the youngest are yes that's rock look
your baby PNE ain't gonna stop CML sing
all the time with the big smile give
this baby that we'll see in a while and
baby Tarts lawn when she takes a bath
three years old so you do the math
anything's possible baby tard front
cover of James Bond's album art yeah
mrs. Turner she's fabulous life of the
stars she's extravagant Chris she might
get a bit hyper at times but I guess
that it runs in the family lie and son
tart man full of funk and soul souls
move whenever the music says no yes is
all the time yeah dance on command a
dancing your dreams in across the land
and we got two heads of the house one
pours like lime one squeaks like a mouse
with the love shine through computer
screen Jai Karl Katie net cap is a team
morning time day two of the cabin and
what are we doing we're swinging but
who's swinging
oh it's Larry the lizard
his name's Roxy oh my so embarrassed
Larry Larry the lizard Roxy tards Larry
the lizard tard gone for a swing whoo
hear that you like such so I was reading
your guys's comments about lizards and
animal cruelty this morning I came out
and I put him in the Sun he has a little
box pulls it and I put him in the Sun
well he is sitting out there in the Sun
for about two minutes and all sudden
these Robins start swooping down by the
box like they're gonna grab him to eat
him so the girls went grabbing now he's
swinging Larry the lizards about to make
his run for it do it you just Johnny
gonna make a run for it dude he's like I
think I could make that snowbank -
pretty far leap but I think I can make
it I gotta get out of here these kids
are driving me crazy how do you think I
feel buddy that's right you guys are
driving me crazy gonna make the jump no
put your toe out there clear okay
don't scream like that he's looking for
some sunshine little lizard oh very good
son tired stick your giant toenail right
next to that'll scare him away okay look
at that thing is that like 12 feet long
you need to cut your toenails dog
you guys gonna grab him he's right there
poke your head out he's right there
see if I'll crawl on your finger
somebody Oh action alright here comes
baby and mom alright should we tell him
honey okay so we're just walking up here
to go fishing we got a - we're gonna go
to this river and stuff up here wow that
was a cool little bridge and mommy's
heart walked over it already
so I said wait I want to feel me walking
over that bridge I think it's
cool-looking so I might go back take it
from the top so that was a rehearse that
was not the first time she'd walked
across that bridge you guys I gotta be
honest we lied to you that was a second
take house a second take of the bridge
walk you're a second take bridge Walker
you know that robbed card that's the
truth I've only walked that bridge twice
in my whole yeah that is the new guys
witness the second time I saw the first
haha yeah so we're headed down here to
the trestle bridge we got two little
blondie butt heads here walking down the
road there's a blondie Butthead there's
two more blondie butt heads up there
actually hey where are your helmets
we're transporting all the kids to the
trestle bridge okay all right we'll see
you at the trestle bridge Hey Oh super
hot nice what's going on you go to the
trestle bridge
Cheers okay mom go get the lawn care dad
Ridge okay Momsen look at some lawn
chairs kay hey Zack I donate a lawn
around here there's no long
look at this gorgeousness I love I can
see right through the water so pretty
hey curly lo hey curly Lemuria
vel√°zquez you're gonna catch some fish
you better that is gorgeous
upon gorgeousness oh we got some tubers
about to dip in the river down here is
it cold
I bet it's freezin the snow just melted
we're at a place called Island Park
Idaho and just what the ladies say three
weeks ago there was still four feet of
snow here like the snow just barely
literally there's even snow at our cabin
there's like big drifts in her cabin
still yeah I remember you catching a ton
of fish just up there if we had our
waiters that's a good thing to have
Ellis yes moments you good things and a
fishing pole is good too yeah those come
after the waders all right and what is
it gonna be drowned yeah it's a high
percentage of drowning today no baby
tard you're not gonna drown dad is it
gonna be drowned what does that mean
you're so cute I like your pigtails dude
they're cute
this is a birthday present that dad gave
to Carly he gave her a fishing pole is
it your first one
oh snap
what's rock face doing - getting some a
bug application applied to it he has
four layers of protection on it right
now he's protected from bugs son
pneumonia AIDS
he has an AIDS applicator on there I
don't know what that is exactly but mom
I just want to play put rubbing on my
face
mom eat are you gonna get on one of
those tubes and float down the river I
think you're the best dressed person
that's here today yeah I like that shirt
that is fantastic I see a fish I see a
fish it's a small one
Supper is served what kind is it brook
trout though brook trout I'm gonna put
him back is he pretty brook trout I
think are gorgeous and brown trout I
love brown KC I love brown dude Sun turd
you should start peeing off the bridge
into the water do you pee off the bridge
right now hurry start to pee off the
bridge pee off the bridge in the hollers
I won't film it dude hurry free gas or
PM hurry your skis yet
Go Go Go hurry Serbian VP Casey Casey
look up here dude is it raining down
there bro do your eyeliner just beat on
your head yeah I do die go do it you
just start peeing off the bridge right
as you came under he started going is a
deep go see how deep it is how deep is a
Casey add a birthday girl she got a
little minnow a nice job how big is it
like five incher to the Shaytards fish
are you done hook him
don't leave out the water too long he's
gonna die Carly he breathes water he
didn't even know he was being on you I
just tricked him that was my fault
dude you go give your uncle Casey a hug
go fart on your uncle Casey's face give
him a hug oh I do not accept this huh oh
you can it look at this face look at
face my pee on it unhook it come up here
come hand it up here on the bridge yeah
look at her get in the water let him
swim in the water even though he's got a
drain hook in his mouth that fish is
waterskiing right now dude it he's not
dead
bring him up here there's a pea brightly
youtubing we're catching fish in your
tubing Casey's the professional unhooker
of fishes he's right here Cooper Cooper
he's right here check him out let's see
the sight of him - what color is it look
at the bottom oh oh that's so pretty
coop look at him see him here's the pole
Carly that's your dinner oh nice catch
did he swim away already nice son tard
Oh son Targ you're lucky
Casey is gonna pee on you did you should
get some water and pour it on him when
he goes under it again Christina got two
tubes they're you know saying - two
tubes and a microphone where it's at
come on Gator run run gauger we'll see
you back at the truck tuber faces hey
youtuber I get it get it cuz over the
tube in the fin the internet website
okay there she goes the princess Todd
huh she's a swing and queen she's the
swingin Queen she's the spring and queen
of New Orleans
she's the swing and queen of New Orleans
she's gonna swing on swing around the
swing swing swing what is that from and
all that yeah dude michael buckley top
that one that was sweet
alright dude here we go let's see it
listen teammate do not disappoint me
bring your a-game here we go Chuck that
baby what is this game called Oh low
what's it called in what's we're playing
the ball oh nice shot mommy tired top
deck for a point on team black too low
good shot nice shot baby doll I'm not
sure the name of this game is I know
that um I played it with my buddy Jamie
and Austin you guys remember my best
buddy Jamie and I'm every time I go to
Austin we usually play this game I care
what it's called but our we're having a
serious game of it right here on the
deck one point you're going down Casey
team it's me and mommy tired against
Casey and his chick down there
even though her name is loser we're
gonna lose the game that's what I know
the shots like that there's no way you
got a chance she did oh middle shelf for
two points Casey nice dog doubling it up
come on is it five two one one five one
we're losing we're losing all right I
got a chute guys peace out it's like a
collage look I got a collage of balls in
my face and that's very good I gotta go
bye thank you
alright so what's the score Casey 10 Oh
golly
mom don't let me down baby what's kicked
here so I got it yeah fire I'm going
yellow bottom shelf dog here we go okay
here we go
you're right you're right Oh oh my
goodness
try again catch it here we go yellow
we're gonna practice one point end okay
the girls are swinging and they just
said dad pretend pretend that were
swinging over a giant audience so that
I'm like oh look there's Casey
is your biggest fan is it your guys's
concert he's your biggest fan he's the
one oh dear did the weirdest van ever
that's true already
what's cooking over there Casey that's
hotdogs brewing Oh baby
what it what about this dude isn't this
pretty cool roasting hot dogs kids
sitting in the hot tub some kids
swinging over there what you know what
frankly I am sick of pushing you
I just come out and say it can we just
talk about our pushing relationship
every new night and days we've gotten
here that's all I've been doing is
pushing kids on the swing and I want a
little break from it huh am I getting
paid overtime for this this is overtime
parents pushing this is overtime parent
pushing you're asking to be right now
you gonna be all hit it I like your
shoes dude
are those the official shoes of this
game do those come in oh snap let's
curtly come on I believe in you you can
do it okay let's see prints start do it
the underhand technique oh you missed
who's next
they've tarred go again give it a ho
heave ho really swing that thing whoa
missed Express super cool spot here this
is probably one of my favorite places to
come I think like this is probably one
of the most beautiful places on earth
that you can drive to we literally just
parked right up there on the top of the
hill and we're walking down this check
this out this is so awesome rocks and
trees and so much greenery it's really
calm up here
me and Sun tarde caught a huge fish in
there when Sun card it was like three
years old
this is beautiful huh beautiful scenery
I love this I feel like I could just sit
here for hours just look around listen
to the sounds
noises of the babbling brook so
something's happening here some like
science experiment it seems like that's
going on right here
like they're trying to collect Jamal for
the fishery fish is their own I can come
up the river yeah so the fish can't come
up here so they get in here and it's
like come on up here the easy way here
we go yeah like I know Fitz back okay
and then you gotta take a right at the
second it get great then go left at the
top of the grading system it's instinct
so this is a great place to come fishing
because it's so you know calm and smooth
up here there's this big pool of water
is there and catch fish big ones and
then we're all ready
so cool I love the sound of it just the
sound of rushing water like takes my
mind away I'm just like well I just hang
out here forever it's cool okay guys I
think we need to have a little talk I
think it's about time we had this
discussion in last videos comment
section there was a lot of I mean
they're an overwhelming abundance an
avalanche if you will of kindness
towards my brother mr. Casey and even so
far as to some of you even suggesting
that he quite possibly could be funnier
than me stupid on Casey
seriously ridiculous anyway so I was
talking about like dude you should start
a YouTube channel dealers so I'm in and
he's never vlog before this is an
interesting concept because everybody
has their first moment of vlogging
you've been in a lot of might have you
ever held the camera in your hand and
like flogged here we go I'm handing it
off as a big brother I'm heading off the
character it's like handing no secrets
off like here's that this year my
brother that your dad told you right
dude dad taught me how to catch a bear
and to it I didn't know until me I just
right hand over to me well keys of the
very killing techniques I break
everything down let me just break this
down break it down Casey but but break
it down bows and driving at break down I
get down the floor but the center does
start doing the world a blog DL og
what is it kite it doesn't stand for che
because none of those letters urges
videos love outgoing guys I'm outgoing
I'll make a video and I love everything
I love trees the headless love do you
start a new acronym dude videos love
outgoing guys tweet it to it with Nick
is that what it's called
we think - epic epic Twitpic me or what
I sighs tagged tell them to hash tag
hash to help me get it ready done
sharing all this - nah - give it
right here get a hashtag it on Twitter
we got to get a trending dude I will
start vlogging within the next 7 days 7
days
and honestly I made a bet with Logan
with logn lo8 and honestly if you guys
will subscribe to my channel shaker will
send you a dollar right what no that's
not that's not true but the agreement
the bet with Logan was with Logan that
by January 1st 2012 201 to 201 t is I
will have more subscribers than Logan
but what's your channel name gonna be
you gotta think about right now well
they like to wait and see I love to
check it out Casey tell them links in my
pants links is in Jays pants there's a
lace and a ball cap and maybe a mountain
lion all sorts of cats that we have in
North America in Jays pants I think
you're holding the camera part of
weather yeah well it means okay dude
seven days you said it okay that's on
done what your tricks we are next one
hey I really hope this chain holds up
but kick him in the bud oh okay spread
um bring the start I don't think that's
a great I just are you try it
swings a tagger in the head I know you
too okay watch this no no are you really
going to run in a crowd right speed
where's this guy that's actually what do
you mean actually working me like I'm
freaking I've cooked every last tube in
here we want to talk about in epic Meal
Time
it's more like tart time meal delicious
this what do you know about eaters
I was telling are you still recording no
no no I clay turn it off really I'm is
the numbers read nope
rookie mistake
rookie vlogging mistake you just pinched
my diploma most rock-hard just hit his
face on the mantle
oh hey your show Casey is basically
breastfeeding rough duration bondage art
is changing a lightbulb right now
focusing on this Harley focus in
focusing she's like look at that
beautiful leg it looks like it could be
out of Venus like commercial okay my
shirt what's in your shirt it's just my
chest what oh oh and there's a child I
didn't know you're my child
he's like the Oh uncle you can't get me
out of here in case your chest hair
sitting out of hand that sounded cool
it's clear over here I'm also blogging
this right now this is a real marital
fight they need to see this
you're not anything out that was real
real fight she's nervous she's afraid of
heights leave it to the man to direct to
not do anything he just sitting there
casually just yelling and directing she
was be Laura Croft Tomb Raider okay
teamwork teamwork and job jump one two
three jump or a freaking light over
we got some soldier boys up in here
they're smooth
oh my god is my expert everybody
I know
