we just okay so I turned my camera on a
little bit too late but the pilot was
explaining to us why we almost crashed
coming into Salt Lake City and all of a
sudden the flight attendant we're about
to land the flight attendant it's coming
around you know taking everybody's
drinks and throwing all the garbage away
and all of a sudden the planes were
flying goes like this it almost straight
up and down and not even joking I looked
at my window and the wing on my left was
like right above the flight attendant
like jumped in the seat next to me and
like just sat out and I grabbed on you
can tell when a flight attendant scared
it's serious apparently what happened is
the it was a wash or the weight of the
747 that big plane we were like flying
underneath or above I don't know exactly
what happened but it pushed our tiny
little plane so there's a little like 15
seats on that plane it pushed her plane
like back and forth it was scary it was
exciting though oh I know what you're
thinking you're thinking shame I thought
you're campy well you're right we were
but we had to come home last night
because I have to make it quick a trip
to New York I'm going to New York for
three days and I still have a ton of fun
cabin footage including a small section
of Sun tarred peeing on my brother
Casey's head I feel kind of bad you'll
have to wait and see we got home from
captain last night at about 11:00 we
went to bed cuz were exhausted woke up
this morning I uploaded a new shaycarl
video it's the first one in three months
I had to hurry and pack and now I'm
headed to New York so trust me fun
family cabin footage is coming I got a
lot of it and it's it's a lot of fun so
I'm gonna go right now and edit it I
have about a three-hour layover so I'm
have a chance at it but I want to get
this video real quick to let you guys
know what's happening there are three
videos I want you guys to go check out
first of all I put up a new shaycarl
video today on the tiger green
ecomagination roadtrip
plus my video I did it with Smosh the
lunchtime with Smosh
it's up and I did a little video with
mystery guitar man check it out links in
my pants right now I'm headed into the
Delta Sky Club to edit today's vlog but
I just want to get this video up to let
you guys know what I'm doing and to
check out those three videos k3 videos
go check them out I'm gonna go end of
the cabin footage game
