could be pretty darn precious what it is
Katie letting shaycarl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events and if you don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them
got him wondering how do you get so
handsome okay and baby's heart she got
that baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock part
I see you starting the walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the driver Chris
it's hard when you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect 10 huh yeah
you know they PDF 52 years done and he's
on two three we're ready for a pity also
let it be clear hey there's the bad
thing about the new truck
Oh at 3:51 a gallon which is
considerably cheap compared to the rest
of the world
right baby tard gas prices are going up
in the summertime you like when the
windows open huh yeah what are we doing
homies we're going to get some
sandwiches
we're less than a little James be lunch
huh
don't either punch her in the face you
give X in my camera so your Barbie got
your Barbie Cinderella
zulay there has never been any other
artists you know how usually if you go
to a concert you like the artist better
because you've seen a live that is no
more true that James Blunt for me and
I've seen a lot of people in concert
it's because I got to actually hang out
with them one on one but I have loved
his music so much more since I saw him
lives if you ever get a chance go see
James Blunt live he rocks it huh
you met James Blunt didn't you all right
go get your seat what are you doing to
the front anyways
no piece of gum sure all right here we
are getting a little lunch at Subway
that's right here in Idaho you can eat
fresh in the drive-thru there they are
though there's our sandwich artists in
there making our art pieces hey Picasso
hey sandwich artist make sure mines
delicious what baby tard the drink
they're coming you are you looking at
him you're getting juice boxes huh yeah
that's mommy's drink mommy got a root
beer oh wait she wanted a water she's
always trying to be healthy
I don't know if you guys don't have a
drive-thru but there is I think there's
two Subway's in the town that I live in
they have a drive-through so yeah it's
pretty convened pretty convenient you
don't have to go in there and stand oh I
hate standing sitting in my trucks much
better I'm a Barbie girl in a Barbie
world I'm riding in chase truck and baby
Todd loves me
I don't know I I know I don't I hardly
ever do that anymore I used to do it and
it would piss me off like none other but
I just didn't I just made a rookie
vlogging mistake
we were vlogging for about two minutes
and the camera wasn't even on right
we're just vlogging about what me and
mommy turd fight about and it was
hilarious and I'm like I'm not recording
I haven't done that forever that is such
a rookie mistake I'm so embarrassed
that's one of the most frustrating
things ever too when you're and it's
like really funny footage and you're not
recording that's I can think of like six
times where I've lost really good
footage because I was a recording or
remember we're in San Francisco and
we're underneath this the bridge that is
like precious footage I wish we never
would have lost we were under what is it
the Golden Gate Bridge we like had snuck
under this fence oh right I don't know
just talking about it anyways I don't
know we were supposed to be where we're
at we had this great footage of me and
mommy tart running and frolicking on the
beach maybe it's just meant to be in our
minds okay so here's what me and mommy
turned fighting about mommy tired is
saying I'm so tired I don't want to make
lunch I'm trying to pack and try to
clean the house it's so tiresome I never
get any of credit for any of the guys I
said don't make lunch let me step up to
the plate here let me be dad of the year
let me let me get up to bat here and I
am I'll take all the kids in my truck
I'll take them down
I'll get them a delicious nutritious
Subway lunch I'll even get a little
something for you mommy turn could you
just do me one small small tiny favor
when I'm gone I the the vlog is
compressing it's about done five more
minutes max just that's it just could
you just wait five minutes I just hit
upload I'll set it up I'll log into the
account
I'll pull up the browser I'll go into
the document section just double click
on this video file and just hit upload
by the time that I'm back I can do all
the description and title it I just
please
that one little upload button nope
they're poor
yeah now fine we are now that's like the
third time I forgot so it's her fault
you guys you're like where's the video
it's because I'm taking care of the kids
and she can't even help me out push one
little bun baby here that puts the
upload button that's what our kid would
be like yeah I remember when mom and dad
used to fight over the videos overnight
uploading the vlog there was this one
time we're glad to get to lunch she
didn't even push the upload button can
you believe that they're like what do
you guys talk about you're just like oh
we're getting ready to go camping I have
to actually um print off a bill of sale
really quick for my brother Casey cuz
he's coming down here to sell his truck
to some dude so he just called me he's
like bro can you do me a favor I need
you to put me off a bill of sales so I
can sell my truck so we're gonna I'm
gonna go meet him where it'll pick up
Casey and then they're gonna come here
nice for the night then we're going
camping tomorrow it's gonna be awesome
okay so see you bye you see the numbers
are ready yeah I mean it's recording
here gonna set right here on the tripod
okay scoot back let's go back let's go
back Kate right there go ahead you're on
the tripod at say whatever you want all
you got to say dude come on your baby
tard you're on the James brother James
Blunt's cover album tell them all about
that did you like him was he nice yeah
how come you were so shy when you met
him okay cuz why you're too close now
that's too close to your face you can't
get it too close you want to send it
down yeah okay watch Jersey right there
oh you messed up those tripod legs now
oh there you haven't had your v-8 today
you're sideways tell us more about James
Blunt alright say bye whoo just
I'm a damn rip 1 I just heard the
biggest flatulence oh you burped and you
flagellated now and you vomited laughter
you flatulate I didn't
I know flatulation when I hear one
apparently he's got you though so it's
okay
I'm folly Don I've got you
what is going down it's just a shock you
yes
let's see Prince art show us how you
that you steer him that's I think that's
how she stares you around okay go
you almost lost your package there you
guys trouble just pulled up trouble just
pulled up into our little town today's
names trouble and come you CRO you ble
and that's those trouble can't print
this charred beat him up
take them down kids come on what does
all of our wrestling amounted to this is
the moment get a Brit to start Oh
body slam on uncle courtesy Cooper's
your mommy sleepy is your mommy sleepy
yes both just wake up from a nap you
look like a lion to give ikj in Maine
they return you give uncle pains yes yes
baby Tariq give me kiss don't get your
head stuck in the fans baby turn give
uncle Casey you can't or you'll go get
any candy for the rest of your life
Cristina give chase your kiss right now
give him a kiss Cristina give him a kiss
right now or there's no word candy
Christina Christina kiss him Cooper give
your mom a kiss oh it's so cute what do
we just catch the good uncle Casey just
caught okay so listen
Carly is deathly afraid of oh she's
basically a girl so anything like a bug
a reptile like this a snake anything of
that nature she's gonna freak out so
Casey's gonna go out a small scale okay
yeah so he's gonna go out there and say
hey Carly check out this new watch that
my wife gave me and I'm sure my Cooper
we're gonna go scare your mom okay let's
go I like your hair look at that watch
that candy bar
it's a lizard skin watch so you like it
you're not late it's only 4:30 yeah it's
only 4:30 you're not late waste worried
so I see God are you it dawns on me
that's like what are we doing this like
15 years ago
brothers will be brothers do bro let's
go get our sister with this lizard be
hilarious centaur do not play tricks on
your sisters okay just don't I mean
unless unless they really deserve it so
what we're doing now is that we're
building a habitat for the lizard see
the box so we're putting some dirt we're
putting some dirt some rocks we've
picked out all the surrounding natural
elements to make the lizards do at home
what do lizards eat you guys who knows
what they eat they eat grass all right
maybe we'll go get on the Google as a
little Google what lizards eat I'm gonna
put them in there what are we gonna name
him you guys what do you want to name it
we got ourselves a lizard welcome to the
family lizard tour we hope you enjoy
your stay here two percent of all person
I am gonna bite every one of your
children a second you turn your baby's
welcome to the family
hey uncle Casey we dare you to kiss the
lizard alright now we're giving the
lizard stress that he doesn't mean the
lizard put him in the bunk we both like
rings is that your on a ring but on the
end of the finger put him in a
green-screen Richard was at a 3-carat
blizzard okay get in there
he's in there oh snap jumper he's in
there okay put the lid on good hunter
grab the leader
don't let him jump out put the lid on
are you I getting scared center centers
like you're here go ahead I'll stand
back here at a safe distance way to be
manly dude
okay
