pretty darn patches what it is Katie let
it shake Carl got the cutest kids and
they'd be up on YouTube making all the
Vince and if you don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them
god I'm wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad with a rocket
art I see you start in the water hit
that stinky leg then he hit the driver
prison start with you whack girlfriend
back handspring it's a perfect ten uh
yeah you know they PDF ap two years done
and he's on two three we're ready for a
bitty also let it be clear hey are there
kids rooms cleaned I don't know that's
your job to enforce the law not clean
all right I'm gonna check the girls room
even if it's not clean they're gonna
punch right to the jugular vein right to
the jugular punch I'm gonna shoot right
to the jugular punch regular punch I
don't have time the jugular punch you
anyways like I don't see if the girls
rooms are cleaning or not or they're
gonna get regular punches look our shoes
are put away nice and tidy like that's
how I like it
alright we'll see you guys next time we
need some snow boots peace out son tard
is your room clean yes isn't it nice so
baby chard made her bed look comfortable
hey come here
you want to try it out that's
comfortable oh you better get up for bed
you're messing up let's go see your room
now son tard
well sorry we're gonna pologize for that
baby tard we hope you can forgive us oh
snap may bed oh nothing on the floor I'm
liking what I'm seeing I'm really liking
what my eyeball
message in my brain
thanks some hard no I remember asking
for quarters everywhere everyone but I
hate it because it is it's just like
taking their money and throwing it away
especially on those machines the claw
machine that grab the toys because they
just take the bunny they never work ever
except for that one time that Shay did
it in Long Beach it worked
hey sundered what are you doing dog wait
you too busy looking at worse movie for
still in the theater what are you doing
just reading the newspapers
see you later just will have to go by
city on the step by myself brother lose
it what oh my goodness there we go with
the can eyes Justin Bieber behind you
Justin Bieber where where you're right
you spotted him far away all right you
guys come on let's go ahead oh go get
milk and dinner I don't know what we're
gonna maybe hard what are you doing that
you're not supposed to be doing no not
reading a book
well are you doing that you're not
supposed to be doing that's right so why
were you doing it because you're not
tough okay well you just try really hard
this whole shopping trip I'm gonna count
how many times you suck your thumb and
if you don't suck your thumb at all five
no you're supposed to do zero zero your
follow up again I won't okay dad what do
you want us to show us beautiful
beautiful don't tell me are they
comfortable here you go Cinderella they
are using to run it why not give me know
why are we getting candy they're not why
no why aren't we though cuz they're not
good for us
oh
their sugar mamas bad guy today we're
trying not to eat so much sugar and
never try those
they're like marshmallows kind of their
kind of you know what can't be that I
try work honey hey Lynette
candy candy eggs candy orange orange
champion Oh like jelly beans no a little
bit tiny like I ate that so awesome
thanks on charts
how's your last day of school or you say
everything's boring I don't need your
back for an interview at know it doesn't
just boring things for you we are at the
store trying to find figure out what's
for dinner and it drives me crazy
because I'm really bad at planning the
dinners ahead what
you're glaring at me it's language hard
so we try to plan ahead a couple days I
found this so first lasagna I know it's
not homemade but it's quick and we're
packing up to get out of here to go to
LA so healthy chocolate Ramsay Taum
Twitter says what about your sushi
caramel on YouTube
what life-changer thank you yes shaycarl
he's a rock star man he's a big deal for
the top guys on YouTube and is a is debt
free dinners debt free scream here on
the air and at the time he did it I'm so
out of touch with pop culture that I had
no idea how big rock star is he's huge
know it really well he's he's large but
he's not as big as he was you want to
diet but he's just is easy YouTube star
and that's clock we've enjoyed getting
to know him and his family
so mami tarde that was exciting
he called me fat it's true that was
awesome hi name do you guys don't know
who Dave Ramsey is I'll leave a link
below go follow him on Twitter and
listen he changed my life and if you've
never heard me talk about this within
you're new welcome to the show okay dude
how much dollars oh my money thank you
honey
how much do you got mmm do I get some of
your college savings oh I don't know Oh
money crap show me all your money
you ever
ever made okay so I are gonna play
one-on-one game yeah why you
winner takes all vomit art hey yes the
garden me and show me the same I can't
do I want to get footage of me just
destroying you I can't shoot did you get
the shot I don't think come on you gotta
play defense and so me make sure you get
me yep okay I'm up 2-0 what are you
gonna score at the same time you got a
dribble I did your double you're
travelling Oh get out of school fuck-ups
my house or he comes oh hey guys what's
going on hey Carly I wanna give a
special shout out today with Michael
Dobbs say Micah stubs I want to do is
first off shout out to my customs he put
together this two-year collage I'm about
to show you it's a picture of my fat
bearded face every single day of the
year two of the vlogs
can you believe he took the time to look
at my face that long I mean seriously
it's that hideous how could you be
looking at my face is wrong I mean come
on
I'm shake Harlem with fat loser
it's just
but beard is and your kids are awesome
and your wife is
you become extra awesome
I'm so
but you try
you
you
