pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie letting
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all events and if
you don't know I'm gonna tell you like
this like this like son's heart got all
the girls on them got him wondering how
do you get so handsome okay and baby
turn she got that baby girl swag she can
get a little crazy just like her dad
with a rock hard I see you starting to
walk hit that stanky leg then he hit the
driver prison start where you wag
girlfriend back handspring it's a
perfect 10 uh yeah you know they PDF NP
2 years 10 and hes on 2 3 we're ready
for a pity also let it be clear hey keep
bloggy hey son tard you want to start
the truck I have the power okay listen
hey listen there's a few rules okay I
know these are important rules you know
what are the rules oh I know the first
was I can do it when only a dad's here
nope that's not even a rule at all the
first tool is this never ever feed it
after midnight second rule don't get it
wet okay okay go ahead and start it
those are the 2i was cool huh nice I get
those rules mixed up that sounds like
it's from something should I be annoying
you gosh i honk when mommy to her walks
in front of the truck should i do it you
get you do it you're doing it was it me
dude totally wasn't me that was fun tard
how was your loving son boy he did it oh
snap hurry up we'll have time to wait
for you to load everything in the truck
oh cut oh hey guys are gonna go ahead go
help on the cart see by oh oh she's in
the face with songs whoa here we are at
the place hi mommy
sundar try to hit her square in the nose
like you did last time and remember
throw it as hard as you can mom catch
what sons are that's not nice apologize
to your mother that's it mom's pissed if
mama ain't happy ain't nobody happy
right eat there remember that remember
this place honey this is the place that
I stopped you I mean dated you remember
we're back at the old college campus go
bengals what are we here to see we're
here to see mommy tarts dad's band play
and let's just shared the quad the sub
the student union building so we're come
to check it out we brought a frisbee
just to wing around everyone sit out
here dude give that to me go long run
run run that was a horrible throw keep
on running
what so was it look I bring a dog to the
concert this must be online
Boone the vision Salem okay oh yeah I
met yeah I know where that's at all
right so what's your name again Megan
Megan from boone north carolina that
sounds pretty hickish even more than
Idaho yeah appalachian tom Megan yeah
we're here at the concert she came and
said hi and I hi it's good to meet you
and I ain't got one our bracelets death
as I call the concerts or color
coordinated yeah they're at last week
was purple next week's yellow and every
week teal teal I'm gonna get all the
bracelets I'm gonna be here actually
we're going to California for the summer
so you came here my friend said that
you're running away from me that's why
we found the sucker yeah guys this is
the real reason we have to go to
California yeah shaycarl at the student
union building riding skateboard
beautiful technique it's like if jesus
for to ride a skateboard this is what it
would look like dress that
shoes
sure you don't wanna dance me tardy
haha
ha
Oh
haha
oh I love my grandkids shoes that you
shoot
listen to the voices opposed
you can't be walking by
you just gotta like it ready I've
sweeeeet kappa throw this down to Logan
and center ok guys do out where rain oh
it's gonna curve upward on it nice yeah
so you can get it up here trow it fail
your ear a failure at life get it son
tarde there's marks or up here dude oh I
got it
Oh
Oh
yep
here here hey dad we got your dog we're
holding them hostage we'll give him back
if you train us your hair line for him
look where I'm hiding your mom's present
on her seat this is yeah this is a
present from her to her mom and this
thing is like thing is heavy take five
pounds yeah it's so heavy it's like it
so I'm gonna hide it here yeah on
Rapunzel they're like pretend you're
Flynn Rider oh I see the pain what stuff
you're supposed to have her pull it out
why these are just gentlemen and OH get
that chair we really went out and beyond
got you Rapunzel pan well I do not for
sure but I remember at the cabin you
like the one with the rivets in it yeah
so so we go what are you doing up there
on the top shelf I let going and then I
can't fault me oh you got your safety
harness on hey what are you doing up
there I'm trying to find a chocolate
beet you would need the chocolate for
what what do you need the marshmallows
for Oh for CHR oh hey princess art we
named everybody who watches our videos
camera because of you oh yeah that's
them they're all watching they're all
named camera what up is the coop you've
got a haircut whatwhat got a haircut
with your hair back and forth with your
hair back up a whip your hair back the
book I am looking a teen oh that looks
like a healthy cereal huh good one mami
tarde are these healthy for your
children Cooper I like your haircut
looking fancy dude whip your hair back
forth you going night night peace dawg
see you in the morning love you ah
farewell oh that mom has a nice pair of
shoes on good night love you is Donnie
up there is he still there he's watching
out for us all right rock cards say
goodnight to dorney the dart rocked
argue better say goodnight to your
little brother no Dottie tsunemori bro
Donnie the darts lives on Oh
hafiz honey i'll call it John no he's
then his name's Donny the dirt we'll
just ask me for reference hey Dad what's
the darts name again I'll say it's Donny
she's like I'll just call you whatever I
want no you're not its name is Donny I'm
flying it Jonathan hard all right what
are you two doing you're hoarding the
Pringles there dude huh get all the
Pringles to yourself nice move whoa whoa
whoa all right I'm gone you guys go away
Franny kids ok so we're roasting
marshmallows here by the fire what did
you say mommy tard if they light on fire
don't start without you're gonna shoot a
rocket marshmallow bomb across the yard
or two somebodies I like Cooper's you
close to some marshmallows coo those are
some good marshmallows oh well you know
how I like mine perfect so maybe I'll
have a vitamin years okay what babytard
oh snap we're getting major smokage over
here hey what did I announced yesterday
announced the summer was officially
started it's officially started people I
would say this couch is a summer
activity want you I'm calling this
summer time it's summer too there is so
much talking happiness at this it's not
done dude you gotta get those brown all
right we're out peace fire
