but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is hotter than
Oh
okay we're just got this necking and
it's in the garden shy gotta wake him up
okay where is it
garden I'm going out
we found a snake what do you do with it
guys so I try to trap it we just let it
live where really don't that's fine it's
in the tree oh my gosh look at that you
guys see that it's hanging out in the
tree oh my goodness his little tongue
hey mr. snake um we are here today to
ask you if you could just maintain our
property could you do that please and I
understand it would probably like it
here oh my gosh you are so long you you
probably like it here because it's a
nice place to live but there are other
nice places like I hear the neighbor's
house over there is pretty nice he's got
a pond and everything you want to go
over there huh no okay
guys I don't really have the guts to
kill it I don't think I should
let's go dad but I don't want it here
either so what do I do
tell that I did so he's slow going go
get him go show him to come on
maybe we should just name him we should
just name our snake are you gonna go
dude Oh mr. staycation Wow you're you're
kind of pretty but you're freaky at the
same time so hmm I hear these snakes are
good for keeping the rattlesnakes away
maybe that's a
good thing because there are
rattlesnakes around here grandma tarde
probably freaking out right now kill it
I I think maybe maybe we're just gonna
name it honey
maybe we'll just name it and he'll be
snake tarde until he kills one of our
children and then he won't be part of
the family anymore
yes evil loses nothing good is that the
same one does that look exactly like the
same one his head is smaller than I
expected
hey little dude he's under the fence
princess art go move that bag see that
bag right there he's underneath that bag
but his head's on this side of the fence
so he won't be able to bite you just go
just go down and grab this bag and move
it bother you right there I just moved
that bag there see there is princess art
you did touch his back you wanna touch
his back cuz look his head's on this
side of the fence so he's not gonna be
able to go back and bite you just touch
his back you'll hurt his back okay there
he goes go touch him on return hurry do
it
hurry
luckily much of his body left oh did he
move yeah he's like wait is it who's
touching me he's rattling is he a
rattlesnake do you rattle no but he
started shaking his tail
I don't here he is he's not his head's
way too small to be rattlesnake
you sure cuz yeah shaky touches back
again new to autumn there's a rattle no
there's not there's not a rattle he's
rattling it look at that oh yeah he's
right on
there's no rattle on it don't freak oh
but he was shaking it like this did you
hear yeah I saw it shaking back to the
fourth but there's like no rattle it's
tiny I could hear it though maybe it's
just like maybe he's copying a
rattlesnake he stole at his trick oh my
gosh no see there's no rattle on the end
of this tail neck is crawling right now
okay he's just chilling he's just brazen
through there
oh that snake got back like he was gonna
yeah yeah I don't there's no way he's a
rattlesnake he was shaking it like a
Polaroid picture just get it going mr.
snake keep going on down the hill okay
just keep on cruising on out of here mr.
sneaky snake that's right
take that get out of here how about what
did we get what did we get in the
package well you what did I get in my
package what why are you laughing
because it's just for you
she's like nice those my new eagle eyes
wait oh here's your phone - by the way
you notice oh how could you not notice I
switched it let me see look at it I
switched it in the post office look look
you guys mom got a new phone case and I
switched it was in the post office to
surprise her remember that one time
we're waiting for like three months for
your other phone case where do I still
have that one my pocket where did it go
first the phone case check it out
remember guys remember this one remember
we're waiting for this phone case there
was like hundreds of thousands of people
waiting for this phone case every video
here you want to see Hey where are you
going come here and take us with you
hey guys want to go with mommy tired to
go shoe shopping okay go with her trust
me you guys don't want to be with
shaycarl cuz he not a school I'm the
best right mom I am a shoe thief it's
true sorry but I'm really not I'm
looking for toddler shoes first shoes
ever what this will be his first shoes
ever let's go fight okay I don't think
that they have a good shoe in his size
because I like this one I like that shoe
because that looks like something he
could walk in and it's wide because he
has a wide feet all the boys in her
family have wide feet so we have to get
something that's wide those are the only
ones that look like the right width but
they don't have a size 4 or 5 and he's
already grown out of a size 3 so he can
get the brown sand all looking ones or
like those are you safe either okay give
these ones but they don't have size and
those either
all those aren't too bad I think maybe
we'll try those they don't say for white
on them but we can always return them if
they don't fit
sir do you think you're doing your door
at the door when I run carpet she what
you waited for what am I supposed to be
doing waiting for me at the door with
the red carpet dog and listen to Britney
and reading tweets Co
so go down I was a Brandon loop is that
going on
that was fast I'm impressed what you
know I was really fast well them get a
lot of choices let me see what about the
cameras I can shut Rock tard mommy got
you some new shoes you little barefoot
baby
you little barefoot my favorite okay
I'll just show you those are lame for
our size four is gonna fit in it's nice
I thought he needed a size fives
no what do you think like those ear
rock-hard cats
Oh get it for him and give it to him
what do you think rock hard
that's yours he liked those what am I
supposed to do with this crap I won't
wearing those just don't match my coat
why'd you get the yeah but I think he's
right about us but I think he knows this
cool right here this is go right here
put it on dude yeah put on your foot the
shoe is closed on my foot
it's not working why isn't it working
I'm putting it on my foot
oh we got school song school socks
adorable those are adorable but he's
still trying to put him on his butt oh
you're so dumb you don't even know how
it works
you think that's funny huh you guys
ready to go home alright so today's vlog
has gotta be really quick you guys
because we are so frickin busy we are
all headed to a cabin this weekend this
Sunday Casey and Caylee and Carly and
everybody we're going to a cabin to
celebrate
hey you hush your mouth for two seconds
you punk a baby
hey you don't even ought to put your
shoes on right you don't you can't cry
hey hey punky brewster what is that your
name
you punky brewster anyway so we're all
going to a cabin on Saturday Sunday
Monday and Tuesday it's gonna be awesome
hopefully there's good internet and then
as soon as we get back I have to go to
New York for three days for this added
at age add edge some convention about
things on the Internet hey I have to go
for three days to New York just a really
quick trip it's like fly there do the
little thing I'm coming there for then
fly back and then we're drivin to LA to
move for the summer so we're trying to
pack for camping trying to also pack for
New York and then trying to pack to move
to LA this summer these next two weeks
are gonna be super busy so be patient
with the videos but we should get a lot
of fun good footage I wanted to let you
guys know if you haven't seen it already
I've tweeted at about 600 times I think
at this point there was an article that
I did in Forbes magazine Forbes com
actually it's on the website I'll leave
a link in my pants below if you haven't
seen it it's basically everything you
ever wanted to know about me and lots
more way more than you ever wanted to
know about shaycarl so go check it out
Forbes com it's leaking my pants and
monetary goal are we packed yet I think
well um it's an exciting I feel like
we've just moved into our house again
because mommy tarts cleaned out a lot of
the closets everything's starting to
look empty again that's like a yeah I
remember we first moved into this house
now we're moving again how many times is
this is this time this is sick I don't
know we've moved many
I remember for a long time it was 13
times but I feel like that's been a
couple moves ago yeah this is like our
16th time moving as a married couple we
love each other that's that's the
greatest thing though it doesn't matter
where we are in the world we still have
each other and that's why it's easy to
move for us because it's not like we're
losing anything we still have the most
important thing to us and that's each
other oh that's adorable come on you
can't get a little love for romanticism
on rockface I don't care I want my new
shoes and socks on right now I'm not
gonna behave until I get them too much
rocked our footage cut it
