but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is hotter than
Oh check it out
cool
I'm not really sure what that was but it
was cool lots of motorcycles are always
cool who doesn't like a bunch of
motorcycles in a gang type situation I
guess they have like tire irons and
chains and they were coming after you
that wouldn't be cool but that was cool
let's ride for Memorial Day a quiet
going out somewhere tomorrow something
anyways happy Memorial Day to everybody
I'm not doing some errands and
everything's closed so I think I'm just
gonna go back home now
what do you got there dude huh what is
on your hand is it a marshmallow
what Heaton what are those called do you
know what they're called huh
it's a s'more he say s'more so I want
some s'more s'mores she's not listening
to me she's to sidetrack s'mores good a
s'more face-eating some more s'mores huh
what cheating let's see you take a bite
of your s'more as you do a backflip can
you do that you got it in your hair
already dude alright do a backflip while
you're eating your s'more 1 do 3 nice
view isn't this gorgeous or at my
buddy's house right now eating s'mores
and jumping on the trampoline so good
your hair oh right here I'm you do the
podge Allegiance you guys know what
today is Memorial Day
Memorial Day this is the day that we
remember all the soldiers men and women
who fought for our country to give us
freedom see all these crosses out here
those all represent a man or a woman who
died fighting in the in the army wait
all the same they all represent a person
who fought who fought are they no just
those are just across is that
representable yes they're not really
buried here there are lots of
representations you see the flag over
here see all these American flags so you
guys know the Pledge of Allegiance
you're told do you guys know what it
means
what does that mean hey you got the
words memorized you guys you gotta know
what it means you can't just say
something you can't stand up put your
hand on your heart and just say words
you have to know what you're saying get
to know what you're talking about
where else you just chanting something
let's tell them let's let's think about
it kay I pledge allegiance
what is allegiance mean who knows what
allegiance means do you know what it
means to be Allegiant
what does it mean let me turn to be
Allegiant Allegiant is to be loyal loyal
means be proud of to be Allegiant to
means you'll always stand by the flag
this is gonna this is this is
interesting conversation with an
international audience that we have on a
very American topic today is Memorial
Day for all of our European friends I
always get messages people from you know
Israel Jerusalem I know somebody in
Jerusalem and all over the place all
over Europe England Ireland Australia we
have gatherings in all these places you
guys are always like come to Tokyo or
come here one day that would be sweet
you guys like to go to Japan one day
don't meet people in Japan yeah hmm we
would like to be there on a day that's
not scheduled to have an earthquake
anyways right so we're gonna talk about
the pledges of Allegiance kay because I
want you to know what you're saying
right look at rock dirt rocker it's not
even paying attention
oh man being unpatriotic rock tires are
not being allegiant sation which it
stands one nation under God indivisible
with liberty and justice for all
unless we don't like you alright we'll
talk about that more later peace in some
countries people are fighting and
there's wars in their countries like
some people like if they don't like the
religion you believe in they'll shoot at
you there's people that have guns and
they're shooting at each other because
they don't think that they don't agree
with the other person's religion can you
imagine that if we went to church and we
are come out of our church and people
like I don't like what you believe in
and I search
horrible I would be scary ha do you
think that'd be scary da Dada if people
are shooting on us it's pretty obvious
we don't need to be asked that would be
scary
that's scary under any anybody's opinion
of them would that be scary think we're
shooting onions yes so that's why we
feel so lucky we feel so proud to live
in America and we want to celebrate days
like today we want to be grateful for
our soldiers the men who fights it
helped give us those freedoms to help
give us that safety shay you shouldn't
be driving without your hands stop you
for a minute
do we have here tonight I couldn't not
explain why we're all freaking out yeah
let's just turn the camera on you huh
what do you have to say for yourself we
left the van at Grandma's house and I
forgot to take the exit an hour on the
wrong path way in life to go get the bag
we just go pick it up tomorrow drive my
truck in the morning you run we'll go
home put the kids to bed you run to my
parents house and they get the better
than drive home it's a long jog you want
to go get it
okay here's we have to discuss hey guys
okay so listen this is a funny thing you
guys have a new name before you guys
were the Shaytards
you were the shaped hard rebellion
Knights is that all the names of their
what else are they people wasting their
time watching our life listen you are
not wasting your time this is time well
spent
homework can wait chores can come later
this is the Shaytards people you must
watch it you must watch I was just keep
watching just keep watching me in Nemo
Dora Dora tart Dory I might have got a
mex enough my characters your guys's new
name is just camera cuz we just sit here
talking about princess tart and how
she's always
hurry I think I'll just referring to you
guys as camera but she's always like
where's the shirt for camera work should
like hi camera like you bro
and so that is your guys's new name you
guys our camera
yeah that is your that is all 850,000 of
you or how everybody there are this is
not a choice
it was weird I was stuck in this weird
middle area I couldn't go back or for
because it was like high centered and I
was like which way do I go and even
people were saying move the desk but I
can't move the desk because the TV's
right there and I like having my face to
the door so it's like as soon as
somebody comes in I can like look up
like what yes can I help you right where
would I move the desks they could move
it against this wall but I could look
sideways towards the TV but what do I
put the desk and I'm facing this way
like I'm facing out the window that
could work well actually no because I
can't see the TV but I'm saying about
you don't want to move the TV my chair
the back of my chair could go to that
wall do you see what I'm saying I'd be
facing this way that would be good I
just look over yeah I just I'd have to
like turn my head a little bit we're
moving anyways I don't turn my head ah
there's no turning heads remove it
anyways now we're gonna take these
paintings no let's not take them should
we put them in the basement ah come on
take them kids like these paintings I
love them if you like some people don't
like him all of our family who's walked
in there just kinda like just like what
is that I think I love it so much
because that so much meaning to me I
commissioned this this painting was my
idea
he had the artistic you know our design
you know he decided all the phases and
stuff but I just love how bright it is
it's just there's much going on I wonder
I want to know the history of this
painting I want to know where this
painting will be in a hundred years from
now that's so interesting to me this
this painting if somebody offered me
$10,000 for this painting
would say now this point this painting
is almost like invaluable to me it is
this is like my mantra I just love I
love the story about it otally totally
honestly I don't I mean if somebody
offered me a hundred thousand maybe they
would but I would wanted a I would want
it in like a public place I don't know
I'm just in love with it cuz it's my
baby if you have a hundred thousand
dollars just send me an email at shape
so what are we talking about okay
audience oh wait no no audience like
like audience way that's Toby Turner's
these are camera camera camera
princess artists name you guys camera
fight camera we'll see you tomorrow
camera
