pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie let in
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all events and if
you don't know I'm gonna tell you like
this like this like son's heart got all
the girls on them
got him wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock card
I see you starting to watch hit that
stanky leg then he hit the drop prison
start where you whack girlfriends back
handspring it's a perfect 10 huh yeah
you know they PDF 52 years then and he's
on two three we're ready for a video so
let it be clear how many fish you're
gonna catch 17 yes you swear to
everything you'll catch 17 oho baby you
better not disappoint me excuse me are
you ready to go fishing
how many fish you're gonna catch catch
one what if we get two up get one on a
fishing pole for you a little fishing
pole hey Rock turn excited for the
fishin are you gonna keep it in the jar
something you're gonna eat it some
gorgeous countryside up through this
area
to this part of the world some gorgeous
green countryside going through these
mountains right here baby tired what are
you laughing at what is she doing
wait a minute put that book back up baby
turn for that what is that book called
College our freedom
so princess earn what was babies are
doing
she was still in your book about
stealing oh she was still in your
peanuts
it looks like the boat needs to be more
specific
crazy monkey heads I'm for wheeling
through the woods I'm gonna catch me a
deer with my bare hands eat its neck off
the first pair of shoes he's ever worn
he's like never worn shoes before in his
life we put him on him and he looks at
him like get these off my feet why are
these on my feet
check out this view look at those
mountains wouldn't be nice to have a
really big cabin right there right there
on top of that grassy knoll have a cabin
right there on the lake
that's gorgeous material right there
that's some gorgeous material chips and
sandwich that's what I'm talking about
be impatient over there son tard
yeah bobber on there I just gotta watch
you into your pole dog we're waiting for
the fish to bite how many of you caught
Casey three one come on you can do
better than that
hey Carl's being a girl guys this face
is a girl what do you think rock hard
that's Jenny fish with my lure he's like
dad I'm a lure fisherman because I get
bored I can't sit there with a worm and
offer gonna be I'm gonna be doing action
action fishing action fish you want to
see a sweet cast they do go back there
I'm gonna show you a sweet castle okay
it's probably the best cast you've ever
seen in your life ever if that's not
even here hear about it rolling Casey do
you want to come over here and have a
contest a casting contest wait hold on
you have to know that this shot right
here is beautiful yeah yeah that's the
most beautiful part you're amazing
so sweet you should stupid humans can't
fly it's true okay watch out it's on
your foot look at my lures uncle say
he's trying to hook you does have a hook
on it eating the nerve don't don't touch
it a lawyer a lawyer a lawyer don't have
the hook on it you have mean man you're
gonna shake his face and you're gonna
regret that
rock hard you can't eat rocks just
because your name's rock card doesn't
mean that good for you he's been eating
it he'll put his face down and eat it
get me that he's so difficult
give me that there we go yep delicious
tasty roughest the guy just threw it and
he picked up the same one that was smart
mom rocked hard look at he's sticking
his face in the dirt and eating the road
that's disgusting you couldn't go good
walking oh he's adorable he's loving
this dirt scene in the outdoors you're
gonna climb that Hill go for it dog stop
he goes to nude disgusting
what did you just find
where'd you find it was it dead just in
the water dude that's gross
let me see it yeah dude I think it it's
like rigor mortis it's been dead for a
long time that means it's not good to
eat I think you should throw it back in
the water
what are you gonna do with it and then
what'd you do with it after that here no
we're gonna keep it well it's gonna
start to stink really bad okay are you
wiping your hands on your coat that you
just had that fish with is that the
smartest thing to do I'll hold this
dirty fish then wipe it on my new dress
kids Oh bother
all right ladies what happened did you
get it on did you get it through its
body No oh yeah I did good job
is that gross okay print the started you
need to the other one you need to hook
it through one more time grab it grab it
and hook that up that warms body is that
your first worm you ever hooked up nice
job Casey I taught your daughter how to
hook a warm up I'm doing your job for
you
come on Britton start your turn don't be
a wuss here
that's fine well babe Oh top and your
sweetie truck my watch oh these old
things I love them they're great fishing
buddy yoga time fishing hot chubby cheek
chubby cheeks
I like that grin you got look a little
under bite another bite
you remind me of my mom's old dog Gidget
rock garden ambition you wait like 14
different rocks enchant dirt my Genesis
will be limestone I remember when these
were big strong he's a rock fighter hey
that movie security tapes here we have
too much wrong track footage it drives
my truck
I know too much rock turn footage turn
it off to PDF and pee
yeah I went fishing today with my family
my dad is the best that's the biggest
area I was seeing I don't see I think
you spell family wrong and my dad shave
with us my dad Shea is the biggest stud
muffin I've ever met
all right yeah seriously look how cool
he is right all that don't write all
that certainty don't listen
my dad my dad got me a first grader come
on first look after mom put your head
put your put it down your head that's a
cool hat dude flip cam right in the
pocket you see yeah hold on
you see yourself so it's a camera pocket
right here in forehead it's not cold
okay put it back in there you go hey go
show princess let me see your face Lumi
look at me Oh hard time
it's a start David starts coming to show
you her new hat camera say hello
nice hat dude yes your other unit save
me a lot of work where not hat around
the house I have called you all here for
a reason we are about to open a family
package and you know that's my favorite
word what does this smell like was it
smell like in there you smelling it
I've taught I've taught my children to
enjoy good smells like that of rubber
and tires
oh what a delicious scent coming this
summer
the scent of shaycarl I should connect
my own Cologne
can there be a shaycarl Cola I don't
know if everybody would actually want it
anyways alright we're about to open a
package it's a family package and I
actually already know what's in it
because I received the email so once you
go ahead and pull it out there son tard
there's there should be one for
everybody in there oh yeah
the double XL is mine what is that
t-shirts
what does it say
flip it around son chart you read it
you're the best reader so far what does
that say on the front are you oh sorry
do you guys know it's Atari is it is a
tripod that follows you wherever you go
and guess what your daddy is the
spokesperson for this product can you
guys believe it
well they might they they probably will
eventually these are gonna be everywhere
let me see which one is are they all
small I don't know where the camera is
you don't even need to worry about the
camera though because Satara follows you
it follows you wherever you go
why do you put that shirt on Satori
Satori Satori Satori solace in short us
10 we'll work on it
those are cool shirts I like them let me
see guitar yeah good oh you're so
adorable for the camera the camera
doesn't we're insured silly face always
concerned about the camera and so nice
this is mine this one's mine
that would be weird if the camera was
right all right it's that for bed go to
bed are you using the monitor and the
mirror I am looking into the computer oh
it wasn't even sunny today but it's like
that you know when it's just barely
overcast but the sun's right there and
you can tell that you're getting hit but
you don't feel like you're getting some
rain cuz it's not hot but I totally did
my face got burnt out fishing today
we're fishing today all right so if you
don't know what Satara is come on where
you been the last six months Satara is
an amazing new product that I found
online somehow I contacted them and I
said hey listen I think this is genius
they're just brand new there start now
and I said hey I want to be part of this
brand I want to be the spokesperson
whenever I can do I went to San
Francisco I met with these guys the
dudes who invented this it's a tripod
literally that just follows you have
this little marker you don't know what
I'm talking about it I'll leave a link
you know what just I can't explain I'm
gonna leave a link in my pan
let's go check it out the link down here
is called sitar e star it's this new
product it's basically a tripod that
follows you wherever you are so if you
want to make youtube videos and you
don't have anybody to film you guess
what this is the answer I'm not joking
yeah you guys it's gonna be coming soon
they're already going to meet with the
people who are gonna be producing this
the product engineers or whatever the
people who are actually gonna make the
you know mass-produce the tripod but
it's basically a tripod that you can you
take a little marker it's like this
little thing and it's hard to explain
but the tripod will follow you wherever
you go so I come over here my career
seen it be better anyways check out the
link in my pants I'll put one right down
here you guys can check it out they just
sent us these shirts but yeah I am the
official spokesperson for Setar II and
I'm super excited you guys just wait I I
it's one of those things that takes time
you know to get a product out there and
on the market but once it does you guys
are gonna be shocked this is an amazing
thing and these guys got great things in
store so check it out we get my pants
thanks suits for the shirts because nice
is my right face nicely black is
slimming right you do listen to me it's
here me up I want to move this painting
where are you gonna put it I want to put
it on that wall over there because I did
make sure yeah look at my shirt my shirt
high enough we're like when I get out I
always hit it I was like I want to move
this to that wall don't move that to
that wall what do you think sure let's
see what they think what are you guys
with a roadie pepperoni I like it right
there very the bigger wall but I keep
hitting it right there Oh tough life
decisions
