Oh get dog a it's time to eat d Dean
there with the family yo bar units all
the cameras there sitari face well as
you'll notice there is no corn on this
table I did notice and I want answers
immediately and I looked at me back sure
there wasn't any snow right now stairs
at council and guess what the date on it
was like the expiration date yeah 2009
baby it was September 10th 2008 corn
come on sure it's still bad Jarrett how
do you help us out of a can of corn from
four years ago I don't know that's four
years ago we just been carrying it
around with those don't throw it away
it's like a souvenir now just throw it
away you better not throw away my
souvenir can of corn I'm all wrong guard
as the bread we keep breath Rock yards
in prison he has to have bread and water
we of course get ham potatoes and salad
Barack tart has to have just read you
guys please don't be like Giuseppe Fred
that's all they give me for dinner oh
alright so today is one takes Sunday I
aha I'm dressed accordingly how's my
hair I never combed my hair does it look
dumb oh I feel like I was commenting
like I don't ever call my hair don't
know how to do it I need a stylist well
you didn't angler cut yeah this weapon
eberly college Ernie beards get along
too i'm thinking about Mike believe in
my beard long actually made an agreement
with sleep let the James Blunt concert
in Denver that I wouldn't shave my beard
until I got to a certain weight it was
going to be like if I lose enough weight
who was it I want to save us a number
yet because i'm saying i'm here to be
like i have to wait on them 50 pounds of
a beard like this big i think i'm gonna
grow it out until I lose some weight and
June anyways we'll talk about okay so
our dinner guys oh it's a delicious what
do you have in there some poppy seed
dressing babytard what's your name baby
dard you haven't dinner some been
deadlier but darling baby dardo have a
spinner for yourself some grape juice
there but start yeah I'm so glad put the
lid on that dog somebody's gonna elbow
that right off the table onto our floor
I guarantee it centaur get the lid there
oh you got to keep your eyes open your
eyes have to be on the table looking for
future disasters sons are going to talk
to us just too busy chowin down there no
dog must eat alright one takes sunday
kind of lame we love you guys we just
had a napping contest we all just got up
from our nap contest i think i want well
no Oh EDS if you nap longer whoever
takes the longest nap in the winter yes
sorry cuz we were all in the count we
owned a resort oh well and if you go
pressure on me then I guess huh hey guys
please send five dollars tonight
I'll leave a link below I need to buy a
resort I have you dream about the camera
filming the medication whoa trippy the
camera filming another camera number if
I don't get it you're trippin me out man
Oh what does your dream about what else
happened as a secret I her somewhere in
that green oh snap was he hahaha busted
all of your drinks Justin Bieber was in
he's in all of your dreams am I in all
of your dreams a dream is a wish your
heart makes when you're fast asleep I
was I made a purchased our dream a dream
is a wish your heart makes when you're
fast asleep no matter how your heart is
dreaming if you keep on believing a
dream that I were singing here
I've been dreaming of a true last kiss
and rub Prince i'm hoping come of it
we've seen those two lines of this i
know a lot more workers for this fun we
actually just got the movie so we're
gonna learn it huh we should we're
learning you guys mark my words we sing
that song by 10 times in the vlogs we're
gonna learn it we're going to see it and
I'm gonna start eating now okay all this
all these watching all these people
easily it can be hungry okay since it is
tomorrow bye
