start with the young you start yes
that's rock your baby PNE ain't gonna
stop you see a medicine all the time
with the big slob give this baby that
we'll see in a while when babytard long
as it takes a bath three years old so
you do the math anything's possible
babytard front cover of jeans buns album
art yeah chris is hard that she's
fabulous life the song she's extravagant
she might get a bit hyper at times but I
guess that it runs in the family line
and sons are man for the funk and soul
souls go whenever the music says go yes
is all the time yeah you can some
command and a dancing your dreams in
across the land and we got two heads of
the house 1 was like line 1 squeaks like
a mouth with the love shine new computer
screen Jay Carl Katie net cat is a team
all right you guys we are here at baby
tarts last gymnastics class until the
summer session starts when we're not
gonna be here for the summer so this is
her last hurrah for gymnastics we might
get him something in LA for the summer
but I don't know it just depends on what
we can find but this is the last class
though she is being so cute this morning
we're going to California she's really
excited it's dorm belly
all right maybe it's hard how was your
last day of gym I saw Jim well
gymnastics okay I'm so sorry I got it
wrong how was your last day are you
going for for the dramatic effect you're
goofy she's goofy she was so silly today
I had to be really sneaky about filming
her in there because every time she saw
the cameras on she start going crazy and
wouldn't listen to the teacher so we had
to be tricky today she was a little
excited that was her last day of
gymnastics here of course we'll try to
get the kids into something when we get
to LA but it's gonna be fun you guys
we're going on to our next chapter of
our lives and it's always been exciting
every time you know I'm kind of like a
homebody I'm fine with standing in the
same place we've got everything settled
we're good a shade like what if we did
this and we did this and we did this and
we moved here a move over there and
every time that we've moved and I've
just said okay let's do it it will be
exciting it husband it's been such an
adventure and we've always every time we
take a risk it always pays off so I'm
excited for this next chapter in the
adventure of our lives are you excited
baby tarde stop sucking your thumb I are
you pretending to sleep you're gonna
have to try a little harder than that I
yeah you're cheating me to our vehicle
and juggle them okay what does that mean
goodbye goodbye see you later should we
go home stop paying yourself what do you
want to do I would be sleep hi bedtime
we're not gonna go home and sleep 10
home eat lunch and she you want to eat
Rock charts macaroni and cheese yeah
because it's really really really good
she loves the Velveeta macaroni and
cheese I bought some for rock hard I
bought some from rock try because he
loves cuz he likes micronian cheese what
kid doesn't like macaroni and cheese
anyway she loves that kind so let's go
have some velveeta mac and cheese you
guys che won't let me up Watergate you
love me because I have he gave me an
idea like that's a great idea things
like okay do it I'm like no it's for my
say she's are trying to steal ideas
that's how it is the you two in the
YouTube game now all these other
youtubers trying to steal your ideas one
other becomes ideas are mine that means
i got dumber when I married you good
thing you're beautiful I'm not oh by the
way we're on a date Thor solo oh man so
tell us about your bags there's oh
that's what you need come attached to
these subtle
and oh that's a nice summer accessory
this is a disaster so tell us about your
mommy bag and your date bag okay well
this one's gonna go up on the key that
channel so just pretend like i made a
video this week and watch the Shaytards
video so this is how to go on a date
tutorial right now go go get some eight
number one see this okay number one
number one I have to explain which backs
Hey look I have to next year's yeah are
you bringing both of those on the date
no I'm technically yes because they're
in the arbitrage anyway this bag looks
like you know that's nice oh so
fashionable yeah but you're parasail
 yeah it's a diaper pants the mommy
bag mommy back photographers I got a
shoe oh you might need a shoe on
tonight's date so ever know you know the
kids sunglasses Brandi showing me love
do that that freaking purse is like the
bottomless pit of never ever land once
I'm on guard had my camera and I was
trying to upload footage and I was like
look into that purse for eons I
literally I past like three starbucks in
that purse it or so it was it's crazy
just like never end it's like what's her
name that's a huge person Janis Joplin I
got I got the Sharpie I'll file Shia pot
note I'll never know silly putty silly
putty best okay so that's in your mommy
first so what does girls in the date
purse so if we're going on a date I'm
not gonna take all this stuff and even
though you have it even though I have it
in the car so you wanna have like a
little nurse okies oq it looks like it
should be on Sponge Bob Square that's
something that would be an expert that's
it like this already first and most
important thing to have on your date is
favorite lip gloss or chapstick oh if I
forgot my favorite chapstick or lip
gloss you have to go home if you don't
let's go we gotta go back home this date
is cancelled now
first thing then debit card so you won't
need it if he's a real now oh snap now
we know why she loves me it's all about
the money she gives money when nominee
turn balls she's a gold digger oh just
go nigga way over town not get your move
she get money when I need she gives me
money when i'm in need down get down get
down get down go on get down height
weight Oh next rule and how to go on a
nice mess with your 18 purses gum I
agree with that one right there God have
come if I've asked you any probably one
question more than any other question
when honey get a piece of gum yeah and
she always does bless her heart honey
years ago it's a no-brainer I love
having the gum and I feel like all girls
everywhere should have gum and chapstick
I feel like if I'm in the world anywhere
in any country I should be able to look
at a girl say can I go piece of gum and
she should have it I feel like all girls
should have at least gum and chapstick
and maybe like a hand sanitizer if
you're a real if you're a real woman
it's like we need to the women need to
be the carriers of these steps in our
society gum and chapstick you got any
any woman on the street and if she's a
real woman show up gum and chapstick and
maybe hand sanitizer and this does
always have to happen but well that get
out what do you up you got a match
matching bag bag and in your chapstick
gosh oh snap I can't even believe I
reminded you favorite lip gloss look the
mac everything matches oh you're so
adorable for anybody who doesn't give a
crap about this stuff go ahead and all
right we're here the movies what are we
gonna see we're gonna see um fast and
furious 1616 five that's five I'm
actually really excited to see this
movie excuse us I'm ty hi man worst spot
in the lot you look cute the shoes I
like your shoes
here we are going to the boobies so
sweet oh my gosh i start my these were
one of those purchases that I walked in
saw Matt like those are mine which
hardly ever happens mommy time takes 18
years to decide on one thing and she's
like you know what I just won't get it I
just get it let's just get it and go I'd
be like this hold still see the cute
little buckle oh it's a buckle I had
three I just spit on it you don't look
that ever nice but nice you're so nimble
oh not Jack be nimble
