alright it is a be a eautiful day today
it's supposed to be almost 70 degrees
and we're out here playing in our lush
green grass thundered what are you up to
dog do you love it
is it like your favorite thing to do of
all time if you're to rate the top 5
things that you like to do in your life
but would this be like number 2 or 3
what do you think where would it be on
the list 5 the last you hate it what hey
there's a woman up there oh yeah we are
gonna rent one huh
we will I totally don't we try to look
twice I got cancelled twice
that's stink maybe it's a sign oh great
now I just jinxed us I never mind there
was twice when we lived in LA there you
can go to Marina del Rey
and rent like a powerboat for like 200
bucks there's pretty good deals like 200
bucks for like four or five hours and
you could take our entire family on it
but twice we went to rent him the
weather was bad the waves are too big so
we couldn't anyway he's right here
mowing the lawn I have well it's gotten
a little taller than it should let's
just say that look at these little
continents that Malachi has left us jeez
why are we letting it grow oh right
we're afraid that the snake might be
here in this tall grass somewhere so
I've upped the level of terror and
decided not to wear any shoes while I
mow the lawn you know just to keep me on
my toes
yeah it's a smart idea no it's gone cuz
the snake could be curled up
I don't know cuz look snakes love tall
grass imagine laying in the bottom of
like that grass right there look not be
comfortable
imagine your big snake body curled up do
careful it makes me nervous I'm kind of
freaked out that I might run over the
snake and it's gonna like jump up like
latch onto my face is that a naked baby
I can't see him take this screen off and
put him out in the window hanging about
Lou endo did you just give him about
nice keep it Austin weird thanks for
doing that
give me five oh I'm gonna bless you I'm
gonna bite you
look who I
just saw on the road alright good
driving like a barber what are you doing
huh
nice nice glasses dog looking looking
pimpin I better not be real
is it really when did you get it shut up
let me see the back of your ear who did
it
does mom know does dad know yeah exactly
I'm calling dad right now I'm calling
him now I'm taking printed start to
gymnastics I figured dad would kill you
was it that's super cool I got my ear
pierced once actually in high school my
dad made me take it out I'm raising my
high school brother that's mature of me
right you ready for your last
cheerleading practice dude you've
learned so much remember when you first
started and you were afraid to do a
backflip and now you can do one do you
remember remember what I told you I said
don't be scared just keep practicing and
pretty soon you'll be able to do it do
you remember me saying that I have a
very wise daddy aren't I and now you can
do it are you scared to do it anymore
alright cuz you learned that's how life
works you got to work hard at something
even though you're afraid of it you
can't do it at first if you just take
time and you're patient and you keep
working on it eventually you'll do it
and you won't be afraid of it anymore
it's not cool
I'm proud of you that's really cool you
can do backflips I don't know you you're
still too sure I think you need to be in
that booster seat if you're eight you
can go in there it doesn't really matter
how old you are it matters how big you
are
it's the size of your body because the
seat belt needs to fit across your
shoulder like that so if you're tall
enough for it to sit across your
shoulder oh my gosh
sometimes just wonder if your kids
listen to anything okay I'm turning it
up Khmer I forgot really important hurry
fast run hey listen I want to tell you
something I love you okay bye work hard
your last gymnastics make it count okay
today is princess tarts last gymnastics
class for the summer because they're
about to get out of school next week
exciting and they're gonna have nothing
to do but sleep in and watch cartoons
all day long I think even during the
summer we're gonna try to get her in a
gymnastics class in California because I
don't want to lose what she's learned
already I wanna let you know make sure
she retains the knowledge it's mostly
muscle memory once you've learned once
you've done a backflip enough I feel
like I can do a backflip for the rest of
my life I just had you know good enough
trampoline but you learn how to do it
it's not hard it's it's really easy
actually that might seem hard once you
get over the initial fear of flipping
and you know making your body flip it's
not hard at all really what is this
gymnastics tips with shaycarl I'm gonna
start as a 17th channel called gymnastic
start well I'll just give them tips and
pointers on doing calisthenics of
gymnastics and back books and stuff do
is you're like on my note track I love
it I just went and had it washed it's
kind of pathetic I basically just go out
in the garage at night you know around
2:00 3:00 in the morning and I just
stare at it I'm like I better go get
that wash tomorrow I think I see a few
little uh water spots on it but I go get
it clean so I've had it washed by like
five times since I've had it I love it
all right goodbye you look nice I got
you all clean I hope you sleep well
okay I'm tucking you in now I love you
okay you be nice to your brother good
night sleep tight guys wait wait wait
wait don't tell me I want to guess I
think everybody in the comments gasps I
think what did I say before what did I
say before I said three feet two inches
I'm gonna stand by that
okay later shakey three feet two inches
oh look 3:38 way scoot over scoot over
dude I think I got it on the dot three
and Jude three inches look at Sara Lee I
was within an inch that's pretty good
hey she's three three
hey three foot three hi I'm three foot
three that's three foot three want to
call you three for three from now on hey
what's under what how tall are you all
right on the way by the way I own a
guess he's gonna be four foot four four
foot four I don't know stand up straight
young man stand up like a tall man a
tall fast ugly manly man that you are
he has four feet right scoot over I
can't get it right behind him hey scoot
up oh my goodness is this the first time
can I lean back go straight up your
heels have to be against the wall what
is this rocket science what is this Stan
put your pick I just turn the light on
with his head oh hey oho what is it okay
that's work that's right here four foot
four dude that's the four inch a little
under you're like for three and a half
coming out of South Eastern I know he's
four foot three inches tall it's sword
or I don't think I don't think I was
four foot four inches of Tom's in ninth
grade
what what are you doing get your butt
out here I can see you get out here
young lady
hi baby tard how are you what are you
guys doing oh hi
Hey I need that weed eater dawg I need
you to eat my weeds go get it and bring
it out here no I got I was the part that
I was most afraid I was right there Oh a
tumble just occurred
I heard a head hit Terra Firma the all
right Cooper it's time for my revenge
sucka
get up Cooper get him yeah let him have
it
no mercy oh my goodness gracious
ladies and gentlemen we're witnessing a
killer hey little monster oh no the real
monsters just arrived on scene oh he
goes down in the fury Oh
knee to the kidney all elbow to the face
this is some serious wrestling ladies
and gentlemen should I stop it are their
lives in danger in danger and now for
the remove the extension cord from off
the deck dance it is mummy Todd Ton Ton
Ton Ton does fail or let stuck on don't
and enter and you got it off still
everyone a blog crowd goes wild mommy
taught the beautiful has once again town
hall extension called dance my my
accidentally like four different ways it
was like no you
mommy tired edition I'll cut it before
so it looked like it was like really
funny and cool sure you know cuz I'm
gonna did that's what I do I make you
look cotton editing follow my you guys
she's been drinking again please explain
that you don't do illicit drugs I don't
you're just a happy person I'm happy
person how dare you you and you and you
I know what you're thinking it get over
there and we'd that garden hello my
honey hello my darling hello my ragtime
gal send me I guess my why baby my hot
top five yeah honey you lose me I
obviously forgot the words cuz I'm an
idiot
but you still look odd yeah holder if
our neighbors are sitting on their
sunglasses like twelve feet tall
alright he'll get your text message we
can't stop them the Avalanche continues
oh it's a Disney Avalanche whoa are you
about to go off the Avalanche paths whoa
now run those snap there's me bonked
heads I'm sure of it so me and mommy
Turner I heard talking and all sudden
all these kids come running out here and
just start rolling down the hill like it
was like a plan
flash mob or something yeah jinx
technically you're a pro to me candy bar
hey mommy tired your flowerpots look
amazing
hey mommy turn your face looks amazing
do you guys like my safety glasses these
are thanks mommy tardes
collection no these are mommy tarts
eagle-eyes they are also saving my
eyeballs it's summertime even though it
is a little blustery right now look at
all the kids we're all eating pizza out
on the deck we're having a blast I just
remember being in school and knowing
that you have like five or six days of
school left but you didn't care because
you knew summer was here just smell it
in the air you just knew that you're
gonna hang out your friends you have to
do homework what do these guys you know
it's summertime
I guess so pumped no school excited
there is nothing like summer than a race
in the backyard with your cousin and
your brothers and your sisters do not go
until I say you have to keep touching
the fence first one to me wins are you
ready on your marks not yet nope I have
to say go go back giver on your marks
get set go
go go go Cooper you had a dude I know
you worked hard in the offseason all
right race number to modify well
sometimes life isn't fair but sometimes
happiness is fair I don't know maybe
maybe he's just spoiled no there was a
madman on the loose in our backyard
everybody run to the towers hide watch
it hide your women and children
he is a vicious woman he's on the attack
I will murder all the babies where I
come through the woods dude Tokyo Drift
malachite art-style Oh third you know me
I just sometimes I'd like to just get
out and run climb up okay are you like
so noble dude you look so noble running
through those trees can you imagine him
in the 1700's pretend we're in Germany
maybe an English town scape and he's
chasing the wild boars that's what they
were bred to do
that's what Great Danes were bred to do
is to chase down wild boars yeah why
don't you chase down some snakes you
haven't caught any wild boars your
entire life but I guess he has a perfect
record we have had zero wild boars in
our backyard
please Battin he's been 400 or whatever
perfect is I'm too dumb to know he's
riding your motorcycle then hey Dad I'm
having the time of my life I hope you
know I love you I love princess cards
you know wheat pickin outfit look like
you're an authority on picking weeds I'm
not gonna lie lookin good you guys
already man that was quick look press
Bolivia so yet for babies
never mind ha ha ha ha the day has come
latch that baby down there yeah oh the
day has come
are you kidding me don't go too fast
dude go straight oh well maybe they
haven't totally come cuz he missed
walking
he's gone oh you getting bogged down
this is a monument this event you know
what that means
that means I find a son is old enough to
mow grass this could be some of my last
knowing days ever I have mowed thousands
of yards in my life growing up I did it
for the summer every summer my parents
mine you know like eight years we've
been married now that I finally have a
son that can do it are you kidding me
my life is about to take on a lot a lot
more luxury yes absolutely I agree to
everything you just said you guys why
don't you wanna have kids it's awesome
all right sounds good
look at that this is generation stuff
mommy tired these are two sentence can
you believe it
these are the two men that are gonna
pass on our family name these are your
boys so your boys you guys love your
mommy
we're brothers till the end brothers for
life for life Oh son Todd you're getting
so big you're mowing the lawn you're
holding well you've held your brother
for a long time you big stud muffin you
big stud muffin hey I read the comments
his name should be the Leaning Tower of
Pisa he's like I don't care if I can
bear if I just barely learn to walk I'm
gonna try to sprint down a tile hallway
that would be a good idea you what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna try to climb up these
stairs backwards I've only had two boys
but with boys especially as soon as they
start walking from the time they're
walking till about four years old
they've always got a scratch oh there's
a scratch a bruise an artery is open
there
yeah we luckily none of our kids that we
had to have castes sonoran had to have
stitches right here right here on his
eye that was a nightmare we should tell
you that story sometime see right there
you remember that dude remember yeah you
don't remember it I can only imagine
what this looks like
wait well the reason we're laughing if
it isn't just like way apparently
obvious is that the batteries died on
the camera and I was like oh no that's
like the worst side and now it looks
like SunGard listen this is your time if
you want to give a shout-out to the
world and say please help me my father
shaycarl beats me that was your chance
okay so tell us what happened right
we're at a park you ran you fell in the
rocks cuz me okay so here's what
happened is we were like alright let's
go we're running back to the car and so
of course the kids like run so son cards
running run run run and there's these
lava rocks where they call they're like
there's all these rockers they're like
lava rock there's like all these rocks
they're like this natural kind of like
you know setting or anyways so he's
running he trips God planned it for to
look like a natural setting well it's
almost like it what I meant to say is
like it's a natural park these rocks are
there and they're not like they're not
like toys no you know what shut your
mouth woman anyway you know I'm gonna
beat you I'm gonna be everybody he's
running to the van he trips and he
smacked his head on one of these rocks
and he jumps up like oh crap what just
happened like whoa am I in trouble
and there's
this blood just pouring down his face
even if yeah even if it's a small head
injury they bleed a lot more and there's
just blood and he's like what and we're
like screaming Sarge are you okay we're
like running at him like we're about to
murder him like we're gonna attack him
like Braveheart running out down the
battlefield and then did you see the
blood after that you don't remember it I
think oh listen
did we wrap something around his head
what are we read anyways as soon as I
don't I don't know why you don't there
was a lot of one but we like this soon
as I grabbed him I think right as you
see it I knew I was like he's gonna need
stitches
yeah we're telling a gruesome story here
there's no smiles allowed this is when
some part got stitches and you're
thinking it's funny I go I love my
brother he's such a punk anyway he's way
to take sent already got stitches and a
momentous time I don't like what guys
are gross so seriously just I would just
like would you just please reiterate
that we do not be changing my diapers
you know and this is for cleaning out my
ears you know I hate that and this is
the sour milk
