pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie let in
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all events and if
you don't know I'm gonna tell you like
this like this like son's heart got all
the girls on them
god I'm wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock part
I see you starting to watch hit that
stanky leg then he hit the drop prison
start where you whack girlfriends back
handspring it's a perfect ten huh yeah
you know they PDF 52 years then and he's
on two three we're ready for a video so
let it be clear hey I'm about to show
the family this new intro that we
uploaded yesterday I'm gonna use so I
just used it today again I think this is
in the future so I don't know what will
happen between now and then anyways I'm
about to show them this intro for the
first time I think they're gonna like it
you always ready the cutest kids like
this Oh dog got all the girls on at work
baby girl swag dad
you girlfriend back answering it the
perfect tent all year three keith
blogging here what do you guys think you
guys like that what do you think baby
tired that's sweet
quick start what's your uh consensus sir
do you like it you what are you doing
yeah we should that really hurt hey huh
that's a big commitment you guys hey are
you the child abuse child abuse she
drops you think that's gonna hug you
think that's gonna get you with must
child abuse oh I don't think so
excuse me sir are you trying to take
over my job there alright I'm logged in
here if you're getting a horrible
footage right now yeah that is bad
footage there's there's nothing cool to
see what you're filming it's lame dude
your light your Lighting's all off
you're not holding their riot it's anti
directional antenna action what does
that mean I'm trying to make up film
terms like I'm like I know what I'm
talking about oh hey hey hey listen
Cinderella and her ugly stepsister
I know you guys were interrupting him
he's like quite upset quite outside I'm
making a video than YouTube hooligans
come walking in tramp Singh in what Oh
poor Cinderella but she can't put the
Blake it away life is so hard
Cinderella baby I get with the blankets
in its canister
all right you but bug truce let's go eat
dinner is it dinnertime yet it's not hey
anyways guys come on here let's go here
in vlog some more Oh your big wicked
stepsisters come in and still the camera
they took it go get it dude you go get
it dude it's your over they come old
snap this is not listen big sisters you
are not being fair to your younger
brother hair that was his camera and you
stole it from him and then you knocked
him on his butt he is your younger
sibling
baby tired are you really gonna oh honey
that you're right baby turned his
jealous of the bit of the new baby in
the house she's the shin she's that
she's to Sheena oh snap
that's cheese daddy is losing his temper
oh look now she's vlogging seat no she's
blogging what do you vlogging are the
lights reading is really fun
see hey no no let's not filming you guys
they're little loggers hmm get my camera
back seriously though guys thank you
well that's mine please give it to I had
at first I mean a would've little curly
oh snap dude that's how you get stitches
in your head trip right next to door
jambs
that's not cool bro not cool at all yeah
well you're getting
14 our knees suspension off your feet
Buckman he doesn't listen he's young and
reckless young and reckless thank you
you're doing that hey hey
that looked like I move from Swan like
what second from sunlight hard work okay
partly are you ready to rock and roll it
back to the eyes my dance your way wait
wait wait
you brought a cup of ice to the gym with
you that is addiction that's good keeps
you cool on your count I bought you some
iron pills today though did you guys
know that if you're craving ice like
chewing on ice usually means you're low
on iron so go get some iron pills and
stop ruining your teeth they're fine as
they fall out of your face
there we go
I sure miss Shay was she was here hey do
you think my bum look shabby in these
short what let my butt does it look bad
in these shorts yeah definitely but not
as big as mine mine's you mungus you
know how big it is
he knows seriously yours is gigantic
okay let's shake our big fat butts here
we go yeah
it's a momentous night you guys this is
how you know the summer is starting what
I know it's not dark yet that's why we
know it's summertime it's 8:45 what time
is it honey anyways it doesn't even
matter because listen you guys been
being little butt heads in the morning
we have to get up to go to school oh
she's want to stay up late
well it means you're honoring anyways
and you guys are hard to get up on
you're staying up till 10 o'clock
because you got cool internet parents
they let you watch TV until 10 o'clock
at night well no more it's 8:35 I just
tracked the clock and it's time for your
bed I don't care if the Sun has decided
not to set yet your faces are being
scented right now no time for tea baby
tarde just a quick sip father thank you
mmm no I feel welcome ready to go to
sleep sleep alright good night you guys
thank you tonight oh yeah there's a
sponge huh there's a sponge it goes
right there oh this guy that's beautiful
I think it's in the closet
no I thought it wasn't in this in the
closet
did they move it what's the sponge
remote from the closet
it appears sour honey the sponge has
been removed from the closet then we'll
have to go find it elsewhere I love you
all right let's make
