pretty pretty pretty darn precious what
it is Katie letting shaycarl got the
cutest kids and maybe up on YouTube
making all events and if you don't know
i'ma tell you like this like this like
son tart got all the girls on them got
him wondering how do you get so handsome
okay and baby turn she got that baby
girl swag she can get a little crazy
just like her dad what a rock tart I see
you starting the walk hit that snaky leg
then he hit the driver prison start
where you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect 10 huh yeah
you know they PDF EP two years then and
he's on two three we're ready for a
video so let it be clear
hey he's buggy come here baby
come here oh come on stink bug single
stand-up come here
come on come on you reminds me of ET
when he loves I did when you got in your
mouth there come here let's see if you
can turn around come on dude Rock chart
come on oh come on look at him he's
cruising oh yeah ad sidetracked I look
at the TV career akhtar come here dude
hurry clubs Oh head down you got some in
your mouth is making your head too heavy
making your head too heavy
what's matter look at you walking
his honors stage right cuz baby or are
you on stage right now are you doing a
show Hey Oh beautiful is that your
backup dancer princess are you sound
just like Katy Perry you're a good
performer dude yeah I was a great stage
performance you had a great backup
dancer baby tarts do an amazing work
back there now let's see let's hear the
Taylor Swift I'll come out there and
we'll see it so I'm sitting here trying
to edit my vlog and I just hear what
sounds to me kind of like screaming
because I'm not really paying attention
I'm editing I'm like what is that noise
so I go to yell at princess tower to
tell her to shut her mouth for two
seconds and I realized that she's doing
a stage performance out here of Taylor
Swift I'm like instead of editing the
vlog why don't I get some of this
footage because it's pretty hilarious I
think we have a little performer on our
hands indeed I think you're getting good
at those nice okay let's hear it let's
see her from the top of the performance
come on good job girls
okay go get on your stage get on your
stage and see your performance ready
three two one go are you shining out
there's a camera okay let's see you do
it maybe tard
that you've been looking for there hey
the stage is up here where you going you
see the snake in there watch out for the
snake okay you guys live in there
princess screams is that grass wet hey
is that grass wet I'm gonna try to lock
mow the lawn today
so what hopefully the Sun will dry it
out soon then even open up not suppose
do turn on out here let's go let's go
what's going on let's watch Wow nice
good job oh we will
he'll see us trust me
nice job yeah good job honey
well house I know it's awesome prints
start is already driving and talking on
her cell phone she's not going to be
able to live in LA she she had to call
her dad because she did a backflip on
the Tramp for the first time without
using your hands
that's a hard say hey to dad for me tell
him that you're driving and talking on
the phone it's against the law in LA let
me eat your coat is it good
listen they have to see him walk he is a
cruiser now he has no problems anymore
God forgive me don't worry baby boy oh
here we go
you're a regular old Walker now pretty
soon you'll be running marathons what
slow like mom now that you're filming I
can't do it
did you bring give us a present first up
I've on the barbie I think a little dog
a little dog what she wants to get that
stake and put in the oven and even like
snake bread that's new baby - I'm cynic
Fred you're here at geckos birthday
party and rock card has a new best
friend I think he stole my best friend
that's not nice he has watermelon is
that the best ever he is going to town
on that watermelon a new sleeping but
you got it down what was your strategy
well the drips left his elbows under the
grass I was like you just hold him over
so that it's good something about
getting on his toes Oh dad all right
another we need another three sitting
down there to look at all the juice hey
he's being resourceful you gotta be
resourceful cuz thinking resourcefully
let's not waste it here let's flip it
flip it and wrap up e that's what we
need Oh easy
what do you think about that
I don't know but I let me think about
that one I'd say no to new Pete Rock
turd what you guys doing
are you eating dirt you went from
watermelon to dirt isn't that kind of a
step backwards I think it is plus you're
sitting on the flowers can your caveman
come on come on let's go oh you're
eating rocks
that's even better rocks dirt watermelon
it all comes from the earth yeah yeah
hey rock hard Oh Rock tards eating on
the run boats those big beans
doesn't want the baked beans he's more
interested in walking all right we're
having a little barbecue little bit bite
kill you don't sign up like a real hot
dog Vic which one it split time sounds
deflect it so how's baby cute I know me
a barbecue you know cucumbers are just
cucumbers so my parents are here they've
already started taking over our house
mom do not be him Matt you that's bad
for you you stink I'm a hot dog
I'm just getting my private it I'd give
him like seven the only if mommy card
didn't catch me quit feeding the food to
the dog chain so are you excited to move
into our house this summer mom where
what room are you gonna take Logan this
room isn't your bedroom just right here
you should just take our room you take
the master just call it you should call
them for Mama done hey my room if you
want the pink one you get the girl's
room so yeah when we moved from cornea
you at the boys room you're gonna move
into son tart and rock card room Oh get
your own wing of the house nice
we moved to California this summer these
guys are moving into our house like a
rock guard you don't care about nothing
in life he's got places to go people to
see excuse me I'm going to look at
things just checking out the kitchen I'm
not even 1 years old yet I'm practically
in the Olympics he just slap high funkin
there he goes go walk underneath the
mouth i crawl underneath them as a
bridge it's the truth camera which one
of our kids loves the taste always crawl
underneath Malecha was her don't bonk
his head on the towel what are you doing
are you trying to pin him this is an MMA
match oh great you're not even 1 years
old and you get a tickle it held down by
your big sister I get tickled to death
he's a monkey likes it ok hey you don't
like a tickle torture a Sun tart where
were you just at wait a minute that
ketchup on your head
is that his hair dye dude you missed
your hot dog it's a third your head that
from your dance recital still let me see
that what is this
the new stuff so you're practicing for a
dance recital at Carly's work huh and
Carly's teaching a new dance and
assembly
so Morgan coos whose true poonam poster
all right
do not forget we got the new champion
troll bull ridin yeah ohh ohh
I don't like being in the rodeo there's
such a good boy
he just lays there and takes it get off
the dog all right now okay go get a hot
dog come on guy let's go guys get off
him get off him get off him
guy come on hello freedom freedom
freedom time to the hot dog that was a
good boy
hi Erick
are you excited have you had too much
candy young lady I haven't had any yet
you saw tired silver champion what one
fountain Stranger Tides and changing
eyes
what do you think about it did you like
it it was awesome was your favorite
partner my favorite part was when the
mermaids you like the mermaids nobody
thought they were cute no cuz they came
after them how they chased him you
thought I was cool part you know what
that reminded me of if you guys have
seen tired to the Caribbean the new
movie what was that dolphin movie we're
seeing it well remember the cove the
cove it was that independent film and
won an Academy Award the way that they
depicted the Pirates pushing those
mermaids into that Cove is the exact
same way that they really push dolphins
into a Cove to take them and I eat up to
their meat and stuff good movie exciting
it's good Johnny Depp movie you guys
like oh good those exciting it was fun
big action you think after so many be
like another pirate movie but the
yeah the sets alone they're just amazing
like you know the blue water and that
and then Captain Blackbeard's boat I
would like to dried what I wanted made
me want to be a pirate
I've ran saw the buzz like I could be a
pirate get a cool boat like that plus
captain Blackbeard is pardon my language
a bad a mother effer
what that's probably not he used top i
liked black bears right and when he
first came out his beard was like on
fire I'm like are they gonna keep doing
that the entire movie wish they didn't
but I was like he's like he was so tough
that his bearded dreadlocks were on fire
like it was pretty good movie you don't
notice that it's like they're like the
end of a more like like coals or
something anyways you like this entered
yeah it's a good movie huh we don't
bring the girls cuz we thought might be
a little too scary for too much a little
bit too much will suffice
yes it's pretty scary yeah too scary for
you monetary nightmares for me
I'll hold shoes I'm the luck beardy
mermaid I'm luckier demur man I will I
will world your fear in the night mama
dog steve brushes and all right ye
scallywags scrub the barnacles from off
your teeth hit the brush today Hayley
scallywag back on the deck back on the
deck you scallywags we have a mutiny
above and among us scrub them article
from up geeky ah my first mate come on
in here wonder what ye yeah was it on
keep brushing dude no rush come on I'm
the black get in here you're you're the
swab deck Butthead after the ER she
mutiny yes I got you by the gills a bye
I got you by the Jews have I rush some
articles from up them teeth
I'm the dreaded black period what was I
Merman uh-huh black beard another manner
you forgot y'all the kids to brush their
teeth and all's you hope is that they
get started that this is a part of the
brush too fresh TV I can't talk the
teeth brush you want mom and dad have to
come in and make sure there's a final
overview of the cleanliness push it
soldier Road oh right out on the floor
numb skull face and then a dream come on
you know the routine
hey short legs get a stool and get up
there I can't reach daddy the Fountain
of Youth is too high in the sky don't in
too
don't enter the day Larry the dart lives
on Hello Baby Talk oh I know you're the
queen of the sea I'm the dreaded black
beard
Mermaid Man where is the pearl oh where
have you put in the pearl baby tada see
if that won't tell me I will cut vine
years from off thy head
report to me now baby tar the sea where
is the black I'm Mike Tyson you have the
Black Pearl weeks you have no no joke
all right next up uh principal bedouins
knock-knock jokes on the streetcars all
right here we go what wait what you're
supposed to say who's there part you say
knock knock and then we say who's there
it's a it's an audience participation
joke
okay what who's there oh now someone
just got thrown under the bus
Sonia you be sucking your thumb we'd be
going watching pirates the Caribbean for
is this the information I'm supposed to
extrapolate I made a statement ten times
you know the punishment Hindu buy your
meals from the towel hooks this is your
punishment or sucking your thumb ten
times you'll be hanging from the gallows
and how the Sun rises on the third
morning how about how about you want to
bite my thumb off yeah you want to buy
my thumb off huh
maybe you're craving for thumbs this is
the thumb ball thumbs - try it
bite it harder sure it's like when you
catch your kid smoking the cigarette you
make them smoke the entire pack however
does that happen to you you know all the
time as a parent no that's like the
first thing they teach you as a parent
you get your kid smoke and you make them
smoke the entire pack you'll leave my
thumb okay jump up hey guys check it's
wrap it up here let's go
