excuse me well I touch the sky
lacunae is what mr. Arturo drinking a
soy lettuce is a soy that's the real
deal
that a blueberry it's I have no idea
yeah they mean for breakfast see where
the guy in the blue t-shirt is was right
there at that table that was filmed he
just got me filming a movie
delicious I just got footage he was
eating your milkshake we're talking
about what's going on Hoss and Elise
they're adorable honks watch face oh
thank you just seems jealous she's doing
business deals I don't want all that
stuff sore sitting here at the table and
the other snot didn't never spit a spit
ball I think I've done one what
so I was joking to there cuz she shot
one and it was pathetic and Arturo was
like that was pretty lame there was no
authority on that spit ball in size like
I was like come on I'll help you and I
opened my mouth she shot a spit ball
they hit me in the tonsils immediately I
was like it hit me my tonsil is that
your tonsil what's the thing langsdale
oh you be like yeah it's a UV I never do
oh I'm a lawyer but I don't know simple
terms of biology and then we have lunch
it was delicious
I'm ray william johnson what up who's
looking the thinner well you never
really see ray from what do you lost 25
pounds 23 pounds o count that's crazy
and that's gonna show up in your vlog i
noticed that why do you look in stealth
dieting and working out okay guys check
this out i wanna it's the rate art shown
right take it away that's your stuff so
so you guys can't see it but there's
like a monopod it's a it's like a little
pole it's it just like a stick tripod
and you can put the can see you say it
oh yeah that looks yeah you could put
the camera on it that looks great really
say they just follow you around
anyways hanging out yo me and Shay Carl
we're just chilling vlogs and he's
driving for me from behind it's a good
time and I'm about to throw up that is
cool I like that cuz I remember when you
had it when it was like really high yeah
yeah it's part of the stick is broken
off yeah what happened yeah it just got
old I just overused it you did a
backflip are you okay did you break any
bones or did you do it and you did it
fine
Qasim's talking to print to start and
I'm so proud of you
your father is being obnoxious but I'm
so proud of you I don't know how how
you're doing so well in life at this man
watching ohmmeter I just called and it
was princess started she's like dad like
hey do I talk to
like yeah okay um they've been talking
like 45 minutes
in a parking garage finish that sentence
cats in the parking yeah in the parking
garage
Kassem loves my new rental car buckle up
for safety lot kits I gotta be able to
Hey but I'll be back around 12:30 kay
thank care I don't know why he's doing
so the last three nights I've been
staying in this hotel every night that I
come home she's always there like
watching the door one night I came home
and it was late and I was walking and
they locked the door at a certain time
you know I mean it's an automatic door
so you just walk and it opens and a
certain time they locked the door and I
didn't know this so I was like kind of
like you know walking into the hotel
like walk up to the door you know like
you're walking briskly and I thought it
was gonna open that it didn't and I
slammed into it with my head I felt like
an idiot and the dude of the front desk
jumped like he thought something was
like trying to break the door so because
my head like smashed against it I'm like
I'm sorry I just I thought the door was
gonna open is like oh sorry yeah we
locked it after midnight or whatever it
is anyway so I keep seeing that girl
every night I come home and I've always
been earlier today when you when you
came by you you were walking and you saw
her and then you would you do - you did
something you said something like you're
whatever you know she's like that guy
gets it this dude's a retard he why is
he always talking and you're like oh I'm
not I'm sorry for my buddy
it's late and we've decided that it was
a good idea to put Shay's hand on the
dartboard here's the reason Kassim has
become a Robin Hood of darts he is
I don't know Mademoiselle invented in
the middle so I listen you're not gonna
do it hard it's not that big with you I
said I want to see what if you can miss
my hand and put my head here and you
have to try to miss it right you're
gonna hit it no I'm not yeah I'm not
good at darts I don't this is not a good
idea Robin this lock oh I love it
yeah so with our cocoa alright somebody
hold this camera you promised that if
throw hard I'm not gonna throw hard I'll
give you an example
Fred yeah that's gonna be an enemy like
this but it will be it'll be higher here
we go it's like when I get shot in my
arm I have to watch the needle it's more
intensive if I look away like the
anticipation of it hitting me so I have
to watch it whether it's me getting
shots or small my best friends hanging
out with my best friend throwing darts
at my hand
he is eating vegetable soup and this cup
is supposed to be see it's like a
suction cup in the bag supposed to
suction to the left and ha it's supposed
to suction to the little tray but it's
not he always ends up throwing this food
all over the kitchen which is clean by
the way yeah there's my flowers or our
flowers I guess are the family flowers
from Dave Ramsey they're beautiful
you're doing homework well how much you
have you want to tell everybody what
you're getting ready for well that time
what are what have we been getting ready
for all day though we went you went to
practice we tried on your costumes for
okay it's working the batteries just
quit on then dog charge about ready to
quit out - what okay well ex late make
up grandma's make up she's having fun
hey little Tardos you guys sad because
dad's not here
baby char what's your favorite thing to
do besides sucking your thumb reading a
book but bubbles by Mercer Mayer excited
stop sucking your thumb huh you don't
want to be on camera right now
okay yes we're getting gas in the old
rental car because that saves money if
you fill up your gas before you take it
back it's not like well it's getting
close I think it's the charge of you
like $5 a gallon if they fill it up here
it's 419 Wow 419 a gallon that's what
I'm paying right now well I'm headed
back to Idaho I'm about to take the
rental car back and go get on my
aeroplane I'm excited guys guess what I
just got an email from Delta informing
me that because I'm a silver medallion
member and there's space on the plane
that I will be Curtis Lee upgraded to
first class
yes alrighty then so I got everything
done that I came here to California to
do I found us a place yes all should you
guys some pictures of it maybe later but
yeah I found us the place I'm the lease
and then I film that thing with Smosh
those are the two main things I came
here to do and then I was had a few
meetings and maker studios about
upcoming ideas that we have for some
webseries there's a good trip now I'm
headed back I'm gonna I'm rushing back
really I gotta bring it back because son
cards dance recital starts at 6:30
tonight and I land at like 550 so I'm
gonna be cutting it close
hey let me see your family she's gonna
do that are you gonna do get out there
better go backstage
go get ready in advance there they go
she's sagging it she likes a second
all righty here he is mr. dance king
himself hey I'm gonna do a little talk
over this because of copyright I'm not
really supposed to be using this music
but I want to show you guys his whole
entire dance so I kind of just turned
the music down and I'm gonna talk over
it
so we can kind of mask it so I'm not
using it he loved it man he worked hard
and I remember I three weeks ago and I
went to one of his practices I noticed
that he was looking at the girls a lot
like to get what they're doing yeah if
you ever been in a dance recital you
cannot use your neighbor like what's the
next move oh the knee thing and then oh
yeah we gonna do this thing anyway so I
told them I said dude you got to make
sure that you learn this dance good
enough so you don't have to look at the
other kids around you like you want to
get this down so we actually contacted
the teacher or she contacted us and he
went to her house and practiced a few
times so he loves dancing I think when
we moved to California we'll definitely
get him into some more little classes
and his favorite parts coming up here
pretty soon
check this out all the ladies babe Atika
look at his smile he loves it what an
entertainer
hey when it flowers you got there why'd
you get flowers right because you guys
did a good job of your dance recital and
you got some glasses dude you did sweet
man I was impressed
Jeff fun what do you guys think was that
a fun dance recital producer all right
here are two ladies they just finished
their dance recital how do you think you
did those are beautiful did you have fun
was it fun gonna do some more dancing in
the future
go there those flowers are gorgeous
would you guys like them do you think
they did a good job you picked the
flowers own you must be gonna grow up to
be a florist huh oh good what are you
doing eating all the licorice oil curl
I'm just eating all the nibs raise your
hand if you like candy what did you guys
order for dinner videos listen I told
you you need to stop drinking they're
gonna card you hey what'd you guys get
for dinner
you both got chicken nuggets oh wow a
bunch of chicken would you get dinner
chicken are you chicken nuggets she's
looking at you like oh yeah
