so you are not watching the shades are
gorgeous if now he lacks following
walking to the same shape as to the
things he does for the deal family and
just because he begins life on live in
you you got a friend let's hold for -
I'm ready for a baby also let it be
clear right use login here are you ready
really
it's beautiful morning 2015 welcome to
another Glory's yeah
it is a beautiful day the sun is shining
and it is time for lawn mowing good
morning to the people in the valley that
are jumping high does not even planned
get your hat some gloves on come on
we're gonna go feed the cows let's go
come on guys I am wearing makeup so you
know that means no that means means my
faces are G I love it okay I am now a
Billy Mays slash iron man what will
people think who cares what people do
I'm chubby beaver who cares what other
people think I almost ruined the whole
vide yells close all right how are you
guys today we are doing great because
it's sunny they bring back a lot of fond
memories of my childhood playing out
song getting closer getting closer to
nap time guess what guys I will come at
4:40 in the morning what are you doing
in here you doing a heck of a job I sit
down at my computer to see I'm a pretty
pretty princess why are you wearing a
pink bracelet bro cuz I'm a pretty
pretty princess your problem with that
don't forget that part it's a new dad oh
my bad gotta keep up on the ones sock
styles I guess you're ready to learn how
to fill up a gas tank oh snap don't lie
to me your teacher ass and you said that
yes what'd you say and then she's like
why why is that one your favorite why is
that it smells good too
does it smell good has little flowers on
it let me see you ready uh-huh
hold on hold on Merlin ready one two
three
boom Shakalaka if you are in uniform
please slow if you are close
ready beginning because he's a pretty
pretty princess it shows your bracelet
you have done so far princess hard are
you ready
no why not
so we're secret Asia all the people know
or let them know it no not everybody
will say yeah just a few here just some
people will see hey did you throw fit
because you didn't get a kick the ball
nice my legs four times it's just nice
see reality all right what are you
getting what are you gonna get can you
get it in there yeah he's smarter than
the gumball machine if you want a
gumball baby card we own our van we like
it oh you met you kissing your sister
what do you think babies are do you like
to be like the video baby shark
I have half of it or you need all of it
can I have half of it you bite it happy
gimme have don't hurt your teeth tell
the camera
credit cards are bad it's a cool family
oh hi guys today I'm gonna teach you
some steps so fast are you gonna jump
like those those BMX bikers yeah very i
was launched baby boy yeah good night he
has wings also to bidding wings doctor
got the all you need wings yeah good now
you're just somebody that i used to know
somebody just dude you're the coolest
superhero with a bunny
i've ever seen you've got muscles and a
bunny he wasn't good yeah oh I like it
oh dang okay you have to hold on really
tight I've never played with this weird
contraption before okay you ready hold
on tight are you holding on tight yeah
mighty sky hold on got a hang onto your
teeth we I think we have a star on our
hands
is that what you do with that be good to
each other oh the sun is shining the
babies are blaze SleepPhones you ready
to go
I'm gonna go take a nap wow he's ready
exactly oh and doc sim gave himself a
ranch a ranch hairdo
that's wrenched resting in his hair okay
kiddies
who's hungry I think I'm just gonna go
ahead and move now
that's price less person hey where you
been stinky yeah you've been rolling in
the cows poop see keel somebody found a
safer place to sleep good morning Larry
good morning Dave we own our van
I sit down my computer to see but you
have done so far today it's just nice
see reality it's just a cool family be
good to each other
I'm so tired
the people
ah feels a lot better to clean it when I
own it I'm cleaning my own fan wasn't oh
geez alright we're done you guys ever do
the non spot rinse I always think that's
a hoax I never know if I should do it or
not it's like the one that just barely
comes out $2 okay we're good so if you
can't tell we paid off the van the van
is now ours
we own it so how much I want to really
go into it right now but how should I
say this
um a majority a huge part a huge aspect
of the secret to my happiness as an
individual is by not owing anybody any
money and it's it's for many many
different reasons one if you believe in
the Bible or not if you believe in God
or not there's a scripture in the Bible
that says the debtor is slave to the
lender now that's just good advice I
don't care who you believe in if you
believe in a guy with twenty arms it's
blue or whatever if you owe money to
somebody you're basically their slave
and I feel like that anytime I like that
guy that was just in the place that I
paid off the van I like just didn't like
that guy and he never did anything to me
he was a nice guy but I just didn't like
him because it's like he's my master
like he controls me he had the keys to
the van in their office and in my truck
to hold this collateral so that's one
thing that has enabled me to do some of
the things I love like go after my dream
like be a radio DJ and make videos on
YouTube is that we haven't had any debt
so I haven't had to like really get a
real job because we haven't had any debt
so we haven't really had any that many
payments so anyways I'm really proud of
you a lot of you guys complimented pay
off the van I was surprised actually I'm
surprised how many of you said pay off
the van hatha van and that was what I
was gonna do all along no matter what
you guys said but I just wanted to test
you and you
past you when Charlie you win the
chocolate the factory it's yours anyways
that's my spiel that's my little rant oh
I was just hit the pole what if I were
to just hit the pole I just made it off
and I will hit the pole shy don't hit
the pole we're gonna put my seatbelt on
we own our van be smooth sided baby tard
we own our van yeah honey
where you at we own our van all ours
what are you doing in here you doing a
heck of a job okay I'm gonna let you
keep doing what you're doing in here
I'll just be I'll just be back here I'm
sorry
