hey so baby I'm standing up is that a
facepalm is that a wash rag facepalm
wash rag baseball remember I used to do
wash rag hat done that forever give him
a wash rag hair what up baby turd wash
rag hat wash rag hat I see that to the
kids or they're thinking about are you
the one that's all hurt been diggin
you're searching for the snake aren't ya
just see ya so where did it go mama
tarred it climbed under that big rock up
there you scared even step on it
have you even been out here since then
are you moving it came here watch out
let's move this are you gonna move that
here watch out let me do my job
do it what if he's right underneath that
rat he probably is you should probably
put some shoes on cuz he's gonna buy
something on right underneath there
right so he could be it yeah underneath
there yeah okay guys watch out I'm gonna
pick it up what if he jumps up bite your
faces off huh look at robbed are you
guys proctor like I'm trying to get back
to the house in safety I don't you like
we're rock tard son try to pick him up
put that baby boy up represent your
Longhorns say ok I want you to sneak
know what to think
they sneaked there it goes I'm warning
sorry see you guys later hunter like
snakes
what okay guys ready yeah no I don't
even see those that were there he's
covered his tracks no I can see ya that
was not nice dude look I even think I
see a slithers you look at it's like a
round track that could be a snake track
see sorry
tsk hmm all right one lesson he went
back down into the earth you guys let's
just leave him there till he comes out
again no more snake cutting from you
Little Miss princess tarde what if we
rip all these bricks out to find him
no and that would be unrealistic huh
what is wrong our door but your problem
I don't know he likes to grass on his
feet gonna find a snake
Rapunzel likes the grass towards your
Rapunzel up and now baby tarde we'll
break out in the musical oh did you guys
see it is it in there just you snake
come on okay the walls to piss sing the
song for me mom eat I don't even know
how it goes just smell the grass the
dirt just like I dream
yeah I could hear a register on the song
where oh I haven't watched that movie
843 times like these to have this chase
scene and bla bla and sneeze me that's
where the snake was right there huh you
remember you guys are like snake finders
huh sundered you weren't here were you
at school did you ever did you ever see
it yeah sunt I would have grabbed it I
bet the girls were saying that you
should get your BB gun and shoot it you
want to shoot it you do that snake
cruelty what if the snake has a family
down there what if the snake has mommy
and daddy and there's little baby snakes
and they all live underneath that little
tulip right there that's their mailbox
at tulips their mailbox would that be
sad if you shot the daddy snake you guys
go right the snake notes oh you're right
the snake notes and put them in his
mailbox what
that's it oh it's even bigger than we
thought jeepers look at mallik I think
he really knows what we're looking for
Peter guys come here papa
I've been out here I've seen this snake
huh she was fighting me
let me nose in here why don't you sniff
it out dude once you use your dog senses
and sniff that snake out huh
oh no dog I just want some food there's
burning food for me all of those good
times going on here I love it
how about rocky tard hey rocky Rock tard
want my mistake I don't know should I
find it c'mere Rapunzel I'm gonna throw
you up to your tower let me say it to
your tower ready you go up to your tower
ready coffee shower
ready go up your tower you have long
hair oh it's an abundant - probably not
a good idea right now not funny
I'm afraid there's more snakes are you
hiding oh I'll just go through the
portal she's going through the portal
alright one take Sunday without tomorrow
I feel I'm really concerned
