you are not watching the shake times
 just sit back lemax follow along to
the things she says to the things he
does for school family and just because
it's our PDF NP ready for a video so let
us be corner hey he's Ryan
hey you guys say hello what are you guys
doing I just gave baby TARDIS spankin
through the camera because she was
hitting rock hard and she was in time
out so I gave her a spanking Ayers Rock
tard hold that camera still mommy tard
you've listened it oh they're okay
there's my baby rocket rollio tard give
them a kiss for me babytard give your
little brother a kiss I'm sorry good job
all right I love you mommy tard let me
see you let's see how hot you look fine
oh yeah thats a hot Chiquita Bonita
right there you better be that's why I
go on these trips so that when I come
home the house will be clean all right I
love you guys
all right you guys can wait let me see
it real quick you guys remember beard
tard here he is right here in his little
packaging he's been sleeping in my
filing cabinet for about a year now he's
fine ladies here you guys might remember
when they would you go paper mache
lifecast she paper mache Carl my face
was all life casting material I thought
it was the funniest thing it was like I
had to laugh cuz I was like kind of
claustrophobic and it was so it was so
frustrating that I couldn't communicate
that everything became funny to me so
what are you gonna do with that beard um
we're going to attach it to your life
cast I think oh well one guy wanted he
wanted from the project of awesome that
was a raffle so they're gonna put it on
my face white it's like a real shaycarl
fate it's a little creepy and I was a
little embarrassed to hand her a package
of my beard it's just kind of gross like
a bag of beard hair and then they're
gonna attach it to a light cast of my
face it's a big moment for me what do
you do with your iphone as a mirror yeah
do you really yeah have you ever thought
oh I just did but like it is that's so
inconvenient well how else i know i wish
there was this frickin screen right
there end of a good day it's beautiful
out
I've never seen such a gorgeous sense I
have where your eyes I'm serious then oh
hey guys um we're just we're just
watching we were kidding hahahaha great
skit qasim brand new what is that sir
arcadia acadia this is my rental car
like assets like i want to say arcadia
but it's acadia isn't that like a band
place like this this is Arcadia walking
here on the beach oh I love you guys as
music arcadia fire hi it's a beautiful
sunset out tonight huh serious love you
guys do freaking people are so
unfriendly in California pisses me off
um I don't know if I I guess I love her
mmm she's tall she's pretty cute she's
wearing those big boots as likely like
which boots or something but what I'm
doing like why are why are three chicks
dressing like Club outfits they wanted
only want to look at the Sun digesting
club outfits they're more like it's like
mountain climber /i i'm gonna read
Martha Stewart on the pier so I'm all
right she looks like your sister from
back here all right we're at the beach
or check it out the sunset Kasim's
hitting on every female girl in my
family he is bound and destined to
become a guitar Lana Katy let what do
you owe your mirror I have how many kids
okay she has 18 Ken okay let's go to the
pier we're gonna go down the pier and
we're gonna check out these waves down
the pier cuz waves are huge right now
c'mon let's go there's a helicopter
circling Venice Beach he's bound and
determined to find a lot swimmer that
was swept away at sea earlier
today the close family and friends of
Robert T Mahalo honey Robert T Mahalo
honi what if that person really wants to
could have it in your brain well it just
came out that way i don't know how it
worked but it was that guy was lost to
see did you ever know mahalo homie no so
that's better that begs a question is
how did it come out like that I think
those mostly I think I was gonna say
like Mahoney and then I think what
Mahoney and alimony came in I thought
Mahoney no alimony my name is Mahoney
Jack Mahoney Loney and I owe you some
money is this weird that we're like kind
of on a date kind of we're kind of on a
door on a day right now check out these
waves they look like they're 12 feet oh
my gosh
so powerful the splash is like hitting
the bottom of the pier subscribe dad's
get me excited by all these words you're
using a lot of descriptive language how
big those waves big and black power
poles long thick columns we're gonna go
this is I'm skipping I'm skipping how do
you brats let me see your friends I was
joyous i think is what it was I was like
we're frolicking on the beach together
don't run a date what are you doing a
day usually frolic hi Bridget are oh no
no no you guys wasn't we're following
this guy right now cuz he has a sir I
think he's gonna jump off though here
and it's not even creepy when I'm
chasing him
JC
that whoo yeah awesome you must really
want to surf I want to do that dude well
you want to risk your life for no reason
no that looks so fun yeah yeah yeah yeah
I jumping off the pier he's cool grey
body obviously ways bodies outline
that's not all there is to what's up
homie what do you want oh hi I think I'm
ask me no I love you Timothy la de la
ghetto I love your videos under this may
look like any other microwave you may
say che yeah it's a simple easy to
operate microwave it's not difficult
there's a lot of buzz to push this is a
microwave that I got as a wedding
present from my grandpa my dad's dad and
he gave this to me and my wife as a
wedding present eight eight and a half
years ago and when we moved here to
Venice Beach the very first time this is
the house that we lived in who remembers
this house that's like forever ago
anyways we left this microwave here and
it's been here there's been probably
hundreds of youtubers in this house
anyway it's just kind of cool every time
I come back I'm like hey there's Mya
there's my microwave my grandpa gave to
me I want to get it back so it's like
you know if they ever maybe what I
should do is I should go buy them a new
one and just take that he's at this
point it'd be kind of kind of douchey of
me but hey guys yeah I need my microwave
back efforts been here for like a year
and a half they've been using it anyway
so I'm thinking about maybe just wanted
to buy it in one and then taking that as
a keepsake is that we're just try to
keep a your grandpa okay here i am an
awesome geez house and we're watching Oh
check it out check out Joe good ray
there's our buddy Tay Zonday
we found a nice spirited man here
tonight you know what I am jealous that
that is a great growth it looks good
that song is about diarrhea deep-voiced
crooner is Tay Zonday with 66 million
views he had one of the biggest internet
songs of all time where are you from
group in the North Chicago suburbs
that's the time at Seattle Minneapolis
and now Los Angeles how old are you I'm
28 race are you Oh 2811 miss I just blew
my mind blew your mind he's doing good i
love tay that's sweet man Joe good rain
that's boys to men right is that boys to
men boys to man and tay zonday singing
chocolate rain that is amazing
