you're not watching the don't
just sit back relax follow along to the
things she says to the things he just
refers cool family and just because it's
our PDF NP ready for a video so let us
be good hey he's Ryan
all righty then good morning everybody I
hope you're having a grand and wonderful
day I'm heading to LAX was that stand
for Los Angeles X what is the X what is
the X in LAX extreme flying Los Angeles
extreme where I am you guys do we're a
group we're some buds here we're all
packed in this GMC SUV I don't know what
this thing's called
like a I don't know I'm gonna wait all
right influencer 2.0 getting texts I'm
vlogging I'm driving the airport we're
going to pick up smashing pants right
now I just got a text from probably Ian
this is okey-dokey what's your ETA
I'm right here dawg my ETA is like minus
three seconds I'm at the airport we're
gonna shoot a little video we're gonna
get some lunch it's gonna be one of
their lunchtime with Smosh things and
I'm excited I'm excited to see the boys
again
I like they're my two little boys that's
silly that's really weird actually uh
this is my second lunchtime with Smosh
video I've done if you haven't ever seen
a lunchtime with Smosh they're funny
dudes you guys know who smosh's link in
my pants you know the deal you know how
it works Mattel them 1 minute and 33
seconds and I'm telling mommy Tarte
found a snake in the house you guys
believe that did you talk to me talk to
me
I'm picking up Smosh weather right here
I think other Southwest Oh
got it huh there they are
what's up homies should you be here in
10 minutes I like the girls just
informed me that they cannot play
outside because there's a snake and I
can't decide if they're playing or
joking or what so we're gonna go see if
there's really a snake in the backyard
are you guys ready ready
this is want to eat ginger if equip me
she loves snakes for you babe oh my gosh
it really is a snake oh do you guys see
that uh-huh there is a snake in our
backyard its head is right there get
back baby girl get back I have no idea
what kind of snake this is right
shei where are you when I need you are
you serious okay I don't see a rattle
but it it's like it's but is going back
down into the rocks so we don't know oh
my gosh
okay little freaked out what do I do
what'd you guys do go back in the house
you can't play out we're going over
there I think it's gonna jump what would
she do
Shea would probably try to pick it up
and show you guys the snake but I'm not
gonna do that should I do that should I
see what kind it is there's a flippin
snake in my backyard oh where you going
where you going mr. snake he's going in
he's going in the garden okay we're
gonna be able to see his tail see if
he's a rattlesnake I don't think he is
but I would be really stupid of me to be
this close if he was yeah he's turning
around
no no rattle but he's moving oh my gosh
he's going back into that hole that's
worthless holy um we should build a fire
because of the snake so he said no one
money never come out here again okay
well there's a snake that wasn't that
horrid there guys there's a snake that
wasn't at all what do I do
okay I need to go call somebody so um
yeah what do you guys think
hmmm I think the same thing let's go
let's go inside let's go inside hey guys
so I just got done having a lunch time
with Smosh it was a lot of fun we had
really a good time I'm here back in my
hotel room by the way be sure to go
check out the lunchtime with Smosh I'm
this is my second episode of their son
Ben and I'm here in my hotel room and
check it out something you don't get
every day in a hotel room they're
painting my door looks good I like the
blue it's really oceanic to me looks
good it's like first-class service you
get your door painted when you come to
this hotel it's sweet place where we
have the Hollywood where does this place
first of all hello hi des tartes hey
listen by the way like stand by you
tottering yeah by the way everybody the
one the only my son-in-law hybrid it's
hard my bridge the star high camera I
guess
hey guess what they found in the
backyard today they've got a giant snake
yeah they were out playing they find a
4-foot garden say sure that's just not
Malachi after having like a big dinner
no they found it got footage monitor we
can't just drop the camera anywhere
it'll just look like what's this like
when the disturbance just watch this
okay here we go are you gonna make sure
to grab it it was what I was like what I
was waiting for to grab okay let's go up
let's go up here we're going upstairs
we're going to the Pirates of the
Caribbean premiere it's not a premiere
oh and oh this may roll the wrong way
this is the official shake art song I
think dancing may be tired whoa that's a
cool move look record got it check it
out baby
oh no one that's the booty pop so their
dance recital is this weekend so we're
excited to go watch them I will bring
you guys along don't worry you're not
gonna miss it Shay's gonna be there
Saturday night to watch oh oh let's just
pick it up water spills all the time
we'll just pick it up he's kind of a
menace in the tea party department it's
hard to have a tea party when rock cards
awake right guys it is it's difficult
are you excited yes say you're pumped
I'm crazy
are you really in California it's not
cold he's a horse am I crazy
I'm not a wrong
we err that was awesome I wish I had
that with that beard
what am I did that with my beard it like
came down like this
yeah Jack said name
school my Sunday where we are gonna keep
forgetting the highly wooden Highland
Elwood in Highland Center and they got a
sweet ship to boat look at this dude up
here
hey sir you look great next to the boat
I just want to get a shot of this crazy
guy look at this thing got mountains and
goals this little dude oh yeah house is
really cold
real real do you think those are Zack
they're ording it's one piece you
already know the answer I do I'm asking
the newer zoom it's oh my god they get
stabbed or is it one piece here Watch
check this out
wait oh they're real bowls they're like
uh well welding together yeah it's
really heavy
it's time to talk about the snake
problem we've got a giant snake in our
backyard and I'm sure that it's not
poisonous or dangerous it looks like
just a regular garden snake but I'm sure
that it still bites and hurts when it
bites so what do I do
I mean I could call animal control do
they do that
they litter of snakes I don't know but I
don't want to kill it because that would
be inhumane but I might have to do that
it's like a spider if it's in your house
if there's a spider in my house I kill
it if it's outside I say let it go let
it leave but if it's in my house I'm
sorry I don't have control I kill it so
um what should I do
snakes that are poisonous are there real
snakes that are boys nose - yep
but I don't think the one our backyard
is they get the place Saturday -
poisonous how did they how are they made
today's or poison eh
oh no they bite you and they have little
holes in their teeth that squirt poison
inside of your bite if they bite you ooh
that sounds scary doesn't it that's why
you don't want to get bitten by a
poisonous snake in mom I know you can
choose stink we could shoot the snakes
what are we shooting with okay again
baby fingers you've solved the problem
Oh said your dad to be because that we
can shoot we want to talk to dad about
that my intention it oh we can shoot
them with a gun that's wonderful
hmm I guess it solves the problem right
okay you guys ready for lunch
let's eat lunch hey you guys I just
noticed this but my cat it oh yeah do it
he's just cracking available all right
check out I got it from these lights off
now I think I'm gonna run over him this
has a camera this car has a backup
camera I feel like it's like Jeremy
abilities forever away but I don't
you're like I don't think your camera
can see it dang it
and there's Vinny Haven voix the cat's
heart looks hilarious but you can't
really tell on this camera it's kind of
fuzzy crazy day we have the girls all
dressed up ready for their dress
rehearsal for the recital it just got
their pictures taking so adorable okay
so now we're gonna see if we can see
them dance practice dance for the other
side
see you
