hey interesting that's why I like coming
Delia say spare no expense and making it
look really retro anyways they're know a
lot of construction error it's crazy all
this there's a major reconstruction here
in the Los Angeles Airport interesting
okay you guys I'm here at the rental car
place and I or I got a car that I
specifically made sure that it had a
plug in right there so I can plug it
into my computer so I can put my air
card in and I can upload the vlog right
now so I'm gonna sit here in my rental
car for about ten minutes I'm gonna get
the vlog starting to get uploaded that
way I can get it up I got all the tools
of the trade you have the air card then
have the right car have a power outlet I
got all right now so let's upload this
baby it's good hey cuddle baby's calling
me maybe it's hard when you're doing
with your chips
wait show me again since that's enough
not you eating them what are you doing
with them easy bulging them you're
dipping them in the water what you're so
scary don't climb too high on those
no don't climb cuz then they'll come
tumbling down and make a baby tarred
tire sandwich that would not be good
no no hon hold on you guys
I'll call you back I I got a push on
hold hold on hello
hey what's going on all right thanks bye
yeah how was Les Schwab tires I have my
my wife play wife has ever heard of
earning a teletag some sort of hot sauce
she went and got nerf bars put on my
truck today what a nerf bar shake I'll
tell you there are these little bars
that go on the bottom that help you get
up into the truck because the kids
especially baby tired she can't even
climb in the truck because it's too high
for her so we got these little bars that
are like running boards basically as you
might know them and anyways baby turned
left her sweater at Les Schwab so
they're calling me to tell me that she
left it there some on her it's gonna
have to go get it so okay we're ready to
head into town and I'm uploading the
video as we speak
on the air card it's gonna take a little
bit longer it's not that big it's 275
megabytes
it's gonna need about an hour to upload
I figured might as well get it started
and then get it to your guys's eyeballs
so you can see it chat room not only
does have one sunroof it has Doble Sun
roof face that was one of the options
that you could click on it said do you
want Doble say in Rufus that's not like
roofies I don't want a roofie
on a Sun okay here we go here we are at
dance would they have their dress
rehearsal tonight because there were
shadows are this weekend girls are you
excited yes are you gonna practice yeah
are you gonna keep your thumb out of
your mouth while you practice no last
time I went you suck your thumb the
whole class time I kept knocking on the
window busted well you can't eat your
thumb so that makes no sense to suck
your thumb no it doesn't it doesn't huh
Rock chart found big tarts toothbrush
and he loves it fine hi Frances tard
eight my ear had all gone favorite
harder why does your tumbler work
because they ate cancer cause you had a
blue airhead and then you suck your
thumb you can't hide it the writing is
all me - all yes and now your thumb is
blue do about that the girl shows your
thumb again he's getting a tattoo what's
he getting a tattoo arrow shot says hold
on you should go watch this video
because this dude just got a tattoo of
my face here let me show it to you this
dude just got this tattoo here I am at
my hotel I'm in the parking garage
oh crap it's blasphemy and oh geez
something cuter parking garage in the
parking garage so I just pulled up to my
hotel and I got this tweet that this
dude got this tattoo of me I was like no
no no bull malarkey
so I pull out my laptop because I
already had it out here cuz I just
uploaded the video when I was driving
into town
sure enough the students getting a
tattoo of me and him on his arm right
there I don't know how to feel I feel
honored at the same time I feel bad like
dude don't do that that's forever that's
permanent you really want me and your
arm forever I should do a skit with like
a little tattoo of it's just like my
face and somebody somebody gets a tattoo
of me and the tattoo starts talking and
it's just like I'll never shut up hey
hey alright I'm walking here and he's
like trying to sleep and I'm just
constantly yelling he like tries to rap
duct tape around his arm
you should do that a video idea anyways
if you guys wanted to watch this video
the name of their channel is every day
vlog err I will absolutely leave a link
in my pants I guess if you put my face
on your skin forever I have to give you
a shout-out do not ladies and gentlemen
get a tattoo of me because you want to
shout out that has a poor life decision
this guy did it already so he's the
first but I'm saying anybody else who
gets a tattoo I'm not giving a shout-out
to all right so don't run down to Bob
the tattoo artist tomorrow and get a
tattoo of me
this I believe as far as I know this the
video is titled world's first shaycarl
tattoo and as far as I know that is true
I don't think I've ever seen anybody get
a tattoo of me on their body this is a
momentous day I have to say like I'm
honored and I I feel like like wow let's
somebody made a decision to put my face
on their skin for the rest of their life
I'm gonna be honest I don't think it's a
good decision but he did it and it's too
late if I would have known before I
would have told him not to anyways dude
Greg your name is Greg what's up bro I
guess we're homies for life right me and
you I mean maybe I should get a tattoo
of you on my arm wouldn't that be funny
I'm gonna get a tattoo of Greg right on
my chest while I'm in LA then I go home
I bought me cards to be like take your
shirt off my new buddy Greg yeah we got
matching tattoos I've never met him but
yeah I got a tattoo of them anyway so go
watch this video tell this guy he's
crazy every day vlogger I'll leave a
link in my pants hey guys okay so
gone and it's time for mommy time I'm
going to hip hop with karlie again and
this time I'm gonna look better when I
do it okay I'm gonna shake it and I'm
gonna hip I'm gonna hop and it's gonna
look so good maybe at least I'm gonna
sweat it I'm gonna burn some calories
that's all I care about
I'm late so I gotta go
all right so some of us have been
getting ready for the ballet recital
and some part and garbage hard we're
gonna have a number in the recital we're
ready for you you're so beautiful so
it's what you got beautiful sun card is
good yes I know
wait you must don't you we have to say
baby tarts outfit because she decided to
pee your pants and so she is now Cooper
maybe card Cooper having heart
yes ready over here phrasing it what
what clothes are you wearing and I
you want to tell them why no be
embarrassed
yeah she's married we won't go there
