audience what you doing looking at the
leaf springs of my old truck audience so
I got all you guys his comments
yesterday about Toby Turner's video
about I'm having a credit card and you
guys tell him I was gonna beat him up
and touch it with a face I love the fact
anytime anybody talks about credit cards
you guys like Shane would say not to do
that I love that I've been grain that
into you I'm proud of you guys here at
the airport I drove my old truck here
cuz I don't want to leave my brand new
one here at the airport for four days
cuz I like it I want to keep it safe in
my garage I put a blanket on him so he's
nice and warm while I'm gone that's a
lie I did not put a blanket on him I put
a blanket of love on him with my heart
and soul that's what I did normally mama
died brings me to the airport but today
to take babytard to gymnastics right
when I had to be here so she took
babytard to gymnastics and I'm here
flying to Los Angeles again J we hate it
when you go to LA my goodness you guys
you are passionate in the comments
yesterday about a little bomb that I
dropped on you about moving to Los
Angeles we'll listen we need to have a
heart-to-heart I think we see to sit
down and have a good chatty is whenever
chocolates have a hard to RK come on
check out the airport so busy oh I hope
I get through security on time for my
flight it's like me and that one dude
over there we've been high on each other
like I want to get home for you I'm
gonna get a better seat than you the
joys of living in a very small town but
we're moving to Los Angeles oh no why
ruff said listen guys it's okay it's
just gonna be for the summertime so
here's the deal when it comes down to it
I have to really ultimately think about
my children that's my first priority and
a lot of you guys concerns are really
unfounded like Shay what about
gymnastics in school it's gonna be
summertime they're gonna be out of
gymnastics are gonna be out of soccer
they will miss out on a few things but
it's not like they don't have programs
that we can get the kids into in LA come
on people it's Los Angeles they had a
lot of cool stuff to do there and about
our house yes we love our brand-new
house we worked so hard to get it we've
you know would put nice furniture in it
and we love our house but it's always
going to be there we're not gonna lose
it it's just gonna stay there plus we're
gonna be helping out my parents this is
working out at a perfect time or my
parents are trying to sell their house
and in the interim they're they're going
to move into our house so while we're
gone for the summer my parents are
playing just landed I see you playing
I'm going to write you in a minute so
yeah it's gonna work out great for my
parents they can save some money they
can live in our house rent-free while
they sell their house and get ready to
buy a new house so it's good for both of
us also I'm part of an Internet company
that I created with some my friends two
years ago whether you do or do not know
I am one of the original founders of
maker studios a digital company that
produces online content across hundreds
of channels and it's hard for me to
participate in that company being in
Idaho I need to be there where everybody
is where they're producing things plus i
really want to get my shaycarl channel
going again I mean I can't do Shaytards
forever and I know that it's gonna piss
you guys off I'm gonna be around forever
but in a different capacity I may not do
daily vlogs for the next 20 years and I
know some of you are sad to hear that
but it's just it's not something I want
to do forever so the goal is to move to
LA and I'm going to give an editor for
the Shh art video so i can spend a lot
more time helping produce other content
helping make shaycarl videos i want to
get the shaycarl channel really up and
going again and that's actually going to
be good because I'm going to have a lot
more time to focus on a lot more aspects
of my life I and I'm not complaining but
I do spend just logistically speaking I
spend four to five hours a day just
importing exporting editing uploading
processing annotating tweeting
facebooking all that stuff that if I
just had somebody else to help me with
that that's four to five hours a day
that I could spend you know thinking of
script ideas for the shaycarl channel or
you know doing collabs with other people
or just simply going on auditions or
just anything you know it's ultimately
it's going to be better for my career to
be in LA to be at maker studios to have
somebody that can add that the vlogs and
it's been better for you guys because
they're going to be up more consistently
I promise you if i'm paying somebody to
edit and upload my videos they're gonna
be on time every day you guys it was
like why does worse the video which so
like I guarantee you once we get an
editor in place that I trust and that
understands the way I edit and my
systems of how I like the Shaytards to
be edited we're gonna get it down I'm
gonna have like three flip cameras and
what's gonna happen is I'm going to film
all day that night or the next morning
I'm going to go in I'm going to hand it
to ever whoever's doing the editing and
they're gonna have it edited and
uploaded but like noon or one decided
time and they're going to be on time
every day that's what I really want I
want the shaytards so you have a
schedule or there on time every day
where I'm busy taking oh my gosh my
tripod is ringing hold on is this it's a
1-800 number let's put it on
speakerphone and see who it is hello
november we ma ma jewnicorn ok get to
the pill my fruit tray oh my gosh una
needs a two out here two hours early
alright so my flight just got pushed
back an hour that sucks anyways where
were we so anyways I don't need us to
freak out listen the shaytards are here
for you guys I know you guys get you
know changes in inherently hard for
people people don't like change but you
guys got to trust me there is some epic
awesome Shaytards moments in Shea art
history that happened when we used to
live in LA about a year ago
and that's just going to get that mean
this is just another part of our lives
and if you guys are pissed I mean some
of you guys are like on one scrub
subscribing if you move to LA okay it's
been nice knowing you take it easy I'm
glad you watch some of our videos but if
you guys really an unsubscribe because
I'm doing something that's going to
better my career and that I think is
better for my family then okay let's let
bygones be bygones and you can just go
to give me alright so I'm in a salt lake
airport and the reasons I'm going to LA
this time there's three reasons and
they're pretty cool 1 i'm going to shoot
a video with Smosh on Wednesday 2 i'm
going to the pirates of the caribbean
premier like a pre-screening with the
casting crew crazy i might even meet
Johnny Depp I don't know but we'll see
and the third reason is I'm just trying
to find us a place I'm literally gonna
be house shopping while I'm here to find
a place for us to rent for the summer
all right guys about to get on my plane
I'm running to my gate that's a little
late hopefully I make the flight to LA I
can't five minutes get to my k see you
guys tomorrow I love you thanks for all
the support what are you looking at we
looking at weirdo we're just watching
over here oh those losers why he is
watching that crap that's a waste of
your time oh you better thumbs this
video up oh right here thumbs it up
right now so let's see it nice thanks
bro thanks for the thumbs up where you
guys headed to Disneyland excited oh
these guys are just the right gate know
like hey Shay I'm like hold on i'm
adding my flock right so they're waiting
to get on their play into LA and she's
watching are you watching me of the
headphones in yeah oh she's watching
watch out she's a new viewer there's my
there's my wife she's a diaper sniffer
okay it's fine
