Shane Shane Shane Shane tardes never
moment with baby a dark princess up
retard mommy coumarin Carly start to
rise I'll shake shake shake you're
surprised you might I'm baby cat I'm
adorable
hono akari HRT's I got mad skills dog go
home eat a screen of it diapers put a
whole day get your belt oh alright so as
you can tell I don't really have very
much footage for a day I didn't really
film anything yesterday because we were
exhausted from our little trip do you
try to go to my grandma's 75th birthday
we basically all just took a family nap
all day long but today I want to talk
about a few quick things and then we'll
be back to regular vlogs tomorrow
shayloss everybody has been asking about
shayloss it is true I have lost 30
pounds
I went from 280 to 250 the problem is
I've been stuck at about 250 for the
last three weeks like I lost way I'm
glad that I haven't gone back up but I'm
kind of just stuck in this 250 mark so I
need to push through and get you to 40
and hopefully that would be coming up
sooner than later
what when a gummy worm that one next
thing last night my good buddy Arturo
Trejo tweeted me a video that this guy
named Micah Stubbs made a picture of my
fat bearded face every single day for
the first year of the vlogs and he put
it together in a car wash put two
nicepeter song that's another thing I
used
I was recently putting nice Peters
in the intro shaycarl shaytards and some
of you are like what is this song I
heard this song before are you judging
me are you twisting my arm I'm saying
uncle
you've never heard this song before nice
Peter one of the most talented musicians
on YouTube wrote this song what it's
like a year ago and maybe some of you
are new you've never heard it so I'm
gonna play that for you right now this
guy Micah Stubbs he said if I got a lot
of views that he would do a year two of
the vlogs so right now I'm gonna play
for you his video of me the first year
of the Shaytards set - nice Peters
shaycarl on the Shaytards
links to them are both in my pants check
it out I sit down my computer to see
what you have done so far today it's
just nice
it's just a cool family be good to each
other
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is
say
you've become an adjective of your own
it means something between extra-large
and do check out the che stuff pretzel
boo I'm so tired
you're a regular
but cute
to be something
car
say
and last and definitely not least my
buddy Arturo Trejo that tweeted me that
video I started watching because he
tweeted me last night I called him on
the phone I said what's up dude I
haven't talked to you forever we chatted
and I was watching I was doing like that
Arturo Trejo marathon last night when I
first found this guy's videos I
literally I think he had maybe like 20
videos up and I found this one video
that he tweeted to me I thought he was
you'll see when you watch his channel I
thought it was some weird Mexican dude
that just kept tweeting me I'm like what
is this guy maybe a woman who is this so
I finally clicked on the link to his
video and this video I'm about to play
is the video that he made once I saw I
watched every single one of his videos
if you don't know who he is
go subscribe this could dude should have
a hundred thousand subscribers by
tomorrow
make it happen people he is one of the I
love his is kind of humor my kind of
humor is I'm like loud and in-your-face
and obnoxious but the the humor that I
find the most hilarious is people that
are like Zach Galifianakis that's really
like deadpan and and you know it's not
like the loud in your face which you
know I would think well why don't I do
that kind of humor because that's just
who I am I'm just being me but people
like Arturo Trejo is there some way like
I kind of like wheezy waiter like I love
that kind of comedy Kassem G has kind of
the same kind of vibe anyways go check
it out I'm gonna play this video for you
guys right now this is Arturo Trejo go
subscribe to them his link is in my
pants like I said he is hilarious he
should have way more subscribers this is
the first video I saw of his and it was
hilarious and I've loved every one of
his videos and that is it so I will see
you guys tomorrow
subscribe to the people below thanks for
being patient and weird have a good
shake heads up tomorrow and I'm going to
LA and I tell you why we're moving
moving back to LA yes we are and
there'll be more information on that to
come and I'll explain why later all
right I love you guys see you tomorrow
bye
hi this one's for all you women as I've
got you figured out and you can never
fool me because I might be bull Scout
you lie about how as you are every
single day but all you ever do is sit at
home and watch Project Runway and when
you're not doing that you're making
crafts and sewing blankets and every
time Kelly Clarkson is on you feel the
need to crank it on Friday night so you
never cook you sit and read your stupid
book stop spending my money on makeup
stop comparing me to Jacob your
obsession with potterybarn.com makes me
really upset the world would be a much
better place if you're all like Katie
let your Easter bunnies embarrass me
when we're in the car you always have to
pee your mom doesn't even take care of
you that's it I'm out this song it's
true
