hey what's up I saw you on the Internet
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome and your wife is
hey you guys this is exciting
I'm so excited I'm sitting here editing
the video and reading emails doing my
daily thing watch American Chopper
reruns of course I've never seen this
episode and listen listen to this I was
reading an email and then this happened
and I looked up like oh well that's
crazy anyways just watch ready you know
I stopped unpacking the Chrome for two
seconds and before you know I turned
around and the new guy Shay he already
took the box out to the day I did it oh
my god where Shay I'm right here hey
what Paul I did take it we would show
you at the box
oh I uploaded it I uploaded the book no
sir gonna get the Rings out of you took
it before I was done oh I didn't touch
him Paul Oh
grams here comes senior I'm in trouble
oh there I am
I think that's me so real small I'm
gonna get fired I'm gonna get fired
this is my dream job of working at
American Chopper
come on Shane find those rings you throw
down edition see he doesn't have a beard
garbage maker he can do it saw as much
of this and he started yelling shade
like palm trees yelling my name - I do
alright maybe it's not that exciting but
I thought it was pretty cool
Sun tard I have a surprise for you check
that up what do you think you love it
you want to get one of those shirts why
am I so handsome you wear that to school
you think you'll get all the ladies yeah
what did you think baby turn got a cool
shirt you like it
you want to have one you don't want one
another princess when a princess shirt
why do you get closer to the camera I
can't see it the eyes of baby dard
all the eyes are so scary don't look
directly to her eyes your turn
stone so this is somebody design this
why am I so handsome shirt
print to start redo it out there oh cool
dog sweetness oh sweet I wish I had one
of those this is it anywhere happen is
fine wait for you anywhere just have a
seat on the couch there Malachi no big
deal
yeah I hope you're comfortable well
there's no place else to suit with my
long legs so I think I'll just sit here
I'm pretty comfortable on watching
Spongebob with the kids comfortable
Malachi yes I'm comfortable good boy
good boy hungry come on let's get some
food what's a food so cute score for a
walk oh he's he got excited yes he gets
excited whenever I turn the camera on
look I'm gonna show my walk I'm Michelle
Michelle they're gonna see we're gonna
love me what oh yeah
Oh stanky leg thank you don't start you
really funny when was out you like come
on let's go ready let's go we don't want
the Steinke load good job baby boy oh
yeah the camera still here we goes oh
job oh dude I don't like you let's see
your sake you egg hey what do you
wearing woody there baby tard is this an
all-access all area pass that James
Blunt gave to you personally it's pretty
cool
what is it what is it I think I know
what it is oh I think I know what it is
this is the poster to end all posters is
it yes come out of there
oh baby he's ready for this yes ready
for this ha ha ha pick it up my buddy
Kassim gee I could have just had him
give me one I like to support my friends
so I ordered one of Kassim and this is
Kasim's poster to end all posters he is
holding a shark
he is half wolf this is a wolf body here
and he is obviously ripped looking good
there's jets there see as a hammer
there's a wolf down here there's a
donkey kicking a snake there's laser
beam eyes per hole there's jets
it's the poster to end all posters I'll
put a link below you guys if you want to
go and get your very own Kassem G poster
I just got mine in the mail Oh what do
we have here is this is this two sisters
hugging oh that's adorable
one or away with oh oh snap
is your finger get caught in the door
come here
oh snap too much plan okay like yes sir
yeah okay see
but where's not ready I guess it Heather
wait let's see just what show me where
it is real quick the middle one right
there okay
wait oh you know we need Whitney rock
hard to kiss it generally better in two
seconds you please kiss her face what an
ally this finger here or this one which
one is it
I'm looking like a bit on this one okay
I can kiss the knob I don't know how
much you pay me did that email go
through yet okay I'm back which I'm
better
yeah oh where did the email I never get
to eat no reply that I need I'm so
stressed out is this very I'm gonna
upload any time soon I gotta put my
thumbnail on this thing hi who's reading
my Twitter anybody read my last twigs
guys stop I'm trying to get my Facebook
her down hold me I want to take a daily
booth picture I know I was obnoxious K
I'm the obnoxious mom you can't be a not
just because I'm obnoxious that's how I
make my living
I'm obnoxious yeah you know what I mean
okay so listen everybody salt we need to
update them because I know people are
watching right now and they're saying
where is their mother no I agree with
you I would like to have a mother around
if there was a mother here I would I
would like it I don't she's out on
another girls night with her friends her
little posse it's like the Real
Housewives of Idaho or something she'll
have other little friends that she does
these fancy dinner parties and I get
stuck you guys I get stuck here watching
these kids a little help around would be
nice you know I'm watching ditches and
make Lila change diapers so my serious
where's my mommy's out partying and
we're having fun okay let's cut it let's
okay that's enough okay you guys so we
have come to a crossroads I realized
it's 9 o'clock at night and I haven't
fed the kids what you haven't eaten in
12 hours there was a famine at 1:00
anyways so it's like crap this baby is
getting all pissy and he's all in the
bad mood cuz I realize he hasn't eaten
since this morning I think I don't know
anyway so they're starving and I just
set this on tard Sun tarde I am
switching spots to you right now and I'm
saying you're the dad I'm the kid
whatever you says goes what are we
having for dinner tonight no no let's
get that mount any you want baked beans
I just gave you all my power as a father
you just had like the sword of Destiny
you could you can do whatever you want
it we can go have pizza on top of the
Chrysler Building you could have said
anything and you want baked beans I was
about to just say that say what it's on
top of the Chrysler Building well where
I'm saying dude it's up to you you got
to decide but come up with some better
than baked beans bro pops now that seems
like a big chore what if we went through
a drive-thru you're like subway yeah
sure seriously where's one of those
bottles oh I can't get a frickin drop of
milk around a stupid place what is this
I put my finger in that wool or that
tastes like wonder if I could bite that
nasty booklet seriously last Wednesday I
had a half empty bottle I swear was it
the pink one no wasn't the people I like
the blue one stupid people I'm gonna set
that down hey
was that whoa that role long ways anyway
something kind of think when was that
bought here last maybe mom cleaned it
out
gosh dang her no was the cleaning lady
woody was the cleaning lady come
oh that's it it's the cleaning lady she
was here yesterday oh hey mom and dad
I'm just uh show everybody trouble over
scene he caught me so he's been standing
there
you filmed the whole thing huh yeah yeah
I mean they just coming to pick this up
I know nothing to see here
where's the milk come on no no you guys
are stupid I'm not even listening to you
but you see they're milking here almost
oh cheese I hate this class what have we
throw this glass out yet I'll sit on and
try to break it
oh I missed it you just turn into
Malachi we got a text message from Carly
oh let's tell what we just did okay
here's okay so listen you guys my sister
has a serious addiction to cascade and
ice and we think is because she has an
iron deficiency she craves a choc weenie
well you know what we have to wait for
her to get her for her to like defend
herself she comes home after work and
she gets us out and sniffs it she needs
to be what's on TV s show like parenting
or not intervention like people like
eats almond stuff she's almost getting
to that level weird addiction yeah weird
addictions like she says she's like a so
tempted to pour this on the ice and come
see me iron and we think she's earned
efficient so she's and like she was at
the rodeo so I just sent her this
picture she's out
she loves dirt she's out right now so I
just sent her this picture to make her
homesick and she just texted me back
what did she say
let me see what sheesh I forgot let me
pull up the textual message is it's
taking forever
she says I'm coming home for you too my
love's like the her two loves of my
listen and what
the call cascade coming home for my two
loves cascade and ice that's all she can
look forward to today so when she gets
here you guys we have intervention okay
so be ready let's all put our supportive
faces on she's gonna be here any minute
and I think she just needs the love and
support on us so she can't break through
this okay guys Carly listen listen
listen baby listen we all are here
together because we love you listen this
is an intervention and we're here to
tell you that you don't need to Cascade
on the ice anymore in your life Carly
these only things that will hold me at
night tell us about your addiction okay
why are you addicted to this no it just
came about all of a sudden but some
things out okay if you real okay ladies
and gentlemen cascade grip it what it
started out at stage one this will stage
one oh yeah smells good stage two stage
three up the nose hole and a skirt I
just love the smell of it seriously it's
gonna like it they even that's I I had
mommy jar smell I ordered this smell
like shows it smells like I'm losing
brain cells maybe that's why I'm so sir
when I sent you that picture I texted
you that picture did it make your mouth
water yeah I want a new finest and the
marshmallow I want to eat ice yeah so
she eats us every night she comes home
she comes and grabs her soap and a glass
of ice yeah no don't do the drugs don't
do the drugs you guys write her letters
in the comments below
trying to help her get over her
addiction tell me Kate I challenge you
Walmart don't know you guys do not fall
into this drug you guys I care you don't
even try it once it's like meth who
can't do it one time it's like peeing
your pants in Colchis what they make a
mess out
I think that's what they make meth out
of that's right sweetie yeah I don't do
crack whoever says on YouTube but I do
smell cascade
