but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is hotter than
good morning this finally sunny outside
we are so happy are we baby tired are
you so happy sunshiny and it's warm and
what we're gonna do today
you can't wow you are strong go tell
them what we're gonna do yeah what we're
gonna do flower power and not charge
down here playing in the rocks as a
rock star do rock guard likes to play
the rock yeah what song are you singing
Oh rock Todd got the stairs going we
better help him out huh I got one rock
in each hand you're gonna climb up those
dere Rock hi guys couple hot cheers baby
card let's go down some flowers we have
six like hanging chants from our patio
so we can bring baskets I'm going to a
lap down you want okay oh one flower I
forms a flower that's beautiful you got
a hold up I can see it
hi sorry everybody
baby's heart vlogging here so then the
flowers that we're going to plant in
these baskets
we're going to plant leave it there we
go yeah there you go
love it we are gonna plant some flowers
today
good job awesome vlogging okay let's go
plant cuz we gotta let him grow why I
don't grow big and strong and pretty
because it will die if you pick it isn't
that bad yeah a toy oh you did well
let's go get it doesn't that look so
pretty with the red and the black I love
it I love summer I mean spring or
whatever something warmer than winter is
all I want
there we go I love it it's kind of
shadow me out here I don't know if you
can see it la fÃªte should me really Mike
me and mommy I decided behind the moment
seen the scenes of our real life behind
the scenes of behind the camera she
touched the later years behind the
camera I wish I was always baby tard
anyways we were talking about oh so high
shake our lair and we got a new truck
and I'll tell you why I was like I'm
guilty I wasn't gonna tell you guys cuz
I do feel like it's like I don't have
like hey guys check out the new ride in
this sweet - no wait Tundra Toyota
Tundra sleep gonna get some wheels on it
I'm gonna lift he's gonna love it
facepalm that's face bomb face bomb I
just like to go face bomb face bomb so I
was sitting here face bombing mr.
rock-hard and I was thinking the reason
we got this truck is because as a bench
seat in the front check out the power
three kids in the back over in the back
look at all your legs cuz you're cold
Danny likes to run a cold ship cuz if
you guys didn't know it he's about forty
to sixty pounds overweight and heats up
quite often face balm
he loves it okay so what we're talking
about is loose we got this truck is
because as a bench seat we can fit the
whole family in it you know what do not
facepalm while I'm vlogging what if I
told you about that young lady and so we
just shut your mouth really in the
camera Oh camera are you guys cold
anyways we were just talking about Rob
charge should probably be in the back
and Sun turn should price it up here
yeah I think there is an air bag here in
the middle on the air bag could like
like push him up but this bar will be
there I don't know what's the safest I
think playing in the back so say I want
my face palm face partly he loves his
face bonsai so mommy guards like should
we put him in the back before you start
something like like cuz we don't we know
the comments you guys like you shouldn't
have your kid and a rear-facing seat in
the bench seat of an airbag truck young
man and in section - three four - of the
California State penal code it strictly
states you will receive up to six to
eight months in prison
facepalm anyways were like should we but
we should we switch them so looks a
first we ought to hear from the Nazis in
the comments that love to give parenting
advice but they don't have any kids
listen I babysat a lot and I know that
when a kid does this it means this okay
babysitter or like the you should not be
face bobbing your baby everybody knows
that a good face bomb is bad for any
young infant no
instead of giving high-fives you guys
from now on you need to walk up and be
like baseball yeah just right there babe
you know what people love more than
anything when you stick their your hand
right in their face when they're
unexpected people love that it's like I
know when I'm walking around like on the
school grounds and somebody just runs
over they facepalm me it's like there's
nothing better you know you're having a
good day when you get a first bomb you
guys later
hey be sure to poke me on facepalm comm
you guys want to see probably my very
favorite feature of my new truck and you
know this is actually a really funny
story kind of like a coming to life's
moment life story I bought this truck
where I used to work as a car salesman
from my cousin it was crazy it was like
I used to work there and then he started
working there and I was it was crazy to
go back to the place and I sat for hours
I worked there for about a year and to
like negotiate with them to be on the
other side of the process because I
remember all those times doing those
deals and they send a guy out you talked
to that guy and he goes back and talk to
the finance manager and I was always
like the car salesman on that aspect of
it but going there and actually doing it
from a car dealership was cool it was
like it was exciting you know like like
because they were just like that moment
where I was like I'm pulling the trigger
at this price and I'm like I was ready
doing like we can't do it for that I'm
like okay he's like anyways it was it
was it's an exciting moment it's like
doesn't happen often very in life where
you're about to make this big big
decision you know and it's like you
could walk away in any moment you know I
mean it's like I'm in my mind if we do
it for this price I'm about to make a
big decision there's been a big life
thing right now so if I get your
adrenaline up and stuff and I got a good
deal on it I really feel good about the
price and I paid for it I knew the other
side so I knew how to negotiate and I
told him I said I gotta have this for a
certain price and I said show me your
sheet let me see your sheet and I want
to see how much money you're making on
and he showed it to me I said if you
show that to me and I know that I'm
getting a good deal on it I'll write
your check right now
which is another thing I didn't I didn't
borrow money I did not borrow money to
buy this truck been saving up for about
a year now because I know I've wanted
one that old one that I had has has like
almost 300,000 miles on it and it's
small I can't fit any of the family in
it but check out these guys with all
that legroom
well that leg room back there so yeah it
was time and I did it and I pulled the
trigger and I'm excited I love it I
really do do you like it mom torque you
know why you know you know why cuz I
don't have to drive a minivan around
town anymore I can feel good I can feel
like I want to see people I know now you
know I bought before I was like you
think we could tent least windows
anymore is this illegal Tim I'm like
hiding in this little cute white minivan
but now I feel like would up there's my
family I just cared the grab on all
right first bomb hey and all that
vlogging I forgot to tell you guys what
my favorite feature of this truck is
check this out rear sliding window Oh a
registration registration
I just shredded my registration hey
who's that who's that back to be a puppy
what you doing you having fun
there's no one come in there look at me
look at me I put my hand in here and say
hi to you guys I was like hey what if he
jumped through the window and landed on
the kids that could be back there to
start
bye-bye hey slow kisses to the Shaytards
I find a gymnastics work hard do a
backflip love you bye okay so good news
check out what we just picked up mommy
tard
the last time we flew you can kinda see
you guys might have remembered she was
tweeting about it's a little dent right
there I think somebody like either
stepped on it or wouldn't she had it in
the overhead compartment somebody shoved
their bag in there I don't know
anyways we gotta back those 392 dollars
to fix it which is better than a new
computer but that's like almost $400 to
fix a stupid computer huh Malachi that's
so stupid I know dad that's why you
should go to PC why use the PC here to
lose you're using the oh there's our old
house that's where we used to live
that's the very first house we ever
bought I've told you guys that before
and I put Christmas lights you remember
the story who remembers Jay Carl story
the first year I own my own house i
frickin went overboard on Christmas I
just told this story if you didn't hear
it
I literally when I was growing up but I
would always tell my dad let's put more
lights on the house cuz I know that's
fine you know what I always do like a
medium amount that was good you know but
I always like wanted to do more you know
like crazy and so the first year that I
owned my own house
object that freaking thing out every
Bush every trade took me like three
weeks to do all of it it was like I did
like a different I'd come home and do
like three or four strings a night and I
just I really went to town on that
friggin house and everybody like we'd
see people in church today Oh
saw your house there a nice light but I
yeah it was cool I'll never do it again
because it was a ridiculous amount of
work but now I'm like my dad like one
line of lights and that's enough I get
up on a ladder in the freezing cold
weather I'm such an old grumpy dad now
anyways me and rock started running some
errands
we dropped mommy turned off she's not
there anymore she is at the sore throat
analyst like I yelled my name oh I was
just she's at the doctor she has a strep
throat she thinks I was just waving to
this girl
I was just in here my truck and I like
when people pass me I just randomly like
look at him in a wave like I know them
and she went by and she saw me and she
was like like she could like I really
should watch our video so if you're
watching this video hi I just saw you
and I knew that you knew who I was from
YouTube so we had this connection for a
minute and then I waved in and she like
kind of stopped for a minute in her car
we're in traffic so she's just
it was funny Rob dart who got a sleeping
baby tired back there snoring away now
we're gonna go pick up son tired from
dance he's got a he's got a big recital
coming up so he's been working really
hard on his new dance I'll have to show
it to you guys it's pretty radical he
starts off the entire dance like with
him and I twelve other kids and there's
three of them are boys and the rest of
them are girls and they have this
hip-hop routine and the way that they
have Bob routine starts is my son tart
doing the worm across the front of the
stage like that gets the whole dance
started scleras so I would eat what he
goes to do it I'll show you guys but
I've got more than one son mmm the law
it's like a poem she turned through her
back handspring today she did this by
herself yes all there so uh a little
spot but she hasn't it's just here
yeah it is done she's doing good she
gets excited I'm like good job she's
like are you dying are you doing good
you're looking fat look really ugly and
fat go to the gym
