but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is hotter than
Oh shame
hard to change
ah
barn egg this is early we're going to
school that's kind of early I always
drop these guys off at their bus stop
and I always look so glamorous sometimes
I wear my robe and I'm sure the other
kids are like tooth mom is that but I'm
glad you guys love me anyway good is
school camera yeah he's on tard let's go
what are you doing why are you just no
tying your shoes our bus comes early
like earlier than ever before like in
seven what time just buzz come
70-something
it's early so any who's fun let's go
let's go okay okay let's go let's go
what hold on son turn what's that you
say mom you don't have to look so pretty
cuz you don't already the prettiest
mother had oh yeah
that's your what's why you're my special
like in the Mirek I was looking in the
mirror trying to get something out of my
eyeball no oh I'm gonna see you on the
bus she loves to sit and watch the kids
get on the bus it's so much fun huh it's
fun and then we drive back home and eat
breakfast and sometimes we're not even
lay down and watch Rapunzel instead of
getting stuff done huh she's like for a
bunion then get me a fix and then we go
to gymnastics and then what do we do
skip that go oh go back to home and
you've lined with daddy
it's a great life isn't it huh when we
make up a bed we go to second
yes we do go to gymnastics
hello Shaytards how are you guys today
booter died everyone hi hi no you're not
why would you do that your septum bugger
you do not suck your thumb why because
then we'll have to get those metal
things on your teeth to fix them yeah
well yeah and they will hurt right guys
I've never had those metal things on my
teeth but I hear they hurt dad's dad's
had those things on his teeth but yours
will probably be worse cuz your top
mouth is sticking out overbite your
teeth will stick out they already are
sticking out yes they are
all right baby charge no more sucking
yourself and no more excuses
thank you no more excuses yeah eating
crackers that's good that's good
okay we just dropped the other kids off
at their classes
hip-hop son tard and gymnastics princess
chard and we are going to go do a little
bit of shopping a little bit of needless
shopping what that's what children are
born for right they have to say mom mom
mom till they get your attention and
then they don't have anything else
alright what I know it that's what you
guys are Sam for to tease me I got this
for Mother's Day this is my Mother's Day
present and some of you may be like
that's it but I love shopping and soshe
knows why would I buy her something if
she go shopping and find herself
something cuz I love shopping he it's
really bad what um
little little chips
nice shoes little princess Thanks
all right so let's go shopping I want to
find something pretty to put in our room
okay let's go
one more thing we're gonna go shopping
and find ginger effect of a present
cause it's her birthday today and she's
like my best friend so I kind of think
of something good I no idea what I'm
gonna get her but we're gonna think of
something good yeah you are four times
ago
well Rock card is really good at
pretending to be asleep I'm really good
at it I want to be in the friends I can
so I can still you want to sit there out
so you can film you're so sweet how old
you see there's the red numbers Wow hi I
just know what tie Rock dies this swing
does he sleep no I have fun shopping
what tell them about our shopping trip
and then you got a hold up silly value
can you see my face yes hi like candy
Seth well what baby toy doesn't realize
is we bought the sugar free kind
sugar-free for volleyball you did and
it's gonna be good how do you ever
Tigers free one good time what he was
sleeping and then they got real ornery
and that's when we turned the camera off
huh long honor√© cuz nobody wants on
your crying baby yes I want those candy
should we open them yeah how do you want
this cracker you know are you guys
getting dizzy yet no yeah red car where
we get our kiss
what we had together kiss we are
together kiss
I had kale our hearts to kiss here when
you turn it on yourself but clean each
other on yourself you gotta hold it out
like this and high among tard
what yeah okay
like this why you're upside down Oh
crazy are you crazy look crazy Wow bye
so we finished our shopping trip Rock
card was a little honoring during the
trip so he just doesn't like shopping he
doesn't appreciate shoes like baby tard
and I do we actually looked at a lot of
shoes and I found this pair that I love
see that so pretty I like them because
they're not too tall
I can't wear the really tall ones ever
since I've had kids I'm like I'm not
gonna do it it's not worth the pain guys
I know beauty is pain sometimes but it's
not worth it to me
so these ones I like because there are
only a few inches tall but they're still
pretty anywho I also bought an apron now
you're asking yourself can you let I
want you buy yourself an apron wow it's
really bright isn't it well I have a
collab coming up with ginger if acquara
we're both gonna be wearing aprons so
there's just a little insight you guys
should be excited cuz it's gonna be fun
what favorite hurts that film me mom
you and your sugar free Jelly Bellies
they're actually really good
I'm impressed Jelly Belly your sugar
fries are really good that's we're gonna
have to buy from now on so that we can
stop you so much well it's still
artificial sugar so I don't know what's
better or what's worse it's just we
should probably just stop eating candy
altogether right maybe tard should we
stop eating candy should we stop eating
candy no I don't want to stop
no no she goes right wait what no no no
no what are you talking about back there
baby talk said she wants to marry James
Bond baby card Renta star wants to marry
chicken noodle soup yes this is the
conversation I'm dealing with right now
friends this chart is when a married
chicken noodle soup Sun chard says you
can't or children soup will die and she
says I don't want to hear it it will not
I love chicken noodle soup I'm going to
marry it if it if you do it will die
blah blah blah blah I remember these
kind of arguments with my brothers and
sisters
ridiculous my brother and sister when
they were younger
have this big fight over whether the
salt and pepper shakers work girls or
boys wrap your head around that for a
minute they got in such a big fight that
they were like throwing punches it was
like a blown full-blown fistfight on
whether the salt and pepper shakers were
girls or boys so have the age-old
question is the salt and pepper is the
salt a girl or boy is the pepper a girl
or a boy I don't know the pepper is the
boy in the in the salt is the girl
why because Saul as mostly black and you
mean pepper has mostly black yes so Walt
has white is usually like white on
swarms white on swans yes because some
girls like mom swans or beautiful white
daisies well that's a good point I think
that's a very valid argument the
argument is over so now we figure out
the problem that pepper is boys and salt
as girls ha ha ha I'll call my brother
and sister and let him know sound good
yes it's time for dinner
it's obviously cold in here that's why
baby birds wearing her coat she just got
off the ski lift I thought she would
come into the lodge to have a burger and
fries before she goes out and hits the
moguls again is that what you're doing
yeah ok princess art calcine is not the
only person who watches our videos okay
listen I have a lot of other friends and
people who watch my videos I think I
think it's a start things like Justin
Bieber for dessert thinks she's on skype
with Cassidy every time I turn on the
camera what are we having for dinner oh
good I'll be healthy super good precise
yeah little facts about baby tired she's
a no sauce kind of girl what do you
learn something like that I'm a sauce
kind of guy you guy ketchup ranch sour
cream I love all the sauces and shall we
know you we can tell you're fat you like
sauces anyways I think dozen kids go
through a plain stage I did you did I
still do I don't want to fight about it
she likes no sauce we're talking meat
cheese bread that's it only french fries
no ketchup and she won't even eat those
we eat those peas yes you will you
listen baby tardes the weirdest eating
habits show you know their biggest
addiction is candy what dogs well I
don't know I think that's a compliment
unless are they good hot dogs oh this is
the best hot dogs I've ever had um yum
yum thanks for the hot dog rock card was
raising his hand
what was he what did he want to ask rock
tide wanna fry yes yes this sound like
you said yes steady yes - oh that was
adorable
play it back Shane 32 times do it
Rock chart has found himself a little
project in the kitchen first he opened
this drawer and he took all the towels
out and he threw him on the floor
and now yeah you always doing it and now
he's picking them up and putting them
back in the drawer can you see baby ever
you're so cute hey rock cards what are
you doing wait you are you gonna walk
over here can't it see it come over and
see me okay put it back thanks for
helping out dude
no I don't know what he's doing
hmm maybe I'll wear this this is kind of
now what you gonna do pull it back out
that's what we do we create more work
for ourselves you know who needs TV
these days if you have a baby you don't
need TV cuz it's just so entertaining
what are you are you trying to get it
can't reach it stretch there you go Oh
fine fu hey i canna put them all back
now good thank you
Thanks good job am I the only one amused
by this I could just watch him all day
long so cute hey guys
oh you sleepy
you get cute when you're sleepy rock
hard same mama yeah hey kiss your mama
he's way too busy to say anything
alright I'll let you get back to your
work I'll quit bugging you okay you let
me know when you're done okay I can't
turn it off because what if you did
something really cute again I'll miss it
well now what are you gonna do just shut
the door Hey oh crap which one was it
how what do I do with all this stuff on
the floor mom come help me hi hi guy 3
say hi to everyone
All Right see you later yep
hey cap feels I have a show him I'm
going side I'm cold are you gonna become
a cameraman someday you're cold
well baby tard it was her idea to bring
the camera here I'm tired as left to
shoot his gun and we have a gorgeous
sunset going on already she did yeah
is that is it just me or do you have
marshmallows on your chin
how embarrassing you know they're right
30 of their on your chin
she is you want to film centaur shooting
but wait here I think we should just say
this maybe Turner you're the one who ran
out here inside dad here's the camera
you need to film did you shoot - I was
even ready
hey baby sir do you want to be in charge
of the camera there you're in charge
grab it
I got ya good it's yours
one side let me hold you I hope you a
sucker can open the door go ahead I'll
go ahead open the gate for you
