the dart lives on can you guys see see a
little dark Oh No
oh we messed up the lighting switch
switch okay see that little dart right
there that has a Nerf dart how long has
that Nerf dart been stuck in that window
above our entryway who knows who knows
how humph it's been stuck there
I think it's been 2 or 3 months honey
hey woman darned woman's art get in here
hey hey do the dishes and cooks dinner
tarde get in here how long is that
Dartmouth up there
it's like two months longer than two
months I don't know I thought it was
like two months who knows who knows
listen I'm making this quick iPhone
video because of stalker tard if you
don't have soccer tard he stalks me and
we're buddies
he went to dinner with me and Nina
anyways he he said it's a sad day and
Shh art history we must all say goodbye
to the dart from the window cuz I guess
in today's vlog I'm carrying the kids up
the stairs and I guess you couldn't see
it but it's still there you're mistaken
my friend it lives on on the window huh
it is really gonna be a sad day though
when that falls down because it's funny
probably like every five to ten vlogs
will show that window like when we're
walking up the stairs and I'll see the
commenter to be like oh the darts still
there I still see the dart and it's like
a reoccurring theme that only happens
like I only see the comment like maybe
once a week or once every two weeks or
something I thought that was really
funny I saw stalker turns tweet oh and
also this these um flowers that Dave
Ramsey sent me they have snapdragons in
them stalker turn also asked me it's a
little creepy that this would happen I'm
trying to folk
oh that beautiful he asked me please
tell me that you know how to make them
snap yes last night when I was going to
bed we put these flowers right here in
our entryway Dave Ramsey gave us these
it's like welcome to our home bright
bouquet of flowers it's so welcoming
anyways I was going up to bed it's like
3:00 in the morning I'm like oh yeah I
remember these flowers hello how are you
doing Shaytards thanks for tuning in for
this quick iPhone video these your
father say on Twitter alrighty then take
it easy
ahh
