hey guys what's up what's the deal yo is
that a speech oh look they're showing
Venice Beach on the television we're
gonna live there this summer I don't
know what I'm watching actually you're
probably watching Real Housewives -
Venice Beach we know you love that show
say I do not love that show I even know
if that's a show I think I was watching
I don't know erased Discovery Channel's
where it's at
tonight Monday night an all-new senior
vs. junior I'm excited I love that show
that's like my favorite show any hustles
I'm just sitting here I just uploaded
today's vlog just me in the office doing
my job
uploading videos it's like I got a
makeup the doughnuts was that commercial
with a god and make the donut so the
Dunkin Donuts commercial it's for you
old people out there I remember you
coming like God and make the dawn of
this show - this is a survivor like the
two dudes these guys like there's a
hippie one and then there's like a
marine one they survive together a
hippie guy literally like never wear
shoes
he's just no shoes anywhere I think even
in the winter when they had he had all
he had on was socks like wool socks and
no shoes why am I getting up on these
tangents I wanted to talk about today's
video about thumbs up being the video I
know it's like there's always an
annotation and I told I always tell my
wife from like you know what if I had
like how many hours have I spent
thinking like trying to think of a funny
annotation to put on the video for a
thousand of them I'm just like oh so
sick of ever like trying to have I mean
it's it's dumb to do it anyways it's
something that happens you know on
YouTube the reason I honestly like
thumbs up is because I can tell like for
instance I just uploaded this video an
hour ago it's been up for about an hour
has 5100 thumbs up on it and to me I
know for sure 51 people have watched
this video in the last hour the YouTube
doesn't update for like 12 hours so it's
it's you guys know this unless you're a
noob you're gonna know there's oh my
gosh words there's more ratings and
views now you guys know about this hey
YouTube yeah they don't update for like
12 hours so it just sits there on 305
views for like 12 hours and you have no
idea how many people have actually
watched it unless you look at the thumbs
up and that's why it's always
interesting to mix I'm thinking that's
so exciting in the last hour
50-100 people have been at a computer
anyway and it was like they pushed on
this button because I just put up this
video so it's like it's almost like this
real communication like I said there I
picture like 50 100 people like who are
these people
what are their bedrooms like what kind
of computers are they any like just
weird stuff I'm talking to all of you
guys on hole so that's cool that's the
reason that's the only reason I asked
you guys to thumbs up it's not because I
want to get on the front page you know I
just want the communication anyways okay
so mommy tart took Sun tart and the
ninos to dance I know I'm having a
little bit of a late day if I don't get
the vlog up in time to help mommy turn
take the kids to their dances and their
practices we're gonna text message oh oh
oh oh that's for Carly you guys check
this out my good buddy Dave Ramsey's
sent us flowers today can you believe
that he sent us this little card that
says thanks for the lift and friendship
Dave Ramsey I think he's sending me
those because I tweeted his book the
other day he has this new book out well
it's on pre-order right now it's called
entre leadership so I tweeted it and I
think that's why I sent him to us ory
cuz he just thinks I'm a great guy I
hope that 3 is the native hope you're
watching he tweeted I tweeted oh how
nice does this mean we're going steady
now on the Twitter so that's just a
little update I'll see you guys later
bye
don't scream like
you love it Shh
I think they're pretty they're as big as
you are no I got it for me you guys are
for Meghan why would you get them for
any of you guys well it's gonna be hey
what are you doing baby guard what do
you think mommy tard
I just I am like if you would have told
me three years ago the Dave Ramsey is
gonna send flowers to our house why'd he
send us flowers no I think he just said
up to me you guys are not for you
there's me and Dave he's like what
you're gonna right now can you take me
Mother's Day shopping so I thought about
your mother's okay
I guess so noises baby just like I'm not
saying maybe I should string to this
turn to the side let me see those
where's your Healy's at why you scream
like Pavlov's dogs yeah oh my they did
what did the note say would they say I
want to know you have them yes go get
him and bring him here I want you to
bring those home so I can put them on
the internet for everybody can put them
on the internet what what they say tell
me tell me said you're sexy that's what
the note said alright that's not very
nice to say that what else would they
say mommy tired get in here
my boys are just gonna be so handsome
but we're gonna have to home-school ok
that's what high school that's when I
that's when the sxe y starts happen son
tarde that's not very nice to say though
you're too young for that don't you know
there's gonna be plenty of crazy girls
my good friend what you said that that
was it a note no I said what oh you're
after or you're like no I didn't ask
that lad to her no I'm just like I often
have the same question in my mind I see
where it gets it every day I get up and
I look in the mirror listen centered let
me tell you this right now you're seven
years old you're in kindergarten put on
the brakes
oh snap is in first grade come on dad
you can me a lame lousy kindergartner
I'm in first grade sucker
you just don't understand dad I love
them not the crazy one
c'mere son Jordan I want you to stay
away from these note writing psycho sxe
why you writin Chiquita Benitez you put
your foot on the brake first your first
grader one you tell Miss Lee tell them
all you say what up ladies I'm glad your
affections towards me are so public but
let's just let's just get this clear
right now
I can't even stand on my own two feet so
how how can I be a via Slee you get
rolling back in slow motion shake are
later in fun hey let's just stay away
from the females seriously can you bring
some of that candy alright again come on
yes ma'am
right I put the kids to bed good night
this is very calm and collected mother
there's a smile
what are you know your eye candy camera
Oh Carly careful Oh shaken baby you're
just gonna get her really good she
doesn't really jump that time
