he's smart not like these dudes grease
all around the backstretch comes baby
tired on her pink little bite come on
pedal get your legs going do you like it
do you love it
too bad it's not your birthday you can't
have it can you ride a bike without
training wheels yet not yet
watch oh go run over his toe then I'll
see you tweet in their case working your
abs looks good
I'm just working in scrunchies he's
doing his crunches
three rotations up yeah you ready there
we go she's a pro look at that flat as a
board okay you got it you gotta get get
goes he's dying for a helicopter yeah
okay okay hey you guys check out the
Lancelot's
amazing attire check that shirt out you
gotta if you got a butt kiss your way
they talk you guys better go subscribe
to him he's wearing my shirt links in my
pants
gay love it everyone's watching go games
like Logan's haircut what do you think
about Logan's haircut
hey you ready dude
ready to rock this hot you look ready
you do it hey I want to see your tricks
what tricks did you learn in gymnastics
whoa is that a front handspring let's
see a handstand e to a handstand ho
point your toes
oh good do it again 20 the toe nice
you're getting good at that huh let's go
your towel you need your towel huh hey
how's your birthday party you having fun
oh the princess needs someone to hold
her crown she's gonna do some tricks
Sofia front flip right the start good
front flip nice job good one think you
think he hit his head okay Carly go
my Achilles no one metre oh yeah dog
roll on this roll on this footage you
guys ready to see the princess daughter
look rock tarts walking it's a little
bit of assistance pink got my pink I'm
just walking along you with my pink oh
hey hey here here let's move it away
from them a little bit can I go go let
them send up
come on stand up you're almost doing it
dude
Marsh much what were their egos
he like got ahead of himself is like
you've done this is the moment are you
gonna put it all about farther come on
dude minister was there he's cruising
now that's gonna it could help him learn
Tokyo Drift
he's a drift start Oh baby he's going
fast whoa what's that big sponge what
you got there gauger get you big sponge
walk walk ya up your aunt into a wall
we're gonna do now how old was your
youngest kids when they started walking
this is my grandma yeah he's the
youngest one 8 8 months old why she had
little stubby legs that's about like him
who gave her that she did let me see let
me see that this is how it smeared all
that is so cool
did you talk Thank You yeah that's
awesome I love it
what are you doing you collecting cinder
blocks nice
cool ok you guys ready the dudes who's
good at the skateboard things gonna walk
the ramp check this out
do it dawg we're ready want your big bro
nice that was a mod thing he's like get
me off of this
Oh rocky turn a job
yes like no emotion at all yeah cuz I go
whatever whatever that's pretty cool I
guess
all right baby toilet okay you up first
Casey you go first we do our gymnast run
okay
go here goes Casey's gymnast run Go Go
okay watch mine here they're gonna get
on you was
Thank You Bailey where you been doing I
haven't seen you the entire party where
were you at you were right there let's
see do it trick dude people hey dude
people in the comments have been saying
they think that you're missing cuz you
haven't been in the last couple vlogs
people think you're missing cuz you
weren't in the last couple of blog blogs
do you care
are you even listening to me let's see
your trick go into the pit
alright let me get over here get ready
whoa
barrel roll that wasn't it that looks
like something to me that's pretty cool
okay that's it nice
