he's
Oh tired I'm up I'm ready to go we're
going I don't know all right we're at
the store and it's just me and Laura up
rock and Roli Oh head over here hi hi
what you doing how are you doing
yay we are here at the store to get some
stuff for Princess Hearts birthday guys
excited she is so cute she is six going
on sixteen I asked her what she wanted
for a birthday she said I'm wanted es
which I can't decide if she's quite old
enough to have one because I want them
to be able to take care of them there's
gonna take care of them themselves
sundar is really good at that he takes
care of his PSP or PS whatever it is PS
something whatever is the handheld PS
PlayStation version anyway he takes
really good care of his he always has it
in its case he always makes sure its
charge keeps it away from the baby so
he's really good at that I'm not sure if
princess heart is quite ready for that
but she really wants one so it's kind of
I don't know I don't know I'll talk to
Shane we'll see what happens
anyways she wants that she wants play
make up she wants all these things that
are like I'm teenager now but then she
also wants Polly Pockets so we are here
to get her some presents hopefully she
doesn't see this video today okay
anything else anything else rocked hard
you have anything else to say
yes okay that's good that's important -
all right let's go oh I hope you guys
like my outfit today I mean I got the
penguin pants on again I've got my
sweater you know my tennis shoes I just
I just like to get really dressed up
when I come out to go shopping I mean
it's just it's really important to me to
look nice
yeah there you guys are
well I got in this store and I couldn't
find my camera anywhere and I was like I
don't think I left in the car and I was
digging through my purse I couldn't find
it anyways it was in the bottom of my
purse my purse is just like five miles
deep so I just couldn't find you guys
ones hurry anyway we went shopping we
got some stuff but I didn't really buy
very much because I thought you know
wait till Shay is done with his stuff
and we'll see if Carly commercial kids
because I think that he wants to be
involved with the present picking as
well so we're just going to wait present
but we got a bunch of stuff we needed
and we got her favorite things for
breakfast strawberries watermelon and
cinnamon toast so that's probably for
breakfast today what are you saying
you're even saying the right thing hey
baby tired
remember remember when you were a baby
and I you see how quite upset I need to
say clients that can take quite that say
again I'm gonna get you a child abuse is
about to happen again child abuse
Carhartt said okay well I'm a kind of
300 are you gonna go now you stop you're
stuck know what we put these benches up
so Malachi can't come in here
these are malachite guards cuz this is
like our nice room this is like when
company comes over and you sit down you
sit in this room and Malachi he's made
this couch leg is a little den it's been
gross honey I'm okay you guys you guys
get me
it's a zombie brains to each other hello
everybody
we're just here at Sun tardes soccer
practice the girls are actually coming
this way now they're running around
outside because it's sunny but it's
still windy and kind of cold
here comes baby chard I wonder what she
wants let's see what she wants
what do you want hold on hold on hold on
oh there's rock hard hey rock hard he's
doing oh excuse me excuse me princess
guard what are you doing funny rocked I
was really happy because he found when
the baby tarts leftover Oreos in the
backseat and he is never had an Oreo
before but he loves it all right we'll
see you later crazy charge oh my god
baby tarts learning to draw that's not
you're such a good teacher princess our
little bit down right here princes heart
is a very big sister she's always
teaching maybe toward her letters she's
practiced oh good oh good baby teacher
your son turned out here where did he go
he's in the all black just kind of
kicking his legs around yes
good job son tard I'm too lazy to get
out there she charts
what baby chopped down I'll drop this
axe baby turn around I ordered it
awesome good job baby tired what what
are you doing dude oh that's a diaper
it's a clean one I use a little hat in
the container city house um hi
looks like you found something else to
chew on all right it's time to clean you
up
