he's
something big happened in my life just
now mommy's heart thinks it's weird
because we hear you're like why is it so
cool well you were like surprised as I
was so excited but you were never a boy
scout this reminds me of being a boy
scout it's like I just became an Eagle
Scout well not an Eagle Scout yet cuz I
haven't gotten the cold anyways so oh my
love you guys know that I fly a lot I'm
always traveling forever ago I was like
I gotta get to sky miles you guys remind
me to get sky mouse I've missed out on
so many flights that I didn't get on my
sky miles but finally I did it probably
three four months ago and I got my Delta
SkyMiles card today I just got the
silver medallion
I just went one notch up not only am I
like before it's like you're just like a
friggin flyer member make you're part of
the little group but once you get so
many miles it's like you get badges like
there's levels this is genius for them
to do this because it's like exciting
now I want to go on more flights because
I want to work up to get to the gold
medallion but anyways I'm silver
medallion and what that means is just
find flights I would have flown anyways
you build up these points and I've been
upgraded once I became a silver
medallion they upgrade you to
first-class if there's enough room so
when I go to check-in my flight and
there's ten first-class seats and only
six people are filling them if I go to
check-in they'll upgrade me to
first-class immediately because I'm a
silver medallion member so proud I have
almost 40,000 SkyMiles
anyways Delta should pay me a lot for
all that promotion
I hate Delta Delta sucks if I can pee
right now at pee all over Delta in their
airplanes but anyways I love that I'm a
silver medallion number
- mrs. princess tard
baby God things the happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear mrs. princess
dad happy birthday
yeah wow you really utilized the rest be
sexy mom happy birthday happy birthday
Oh bunny bunny bunny happy birthday
happy birthday hope everybody Barney
happy birthday happy birthday Bella
Bonnie happy birthday to you put aside
this aside do you like but but stars
alone in the room celebrating her
birthday we thought of
the princess she blows out her candles
thoughts are the gig happy birthday this
is her thoughts are the gift that is the
gift that we are giving her as these
memories these moments in our lives
we're giving her you know a childhood
that she'll never forget she will always
remember her sixth birthday because of
these amazing songs I've seen to her
right now
you're three you're three but you're not
forced see look she's challenged she
wants a song to her dad that was such a
good song okay some arrived happy
birthday I bought you a wolf t-shirt
like everybody else in the world ok
enough happy birthdays your birthday is
over shut up Briggs I start getting a
lot of tweets on my phone a lot of
people are tweeting you rock hard
it's not your birthday hush your mouth
let me read you some of these too
spurred starred I mean I'm getting a ton
of them for you none of them for me
they're all for princess hard rock chart
I'm about to read some tweets yo love
it's hard you don't want some tweets
they're all for it to start anyways got
some tweets to you guys send baby turn
some tweets okay I just told him to send
you some tweets
I'm gonna read put the starts right now
because it's her birthday okay so
Manderson 23:02 says shaycarl i've got
princess started her barbecue where
should I send it Happy Birthday Princess
card Amy cat 728 says I will certainly
get princess art a bunch of Polly
Pockets and candy no problem thanks Amy
cat 728 and then risky business
aww says Happy Birthday Princess hard
love you chica smiley face wondering
more is that enough shame de Mars or
Shanna Shanna de Mars says happy
birthday to your sweet girl princess
card six wow she's such a big girl
you're not a big girl yours little baby
uh yeah
okay open - sorry I just got one more I
just got one more okay let me just
refresh her oh it's from its from the
toy the inventor of all toys and
everything that has to do with toys and
Polly Pockets and Barbies and anything -
I related it's that guy that mr. I'm in
charge of all toys that have anything to
do with any kid in the universe that's
his name he just sent a tweet and he
said dear friends it's hard I'm so sorry
we just ran out of toys love mr. person
who's in charge of all the toys in all
the universe that ever happens with toys
on no dude he just tweeted that
take it was not not thinking there all
right I'm so getting presents oh yeah
look at that that's where I gonna go in
the kitchen what do you think for the
stars I look sweet
Alex so nice that frame oh yeah that's
gonna be a classic family photo hey bird
start you just got a tweet from your
boyfriend know what that says what guess
what he said to you
he says Happy Birthday Princess tart I
love you too your boyfriend loves you do
you have a message back for Castle I
love you so much I'm gonna make this
dollar disappear right before Rob tards
eyes and he's not gonna even know where
it went for this
your eyes are you ready to make this
promise on camera okay we just made a
pact
princess card is six years old today we
just asked her that when she's 16 years
old in exactly 10 years from down you're
16 16 year old birthday are you still
gonna love your mom and dad thank you
and you promise you'll love us and
you'll kiss us in public and you won't
be embarrassed by us swear she's smart
she saw the future already I know I'm
gonna hate you when I'm 16 I'm gonna be
pissed to you because won't let me date
the boy I want to date not gonna let me
go to the prom I want to go to you're
not gonna buy me the car I want
hey listen I want to talk to you as a 16
year old girl okay because I feel like
these words gonna be important when in
10 years from now listen I'm not I'm
talking to you right now okay okay look
at the camera I'm talking to you when
you're 16 not right now in your six I
love you right now as a six year old I'm
talking to you when you're 16 listen
princess are that boy it's not the one
you're gonna marry and behave yourself
well I don't know who he is now you'll
find out when he comes seriously dad you
don't understand I love his California
on video hey guys are you okay so mommy
tartar was worried about this cuz listen
look we got white nightstands we have in
white bed here's my nightstand that
one's fine but we also got a black
leather couch and our other furniture is
dark too so what my research says is
that or what do you new black framed
pictures over the bed that's her that's
her styling plan till I kind of tie in
the room together what lamps on our
things oh do I have to get one yeah I
was like oh I don't want to live on mine
do I have to okay
anyways so yeah mommy Tara was worried
because we never the black dresser or
whatever than the black nightstand but
now we got some white and black plus the
black couch and then also so black
picture frames over here but then you
want to do a white picture frames on
this side that's your plan oh I'll agree
to those terms and conditions I think
it's cool
okay so we're watching um Conan we're
about to go to bed and Conan is
hilarious tonight the reason we're
watching Conan is because James Blunt is
on which means our daughter is gonna be
on possibly there might be his
city cover we're huge fans of Conan and
we've watched ha well I mean we watched
you know hundreds of episodes of Conan
but we don't see it every night you know
you know maybe watch it once a week or
something but tonight we're definitely
watching it because our buddy James
Blunt is on it and he has a fusion hair
I mean does anybody not know at this
point I feel like we're like bragging
about it every 30 seconds hey hey guys
shake our there do you know my
daughter's on James Bunch CD but we're
proud we're like excited and James Blunt
like it's cool because he's like really
a good friend of us of ours because we
like changed emails ooh not a few times
it's like oh our buddy James Blunt is
gonna be on the Conan show right so it's
almost even more than our daughter at
this point it's like our friend James
Blunt is gonna be on this big show okay
I'm gonna shut up some kind of trouble
you'll be appearing at The Wiltern right
here in lodges please welcome James
Blunt and this dude rocks he is one of
the best guitar players I've ever heard
live this dude right here there's my
buddy
too many noises invisible I'm gonna show
you the dude this camera here he I
talked to him and I talked to him for 15
minutes in Denver
me and this dude hanging out that's the
exact same shirt he wore at the Denver
show it is isn't it that is the same
t-shirt he wore to the Denver show three
days ago go look at my Twitpic that ID
twittered of him and us behind stage
he's wearing this exact same shirt oh
that's true that is true cuz he took a
shower home when we were backstage we
were like okay this is getting weird
this is really getting weird
and he ate peanut butter and jelly
sandwich for lunch that day this okay
this is obviously getting kind of weird
okay let's just watch okay I'm gonna
shut up I'm embarrassed now that's a
little weird
like the same shirt this is ridiculous
I love this song by the way sing it
monitor
Munich thank you so much for being here
that was amazing look at ours now oh
yeah actually this is
Pennywise really cool mute
shut up Conan hilarious that was cool
that was fun no it's awesome exciting
James we love you
alright goodnight no it's time for mommy
and daddy to him that's weird yeah I had
to take advantage of my sick sexy voice
it's a it's the sick it could be the six
distinct sexy a shaycarl hair that was
more that wasn't that sexy that was more
like there was one woman who liked to
sleep
her name was Molly tired alright can I
love you
