ah Jim dead Jim dead Jim he's gonna do
it oh he keeps checking it out come here
I succumb that other baby I'm like why
is that maybe as much hair
yeah
you're singing all the single ladies I
don't know about that
you'll come back this way is it you just
like stay one spot shaycarl
seen in an airport they never yell at
you it's the coolest thing ever
those are good bearings bro bone Swiss
bearings only way to go
ah
if you watch hold up do you see Logan
yeah
oh gosh
maybe it's hard to say dad there's a
balloon and I just asked her I could
throw her up there and grab her and she
said yes you're gonna grab it okay
you're taking coat off okay so watch I'm
just gonna watch up you have to grab it
okay - a better one stop doing bad ones
do a kickflip dog can you do a kickflip
dog
that wasn't the kickflip oh nice you
almost had it
do the po po po PO's over there no
skateboarding zone almost landed it dude
if you don't land I'm gonna punch you in
the army
all right there just one do just one
that hurt let's see your skateboard what
kind of scale it as well
it's a Ryan Sheckler Plan B what are
those patrol dog magnesium trucks -
magnesium trucks world dog is our swing
dude you guys have tensor magnesium
trucks I don't
come on October this is your moment
you're such a disappointment to me kick
in the earth that's what that's the
second reason why babies wear diapers
cuz it pads their but when they fall
every time I see you have a diaper on
that player trying to hold my boy down
trying to hold my boy down well we
called and ordered we pre-ordered to the
restaurant of Grandma Lynette hey guys
shaycarl here I just wanted to give you
guys some behind-the-scenes like on an
average day for me Shay turn industries
you know what some of the things that I
do well I get up in the morning you know
I clean my office I I think about some
of the family excuse me
committee person Robert you guys spend a
lot of the family things clear my desk
and you know watch read yesterday's
comments you know kind of wake up check
the internet reinter see Twitter check
the Facebook you know you have your
little routine and then the time of the
day comes where we have to upload the
vlog I mean that's a big moment we don't
do anything until the vlogs uploaded
it's like okay is the vlog gonna be up
before soccer practice or to eat dinner
and hours of the vlog up when's the vlog
gonna be about okay I'll be there in a
minute it's processing okay we're almost
about to come so it's always like a big
part of the day when the vlogs going up
and whenever you're done you're freakin
mess man up I had a style thing going
here will you missiles oh you know and
then wrong turn helps me do the go
he's like dad see this water bill I got
it it's all it's all me dad listen I
want to pull my own weight around here
you know I feel like I just a collage
they don't so you know you know bills
hey thanks ruptor don't forget to pay
the cell phone bill anyway so this is my
committee of uploaders we all get
together usually around 2 we like to hit
the upload button around 2:00 2:30
whatever you know they get off school
anyway so I bring my committee in here
and we all just me upload and we talked
about we bounce ideas off each other
we brainstorm we set goals it's regular
committee you know all right thank you
so listen we're at 40% uploaded is there
anything that needs to be brought to get
up again than the border
yes committee person registered another
shout out to captain Jeannie you like
firework by Katy Perry
everybody tweet this video to Katy Perry
this is a crazy baby you know about this
baby
it smells like honey oh it's like my own
candle I mean like lightest hair on fire
oh I'm gonna buy this brand of Yankee
Candle it's called head of rock head of
rock the best known in baby - and love
it does it sir so what do you put on
them it's like ice cream it's like you
rub ice cream on when you get out of the
bathtub
quit slippin down you're not you're not
you're ugly you're not like that you use
that oh okay you should be yeah
he loves that song okay cut it
committee return everybody come on okay
that's all behind the scenes for now
okay go away bye
hey guys I'm here with baby's heart and
we have a question for you in the Toy
Story movie series of the three there's
different characters that we've come to
know and love the two main ones are
Woody and Buzz Lightyear right so here's
my question to you who is more famous
who is more popular woody or Buzz
Lightyear who do you think more people
know about in the world like who that
little kid we recognize first
I'm not saying one's right or wrong
because I love a ball I love duper vlog
you're doing something I'll just tell
you what just happened this why bring
this back okay look everyone so while
the girls come in here and they're like
dad we put me out a picture so I can
color so we'll come here we'll Google
like Disney color pictures that we'll
find you know something that they like
and they'll say here on my lap like five
minutes and we go through and I'm like
pick one I know you've been sitting for
20 minutes you gotta pick one so we're
sitting here she won't pick one cuz she
like just wants to stare at him all day
and then we came across this and I
started asking I'm like who's this who's
this think see what who she recognized
she recognized Mickey Mouse she didn't
recognize Tigger
and so then I came to Buzz Lightyear and
I said baby card who is this and she
goes um that's what he's friend that's
what he's friend huh she didn't know his
name but she knew that he was what Oh
are we done vlogging what you want me to
turn it off what okay why cuz we're
gonna look at these pictures some more
no don't
okay say bye to these guys say I do you
like better woody or Buzz Light here
there was no option see there was no
option see they painted all right
just silly gal yeah a silly silly cat
you know that you know that you got
silly sit again that's fine and me I saw
Manjit they'd still imagine beer looks
really bushy bushy beard hi my name is
captain bushy beard one man one woman
came together in the summer of the
spring time it was a matter what you
said though chewy damn rivaling for one
love could could they be together
forever hold my hand Montana what are
you doing get in the crosswalk there's a
crosswalk you should have went through
that crosswalk sorry hi she like this
freakin jaywalk night dude stop right as
I turned good like he's not stopping the
crosswalk listen I had rights as a
motorist there I had rights as motorists
okay so fetus we're to talk about Osama
bin Laden he has been sniper in that
hand
oh we just read James Blunt's Twitter
what is it get right here are you - this
is what product brought up the topic of
conversation
James Blunt follow him on Twitter he's
our buddy we've hung out in like twice
cool guy these are dirty little dirty
lil well hello well I am blunt on
Twitter leave a link down sir yes sirs
my pants are in the wash so you have to
go downstairs into the my pants they're
in my pants but it's down in the wash
it's go downstairs anywhere seems really
bad right here
oh no I'm Miller for ladies for
everything their life is over here's
what James Blunt with he said perhaps
don't celebrate perhaps just say a
little prayer for the friends and foes
of the innocents villains civilians who
have died because of him hashtag OBL
so that was like last night watching the
news when it first happened when I first
heard about it I was like oh geez like
right when I heard about I was like
Twitter is gonna blow up that's the
first thing that thought and I was
trying to get on there's like cool and
then it's like you know everybody has
their Obama jokes you know or Osama
jokes that was funny to wait last night
with the news reporters even on Fox News
I saw Twitpic that up Fox News when it
first happened Oh pop posted Obama bin
Laden is dead and I don't know if it's
like a Photoshop thing or if it really
happened some people are saying that
interns getting fired you know if it was
a mistake where Fox News really did it
cuz they're they hate the liberals
anyway so there's a lot of that stuff
going on last night which is always
exciting to me you know and it's like
everybody's opinions come out and it
didn't happen at first cuz everyone was
like in celebrating and then I admit I
made some Osama bin Laden jokes I
thought mine were funny I even thought
mine were funny of course I did I
thought mine were very tactful tasty and
funny tasty tasty my tweeter tastes so
follow me on Twitter I have tasty tweets
I should be my bio tasty tweets
um you know so you know I got caught up
in the whole hub love in love but love
of I was a big moment I was sweet and
Michael Buckley about how cool it is
that I feel that too it may seem weird
but anything like a big moment happens
in history I always go to Twitter it's
like like everybody else Sam what are
all my friends thinking what should I
say this like witty and funny own I want
to be part of the conversation I feel
like it's like literally we all go to
this room together I like talking we're
all able to talk together of all this
little Twitter community if you know if
you don't have a Twitter you're like you
are a freaking nerd this is nerd talk
but it really is it's a big part of our
lives so any usuals then eventually be
more like but why are we celebrating
some he's dead I mean sure he was Osama
bin Laden we all agree that he's a bad
dude and that we're glad he's dead
that's not part of the the argument it's
like well how should we react maybe we
should just be a little bit more
respectful like mommy guard well we're
not 11 turn the camera on you that's
what you said what were you saying well
I know I do not feel like yes
dad let's drink a beer and dance in the
streets naked yeah we killed that son of
a bee who which some people work well
and I didn't feel that way but I just
thought you know this is a big day in
history but I didn't feel like yes get
it but I think that is the biggest thing
like I was talking about the other day
is intolerance let people celebrate how
they wanted some people you know maybe
that's how they want to celebrate maybe
they want to go out and shoot their guns
in the air and so bright I like that
it's a victorious moment for them they
feel like you know see for me we're
gonna have different opinions right I
mean I saw vyas not last night I was
reading Twitter about an hour two hours
after it happened and opinions were
flying the flames of the opinion blaze
okay anyway so just like let people you
know handle issues how they do because
like I said we all have different
backgrounds yeah it's not like there's I
don't think there's like a right or
wrong way it's like maybe something like
maybe that's that tasteful and so that's
something I would do I wouldn't go out
and do that but something like yeah you
kidding me this was America's my country
I feel good about this this all think
it's showing disrespect but it's like
maybe that's just how they you know
that's how they their feelings come out
understand too if you know if somebody
lost a loved one that was like oh yeah
everybody feel like justice was served
more so maybe and so they would want to
celebrate so whatever you're like the
most judgmental bathroom
mommy tart accepts no one she's always
like oh look at that much of a person I
can't believe they're doing oh my gosh I
don't even want to know like what your
opinion is okay
well yes I do because you want more
comments hey guys this is a
controversial issue leave your opinions
in the comments below but what are
really where the point of this whole
little conversation is I think I feel
like you know everybody does things a
little bit different it's okay like
that's what's gonna heal the world
people that's what's gonna heal the
world is people they like okay I
definitely do not agree with what that
person says but I mean that's fine like
be okay with it you have to really be
okay with it and not be like oh if I
could punch them personally
stupid you know I'm saying you know I'm
saying most you get that why are we this
is weird vlogging six minutes too much
blogging and lose my voice already okay
you gotta go we're seeing is too much
father
oh yes the risks we're stopping now
owners yelling I get all this traffic
yeah Wow eyebrows I do you guys kind of
cut
