oh great we got let a little mr. Tarzan
out here excuse me hi miss Tarzan hi
Shay car with Eyewitness News we're just
coming to see how you got up in that
tree uh how miss Tarzan talks are you a
monkey
wah-ha-ha-ha did you fruit as the
elevation get into your head you forgot
how to talk are you a monkey oh ha ha ha
but if you fall out of there and break
your arm hey what have you Father don't
break your arm
what if you do speak to me in the real
language woman you will not break your
arms out he said ok you'll catch a
branch on the way down look what you're
teaching your cousin hey you gonna climb
up there what are you gonna do when you
get up there huh do you speak a weird
language too young man what language do
you speak oh oh that's a wonderful
language I think you speak the language
look at me look at me your eyes are so
blue open your eyes really big open eyes
really big why they get so blue what
happened were those blue eyes record hey
you shut your freakin mouth
we got a third member of the clan speak
in the language excuse me baby tart
monkey what language are you speaking
whoa what is that that's you're lucky he
like seems like I was saying whoo ha ha
ha whoo ha ha ha whoo ha ha ha and next
time I'll fill you in about Leo okay see
ya you live in that tree all right I'm
going inside it's getting cold out here
hey baby card is that a hula hoop on the
ground is it a hula hoop put here to
crawl through it you just crawl through
the hoop that's attached to the ground
Cooper can you crawl through it too Oh
everybody through the portal through the
portal Oh welcome to the third dimension
my friend yeah now you hurry monkey girl
through the portal can you fit are you
fat oh she's stuck the hula hoops got
you here you're hung up hung up yeah
there you go come on man get through the
third dimension should we see if I can
fit through it why not you guys only got
vent here will you phone me I'm gonna
try to fit why don't you go fit because
why
why don't you think I'll fit through
there get here and skinnier and skinnier
so you're not so fat okay here we go
wait a minute let me guess are you
playing the guitar how can I tell cuz
why play guitar I love that song
wait a minute young lady get back here
right now get your butt back in here
ASAP hustle
get your oh you better hurry up what is
that you're wearing where did you get
that when the Justin Bieber giveth today
wait a minute Justin Bieber was hanging
out with mommy tard you better stay away
from my wife
Justin Bieber he's a good boy daddy and
I love him what what you have chocolate
you guys are cracking up all right let's
see your bend come on ready
super you're playing the drums freaked
out alright alright that's good alright
everybody
go away no it's nice knowing you hey
print the start you think sometimes I
can borrow that shirt from you yeah I
want to wear it do you favor yeah did he
eat it what kind of salad choices Justin
Bieber like Subway sandwiches how do you
know David Banner your mayor
hey Justin Bieber thanks for the shirt
bro my daughter really likes it
Fritz's star just asked come here don't
be shy I'm Suzy guy she thinks Justin
Bieber's watching this video I said a
little brittle start ask me she's dead
does Justin Bieber watch our videos
because we can't recognize now a lot
like anywhere we go out somebody's like
Shaytards or they want to take a picture
with us or something and so the kids
like I think they think that everybody
in the world watches our videos what no
go away
I'm just kidding here let me see it what
is this what do you having a Z bar this
video sponsored by it just came here
will you vlog me while I open up for ya
you got it anyways so we're to start I
think thinks that everybody in the world
watches our videos cuz she just said dad
dis Justin Bieber watch our videos
oh hey you want me to send this video to
them I'll tweet it to them Oh
Cooper you almost lost the camera and
for the start said odds a little bit
so Britain started like no I don't want
to set it to him you want to open this
one Jim and I'm like let's send it to
him she's like no no at all camera you
are gonna do all right so everybody
everybody between this video to justin
bieber justin bieber they watch their
video say justin bieber thanks for
watching my video why you wha just
miracle while you're listening we have a
few others as a friend yes I do too okay
see you guys what are you little rug
rats doing what are you playing I love
that game oh it is Bobby
Peter brings eater brains all the time
off they go young cousins plain zombie
brain thing whatever I don't their play
they're just weird kids what do you got
there baby toy a dog where's his mom and
dad he's lost in a forest where you
going alright let's go come on doggy
where are their moms they're here okay
come on where's his mom where's his mom
where's your mom doggie nice whoa crazy
it's a crazy move lady tard
you guys don't play in here we just
cleaned up this room you want to smack
them imma smack you right now that's it
child abuse is about to happen child
abuse is about to happen
we are Lovett's away from child abuse
occurring please stay tuned folks child
abuse is gonna now happen yeah
child abuse just happened whoa easy
child abuse is no laughing matter
don't freak out on me people I'm not
making light of it it's just fun when
did you film this music video with
Beyonce you snuck off to LA or wherever
it was New York or someplace and you
shot this music video with Beyonce
didn't you don't lie to me
are you picking their nose on camera I
didn't really I didn't fill this video
that's you that's you why
great music video dude good job way to
be in the music video how much did you
get paid for that that's it you're
ripped off do Beyonce's rich ah that's
better
it's nice to go skating skills so if you
haven't seen the new beyonc√© video
there's a candidate looks just like Sun
turn in there it's pretty funny I'm
being beckoned to the dinner table I am
being summoned
I bet eclis have that little buzzer they
give you and mine just buzz my buzzer
just went off is on my table ready yet
two other guests with us at the dinner
table tonight what do you have in there
we have dinner down here you know you
got some that oh this baby's this baby's
eating his color if ever it is cold I'm
taking his little ladies thank you
go card who's gonna say the prayer all
right Jesus doesn't like when you fight
over okay Carly you say it okay Cooper
sit down young lady you be grounded
okay everybody fold your arms reverently
fire to the Cooper fuller arms bow your
heads everybody listen quietly hey
bronchitis charge
why did we have so many children quiet
look son Zardoz need a very good example
Shh okay keep her go
amen
this is what we feed Malachi we mix this
natural choice apparently it's good just
asking me hey that makes me laugh it
doesn't look that bad though really I
mean these are like meaty chunks
these are beat the immediate rubs if
you're in the wilderness you're starving
you warm that up over a fire that's
that's the delicate test and that's what
lamb they are Carly sad that much just
like a little buy it
juice Oh
oh you're rollin yeah okay so we're just
uploaded the video tonight or an after
dinner
so we're reading all the comments about
the people who are saying I would have
just kept the money I would have kept
the $5 I like to uncomment it said floor
money is free money or something like
that it's a universal law or something
anyways so what would you do I know most
of you I just keep the money here's the
principle of minded if you lost five
dollars it would suck right I mean maybe
that was like your lunch money or
something maybe you just ran out to your
car and you lost $5 and you're like ah
that you can run back and somebody had
found it in the inter medium or maybe
you know thinking oh the happy would be
if it was still there on the ground you
picked it up like oh yes but or you know
that's not what you guys did did you
guys pick this up and taking it to
customer service right okay so pretty
sharp what did the customer service say
you get to keep how long that day or how
long yeah today we need to call it okay
so listen
let's call Smith's back right now and
we'll ask if if anybody is claimed it
and if nobody's claimed it then it's
yours okay that cool hello there pick it
up okay okay so recall Smith's right now
we'll put him on speakerphone and we'll
ask if anybody has asked for the dollar
okay so let's call him right now
hi I'm not sure what I need to talk to
but my wife and daughter were in there
yesterday and my daughter found a $5
bill on the ground and they brought it
in to the customer service and she's
been asking me to call you guys to see
if anybody has claimed yeah can you hear
me oh crap my stupid phone thanks Steve
Jobs hello can you hear me I know all
right Lucy is mine it's like I can call
somebody for 20 seconds and then they
can't hear me let me see your phone okay
we're calling on mommy tarts phone
because
issues a school case it makes it better
it does hi I just was calling you with
my phone cut out
I'm sorry cool thank you she'll be so
excited
she can buy toys now or something thank
you so much
okay bye you hear that
she said it's your $5 she didn't come in
it's still there to the safe and that
just when that's when we come in ask for
it they'll give it to you Smiths
all right ladies do the right thing
holla holla it's the same place Princess
heard this is it
where is it the fighting princess starts
$5.00 okay come on let's go see no she's
nervous
up she remembered Glasgow go get it
she's been asking all day she's gonna
excited you thought it was a tip huh you
have a tips by Hansen so nervous
just as a shy excited get your five
dollars that's what happens when you're
honest you're gonna buy a toy sometimes
I'm saying it to you by toy he's not
what to buy your daddy some candy or buy
your daddy some candy what why would I
spend it on you dad yeah it's five
buckaroo knees what'd you buy me some
candy you're so generous oh you got it
in singles what do you say thank you
