four three two one tarde a baby Princess
rocking a son hard yet they brought a
family of fun torque they are and by
your neighbors their favorite song oh
wait
good morning guess what guys I woke up
at 4:40 in the morning and I am here at
the gym ginger are my lights red are my
lights red yellow red
ah thanks sometimes I vlog to you guys
and you're not there for me oh I forgot
okay here we are it's 5:00 a.m. and
ginger is my greatest friend ever
because you're the only one that will
get up this early with me am I the only
one with more than one kid
yeah and we're the only ones more crazy
what happens when you have a lot of kids
yes the only time in the middle of the
night the only time the dead of dawn I'm
an idiot let's go hey guys so we worked
out I was so totally focused on getting
the workout done then I forgot to pull
out the camera again so sorry you think
it's see any of our moves our sweet
moves but we did squats and we did
lunges and we did hamstring curls today
was all legs day tomorrow we're going to
do with tomorrow abs and some arms and
cardio we're gonna try to get cardio in
every day but it feels good to have you
know workout partner somebody that was
willing to go with me early because I
always set my alarm thinking I'll go
I'll go I'll go but if I don't have
anybody that I'm you know meeting there
are going with me then sometimes it's
pretty easy to turn off the alarm and go
yeah hey so thanks gender we're gonna
just be so awesome by the time we go to
VidCon it feels so good to feel like
you're doing something
yourself and to be healthy anyway that's
the plan headed home to wake up the kids
6:25 got my workout done for the day and
I'm feeling energized to get some
housework done that's the best part
about working out for me if I wake up
early and do it I don't get tired I get
like energized so it's good guys trap
look out I'm home from working out and I
decided okay I got my weight lifting and
I'm gonna get my new spin bike out and
do cardio cuz I haven't had time to get
it out since I got it
we went to New York and we've just been
busy so I haven't taken the time to do
it and it is the heaviest thing that
I've ever tried to lip cuz okay let me
just show you it comes in this giant box
it is uh you know there's no way I can
even pick it up so Shay got it in here
we got it down Shay's asleep right now
so I'm like okay I could wake him up or
I could wait till he wakes up to help me
or I could be a tough iron woman and do
it myself
and that's what I opted to do the
problem is I open the one side and I
tried to pull the bike out it won't come
out I even had myself down here on the
floor like this and I put my feet up on
the Box on the sides and try to pull the
bike out and it won't budge like I look
like I'm having a baby in here like ah
anyway that's not what I look like when
I have a baby right I don't think I look
that way anyway you guys can see me have
a baby I had a baby on YouTube just so
you know um okay so that didn't work so
I'm like okay I'm gonna open the other
side of the box so I got the other side
of the Box open and tried to push it out
with my legs not working so then I went
and I got a knife
and I just cut open the side and voila
there's my bike yay are you proud of me
I got the Box open finally and that was
a workout in itself so now the next part
of my workout will be setting up the
bike
I pretty much doubt I'll get to actually
riding the bike today but tomorrow I
will be able to spend are you guys
excited I love it
so excited to have my own spin bike I've
been doing spin for a really long time
and I taught it for about four years
so I've I've always loved it it's it the
make the weight the bit the mate the
wait hold on it's time for the sprinkler
guy to come over anyway
the wait just melts off when I start
spinning so it's time to spin again guys
let's do it all right what are you
getting what are you gonna get can you
get it in there you gotta be smarter
than the gumball machine if you want a
gumball oh they'll twist it from
Princess hard get hers all right let me
turn to it let me introduce okay spin it
hard are all you got a pink one
nice job don't let it go on the ground
don't let it go on the ground oh oh
job grab half of it or you need all of
it
clad half of it you bite it happy gimme
have don't hurt your teeth how not
working perfectly I don't feel awesome
yeah so you saw oh yeah oh oh Dandan hey
post lunch big boy yeah good lunch and
he has wings awesome to bidding wings
dr. guppy all you eat wings today
princess started by kissing his cheeks
and put down about 25 wings at a kid job
is anything I did I did okay cool thanks
dad princess heart and I are headed to
soccer practice the trick with princess
hurt
on Wednesdays Prince's chart has
gymnastics from four to six and then she
has soccer that starts at six but the
problem is its way across town so it's
always a rush to get from gymnastics to
soccer practice on time which it it just
it doesn't happen I'm not very good at
being on time anyway I have really poor
judgment of my time when it comes to
being on time then I just say time like
10 times died oh okay
so here we are we're going to soccer
practice princess hard are you ready
no why not because the Commission's
Hockman
oh my own up guys I just have to give a
shout-out to technology because I would
be so lost without it
I don't really know where I'm going to
princess start soccer practice I just
realized I'm like you know what Shane
took her the last time and I've never
actually taken her so I don't know where
we're going all I did was type it in in
my GPS on my iPhone and now I know
exactly where I'm going and no troubles
and I used it a lot in New York I do not
even remember life without GPS I don't
know what I would do I love it
thank you satellites up in the sky that
helped us to get where we need to be
okay road closed to through traffic
princess charts practice is right there
I can see I'm practicing right now
should I just do it guys yes I'm gonna
do it I'm gonna do it
when I go to jail first I don't know I
have to get soccer practice and there's
no workers out here so they can't see me
moving this so we're gonna go didn't I'm
nervous okay
we're gonna make it to soccer practice
princess hard weather oh hi
there's a camera we're gonna make it to
soccer practice princess are no matter
what here we go
we're driving on the dirt edge oh it's
really bumpy ah I'm probably making a
really big deal out of this but I don't
break the law usually I'm usually a
non-law breaker but we have to get to
soccer practice right you don't want to
miss anything right true the last time
it was raining so she missed it so here
we go we're going to soccer practice
okay it is fun it's really bumpy okay
I'm glad there's nobody in that cuz
there's no way we would be here okay we
are at princess starts practice and it's
so beautiful out here the Sun is finally
shining I love it she's so cute I'm just
watching her and she's look I don't know
if she's pretending to limp but she'll
be like oh then she gets ready to run
and she looks like she's doing
announcement anyway I'll show you she
just said don't kick it like she wants
to kick it
she's probably what is she doing what is
she doing seriously hey get up out there
what are you doing pretty sure she just
threw up it because she didn't get to
kick the ball
we got a lot of learning to do what can
i play on the toys
we'll see hey did you throw fit because
you didn't get a kick the ball nice my
legs were tired oh she just collapsed
just collapse that's what you do when
your legs are tired go get them good I'm
not sure that's a soccer move but that's
okay she cracks me up
it is a be a utiful day the sun is
shining and it is time for lawn mowing
you guys know that's the time of the
year it's the time for lawn mowing and
we were just mowing the lawn we ran out
of gas we had to come down here to the
gas station to fill er up fill er up
mae√≠n you're ready to learn how to fill
up a gas tank oh snap
hear that baby tard it's his first time
to be a man we're to fill this gas can
up and that's for the lawnmower petrol
here we go right Suren yep alright so
first of all son tard if you run your
debit card through they're not a credit
card because remember the debtor is
slave
where did you
tell the camera that tell the camera
credit cards are bad oh you're such a
good girl I love her okay so we're at
our debit card because we want to pay
money that we actually have we don't
want to pay money that we don't have and
that's what credit cards are credit
cards are money that you don't have we
want we fill her up so dark you're gonna
do this this is where you know man here
we go ready okay dude let's see I don't
squeeze it yet put it in the nozzle get
all the way in there she is recording a
rock and roll she just came over here
good mom I'm so wigs
I can't look still I'm excited I love it
oh let's shake on me tell him about your
silly daughter so we were half an hour
late to practice we get here and I go
okay run out there hurry up get out
there with your team she goes I can't I
don't have my shoes on like what have
you been doing this whole time get your
shoes on go so get her she's done get
her she's all tied up and she goes out
she's taking the bathroom it's good so
it's a game gonna start
like oh goodness Prince's chart she
makes me laugh she makes me laugh she's
just like her dad
she's just silly and crazy all the time
it's the best nice get a princess she's
feisty huh thank you and now she's down
we don't know what she's doing now huh
okay what is she doing now she can't sit
still
just gonna tell her and do backward
rolls I love you princess guard row pay
attention I'm just I'm not helping her
out anyhow am i go whoops
it's alright jump back up you got it you
got it
good job
what are you doing princess hard what
what are you doing your legs are so
tired well why don't we go and get to
the car why don't why don't we here and
get to the car so you can sit down
already see you all right - careful
you touch the car all right you win love
you - we are at the grocery store to get
some dinner for our family of course and
Princess hard found something on the
ground once you find one you found five
dollars but is it yours
yes no yeah I found it on the ground
then it means somebody probably dropped
it it is looking for it now so what are
we going to do now no since we're at a
store we're going to give it to customer
service and Dave then if someone lost
something they can go up to customer
service and say hey I'm off five dollars
