he's
he's talking to himself dr. rock-hard
good morning how is a coffee too so
that's one of the things that I love
about this house is that I can be down
in my office
editing the videos and rock card is up
in his crib and I can hear when he wakes
up so let's go see the Marty little did
you waking up in a happy mood you are
how is your sleep ha mr. four teeth I
can't call you mr. two tooth no more
because you got the cuatro incisors huh
you got a sleepy face
you got a sleep your face baby boy what
should I sleep advise very very high do
you love your daddy kisses you Jesus all
right he's like dad come on I was my boy
say dad dad hey say Dada Dada Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Oh dad come on you can do
it dad dad dad dad daddy oh you're
adorable
what are you doing checking your blood
pressure oh did you hit this button you
get your arm all the way in there though
you get your arm in there sit over here
let's take Yurman all the way pull
through
there goes they're working I think your
arms too small this is a squeezing do
it's gonna squeeze so hard your arm
might pop off I'm serious this part of
your arm this is gonna fall off have you
ever seen the movie 127 hours yeah
that's just like that
is it getting tight yeah yeah yeah is it
has to feel your heartbeat oh yeah it's
getting tight now
is it hard don't move you have to hold
really still hold as still as you can
what is this on your face
why do you have marker on your faces is
that what you do at school and
kindergarten these days you draw on your
face who did it tell me right now we
you're gonna go there tonight when
they're sleeping we're gonna take our
pack of markers and Mark all over their
face you want him yeah you want to do it
too want you don't have a class oh you
didn't wait long enough we'd never know
we don't know what your diastolic
pressure is okay excuse me
you think you can write there huh the
urine in the shotgun position mr. Malik
Akai Oh daddy you don't ever take me on
rides anymore so I'm gonna sit up here
so I can look at all the hot female
jockeys oh there's I saw a nice collie
come around here the other day where'd
she go she was supposed to meet me here
okay hey here's your so glum your ears
flopped over flippy-floppy for the back
there we go there you go there's a good
boy you don't really fit do you here
gonna roll down the window there you go
hit on all the fresh air and turn huh
 Glenn Beck oh there we go get some
fresh air now don't you all right ladies
we go home
oh I love when you guys scream like that
now I want to punch in the face all
right what did we get in our viewer mail
so we're going to hip hop and I'm so
totally excited I've been excited all
day I realized I'm like I've been
getting like oh I'm so happy like
because I'm going to hip hop guys
working out was fun you just need to do
it it's just fun especially hip hop
right Carly it's the best my whole life
when you get a shake your booty yes no
one's judging you because everyone's
shaking their booty exactly yes darling
child of mine you're gonna get a week on
the hip-hop open hip hop wherever you
are in life
show us your hip hop's yeah you're
you're a good hip hip hopper tiffany
hopper and ginger if it's actually gonna
meet us there so this is gonna be five
are you ready
so I know a lot of you don't care but I
can just see the comments now where
they're gonna be like Shay I can't
believe you listen to Glen Beck that
guy's psycho but listen I don't totally
agree with everything Glen Beck says
he's a sensationalist in my opinion
which means he is an entertainer he has
to sell books and radio advertisements
and TV commercials so yeah some of the
stuff he says it's like whoa dude whoa
pull back sometimes it's like you know
I'm like
so he's like the ender world is coming
tomorrow and it could be very well could
be but sometimes it's just like too much
so I do I'd like to listen to am I like
to listen to all kinds of different
opinions that's the biggest key I
believe is that you have to you have to
listen to all aspects of opinions and
beliefs and facts and you have to decide
for yourself on what you believe as far
as religion politics all these things
the thing that drives me the most crazy
is intolerance I hate when people I'm
intolerant of intolerance that's the
only in toleration that I will in
tolerate that's good is that good that
makes sense if you think somebody has a
stupid opinion so what let them have
that opinion everybody is entitled to
how they believe and if you think
they're idiots for believing that which
is because you're not in their shoes you
didn't grow up in the same house that
they grew up you didn't go with the same
school they went to you weren't raised
in the same religion they were raised in
you didn't have the same dad or mom so
you wouldn't understand but if you were
you would get it in the end here's the
most pathetic piece of language and
prophetic knowledge there is and it's
simple and it sounds retarded but it
really is wise and it is this people are
people we all like the same things we
like fresh air beautiful sunsets good
food
pretty women hot dudes whatever it is
have majority of people they like the
same things we
we all want to be happy but we all would
have you know long-lasting relationships
our meaning and for loving and you know
I don't want to succeed in life that's
what everybody wants we all want the
same thing which is all come from
different backgrounds so it's okay if
some people think a certain way and
that's what drives me the most crazy and
it's like you know when people just like
can't accept that somebody else has a
different point of view it's okay that
person is different than you accept it
learn from that person call your nigga
your sister but listen you like just
listen to what they have to say and see
you there if there's any merit all right
that was little rant girls what do you
think can we have some licorice daddy no
I don't believe in licorice licorice is
the bane of our existence and it's
what's bringing down society today
anyways that was a little rant to shave
for you love you bye okay we're here and
we're late as usual sorry guys the
movies late I can't do it I can't be on
time every time okay
so I mean what you got baby pulpit video
guys I just watched the video from 7 8 9
and I did pull up and I was so amazing I
was like look honey I can do pull-ups
so where's you can just hit one go pump
it up
now one more let's go 1 2 & 3 I found
you like it aerobics answer for that
okay ginger show me what you got that's
the cake oh hey Paulie that's right
we're both on the same level so let's
bowl make that one of your ginger epic
goals how many should we go for it 10
yes that's gonna take that no I'm gonna
do okay let's start with Mike our first
goal is 5 and then we'll head on the
resolve - I need to slow down
first of all like 5,000 and then we'll
bump it up to 10,000 at the back hey
guys
thanks guys well you already look stupid
how to deal with here in my house
physical spousal abuse okay so show us
show us what you learn Amara's barbara's
let's see what you got dog show me your
heart
oh my goodness crazy that's why I had to
buy this today mucin XD I am OH
I'm Hawking up a lung I've been coughing
up this I don't know okay are you ready
you ready to show your dance go come on
don't be shy
go turn attendant
don't don't don't don't don't don't
blame it on the baby that you suck at
dancing bye what's the question I'll
give it to you do not step on the rock
and Roli Oh Todd Oh
raise your hand if you're the winner of
the winner action Oh
don't watch your language why is this
the best spot so what you're saying is
at this spot 18 miles away from Walmart
is the best spot in the lot yeah why
because we want to get exercise all
right I agree let's go let's go let's go
but this turns out of the best now the
worst spot in the lot has all the sudden
become the best spot in the lot because
now we get to get exercise longer I do
agree with that I agree with you however
I don't feel like all right here we go
we have 18 miles to go till we get
Swardson oh snap
we're gonna go save your CDs over here
what about Shaq let's see you provide
that movie you see your CD
you want where's your CD baby tard
you found him on me tard oh there we go
that's your baby they retard we found it
there it is
what well seen is that we have 25 of
those at home probably not brace nut to
the band starts chasing us you lose it
sucked hard you better hustle you tired
hey coughing all right we all have a
cough that's understandable
what hey
oh you trick me he tricked me here we go
beat him
correcting listen we won we won we won
anytime
