all right we're here in the airport and
baby tart is showing us her jumping
ability all right let's see your trick
oh nice jumping ability you got there
are you a leap frog huh let's see a leap
frog jump to that one oh is that your
knees does it you must be strong can you
land on your feet
whoa let's see if you land on your feet
go
nice jump we do a 360 you're gonna be 16
I said can you do a 360 whoa hey where's
your mom at where'd she go
where is she she leave us here
she's probably flying to Budapest big
she is she why shouldn't go to Budapest
Nisha's a boy from there how come
because why my her boyfriend yeah I'm
not her boyfriend what am i I'm her dad
oh yeah am i her husband I do love her
yes I love her very much good morning we
are at JFK you're a bridge job this
morning I was I caught everybody hurry
because last time I missed my flight
remember that who remembers that if you
subscribe to my iPhone channel I miss my
flight last time mostly because I was
making a video with a scooter in trying
to tell anyways so this morning's like
come on everybody we gotta go gotta go
there is nobody on the road
we left our hotel at 7:00 first
literally nobody in line
go security so we got here an hour and a
half early to our gate so we're just
sitting here waiting I'm really flying
back to Salt Lake and then driving to
Idaho
what sure do you are in this morning do
your very own Sun guard shirt or did you
get that remember I think somebody in
Canada gave it to me to give to you
all right when I went to Toronto
remember yeah so what happened who are
those lovely ladies now would you get us
some breakfast English muffin I'm not
English we wanted American muffins it's
really strong gotta trick that water
there Pete hard no take it this James
Blunt yeah hey he's excited you guys
excited to fly home excited look back
here
so now I'm gonna look at this there's my
mommy targets in first class because I
did get a frequent flyer card I have
like almost 30,000 a frequent flyer
miles on it now huh it's not cool and
then whenever I check in if there's an
opening in first class they
automatically upgrade to first class so
all my ticket was first class
I let mommy tar and rock turn have it
this is there's two of em hey I don't
want to wear your sunglasses walking
here anyway we're back here with the
girls put those on put those on let's
see him can I says look look cool Oh
Tyler you see pink there's some card
over there you get a whole row to
yourself it looks like dude that's sweet
people leave mommy targets to sit in
first class she's so spoiled huh don't
your blanket on okay I'll be right back
resting right here I'm gonna feel more
maternal first class they say here on
the right back
wait ready
okay Center on what you got Jordan and
was it was Jordan and Tyson anyways
there's some nice people that stopped
and saw this is that I don't want to put
my knees on the ground crawl let's see
it
that's the monkeys like the monkey crawl
it's like I don't want to touch my knees
on this hard ground I'm gonna walk like
this why don't you just stand up dude
come on it's like I don't like it on my
knees
mr. monkey crawl mr. monkey crawl mr.
monkey kruppel there you go stand up
stand up stand up there you go
what's that they got him peek you like
geeks over whoa what's that now just
walk like that dude and you got it but
all sudden you're grown up
put them in there honey put them in the
fountain on come on monkey crawl monkey
crawl what are you gonna do all right
we're home
wait a minute you guys think the Easter
Bunny can you think what if he didn't
what have you forgot because we weren't
here
all right let's go see if the Easter
Bunny came or not I've been in New York
for a week he might not have remembered
past the fingers looks like he didn't
bring us anything
damn it
somehow did you get anything what you
did where you guys know he's probably
hit it that's why I hurry we got to find
it the Easter Bunny likes to hide things
oh this is that is that rock Tarts ah
look at that rock art Easter Bunny had
your stuff you got some shirts and some
chocolates hey guys look around maybe
there's something's for you or else
could it be
hey whose is this
Easter bug was Easter but after bunny
was in our bathtub
mr. bottner bathtub baby tard where's
yours at would you find it already show
us where is it hey oh cool a dress and
some shoes what is that a wand it's not
cool you guys these funny didn't forget
about you do you see anything do you see
anything do you see anything yeah what's
that it's an easter egg oh there's
another one
and look even another one all right so
Logan just came out here and hit a bunch
of Easter eggs we're about to do an
Easter egg hunt
hello Andy remember where they're all at
that's always the fun part when you find
Easter eggs like three months later like
oh yeah we never found this one you need
some shoes on bury those your shoes
there's a little pile of rocks here I
assume there's an egg under there the
granddaddy of all the eggs looks like
Center already knows that it's alright
let's go guys come on hurry you better
hurry hustle hustle hustle
find your Hank before somebody else
finds them you got a run fast baby tar
hurry hurry run fast to get your basket
get the any you guys let's some of the
little kids get them too Cooper what
color was it blue nice did you find an
egg oh you got a pink one nice hurry run
around look hey come here come here
babies aren't follow me Bobby
follow me can I help you look over here
look over here
Oh Oh
dude you're cleaning up dude there's a
lot over here there's a lot oh look you
missed you missed your basket missed
your basket throw him in there hurry
throw them in there good job go over
there by the fire pit paper target
babies are hurry go over there by the
fire pit look around in there but Sir
how many you got oh you got a lot
already
you better hurry baby tiger comes the
posse baby try to look Prince's tard
nice triple eggs score
you gotta print this one nice job hey
Cooper what's that one over there look
oh that's an easter egg oh nice in the
mud good job uncle Logan hide them in
the mud you're cleaning their feet
before they come inside sometimes let me
see your basket how many you got Oh
spongebob eggs what color is that one
green yeah you got a lot princess hard
look for some more oh nice you're
getting all the princess eggs you must
be a princess you found the Easter Bunny
good job jackpot what color is it
oh that's it I'll aim just the lane
spider-man one how many do you got dude
do you have a ton of them let's see oh
nice let's let's see who got the most
I'll see how many you got baby tard nice
you got some good eggs there all right
good Easter egg hiding
Logano ok guys let's see how many eggs
you got who got the mostest
I think Prix is started my to clean
house today let's see Oh where's Rock
car doesn't rock hard get to find an egg
ok count how many you got whoa money
everywhere you
quarters and yours awesome okay get your
eggs out come hominy you got who let the
most let me see pretty sorry I think it
started great house Sun tar did really
good to Cooper got a lot purchased art I
think is the winner
she really went crazy you're the winner
in your own heart cuz that's all that
matters
check if there's an easter egg in your
shoe look at that your shoe these Drake
might have been in there you see one Oh
sting it baby thar would you get you got
a dollar in your egg nice what's in that
one another dollar holy Easter Bunny
good job Easter Bunny is this so we
don't have to give them candy we're to
start with that stickers let me see what
kind of stickers Happy Easter stickers
cool hey Rach turn come out here and
piss everybody off my grabbing their
eggs watch in three two oh no oh no
watch I'm gonna get one I'm gonna get
one get an egg rock tard
oh yes princess are printed stickers
nice there's one there's one
Oh almost got blocked yeah oh so close
oh there's one yeah I got an egg he's
excited
stand up stand up good boy you stood up
all by yourselves your legs cold nom nom
nom nom
he's tasting them all more stickers good
job
