you are not watching the shaitaan
just sit back we must follow along to
the thing she said to the things he
Jasper's cool family and just because
it's our PDF and ready for a video so
let us be color
hey he's Ryan
baby tarde today's a big day we're gonna
meet today who James daddy who's that
are you gonna pick your nose when you
see him are you gonna act shy when you
see him you're gonna say hi James Blunt
I'm baby tard excited yeah because she's
awesome
true don't be shy you want to be shy
don't be shy she's like hi nice to meet
you my name is baby tart and shake his
hand like that okay no we're gonna do
we're gonna give him a hug you're just
gonna sit there and hide your face
because you're all guys are you ready
are you ready
Fouchet is filming today and we need to
go kinds of food so we're all going out
in New York together it will be crazy
are you having fun
oh what a cute fun feature I have a
question
then can I get out of this come here
okay tell us something something yeah we
are just down and healthy brownies and
now we're going to go find something to
do wanna find purses yeah for me so I
triple Chocolat every copy yeah you'll
have to have a job bird I don't think at
your school what are you gonna do for a
job I get to get money from people and
put it in my purse it's funny stuff
what is like I'm gonna straight kids are
gonna steal the money that's not how you
do it then you go to jail yeah son oh
wait you know shoots up oh my god have
we been watching too much TV
yeah living for general I shoot agent
Kevin don't leave out age she's got
please officer he's a bad guy oh he's a
bad cop Oh
hey ref Dardis
what did you guys find us
Oh toys are you died and gone to heaven
there we go
Toys R Us you want to pick out a purse
yeah yeah yeah partners and center looks
good he's already gone let's go do you
like that yes oh it's on our TV you're
not saying you want that you're just
saying it's on our TV
I gotcha well listen ladies listen
ladies hey hey hey hey pay attention to
me listen you can get one thing but you
have to look at their eyes like googly
eyes in the toy store I can't may
tension your mom I'm looking so pretty
you can get one toy one one toy it has
to be small enough that we can take it
on the airplane baby tard can we get one
to put in our purse I think that's back
stock back there can we get one one to
put in our purse um depends on how cheap
we can find a purse because I found a
store that looked like a really cheap
purses so if we can find the cheapest
then you can get a purse in a toy got it
guys they can't look at me they're way
too focused on the beauty of the beauty
of Toys R Us what was that that is on
our TV - you're right it's so cute
sometimes when you find me something a
lot of things what do you think is that
hard to decide yeah remember it's got to
be small enough we can take it on the
plane hold on me okay
what kept it in a crib oh what is that
oh no it's a dollhouse that will
definitely not fit in our purse after
this enough get out of the first how
come can I pick elements because they
not sticking out of the purse so cute
I'm not sure what you think but you're
really adorable so you don't want to
pick out a toy because you don't want
you don't want to pick out a toy instead
of a purse is that what you're saying
work with me got the googly eyes again
thank you the googly toys-r-us ice I
love it it's magical
I remember toys arrested the kid was
like so I'm witnessing it again through
my children sighs what's that you want
oh that's kind of big I'm not so sure we
can take that on the airplane that is
small that's a perfect little airplane
toy
hey I wanna get to put my purse all
right yes
how much does it cost six dollars is
that what you want
yeah you have enough six star I have
enough six dollars uh-huh all right
not ready next time who would if I had
to pay for it yourself well where would
you get the money we're not gonna steal
it though right no no stealing as that I
only need four dollars well did you put
the other one back well yeah hey but
that's more is it - um halo well you
know my opinion on toys like that
however I'm sure your dad can say it
it's fine
wait once again wait if you're gonna let
me get that I want to get something else
just a minute let me look mom always
happens we've spent too long in here
already let's go
all right kids let's see what you got
let's see the final of pics okay you got
a little beanie baby bear a pony for the
little baby board and I got two Dex's
two dozen sports cars that's when you
want out of all these toys yes all right
what does that my life is more towards I
want but I decided this is remember oh
there's actually more toys you want yeah
but but that's that's the one you're
gonna get this time yes good choice
I like it cause it's small there's not a
lot of pieces the last one he picked I
was like okay but I was like I was like
and he rethought that it's like LEGO
pieces last time those were 55 or 56
pieces which this time there's like 45
all right then this time he's really
there were toys with lots of pizza which
was fine however they may get lost from
here to home
I said so I decided to get this far no
my child you are wise beyond your years
are you I don't make your system it's
not your pet pig are you going on your
pet pig oh yeah coming to the park go to
the party whose party um your party
Oh why are you having a party present
hard part I'm having a party why am I
having a party I was like birthday guys
how old am I know I'm six no you're 29
Shh I'm 16 well really really I'm 28 yes
and I will be 29 this year you're so
honest
ah I'm ready 14 no you're gosh I started
having kids when I was guys that he died
just kidding worse and worse Wow
hi guys on the way to our hotel we found
a purse shop that had very inexpensive
purses so girls you want to show them
what we found so home here first
oh wow okay hold on baby tard
she got a pink purse that was only three
dollars
oh I was so proud and your purse let's
get first lb what how much long it was
only $5 now that's just a minute to pick
this game was only $5 okay just like yes
just like you're five show us your purse
show us the lipstick part of it no
that's my phone oh okay show us
that's a nice fall look it's got that
little lipstick thing and turn around
the mirror so we can get and a mirror
that's the best person ever I was so
proud of the kids because we looked at
tons of toys and I didn't give them a
price limit but they all picked the most
inexpensive toys they're so sweet we got
out of there if the purse included with
Toys R Us we didn't spend more than $39
hop you guys are awesome way to bargain
shop he's like wait you mean I could
have got wait how much were these how
much were those 25 no they I don't
remember I 911 without it 19 mm every
day thousand dollar sports cards yeah
pretty nice mm oh hey juice faith you
want me to help you yeah okay
Oh
what are we doing
some new theory show us that seeing us
one of her songs
the words out of it look like please
Theatre in New York and cheese
and this world is safe
every
disgrace we can just get the truth he
all right please
yeah mrs. to around 13 months
what torches January women in 85
different cities across the world
tonight
you know your OCD animals because you
have a very comfortable SC's this is a
bit so maybe I'm in a play yes did you
get my back maybe this is the reasonable
and don't
I don't mind maybe some of you just get
it off
here comes for movies
Oh
ha
all night
came to watch our video she came to the
James Blunt show to see our video
one had too much to drink
there's a horse anyways just went inside
the James Blunt concert and on a taxi
and monitored loved it he put on a great
time moms aren't even kissed
James Blunt twice no he kiss you he did
the British dance with me and I was like
then we got this big fight and me and
Jude smart we're like a rolling on the
floor and then I needed look expert
everybody why are you always
embarrassing me always yelling the
rosary so would you look like red star
authorities so much you're not just like
richest anyways you got a fun time here
in New York City have a loo I've
hi horsey nos feather on your head that
was her spider-man anyway as we headed
back to the hotel okay
and seemed alright here we are having a
picnic rock guard James Blunt just
hanging out with the shaitaan just
chilling out having a lunchable baby
tards acting kind of shy not too shy
kind of just having a kind of a silent
relationship playing hard-to-get
didn't you pump her full of sugar honey
you're supposed to eat those Pixy sticks
and porom down her throat before this
x-ray keywords
no she's sugar fide so much she's so
sweet she's sugar oh okay so we're here
in Central Park filming I just slept
jams up like was like 400 miles or
something bah incredibly well like a 10%
grade I would did most of it he was
motivational but I'm very motivational
he had a whip back there and he was with
me I shouldn't love the pedaling too but
I'm really honest right right there's a
session when he was almost unconscious I
did have some heart palpitations that's
for sure
so you guys were we're gonna go to the
Denver show and you guys should get
tickets and meet us there we should
probably plan a meetup I don't know
exactly when but uh get tickets to
Denver it'd be cool if we can meet
whether it's the venue you know the
venue is um the film or the film or in
Denver and we could meet like inside or
have some meeting there you should do
something together and it's on the 30th
yeah so if you guys get tickets go -
what's your website what's the best
place chicken master Ivanka James Wong
comm get tickets and we would have a
meet-up in Denver on the 30th it's
Saturday April 30th one month are we in
April April 30th get tickets now and
we'll have a big meet up and we'll bring
the whole family it's gonna be a B last
we went to the show last night and you
freaking rock it dude because I think
some of your songs are slow but your
show was like rock and roll you like for
guitar players
I mean I've never seen pretty labor
songs no we have fun but he was rocking
I mean who's standing on the piano Rose
I wouldn't I took my shirt off I was
like spinning my shredder out in the air
eventually security had to pay yeah that
removed my chest hair from the front row
it was nasty anyways
get tickets for Denver Saturday April
30th we're gonna be in Denver rock hard
you're gonna be they're gonna be rock
you're gonna be rocking he's gonna be a
rock and be rocking Rock tardes yeah
he's gonna rock rock garden dreams but
you should do you should bring up
onstage and throw them off it's like a
stage dive at Stage five MoMA crowd
seven my god crowd somebody to the Shh
oxygen yeah I like in the middle of your
sights you like now the Shh our kids are
gonna crowd serve through the Denver
crowd it's gonna be a blast you guys get
some tickets and go get your tickets now
and we'll meet you in Denver on Saturday
April 30th baby talks go to stage dive
