you an hour watching shake da slog sit
back relax Bob overlong she would now
watch is the shaytards far says back
relax bumblebee long you would now watch
it the Shaitaan blog you would now watch
in the shaytards blog you would now
watch it you would now watch it you
would L do it now yeah the shades are on
top for YouTube they've risen to the top
all for you shaycarl and Katie let on
the throne be where you were now
entering Shay's own 880 does Emma going
strong two years walking you can't go
wrong been vlogging rock talk from his
birth he is the cutest baby on the earth
and baby Todd is on James one CD she'll
be famous one day wait and see princess
card game cuter every day she's getting
good and vlogging by the way sometimes
the king of the dance floor hey you step
back hear the roar but listen close when
you hear hey he's blogging to you here
there's the skyscrapers down to the
paper there's a baby put your hands up
in the air waving them around like you
just don't care we asking about New York
it's not very easy with four kids is it
mom I want to go down the subway let's
go down the subway you want these pants
oh I want you to have those pants
they're definitely pants I want to see
you wearing in a time coming very soon
please hey how's New York you loving it
wait wait wait Plus look it's a Finding
Nemo fish in our elevator hi that was a
good song dozen in the lobby you are
getting really doing it sometimes learn
all this loose from he just picked him
up no I hope you learned your move from
pelham get off the elevator you lazy to
secret secret what are you looking at
little guy you look at the big city
what's down there check the big city
that's a big baby tard so we got a new
hotel room this is nice it's a big big
window we got here that's like it's like
grass kids are like it's a pool there's
the pool can we go swimming that's a
fountain children fountains are
different than swimming pools but
anything about that view mommy tard
that's a big window huh you're akhtar is
/ vain the sights below what do you see
oh that's Carrie that bunker hill
okay the cameras off you can yami no
it's fine got draw on its would you want
to look at my house shaycarl here with a
sweet green hat on and my sweet I mean
super douchey
we're here on the Brooklyn Bridge check
it out over here
hey
I'm gonna see if I guess mater up my
head
Joanna
turn my head
Oh
I'm gonna ride that bike
thanks you guys whatever is this that's
the East River here we are that's where
the dead bodies are right
mom's dead bodies
you walked cross with us
Oh
permanent stew
all right I'm coming ruptal bridge New
York City it's pretty awesome
that guy was cool
and back down fridge where my lucky hat
bye
people are staring at me okay I guess to
it there is the statue of liberty right
there off in the distance it's basically
we're just getting a bunch of shots big
land yachts and stuff to get the
Brooklyn Bridge
maybe I'm going to carry my bike to the
top of the Empire State Building that
would be ridiculous I'd be super sweaty
at that point hey there's my cameraman
John hi John there's Paul and Fiona hi
Paul and Fiona lost my other one so I'm
here in Times Square we're just been
filming with my sweet bike and sweet
helmet I just met these two homies and
they're making a video for youtube tell
him your channel my channel is skinny
guy production skinny guy production
without the s okay so you guys go check
it out i'm actually gonna be in the
video they just made it squeak at tell
them mine is oh snap is Justin but juz
di n okay go check them out wouldn't
what video what channels aren't gonna be
on on this check on earth yeah yeah you
just gave it away bald we handle check
it out okay dead miss it she just rub my
berry the fact I wasn't weird at all
household yeah good put your tongue on
it no all right i'm vlogging in public
and when i say i'm blogging in public
I'm blog been published
there are a lot of people out here it is
insane I just I just ask the taxi driver
Asik is it always this busy I was like
yeah duh may work I would hate to live
here like in a natural disaster or
something it's like some clusters
at the same time it's super exciting
though to it because it's like it feels
like a party's going on it's only three
in the afternoon all these people after
just walking around doing their thing or
sounds smells just different kinds of
people it's really really an interesting
place to be for sure
it's crazy New York City I like air I
don't think I had one liver but it's
cool to come here somebody's getting
reprimanded somebody's getting
reprimanded what's she saying cuz your
hands dirty look hey you need you need
an attitude adjustment cuz listen I
brought the attitude adjuster with me
all the way from Idaho here I brought it
right here all right you guys wanna go
to Times Square son tard that is a nice
shirt you're wearing fit the occasion
Central Park we're going there tomorrow
that's a nice shirt you have to all
right guys ready let's go are you ready
I'm I am ready hold exact look at look
at dude looking at himself in the mirror
what are you doing this nice the
shaytards are in new york city and it's
crowded as ever go ahead i'm following
you guys in this sea of people to see a
personas look at my little family
walking through the Big Apple it is
crowded out here there are people and
garbage and just bald heads and Nike
backpacks there's just stuff everywhere
it's cool it's exciting it
sorry here we are at the Lancome counter
mama card is testing out some foundation
what do you want what a purse well that
might or might not happen in the next 10
to 12 years princes heart has found we
are in macys follow her follow her go
with her she's found a purse the lady
has unlocked the first way to take her
and they are going to look in the mirror
vibrant to start see you later maybe one
of us should go should one of us go with
her we're Macy's in New York and this
escalator is like made out of wood
there's like wood rivets on the
escalator it's interesting
having fun
it's all about the blue jello
food jello time
chillin time square dancing queen
what is that
nice guys hey
they're crazy
