what you New York City skyline or the
sides of lots of other buildings you
decide you decide here we are in New
York City where you think so far
they said they have spongebob here so I
guess it's a pretty good place what do
you think about it you having fun yeah
mommy tard how do you like it in this
tight hotel room so here we are in New
York we got in last night like 1:00 in
the morning and I wasn't able to get a
video up yesterday cuz we are traveling
all day to of Liberty anyway so I have
some footage from Sunday I stuff some
footage from Sunday because my brother
and all his kids came into town and we
had a big birthday party so I still have
some of that footage from Sunday and
from Sunday night and then from us
coming here to New York okay so be
patient with us we are traveling the
Shaytards are traveling for a week when
we gone for a week so be patient with
the vlogs I'm gonna try to get them up
as much as I can and as often as I can
but we're gonna be super busiest so
here's today's vlog we're in New York
see you guys tomorrow there we go now
we're family hi Bailey ptarth and this
should be pictures time
it is my blog called make my hair hi I'm
mommy tart I'm calling right here for 80
boyfriend's we're getting ready for
church and our friend is not coming
because she's going home today
and her mom said she so did Oh Oh my
cousin is her it was out out of limits
it was a fun display Sagar it was so so
fun had we had his birthday this is
British have we had toward the jungle
for real a really really real lot for
real it's just a toy chuckles blows
everywhere it glows
there's dinosaurs and sharks and boats
at itself and they have laser task in
itself but I can't go in a room and and
they have some guns they play laser
action so stick shape I need your
expertise Oh roti or make Loki and Rosie
it's like bread but just can you smell
that curry chicken
it's gonna be so even five Vivitar right
start are you vlogging there cook you
are having a video I hope I was busy
haunts pretty TARDIS helping daddy out
cuz daddy is working in his office and
it's times like hey I can help out
around here
hey yo you right out hey everybody
welcome back to another episode of
cooking with shaycarl I want to thank
everybody for coming back this week last
week we had a great recipe with our
chicken zhulov was uh something that we
whipped up real quick for you anyways
today we're gonna be talking about a
little thing called delicate cooking and
when you're cooking something that you
just really appreciate and love and you
just want to put all your heart and soul
into it you gotta show it delicate
delicate taste this word that I made up
just now it's more like delicate and
sanitation delicate ation anyway it
sounds gross we'd be making support a
little bit what you know about butter
new business oh good job we are not
making buttermilk biscuits we're making
roti as in Korean roti check on it I
didn't make the pants I wanna know yeah
look here's the curry chicken I'm not
going for prettiness yeah it doesn't
look that pretty but it's gonna take it
smells really good
curry roti it's a dish that I learned
how to make while I lived in the West
Indies don't this is exactly how they
did it well this is just one here versus
you know everything you do you gotta
throw your little style
we are here in Utah to give Casey his
toothbrush
hey hey Malibu hey Chevy Malibu down
there hey sir Casey left his toothbrush
listen at our house he really sounds
like James Bond
listen it's so funny it's such a small
town hey what are you doing I know we're
bringing his toothbrush he left at our
house now I can brush my teeth we're
gonna miss our flight Casey can you take
a listen line the clock they know but it
takes like it's gonna be like an hour
and a half we're suppose to be there two
hours early it's almost 2:00
bring it there at 4:00 an hour early
that's cutting it close then what if I
get pulled over in because I haven't a
warrant I'll get arrested and this stage
I will come bail you out but after I get
back to New York what
are you guys ready to god New York City
sundar asked us I really go into one
state on this trip because last time
overcome a multi-state trips you guys
have such a rough flight you have to get
out of school three minutes three
minutes you're three years old and it's
three minutes so the bus comes what a
quickie dink
I hope being clubs
what is it concealing come in here mom
tart come sing that song where you make
a titty I come in here do it it's better
acoustics we don't need an update every
minute Chiquita see that tangled song
what's that tangled song we were singing
that was really good seeing that how's
it go inch like feet in the grass how
does it go let me guess one minute to go
you go to New York
here you go to New York City all right
who's ready to go to New York City
Ranger
whoever's obnoxious raise both your
hands Oh Fitz of obnoxiousness
Upali a judge a baby boy hey girls you
got your bat you got your bins she does
it looks like he's going on a mission
you excited how many times have we gone
through security together as a family
how many times have we been scanned for
radiation and bombs no yeah because we
have it on the video are you excited you
security these girls are getting way
ahead of us look at those little world
travelers Shaytards are in the airport
again excited for our flight you're not
are you excited
hey you're up tarde you're not rock hard
what are you doing in there
we're shown three hey guys here we are
walking down the chat we're so excited
alright girls what are we gonna do touch
the outside up good luck
it's safe now baby chart touched it
touch it
thank you so much it will be like really
crazy behaving himself you're not gonna
be able to wear seat belt look there
he's so big he's tearing everything else
our young man
turn I just don't think this is gonna be
acceptable we'll see what happens
all right we made it
New York City what do you think there's
I think there's people downstairs
waiting for us to get off the airplane
are you excited are you excited you are
dirty
I feel bad cuz we're all like sweaty and
dirty we're crammed in an airplane for
six hours oh my gosh me and mommy car
took ten minute intervals better girls
you know girls traded off we're like you
thinking good take him you are a
freaking little ham on the airplane
screaming and they want to jump around
and touch everything oh you guys ready
there's people smuggling children into
New York smuggled these children into
New York you guys excited to be smuggled
into New York trust me what wouldn't be
stealing you we would give you back what
do you think about the big city they're
centaurs I'm a world traveler I'm an
international oh I think this is where
they filmed that men in black scenes
your first time to the Big Apple what do
you think are we Admetus most elevator
ever in all of elevator creation baby
tartness listed on the suitcases there's
not even enough room for her to stand
rich starred are you squished up against
the wall
baby tard how do you like New York what
did you just ask daddy she just said
what if she wears jeans but you just
thought he'd be waiting for her so I got
off the plane you're gonna see him don't
worry dude
hey is it past your bedtime is it
Hospital time what are we doing
what are we getting we're getting some
water it's 1:00 in the morning we
haven't eaten all day so we're at a
local deli what you smell and baby tard
they smell good you can call me a flower
if he wants to you know movie that's
from huh that's for Bambi oh dude they
got Korean roti over there hey we're uh
downtown New York at 1:00 in the morning
getting some snacks cuz we're hungry
we'd be hungry okay a baby tartar just
shown on the streets huh no a story of
how sometimes like things that happen
that are bad happen for a reason and I'm
saying this because it it blessed us
this time but so we got to our hotel the
one that we're supposed to be at tonight
but whoever booked our hotel didn't book
it and tell tomorrow so we show enough
to check in but they're like you're not
supposed to be here
tell tomorrow I'm like oh well we're
here now they said we don't have any
rooms because they're totally booked
because it's Easter and it's like spring
break so nobody has any rooms available
so we start calling around trying to
find your room and of course nobody has
an opening and it's 1:00 in the morning
it's 1:00 in the morning in New York
City and there's nobody that has a room
so we're calling calling trying to find
places I'm like oh man we're gonna do
our stuff in Manhattan at 1:00 in the
morning so they found this hotel had one
room opening because somebody had missed
their flight so somebody call that's in
hand miss my flight you know I'm not
gonna make it
so because something mr. fight we got
the rope are you glad that we got a room
or we'd be like sleeping in the subway
