money I scored on him look at you you
look all cozy are you gonna cut though
you're gonna pillows for half time
that's the classic halftime snack orange
slices you kiddin me
everyone knows that right mom isn't that
the classic isn't that the classic
halftime snack is orange slices and
squeeze it to the orange slices here we
are at princess tarts very first-ever
soccer game and it's not even close out
I'm not even freezing to death right now
some people who are gonna get Pannonia
go Prince start go team she is talking
about the pregame strategy wonder what
her strategy is we go ready to start the
mom she's gonna follow in the ball no
good birthday boy can you believe with
your birthday mr. blue eyes looking at
you yeah nice job team come back to
target the ball for just our hustle
hustle hustle there we go
shut that sword on pause control the
situation I just I just kicked the
soccer ball came out of balance when I
kicked it towards their start get it
bridge the start oh so hot so hot so hot
so can run to the ball fast check out
dad I still stand by the rule that I
think that at least one parent from each
team should be able to play in each game
what just happened boom it's hard son
guards just scored on the very first
kickoff and I am a bad father I wasn't
even filming it good job dude job first
kickoff you went down there and scored
it right away we're doing double duty
today first put the start now son tired
soccer get it our ball this year he
actually knows what he's doing so I
think he's gonna be a lot better he's
gonna score at least a hundred goals
this year the tallest and status yeah
he's like yeah get it come get it turn
it around
keep going keep going get it rats I
can't get it get it hot so he's hustling
out there
he's definitely hustling gonna do go go
go take it down take it down go go go go
dude keep going keep going keep going
hustle all the way all the way
get it in there get in there dude murder
the other day at all costs and tell them
all good parents sports faces with your
clothes
nice hustle nice hustle right there dude
get it get a dude gotta get away from
the group and kick huddle and huddle up
and kicked everybody kick at the same
ball and the giant group of people get
lost of what they're doing they're just
kicking it yeah that's what brindle
starttls doing she's just kicking it
wherever she saw the ball keep it going
keep going dude get a dude nice huh nice
hustle oh there you go get it in keep
going dude get it turn around take it in
dude taking it all the way turn it dude
good job hey you ready your brother's
like to score a goal you ready for this
let's go son target watch the ball get
it dude get it
happy birthday gage is he opening his
presents what'd you get
babyt are you helping in the opening of
the presents you guys are adorable guy
he looks so much like you
JC and he is your skin dad what's this
right here this is the solar panel for
your sex machine that's machine I am the
second father stop it
but it's inappropriate what is that wild
grinders oh that's Rob Dyrdek's a cool
mom and gage are presidents right there
gage this is from us it's just from the
tard crew
look what is it Batman what else look at
tailing us
remember we used to have I used to have
a long tails like six inches long rats
you didn't you are not cool see that my
mommy tired display it for me what do
you say say I love you uncle shade
you're the best uncle I've ever had in
my entire life
and when I grow up I will send you $100
a month
all right it's finding we set it on your
birthday hey nothing sexier than a woman
with a gun
I love the real gun action so violet
nice shirt
okay all right I love this floor okay
knock them all down
get up nice see it Casey Monday almost
here he goes Oh
to everybody happy birthday dear yeah
get them get them yeah you putting good
use of those tokens have fun Gavin fun
we're gonna do white after this one the
other one cool swag a baby tart like ten
tokens and she's just been over here for
like v app too much spin the wheel there
and she's just been over here writing
every one of these little lines they
have how many yacht 1121 look we get
with that probably a keychain a keychain
or a tootsie roll
you ready do you love this so fun how
did you put your token in it start
starts oh hey baby try they're gonna
they're gonna spin the wheel you want to
come over there it'll ride this there
you go hold on for your life that's a
crazy Apple
it's a crazy effort that's a word
there's a worm in the Apple oh no like
our boyfriend huh what is your boyfriend
look like he's a real worm of a guy huh
extra ticket yeah that's cheating
you guys no don't do it
chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga
chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga
hold on the shoulders start that's not
yours that was very nice
chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga this is a
sign of the times where you go somewhere
and everybody there has a phone on them
except for this guy old farmer bill here
technology good for nothing
I hate that darn technology and he just
forgot his you're bad at a cell phones
KC's had the same cell phone for like
eight years
just like little flip thing like all
scratched up works good yeah I remember
the first time I remember I was like 21
and I you let me take your cell phone it
was like this big Nokia remember that
big Nokia cell phone and I was driving
around and that little green escort that
we had that was part of his car and I
was like I'm so cool out of cell phone
and I was like I think just wanted to
leave a drive around so like if I call
people maybe like just wrap it up with
my cell phone
yeah you had one like way early what is
your relationship with cell phones how
long they've had how many cell phones
have you had
when did you do your first one I was a
21 when I got my first cell phone how
old were you I was nine you're nine
that's definitely a sign of attack and
when are we gonna get our kid so only
call mom and dad we murdered this this
is a the leaves of a fallen man
artichoke mommy tart murdered that
artichoke was pretty delish taste
murdered the PFOS that's was delish
mom's over there on the calamar Mar and
Hailey finished off the stuffed
mushrooms down at the south end of the
table
dad would you order stay steak that's a
man's meat would you get case pork
brandy pork case we used to work at this
restaurant for like four years
someone's playing a joke on me I just
know it hey guys so that I found you
good one case one over on me
check out the studios robbing the ATM
the top of its open that's gotta be a
pretty cool job to get in the ATM get
all this cash I can't get the money what
do you mean you think you don't think he
has access to it what's he doing then
yeah like an armored car maybe it's
broken maybe he really is breaking into
it honestly because look it's like EDA
has just like this normal car he's just
like a normal dude hey everybody I am
here getting cash
we just went saw limitless with Bradley
Cooper that's the second time I've seen
it it's really gonna sell with Casey and
Caylee and mommy tard
and now I'm picking up cash to pay the
babysitter for watching our six freaking
kids and I was thinking I remember
vlogging from this same ATM one time
going out it was going out to dinner or
something with mommy guard watts and we
were vlogging at this exact same atm
but that was like a while ago this seems
like a year ago I can't vote what it was
but I remember looking at her like she
was in this little mirror right here
like so you can see the person behind
you so it's like if somebody straight
has to be good bunny you can like see
that mirror like who's behind you in
lying on an ATM so you don't get wrong I
remember what the eye net just thought
that's so weird that that's it go a
memory from a long time ago
that I can still go and watch now I'm
like oh yeah I remember that was a year
ago so I think when will this moment
right now that's happening be a memory
and while I remember thinking remember
when I talked about being up that atm
that it was a time before it was a
memory of a memory but now it's another
memory crazy
watch that limitless Bradley Cooper I'm
sleep my mind's going all these crazy
ways now Oh Casey left and all that look
what sure
he pulled the car all the way over there
and it's raining out what a jokester
he's such a jokester my brother che see
raining
