I always thought I would be successful
by the age of them and turning 29 on
thirst which gives me one year
stations
our life
we're just getting warmed up
hey everybody here we are in our
favorite place the good old minivan boy
oh golly oh gee I'm sure I made the
choice to get a minivan because listen
dad's just because you're doing
something you still feel like you're
kind of cool but you're not because you
have a couple kids you have to buy a
minivan it's okay
cuz I made the choice and so can you we
men have dignity even as we drive around
our minivans no we do not fill damask
you later taking four kids to do errands
and a cute little minivan
we felt proud of the fact that we get
good mileage there's a lot of cargo and
safety features that makes us feel cool
and that's all that matters to us now
the word dad's hum guys this is an
infomercial for minivans I got to get
over dog come on dog why are you
tripping me bro oh look I've got a big
black truck on the man oh why do I get
like 12 miles a gallon yeah dog check me
out
I wish I had that truck every stop was
my truck I'm driving I'm Betty hey guys
I just get a question real quick
hey just buy a raise of hands who loves
their father Oh 30 percent ain't bad I
guess break this down I might see in
your hand dawg you let me down dog
I didn't see it I want to see right now
why don't you raise both of them oh we
got a raise hand in the baby tard
section double up when the Sun tarred
print the Stars playing hard to get
her daddy sure loves her and he just
wishes that his do who does wait state
your name and business Sam can you state
your name and business
say I'm Babbitt art of the Babbitt art
sektor - 3 / James Blunt baby Todd I am
here to declare my love for the King and
almighty my father repeat those words
after me
not exactly but that passes oh look I'm
a little kid just because I have a small
body I can crawl in cool places listen
I'm right jealous I used to be able to
crawl on things like that too but now
I'm a little too large for the hole are
you dumpy are you a bumpy are you puppy
Oracle good puppies yes you are
here's your bad dog man all right come
on you guys please you're gonna be
living in here next you know my name is
Prince is Todd number B Todd we got our
little car so we're going shopping at
the patio we'll get some ketchup what
are you ladies doing out on the town
we're just shopping for a fish oh oh
here comes our third gentleman with his
own little Cod thinking he's so big what
what do at mice let me guess a boy and a
girl one and another creep cola
replenish our house I'm gonna say no on
this one I think I'm gonna say mom would
veto this one out come on you can get
two mouths if you also get a boa
constrictor
oh all the cards are stopping what are
we getting over here what's this is what
a turtle yes we just be take care of it
yes you promise you won't kill it no you
won't fry it won't saute it you we won't
give address oh so glad so glad for the
charge up top say no to drugs be the
right amount of snow to smoke you little
monkey free that is not funny
dude I would jump on her and punch her
at the same time oh you don't ever do
that again young lady yes do not ever do
that again
I'm gonna punch you in the face so
Prince started the classic Hey look at
me I'm five I'm gonna hide when
everybody's kidding out of the van so
we're all about to go inside were like
where's princess hard
princess hard I'm like where did she go
and I guess she in the van we're looking
the van we couldn't find her like I'm
like she just like run down the street
or something and then you know gets
longer and longer because I'm like run
inside look we can't find her anywhere
like where the heck is princess hard and
we're freaking out I was like oh crap
mom eat our losses with the kids one
time and I lose one of them and then she
was hiding in the trunk of the van well
not in the trunk in the back section
like this did you hear us yelling for
you yes and you were purposely hiding
weren't you yes okay sure you are
giggling son tired was helping me trying
to find Princess start all right we're
going back to the store to pick up
Malachi we're just an echo and then we
went home and uploaded the video oh my
voice sounds so J's on - right now hi my
name's tay zonday and i have the sexiest
voice of the internet jumping right I
was just hanging out at a and I just
made a bet I told him that he needs to
upload more videos up work more vlog
since he's hilarious
haha and I committed that if he uploaded
what was the deal to vlogs a week for
the next month I would tweet every
single one of them so go check out his
channel tayvox he he did his first one I
don't know if he's gonna do a second one
anyways we're gonna go pick up Malachi
right now he is
dirty dirty boy clean it up then um we
usually take him to somewhere like to
clean him in the wintertime because he's
so freaking big
he barely fits in the tub and when he
does when we do bathroom in the tub it's
like hair everywhere that rhymes hey
and it clogs our drains in the summer I
just tie him to a tree and spray him off
and shampoo him but when it's cold in
the wintertime would take him to Petco
it's where the pets go ha ha maybe I'll
get 20% off my order for just saying
that I hope so
I doubt it no good well go home he wants
to come home daddy let me go I want to
go to my dad unleash the Kraken I'll try
to jump over that yeah last time you
jumped over that he is so excited to
come come on boy pretty cool
hey who's all clean yeah feel good feel
healthy shiny you look Freddie got a new
little leash what do I say how does he
let me smell better it's not really a
leash it's more like I'm just a piece of
rope than anything cuz I couldn't find
your record I oh my god Bobby who Oh
daddy knock it off you're making a fool
yourself again oh I'm so embarrassed I'm
gonna hang my head oh if you want to be
popular in Petco get a Great Dane cuz if
you walk through there with a Great Dane
everybody and their dog wants to come
over and talk to you
that was funny because Great Danes are
just like they're so big and you just
seem that's why I got one I remember
every time I would see one in public I
would feel like like royalty was in the
room it that sounds weird but I'd be
like whoa that dog you know you see a
dog somewhere it's like oh it's a dog
when a Great Dane would walk by I just
be like I'd like all my attention back
to look at that thing look at how
graceful they are that's why we got a
great day and I love them they're
they're sweet oh jeez oh jeez just what
he needs
cheerleaders all dancing around them
that's gonna be great for his ego just
wanders out there
Oh
centaur is in seventh heaven right now
he's like I'm dancing all these girls
think I'm awesome
my god it's like you see applied some
berries like but you look good
oh the car well Oh baby baby man
show us your boots mommy tired loving
those boobs excuse me who is that
beautiful family over there know you I
bet about you yeah it's a beautiful
family you have hair I think I'll join
it look so cool I look nice hip check
for two sir
she just hip check him out of the way so
she open the bar let's go be returned
broccoli face emerges from the ships
having squished
all over his face he's deliciously
satisfied in the town under jungle of
broccoli land ah I eat the trees the
trees belong I am the owner of all trees
okay like Salman Khan then the baby Todd
comes in looking for her Sheriff she
doesn't like she just likes the
french-fried kind mm-hmm you're still
young not to know that those aren't good
oh what a lucky dog let's get a massage
are you tickling Emma massaging him all
right we are just finishing our taxes I
am sending them off right as we speak we
just signed them now we're scanning them
and there is a rocky road we go Todd
there is the rock and over yonder there
is rocky bolillo Todd there he is there
he is right there
he's our little rock roll over your dad
the little man that's a rock and Roli
old dog there's baby Todd - we just
finished our taxes yeah yeah yeah we're
just finished on taxes yeah yeah yeah
boo-hoo-hoo and not only did we just pay
our taxes for 2010 we paid our first
quarter taxes for 2011 because now we
are a business we are our own business
can you believe that we have a business
excuse me there is no coffee in this
business did you not read the guidelines
of the business handbook oh oh no they
must be going over no drugs you guys a
lot in school yeah no smoke good I know
what babies are no candy that's like
size one even though we've 814 packs of
nerves in the last 30 minutes yes
he's my baby rock you Roley Oh Todd my
baby baby rock your goalie Oh Todd dope
and daddy-doo when the taxes since 2010
I'll be yeah we also paid our first
quarter taxes for next year so we really
we're fully paid up all the way from
2010 and our first quarter from wha this
coming here 2011 please believe it our
taxes are paid citizens when I don't
dandy with the government oh you're
dropping the cards everywhere we
minimums all right Roley o-tar doesn't
like to you infringe on his theme song
does not let me borrow your car baby
laughter bode Oh Todd
oh yeah yeah yeah great song
oh my goodness gracious that's a wrap go
get the back you I have to be the
children please from the camera I don't
do not an action this is are the lights
red all right here we go
Bridge the start I said Prince are we
filming she goes okay I'll say action
when it's ready to go all right so it's
Friday night girls and what are we about
to do fake a fire no we're going
trick-or-treating haha just kidding
that's not for another lot of months now
I got y'all excited okay so we are gonna
make a fire cuz it's Friday night we
thought let's get a fire it's fun it's
exciting it's linking fire so we've been
looking for fire starters and we don't
really have newspapers but then I
thought what about this stuff the stuff
that I shred these are all credit card
applications all the credit card
applications that I ever get sent go
directly into the shredding file I shred
all credit offers that are sent to me
because they are all worthless in your
trash yep that's right hum kids what our
credit cards good or bad Oh bad Oh you
guys must have a good dad you go free
debt free right huh
so we're taking all these shredded
credit card offers we're gonna take them
outside and we are going to make a fire
with the papers I go well okay weekís
that will add it to this this isn't me
great fire starter okay he's ready go
burn some credit yeah
