Hey hi I just got the camera oh I got a
body solution yes darling
oh yes and then roll the intro alright
I'm locked in here yo yo that's a wrap
on playlist live pretty much it is
Monday the day that everybody leaves to
go home we're actually staying another
day because last year we were kind of
bummed that we had to leave so fast
because we're like we're here in Orlando
we know we have to leave this crazy guy
in a van
what do you want over here I want to
play basketball
look at these moments right now he's
ready to hoop it up like Sam's got a
full Jordan Jersey honest is how you
play better Quran Sam Sam's on my team
red butler all right you gonna complain
yeah we'll be over there a little bit
let's do this
Oh late I'm pre-med to see me make it
Oh
nine five okay Gavin never be Logan
Declan and Aaron
Hey
yeah hey gallant knight back again
unit
oh yeah
yeah
Oh
yes
okay oh my gosh
we played two games I'm wiped out
his hot and humid in Orlando jeepers
good hustle Gavin the fun yeah we're
sweating he's hired all right we're
gonna go swimming now I think there's a
swimmin pool around here somewhere
hey guys so we're back at it again in
the pool Shay and I are not actually in
the pool this time we're being a blame
parents on the sidelines but get it
again look how blue and pretty this is
right now what this fish is I sure do
babe yes you want you never know yes I
sure do
dang it oh that's really good hi - hi
tix
I take this for you I sure do I sure did
yes I do babe and take for cut shake
girl with the basketball take 4 yes well
I'll get high I just got the camera yes
I love you eat your heart out dude
perfect yeah I smooshed it on the first
one I wonder how many of those they
shoot Gavin we should ask dude perfect
to let us be in one of their videos they
got some news nerf stuff about our
school but we're at the pool yeah it's
kind of cool cuz everybody has left
playlistlive except for us but yeah the
last ones left
come and sit baby boy hey were you in
the hot tub ah he's gonna do a trick
what's going on here let's see this
trick
what's up baby
you're such a youtuber third nail tax
and you having a good time
hey blonde mullet do you look at that
rat tail that a water moccasin or a rat
tail water moccasins yes what huh oh I
thought you just said I don't say what I
thought you just said what hey Cecily
quit giving the kids culture we're from
Idaho and we potatoes all right ha ha
Gavin swoosh one of those for me who
that rat tail swimming through the water
dude that's the three-pointer ball from
the three-point contest hit it John
Stockton almost it shot well while the
kids are playing we're gonna Jenga let
me see your best Jenga dance there at
Jenga style dance routine da da da da
but I've got da correct that he's on my
turn alright here we go let's see let's
see you guys what do you think
where where where should we pick who
this one looks like little move nope
nope nope you gotta just tap them the
secret right
hi-yah oh snap another oh I knew that
I'm just as all for effect you know it's
like that's my style
I get style points here we go okay you
got major style
oh here we go nope mmm how about you you
you it's like trying to find you know a
secret passageway into the Jiang Palace
Wow okay make your move lady make your
move but yeah nope I'm not okay yeah we
get what he got what he got oh you find
a slippery one it'll slide right on out
of there there's here you can do too
well there's two in air if you know what
are you guys is that cheating
what's the ruling on double block Jenga
polls get wrong how are you doing that
what yeah you can do my turn you want to
help do my turn but wait wait wait get
those slippery fingers off my Jenga
blocks okay let me show you a block and
then I'll help you get it out all right
okay do you know how to do it okay dude
I'm subbing you in you're a pinch hitter
let's see it don't disappoint me dawg ah
soft you got to be soft like a surgeon
okay try to get it out of there solely
softly oh no no are you getting it is it
does it like it's gonna come out you
can't pull it too hard I think that
might be a good one though slowly slowly
slowly get it nice nice add a kid you
gotta get on top though
careful careful careful tippy tippy
tipos no you this is the part of the
move this is the last part you have to
build it yourself stretch stir Oh
slippery slope he did it all right
shudders Jalen no brachot monster now we
hope the blocks will fall over then
we'll win me five can't wait did you get
it oh I thought she just pulled one out
look what where where
oh it's leaning tower of chisa looks
like oh I smell disaster like Brock said
at the beginning how are you doing that
no are you no it's my turn it's our turn
dang it no hold on switcher Oni here
watch off let Dad go to tell here the
facility is very precarious son 1 p.m.
Oh Oh daddy oh oh you've got a slippery
one
dude this stack up here is getting a
little mess
oh snap all right
okay okay look in the box turn oh are we
doing Oh Brock bah I think it's means
turn cuz we're a team Oh Brock got some
other teammates good huh okay cuz it
almost gonna go no babe you're gonna go
for a one stacker you gotta set it on
there still
slowly brought brach softly softly
softly softly can you get it out hold on
wait for him to finish his turn hey
listen what do you just come running out
of the pool this is an intense Jenga
match scooch on out of your sisters rock
you got to get yourself oh okay we know
I guess we'll allow that careful careful
careful careful
Oh My heavens how is this how is this
existing thank you guys all right we
tell them we hooked up wires to it up
here okay okay here
Oh can you pull out two uh if they come
out I guess yeah I think it just ups the
game a little bit if you get out to do
were stacking you okay let Eve you guys
oh my goodness careful careful here you
got one
wait wait wait back away from the blocks
you got to slowly they got to finish the
turn Oh My heck I can't believe this is
City okay Emmy you can go we're all
seeing a stack in here look at this it's
like the Lincoln Log house how about you
I'm innocent
I'm trying to spot some blocks I want to
take out
all right yes Java tournament oh my gosh
yeah
give us give us the play-by-play ME
there's a clock time clock dude you got
ten seconds on the clock the buzzer is
gonna go off five seconds on this time
clock here you get a negative I'm gonna
have to karate kick it
with help from her sister Jenga how you
say at the end you say Jenga hey no
you're not crying right no that's okay
Emmie stay with me it's just a game
don't go back yet I couldn't believe I
thought I was gonna fall six turns ago
yep yep stack them up though loser
stacks I sit down and my computer to see
what you have done so far today it's
just nice see reality it's just a cool
family be good to each other
