good morning princess Todd you look so
fresh and clean and pretty you baby
proud Ariel look you guys are all
dressed cute and bat-o-meter no and then
there's mommy tard
I haven't changed my clothes at all
since I woke up yes I got my penguin
jammies on yay okay ladies today we are
going to go on a little Drive and you
know what we're gonna do on that drive
or get your make yeah well we're gonna
make a video while we drive that's true
but what are we gonna go oh no a cycle
recycle all right we have tons of
cardboard boxes downstairs in our garage
and I just loaded them all up in chase
truck and their boxes and we're gonna
take them to the recycling place print
this hard put the Box on your head are
you ready to recycle it box man books
man no you want to keep the box baby
doesn't see your box your cardboard box
is going to be recycled are you so happy
try again
okay let's get the boxes in the truck
and then you look up there is our
mountainous mountain of cardboard you
know I think most of the stuff is an
accumulation of birthdays and
Christmases and like like here there's
the chair then I got shaver Christmas
there's Sun tards BB gun box so just all
these things that we don't need so we've
had all this junk in our garage for like
months and months and months so it's
time to clean up
spring cleaning let's go ladies what do
you know what your jobs are to help your
job is to keep an eye give me you scared
me scare whoa nice pants I know so cool
going for the recycle you take the boxes
in recycle them you just have such an
environmentally conscious mommy don't
you want to clean garage one or the
other
All Right see you losers Mustang your
fingernails oh you are okay I want to
see a full full 32-french strip all that
when we get back goodbye goodbye hey
what can I get a new truck can you get a
new truck this'll piece a hunk of junk
well I've had this truck for four years
that's not that long but
no but I mean it's been alive this
salary's is still running because the
person who had it before me took really
really good care of it they were an oil
distributor they sold oil the dude who
had this and he changed the oil I can't
read 2,000 miles which is under the
specified requirements he took really
good care of it but it has 150,000 miles
on it which isn't too bad really
anyways ma meter was really nice she'd
buy me a new truck okay
so she wants a new truck and you know
normally I'd be like God we really need
it I took this truck with me last night
to go out with my friends because he
needed the van to take the kids to
soccer practice and I so I took the
truck and now I'm like yeah you need a
new truck it was so loud and clunky and
falling a party so it's time for a new
truck I think so Shh
don't tell him we forgot to tell
everybody what your job is now as we're
driving down the road you must keep your
seatbelt on however I want you to glance
behind you every couple seconds to make
sure we haven't lost any boxes okay can
you do that baby turn yes yes okay so
I'm under the impression that when
Shea's driving with the girls
he had them shift because they both were
fighting over it like hey when mom's
driving mom drives because I don't trust
that they won't keep it in neutral or
something crazy like that we are here to
recycle our cardboard boxes there is
only one problem however hey be tired
what you doing up there what's he doing
oh look at that they're stumped pull
they're like way full princess hard
we're gonna have to get creative and
start breaking down stuff and shoving it
in there I can't - okay so feet here
okay all right princess tired what's
your job that's all right you know your
job is every every few you and baby
chart I can smash the
now I'll put it yes you have to find a
spot for them but don't climb back there
because I don't want you to get stuck
okay I've looked stay right there okay
okay let's get taken down maybe tired
okay maybe hard right down the box my
stride
step on it again it'll work step on it
again you can do it watch like that you
got a crush I'm at the corners good job
you're ready to give it to princess are
you helping we've got a nice little
assembly line going on just hand in the
boxes down I've got to break some big
ones down because the recycle guys here
to pick up these big bins we gotta hurry
he's like circling he's done like two
laps so we got a hurry because he's
ready to take these away
there's the recycling truck he's gonna
take that one first and then this one's
next so we gotta hurry guys we gotta
hurry let's go okay I'm not gonna take
you he won't take you right now she's
like baby's heart I don't think that
they recycle baby tarts baby turns
aren't recyclable or they they recycle
this stuff in the garbage stands huh
cool I was stuck in a tunnel and now I
see the light at the end of the tunnel
and it's a cute baby tired Oh see you
later bye bye hi guys
maybe we should take this home and play
with it first this is fun this is fun
huh
whoa crazy baby that Lisa like
somebody's at the light okay let's go
well there's the fire pit that we bought
this old box I guess we'll break it down
and throw it away hey baby turned in the
box I want one for Christmas we've been
working so hard I think that somebody
has just been working too hard
prints is hard are you sleeping are you
sleeping in the recycle bin all right
well good night ladies see you later
here the truck comes JK lol we need that
box broken down yay thank you ladies
I think they're alive not boxing yet
come on get to work okay yeah I know
it's hard
let's fold it in half one more time
movies star princess card that's the
hatch we did it guys
high five we didn't the truck is empty
Thanks okay so guess what I get to be
today I get to be a daddy
a mommy daddy mommy daddy I'm being my
dad mom I'm gonna be a dad basically I'm
gonna be a single dad Cousin Itt wait
I'm not every day but even more so today
because mommy tart is leaving me what
are you going to do well I have to go
meet with the tax people their taxes
going for a girls night out with your
green scarf you like can you better not
let any cute boys look at you I'm not
cute I'm rugged yeah I want to be ready
I'm not really handsome or good luck and
you could call me rugged energetic I'm
rugged and energetic what is that
supposed to mean my loves my loud I was
editing I was editing yesterday's video
and I was like shut up seriously you
guys think you get sick of me I have to
edit myself every day over and over and
sometimes I'm like Shay shut your mouth
just zip it and then I like makes me not
want to vlog because I'm like I'm so
stupid
there's screaming it's like just me
screaming all day basically today I'm
gonna be totally Zen and calm
hey guys I'm vlogging here let's do a
totally different it's not gonna work
it's not going out why
what in the crap is this cheap thing
this supposed to be a slide look it's
like almost as wide as my hand seems
like it could be dangerous there's like
no sides on it test it out for us son
tard this seems like it could be really
dangerous son tard go go
was that fun seems like a like a New Age
retro slide or something that what it's
for
weird good old monkey bars Oh baby darts
on the monkey bars a bleep dart you and
the more sparse hey baby card what do
you do when you're happy and you know it
huh do you smile get the balls on target
job yeah I mean son tired playing the
soccer ball
get it nice stop
huh whoa
send them up slowly
he was just standing up ok ready ready
yeah well he was standing up by himself
