Hey
good morning the cheese skillets check
this video out look I'm gonna show you a
little bit of it watch this look I'm
sorry I just gave up
did you send Shay Carl a message yeah
why you gotta see this you gotta see it
cuz I'm sweet so go check that out you
guys I'll put a link it's pretty cool
it's called well this it's Corey and
Lucas for the win episode 4 so this is
like a series going on but I'm in this
funds they use your watch yet so I'll
leave a link down to my patents go check
it out and I give some great advice
maybe you guys need some good advice
maybe that advice to be for you or just
you could just watch the video hi this
is me princess chard
my mom's dad got inside
take up your right boot hey what are we
getting for you why do you need soccer
shoes what are you be doing with those
you like these like those did you just
smell them I'm so proud of you that's
always do the dishes
give me five dude sweet all right you
like those okay let's try some one for
you did you see Brett start what is it
mr. playing soccer
dude it's paint do you love it set your
favorite part they said you were the way
well you wear whichever ones are clean
as well your work that sounds like a
good negotiation you will do whatever we
say
thanks for trying go away there's
princess turns shoes I am filming this
he's dropping kanji sighs holy crap
that's blasphemy I dropped the ink you
get a look and it's not broken you guys
near any witnesses I did drop it look I
committed the worst sin of all Yankee
Candle sins you're not picking up buy it
stop Oh seriously you're on I just like
switched hands and I grabbed it and I
just like undead I'd have to buy because
I love it and you can use it could be
broken right listen hey there's somebody
on Twitter who started a Twitter account
called shake Carl facts I think it's
shaycarl facts or Shaytards I think it's
shaycarl facts is just like facts about
shaycarl
and they asked if this was my all-time
favorite I think it is pineapple
cilantro yep kidding me talk about smell
smelling shoes smelly candles and
remember when you sent us yes smell this
what there's always room for more Yankee
just say yeah hey Yankee here we are
back in the Yankee Candle ilonggo is
that you guys who remembers that if you
don't remember we were here one day
sniffing sneaky candles and it was so
nice of them they sent us a box of like
three four hundred dollars worth of
candles like a bunch of these and it was
like such a nice gesture that's somebody
I like want to promote for free because
they're so sweet but seriously send us
more candles right away
it's just some mom over there just
pulled the classic parent thing and
yelled at their trout with their full
name it was like Jocelyn star Thaddeus
Bartholomew of the 3rd looks like this
really long name me mama darling each
other like mommy's mad okay listen this
just in you guys oh crap I'm so sorry
this just in
shaycarl might have a new favorite
Yankee Candle throw how do you put that
in a jar mandarin cranberry my regards
to you creators of mandarin the
cranberry yes we are buying this I am I
am trading money for this item I will
trade them numbers in my checking
account for this that's why listen
that's we're at a parenting for it we're
about to be that lady okay send our come
here son tyre is begging and pleading
for this and it's a my friendship
bracelet my concern with the baggage
Quran anyways so listen kids are gonna
be kids that every time you go somewhere
they're gonna ask for something they're
just gonna test you at least our kids do
it every time back we have this just to
test the waters they may not even really
want it do you memorize a kid not really
wanting something but you see it and you
just ask anyways but you really don't
care if you have but then if they say
yes then you're like wait maybe yeah and
then you switch exactly because it's
like whoa it's they're gonna let me get
something I don't really want that I'm
gonna like try to up the ante yeah this
is what I really want like okay and then
I mean I don't know if you go to another
step after that like if you're really
like it this big
really hard one of this it's up a
bracelet make her a friendship bracelet
maker he apparently tied on any bracelet
so I told Sunter if he wants to get this
he can get it but I want three bracelets
made he has to learn how to make it make
three bracelets in two days or else he's
gonna be branded for a week so if he
really wants it and says yeah that's fun
I want to play with that then fine you
can get it but I want to see you play
with that you have to make three
bracelets in two days or you're grounded
for a week which means no TV no PSP just
quality time with your brothers and
sisters and family know your bravery and
your bracelet will help you do it but
then you have to do it okay wait who's
gonna help him do it yeah are you agree
into this right now
I'm serious dude grounded for a week no
TV no PSP I'll take some of your toys
away I mean strict okay you read of this
two days three bracelets all right let's
move along in life and see what happens
you can't hear that
it's lightning and thunder Nene Nina how
do you say that lightning and thunder
it's lightning that's underneath Sun
guards foul hog has to be outside of the
Ring I forgot I want to buy a lot of
bottled water or or a filter we need a
filter so I don't waste plastic but it's
something right water all day
I think our tap water is kind of gross
it's good for us ah tricky pop I have a
question for you remember yesterday when
you fell out of the thing that was right
there you fell out of it to guess where
it is now it's up on top of the boxes
can you do that because of us so this
just in Maumee tardes found some new
evidence on one of those forward all
emails and it goes against everything we
ever knew as kids growing up so tell me
if you agree with this or if you think
this is bullcrap okay he's ready he
monitored what did you hear
okay in an earthquake you always been
taught to get into the doorway or under
a desk right right
worse places to be because if a building
collapses just gonna collapse the desk
in and crush you and this guy did a
bunch research I don't remember his name
I could look it up for you but I'm not
going to so wait you know it's true
because he did a bunch of research on it
okay all eight hundred and fifteen
thousand okay just leave your email
below and we'll be sure to forward that
to all of you know so if you're in an
earthquake it's smarter to lie down next
to the desk because if the building
collapses it's going to hit the desk and
then there will be a window like it's
called the triangle of life there's a
little triangle of space where so it's
gonna land on the desk and then go like
this yeah I mean it will probably fall
in yeah because this is sad but this is
part of
research the first building he ever went
into that was crushed by an earthquake
it was a school and it was you know all
kids and he said all the children were
crushed to the bone that's horrible I
don't want I didn't know this was in
this email
we're not forwarding that to any of you
that is horrible that makes me okay we
need to figure something else but there
was all there was a window in next to
the desk was an opening of all the girls
okay so you guys do some research you
guys do some due diligence find out what
this dude is what this study is cuz I'd
be interested that's crazy yeah oh your
whole life you're tired get her to the
desk and that does make sense
you know anyway so you what do you guys
think check it out it showed the opening
like the windows of space I'm like that
makes so much more sense so Abed you lie
next to a bed because there's something
that'll stop the thing from falling all
right what do you guys think especially
with what happened in Japan that sucks
look it up what do you guys think find
some links I'm gonna do some research
too but what do you guys think about
that okay now we're going to get out but
start from gymnastics yeah
you you think princess tart needs her
help to get her from gymnastics yes
trust me she doesn't need anybody so
let's all go get her
let's show her family love okay we're
going to get pretty Stern come on come
on Bobby tart go through the puddle such
nice springtime weather huh hey hood
seems like the two hoods yo-yos you say
saw a baby
let's go
let's do this
you guys this is what we where we going
next week I'm sorry what retard says
we're going to the playground very tired
where we going next week where Adam a
woman that is right you guys next
Tuesday what's today Wednesday yesterday
what is today Wednesday yeah
I'm gone you hold on him vlogging here
just like turn up James one next Tuesday
all the Shaytards are flying to New York
City to go see this man his name is Jake
it's gone and I know we're still having
fun it's a yellow basket yellow basket
but it's it's for disc golf
it's like frisbee golf if you are not
familiar with the term it's called disc
golf and we don't know where it starts
okay so tonight we're gonna throw these
frisbees in the face with the Sun tired
you should have bought a brighter color
says mommy yeah but okay right there -
listen it's like golf that's your first
shot so this is your second shot go hard
as you can well if you have to pee pee
dude we're out in the forest well we
can't film it are you gonna pee or gonna
throw are you gonna appear you to throw
throw then P producer does that mine
okay leave it there son art that is your
target oh there it is okay so that's
your third throw that's it miss it
princess art show me where mine is
dude I get to go next hold on alright
you made it what is that five or four
five okay fine thank you for finding my
frisbee I appreciate it get five four I
win baby look I beat Sun tire with one
frisbee disc throat dad carts ugly he
likes an ugly frisbee that's how it
works
all right on to the next competition
