when you have been no specifically max
wanna belong to the thing Shea says to
the thing school family and just because
ready for a video that is because he's
Magan oh I love you say Todd
are you look so excited we're changing
in here yes we're entering Donnell
sitting out with our friends and we lost
track of time and now we're late again
today right why are you sucking your
thumb
shall I choose because I dropped it you
dropped it the plan is I'm going to get
their shoes on here in the car to
expedite the process which I could be
doing that instead of talking but I'm
blogging I'm doing anyway
I'm going to carry them into dance both
of them with their ballet shoes on so
they don't ruin their ballet shoes we'll
see how that goes are you ready okay
okay he's got a pretty little pink shoes
ease on whoa that car was gone fast are
you ready ready let's go okay can you
hold it yes okay come on finish you
staying here centered oh he knows okay
let's go yeah
carry baby chart I got him taking a turn
around the camera on us okay hold it out
like that he does can you hold it out
like daddy does thank you like that are
heavy has been eaten rocks rocks haven't
eaten hold on ready oh those are heavy
tar today
ah heavy tardes we did it good job mommy
okay see you later
he's hard raha hoon I I got a bloody
nose you look awful of me like somebody
look what happened she I don't know I
was a rough ballet class did you guys
put mocking what locks locking did you
put boxing gloves on no all right I say
what editor but I'm just Teddy you're
just kidding that's funny going on here
ballet boxing I love you too not again
not again you can't walk in your ballet
shoes I will get ruined
so hold us you're gonna be strong yet
you care I am hold the camera right are
you ready
I got a pick you both up at the same
time don't hold on hold on it's got a
sauce oh yes I'm so strong that's what
mommies do when we have ballet shoes on
that's what mommies do okay you tell him
you vlog for a minute I can't read okay
so a Bobby charge a fee like where's a
car
you're fouling her keep logging okay
okay bring we're almost to the car hey
hey we're almost down to the car hey
baby tied you open the door hi dad turn
in the night there we go there we go
you're like a monkey he's not ready for
soccer oh good job we did it round two
listening to James Blunt cuz we're gonna
go see ya next week okay now we're gonna
go pick up daddy so that he can come to
send Hart's first soccer practice with
us and it's a beautiful day it's the
first sunny springy day next up on the
kid runaround list is Sun tard soccer
practice and an orange in your face rock
card is just loving his snacks in of the
began oh he's getting to the point where
he likes to get them himself
hey doctor hey he's so distracted
there's so many things that where he
likes to get the snacks himself he likes
to reach his hand in the container if
you try to get it for him he doesn't
like it he shakes his head I mean he
doesn't scuffle from like you can't even
talk and you're already being
independent you need to slow down slow
down rock hard now you can eat a banana
I know why you're gonna eat that banana
because you're secretly a baby monkey oh
are you a monkey are you looking back to
mom he's like forget it mom
that's just a one yelled away the camera
for me he's ignoring your vlogger you
know he's ignoring me
he's starting early guys go crack who's
there camera camera hoover's camera as
long as you nice person turd
practicing his moves wow that's a good
kick Rutger ah the right share okay rock
card right sure he's looking la-la-land
you're kind of breaking and I'll be good
he remembers a little bit yeah well
TARDIS it's tiny Espen Yana is just not
working he's I'm really hard is that
good I don't think that's how you're
supposed to do it dude
yeah sigh that's it I see your phone
that's better
oh we're getting on the film better not
get on the field or then the soccer
snipers will come out I have my name's
record I like deep bananas oh yeah it's
so delicious would you find a better be
gold or giving you back to the tooth
fairy Oh pity one of those that were we
got purchased art from the tooth fairy
what'd she say they're overseas other
clovers have Itard
yeah fun at soccer practice she's oh
she's focused
I like the pigtails those are Clippers
no those are those are forest big
Clippers that's why the four hey your
mouth you're having soccer practice out
there stop it's gross where we at my
turn
for the best place on earth baby soccer
practice Rock
embarrass my pride has been hurt I don't
think anybody else thought it was you
wanting me would ya that are you kidding
me everybody saw what you think I said
he's gonna be out no I said are you
kidding me everybody saw it well so
listen you're right this is really not
bad
so I was uploading the vlog at home and
mommy target aimin ringside her to
soccer practice so she's like hey if you
can hurry and get the vlog up you can
come over here cuz they're gonna go
longer so I hopped my motorcycle and I
cruise on over here like a good daddy to
see a son playing soccer
I pull up on this motorcycle it's real
out it's like all the kids all the
parents say all love to see is coming
and princess are two maybe two are like
daddy daddy that's my dad on the
motorcycle I pull up like so cool right
can't stand out I gotta get off like
this and I like lose my balance the
entire motorcycle flips this is what
everybody is look I feel like like you
know Texas Stadium size of people were
out here looking at me I land on my bike
all the cool points out the window I
think I lost some you're in the negative
I'm in the red zone with the cool boys
and I just like laying there on the
ground like this fat dude on his
motorcycle they can't hold it oh man if
I was a wiping noses I would have had
that on can run classic anyways so I'm
gonna try to not wreck the motorcycle as
we drive to dinner try to try to get in
the positive this is I'm gonna get some
more cool points okay let's go get some
dinner
guys look the main course is arrived
it's a delicious face
you got your hair that's like beards
oh okay stop it you the baby I never get
fun that's a baby sick seriously that
was a shot of payment I shouldn't be to
the baby I want the table medium-rare um
no is he dad Figaro I thought you just
go down to stuff move that oh I'll eat
it here you say bye - yes say bye - who
survived Shaytards I say John where you
going we are going to waiter but we are
dizzy is that close vlogging baby turn
let me can I ask you a few questions
real quick
wha you've grown up over the years on
the camera starting in many straight
hard episodes yeah how have you liked it
a lot of people are saying that you're
talking about war these days what can
you attribute that to two books you
reading books about girls good mermaid
and dolphins eat the table again I'll
rock cards like Oh dad's paying more
attention to baby target wrong we're
gonna say mommy don't was doing the
taxes lately and every time we talk
about business or we film son looks like
this is acceptable you know okay you're
ruining the fun for everybody I bring up
your tats back during dinner it's almost
April 8th - you all right son guard tell
us the story you're just telling me this
is hilarious
today you're at lunch you eat much of
this kid and what happens you just like
talking to grab someone and he comes up
to me says hey kid it's a sorry strain
smokin sister yo he said oh yeah he said
you're talking about my sister yo yeah
and then yo yo course of course
so some kid came up to it said I think
your sister princess card is pretty
smoking hot yeah and you said Cydia to
me exactly dude shut up you talking
about my sister yo you forgot they said
pretty sorry what do you think about
this all right kids let's have a talk
Rock dard are you famous to always like
what's your lord I don't know I just
here to having a good time with
everybody else I don't know what's up
beside art that is your job as a big
brother to protect your sister okay so
you see any scumbags come around trying
to date your sister you say you have to
come to meet first Punk okay don't
forget that
that's your job yeah these are mere your
brother will beat all the boys up Kay
yeah
oh well you just hold a couple hundred
thousand people keep a listen you guys
you guys promise not to tell anybody
okay but if you guys end up telling
somebody make sure you tell that person
not to tell anybody that's how it works
okay Dada Dada Dada
screaming table no I prefer them another
dad
cycle baby what are you complaining
about down there is there a complaint at
the head of the table
that's not those vocal cords no I'm not
match the trade on yes favorite art how
old are you three you're three years old
you're getting so old you believe you're
three already
you know your alphabet yes good job
that's pretty good for a three-year-old
ISM are we good parents I'm like looking
for your approval is that good are we
good part can you count to ten
yes let's hear it 23% like we're bad
parents
