hey guys
shaycarl here good morning to you today
is a day of chores errands and just
getting some she's done I have not been
home and able to just like do personal
things in almost a month things like pay
the bills get the car wash clean your
backyard things you do in your normal
life
I've been around Okanagan comment before
I've been rounded up for like a month
oh yes hold on I gotta focus it makes us
always makes me nervous he's looking
combing him he's looking at me make some
really weird this way this way stop
right there
Oh neutral neutral neutral that's we got
to do that's the problem that you can
run into it this power washing facility
Park on these tracks and it pulls your
entire car through the carwash so if you
leave it in park like I have done a
couple times
yours tires like like won't though so
yeah put it neutral that just sucks your
car school and you're getting the car
wash and I realized as I was kind of
cleaning out the back
grounding if all the kids crap that
inevitably just collects in the van I
thought I'm not gonna do this I'm gonna
go home and I'm gonna get their little
butts to come out here and
family you got water Oh open Oh Paul
that's not gonna be good it's priced
soaking wet back there holy crap I
forgot I have a back to windows open
I'm like I put water why don't the water
anyways we're going home I'm gonna have
the kids help me clean this man because
kids need to learn responsibility okay
here comes here comes here comes
exciting part is ready here
it's funny sup bro peace peace those
dudes like after you get your car washed
there they will come try the outside of
your car it's a really good service
because they also give you like a towel
and a spray bottle to clean the inside
of your car while you're being sucked
through this looks like you're
multitasking you're cleaning the inside
and then when you get out of it they try
it like with towels do you go through
the blow-dry but then they also hand dry
it with towels so it's like a full
really a nice like a full service it's
easy like five minutes to go through
that does a really good job anyway so
afterwards I was giving them the bottle
and the towel back and I gave them a
little tip you're welcome two dollars
for you boys don't go spend your night
all in one place yeah here save it for
your girl rejected Dyson I had two bucks
I felt bad I felt like that's kind of
cheap like yours - bugs bro if you get a
a whopper some anyway so he was saying
my buddy wants to know like what were
you very filming Laury Laury does like I
do this video should I should have
filmed me talking to him but I said you
guys gonna be on it tomorrow check it
out you're the super famous so leave a
comment for those homies alrighty then
here we go it's time to give the call
out to come out clean oh they're already
here wanna have a little party with me
yeah you know what it's gonna be called
it's me called the van cleaning fiesta
you know what Fiesta stands for party
and espanol you go get your sisters they
probably on a party - hey you want to be
in our fiesta de la van cleaning it's a
party all right come on out of here
come on princesses oh dude you could all
do the vacuuming why did you clean the
windows last time I can never clean the
windows as good as I should but I
thought my opposable thumb is never
there
it's the new Y air freshener I got you
like it's pina colada
what do you think smell it don't pull it
off there don't pull it out there just
stick your nose up there can you smell
it
do you like it you want to eat it you
guys want to buy another you want to
marry pina colada
that's weird come on let's go I already
kind of helped you a little bit right
here Prince the start I got booked
I got coats I got shoes I got all kinds
of toys and memory
yeah let's have it all up to your room
right now move it up here baby tard pick
up your CD let's see where it is where
it is where it is where it is
Oh import baby chart I have to pick up
my CD off the van so they carry it
everywhere it goes I think I'm so
popular
oh I'm Baby Talk I'm so famous I'm on a
CD I'm so cool everybody loves me I'm
like the cutest baby on the internet oh
look at me I'm so tough that what you
say is yeah that's basically what you
say you care of Jairam go ahead don't
drop it
those are mom's glasses actually give me
those they'll stay in the vent Mama's
glasses okay sent are you ready for a
man's job these are called armor all
protective wipes see how protected you
are the wipes can't even get to your
head that's how protective they are okay
so watch you pull one out like this and
you dust my friend
the house rock the boat all over now
watch see these little see these little
crevices right here you get your
fingernails like that and run along
there and that'll get the dust in the
and the like the cracks
you use your finger now to get those
cracks and get all the dust and this can
get really dirty dude just go all over
the dash that's gonna get really dirty
then get another one and then just keep
going okay all the cracks and crevices I
want them cleaned every to start
vacuuming oh you're gonna be perfect for
this job
you are hired my friend Fritz start
doing the vacuuming how's it going put
it start
good you getting it all you having fun
you will you whistling while you work I
like you like that you'ii give a baby
try to turn the vacuum in a minute -
okay she's uh she's the air air
sanitizer commissioner that's your job
okay you're in air sanitation
all right you're fired keep going guys
good job good job retard teamwork
alright salute me soldiers so let me put
this on
corporal Butthead are you purposely
ignoring me or you just focused on your
job oh sorry for interrupting hey this
yours
you find that remember we had those
bouncy balls you want that okay we all
want to know if you like your tower or
not we all want even us to love us for
making you a tower what do you think it
was centered it's a sculpture I made for
your mom you know that it's a love
sculpture when you grow up and you have
a wife for you to do nice things like
that for wife Kay and that's how you'll
have a happy loving memory relationship
like me and your mommy cuz we love each
other so much
shall we never find you guys got it look
how happy we are get doing the taxes
woman I saw you coming I'm back on my
flank you're trying to sneak behind me
weren't you what are you saving your
money we're gonna save it for nothing
that's a great thing to save it for
nothing there's a lot of it on sale good
bye ready to go how does the car look
amazing look at how clean this car looks
is vacuumed it smells good there's no
more toys or crap or trash or anything
there's an iPhone but that's okay that's
what we'll vacuum that up later so
listen you guys should we keep the car
like this or mess it up right we want to
keep it clean huh we're just picking
your nose
you clean out your nose all this type of
talk of clean and you're like I got some
boogers new cleaning bitch what I got
baby Charlie doing it - oh my
goodness they're just gonna fill this
man up with boogers disgusting hey guys
we keep it like this okay I'll chop my
head off if you talk oh that was a close
one
almost chop my head are you okay that
meat are let's do that dance
give me your dance everybody right on
yeah well it's like my favorite songs I
made it a point to memorize the lyrics
pretty sweet so now we are going to the
bank you guys know we're gonna do it the
bank
hey Duggars he bailed on you guys have
your seatbelts on I'll freakin whoop
some but if I don't see seat belts on
those bodies okay so listen you know why
do you know why we're going to the bank
and what is that money supposed to be
used for or what else is it for like if
one day when you're 60 and you're like
dad dad dad I saw this sweet black truck
with huge tires on it you know that
money that's in my savings account that
we started when I was like shoving could
I take that out by big sweet truck and
all my friends will think I'm cool in is
that what we're gonna use that money for
absolutely not
well yeah if mom and dad ever get into
bind in taxes we'll just go ahead and
use that money for ourselves
dad what's lets they're grateful very in
anywhere I say some smart they come out
in my mind like I saw the comedy in my
mind and I just couldn't get it come out
of the lift where's the beggar I pass it
Oh F word way back there I got to flog
and I forgot where it's going rock guard
why are you screaming is he just excited
about his money he's like money today
something important in your life
jingle for there's our kid savings
program sure we should make a video
we need a jingle jingle jingle for
everything jungle for everything we do
plundered what's that behind your back
huh tell us what are you doing that
flower behind your back
young man who are you taking out flower
to your son is little Casanova he loves
a girl at dance class and he's taken our
flower mister oh look at me I'm Romeo do
you like that you've created
yeah okay guys go give it to her we want
to put this in our savings account eight
hundred on race six Double Down who you
giving this rose to she watches our
videos is that what she says when you
come to dance what does she say
so she's like hey what up son tarda love
your videos yeah leaving her a rose
today that's are you done yes that's
your plan
yes listen be sure when you video okay
okay you ready go gymnastics yes I'm
gonna take you in what you're to go by
yourself okay I'm calm I'm calm
I'm gonna walk you in okay no why not
Oh would you look at me I'm pretty star
I'm a big girl
I don't leave my daddy anymore I could
walk all the way by my soul all right
nice knowing you
you kiss you're gonna kiss I love you be
a good girl
I'm not your daddy I'm just like
cameraman I'm not your daddy am just a
cameraman I'm here for the sweetheart
I'm not even your daddy I'm just a
cameraman they hired me they hired me
ma'am I don't even know who you are
please I'm just trying to do my job
I saw your I'm gonna call the cops on
you this is paparazzi abuse this is Bob
for us here because okay bye you go over
here
okay bye all right love you or card you
backflips okay okay bye runs into the
world all by herself
she's like dad stop looking okay bye-bye
I am filming you say Carl I want a
better angle check this out we just got
in our cards see this is our little
rental we're just renting this well
we're round therefore as we left there
listen so we said that we're gonna open
it whatever is on the list we're gonna
get okay so whatever these people
ordered on their list or had on their
list or anything boys and girls that two
of each of those this head says pain
headache
it's like Tylenol chicken yogurt and
something for dinner chicken yogurt
something for dinner and some Tylenol
what a mission fulfil their lips
I know oh and a spin bike mommy Tori
wants a spin bike or a cheeseburger all
right cheeseburger that's right I mean
it if you don't follow mommy on my Matar
on twitter this is the perfect time for
me just go ahead and give her a
shout-out links my pants it's Katy late
on Twitter go ahead follow her you owe
me 500 a so funny you she just tweeted
right what did you just say I said I'm
gonna go buy something for myself
it's either spin bike or cheese
they're going to be a spin bike or a
cheeseburger what do you guys think I
like these cheeseburger ass back to this
relationship Oh a cliff devar you were
talking just relax relax
nothing's gonna happen relax just relax
my lips are relaxed in the hammock and
pick up your worries in the world for
yourself
you guys could it be that time already
could it be exciting you guys remember
last summer and it was a big debate
remember this
honey this is a big shader you remember
this was a big debate amongst the
Shaytards it was like hundreds of
thousands of comments I wanted to get
one of these so bad
and Mama sharks like me are toots our
crew who drowned who remembers one of
these giant pools that you can just buy
and set up in your backyard you'll have
to dig a hole check that out
would that be cool to have that it's
bright if they're only like 600 700
bucks well I'm saying you got a swimming
pool for 600 bucks I know it's like not
in the ground but it's a swimming pool
how cool it'd be to have a giant sweep
like that you can jump off the
trampoline off the deck there's so much
fun
yuuta listen you and Carly could lay out
oh why you so need to get trampled
I seen we had a trampoline but that's at
my mom's us okay we're gonna get us pool
yeah
let's get a pool we get a pool we might
actually be in LA this summer so what
are you looking for oh the pool $700 for
how big is it
20 feet by 10 feet by 52 inches that's
pretty nice
my name's mami tarde I don't want my
kids to drown oh I like my kids stay
alive oh look my - one of these get you
a nice cold water and you just float in
the pool on that baby
that'd be nice come on get those legs
work and work and work and give us a
class first oh okay come on get those
legs pumping I want to see the legs
pumping the tiger waiting your mom is
crazy
riding the bike not even going anywhere
what a waste of time right what a waste
of time you don't even get anywhere no
progress has even had I don't mind the
backside after you've been on that thing
for a while hey Thomas I'm gonna get it
you want it anything for my baby
anything to make my baby's bum look nice
anything anything let's go let's go
cheeseburger tartares our day if you
want it you have to get the box off of
there and onto there by yourself that's
the rule I don't make the rules I just
enforce them I'm the law in these parts
these parts of Costco I'm the lawn don't
you be questioned it otherwise you
understand what I'm saying
cuz around these parts I'm the king head
jeez man yes I am so you best watch out
what are you doing come on don't be a
wuss it just looks like a little bike
why's it so heavy hustle up what's he
faced come on really give it a go see we
can do not happening huh all right watch
watch daddy charge take over I'll get my
woman
Oh jeepers you got your women's two
things we just purchased it that's I'm
married to blood for you what are we
doing your dad
your oh sorry your dad she wants to be
in cheerleading class today I taught him
everything you know good those are
running toe touch you need to point
those in it's cheating but you can do it
I'm impressed I give you a ten honey you
think one for something a little bit too
much we're forcing the spring so we
bought a fire pit one of these things
that you can it looks like this you know
you put your the thing in there and you
can sit around by a fire there's
probably like a 30% chance of snow
tonight but we don't care because we're
excited for springtime so we're like
come on let's get the fire pit out and
all the kids are like why are you guys
out there in the rain it's like cuz
we're put the fire pit together what are
you doing aren't you gonna come help
with this fired thing together you want
to make s'mores yeah if it stops raining
we'll make some s'mores I bet your mommy
tard like s'mores did you get those
prison there get to work woman I'm
vlogging here yours Mosely building
stuff come on I'm vlogging here I've
been sent on an errand
mommy tarts like Shea that time a month
need you to go to the store for me and
get some graham crackers and chocolate
marshmallows because we may make a small
stick just
we make the smallest inmate where's
Marshall
anyways so I'm here getting stuff thanks
tortoise more so I'm tired you go get
her coat down for her all right what are
we doing break the start all right why
why do we want to be what does that mean
we want it to be like the temple so we
want to keep our house clean like a
temple awesome awesome now what are we
gonna go do outside we're gonna go light
some fires here you go there's the bomb
there's the bomb and sundered what do
you got so what are we making and these
are and the good thing about these
forces of their calorie-free yeah I got
the special chocolate marshmallows and
honey Grahams that are their calorie
free zombie and it's high in fiber and
nutritious if you just look good enough
at your store you'll find some too then
I'm just kidding you guys these are not
good for you we shouldn't always be
eating s'mores what the heck where did
you get that I don't think so young lady
this is Carly's it is Springs I'm gosh
dang it
what we're like the pioneers baby Darden
can you be pioneers arts or eating jerky
from the plains buffalo huh so I'm tired
what are you eating what is it
what kind of jerky it's the plains
Buffalo earlier today your dad went on
the plains on his horse and he shot a
buffalo with his bow and arrow the night
and and steamed and smoked that jerky
for you so you'd have here tonight on
the plane any partner all right oh you
guys hear that
the wolf's are gonna get us tonight I
gotta sleep close to the fire
serious keep your feet up cuz the y ou
T's to come underneath your chair and
bite your feet Oh baby guards really
thinking about this she's like so
because they didn't have like real logs
these are just like the chemical logs
just light automatically we're kind of
like nervous to let the kids roast
marshmallows on it looks like blue and
green smoke is coming off of it so that
has cancer in it yeah go ahead roast
your marshmallow right there mami tarde
went inside and she made some in the
microwave and now we're just out here
enjoying the ambiance of the fire but
yeah we're still having sores that are
not cancerous
hopefully cross your fingers how is that
centered are you making a mess getting
the ambiance some sticky fingers around
a fire hey Carly how many s'mores you're
gonna have hey when we were lighting the
fire and it was windy and raining it
would not like a princess articles oh I
hate Idaho it was hilarious reading a
s'more princess card is it delicious
shut up today Junior
hey did you get work did you get me one
a vegetable one little bit how's your
smart how's your s'more maybe tard
Cooper you guys delicious delicious it
up delish omission it up that's a word -
listen it up backyard cabin is for the
win what you think it should how would
it go backyard capita for the win
dog mani what are you gonna drop that
beat sucker you gotta drop that be soon
yo okay that's a great idea where can
you get a drummer you're cracking me up
why Seattle you want to get like Kurt
Cobain the next Kurt Cobain yeah are
they from Seattle yeah do you want him
to be your drummer yeah anything that
looks pretty cool what he's not very
good he's acting huh
I think he's probably pretty sweet maybe
is backyard camping for the win do could
be in your album with you yes we dog be
watching for that track to drop soon yo
che sunt our band with the dude from
icarly it's a work in progress
check it out coming down on you soon
Yeah right
