this is the tower of love this is the
tower of love and compassion for the one
that you love for all time just it's
like I haven't settled on the lyrics yet
but it's it's more like a work in
progress it's gonna be on Broadway
probably like spring of next year I
don't I don't want to talk too much but
yes I'm going up Broadway I'm going on
Broadway super pumped up I have like 180
dates already scheduled it's like a full
leotard system that I have to work with
it really accentuates my route I'm just
kidding okay so listen seriously what's
good serious or something check this out
I know you guys are like a Shay that
looks like a weird sort of citrus bomb
that may support babies lives I'm not
sure exactly what that is
here's what this is people this is how
you keep a marriage fresh and love food
that was creepy
I was a little bit creepy so here's
here's my message to you if you are a
person who feels like you might ever in
your entire life no listen it could be
an it could be in ten years be in thirty
years for me right now have been 40
years ago I'm just saying if you're a
person watching this video right now and
you feel like at one time in your life
you might have a relationship with a
person if you feel like you're that
person then just continue to watch this
video if not go ahead and and just X out
right now so okay if you're still here
if you ever feel like you're ever gonna
have a relationship and the rest of your
life whenever it comes it will happen
sooner or later for most people but
here's the secret
here's the here it is it's a verb love
is a verb you don't just love somebody
love isn't like don't get passed to me
but it's not like Twilight it's not like
you're like oh yes that's a shirt off
and he's a vampire I love him
love is a job love is work love is a
verb what I mean by that is it's not
just a feeling if you love somebody you
do things for them it's a verb love is a
verb you have to work at it it's a job
it if you want to if you want to be
happy have to work at it okay so listen
stop am i preaching to you okay so
here's what I'm talking about tonight my
wife said hey while you're out can you
get some formula for the baby I was like
sure I'll grab something real quick so
of course there's the formula but then I
also added a few things that she loves
like gum she loves gum all flavors she's
a gum fanatic and she asked me some for
some fruit also so this is mega points
and then she'll make out with me that's
a secret you've got to get the chicks
make out with you okay see you guys
later bye
