you are not watching the sheets on
just sit back relax wanna belong to the
same chasez to the thing see jumpers
cool family and just because it's our
PDF ready for a video so that is because
he's rygan
that's right you just saw an airplane
being diced that's right and headed out
on the road again I will roll again the
harbor's here where to get out on the
road again for the San Francisco to host
did you tour tonight what he bought it's
gonna be fun
safety first
oh so you love your one
berry max because
next fix
honey you ready fighter flight got your
safety harness fasten good girl
it's fun being in the back where nobody
else is because then you can do crazy
stuff
spanx is off we just walked in and we're
gonna dance party we don't even know we
just like upholding from the street I
mean everything standing outside like
the oven here so we are just finished
with digit or it's Mexico what's a nice
but where we are where we are Lumumba
Lumumba whatever this town Mountain baby
we're good just basically San Francisco
it's like a suburb of San Francisco Mike
30 40 minutes away we're not me
Californy where the googolplex is
located why denerith quarry by Del
jumoke lady mocha TV huh AKA Cee Lo
Green give us some sealer brooms I'll
see you driving round town with the girl
holla like you
guess a change in my pocket wasn't
enough I'm like forget you and go be
with her the way that some shock ain't
got some stuff a little face tastes like
negative there's no issue the Bears are
like forget you guys who subscribe okay
welcome to you ASAP link is in my dad's
alone ace bar are you the movie we are
we're in a Mexican food restaurant so
it's not my dance where it's a
pantalones more subscribe this guy is
amazing happy birthday to you happy
happy birthday happy birthday she doing
here hey guys so princess card has been
annoying me for the last how long since
i got home today like eight hours why
why have you been annoy me prints start
presents because I got you some presents
hmm no California from where from Khao
San Francisco Sun tart is correct from
San Francisco I actually didn't get
these presents for you guys there's a
nice girl watches our videos and she got
you the presence which is nice because
anytime I go on one of these trips
somebody eventually gives me a present
to give to the kids so I'm always like
super dad because I always come on with
presents and it's like oh here I brought
these for you guys when I really didn't
get them for them this other girl did
but you guys still love me right yeah
alright let's see open the presents
here's the back to back I'll leave a
link below of the girl I can't remember
her name right now but i'll leave a link
below the girl who gave us the present
so you guys can go check her out and say
thank you from the kids alright this is
how the names on them open let's see
where's that sorry was that sit oh wow
Rock chart ok rock guards asleep is that
centered all right go ahead open yours
this is such a nice gift I hope it's not
end
x what is it oh is that a like a pencil
thing dude that's cool where's that bad
maru maru it's like a pencil case you
can take the school you can buy your
pencils in that's cool thank you there
you are well we'll go find your channel
later and you can watch her thank you
very much ok open that you love it ok
give her blower and kiss ooh you're
young you're supposed to be kissing
girls I was a test was a test say your
sprint to start you've been driving
around town like a girl I love and I'm
like forget you and forget you to let it
be a changin what is it no wait desam oh
she loves no bad she loves to write on
things let's see lay your baby tart I
open it open it up see what it is hey
baby card hey hi what's this in your
nose Oh baby card is a drone boogers
crows watch you eat your boogers oh stop
eating your boogers sons are gonna eat
your boogers oh whoa listen listen buddy
listen hoodie what is it don't hurry up
give me that oh it's so fresh add that
is nice it's a Hello Kitty notebook
there you go that way you guys want to
ask me to print pictures off my computer
every single day that's one of the new
things or girls do exactly what you get
they wanted me to print pictures of them
off the internet them to color oh that's
cute here put that on what it is is a
Hello Kitty birth that's cute and let's
open that for you here you go baby tarde
para look at that unzip that you can put
like money and stuff in there
hit that stamp let me see 42 Oh baby
girl let's see you look so cute how do I
look do I get it all right hello kitty
step I'm gonna get this rack that good
yeah I get it yep I have a Hello Kitty
stamp on the forehead come here Prince
Arden come here you want to join the
club to market the Beast is the hello
kitty but mark on the forehead the mark
of the beast hello Keyes don't mark up
your skin like that how many times have
I got it sorry yeah that's nice I like
it let's see you do the smell let's
should smell like great for some reason
names really great okay guys what do you
say to that nice girl so much I love you
Oh sunshine making moves on the ladies
make a move on the laters all right
thank you see you guys tomorrow bye yay
I don't know why wait oh yeah what's
rock charts I was trying to come up with
a cool like out trouble in the Middle
East what is rock cards nice sweater
marker is that hot stud on your chest
hey where's them oh cool on his own silk
wrap okay that's cute cuz we usually
don't so that's it be good we travel so
glad I got it you got warrant all right
she's gonna have stamps all over her all
right good night we'll see you guys
tomorrow
they'd all be the same in the parking
garage for Tara baby sing it's hard I
said let's hear a baby sing it tard they
don't sing it see it in the parking
garage in the parking garage in the
parking garage
