y'all can watch some country dancing I
love it I like your hot pants is that
the electric slide on those hot pants
what what does hey guys that's what
we're the rodeo on a date we lost those
stupid kids of ours we ditched with a
babysitter
we're not have kids not tonight not when
you're wearing your hot pants so uh hi
this is the video for today because I
had to fly home at 6:00 a.m. this
morning after digit or last night and I
didn't even sleep literally stayed up
all night me and Hank green flew
together from San Francisco to Salt Lake
but he went to Montana and I'm here at
Idaho
Oh Idaho and Montana so we're here at
the rodeo again we're mostly here for
the ice cream because they have super
good ice cream
mommy tire has an addiction admit it
yeah it's true it's like this really
good soft serve ice cream anyway I saw
today having fun nobody Oh today except
for this video
all right so you guys see it we'll see
you tomorrow okay hey say by the time
give me one more get one more dance move
these people are looking at you funny
