you are not watching the shaitaan fog
just sit back relax follow along two
things she says to the things he does
per school family and just because it's
RPF ready for a video so let it be girl
hey he's my again
I'm gonna get ya hey I'm not getting you
guys I'm getting a rock-hard you oh no
three all right we're gonna go check up
on little room cleaning because guess
what daddy's back in town that means we
gotta get some cleaning done all right
ladies I think that Blake is should be
folded if this was truly a clean room
that would be a folded blanket well it
needs to be folded until you cuddle with
it so I think you guys need to use a
little teamwork and help fold it
together what are you doing you vacuumed
in yeah good give it done I know you
don't but you still have to do it
there's certain things in life that you
have to do even though you don't want to
do them do you think I want to love you
every day no I don't but I still do it
son your dad no I don't it's a full-time
job it's a full-time job loving you guys
you kidding me you think I want to do
that every day of my life that's not my
blanket it might be mine because I paid
for it like everything else in this
freakin house are you not helping come
here
you're getting a punch in the nose hate
a punch in the nose you get one punch in
the nose excuse me son card baby card
deserves a punch in the nose
and I need to give it to her
go with a bunch of the nose Rock to
argue a punch in the nose Brunel's
Sunderer you hold her down to a punch in
the nose please all right punches the
noses come and get her arms yeah this is
for you messing up the blanket that's
like three on one that's almost not fair
but I don't care what do you want you
want a helicopter what if I don't
helicopter she does why because she
always told you she's like give me a
helicopter get you ready okay this is me
the most crazy one ever are you ready
for this
your brains might come right out of your
nose are you prepared for those
consequences okay here we go
all right yep are the numbers read yep
okay you see her
I hold it steady and don't lose you're
out of the frame of the camera you ready
huh here's one kiss goodbye cause you're
gonna float up to heaven for this to 100
laka
hey daddy Turkey give me one oh that
hurt yeah okay good all right put the
star doctor three two one spin of flight
why does some tart get one okay so dark
your necks ready one two
come on me again
you never deserve the big boy one two oh
geez what chuckling butchered like I'm
good dad
I'm the father of the year hey everybody
hair in the car
print is hard why don't you go ahead and
give us an SMI le that spells smile yes
but starter a fumble what are you doing
are you eating that what are you looking
at does that one have a metered
signature on it
no baby tart on the James Bond CD hey
where we going guys going through a
Mexican restaurant it'll heal that
arrows I'm gonna go to LA Lord arrows
and get some rancheros whoa whoa big
dose little bright on like gelada I'm
gonna fight a goat on my enchilada a lie
or die Rose it's funny cuz I never do
that until I marry to you I don't really
like it but I think that's my grandpa
used to do it or my parents I don't know
who taught me anyways we're going out to
dinner with my mom and dad who are
celebrating their 32 year wedding
anniversary
Friday married for 32 years and you feel
it but you know about marital 32 years
how long we've been married for 37 38 39
we've been married eight years sorry so
we've been married
longer than your parents at what eight
years and 32 years let's don't 39 you
said 39
anyway I see how my parents been married
for 32 years and me ma meter been
married for eight years and son tard how
long you been married son tired now
you'll have a girlfriend why actually
you chef Oh such a sad story because
they're just little kids that is exactly
right right to start what oh why did you
break up you guys are cracking me up
that's why I had kids mostly I just for
my amusement that's why we had kids I
wanna turn one day we were bored we're
like we wants me to hang out with should
we get friends no let's make babies
that's why we that's why we did it
anyways yeah we're going to celebrate my
parents 32 wedding anniversary how
awesome is that that's pretty rare in
this type of world today where marriage
is flaunted about and treated like it's
nothing
32 years is quite the accomplishment for
sure I need I want to call this this
video hot chick jump on trampoline so I
just need a few seconds of you jumping
on the trampoline okay that's good
thanks
do you just give me a really hot shot
like look really sexy so people want to
click on the video oh I want to click on
that all day long
Oh baby I'm clicking on right now who's
clicking on that baby I am hot chick
jumps on trampoline that's good do that
again ready do that do the Russian oh
there you go that's my image that's my
hot chick jump unhappily alright now for
an alternative now I need fat dude jumps
on travelling okay you fill me we call
it hot hot dude fat chick wait switch it
hurt hot chick fat dude jumps on Tripoli
hot beed magic oven Oh baby
what come on
can you be a hot and fat chicken simple
uh yes
wow that's impressive babe
wow that's cool okay squeaking I'm like
thanks babe should make out yeah you
guys fortress Mexican restaurant were
celebrating like my grandma's 30ms and
Grandpa log in there
Oh vlogging there what up dog what are
we doing we're we had here for right
here for my grandmas and grandpas thirty
to thirty do something let's go eat some
burritos
how romantic 32 years let's have some
burritos after 32 years hey boys
congratulations on 32 years you guys I'm
so proud of you you guys are a happy
couple you even have the same hairdo for
the occasion ah where's your hubby hit
uh ha ha you made it
31 years and 364 days fucktard we
enjoyed that rice you only the rice meat
arises like little rice
I think is Logan yes to me just don't
stuff that mom turn it's a thirty second
wedding anniversary
she's mean was shocking her feet wish
I've seen ask her her match knows she
was doing math today you have to you
have to give her a problem okay just you
- or just do what's 3 plus 2 3 plus 2 5
what 16 plus 16 32 happy years happy
anniversary
what is that is that your celebration
face give a mouthful of rice and let's
rock turn alright
what fried shrimp on there for my turn
right he's away he's a blue whale heats
the brine shrimp from the ocean tropical
fish remember boy what scope yeah
five paces got sold the Pepsi and his
father so standees
yeah yeah yeah I got the hook-up on the
Gator radio once again ring call me up
name Sam Gator right man
all right little cowgirls and cowboys
where are we
we're at the one no not at the rodeo
they have horses and cows where we at
princess hard are you a cowboy how
revolver outshine the cheeks we're at
neuro do you guys my mom wants to tell
you my mom wants me to tell you that she
used to be a cowgirl she grew up in
Tremont Utah and she was a barrel racer
and a calf roper animal and a Wrangler
but squeezer am i right am i right dad
ha ha yeah I was around my dad was a
hippie he went to Woodstock it
definitely smells like a rodeo hooker
when I was just in a bar we Madison
Wisconsin Utley and the pupal decal park
smells just like that here
oh here we are
did a good job wrestling that big dumb
animal in the dirt I'm proud of him
girls little more mom did used to be a
pretty girl on a horse oh okay up next
is bareback riding there right enforces
no saddle just rope in their hand
we're going eight seconds no underage
my mom's a true YouTube mom she's
already receiving the YouTube comments
for him
Oh
are you our treats already huh
you
come on did not want to come out of the
day
Oh
Oh
that's Wranglers there's another one
time up
less than decision
it's better with a Newton 216 you guys
do gotta check out this meter so pretty
pretty awesome I gotta take my hat off
it'll be a smash beard check it out
you prepared oh I don't remember you
weren't at will it's not a skirt yes and
I hit my head across the movie
two-year-old bridge oh he's here looks
like he's wearing a scarf around his
neck so long like flaps in the wind I
don't know that's a beer we're going
over an ass to this country you probably
would think I was pretty here okay now
it's time to go to sleep because I have
to wake up at 5:30 in the morning
- you do wife I could take my trailer
for 20
oh so tired I could take my truck you
want me to do that
I'll just take my truck and then I can
write it on the way home when I come
back in a day and a half
Rondo well I don't know make up early
but I don't want you to leave well I got
sleeve got sleeve actually it's pretty
exciting the reason why I'm leaving
let's do this this is good to vlog like
this cuz then hold your head up I'm
mighty proud of this stuff but my Wise
Man's much bigger than yours
let's do a head compares just just a
winner
oh oh oh how long are we gonna be
married for 32 years
oh honey you're not gonna get out of it
fuck no beggar-like gazillion trillions
and forever years yeah forever ever
forever ever that's the that's the key I
think to marriage and we me and mommy
tired of always agreed that divorce
isn't even an option it's not something
we even talked about when we got married
we knew it was gonna be for eternity and
not mind you as they say in the classic
wedding speech tell death do you part
because we believe that death will not
do us part that we are sealed together
and gather your Thoris body anyways so I
have to go to San Francisco tomorrow for
an exciting reason really did you tour
if you've not heard is a concert with
multiple youtubers talented youtubers
like we're talking Dave days day storm
mystery guitar man I know I wish you
could come too it's kind of last-minute
so I'm flying out to San Francisco
tomorrow morning wha yeah it's live it's
live streaming so if you guys want to
watch it's gonna be 7-9 Pacific Standard
Time tomorrow night live on YouTube oh
did I just tell a secret don't you've
total so much right
YouTube's gonna have the live streaming
so if you're watching this video right
now the live stream might be happening
check the link in my parents I don't
even know if it's gonna be my pets cuz I
don't know watch my tweets that's the
best way if you don't follow me on
twitter follow me on Twitter and you can
watch a two-hour live streaming show
that I am the host of you guys are like
why are you going you obviously are not
an artist you can't see you can't wait
are well I can talk yeah I'm in perform
in the parking garage so be sure to
check that out but no I'm hosting the
entire event they're giving me my own
microphone to host so I am a little
nervous I think cuz I don't really know
it's gonna be a lot of ad-lib she told
me she's like well you're gonna kind of
have there's not really like a scripts
or you have to add little s oh honey
that is my set my specialty it's for
chalti so check it out tomorrow on just
follow me on Twitter and then I'll tweet
the link for sure when we go live all
right love you guys see you later bye
bye
