who's on first he's on second who's on
second
no he's on first what I don't even know
how this little thing goes but I'm at a
baseball field so I feel like I should
say a baseball thing root root for the
home team look at that green it's so
gorgeous hey guys shaycarl here in
Durham North Carolina a sweaty hot tired
thirsty Dean Corll
we are here at the Durham Bulls
minor-league baseball park hit the grass
you win a stucco intro shot here you see
down there there's my cameraman and
sound guy he's waving at me
hi Gregory so I'm here planting this
flag we're getting a long shot here and
I've been filming all that he's down
there we have a meet-up tonight at the
mall in Durham it's fun it's cool
getting to visit all these cities
pretty exhausting but it's really cool
you know just experience new towns new
places and restaurants meet new people
having a lot of fun going home in two
days I'll be home for two days then I
have to fly to San Francisco and because
I'm doing be a host for the Digi Tour
concert at YouTube I'm excited about
that to be really fun
that's what I'm doing that's not the end
of my life okay bye
Durham North Carolina I'm here to tag
your green right after it's still
hopefully
Hey
I guess
get the shot clear at freddys and lay on
the ground on the jump impetus but the
destro yeah should I just stay on the
hat let's take this flag off that will
probably help
that'll help my ear know the keeps
you aloft
Shay's gonna tough to jump over this hat
it's all you buddy get the breaking
alright so here we are in the Durham a
ball all right so here we go
you guys are all on the vlog came out to
see us we had a lot of fun active
military these two thumbs up for that I
just used your military service to help
my YouTube
shameful anyways thank you guys all for
coming just put your hands look at sure
dftba
and the baby loving it and this guy
wants us to leave how much time we got
four minutes we're done negative two
minutes to get everybody in here about
to taste me anyways everybody say
goodbye
happiness is choice
happiness is choice I'm gonna choose to
be happy instead of punching everybody
in the face
you're in Salt Lake midnight my flight
home was just canceled my 15-day journey
has just turned into a 16 day journey
we'll plug in here lady stopped waxing
the floor
oh my gosh
oh well nothing you can do about at
least the guy at the ticket counter said
he loves watching my videos this is
funnier get up there he's like I'm glad
I wasn't like mean or anything you know
why that's what what wait I get up there
and he's like Shaytards I love your
videos it's like thanks bro anyways now
I'm going to the Comfort Inn I'm gonna
catch a flight tomorrow hopefully if I
ever get long will I ever see my family
again
tune in to see what happens on my
enthralling life hi
she's staring at mr. started off its a
funny moment when you're vlogging that
somebody's walking past you and you can
just feel their eyes just like what is
he doing why is he who's he talking to
then I look at him and I was like hey
and they're like they turned their head
really fast like oh I wasn't staring
I wasn't staring but I'm like I can feel
you looking at me I know you looking at
me think I weird cuz I'm flawed I'm not
weave down the corridor of death your
room looms large enter it alright Here I
am at the Comfort in that room but the
Comfort Inn and Salt Lake and going to
get my room I can find it should work
out maybe I'll get in a few reps and
more done yeah by catching it and I get
to push the botton I get to first define
what a push it's my turns funny little
things like that but when you're with
your kids are like you guys just stop
just push the button don't make it a big
fight but now that they're not here with
me I'm like oh every time I see an
elevator I think of baby birds name I
have pushed a button I push the button
then princess start saying no it's my
turn
and I miss some
a little birdie hi little birdie good
morning are you so it's another
beautiful morning here on the road with
shaycarl and let's try it again
should we try it again we try to get
home today here at the Comfort Inn in
Salt Lake City had a nice night now I'm
hanging my head out the window and now
we're about to go down and grab the
shuttle to head to the airport
hi mr. birdie and the tree outside my
hotel I hope you have a great day and I
hope you opens look there's another
birdie I'm just excited to see my family
I'm so excited guys ready let's do this
plane get on a plane yo and let's get
home alright peace out Comfort Inn
there's my bed that's where I slept I
probably snored right there that's the
scene of the snore fest there's the
airplane 15 days ago I was walking past
this exact same bush with my wife and
four kids deja vu life's a big circle
just all circles around and comes back
finally I'm headed home today everybody
cross your fingers
hopefully the flights not canceled again
okay it's time to go get dad so last
night as most of you know Shay's flight
got canceled
and like 10:30 at night well first it
was late and then it was canceled so now
we're finally going to the airport to
get him excited
good job are you guys ready to see dad
yeah What's Wrong sister you don't tell
me all right
she is a sweetheart really just surprise
dad stop
here we go clean house sorry time to go
they were at the airport it's a
beautiful day and I think we're right on
time you should be getting here within
the next three minutes so we're good so
cold and windy now
was i running too fast baby charge
they're leaving in my dust the excited
to see daddy yes yes how about you
princess tart they're focused they're
ready to see down the shades not quite
here yet mom yeah yeah
what is that I think that's okay okay so
Shay's not back yet but he told me to
come as soon as I could because
apparently his back was supposed to be
here before him like you checked it last
night flight was canceled you never got
it back so mister back here yeah yeah
it's not lost in the abyss of lost
luggage from airport and so much Josh
you're so strong I'm impressed
yeah okay you be the bag the baggage
girl how are you baby tired sick what's
your thumb doing in your mouth I told
your thumb to stay out of your mouth you
need to give your thumb that's not rock
hey yeah I have to show you guys my
surprise Shay was something I've never
gotten my nails like acrylic nails and
when we got married I did my own nails
cuz they were wrong I did them like
French tip with the white tips on him
and he loved it and I've never warned
him that way since so I went ahead and I
got
acrylic nails you guys like what do you
think so we're looking out the window at
the airport trying to see if we can see
here mom makes my Titan blue yep yeah
she looks delicious
reptak do you want to tell everyone what
we did yesterday yeah we did that too
yesterday Shay was supposed to fly in at
10:30 but his flight was delayed until
about 11:30 so I left like at 11:15 or
House I'm like okay we'll get to the
airport blah blah go all the way to the
airport and lin shaye told me that was
cancelled so rock garden I drove all
over their porch and chain was not fair
I was wrong turn up at 11 o'clock at
night because he keeps he's turned up
like four nights in a row just at night
and just after I feed him his bottle
weird any suggestions that better be him
if it's not I'm gonna cry that's my baby
those weird voice I mean that's my baby
okay I'm a weirdo
Oh mommy turn this is I know baby card
what did you just tell mom
maybe jar just said mom you should have
wore a coat it's cold out here
oh she takes one down for the team job
why are we making her carry the biggest
bag there Hey
are you excited to see daddy baby I've
had a kiss from you yet
do me kiss give me a kiss right now
we're sent our wieners in school you
should go get center out of school
