welcome what in all to Universal Orlando
Resort in Orlando Florida whoa dude wait
hey guys we're just going to the park
and it's right next to the pool so
that's pretty good but we didn't bring
her swimsuit so walking to the park and
we're almost there it's actually really
a short walk and I'm really excited
because he was the one over there we
were loosing that side over there danger
did not pay two alligators not really
there's not over there um there was a
park that just had two slides and that
was all and we wanted to go to a better
part so we're going to this one over
here that has like generals
and a bigger slide it's actually really
cool and it's and it's next to the pole
yeah I already took the bat
so you've lucked out and I'm really
excited to go so I'll tell when we get
there
hey guys what's all alright so play this
life is going and we are just relaxing
it took an extra day to just chill here
in Florida cuz it feels like right over
there yeah sounds nice are you getting
old Amyas yeah you're like playing on
the playground is mark it was just such
a small town and now only playing played
outside of the right structure that was
nice oh wait
- we're game that I don't want to play
so yeah well you
there are you excited for the next
couple of days yes in eight days
basically seven days in about ten hours
it's my food better bigger it is your
birthday and you have a whole plan hate
you I already have everything set up she
has it all planned out we don't have
invitations out yet but we have it all
planned out and what is the main event
um oh I'm getting my ears pierced
observing a lot
and of course a nightshirt 11 I can get
my ears pierced if you're responsible
well your dad and I still have to
discuss it but I mean you're pretty
responsible and then when I turned 12 I
can wear minimum mascara and many
meaning meaning sometimes with gloss and
then when I turned 13 I don't know be a
teenager
yeah I'm weird I'll be 18 adjust so I'll
be completely a teenager it's gonna be
exciting
I'm excited I got my ears pierced when I
was 12 so we told her 11 would probably
be okay because I kept begging and
begging and tell these all of it so
that's how it's better this is a little
bit better a little bit better but you
were begging since you were 7 years old
so it definitely held off referral but
yeah I think you're very responsible
there will still be some roles with the
the kind of earrings that you can wear
out but you know you have to keep studs
in for a couple of months in the end buy
clothes of it yeah and I just don't want
you to wear like a giant earring feel
like bigger than your you know so
there's only like the small dangly ones
that have like little flowers on this
that's we have better pretty hey wait
Harry Potter is out of here
actually I think that's Baltimore I mean
she whose name cannot be named he has a
little box wand so he's on yeah you're
gonna stab someone
I just takes or takes out running but
just like yeah that is the story of
Jackson's life right now he's a
two-year-old run go hurry do it before
they catch me okay what game are we
playing pirates is that the ship are you
guys on a ship or you in like a Pirates
lair okay well I'm a pirate argh what
looks fun
why all right where are we headed mateys
ah skip the ship that we camp then we
don't know where to go to an island we
should go to Oh where's the map
don't you see map pins right fishing
when you mess them up
who's the captain yeah we need a map I
need to speak to hey Dax look at mommy
you're falling down they don't have
insurance for this boat we need to take
it down because if you take it down
because they don't have insurance
yeah oh man boat insurance guys leave it
to Avia to tell the parents they don't
have boat insurance where'd you say I'm
a lawyer son even though that's not well
boy your desk whoa dude
ah hey nice hairdo yay what can you hold
me down get me up there please mother
all right
I'm going to take you on the player that
looks like the out dang it I'm going to
bring you up here yeah holding it
picture Phil near the tunnel let's go
through the tunnel then down beside ok
ain't gonna fall again let's go through
the hole ok alright
welcome what in all to Universal Orlando
Resort in Orlando Florida yeah he really
should be announcer well I'm a daddy
tard hey Jackson what are we doing you
say I have a big butt or Lando we're
going to guys I'm trying to vlog here
yeah what do you say Koopa diller eat
dog Thanks
are we gonna get a butterbeer oh it's
Harry Potter yes we're going Harry
Potter Harry Potter our water Harry
Potter ok so we're waiting in line here
we go we're going in here it is zoom
give me the Zoom Zoom Zoom mana zoom
room bye bye shake your Universal
Studios Hollywood look they rolled out
the red carpet for us
a it rolled out the red carpet for us Oh
what you want a what a welcome what a
what a red carpet all right crap you did
it we made it to Universal it took us a
while we did it there's a lot of
interest is to this place we married
remember last year Gavin what are you
 good I don't leave my camera out
but now that you're doing I don't I got
you I love Diagon Alley I think I said
it right
I love how the houses have snow on them
last year of every flavor of jelly beans
yes but I'm not trying them you last
year we were too late to make Harry
Potter man we started playing on the
other right so we never made it the
Harry Potter land so we made it this
year and we're gonna have some butter
beer I want
excu I'm really excited like giddy yeah
they love this giant pretty bad that's a
cake of butter beer holy
all right the big kids are all on the
big ride to meet you hey wait we do dude
you know you hold it you've got to hold
it this way yeah that's how you hold it
this is like the handle
see when Guardium Livio so how do you
well I'm a I'm a witch I don't know if
you knew that
I think is going to be broken in five
seconds I can guarantee it we just went
on the Harry Potter ride where you like
fly
it was really cool but I feel a little
bit sick I'm getting old guys it's not
fun but when you combine butter beer
with the ride I'm just a little tipsy
anyways I'll probably go on the next
ride but I needed to sit this one out
woman and Emmy on the other hand did not
need to sit it out but she I mean she
really wanted to go on it but she's not
quite tall enough neither's gage
next year I bet you guys will be tall
enough just keep growing okay now 101
what are you talking about well it was
12 seconds welcome to the land of ride
whoa Destin are you riding
are you gonna go bad
waitwhat yeah
surprising element but it looks fairly
honest you released it yeah but this is
a really love it shots
oh it's shock stop BAM oh wait that's
shocking
I present what a magical night we didn't
vlog too much because we are on limited
time we have four hours from 8:00 to
midnight to be at Universal with all the
youtubers so we were more focused on
running more like sprinting from ride to
ride we went to Jurassic Park we went to
Harry Potter world
we got wands and butter beer and it was
so much fun shout out to playlist live
this is our sixth year here and it was
such a blast loved every second of it
and can't wait for next year they
treated us so great and just like being
able to go to Universal with everybody
having them close down the park was cool
so if you didn't come you can come next
year hopefully we see it and then listen
everybody who came and met us at
playlist live these things really give
us a boost like I feel pumped to make
vlogs now after meeting you guys and
hearing your individual stories it
really motivates us to keep going I
would have stopped a long time ago if it
wasn't for the stories that we hear from
you guys telling us how these videos
helped your life so because of your
positive reinforcement to us and
motivates that motivates us to keep
going so we appreciate it okay I love
you guys we will see you tomorrow
just tomorrow see you tomorrow give me
kiss bye
