hello you guys oh gosh it's been so long
it has been so long since I've been able
to talk to you because let me tell you
why well when a little bit of them this
is why I can't do one takes because my
mind gets like this and then I pause and
then I forget what I was gonna say
that's why editing helps me cuz I can
cut out the parts where I go huh anyway
so I'm trying to do one take because my
computer got damaged on the airplane
ride somehow and so my editing isn't
working and I don't know what to do and
so this is going to be a one take er
shades on his way so excited to see him
I'm so excited sorry guys I'm a little
spastic it's time for dad to come home
okay
anyway let me tell you a little bit
about what has happened to us this week
are you guys ready I love you guys
I have to tell you that was sometimes I
just like mom would if you turn the
camera on us and we all said awkward at
the same time like that's a great idea
so that was his plan did they do a good
job you'll have to tell them in the
comments below anyway what happened to
us this week we got home on Fri Saturday
was like okay we're just gonna have a
relaxing day we're gonna do the laundry
it'll be nice and Princess hard and
Cooper Todd decided to throw something
else at us okay princess are you ready
to tell the story okay go for it okay
this is what I mean Cooper tired
was running out of Center tunes and I
was running in center too yes you hit
each other fell down what what happened
to you Cooper charge fall down just on
his bottom and I fought back well what
happened to you both after that what we
think happened is princess trying to hit
his head with her teeth and must have
cut it because he had a really big gash
right here and we heard him hit we heard
him crying and I was just like yeah
they're probably just fighting again but
no I walked out of the room and Cooper
was just dripping blood so we grabbed a
towel put some pressure on it and we
took him to the doctor Carly I am you
can't scare me we're telling you the
story about Cooper awkward Oh boring
whoa all right so that's the story
don't worry everyone's fine now he had
to get seven stitches it was an awful
experience he had to have four nurses
holding him down
and he probably remembers everything so
he's gonna hate doctors
this but he's okay now so no worries
everyone
Shane's coming home today we will be all
together tomorrow and it's gonna be the
greatest day ever
right princess hard right right that's a
nice little bit okay we love you guys
we'll see you soon
