check it out
it's a really tall building and there
smother really tall buildings really
cool architecture here in Cleveland so
I've been in Cleveland for two days now
and I'm actually really impressed like
surprised at how cool the city this is
the architecture the buildings the
really cool unique restaurants like
there's like a lot of mom-and-pop
restaurants where it's not a lot of
chain stores I really liked it had a lot
of fun here filming all not all day to
day because we're flying to North
Carolina today but I have to film a few
things where I'm riding my bike around
the city then we're headed to North
Carolina to shoot with Freddie Wong at
this I can't I know it's a stinker it's
this cool place you'll see you later
door trust me I'll let you know about it
Cleveland clips these are the Great
Lakes and I am standing right inside of
the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Bruce
Springsteen here in the CD section check
out this architecture er it's like a
diet pyramid inside here so we just got
done shooting out front and we decided
to come in here and the Rock and Roll
Hall of Fame it sucks we don't really
have that much time because our flight
leaves before but really loved to go in
here but we're just kind of checking out
the gift shop and just checking out the
inside of this place it's way cool I'd
love to spend all day in here and just
kind of check everything out
alas we must fly to North Carolina and
there was no time
that's my airplane noise look at that
car over there like a jewel-encrusted
mini super I'm so hungry I think I'll
have a hot dog for lunch
Cheyenne hotdog joke huh this place is
pretty cool I got some shirts that's for
mommy tard and I got me some shirts had
this really cool hat over there but then
it on my size have a small mania but I
need like the large extra-large and a
size for my fat head check this out this
cool awesome I could spend all day in
here really cool there's Jerry Garcia
and his guitar from the Grateful Dead
it's pretty cool that was my electric
guitar sound effect that I just added in
for you guys were you looking at I'm
vlogging here Johnny windmill whose
motorcycle is that that James Dean's
that's a cool car this is where all the
drift trash comes to lit end up hook
there's a little football the Moodle kid
lost his football forget it it's a
disgusting dirty River it's chocolate
it's chocolate
it's chocolate the waterfall is mixing
my chocolate it's actually churning my
chocolate no other Factory in the world
mixes their chocolate by waterfall fish
got name that movie John so this is Lake
Erie Lake is that what it is that's like
Erie and we're here I Rock and Roll Hall
of Fame I'm about to head to North
Carolina I'm not about to get into the
rental car and I'm about to turn this
camera rig oh you're gonna go under the
car because I'm not stopping
you ran me over you camera this building
go bye-bye
they're tearing this building down when
we got here two days ago
this building was totally fine it was
totally up and erect and now it's it's
reduced to a pile of rubble
it must be building something new but
it's been cool I going to watch it over
the last two days they have constant
water spraying on it right there yes to
prevent fires see how I did that I saw
the water and I did a little bit of
racing in my head I thought why would
they have one of their wait a minute
there could be a fire water prevents
fire that's probably why they're
spraying water on it that ease your mind
sometimes that's what I do like to use
it my mind metus long Quicken Loans
Arena where LeBron James used to play
but daddy left or the Cleveland idiots
playing right now right next to is that
Invesco Field what field is this
leveland rocks
there's the Cleveland Indian it's right
there where they play the baseball oh
this is progressive filled sponsored by
progressive insurance we build this
stadium so be sure to use our insurance
cuz we support the Indians go team
okay right now coming ready soon as I
carry this I've always wanted to like
race thirty times by this in a vlog
before but like race an Olympic sprinter
when he's on here that I could be on
there and see my foot
alright let's do it
sweating in two minutes here we go this
is like I've lost track of flight number
12 this entire journey since I've left
Idaho
I miss my own mommy card sent me
pictures last night our house and I made
me really miss it here we go hogs North
Carolina
let's don't touch the outside of the
airplane
Larry
and just like that I'm in a brand new
city Raleigh Durham North Carolina
how you feeling out there yeah we used
to live here when mommy taught night
fairy first got married I sold pest
control and we lived in Morrisville
North Carolina which is like I think a
you know a town just right around here
so we're here at the hotel it just
landed and I'm gonna go grab some food
and get ready to shoot tomorrow I'm
shooting with pretty long and it's gonna
be excited I already talked about that
we talked about it on the day job bill
okay let's go back
