oh say hi say hi now they were just
yelling and screaming at each other but
now princess tart and baby tart are
happy where'd you get that crown puts
his tard what did you ask him what their
name was
you didn't where did you get that Bearer
the Green Bay Packers bear where'd you
get it so we just landed in Madison
Wisconsin and at the airport was pie how
many were there thirty thirty forty
people it was like three hundred it's
like thirty fought there's four to five
thousand and then right around like
seventy thousand people were there well
in the back plus the sides like there's
like a hundred and fifty thousand people
who came to see us at the Madison
Airport anyway there's a group of people
there and they brought us presents and
we tried to pawn rock card off on them
but they wouldn't it and the girls got
put sitar got a crown and they each got
one of these bears Sunday where did you
get oh we got cheese Madison Wisconsin
cheese eat the chocolate already we've
been loitering five minutes and we had
like Bucky the Badger cheese curds or is
there a chance we got oh there's one
piece left
good save it for me Suntory come show us
what you got oh they gave us a ton of
cheese Wisconsin cheese baby the real
stuff those look really good hopefully
they're not poisoned oh God got a hat
check this out what'd you get Packers
hat somebody gave them turn around I
like it better backwards this is the old
Bart Starr logo apparently back in the
day it's like a throwback to the old
Packers Bart Starr which oh we've lost
it there we go back and OH
little little Packers fan for rock hard
rock car do you like it - like your
Packers fender Hey
Oh who's that baby
baby pop Oh what is that crap get the
jackpot everywhere we should go we
should have people ad at the airport
give us treats and prizes anyways um and
then a really cool thing happened I'm
not gonna tell you a really cool thing
happened this guy if you've seen the
iPhone video already you know what I'm
talking about if not if you're not
subscribed to my iPhone channel I got a
little clip of a something crazy
something pretty exciting and
life-changing for two people oh I just
gave it away
leak in my pants go watch that you can
watch that video of us getting into the
airport and then all those people are
and then something cool okay so we just
got to our hotel it's eight o'clock at
night what time is Oh so eight here
oh yeah that's because we were on four
times we actually gained an hour cuz my
computer says 846 what it says 746 here
so tonight 8 o'clock at night we were
stuck in Cleveland for about 4 hours
they had to de-ice the plane it was
crazy we pulled out on the tarmac and
this guy came out and had this this
thing this crane like went up in the air
and it's like this gun they shot all the
snow and stuff off the the plane yeah I
was pretty excited I got some good
footage of us so tomorrow I promise I
will have a long 20 minute vlog up early
for you guys we just been traveling all
day just got here to Madison and I think
we're about to dinner which we do babes
should we do that one under bed hey babe
which one do look that's another
bathroom in there but it's just hey
watch out I'll see my butt All Right
girls come say goodbye to these peoples
we'll see you guys tomorrow
we long you got your wands all right
what's the smell to make them shut up
there's spell for that
oh that's your one I got you found they
got these at Harry Potter Wizarding
World of Harry Potter yesterday they got
there
they're on the wines all right I'm gonna
cast a spell on you guys don't you the
spell that I cast on you I say you will
have thumbs up it√≠s where you'll thumbs
up all the Shaytards maybe times you
can't see your head you trying to cover
the screen by
