four three two one time a baby princess
rock in the Sun yes Papa family are fun
they are
good morning good morning y'all we are
awake we're out and about Shay's busy so
we are just going to play aren't we yeah
we're going to the store to buy some
breakfast
we're going to that look just get a
thing for Brock sword rock go on the
pool and say we're going to pull us out
mami chard holding it yeah and then how
are we gonna do two apart to the park
cause it's actually nice enough outside
we can play at the park in Idaho if we
place the park we're gonna get all wet
and snowy so here we're gonna go find a
nice fun warm Park sun is shining it's
been so long since I've just been able
to sit in the Sun it's still kind of
chilly but there's no wind there's no
snow there's no rain it's just sunshine
sunshine lollipops and rainbows dooty
dooty anyway that's how I feel I could
sing you a musical right now because I'm
so you know Lisa even said there's been
raining for a month straight here in LA
but the Sun came out for me today cuz it
knows I love it I love you son oh hey
son why are you shaking your head at me
am I being a weirdo what do you want to
say to me even though I'm a weirdo you
still love me right he wants us to be
very dedicated so you should tell them
thank you okay
I have to show you nice you bury it
yourself oh that sounds fun okay I have
to tell you guys I'm card there's like a
whole group of little girls over there
playing on the teeter-totter and he came
over anything smoke I guess thank you
some girls sing gun when I said other
moms and dads probably don't want him to
have gun you never know what tips can
and can't have can't have gum so I just
told him to go talk to them and so I
turned around I looked and looked over
at him and he's over there just dancing
on the side while they're all on the
teeter car so let's see if I can catch
him doing it again he's just gonna hover
gonna see if they notice the cool stuff
he's doing he's been so cool I'll just
lean up against this okay if he does it
again
I'll show you he was dancin you know
busted out the moves like he does but
nobody was noticing so he tried
something else
oh no this ankle here we go
oh man we gotta go see what he's doing
hey what are you doing
shaking your booty for who it's for the
ladies
oh my gosh ladies did you talk to him
but it wasn't her oh well son tarde
scoping out the chicks we'll have to
work on that mom's gonna have to put the
smack down
so somebody messes it up it's okay
because it's gonna be in your heart okay
I will awesome you come and find me when
it's done and all syllables okay let's
watch the building in trouble
you would lot lots of fan pack it down
tight let's make a big sand hill
sure yeah hey let's go build a giant
sand hill so that it can be in our heart
even if someone messes it up yeah you
wanna play it applies Johanna play it
I'm hot PCs all those kids it's time to
know are you ready to play yeah okay
there's like what in there I'm walking
on sunshine that's the first she came
over here okyou and now this is camera
shy you can't be camera shy you can get
Shaytards come on baby
are you ready Suns hard let's see it you
got to hold on as long as you can come
on all right
Oh down to chat again okay hold on
you're next you're next baby tarde okay
hold on to it as long as you can and try
to go back and forth oh come on we
clearly need to go to the playground for
I get that song sunshine
I know Wow nice wings are like recliners
I think they have them so that
handicapped children can swing I love
them they're awesome
great idea whoever a minute that brings
the starts getting a little crazy with
it well maybe you shouldn't jump out
anymore yeah because my belly oh my
goodness
I don't know if he likes this or not
sunshine lollipops and rainbows doo doo
doo doo time what do you think I do like
it yeah I just had a flashback of baby
tard this big and the street with a
little beanie hat on that's kind of you
in a video somewhere because she is
about this age Oh
time flies I love you guys thanks for
watching our video hey booger nose baby
tired do you like that swing that's cool
huh you could fall asleep in it it's
like a hammock good night I love how
when you swing down your bacon smell and
then you come up here and they're really
big
ah Keegan's loving it
do you wanna swing gonna swing in our
backyard I think we need one hey boy
like you're crazy you don't talk to me
crazy lady push me Mommy don't look at
them swinging on swings so good to suck
their thumbs
shall I you know why okay the germs are
getting your mouth jumper hey oh it's
not too hard not too hard guy so hard to
do it's ah stop the middle like that
yeah hey hey he could do it forever
he's like philosoraptor baby it's not a
jumper you silly cards just feels
natural doughnuts you know that
rock-hard bog for a second
so entertaining duty another place they
need another place she's watching the
babies ooh baby vision serious oh there
he goes there he goes he's filling it in
the mood
quit encouraging your brother presence
too hard no gonna give himself shaken
baby syndrome
where we at what are we doing give us an
update mom right now
picture Hawaiian burger at Island burger
Eastland butter girl what are you
getting would you get macaroni and
cheese I'm trying to say light tortilla
soup and a Caesar salad one thing I
really like about this restaurant is
they have the calories on every item of
the menu so you just look through the
menu you see the calories this salad is
like 150 and they sleep anyway it's
total I'm having like 475 calories which
compared to Bobby turns Hawaiian burger
how many calories is that 1,500 1,500
in that burger that's a lot of calories
fat so sometimes giving himself a burger
to the face hey what's up dude how many
calories do you have in your macaroni
and cheese there do you know
how many 306 that's pretty good watch
that me like exactly correct
there's 306 calories for silent burger
and maybe charges confirmed me who do
you want to go meet who do you want to
meet before when I was telling the
guitar that we're gonna go meet James
Blunt she's like I don't want to like
she was being nervous but then she just
like she just said to me dad I want to
meet James Blunt I'm like okay well you
will but you just can't be shy okay what
are you doing what are you doing he was
just banging his head on the table do
that I want to sit rocked art bang your
head on the table some more come on it's
good for views baby baby bed on table
first you want to go to college huh need
your head on the table
what does the rock guard yes you do
Freddie daddy Caesar salad good morning
it's a wonderful morning good morning
our kids are not in through the elevator
this is not an elevator this is a jet
way sun card you know that this is
what's called a jet way come here girls
come here hey you said mommy turn yes
ma'am please thank you alright so we're
headed to Florida Orlando Florida
ready touch the outside of the plane
touch it
nice Willie watts good it's got a glass
talking about spray tans are you make
idli spray tan you you do like today is
a girl like in a machine thanks for
flying the plane over here really into
it
I called Pete late last night like broke
we fly the plane and he said I'll bring
my captain's hat
we're here in Orlando at playlist live
in it
Phil it's warmer here it's nice we're
excited
