oh yeah you do seriously hey my name is
Shekhar look at her this jokester so
what are we doing this is a late night
peekaboo
yes he pissed us some people oh okay
we'll tell you we've discussed it and I
guess everyone we just discussed guess
what we're not going to you guys well it
was I booked the trip like that because
I was gonna go to the Shorty Awards but
here's here's what we're here's what
running into there it's 3:00 in the
morning we're supposed to wake up at
5:00 in the morning it's not fun
nobody likes five in the morning five in
the mornings a bad thing three right now
oh it's three right now plus the kids
are gonna be tired and we're gonna be
tired and it's gonna get grumpy it's
gonna be grumpy tired all up in there
and be like suitcase summer grab that
and it is not fun Shaytards it will not
be fun string card so we were there
won't be a vlog because I'll just be
beating my children senselessly all day
and they won't be able to film it um
source tan and our line that we thought
to ourselves hey we're in a giant resort
I will set him I almost was like not
gonna tell where we are someone I don't
want people to know what hotel we are
we're at the Marriott in Orlando um so
we're gonna stay yeah we're gonna stay
here for the two days two days until the
30th and then we're gonna let your
glasses
and then we'll fly to Madison on the
30th would you so we're just gonna stay
here and go swimmin are we go to Harry
Potter oh my gosh peekaboo I can't see
how that so is this I bet you what it
looks like through these classes is what
it looks like for you without because if
if I was like this I would feel so
claustrophobic I can't see anything and
there's people out there like that like
you couldn't if I went across the room
and I held up fingers how blind you are
how can you see how many fingers I have
it was yeah I mean cuz it kind of looks
like a blob to me well that's that's
pretty much anyways when we just talking
about being blind for a minute yeah so
we are thankful so am I still wearing
the system frickin portal we are
thankful for everybody who came to play
this slide if you couldn't we are sorry
but we just had a lot of fun and you
totally missed our oh you're so jealous
there's VidCon we'll be at VidCon and we
just met people I hugged people people
cried and we wept with them and there's
so much hugging and touching and warmth
anyways a lot of hugging and touching
appropriate appropriate I'll get in
touch in pictures were taken smiles were
smiled laughs were haha it was a time
had by haha I love when my laughs ha ha
ha ha you know my favorite part about
this trip is is laughing at jokes I love
laughing at jokes it's like when there's
a joke and you laugh at it
so what a bad and then tomorrow what are
we gonna do what we're gonna pray sleep
in that's first on our agenda we had an
itinerary it would be first thing sleep
in and then I go to the pool you know I
have to do a lot of tough things you
know sit by the pool and enjoy the Sun
and then I really go to Harry Potter
land tomorrow either okay we're gonna
win the kids wake up this could be
exciting we're just talking about how
this is like a life changing how long is
this video five minutes now this is like
a life-changing thing cuz the kids think
we're going to New York tomorrow and
we're discussing if we thought that they
were mad they like we're like hey I
think the way we say it is really hey
guys guess what
or staying at the pool for two more days
cuz they love this pool because I think
they're excited to go to New York but I
think and then we go and guess what else
yes not only this is there two more days
of pool time we're gonna go to any place
one you pick one place I'm talking to
them right now what is here there's um
there's adventures there's Harry Potter
there's Disney World so we're gonna like
look up all those crises in light anyway
let him pick when I came which one you
guys want to go to go baby
and then I'll head but one of them and
I'll probably punch one right in the
ribs broken you know how I like to do
and then and then about the rib shots
Shay can you tone down the road shuts oh
and I have 25 foot for 25 minutes I'm
Carly filmed the whole talk so I'm 25
minutes off the footage at which I will
put up tomorrow will be great because
now instead of being on a plane all day
just yes I just figured out the selling
point instead of being on a plane all
day and get to New York and being tired
and not being able get up a vlog
tomorrow I'll be able to wake up edit
all this footage at mounds of it if you
ever saw foot inches this mound is there
are so many mounds of footage available
I'm thinkin right what if I just did a
like you know 60
peekaboo in a 60-minute Shaytards log or
should I sit it up 16 in antique forever
to upload because I have so much footage
we're gonna pray about it we'll get back
to you okay so we'll see you tomorrow
we're staying here in Orlando and now I
bet you the comments bug and then shade
mommy tornado oh oh thank you alright
see you guys tomorrow
we'll be here tomorrow we'll be here
same time same place stop you're gonna
spread rumors we're not having another
baby
