centaur can you respect that's luggage
you say word G I respective luggage I
can see that you're clearly vlogging is
so awesome
he's the awesomest awesomer in the
awesome clan oh here we are in the hotel
in the Haute oh look at looking old
Carly style on her cell phone
what are you doing on Carly's style oh
wait come on you guys wake him up hey
we're vlogging here
son hard to keep jump on here please and
give her an elbow drop you ever know
elbow drop for the ages give it to her
slender elbow drop you best not
recognize for dessert are you aware of
the violence that's going on on the
south end of the bed you don't care
obviously yeah bad there's the rock and
roll yo tard thurzo boo boo I was on my
bad boy
he's like I'm pissed he is he's in a bad
mood
pardon rocked our he is in a bad mood oh
where we are mami tarde we're at
playlist live in Orlando Florida looking
great yeah that's the blue shirt I've
ever seen you wear in my entire shirt
wearing watching your body move in the
teacher existence was that I got to
personal that means I love you okay
square play this live oh hey I just
dropped my macbook pro oh pardon me
Rock chart he's a little whiny alright
so here we are
oh there's there's part of our patio so
here we are at the Marriott in Orlando
Florida at playlist live a lot of you
already it's been a lot of fun exciting
I think I'll excited and we're gonna go
to the O the thing turned off anyways
we're going to meet with everybody right
our give us an outro wait get rocked
hard in there give us a parking garage
ensemble oh hey the cribs here we have
to get cribs here crypts that's for you
where are you at that's for you dude
we've got a beer for you he's a little
stressed it's like we're not know I know
I'm stressed out all right we're
playlist live love you guys stop but
