does for the school family and just
because it's kids on me
Jr the newest item three
let's get this morning started right Oh
let's get this money started quickly
right where are we going going here I
had cuts bro what up bro up top dawg
let's go get our hair dude word you
ready son fool suck let's go yeah Tom
what you want say please when you ask
for a fauxhawk what have I taught you
young man
through my windows yeah she just said I
watch you and I said where and she spies
at me what do you call a girl that's
what I don't know like a joke plan or
something a peeping Polly how's it going
dog huh how's the fauxhawk is it coming
in nice looks great you do we get our
hair cut look your friend's name sure hi
Eric in Ohio it's your name
we're here with Amy and what's her name
at least in Omaha I'm gonna go I'm
seeing her in LA in two days I'm going
one guy oh yeah I'm going in with me I
Lisa Nova what do you think do you like
it scoot over here the Lighting's bed do
you like it
turn around for me handsome oh by the 7
year old girl I want to go out with you
in a second
mami tarde do you like centaurs new
haircut do you think he looks handsome
yeah okay girls what do you think you
like your brother's haircut clicks buff
oh he's threatening me now what are you
doing this
sundered what are you doing remember
this you don't remember it go to bed
you remember it at all you're asleep you
know that's what you do sometimes like
when you're asleep on the couch and we
wake you up
you're like a zombie and you're you look
like you're awake but you're really
asleep isn't that funny
and sometimes we tease you we make you
picks up off the ground does that make
you mad yeah that's funny huh you're a
heavy sleeper yeah do you remember this
at all I've never told you guys I was
just editing for today or tomorrow's
vlog whatever it is and son herds like
do I do that when I'm sleepwalking like
yep you're a sleepwalker that crazy cuz
you're a heavy sleeper you're like
zonked out anyways I thought I would
show them the footage hahahaha you ready
to go we're about to leave Salt Lake
here we go alright we're having a
generation gap dispute son tart today
said dad can I get a hat like yours
I was like yeah a little boy was feel
like let's shoot let's go to the mall on
our way out of town we'll get you a hat
so we went in and he picked out this hat
and I was like are you sure you like
that one what about this one and I
picked him out one that like I liked
that I would wear and he's like yeah I
like it I like do want this one or the
one you picked out he's like the one I
picked out I'm like all right don't let
me change your mind I'm just your dad
that's all I just love you I want you to
be like me
now it feels bad so let's show him your
hat dude this is the hat Center picked
out and I want to bend the brim cuz I am
not into the flat bill that's a guess
that's the cool right and so son card
has been bending it flat let's see it
didn't show it off for us give us some
moves your new hat on what do you got
sucka what he got sucka
Oh taking it to the ground you need to
work on that you work on your ground the
jackets in the way just give us some
dance moves dude you know always got to
go to the ground just give us some sweet
dance moves it's taking his jacket off
it's about to get serious didn't did it
it didn't did when we're won't one wrong
rad step I think I always good that's
that's like my go-to song whenever I see
for such hard dance anyway so that's the
Hat II picked out and it's not the one I
would have picked obviously but it looks
good for him Thanks where's your
sister's up let's go see your sisters
we're not in there think oh now there
they are there they are right in Harley
Davidsons hey baby
tart hey what do you think you're doing
you have a license for that name you're
playing okay you think you're doing okay
let's see bean time in there alright
climb up in there
she's not gonna fit so just are gonna
let your little sister she's smaller
baby tart see if you can get in there
see if baby tire can fit in there climb
up there and go get a toy I've always
wanted to be on the news for having my
kids stuck in one of these toy things
gonna fit
oh you guys were worthless you can't
even climb in a toy thing
princes hearts determined don't get
stuck
can you get in there here we go
this petrol this gasoline this unleaded
85 octane fuel is what's taking us on
the first leg of a six state journey
with four kids this is quite the
undertaking when you put it that way
are you stressed we're gonna be an Idaho
Utah California Florida New York and
with cants and what you have a question
in the back okay here we go again where
are we going
well it's cuz you're dumb daddy take
phrases are you know I'm joking because
you're talking to mommy tard now I can't
remember we're gonna ask where we're
going we ask what we're doing well if
you think about it
come back to me yeah this is quite the
journey we have how many suitcases do we
have five four we have two three with
three big ones two small ones anyways
it's gonna be crazy and just I don't
know wearing Wisconsin a lot of you
asking we're in Wisconsin we're gonna be
I don't know exactly yet but I'll let
you know and then after that I'm going
to North Carolina these guys are flying
home from Wisconsin and then I have to
go to North Carolina to film some other
stuff so I'm like not gonna be home for
like three weeks
but we'll be I mean I'll be I mean after
you leave Wisconsin I'll be home in like
two or three days after that so we won't
be apart for too long maybe like two
days anyways Rock card are you excited
are you excited for this journey dude
you're like the most traveled baby in
the world this is like his sick airplane
flight he's been on more airplanes and
you guys have can you believe it I'm not
gonna it's good bro yeah you guys have
spring break that's why the kids are in
spring break so that's why you know
they're missing they're gonna miss a
couple days they're missed like three
days of school but this whole week
they're in Spring Break so they're good
I did excited to go busted you Scott
busted dude yeah you got busted sucking
your thumb so I caught her sucking her
thumb
all right baby - are you excited excited
for this trip what are you gonna swear
okay all right here we go first leg in a
journey Pentastar do you remember what
you're gonna say no all right no we'll
think of it later
hey what was me
let go of me that's he likes it
surprise is he seeing that one
Kayle Kayle casey's his wife's going to
bond bond what's his name
shawn kalei are you naked are you going
to Jon Bon Jovi tonight I decided never
my line
so we're picking up Casey and the kids
are gonna come with us in Salt Lake
tonight and go swimmin and Kaylie's
going to Jon Bon Jovi concert are you so
jealous so so gel so jelly gel jealous
are you jealous
Jana fence and so that wasn't invited
hey gage er where are we going hey where
are we going - where
so oh no we're going to hotel in Salt
Lake excited we're gonna go swimming go
swim in a hotel yeah we traded in a Sun
tart and a print to start for a gage
tart and him and baby tired are pretty
good friends he's a lot quieter yeah
he's a lot easier I think it's a pretty
good trade well that's crap because
that's my job
Buffalo News reporter Fred Williams
spent three months working undercover as
a collector they trained him to do
illegal things yes yeah the top illegals
that's why you stay out of dead included
electors for riffing there they do give
Tim collectors for Rascal watch using
obscene language to Africa so and making
threats they can't carry out a warrant
for your arrest er is even accused of
setting up this fake courtroom to trick
people into paying clearly we need more
enforcement because these are
long-standing abuses them anyways Dave
Ramsey talks about this all the time no
mute blood collection industry yeah um
Abraham's he talks about this all the
time about how and this happened to us
didn't honey like people like debt
collectors will call I try to make you
feel bad about yourself like like what
kind of dave ramsey tells a story about
a debt collector calling his wife and
saying why would you marry a kind of a
man who couldn't pay his bills like they
do they try to make you feel like crap
so first of all listen you need to pay
your debts
it's not fair though the debt collectors
treat people like that and they lie they
try to make you scared like they yeah
that's a okay if you can't don't go into
debt at all then you have to deal with
this but if you do get calls from debt
collectors and they give you crap like
that you don't have to put up with that
they have no right to send you to jail
or threaten you and if you guys are
getting calls like that you tell them
the shaycarl so that that you that they
can kiss my ass you
we will pay when you're good and ready
to pay all worked up now bum sorry I
just saw that I was like oh oh dad I
hate you I hate you debt I hate you
credit cards Visa MasterCard American
Express you can all die
I guess guess we're gonna be doing any
yeah debit cards I have a Visa debit
card and that I like it but I guess
we're uh can we do any credit card
sponsored videos send you any types all
right we're in our hotel rock cards
crawling around like a naked baby in a
hotel room hey what are you doing you
having fun naked boy why are you naked
get some clothes on chubba hey Ron ABC
no ordinary families about to start
we're getting pretty excited for you
excited okay bye you guys ready
daddy's about to be on TV
who's ready to see daddy on TV
ready
uncle Casey's ready ready all right so
here in the room or watching no ordinary
family and it's hard to kind of watch it
because the kids are screaming but I
think you've been my parts come out
wasn't nervous what if it's not good are
you guys gonna leave don't be
disappointed
you're gonna go swimmin if you don't
like my part that sounds like a good
idea
Rock party rider your dad's gonna be on
TV yeah you're excited I mean service
that's that's it whoo here comes
you guys are not on the list come on
it's a video shoot something is not
upwards of 200 people in the crowd must
name change the definition of not less
than yeah that's my child
police which I've
we have tried everything
come on a bit before year recession
remember grad school is never wrong
there's more
so what do you say
excuse me look I told ya now bring out
on the list but what you didn't realize
that we're with Sara's label and you
need to escort us to the front row right
sorry let me get you some laminate
follow me to the front row George so
yeah and that's my TV yeah what do I
think is that cool
no that's it that's all I was all right
let's go swimming at the hook now what
do the important stop let's go swimming
to
Oh
one two
Hey
so more here
Oh
Oh
rock rock garden hey
hey Rach hey Rach guard hey first
through the water
yes
