are you done Russian son tired
pick that shirt up off the ground we
pick that up real quick pick that shirt
up off the ground for me son dad what
are you doing
you only go to bed son time to sleep
we've never told you guys this before
son Eric come here you don't go to bed
heavily son tired as a sleepwalker and
he could be like totally asleep right
now
are you asleep or awake are you awake or
asleep right now what are you doing with
that listen go to bed all right go to
bed come on let's make sure he gets into
his belly Shrek darts asleep go in there
there all right good night mommy
blankets dude okay so here's the deal
with son tard if we um if we put him if
he falls asleep on the couch or anywhere
like when we're driving home somewhere
he falls asleep and we wake him up he is
asleep but he'll get up and I'll try to
get right a hit up to cuddle its bed and
he'll just be like walking around and
he'll like sit down in a chair like no
sorry
get up we gotta go to bed and he'll get
up and then I'll just go
something up and like handed to me so
it's kind of mean but sometimes we screw
with them like thunder will you pick
that up off the ground and there'll be
nothing on the ground and he'll bend
down and imaginarily he'll I'll be like
and I like try to hand it to him
anything in his hands we don't always do
it because that's kind of mean but
sometimes we do and it cracks up but he
doesn't know cuz he's asleep he
literally is asleep but he's walking
around
alright ladies what are you doing at
that time what time is it right now it's
1113 at night what are we doing tomorrow
you narc baby tired you know we're doing
tomorrow where are we going
remember where we going tomorrow
you know remember she's asleep too by
the way
princess heart is the only one awake you
want to do a helicopter baby tarde I'm
gonna do a helicopter okay come here
so yeah princess sorry hold this so
let's just sit let's explain really
quick what's going on baby card let's
look at the camera let's vlog together
for a second okay so uh hi my name is
Shay Carl I do daily vlogs on YouTube
and I didn't film anything today
you know why let's let me just show them
real quick let's look over here what
we've been doing most of the day Oh baby
we are packing to go on a 10-day trips I
think this is the kids suitcase this is
me and mommy tard suitcase you get this
own suitcase what it'd be like a
clotheshorse or something we're gonna
put rock cards stuff in there you want
to see some of these shirts now who
cares about that that's the only dumb
girls care about stuff like that
Oh cute oh so what shirt honey
that's what she did tonight she came up
 look at these cute outfits I got
for all charters like alright great
that's sweet alright anyways so all day
we've been packing we've been getting
ready because we're gonna be gone for
ten days two weeks well we'll see what
happens
maybe two weeks how do you know what do
you know about our travel itinerary let
me take two weeks so we have to pack a
lot of clothes huh to pack a lot of
that's so many clothes whatever anyways
so that's what we've been doing all day
is packing and getting ready and
figuring out where malachite is gonna go
and last minute we decided that Carly's
gonna come with us to playlist live
because we need help with these kids so
I'm kind of worried about being
bum-rushed but like hundreds of people
and our kids getting lost or something
and if you guys are coming to playlist
live
please don't kidnap our kids and don't
don't don't do things that they don't
say like can I hold baby Tariq don't say
stuff like that because I'm gonna say no
because listen I love you but I don't
know who you are I don't know you and I
don't want you to hold my kids you can
talk to them and I don't know what the
situation is gonna be I don't know I
don't know I just don't want to lose any
of these kids except for this one right
now so we've been we've been figuring
all that stuff out what what are you
doing where are they gonna get lost
exactly
stay by camera so I've been telling the
kids I said kids now listen when we go
to playlist live we're gonna be at this
hotel and there's gonna be hundreds of
people who know who you are
and just because they know who you are
doesn't mean you should like go with
them anywhere like it's not like we're
gonna like okay kids go swimming at the
pool be back by 3:00 you know I'll
always be there but anyway so Carly is
coming with us
to Orlando and she's gonna help with the
kids and stuff like yes so um anything
else Oh PS by the way no ordinary family
I forgot yesterday and my one take
little Sunday vlog I was gonna tell you
that that was the one thing I kept
saying I can't I forgotten something I
feel like there's something I've
forgotten
she said it's the most important thing
no ordinary family my episode finally
we've been talking about this for months
now is on tomorrow which is today right
now because I'm not uploading this until
tomorrow cuz we're filming tonight at 11
o'clock at night so if you guys want to
see me now don't it's like it's like oh
I want to show you guys something don't
think I have like this major part I'm
gonna be on TV for like 20 seconds okay
so be like don't be disappointed when
you're like sure you weren't in the
thing the whole time I have like one
line okay I want to show you guys
something honey come on this camera I'm
doing a one takern I gotta go hear this
okay you guys my most secret I wear in
my closet we're in our closet right now
I was logged from her closet PS by the
way I saw this the other day and I was
like I think I need to get her like a
jewelry thing oh your necklaces are
hanging right
so I confess this to the people at no
ordinary family but I haven't told
anybody else and I hate stop touching
that but I stole yes I stole from ABC
this is the shirt that I wear on the
episode tomorrow I'm a security guard
for the Sara Bareilles concert and yes I
did get to meet Sara Bareilles she was
there she was really cool but I play in
the in the show I play a security guard
princess heart I will cut your hands off
both of them and I'll send them to
whoever wants your hands
I just watched I'm limitless the other
night and that was part of it as some
dudes cut off his security guards hands
and sent it to him
that's a great it's a great movie it's a
great whites told this when I was
leaving after I was done filming in LA
and they sent me to my trailer I said
okay you're all done you're wrapped
shaycarl thank you for coming and they
said hey go to your trailer or you know
they said you can go change in there I
had my own little trailer so I went in
there and this is the shirt they got me
they gave me when I got there so I was I
was packing up let's get all my stuff
and I like hung this shirt up you know
in the trailers like alright well I'm
leaving and then I was like wait a
minute
wouldn't it be cool to have that shirt
like the shirt that I wore the very
first time I was on TV either you know
the first time and only time I will ever
be on TV it would be cool in 20 years
from now be like dibs
day I was on ABC that's American
Broadcasting Channel I think I don't
think more but I thought it would be
cool to have the shirt that I wore on TV
so I stole it
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna wear it
tomorrow when we watch it and we're
actually leaving tomorrow to drive to
Salt Lake because then we're flying out
on our trip the next morning what oh no
listen yes princess start listen I did
steal this but then I told the people
when I was in San Francisco and I was
doing audio I was doing the the ADR I
admitted to them I told them that I took
it and they said AHA that's awesome they
thought it was cool so it's cool but
don't steal okay
oh yeah pretty sorry what do you wanna
be when you grow up nothing now she's
gonna just live off the land she's gonna
be an Indian here gonna be an Indian
you're gonna skin beaver pelts and build
fires and run around naked and eat mud
don't do that doing something what are
you talking about okay you wanna do one
helicopter okay one helicopter start so
you guys tomorrow night or tonight
Tuesday the 22nd ABC no ordinary family
don't blink or you'll miss me it's just
a really small part here ready babies
are okay we're doing helicopters you
want to do one all right here we go in
three two sorry guys for the one taker
we've been super busy all day trying to
get ready for the big trip but this is
gonna be fun I think the vlogs would be
really cool I'm still gonna do the vlogs
everyday you know bear with us because
we're gonna be super busy but I'm
vlogs of every single day on this huge
trip this is the biggest trip we've ever
been on as a family ever are you excited
I'm nervous excited and all of those
things okay let's get the packing let's
start what are you doing he's looking at
your clothes alright let's go to bed
baby hard come on you ready go to bed
come on sleepyhead let's go just start
you can stay up and help us pack baby
charge of sleepy
alright see you guys tomorrow bye
