you are not watching the Shaytards
just sit back relax follow along
we fought for two years inside
25 25 lbs is no big dilly yo what what
were g-funk to your mother in the
hizz-ouse the chicken scratch it what
does that mean I don't know 25 pounds is
the amount of weight that I've lost
weight weight I weighed myself today I
weigh 255 255 pounds coming out of
northeastern I know it's a girl my boxer
now apparently that dude had a beer in
his truck I saw that he didn't think
anybody saw and he pulled up to take a
drink out of the beer out of his truck
should I go report him
it's an old dude maybe it was a
sarsaparilla I don't wanna be jumping to
conclusions but I saw a brown bottle and
he pulled it up above the window and I
swear it was a beer well I just thought
drunk driving happen it could have been
a root beer it could have been at what
Henry wine hurts root beer you never
know I'm gonna pull up here and see if
he comes up here any goozle snoozles so
I'm down 25 pounds and I'm feeling great
and I'm actually like not dying where I
usually get into this where I'm like I
need a cheeseburger and don't get me
wrong I would eat one and think it was
delicious
but I've gone long enough now where I'm
kind of getting used to the clean foods
the fruits and vegetables yesterday I
came to Fred Meyer and they had this
really good cucumber slash tomato salad
with like these blue cheese crumbles in
it and it was super delicious so I'm
gonna go get it again so I literally
left the house just to come to Fred
Meyer to go to their little deli section
to get the tomato cucumber I'll show you
what it looks like it's pretty dang good
and it's delicious and it's healthy so
let's go get it and I've also been
actively participating in the worst spot
in the lot campaign well no no loitering
I love to loiter it's Obama Obama and
all these new laws all these no new
loitering laws I hate when I can't lead
her loiter reads like one of my favorite
pastimes check it out back at the
freaking parking lot were spot in the
lot all about the little decisions in
life making the little decisions to walk
farther to the store
and yeah it really does you know just
increase the physical activity you do
every day and it's gonna help and I have
every time I come in and I'll see like a
really close spot open up yeah wait a
minute no walk to the back of the park
at the back of the law that's where you
need to go that's where you're gonna
find the most health benefits they call
it Greek tomato and you can see it's
tomato and onion and cucumbers and some
olives and there's my blue cheese
crumbles in there it's super delicious
whoo I'm just doing this celery crunch
salad celery crunch sound let me try it
maybe I'll try a quarter pound of that
baby and then what I do is I get a
little bit of soup over here they have
soup and then I get two of those little
salads and it's really good lunch and
it's delicious and nutritious nutritious
and we're gonna get some this butternut
squash bisque mmm that smells really
good shea butter in calories in it
that's not healthy Bryan listen shut
your freakin mouth first of all second
of all stop sticking your tongue out at
me listen you can't get freaking oh I
mean there's some people literally
unless you only eat celery they're like
well that has their fan ass that has
that's in it shut your mouth don't freak
out that's the first thing that's gonna
cause you to stop trying to eat healthy
and you know lose weight and do the
right things if you're like it
overzealous we're like constantly
worrying about every single little thing
you're gonna get burned out immediately
so just do like I said always think this
just do better than I was doing what was
I doing this is way better than that so
you lose weight I'm sorry I didn't mean
to tell you to shut up that wasn't very
nice of me just forgive me please
friends it's hard what are you doing
I don't think you should try to go down
the stairs in those even though they're
really cool-looking those aren't gonna
work for sure whoa whoa whoa seriously
take them off walk down the stairs then
you can put them back on
how you doing those are bigger than you
are
yeah yes they are so what are you gonna
do out here your friend Claire oh well I
bet she really likes those boots have a
good time be home by 4:00 your feet are
fat Wow
faceplant guys I have super super bad
news I just found out the baby tart has
an addiction and a problem should I tell
him
should I tell him are you gonna tell him
or you want me to huh
I'm telling him I can't hide it any
longer baby tard started dealing cocaine
it's all over the place she tries to
hide in these simulate bottles what are
you doing Oh
she's scooping up powder you put in
little baggies put in your pocket
getting a wad of cash and going out on
the streets is that what you're doing
yeah I knew it I figured you even have
it in your hair huh
you're wasting some of the product never
use that's the drug dealers motto all
right now you know outside how about you
clean up the snow in here before you go
play in the snow out there well that's a
good rule of thumb always snort the snow
in here before you go snort this is know
of Oh Oh parents watch this for your
kids I hope you join the drug references
do you member face singing remember
facing him if you're happy and you know
it do some facing there you do it to me
you say that's right I hear you there
all right I'm gonna go play in the snow
yeah kids we are in the most wonderful
room in my sister's house Sadie and if
you don't know what she does I'll show
you right now oh she makes beautiful
things these are all necklaces that
she's made with very nice beads and look
at look at just look at this studio yes
it is I just want to play all day look
at all the colors so I'm going to okay
we're ready to go to the beach are you
guys ready to come with us I've never
been able to wear a Sun Hat I don't know
what it is do you guys wear Sun hats
really yes every day every day to work
this is what we do in Idaho when we miss
the Sun so much we buy Sun hats because
then if we wear a Sun Hat the Sun will
come out right it's kind of like a rain
dance
yes Oh jinkx it's like a rain going out
with sisters is we say the same thing
all the time but at the exact same time
have we done that a lot lately
we always do and when we laugh it sounds
exactly the same
we sound exactly the sea yeah yeah we
just found Rock charts favorite toy you
can hang the necklaces here not the
jewelry part of it oh the mirror part of
it look at that thing ever but with kids
it will never be clean it's done suck
dead so some of you know I'm not like a
huge sports fan but I definitely get
into sports you know when it gets down
and dirty when it gets this serious I've
always pretty much since I was like a
third grader been a Utah Jazz basketball
fan I remember when we very first moved
to Idaho we moved from Phoenix Arizona
and we stayed in my aunt or my grandma's
house I think for a couple months before
we moved to I know because my dad just
got a job here so we stayed at my
grandma's house in Utah and I remember
my uncle saying you're gonna be with us
at the Jazz game tonight and I was like
who are the Jazz what's the Jazz he's
like you got a root for the Jazz so ever
since I was like a fourth grader my
uncle is telling me about Utah Jazz I've
always been a huge Utah Jazz basketball
fan so growing up I was always a huge
John Stockton Karl Malone fan because
they live you know the the basketball
games were like two hours from here so
every once in a while we drive down we'd
go to a Utah Jazz basketball game so
whenever me and my little brother were
playing basketball growing up and be
like I'm John Stockton
okay I'm Karl Malone and we'd pretend to
be them as we're playing and then of
course here be like three two one shoots
the three Stockton wins jammy-jam so
right now today I'm watching the BYU
Gonzaga NCAA March Madness basketball
game it's the college basketball and
John Stockton who's since retired from
the Utah Jazz is at the game and his son
is playing for Gonzaga there's John
Stockton right there he is like he is
the league in the NBA he has more
assists and more steals in all of the
NBA that anybody who's ever played the
game quite literally and arguably one of
the best point guards to ever play
basketball he has two of the all-time
leading records for steals an assists
and his son plays on Gonzaga well I'm
rooting for BYU
but I'm a huge Stockton fan so it's kind
of cool to see his son out their plan
and Jimmer Fredette who's this amazing
kid out of knee or
who can freakin shoot the ball from 500
yards away almost I mean he misses
obviously but he's just an amazing kid
so that's what I'm doing right now and
John Stockton just kept on the tv9
College said I'm like John haven't seen
him forever and he's there watching his
son against the opposing team cuz I'm
rooting for the BYU Cougars there yes
look at that face
that's scowl he might literally play
with that same scowl on his face every
time I ever saw he was just like all
right we have been shopping and shopping
and I restored your turn I don't want to
say was that awful hey that's your story
okay one time there's a family there's a
dad and two brothers there was one
little baby what was his name this is a
good story
okay excuse me sir everybody in the
world it was the story tired
let's hear M night Shyamalan come tell
us your story a puppy named Crawshaw
rock guards terrified the flashlight
Liam tell his story baby you ate a flash
hold the flashlight and tell your story
baby who is crazy and it was crazy the
end it is rocket
