do-do-do-do-do my centered this is this
is hard filming yourself that's why I
need a sitar II some of you know what
I'm talking about
hey what's going on shake Arnold hair
and by golly if it isn't one take Sunday
it is actually in in fact wala t in
actuality it is one tech sunny what's
one take Sunday Shea well it's wet I
take one take
what's one take what's what I don't end
it that way I have a little bit of time
in my life because editing and uploading
the whole process usually takes me four
to five hours a day
hi I'm talking to you guys like we've
never met before
let's let's hug come here so it's Sunday
today and mommy tarde and the 14 us they
are I kicked him out that's right I'm a
single man now jock yeah jump jock it
they took Candace and Lexie - mommy
tards parents house because they're
gonna take him to the airport tomorrow
cuz they're flying home they were here
with us for a week hanging out and it
was good to see him because we haven't
seen them for a long time like mommy
told you guys the other day she has 11
brothers and sisters it's a mixed family
mami tarde originally had five and then
her stepmom had six and they mixed him
together it was like the Brady Bunch
but no anywho CIL's lots coming up I
stayed home today because I have a lot
to do we are all of us tarts the entire
family except Malachi he's his lamb
downstairs he was uh he was he's so cute
whenever I walk on the treadmill I watch
six miles by the way PS by the way today
and whenever I'm on the treadmill he'll
come and he'll lay on the mattress right
by me and I'm like it's sweet you're so
cute so oh okay so um tomorrow Monday
Monday tomorrow or I'm a super super
super busy because we're packing because
all of us are leaving on this huge trip
where we're gonna be in like four
different states and we're gonna be
filming a bunch of different stuff we
might be gone for like two weeks I don't
know exactly I don't know what's gonna
happen
the end of this trip I just know that on
Tuesday we're driving down the Salt Lake
we're gonna get on an airplane we're
gonna fly to LA on Wednesday and then
Wednesday we're in hang out in LA and
then I think it's Thursday
so you have to check the itinerary for
sure but Wednesday or Thursday we are
all flying all the Shaytards and like
Kassem G and lisanova and I'm not sure
all everybody who's coming
I think Timothy DeLaGhetto traffic we're
all people from the station maker
studios we're all flying on this it's
gonna be exciting we're all on the exact
same flight from LA to Orlando so it's
gonna be a crazy it's gonna be a crazy
flight and I'm sure there'll be plenty
of footage of that but then it's like
we're all getting on the same airplane
the will of DC I think it's gonna be
there I don't know everybody who's gonna
be on it because I'm kind of out of
Luke's I'm here in Idaho and they're in
LA so but all the kids mommy tired and
you know all the kids are gonna be there
and we're all flying to Orlando Florida
where we those skaters I wasn't talking
I'm talking about the BYU game if you
guys are watching the NCAA March Madness
that's who be wise you be what yous
going up next is the Florida Gators so
we're all flying to Orlando for playlist
live I don't know if it's sold out it
might be sold out I saw a tweet from
playlist live saying they had 70 70
tickets left and the whole thing was
gonna be sold out but I'll put a link
below for if you have any questions
about playlist live but yeah if you
haven't heard of it yet wait you been
playin ear lobes out so yeah we're all
gonna be there in Orlando Florida for
like two days and then the Shaytards
we're flying up to New York because
that's where the people that I'm working
with on this big GE deal that I was just
in Austin in San Francisco are located
there the team from Howcast and we're
gonna be in New York for a few days
probably like three days and we have to
film a few things and we're gonna go see
the sights of the city with the kids
it's gonna be I'm kind of a little
nervous about it because it's gonna be
quite the endeavor with all the kids
it's getting hot they're open in the
window see what I just stood there
I brought the temperature down because I
have an abnormally high core temp it
hustles uh so then from New York were
all flying to
concerned and we're filming something
there I can't I don't know if we can
tell you whatever it's this cool green
technology I'll just tell you this
that turns cow manure that's right poop
from cows Moo into energy can you
imagine that literally the cow pies in
your pasture cuz I know you all have
pastures in the back your dad has like
eight hundred head of cattle that that
poo that the cows make with the methane
gas they have a machine that turns that
into energy and lights the factories at
the farms and like half the town and
it's really exciting so we're gonna go
film there make a video there and the
whole family's gonna be there and I
always say too much I don't know what
I'll say anyway so um yeah we're gonna
be all over the place and we're taking
the kids so this is gonna make a lot of
flights with the kids we have to pack a
lot of clothes because our kids like to
wear clothes I don't know what their
problem is anyways and then more news
we're going to film with mr. James Blunt
we're coming back to New York I'm not
sure the exact dates I believe he has a
concert in New York April 15th as some
of you most of you know if you don't
know this my daughter baby tart is on
the cover this is the city of James
Blunt's new album some kind of trouble
be sure to check it out on iTunes that
DOM and we're gonna go actually meet
James Blunt they beat our design ask me
a great moment right baby tired the CD
the you guys have sent me like thousands
of poster pictures from around the world
you I love when you guys send me
pictures when you see the CD and Target
or Walmart or wherever you see it it's
exciting for us so they're gonna finally
meet that'll be an exciting time when
big charges but maybe they'll box
they'll be like a abroad I don't know
what'll happen she'll probably just be
shy and will be like come on baby time
don't be shy just be like
I hope she's hyper I've already my mind
I thought we should like give her a
bunch of sugar so she won't be like and
get her like in a really hyper mood so
she won't be shy because if she gets in
the right mood she can really like you
know be crazy as yes okay okay so that's
what we're up to
we got a lot of stuff coming up I'm
trying to think oh I've been watching
I've been checking out your guyses I'm
shirt submissions on Facebook and I
think what I'm gonna do because I just I
haven't seen one that I like more than
any of the other ones the only one that
I can think of that I like more than any
of the other ones is the original
Shaytards intro where it has me vomiting
or rainbow and it says hey I'm vlogging
here I want I think I like that I think
we definitely did get that on a shirt
but I want to I definitely want that
scene if life's worth living then it's
worth recording and you guys you guys
have some great ideas so whatever thing
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go through
there and pick Tim and try to pick ten
and put on like a pole so that you guys
can vote on which one you like the best
we'll figure it out all right so that's
one take Sunday is there anything else I
need to talk about I was gonna make a
list it's gonna make a list um I'm still
on shayloss dudes I am I am motivated
this time I was gonna make a shayloss
video but um I haven't yet but I am gung
ho listen my my guess I guess I think my
goal okay when the number in my head is
200 pounds and I know without a fact I'm
gonna get there and it's only a matter
of time you know I'm down to 255 so
that's 25 pounds lower OBS as I talked
about it in tomorrow's video what Shay
how do you know what's in tomorrow's
video oh well I have the footage and
then edit it tonight it's like 20 minute
or you guys like 20 minute or so minutes
okay so that's all it takes Sunday and
now I have to do some things in the
office and get ready for this big trip
where we're gonna be flying our kids
around the United States of America and
hopefully we'll see some of you along
the way so if you don't follow me on
Twitter that's the best place to know
when and where we're gonna be in certain
spots so follow me on Twitter Lincoln
pants love you guys I'll see you soon
ready I'm gonna throw this pan ready at
your eyeball don't blink try not to
blink ready look right at the screen
ready
if you don't blink you're a stud ready
oh I missed that shot right over your
head okay look
