you are not watching the Shaytards vlog
just sit back relax follow along
because it's
we fought for two years
let's go son too hard
this is one of those moments where my
life is going full circle because I to
say when I was centaurs age I was like
did you get there he goes but little
food that's hard the job dude good job
all right we just got done with Sun
tardes program now we're headed to the
bank they do a few errands I'm here with
my co-captain Lexi and princes Todd I'm
the captain your co-captain I'm the
captain no I'm their assistant to the
co-captain your captain up the captain
no I got did not you I'm master
commander your captain and an ear
co-captain you aren't oh you got demoted
from Captain to co-captain she's the
navigator you're gonna be the navigator
that means you tell us where we're going
if we're on the right course or not you
have to look at maps big fear left here
in three nautical miles can you do that
sir headed to the bank this is Lexi
they're staying with us for a week how
long it's been here now I like couple
days three days they're from where you
from Lexi Lou tell us where you from
what are you here in town for Arizona
what part of Arizona Chandler Chandler
Arizona and they're staying with us for
a week you know you have a lot of fans
right you know the video yesterday when
whenever all the kids got the rocks and
you didn't everybody thinks oh you're
pastor you pest they gave you some no
didn't they did they give you some of
the rocks how many did you get you get
some rocks I got four rocks three others
ones get her for each baby tired me give
you one
we need to renegotiate the rock
situation we'll get you some more don't
worry before you leave here you're gonna
be Chuck Clorox we go in her backyard we
got a ton of rocks you got some of those
genuine Idaho rocks take home with you
sure Chandler
everybody that was that was pissed that
Lexie didn't get anything yesterday
we're gonna hook her up we got you a
shirt tell them about the st. Patrick's
Day shirt we got yeah Lucky Charms luck
of the Irish pretty started maybe you
should give her some of your toys you
have too many of them you want to give
her some of your toys don't remember to
give her toys I'll remind you don't
worry I want a treat all right how about
an elbow to the face here you go oh are
the numbers red yes okay keep it on my
face right here this is the action shot
this mark where this is the money shot
right here this is where all the comedy
happens I like to call this the comedy
zone right in these four walls the
comedy that's where the hilariousness
occurs or you could call it bread and
butter the bread and butter are our this
is my bread and butter baby that's a
good one it's my bread and butter this
will pay the bills right here so pays
the bills I just came up with a new
shirt idea and I posted it on my
facebook a surprising to know that you
didn't like it and I loved it and I was
like I posted it yesterday and I was
like hey did you guys like this shirt
idea and I was like expect everybody
like yeah sure but there was like 30% of
you who weren't really big fans of it so
I asked some of you if you have your own
design to post it to tag me on Facebook
with it and um because we need to get
some more colors a lot of you guys have
said we need some more colors in the
shirt shop right now it's like all black
and white colors so yeah I agree we
definitely need some more colors go
check out the one I posted and see if
you like it I think it's cool I'm not
gonna lie I mean I was it was like it's
saying if life's worth living than it's
worth recording with like an old-time
film camera in the middle go check it
out tell me you like it but if you guys
have a design post it and will you if we
like it if everybody likes you know one
that one comes out and it's like Grand
Master champion of shirt designs and we
use it I'll send you Lexie and roots
turn and a camera and a shirt and
Malachi in this truck and my left arm
that's always a good president I feel
and I said actually KU's you tell me say
rolling and action
Oh - four score and four - four scored
40 years ago for my lines again line
hello hello alright so go check out
shake Facebook it's in pants links in
the pants
alright bread and butter I turn off the
drive that's the red button
yes filming by Lexus and again pull it
good
this was filming by Nexon say I am
professional director of photography
what I am a professional director of
photography I'm a professional director
of photography nice your bread and
butter
dude oh look at all that stuff so we're
having a big party at our house tomorrow
with all of my family because my sister
is in town from Arizona we bought all
this stuff for the party Cubs and light
and ice cream cones
my brother is making homemade ice cream
and it's gonna be so delicious
I'm excited I always loved when my
family comes to hang out because they're
well they're not quite as wild and crazy
as Chase Utley but they're so wild and
crazy because there's a lot of us
there's eleven kids and my family and
then including me and then my parents so
it's gonna be fun hi what are you doing
that's not yours
whose is that who's that
hi who's that baby TARDIS Hey
yeah are you speechless
okay happy st. Patrick's Day let's see
your outfit we see your outfit oh nice
you totally won't get pinched in that if
you are you can punch them in the head
back I mean let's not promote violence
hi so we have baby cousin card and she
is the same age she's actually older
than rock dude no girls are supposed to
come on come on that's a good workout
all right let's go
