what'd he do I don't like it I'm just
kidding giggle hey she laughs their own
joke who taught you to do that wait a
second that sounds like that just
kidding he all right so this is the what
that well I what I'm going to start
doing is a one-take say happy st.
Patrick's Day it's going to be on every
st. Patrick's Day of 2011 we're going to
do a one-take because I lost my camera
you know what I forgot last night we're
talking about me losing my camera is the
footage that I got I got to climb on top
of the California Academy of Sciences
that footage was on there and like this
is like the one of the coolest buildings
in San Francisco it's like one of the it
has a platinum green rating like this
building is amazing and it's like an
ecosystem and they let me climb on top
of these hills on top of the roof and I
got it's so beautiful like the whole
surrounding area is amazing like the
trees and it's so green and it was like
ah like oh I wasn't really pissed
because I didn't remember like what
footage I had on that camera but like
now it's like and you know what else I
remembered I wasn't an 8 d on the plane
because I was an ad on the plane I Herat
its of the mommy what up in that and
what happened after that so I was an
eight DD and then I had to pee hahaha
that rhymes so I went to the back of the
plane to pee but then there was like a
whole seat where nobody was sitting in
it so I went back up to AED and I told
and I'd already put my camera in the
seat pocket in front of in that seat and
then I told the guys today I'm gonna sit
the back so you can just you know that's
all yours and he was like cool so I went
sat in the back i forgot that i left my
camera in the pocket and i put my phone
in the back seat pocket and then when I
got off I usually always get in there
get my stuff out of the pocket in front
of me then i forgot that i left my
camera and it's a long story i'm pissed
i'm more pissed than you are there's
great footage on there so anyways today
daddy brought presents from the road
daddy leaves on road trips and he's
gonna bring you back presence I thought
I mean that's a kind of a good tradition
right everytime daddy goes on a road
trip to bring back something from
wherever he was so first of all we got
some Austin Texas shirts for you guys
this says keep Austin weird haha I'd
like hey guys so this is uh are these
the same size babytard and practiced
hard these guys are these are for you
okay here you like that keep Austin
where there you go babytard c'mere you
like that only like that it's
multi-colored it's a move my car teacher
and this is a tough shirt hook'em horns
send hard this is yours this is Texas
Longhorns this is a really good football
team all right yeah that's for you
Thanks and i saw this i thought you know
who would look hot and one mommy Chardo
go Longhorns hmm smells like the Austin
Texas airport oh there you go akhtar
don't think I forgot about you huh oh
I'll be a little football player there
you go put on your head okay you guys
you excited for this so this was from
the California Academy of Sciences these
rocks are super special and they might
even have superpowers and I got you each
a pouch like a little leprechaun would
have if leprechauns had shiny rocks he
would put him in a pouch like this okay
and I got three different colors and yes
what color you want now you can't look
inside first cuz I got different oh
crapola pardon my language what you do
stone stuff a rose quartz will look in
yo geologist or how do you know that
collects rocks she's a rock fighter okay
so who wants which bag I got blue okay
for destroyed spoke first son tarde
jarba color you want all right anki
babytard okay open that up and check
those rocks out there super cool looking
for portable shiny rocks look how shiny
they are huh magical they're like
they're like the marbles if you'll if
you think happy thoughts let's see your
pink one oh that's pretty like there
let's see princess art oh that's really
pretty they're like and you guys listen
very important don't leave them on the
floor cuz you know who will eat them I'm
rock hard we'll put those right in his
mouth and swallow em and then mommy
tarde we'll find him in his diaper keep
them in your baggy you gonna have that
one good and what speak up woman what
are you saying and Tatiana will get them
to ya so you gotta make sure you don't
leave any of these on the ground all
right p just teeth good I'm glad all
right mommy tard you ready for your
presence I'm always ready for her so I
got you these these are recycled this is
like made from recycled paper beads and
their hand made in Kenya oh cool that's
sweet you like those are they too bad no
i'm not figuring anyways okay so then
there was this other stuff they're
called um lori aight it's this kind of a
rare stone of no it's called not lari
lari mar and it's from I'm haiti I think
there's
only like a certain amount of it in the
world so this is kind of expensive I got
you one and my mom so here's a necklace
of the stuff that's called Larry Moore
whatever it is yeah like that I think
that's pretty that's pretty huh very
pretty yeah hmm I had to sell my soul to
get it well bein her soul and i got this
one for my mom because I figured well I
guess she got she gave birth to me
somebody to buy her something that's
pretty cool though right that's pretty
yes thank you yeah it's a bracelet or
it's a necklace for somebody who has a
small neck echa wah wah so what else
would I get oh and I got I got you a
laptop yeah way to go I can't tell them
just kidding that was a great yeah boy
down that's my last this is for you this
is a bad alright so where you guys think
hey like your presents come come give me
hugs and kisses oh that's beautiful our
East Side mahogany kids say thank you
get your boy they really show some
gratitude to your father it give me that
it's time for a body
le copy time how the fat tail look all
right all your rocks on the floor that
is one take st. Patrick's Day because
all the footage I had is on an airplane
somewhere okay see you guys tomorrow we
back on track tomorrow Michael what I'm
sorry poster hello color poster okay a
hella coaster that's a good idea we go
ready all right bye guys
