balls ah don't even tell him mom they're
gonna be so disappointed in you guys be
disappointed don't don't do be
disappointed they already will be don't
be disappointed guys it was an accident
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
oh you confess it's almost it almost at
this point it seems like it's a lie like
a plan B I know it's like it's like a
lie because uh so high um I left my flip
on the airplane again it's all it's like
the tooth it's like the toothbrush thing
all right ever I'm sorry I ever put in
the pocket and it's uncomfortable to
ride on the airplane with in my pocket
you don't ever put it in the pocket in
front of you what should I do with it or
you have to put it on a giant lanyard
and yurgin lanyard as long as the
lanyard is hanging around my leg be like
rainbow color it's long enough to go
around my neck and in the pocket okay
that's a good idea what it is it used to
be how many how many sonicare
toothbrushes have I left our hotels 3
i've left like three or four sonicare
toothbrushes at hotels and this it's
like you know what I'm trying to do I'm
trying to spread the wealth I'm trying
to give cameras to the world we are the
world we are the children we are the
ones to make right a day so let's not
give in see ya given cameras flip out
I'm sick it here flip cameras in the
world I left my flip camera adult I'm
gonna bite your nose o.o did call you
stop it stop it and tickles uh-huh so
I'm home I I just landed here in Idaho
there's two potatoes walking down the
street how do you know which one's the
prostitute Idaho
you get it yeah me that's a funny joke
the window right there I didn't do it
who did it I know there's lips on the
window who did that that's you it's on
the outside there's probably oh excuse
me oh oh kazoo night you are so good
lookin anyways ok so today I went I feel
like I shouldn't even oh my dentist I
sneeze again oh it's so good just like
let it out it's like a bra anyways I
feel like I shouldn't be vlogging this
because I already vlog did but I left my
flip camera on the airplane from San
Francisco to Salt Lake so if you are any
time in the near future on an airplane
from San Francisco to saw like I think I
was in the exit row i was 8 d i remember
yeah i talked to the guy in the
restaurant where I was at 8d um it's a
small plane it's a delta plane if you
ever on a plane from San Francisco they
probably I don't know you know it'd be
great you know what we should do like
that guy that we saw the other day who
left we found the film there's a guy
recently who found a roll of film and he
found the people who had it so maybe we
should start like a campaign to find
shake Carl's flip camera wow that would
be it sits in the seat pocket in 8d it's
a delta connection flight from San
Francisco to Salt Lake I left it there's
footage and and it's good footage
because today I had to go record a dr
after digital recording i don't know i
had to record audio for no ordinary
family no ordinary family the episode on
ABC coming up on march twenty second i
had to go i read do my part because the
audio that I filmed whereas in Los
Angeles apparently didn't work because
it was loud there was a wind or
something so I had to go redo the audio
today that's why I'm home late now but
um I got great footage of me in the
studio talking to Michael Chiklis follow
Michael Chiklis on twitter by the way
I'll leave a link in my pants he's like
che why don't you tell people to follow
me on twitter is like okay
I'll tell people so you guys go follow
Michael Chiklis and tell them that I
sent you that I lost my camera uh so I
had got really good footage and it sucks
that I love to yes you're so beautiful
no makeup diggers new best of so uh
where we are mommy turd waa la Mar why
we owe tomorrow st. Patrick's Day and we
gotta get all the tars Walker uh his
princess are going to school the morning
so we're gonna get him shirts last time
we're here there was a shirt that said I
clover beer mug I think we should get
that for son I wonder if you'd get sent
home for that nice ingestion okay so um
I'm home hallelujah hallelujah and the
next time we leave we're going to
playlist live in Orlando we're gonna
have to get lots of sunscreen orlando
florida and then we go to New York after
that oh what's that song oh come
along what is that come on oh no no no
Zach Norah Jones no not not okay and
last my love has come along that song
come on I know but as I reminded me of
when he sings like we're doing here sing
that song what is it
my love has come along that's all I know
yet I love that song I love my wife I'm
gonna go punch her in the face of my
lips it knows the stuff all right so uh
I'm home this is the video for today
peace in the Middle East I love you guys
and pray for japan man i was in the
airport in san francisco with a whole
new kila reactor and all that that's
like 13,000 reported dead or missing
that sucks sucks be grateful that's the
biggest thing i think you know in in all
of this the lesson to learn even if you
know you don't donate money or you don't
you know help I mean you should donate
money you know text I think it's 90999
to Red Cross but if you don't do any of
that the biggest thing to take from it's
just be freaking grateful that you are
not you know floating down the river
from a tsunami anyways all right we're
gonna go in and buy some green shiz you
ready go buy some green chairs right
good thing mommy brought her mommy tart
brought her bedazzled flip camera or
there'd be no video today this is seven
minutes long all right good bye love you
guys see you tomorrow bye
