watching the shape
ready for it
good morning everybody I am in San
Francisco City is a San Francisco City
Vegas San Francisco California today is
a video is gonna be footage
walk in here on block and you quit
pushing on your guests anyway so here we
are check it out San Francisco in the
San Francisco Bay we got our giant
15-passenger hi Fiona a 15 passenger van
that there's only four of us anyway so I
got footage from yesterday it's just
gonna be a collection of footage today
because I've been shooting so much I
haven't been able to get like a ton of
stuff but we got some cool stuff for
mommy tard and the kids yesterday and
they all went to the doctor and there's
some of that footage okay so I'm headed
out we're going to what museum visits
we're going to Science Museum of Science
at Golden Gate Park we're going there to
shoot right now and this is just some
footage I have and I will see you guys
tomorrow okay peace bye yeah disgusting
hello yo oh I am headed to the doctor
not pretty the kids but for me I need
some TLC not waterfalls don't go chasing
waterfalls guys I need some tender
loving doctor care I have this sinus
infection that I've had for like a month
I swear it's been going on forever and
it was really bad for a couple weeks and
I thought it kind of went away but I
woke up this morning and I'm like I
can't breathe and I can't do anything so
I'm finally going to the doctor I'm
finally breaking down and going to the
doctor I don't know what they can do for
me they'll probably give me some pill or
something that's supposed to fix
everything
a magical miracle pill that'd be nice
there's one pill that just fixed
everything that pill would be very
expensive
I bet anyway don't go to the doctor
it's pretty
here with Conan O'Brien well I'm not
here with them he's here with me I told
them meet me here but it's so
embarrassing all these cameras are here
to interview if he can't talk right now
but yeah we're going to see the movie
together pretty excited
okay where I have the doctor's office
and rocked hard has an ear infection
he's so sad I didn't realize this but
the doctor realized that he has
scratches and users from scratching his
ears so I'm that mom oh my god I'm sorry
but guess who it is
can I show you do you mind no I don't
you do make some joke that I'm in the
same sweater oh wait pretty sure of it
yeah I have one sweater that works
sweater okay guys I'm gonna give you a
blast from the past are you ready to see
the other the other charts now yeah big
clown card but the other the more
precious time no more precious right I
like her already
and she's beautiful still as always I
don't know what my dome diagnosis is yet
but hopefully we can fix it what are you
tired what's wrong with him he doesn't
eat too much chocolate like me
myocardial infarction very serious last
time she figure out what's wrong is
princess hurt yeah what's wrong with her
toxic megacolon her heart's beating
that's a serious condition
is she healthy though are you
look at my eyes make sure they're
they're good sharing that light yeah you
can make it no no can't stick your eyes
you've been taking your vitamins haven't
you and if you're going
San Francisco
be sure wear some flowers in your hair
Fiona she's doing sound for us on this
trip on this journey it's been quite the
journey I got Paul and John back there
come on you too you too for our
youtubers come on you teach that was
funny a tuber
Idaho tuber I don't get it
oh look that's the old blogging camera
kidding oh yeah Fiona tell us where
we're at we're in San Francisco a little
bit for Market Streets this is cool a
lot of views Batman strangled by fat man
that's the title of a million hits right
there so yeah we're downtown San
Francisco and that's cool down here it's
nice it's like old buildings it's cool
it's cool city San Fran hi yes I am
taking over shades chair since he's not
here I just get to lounge watching a
little Conan so I'm good and back from
the doctor I went to the store I got my
prescriptions and well it turns out I
have a huge sinus infection I didn't get
a spot on camera but she stuck that
thing that tool I just put my finger in
my nose that's gross
sorry I just and I just crashed my head
with that finger that was in my nose I'm
disgusting okay anyway she put that tool
of my nose and she goes
whoa so she put that tool of my nose and
she's just she's a little bit of a book
so she put that tool at my nose and took
one look and was like whoa you have a
serious sinus infection I was like
that's why I've been lazy for a whole
month right that's why that's so I got
some antibiotics Rock chart had an ear
infection so we are gonna be better
we're gonna be so much better for
playlist live I'm excited and I just
love our doctor she is so fun and I'm so
glad that she was so excited about me
filming because most people are like oh
like that lady in the store behind me
was like but if you saw that anyway she
I use whatever you want I love you
that's all I have to say I'm so
discombobulated I never know what I'd
like to start talking and I start
talking about something else and I'm
like what was I trying to say what was
the conclusion thing I wanted to get out
I don't remember but my arms tired so
I'm gonna go
