so many options so many accessories
embarrassing I'm going security hi where
we going
/ why are we doing that because the
American Girl store is opening at 10:00
why are we going just me and you right
nerely in New York City this morning
because I sing up here yeah we made a
bet yesterday huh and he wanted to go to
the American Girl doll store and I told
her if she couldn't unless she sing on
the pier in front of all these people
really loud she did
so now we're going to be American
I called Gavin this morning and told him
to wake up Emmy she got right out of it
Wow
whoa just like a seat relax New York
City take it all in mean lupus headed to
the American Girl doll store here we go
okay now you have to dance so you're
dancing
look at that you do a spin around the
cup pretty that is
you
all right got a little bit of dance and
done now that we got a little dance and
done and go to the American Girl doll
store but we just found out it doesn't
open till 10:00 a.m. and we have to
leave at 11:00 to go to JFK so we have
to hustle a little sister can't be
loitering in the American Girl doll
store very long okay well because the
American Girl doll store doesn't open
till 10:00 we're gonna go in here and
see if they have our book here in New
York City excited to see if they do here
we go here we go let's go find our book
it's down here somewhere
I'm going down into the depths of the
Barnes & Noble oh look what that is
maybe we can just stay here instead of
going to the actual store Wow we'll
still go to the store okay my bad while
right even suggest that okay do we see
it do we see it is it in here somewhere
I don't see it there let's see where
else could it be I found it I found it
is it but here we are underneath the
internet sensations we're an internet
sensation there's Grace and Tyler
there's Alfie there's Shane Gavin oh
look there's Louise there's sprinkle of
glitter there's Miranda kollene there's
Beauty pass there's mr. Shane Dawson
there's mr. Dannon Phil there's mr.
Connor Franta look at everybody's right
here in the one Internet section how
exciting
hahaha here we are she is there's a girl
of the earth and that's ever ever again
oh whoa so that's the one yes another
one you want to get alright let's go see
what's open
alright daddy-daughter date to the
American Girl doll store here they are
oh it's a magical time for the emmy
loofahs here we go oh so many options so
many accessories so many things so many
things hopefully we're not in here for
too long
wow they have every kind of American
Girl doll huh
which one are you familiar we're going
to the second floor to get Lia
right here
Lia the wilderness doll alright grab her
better that the Lia for you but look at
all the other Lea's down there saying
please take me home take me home oh
you're the lucky Leah lady
the lucky Lea alright that's the one all
right here we go I'm not spoiling her
I'm just good daddy okay me alone
oh I'm in trouble now we have a sales
associate they're going off to the
accessory aisle for Leah I feel like all
my money's going with them too and weeds
having a shopping spree
one more accessory young lady she sent
me like that's cool I'm an American Girl
doll motorcycle are their American Girl
doll motorcycles well that's kind of
like a motorcycle try this dress on
she's gonna get matching dresses oh
pretty turn around to like yeah yeah
poodle skirt yeah oh let's see here hold
it up
let's see you gonna keep the box you
don't want him alright
yeah yeah we got to get on the airplane
she is pretty huh did I get I love you
everybody please welcome Emmie loofah
sand Leah coming down the escalator with
the shopping bags in hand they're ready
to go to Florida to playlist live here
we go my embarrassing that's my job
no it's crazy look at that dad I've seen
like four sets of dads and daughters in
here
good job dad's you got to be able to go
to the doll store with your powder huh
yeah I've been impressed there's been
like four or five just daddy daughters
in here getting stuff and then you keep
my cheek
alright here we are on the set of
American girl life with Leah and Emmy
we're gonna have an interview take one
action come again well I was invented in
2014 but was not made of production line
available till the late fall of 2015 but
I'm so glad to be here in 2016 alright
that's a wrap on this American Girl doll
life cut oh I'm sorry I broke something
gotta go get drugs
alright we're out of here we are leaving
Emmy has her doll broadcast a suitcase
is ready
where we headed
go are you sad you miss New York
thinking about where we're going is
ready say what rock where we going
more land no no we'll wait for the next
one what what where you're sleeping
waiting for the elevator sleep in this
one oh yes
oh shoot it's empty all right load in
everybody load in load in those
suitcases in here here we go
fit everything come on Dax you still
sleeping still sleeping all right we're
out of here
Brock you strong All Right see you later
Trump Soho tonight
all right we're doing it again here
headed to another land of adventure
we've got all the kids in the airport
getting ready country securities are
some seventh centered time at Leila's
file yeah it is anytime a plan is ready
there's a lot a lot of time you guys
ready yeah I'm gonna swim in the Sun I
mean here we go we're out of here you
guys ready
Gavin's dance and ladies going through
security loading them through loading
them through help me out help me out I
have a brother a brother out here we go
we're going to LaGuardia four headed to
MCO all right let's see if she'll go
through push her through slowly I'm
going security I'll see you guys on the
other side let me say goodbye to your
doll Oh No
there she goes Oh she tipped over player
down keep her safe touch the side of the
plane on our way down man no
yeah
ready to wrap alright when we took our
flight now we're in Orlando Brock can
you get that off of there let's go dawg
hey dude
okay that's Brock and accent suitcase
good job buddy can you get mine can you
get mine do what we get it for me it's
heavy
let Brock get it that's mom's actually
oh geez can you pick that up all right
let's see you get mine it's 54 pounds
good luck I brought all your mom's shoes
with me
not on my accord but I just let my sweet
pumpkin put her shoes in my get it there
you go
nice job all right let's go to the hotel
okay
we rented a rental car we're in Florida
it's sunny and southern guys
Ironman to the rescue today okay we head
to the hotel now all right we're here at
playlist live what there's random people
with pictures of us in our cars hey guys
show us the calendar look at this higher
awesome what's your name
I've been thanks for watching our videos
you got a good dad bringing you all the
way out here have a minivan race dad you
ready Auto we're at playlist live
good to meet you guys night good night
good night Daxton good night show chick
vomit Rick Marshall trick you got trick
okay team this is cool like that
painting that's your trick you got a
cool trick I'm watching
right there Oh
one two three
Oh Oh new dolls about to do flip you're
afraid to throw her oh whoa no guess not
what was she let on her feet all right
we heard her hotel room at playlist live
Jackson it's a big weekend ahead of us
yeah lots of meet and greets lots of
selfies we got panels we got a tricks
and booth you guys know an artist named
KT Tunstall we're doing a concert with
her tricks in and her doing a concert
here at playlist live like a fashion
show slash concert yeah that's it
alright good night everybody
last trick go alright that's pretty cool
yeah okay he's ready for playlist live
and Sammy
see you tomorrow hanky face I mean think
how exciting that would be if you or
that American Girl doll you know like
you've just been living in that box
you've been in that big store in New
York City you came from the
manufacturing plant then all of a sudden
one day little Emmy loofahs comes
walking along with her papa and she buys
you and you get to go on a big exciting
plane ride all the way to Orlando
Florida and jump on the bed oh what a
day for her what's that doll's name
again yeah Lia
Oh Lia you lucky dog you're a che tard
now
anyways thanks for watching the
Shaytards vlogs you can be one of our
children too if you thumbs up this video
hahaha weak weak weak love you guys
thanks for watching uh yeah that's right
Sunday vlog no rewind yesterday because
we love you and because we're doing so
much crazy stuff we want to update you
guys so you can hang out with us so now
rewind this week and then we're gonna
have another vlog tomorrow on Lunas that
means Monday on the espanol okay let you
guys uh leave us a nice comment and if
you want to see what the Shaytards have
been doing every single solitary day for
the last eight years well you can't
because we missed some days but you know
you can watch pretty much every day
because we haven't missed that many days
and please click on the mystery video
did you do it yesterday I'm following up
did you do your homework did you go
leave me and
comment on the Tough Mudder video can
you go over there and just be like hey
Shay doing my homework stopping by to
say hey and I'll see those comments and
I'll like you don't just do it though
cuz you want me to like you do it
because you think it's a good video so
I'm gonna take that back if you're just
gonna go over there because I told you
to then don't do it let's is that
reverse psychology because now you're
like well maybe I should do it what are
you gonna do what are you gonna do okay
I gotta go I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow bye
