watching the shape
ready for it
hey you're like a ravenous wolf from a
breakfast
driving that's not a big egg
oh nothing better and a big ripe juicy
mango that's filled ma NGO man know if
he has a mango everybody this is shake
ro with the mango Association of the
United States of America have you tried
a mango today if not why not answer me
that right now they're healthy delicious
and good for you nutritious all righty
then let's have some more mango which
are probably not grown in America dude
when I live in Trinidad
I live in Trinidad for eight months so
they have these mangoes called Julie
mangoes Oh honestly I promise you I'm
not even exaggerating they were better
than candy they were so sweet it was
like better than any candy I ever had
and I'd come home at night then I'd get
a Julie mango they're so juicy too and
I'd have to like lean over the CTX it
just be like dripping dripping mango
juice and I just be like a sticky
delicious juicy mess this message
brought to you by manga serves are a
mango company that can pay us for the
such-and-such good promotion
first time I never had a mango as when
we were married
really yeah look at all the clothes
ripped brought to your life but I
brought so much culture Harlan you're
just like a small town your life
I brought amazing amazing things like
amazing things like like electricity
everybody's water and indoor plumbing it
brought all those sick I brought amazing
things into your life like mangoes the
World Wide Web
all right all right so we're back in the
airport you know what that means it's
time to play lethal weapon pinball cause
we mess up dudes what happened to the
shock pinball machine guys remember last
time we were here Shaquille O'Neal had
his own pinball machine I think you know
what happened I think he saw my vlog and
he came and got it you know it is right
now it's in Shaquille O'Neal's playroom
in his basement where's your Shaquille
O'Neal you were playing with his balls
last time oh hey Rock darn hey you got a
little pond the airport kids if I got a
ticket do you cry all right so I'm
headed to Austin Texas to go to South by
Southwest I am starting my little feel
series I told you this a little bit
about it but I'm working with Howcast
General Electric and they're
ecomagination program and I'm gonna go
and make a video on this carousel it's
like a merry-go-round
that's totally solar-powered so I'm
excited
and I'm headed to Austin right now so if
you guys are in Austin and you're gonna
be in South by Southwest come say hi
I'll be probably by the solar-powered
merry-go-round most of the day so come
say hi sunshine you need to focus you
can bring all your concentration into
one place and hit the ball where is it
other it is okay you ready oh snap here
comes here comes no pressure no pressure
oh you did a good job just make it hard
to play just a hard to play in your
place oh I love that song hit it I'm
sorry you know you play next I like that
bow in your hair very pretty you look
like a Minnie Mouse
you know Minnie Mouse's uh-huh hey baby
hey Rocco are you gonna walk buddy soon
huh are you gonna walk pretty soon oh
it's a reach to reach oh oh and he goes
down for the count
are you ready to go hey Felix I might
tickle those feet those feet look like
they may be tickled is he holding my gun
look at him kick it his legs Oh brothers
maybe tard are you sad that I'm leaving
are you gonna miss your daddy how much
are you gonna miss your daddy a lot or a
little bit why not a lot because why
she's not gonna miss me a lot he's not
gonna miss your daddy a lot when he
loved you and gives you everything ever
you will okay yes I convinced her hey
you know what's exciting though next
time that we go on an airplane guess
what you're coming with we're all gonna
fly together as a family
the excitement remember last time went
on an airplane and that fun next one
doesn't like the 23rd or 24th we're all
flying to LA then from LA we're off line
to Orlando
whole family on one airplane all six of
us and then we're gonna go to playlist
live in Orlando there's a brother he has
all the quarters he used them on the
pinball machine darn it
hi beautiful you look at amazing Mike
always a nice shirt I do it just for you
show off the shirt oh man
next was Betty
hey guys watch when she scans my to get
a little alarm yes thank you dear that
that means congratulations you're the
hundredth customer now it means you get
the X zero which means you have extra
legroom I have landed here in US and tux
earth it's pretty good get it you gotta
be loud you get a pretty good echo out
of this I do in the parking garage
really drawing a lot of attention to me
right now
anyway just landed here in Austin I'm
waiting to get my ride we're gonna go to
the head to the hotel I think check-in
and then we're gonna go check out our
shoot location and I'll show you guys a
little footage of that it's this really
cool I told you this is carousel /
merry-go-round it's totally
solar-powered oh we're here more about
that to come it's green technology baby
so what's the very first thing you ever
do right when you get into a new hotel
room for me embarassingly enough I have
to set up my base account got to get the
computer plugged in the phone book the
technology up and runnin gotta find my
wireless Omni Hotel affordable
excellence
that's funny like every time I come to a
hotel that's the first thing I do like I
gotta get my computer on well they make
sure the wireless is working here suite
3 okay so here in Austin and we're about
to go out to go check out our shooting
location for tomorrow and I'm here look
at these drapes are those nice lots of
fancy drapes I like um alright so here
we are at the Carousel when they're
calling it a parasol
because it's totally run off of a
solar-powered energy second it's all
white with LED lights from GE and it is
joy you guys having fun yeah energy
that's what's bringing the smiles to
your face it's the Sun that's what makes
you happy smile
let's do I get a high five high five
okay so here we are at the source of the
energy these are the solar panels and
all day they get the energy of the Sun
and then they put it is it batteries now
they said it's that the the power from
the Sun is stored in batteries and so at
night it can run without the Sun that's
fun I'm rhyming and then check this out
- this is really cool at these little
table stations they have phone chargers
so you come like charge any phone you
want to and it's coming off the power
from those solar panels also read here
at Jerez solar I found the batteries so
that's a freaking Mack truck battery
right there I guess there's two of them
but yeah the solar panel panels get the
energy and they wire it over here and
these are the batteries and that's what
this whole freakin thing is running off
of energy from the Sun that is stored in
the batteries and then at night it runs
on the energy from the Sun have I said
that already
that's pretty impressive I'm impressed
I'm amazed hey you guys you know who
heal the cord is he's right outside
how's it goin
the cameraman said that's me I'm the
Caesar right there I'm going healthy oh
thanks bro leo
we're gonna get them to come over to the
window
Eddie's sharing pictures of his kids oh
I'm so glad I didn't wear that dress
tonight
how embarrassing you're anywhere the
same thing I'm married so they're doing
a live show but the were just gonna go
we're gonna go bomb their live show
straightest okay
hey guys alright
the end of a long night here in Austin
Texas and South by Southwest just
pulling in to my hotel right now we're
staying at the Omni Hotel and it's been
a great day it's been a lot of fun and
just rode my bike back to the hotel hey
guys thanks yeah yeah I rode it all the
way from downtown Austin smells good and
smells like spray paint you really smell
anyway I set it to bed see you guys
tomorrow good night
