yeah I know I did you even though wasn't
sunny it was really overcast in Austin
today snowing the UV rays came through
it and got me a little bit all right hey
guys what's up um so here Jamie I'm
married so you guys remember Jamie I
went to the PTO with him he's like my
best friend from high school
Oh whoops-a-daisy there's mystery guitar
man yeah you light yourself properly my
friend there he is
what did you get in town like two today
yeah yeah
worrying on beards I go first place good
beard better beard best beard so we're
here in Austin Texas we're right here at
the Karis solar get the pun the play on
words because this carousel is run
totally off of the sun's power they have
a you can see over here I'll right there
see those solar panels run this carousel
off the energy so we've been here today
shooting literally all day I've been
shaved like 12 hours today with Jo and
Jamie just showed up because he lives in
San Antonio I only come out of years and
the only competitor he's like a Dracula
and so there's no blog today so this is
my video saying there won't be a video
jo week networks I think this is a video
a video yeah this is should count Jo
make a tiny Jo do something hurry and
editing
say something Portuguese got you
mice so we're in Austin Texas South by
Southwest I'm gonna be last
that's fell PLA st and we're gonna we
have to go do one more shot right here
on the carousel we're gonna go write it
and finish up today so no vlog today
I'll get one up tomorrow guys but super
busy kid says you're so gay alright say
bye Joe alright see you guys
Sadie's if I
