you are not watching the Shaytards vlog
just along to the big Chasez
for two years
there's Applebee's 3.2 kilometers away
I've made a very dramatic change in my
life matter dog I forget you where's
Yuma Mongoose Emami tarde we're at
Applebee's and instead of trying to get
the best spot in the lot
I have opted for the farthest what is
rock-hard you know so we have opted to
spark in the farthest parking spot away
from Applebee's literally it is the
farthest spot in the corner way back
here just to help us get a little extra
exercise guys Phil on the burn baby -
are you getting some exercise or goes
break this darn rock hard this is called
vloggy that's what we do for loggers you
want to grow up and be a blocker black
rubber be a walker
no daddy I want to be an astronaut
what do you find Oh live blood tracks
did we shoot a deer we shot a deer we're
tracking it down here's the trail of
blood with following let's let's go see
if it's inside maybe they'll cook it for
us senator grab them under his armpits
okay not pulling his arms out of socket
what are you okay I don't I don't think
you okay son art bring him here never
mind
I told can you do it you sure rock toy
what do you think okay hold him tight
yeah hold them like that and dancing
you dancing freak out you see we got a
retro freak out Oh pop your collar dude
you need to add a pop color into that
you had a pop your collar son tired he's
not listening he's oh here comes the
worm in Appleby is welcome to Applebee's
we're doing the worm oh my gosh I always
thought that I would embarrass my
children but I think my children might
be immersed you know you're never
embarrass dude I'm touch hey let me ask
you a question do you think there will
ever come a time where you're
embarrassed to dance in front of people
I think that is a very honorable thing
to have in your hearts never listen
never lose that love to dance yeah
what's up yeah you have a dance-off with
this dude all right you're gonna take
him you said
I think sometimes terabrite challenged a
centaur to a dance-off and he has been
pumped ever since he's been motivated to
win just noticing I shaved my beard
trimmed up a bit okay well since it's
late at night and we really haven't
flogged much today what we're gonna do
is a time lapse only mommy tart eating
for the next 45 minutes are you ready
and go free because it's time lapse get
to move fast nice shirt
end up let's see your shirt that's
alright do it do it turn around like and
then ya know like turn around and
they're like do it look over the
shoulder really dramatically now I want
a BL shake Carl's my husband and I want
to make out with them as loud as you can
how was your dinner mom eat are so good
what you're watching us
why would we do are we in trouble what
are you gonna beat us up please leopard
from the tree don't hurt us come on guys
grace come on let's go please don't hurt
us all right we're sorry troll from the
tree bye oh hey you're watching us okay
what are you gonna do to us
Oh guys come on let's go hurry we better
go we're sorry we're apologize guys come
on let's go what are you doing you crazy
babies
how about this wait what do you got
there
show us the evidence a bouncy ball what
your stupid ball go far away out there
whoa there goes a stupid ball hold on
I caught I had to catch a baby charge
stupid ball all right let's see you
bounce that baby oh you caught it what
oh is that a shirt for me are you sure
shopping for daddy card Rock tard where
do you pick out your shirt thanks bud
say alright guys see it you pretty much
don't care about the best is out in the
lot anymore best spot and a lot is out
for now daddy needs to get some weight
loss we're going worst spot oh wait do
we all need an salon I guess I get to
drive two guys out for the front I don't
know if I'm agreeing to that watch for
car well here we go we're Scott in luck
we're thought in Malone we're gonna get
the worst spot in more exercise
why do you like it so much I guess they
sold out of them dude so we're here
Walmart and we're trying to find James
Blunt's CD cuz every time we come
where's my way in the Pioneers our kids
and our food all the way to our covered
wagon into a big tail is that how you
guys enjoying your ice cream cones
remember lick around the sides you gotta
call that a prett start what's the
matter
sorry gross
as a parent it's Lina one of the many
many things you have to teach your
children and growing up what look who
found fart humor I'm farting in my head
anyway hey it's not funny it's just one
of the things you have to teach your
kids is how to lick around the side of
the ice cream cone so it doesn't drip
everywhere because kids they don't get
that they just eat the top they're gone
then of course the sides are dripping
everywhere so that's one of the many
things you'd have to teach your kids is
how to lick around the sides are you
pretending like you're asleep now for
dessert we have a little actress on our
hands are you tired
do you do you don't want the rest of it
how come you fall that your mom will eat
it
she's my scream monster true the
abominable snowmen of ice cream and
McFlurry baby targa what the H a double
hockey sticks how do you get ice cream
on your coat on this side of the coat
you have not oh my head you need to go
back to ice cream cone school lessons
look at you you're disaster it's on your
face is on your coat it's all over your
hand
I don't care she needs to study better
ice cream cone school
yeah you're clean you good job throw it
away hey come here baby tard come throw
your ice cream cone away are you done
with it throw in there here son where
does the garbage for you go throw it in
there splat splat oh you met that's it
or never get nice cream cones again
getting sucked out get inside kick your
butt's I'm counting three on the kick
your butt and then I sent baby tard back
to ice cream cone school it's next to
the moon
