you are not watching the Shaytards vlog
just along to the big Chasez
for two years
baby tart are you nervous are you
nervous
you know why we're nervous because we're
going to meet with our accountant to do
our 2010 taxes come on government to go
easy please don't make me check it out
the chunk of granite right there see
that's the non polish side oh really how
can you tell well it's so hard you must
be a granite expert while you see the
shiny pots right it's shiny that's the
polished side excuse me miss cake you
let what is up on the agenda for the
next business meeting what that's not
part of the agenda baby turd you need to
sit in your seat I thought you had a
master's in business that's not how you
see it at a business meeting with your
CPA honey look here's a package
what is it I haven't even seen one of
those yet who's that fat lard ass
whoa watch your language did you get
double extra-large cuz you're so fat I
like this hold this sweater up again I
haven't seen this oh yeah oh it's zip oh
snap
okay come out here and put it on come
and model it for us hey Shay Carl here
if you're wondering to yourself hey Shay
where can I get me one of those nice
sweaters well let me tell you folks the
low low price of I don't know
go check the website you can have one of
your own at district lines com - Shay
Carl link is below in my pants let's see
how handsome you look
baby up oh you gotta cut your hair you
can't see my face of your hairs in the
way we're cutting your hair off
immediately yeah put the hood on there
you go okay give us a walk
give us a shaycarl hoodie sweatshirt
walk oh look at that face look at that
bump does that bum come with those
sweaters looking good
s-see stands for Santa Claus coral all
right guys so we're headed out to a
really nice dinner we had a nice dinner
prepared what he done come on we're
going to dinner
no ping pong we're going to dinner let's
go let's go now now now Capital n just
kicked him in the butt anyways headed
out to a nice dinner at this nice local
establishment
it's called mommy Tardos key it's hard
to get in as mommy Tardos unless you're
wearing look I'm sure and a plate on
your face or your plate oh yes hi I'm
your maitre d for this evening what
would you like pork chops apple sauce
please have a seat mr. you can seat
right here
oh thank you sir I appreciate it well
let me know if you need anything I'll be
back in the kitchen okay thank you
did you climb up the stairs today all by
yourself did you did you climb up the
stairs all by yourself you did it don't
lie to me rock hard
mommy turn stop ye we know you did what
we thought you was the meat I know uh
you can't prove anything
there's no evidence huh you didn't get
it on camera nope nope not me nobody
else must have been another baby I
wasn't there you are disgustingly dirty
cute at the same time it's a rice
explosion on rock cards face quit
shaking your head you're gonna give
yourself shaken baby syndrome only I'm
allowed to do that
Oh grape juice what do you say baby car
what do you say good girl
mommy tide what you like hey kids hey
Mike lads my cards please thank you so
we are dining tonight on a lustrous dark
green salad with spares of are those
what's what they're called spares
carrots Spears cut carrot Spears and a
delicious full ounce pork chop going
light on the porch up because I want to
be like myself I want to be a lean pork
job hi my name is Shay you can call me
lean pork yeah okay
hey you enjoying that food yeah the
winds blowing out there a lot saying man
mom it's hard what is your deal you're
hot you're fun you have a great
personality unless you make good dinners
for everybody
don't you agree Rock torrents ooh daddy
where do you think the leftovers will be
ready although slow by wanna want a pork
chop
okay sit sit okay hippies want some so
what piece can you have okay Malachi
that's rule number one always feed the
dog from the table right Oh baby doll
baby
oh wow
you guys only gonna try it hold it up
high you got a hole that mine
Tomica burn hold it up in the air and
see if they'll get up and you can get it
you only have to jump oh nice catch nice
catch malachi are you scared
a trophy oh by golly I'm the first Great
Dane ever get a trophy loser anymore
grab some clothes of 1:31 Malachi you're
adorable
what will could lead you but is there
any more looser flip everything fix but
seriously can I have some more deserving
little piece well I would love to have
over the piece if there's one available
I'm just saying it's available all of it
just let me know
no he didn't burp no burping at the
table right delicious he's over six feet
tall when he stands on his head
speaking of right on the face dog you
gotta be careful or one of these and put
a shirt pause right on your face for you
to advocate for other people okay
I won't go do that so of course as a
parent who tells every child eat your
food there's starving children in Africa
who would be grateful eat those potatoes
so then after dinner you could tell that
/ - start what hold on I just saw
something Tara break just uploaded a new
Shaytards intro crap
oh yes you have to change a shape hey
we're terabrite
I'm Deva you once they can graduate
freakin lations
of two years and going on 3 app--
luggage please want to say
congratulations and we made this so you
can continue using intro as if you
absolutely want to you don't have to but
if you want to and you like this song
and you're not using it because it said
2 years and it makes sense we fix it for
you and now it's 2 years going on 3
because that's where you're at right now
we're all on a new one eventually in
original they're gonna work on our
average because you feel like which is
funny because of terabrite didn't
actually originally write that song the
song that is so popular on the Shaytards
the dude who wrote the original the
original um Shaytards intro is tobysoap
is his name and it's actually he has an
entire song that's called the shaped
hard rock check it out
ready you're gonna watch Jignesh HR
Branca sit back relax all over Mama's to
the thing straight fans to the thing she
does her school family net just because
he's put his life on line for you it's
under for a year let's hope for to wear
a video so let it be clear
hi I'm talking here wrong in here so
have like a whole rap song will be
logging industry might ease something
carrots anyways so yeah that's a little
history lesson on the Shaytards intro
song originally put together by tobysoap
it's a whole song just the chorus is the
intro so if you guys want to go check it
out I'll put a link below
um terabrite just did a great cover of
his song and that's why we started using
that there's lightning outside anyways
that's just a little history on the
train towards our true okay what are we
talking about well we're talking about
Oh kids starving kids in a great segue
starving kids in Africa so Prince's
heart after dinner comes up to me and
she could tell she was really had been
thinking about this you know I just you
know impasse and said eat your potatoes
or starving kids in Africa she comes up
she goes dad is there really people in
Africa who are hungry like yeah there's
people in Africa who you know different
places in the country where food doesn't
grow very well and they're poor and they
don't have food and so she's like um um
um because that's what princess tarde
starts off any sense with is umm umm umm
umm umm umm umm like let let let let
lets go to the grocery store and buy
food for them and take it to him in
Africa it's that okay so I'm gonna show
them some videos of African children who
are hungry cuz they said can we see you
pictures of them so that yeah actually
probably could find some so we're about
to look at starving children in Africa
how can we Lopez
you donated some money and go get my
food
get out
what may be hard you don't want to what
you want to do what don't go to era well
I see I think she doesn't want to go to
Africa she do so you don't want to go to
Africa
well yeah we'd go there and help them if
we went but we can we can donate some
money we don't have to go there but we
can just send some money to them to help
them buy food you guys wanna do that but
they don't have any money
yeah it's a it's a complicated situation
yes I'm gonna do it now you want to do
it now yeah should we donate some money
to him yes
all right let's get online and donate
some money guys wanna yes okay let's
watch it all right watch the video huh
let life lessons for the kids
what's that sun card why is my can you
cry you feel bad for those kids why yeah
it's thundering really loud you guys
hear that thunder oh here the rain
really mama turn thinks the power is
gonna go out alright see you guys
tomorrow everybody say bye to these guys
sighs sheet are very charts say see you
guys tomorrow hopefully we're not stuck
in a storm in Idaho yes so sweet tonight
see you guys tomorrow
oh you guys are gonna make me cry it out
okay I'm gonna ask you guys that
question again but we're gonna film it
this time okay you guys ready yes all
right so here we are on feed the
children
and we don't get some money and there's
different donation levels so you guys
should we give them $10 $25 $50 $75 or
150 dollars 150 150
they need more money than that yeah so
we should get 150 yes okay we're gonna
donate $150 it was oh my gosh
like immediately they all yelled 150
like why hundred fifty because they need
more money
all right we're gonna donate okay all
right say bye again
okay where is am I see you again I
promise we're not gonna get on this vlog
anymore okay see you guys tomorrow
