hey this is recess times like intestine
assets go to gymnastics yes
backflip oh holy crap a backflip let's
time my teacher helps Levi myself but
the teacher holds me a little bit can
you do it by yourself
no yes that's right class so you best
respect respect
watch out Bela Karolyi Britta starts
coming to the Olympics yo what up
who knows who Bela Karolyi is not very
many of you
I barely know who he is I'm surprised I
actually knew that name okay let's go to
Princess earn her Olli is actually a
really famous gymnastics teacher and the
guy that owns this place used to work
with Bela Karolyi if any of you are in
gymnastics you know it's tough oh hey
guys what's going on hi what's up dudes
radical rad Google bro tubular I'm
headed to go do some errands have to go
send us some things in the mail just
drop two prints to start off at GME a
fact sorry that's just a swear condition
I have give ever isn't me cuz anyhow so
embarrassed not only you don't want to
bring it up it's a it's kind of like um
it's a stigmatism it's a speech
stigmatism i don't know if you've ever
heard of it
there's certain words that I can't say
correctly I guess you'd say and one of
those words if I was diagnosed with it
when I was in fifth grade dr. Brown of
the University of Colorado was very
adamant that I would get over it but
every time I say the word yeah it just
comes out so weird so I I'm not what is
this lady do go around me I'm vlogging
yeah vlogging you now sucker
what's up she's gonna get out and yell
at me did she just put me off if she's
not careful I'll get out of this truck
and
Jimmy a sex okay now I'm gonna go in to
Big Five and I'm gonna look for a weight
bench so I'm gonna do some bench presses
I need to work some muscles baby here we
go that's so cool that's like three
times the size of a regular one Wow okay
well I didn't get a weight bench they
didn't have the the standard 45 pound
Olympic bars like an aluminum one and
they're like 20 pounds and I want the
official 45 pound one that way I don't
know I just I'm used to those and they
didn't have it so I didn't get it but I
was punching on that punching bag just
has a joke to film and then I remembered
so when I was like 17 16 17 years old in
my parent's garage when I was growing up
I had a punching bag
hanging in my garage and I used that
every night and I was probably in the
best shape of my life then cuz every
night I would spend like 20 30 40
minutes just punching on that bag and
you get tired fast like you are
surprised how tired you get so daddy
times let me punch in some punching bags
now I want to punch the kids anymore all
would be a great way to divert my energy
like a stand there that I'll hang on
because I was kind of nervous about
hanging it on our rafters in our
basement cuz that would suck if like I
was punching it one night and the entire
house fell down so I got one of those
stands that you put it on so we're gonna
go home and do some punching I even got
some uh sixteen ounce punching or
punching gloves I believe they're called
boxing gloves I got the bunch of them
I like this a punch they had some just
regular gloves I kind of have pad
padding on the knuckles but the 16 ounce
ouch
I got doc the 16 ounce of boxing gloves
are heavier so it gives you kind of more
of a workout trying to uh you know like
throw your arms out you have you know
basically a pound on each hand
using a punch and they have a lot more
patents I'm pumped there's me a way good
workout you guys I'm committed I know
that we've talked about this before but
I am super committed this time I think
one reason is because playlist live is
coming up and I want to try to look you
know better than I do now for playlist
live which is good you know it's it's
good to have a deadline it's definitely
good to have a deadline I have why about
20 days until playlist live and I think
that's a good 20 days I'm gonna like
really focus and get into shape and then
once I hit that I'll feel way better and
it's like you kind of start this process
I like to call it the motivation oh no
what is it it's what is the cycle called
it's kind of like the motivational /
progress cycle you work really hard and
you start seeing results so then you get
REME motivated because you see the
results so then you work hard again and
then you see more results so then once
you see those results you work even
harder and it's like this constant
process of you work hard you see results
and because of those results you feel
good about yourself and so you all look
out these teachers they're protesting
yeah but what are they protesting I
agree with you guys yeah whatever you're
doing I don't know what it is but I
agree with it a lot of honking going on
there anyways that's kind of sometimes
what you need to do yourself is say okay
you know what these next three weeks or
this next month I am gonna commit myself
I'm gonna work hard and you just hit it
and that's kind of you almost have to
play a mental game where you say this
next month this is the month I'm gonna
work hard it's only a month think about
it I can survive a month working as hard
as I can
you know exercising and eating right
it's just a month and then after that
month you'll see wow I look and feel way
better let's go another month because I
want to look even better than I already
do so it's kind of like this mind game
where you you you set out you set a time
frame and you work hard and you achieve
it and once you achieve it you want to
just keep going and going but I'm coming
to pick up princess target from
gymnastics and I'm here a little earlier
so I came shopping at this store called
Cal Ranch and check out what they have
here I'll check
nice chickens oh my gosh it's this
segregation this is segregation and
second rate I'm disgusted look looks
like you two can coexist but not the
chickens hey little guys what's going on
I want to take one of these ones and put
it in with these ones or they like
Chinese fighting fish will they fight
he's not so different guys don't be shy
go make friends
seriously look all these ones are
staying away from this one oh that red
ones and white ones he looks nervous all
right I'll put you back with your family
come on come on there you go hey guys
I'm back oh yeah I was in a different
City these ones are ducks hey look these
drops one of you let me pick you up
don't bite me take
all right here goes princes tour nice
lip go that fun dude I like your shirt
you look handsome where'd you get that
you don't know would your mom buy it for
you all right
climb to the top go down again yo mister
your towel to you am I your assistant
ready there you go all right well
someone doesn't like having his nose
wiped that's me Dad I'm the one he was
just like head begi like no no it'll
turn his head any direction again do not
have his nose like that's me done I'm
the one I know the answer drive his nose
again
it's like how do you like it nose no
nose wiping for this little clown that
touches nose I pick your boogers no you
got teeth dude what are you guys doing
oh what a bow where Oh a bullet I'm like
what are you talking about who hit the
TV who did that we shooting it see if
you can hit this camera let's see if you
can hit it all right so I'm tired what
are we doing
we're building a holder for our century
MMA mixed martial arts bag
princess art you can help you wanna help
all right everybody can help we all need
to yes under that's that princess are
you can help me put some of these bolts
in okay you guys are being a little
overzealous here me and Sun tarde have
put this much together so far the
instructions said it should take 1 to 2
hours to put it together this is like 10
minutes me and send her rockin this baby
out do we have this done in 45 minutes
right that's what a real man does what
what do school I don't know yet I
haven't even looked at the instructions
we got we're just getting this part
together right now an old rock card he's
he's assistant on the scene he's making
sure that all the right tools are being
used we have him in his assistance
manager office right now did you find
out where that goes yet hurry go put it
where it's supposed to go it's a start
where does it go on the top all right so
put it on let's see you guys put it
together help him put to start help her
and help him those are the bolts you had
to use those bolts to latch it all
together
you guys are helpless
ok are you guys ready for this so no
here's okay go ahead explain know what's
gonna happen okay so here's what you
gotta do a Sun tarde I'm gonna lift the
bag you're gonna let the princess card
and print the started you're gonna hook
that circle on that hook wait come here
come on you could do it don't be scared
go ahead red start start just said I
want to pray for Jesus help
first you want to say prayer you got
this okay you guys come on we can do
this you sat on the chair go ahead get
up this is teamwork
it's not up okay so here's what we're
doing print to start grab on right there
you can do this foot grab like this it's
gonna be so easy look all you have to do
is put that circle on that hook you see
that you understand okay now I'm going
to come back hold on Center yeah oh okay
oh why don't we dress oh never mind
all right yeah we need to tighten it up
all right we did it
are you doing tightening all the books I
got a monkey on my back what are you
doing back in an Allen wrench in my hand
Oh
lay on my belly it's stronger you know
freakin one of those air wrench they
have it the tire changing place coming
in four feet tall ninety pounds and full
of Rage he's got a mohawk and he's angry
its Sodor get it watch it
yeah I need you over some technique yeah
good trying to hit it straight on those
knuckles
yeah but straight on dude straight on
right with those knuckles watch yeah
that was perfect good right straight on
those knuckles good now go fast like doo
doo doo doo as fast you can both arms oh
good who was it which one which ones
teaching you violence he's what
teint II do know what is this name what
does he look like a little kid and
ginger yeah oh oh oh oh Lancelot yeah
your knuckles oh nice nice job nice job
how you feeling how's it good workout
yeah nice killing it dude all right we
got it assembled it only took well close
to an hour after getting those bolts
tightened that was a lot longer than I
thought it was gonna take us we're ready
to box baby bees that's a great style
pretty good is it good or not yes
all right here we go whoo this itsy
house boxing gloves are heavy
all right sucker I heard you talk about
my mama what'd you say about my mama
sucker
Wow
