all right mister battery we've come
full-circle
do you remember making a video putting
this in video actually probably over a
year ago so over a year ago we made a
video of me putting this battery in this
truck now it's time to change it doesn't
keep Stein so let's do a test go turn
the truck off and then wait for a second
and then trying to turn it right back on
again well test it but the last couple
times I tried to start this in the
garage I've had to jump it with mom and
turns fan because it's it's dad I think
I left the light on okay wait a second
wait a second look Omaha boy okay start
it again or try to work it work it's
been charging for a while I'm afraid if
we leave it overnight though it won't
start
remember last time possible so yeah
whatever a tough cool man mechanic has a
wrench
dirty strong hands the strawberry fresca
so delicious so healthy - all right
we're in a hurry because baby tar gets
out of out of gymnastics in five minutes
so this is like like I'm on a game show
like a reality show it's called
when when fat dudes the don't know how
to do mechanic work have to change a
battery in five minutes
oh that's the name of my reality show
all right go start it see if it works
you guys cross your fingers hopefully I
did it right new battery - relapsed hold
on I gotta I gotta tighten these a
little bit old battery out new battery
in I think what I need is some new
connectors the terminals that connect to
the batteries are really old and
corroded and I'm not getting a very good
contact on the battery so it's like you
got like loosen it up I'm just trying to
clean it out with a screwdriver I just
think I need new terminals that's man
talk get a teacher baby real Mayan talk
like man talk with Daddy cause you do
with your two tooth you do give me five
good firewood just change the battery
head high five good job as a mean Rock
card have to go pick up mommy because
she had to run because the battery
wasn't working so she had to run to go
get baby tard
because her gymnastics class is over so
mommy Tiran probably like three-quarters
of a mile to go pick up baby tard and
now there she is
how was your run so mad because the
roads are really slushy and there's cars
just splashing you they don't care can
you believe that baby tard your mom
saved you and I called you ran the whole
time running they're running
good your collar teacher she's like what
are you doing hey I'm a freak out so a
lot about Ryan wondering well where's
your van why don't you just take your
van
well the van is here at the window glass
place to get a new windshield because
it's crapped yes we are quite busy this
morning mr. Rock darn its bummed he's
like whoa do you think there's a lot of
excitement with all the excitement going
on he's so cute it doesn't expire till
2008 didn't my license inexpertly
2040 I was like I think it's cuz there's
so many probably the same in LA in big
cities they don't want people coming
back to the DMV so like you can drive
for the next 50 years but night oh no
there's like one person in line so I
wanted to come in every six months to
renew it he rocked our do you like this
song Hey
Rock darn do you like this song
like this song
you don't like this song why not
you don't like Rihanna you like her you
like rock card you like this song you
don't why not
oh no no what's my name
Rock chart doesn't agree he isn't like
the lyrics he says come on oh na na na
na na Rihanna couldn't do better than
that either that that is very picky in
this music selection is mr. dota frogs
on your feet
forget those bugs on your feet get them
poke their eyes out side them any garden
thanks for the help
oh they're the smartest baby in the
world my dad and I just looking out the
window
so my dad's in the drives here right now
and we're gonna sanyukta see them it's
know what I'm gonna do cuz right here
when he pulls out I'm gonna hit him with
a snowball okay got him well we finally
did it after all of you guys asking us
and complaining fix your windshield J
there it is a fresh new piece of glass
that we can drive on the road and have
people shoot rocks at what you think
maybe tar does look nice you look good
you excited we got a new window now we
can see out of it huh ami tardes home
from the grocery store what does that
mean
rally up the troops come on kids it's
out to the van we go we gotta start a a
line many hands make light work child
labor all the way move it move it move
it March it inside March it inside March
March March March March
you got the heavy ones had a kid
everyone inside take the sustenance to
the cupboards I'm gonna spank your butt
you better go Mike have two three one
I'll give you a three-second head start
ready I'm gonna count to three I'll let
you go run up there ready one two this
is one of those times would just be
easier for me to get the groceries
myself but that would be missing out on
a perfect teaching opportunity hey kids
when you get groceries you got to carry
them in from the house when you grow up
you'll have to do that as an adult until
you have kids then you can make the kids
do it yeah
Jade for children move it move it move
it move it move it mark mark mark mark
mark just because you can't walk doesn't
mean you can't carry groceries and young
man you get your butt out there right
now quit eating those little air stars
and get your butt out there and carry
some groceries in don't stick your
finger in the outlet mommy
hard rock tardes heaven washrag nachos
that your beard hey hey get the watch
right out of your face give me that give
me that no wash rag tacos for you what
do we having for dinner here prick to
start you can have rock cards leftovers
okay oh nice beard baby tard you look so
pretty in yellow I really like that
shirt how do you like it Oh mommy tard I
think we got a problem
we got a lady's man on our hands Rock
guards chillin out with the ladies
without a little ladies man on her hands
oh yeah look that one's naked oh boy
girls watch come get your Barbies that
button you play with Barbies oh no that
must mean these guys play with Barbies
you can see the comments now princess
Sarge just said done put this on the
Shaytards
action really I'm just kidding don't
believe me I'm just kidding
what are you sister talking about baby
dare don't have the words yet and
neither does daddy baby's dark don't
have the words yet we have baby talk but
I'm not gonna say them dude come here
godson tired beating people up over here
on the Xbox Kinect so I'm tired are you
doing oh that looks like a low blow
get them get them baby cries lose your
glasses lose your glasses put them on
those are so retro
hey I'm vlogging here they oh thanks for
the kisses
alright what are you doing a bike
contest what does that involve erase you
erase get your cousin's here the
presents come over to stay the night you
guys excited so you're gonna race that
alright I want to see you race it nice
helmet safety first
that hurt doesn't hurt does it this hurt
amongst the scattered debris amongst the
track picked the start steal away jizz
away through the racing history books as
she cruises on through to the other side
oh you almost forgot a pedestrian there
dude easy
oh stop just in time why are you putting
your racing shoes on there that is those
are my feet hurts shoes she wore for
Halloween once there he goes Oh watch
out for your brother don't trip pump
pump pump pump pump call around the back
stretch its put this hard in the lis as
she comes around watch out
they almost saying it over the top of
the ski hill you let me take it off yeah
why looks very nice on you that's a nice
helmet
oh you did it yourself you're a genius
give me five genius baby tard he's
trying to break out you'll serve 50 to
life in a maximum-security prison for
your cuteness crimes against society
with the sword it's a start who are
these guys that are here with us tonight
cousin how's it going there dudes and
they're gorgeous
your baby's crying baby tarts she laughs
at her crying Oh Brock tard you better
not break out of your prison I only got
six kids to take care of no big deal is
she sleeping why doesn't she close her
eyes that's kind of creepy does she
sleep with her eyes open why are you
sleeping in a mom and dad's room on the
floor um baby Turner's sleeping on the
floor that is so nice of you to let them
sleep in your bed you're so generous
you're so generous actually mommy tarda
made us so mami tardes sister yeah
you're sleeping in here in mom and dad's
room go get in bed I'm gonna kick your
butt we already did get in bed you did
to get in bed both you hey no I'm gonna
count to three and you better be in your
bed both of you I'm serious go one two
and a half three quarters
it's your butts in bed you little brats
why because yeah what does that tell you
I think that's true and the cameras on I
am a little bit more lenient because
when I turn it off by Spike it anyways
it guys explaining mommy tars the sister
just had another baby
yeah and little scream already got a
problem that's her anyway so we're
watching their other two kids for them
tonight robbed our deviously with the
girls
dad dad dad dad you saying Dada yes we
put the girls tonight he'll cry and wake
you up yeah you know if your mom will
let ya it's up to her we're trying to
teach him to sleep in his crib you want
to sleep with the girls tonight school
morning yeah you have the Chef's Kumar's
Ernie you got her cuddle buddy oh you
guys are so precious such precious
little babies who's that Carly's home oh
but I can see her through her son buddy
let's see if she's smoking crack you can
see you Carly we know if you're smoking
crack in your car we're watching she's
looking for her garage door opener
Prince start go down open the garage for
her hurry run fast she can't find it
she's looking everywhere where it's my
garage door opener how am I gonna get in
the garage I can't even open my garage
door I swear I put it right here I can't
keep track of anything watch she doesn't
look surprised but she hasn't even
noticed yet she's the garage doors
opening and she hasn't even noticed all
right all right
the end of the day all the kids are in
bed and the workout that I was gonna do
first thing this morning looks like it's
gonna happen
last thing this morning at least I see
last I was like okay first thing I do
when I get up is I'm gonna get on that
treadmill and do get my workout out of
the way and here it is 10:30 at night
and I'm just doing it now but I am at
least doing it
check out mami tarde got me she got me
the Pacific this was like a late
birthday present this is a directed by
Tom Hanks Steven Spielberg and Gary
Gottesman who doesn't love Carrie
Gottesman I know I do
I don't know we found this old TV that
was in our house that we haven't been
using and why are you laughing it's not
an old TV I wouldn't bought it I feel
guilty provided TV just so I can work
out because it wasn't having the laptop
down here I have my laptop down here if
you guys follow me on Twitter I tweeted
a picture of me working on my laptop to
their night was walking on the treadmill
but the laptop the speakers aren't loud
enough and they can't wear headphones
while I'm walking because they get all
sweaty and I just I want something that
I can watch and so I did a defense it
was on a big sale it was huge sale
practically for free is that funny that
I felt bad for going out and buying a
new TV watch it as I walk on the
treadmill I liked you guys in mommy's
forgive you like - anyways so I'm gonna
walk on the treadmill and watch this
thing whatever it is it's like a mini
series on HBO I think it's kind of like
Saving Private Ryan but it's like a TV
show that was on each feel like such a
likes wartime movies and jailed movie
jail movies and war movies I do I love I
don't know what I don't know what the
psyche is for why I do like it but I
just I always think like man look what
those guys had to go through like this
is this is real stuff people had to go
through so I always feel kind of
obligated that I'm like I should have to
watch this just have a little
understanding of what these dudes had to
go there not that that's like even
- representing you know what they went
through but we were like I don't like to
watch some like that cuz it's gory and
son like you should ever they should
have to watch your Saving Private Ryan
in my opinion it should be like required
curriculum to be United States citizen
anyways that's just my opinion
alright so I'm gonna walk on the
treadmill burn some calories and watch
this DVD uh thing I love you I'll see
you tomorrow
mommy tired any last words no I just
found it it's just in our storage shed
we haven't been using it actually
somebody pay yeah alright see you guys
tomorrow bye - dun sag oh hey what are
you doing I said goodbye
that means there's no we're talking no
we have to see some live action oh I'm
not no I'm sick by one thing I was
worried about is the audio cuz this
treadmill kinda gets loud let's see how
obviously John Adams on this
that's pretty good yeah I need to
stretch my glutes and the good thing is
you're all the way down here so
hopefully we complete I walked three
miles last night when I watch slash
jogged I'm not I'm not rushing it a
little at a time
maybe a little the time see what I'm
doing now it's better than what I was
doing just sitting on my butt
so now walk it off my butt usually going
like a 2% in flying at three and a half
miles an hour
do that for about thirty minutes and
then I jog about ten minutes and then do
a cool down and three with a two percent
incline something like that you know I
said I wasn't talking to you
