hi I'm login here and right over us
there we are flying over right the
middle of Rapids anyways I'm excited to
get home because
comic artist
us somewhere
it's literally redness I get off the
airplane
or meant for Iowa lives iowa right over
top of me right now place sucks mom to
go
basically as I'll and we're supposed to
be earlier today but because I
leaving later to value my 6 i'm excited
to do anyways I'm gonna today's vlog is
just gonna be some footage
walking around me work
the real reason why I missed my flight I
got a little sidetracked when I was in
am I left my hotel and I was gonna get a
taxi right to the airport but then I
found something that was entertaining to
me so that's the real reason why this is
my flight I I spent a little too much
time in New York of making this little
video that I'm going to show you guys
right now hopefully you enjoy it and I'm
excited
and to go wherever we're going
brightness was nice tomorrow
and I'll know where we're going for my
surprise birthday
that's great
shook it out these homies are out here
playing basketball that's cool hey guys
I got next I'm next I got winner fat
chubby bearded guys got the winner of
the next game all right here i am in
Chinatown in New York City you guys so I
have to go catch my flight right now and
I was walking down the road and I saw
this store and it was selling the one of
these scooters check it out 1995 for one
of these bad boys what do you guys think
I thought how fun would that be to buy
one of those scooters and to write it
down the road in Chinatown can you
imagine a grown man with a beard riding
a scooter down the street in chinatown
should i buy one what do you guys think
what do you think comment below comment
below should I get one should i get one
okay I got one check it out I just went
in there and spent twenty bucks for this
scooter and now I'm gonna write it down
the sidewalk I think it'll be fun I a
lot of weird looks okay get even more if
it wasn't weird enough that i'm holding
a camera out at arm's length going
myself this cops laughing now i'm gonna
be doing it alrighty to scooter
hopefully I don't die
okay here we go ooh oh he happy oh yeah
riding scooter ride the scooter and you
I don't look pick the weird tourists now
Oh cheap Oh jeepers I don't know what
will make me look like we're tourists
come ladies and gentlemen listen to the
zone you losing a tee right but do my
things wrong just a little bit some
story i'll tell davines go see LOL part
i'm still say
member
Oh
New York City's friendly hotel from the
washing and the right stuff Armando
there's a mighty man of people just a
man around i'll kick you in your room
and lock you in your down our times
a long way to the Golden Gate from the
rockefeller plaza de Empire State mr.
Rockefeller Center eisenberg Oh mr.
Empire never says a word are times in
tell me your town
yes up in the morning Jenna find each
other one kicks out of one place to get
peeping in a hurry got a lot of money
Nikki's up Mary if you only got a new
stepmother very hard times in city
Mr Hudson becomes just am sorry mr. menu
a baker's dream run to the city on a
one-way dragon head my way I'd send him
right back hard times
all right okay
ah
I was pretty sweet hi guys like you all
right don't worry Austin hey did you
guys think that was sweet I was awesome
yeah I was my best trick ever just me
and my scooter me and my scooter in the
street new york city you gotta love it
extreme scootering now I gotta find
something to give this thing too hey
guys you guys want a scooter you want a
scooter I'm done with it you guys can
have it if you want they just looked at
me like I was crazy why wouldn't you
want a free scooter seriously kids these
days so look at that Great Dane it's
malachi his friends that baby out so hey
big boy has a big dog that's so cool
people
i sat on a swing it's time to hail a
taxi me pick me pick me I need to go
somewhere new airplane germs
