hey I'm vlogging here say my dad doesn't
know how to work a camera
he's the camera noob hey we are with MAC
Cosmetics ignite anyways get ready to do
some pressed after vlogging entry and
I'm excited babe how you doing over
there did you do makeup done garbage
let's do it together
I know man look like a spa treatment
combos makeup we do this every morning
we like to get compass linking together
he's getting his nose contour gonna be
chinos car that's a good husband Cochran
together
hey hey hey go walk around New York babe
where we don't go to Park Hudson River
Park I don't know it by the river
defender here we go he is ready Rufus
you want to watch TV or go for a walk
last Rock go for a walk or watch TV hmm
hmm we can't do both Gavin tell the kids
let's go turn the TV off here we're
going hey could I bet you do
how much you got that will not be enough
to buy any American Girl doll stuff I do
have studios right now because he has
written oh yeah we owe you five dollars
because we use some of your money to tip
the guy huh
Tavia you look beautiful everybody in
the comments of yesterday's video were
raving about your outfit at the red
carpet
Bailey she gave it to you Bailey did the
cousin died in college
here's his daughter sister William let's
go play so what's been your experience
in New York City so far
ah it's great how many times you been
here this is your fourth time this is my
friend how many times this is my third
time you guys you know what you guys
were with me when we came and met Morgan
Spurlock for the first time and Miss
Piggy was there yeah remember Miss Piggy
was there that's the time - miss Hart
guys remember that that was for New York
ad we keep his leg rooming up and then
he was like I see some cute kid
black-eyed peas yeah yeah will.i.am we
walked through while will.i.am was doing
their warm-up anyways we've been to New
York a few times the kids they older
three we're here at the time that I met
Morgan Spurlock for the first time and
asked him to help us make this movie now
we just watched it last night so cool
okay so we're out here chilling hanging
there's a beautiful lady
I did
we're in New York at a store getting
treats getting snacks getting cool stuff
to eat now we're gonna go to a park and
run around the park but we're all
getting juices and coconut waters and
jerky and all kinds of fun stuff to eat
in New York yeah you got to talk like
you in New York in your new world that a
good New York accent hey I'm vlogging
here hey you're vlogging here yeah it's
like a guys look at these fresh flowers
fresh fruit as I smell yeah look at that
I love that almost every corner in New
York City you walk up to any corner are
you gonna find fresh fruit fresh flowers
fresh princess tarts chocolate not fresh
not good for you who made good choices
in there I mean would you get Gavin
that's good with some protein let's see
what kind of jerky good jerky what'd you
get give me some of what you got yeah
gummy bears chocolates
I'm liking the gummybear chocolate
combination y'all smell mmm everybody
smell we're doing a smelling session
where they called their cow flowers
Callie's Pharaoh
ready to color Lily room service
beautiful alright let's go to the park
it's easy
Pass
Gavin's found some friends
Oh
pass it here whoo-hoo kid Arabia nice
save by the goalie that was almost a red
card you almost got kicked out of the
game see you guys nice guys look at this
view look at me children you guys look
very handsome and pretty right now I
love you guys
how's that view where we going tomorrow
morning
wait oh yeah what I did promise Emmy
would go to the American Girl doll store
but then we're going to playlist live oh
really she's the girl of the year
Oh what dog hey I'm talking to your
brothers and sisters yeah it's like
three hours that's not that's not too
bad eh yeah you're an international man
of leisure oh yeah when you can't do one
two three you are today yeah that's
that's three seconds though that's good
that's different than three hours
anyways look at that - you drop on there
just throw it in there
that hair no such a blondie can
where'd you come from baby boy that's
good that's for you hey this is a cool
boardwalk all kinds of people running
exercising skateboarding snapchatting
walking picking up things off the ground
that are dirty all kinds of stuff's
going on down here
it's gorgeous though the Sun setting
people are just hanging out on the water
hunt accident are you having a good time
- Axton yeah I'm having a good time dad
this is awesome dad look at the camera
say I love you guys oh thanks high-five
oh yeah this is gorgeous
all right we're going somewhere else I
don't know where say dad the camera was
zoomed in the entire time you're doing
that look at the camera and say sorry
guys my dad doesn't know how to work a
oh say my dad doesn't know how to work a
camera so he's the camera noob say this
is an amazing opportunity look at the
camera say hi
yeah I was doomed in that whole thing oh
yeah forgot we got to the high five yeah
what's that there's two you see
him there's that boat you were talking
about right there
yes hey that's the boat look at that big
boat
what hmm that's it Bob so pretty all
right is you here to play look at all
those ships over there is that the
Freedom Tower babe the one with the
pointy things so pull the water City of
York
it's crazy place hey beautiful
whoa whoa circle gets pretty wild at our
house I mean at the grass in New York go
for it mess a mess eh I know I've heard
it all though okay the goal here is to
not let the ball go through the rails
into the water because it will be gone
forever
hey hop shove where's this guy running
the ball is not over there
just being a creep baby jumping over
stuff look at look at all the love he
gets so much love oh thanks we've had at
least three random people kick the ball
I think all these New Yorkers are dying
to play soccer
oh nice high kick babe you can stretch
it your stretchy exterior stretches
touch atone no look at you with the city
in the background this cool stuff very
gorgeous evening wait until the Sun
really hits the horizon and everything
turns pink her long-eared for treatment
he might be going in the water see ya I
told her if I threw in the ocean and she
down to the bottom of the ocean floor
that's when back up well don't tell her
that because she will do it our children
are not fearless they will do it
location Statue of Liberty right there
there we go there we go
is Miss Liberty herself I'm vlogging
there's still people on that rooftop
over there yeah them on the camera to
blame where see those three light
crosses in the building across in the
roof oh yeah I see them the plane look
like a beanbag or something New York New
Yo with Sprott spread in the news I'm
still learning the words thanks for
watching shake hey tides in New York
City yeah man hey guys thanks for
watching that was fun just chilling with
the family at the park the sunset and
the ocean and the you know it's great
just having those little moments thanks
for watching you were headed to playlist
live guys in Orlando Florida hopefully
we see some of you there hopefully some
of you leave a nice comment on this
video and leave us a nice thumbs up if
you wanna see what the Shaytards been I
do it every single day over the last
eight years click on those new merit
faces guys click on the mystery video
today please please it's the new Tough
Mudder video is up on the shaycarl
channel it's brand new it's really good
a lot of really cool GoPro footage go
check it out it's on the shaycarl
channel click on that mystery video
please please please click it click it
right now come on you can hear me I know
you can hear me you're like should I
click on it I don't know maybe I'll
click on it come on what do I got to do
what's brother gotta do to get you to
click on a link all right
I gotta go love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow click on the link bye
