you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just follow
because
new yo new yo look so this is my view
outside my hotel room this is my couch
this is the bed that I slept on I'm
about to head down to the Howcast
offices to have a meeting with them and
we're gonna brainstorm about some ideas
for this upcoming project I wanna be
working on with them and a General
Electric GE got a full day of meetings
hopefully I get some photo Jarell out to
dinner tonight so they may get some
footage then but yeah it's gonna be good
day check out this bathroom I freaking
love I tweeted about this I love this
tile me I could see myself when I could
granite for a living this was my
favorite marble I love this I always
told myself whenever I get a bathroom
that I told myself I'm gonna put this
all over it so I walked in my hotel room
I was like oh wait I love this tile it's
like my favorite of all time anyways
there's my messy bathroom I put a towel
on the floor I'm gonna get in trouble by
my mommy
there I am in New York City oh hey okay
the Cash Cab that can be the Cash Cab I
love that show comes on off after
American shoppers I'm walking right now
I went out of my hotel and I told the
bellman that I needed a taxi
I told where I'm going he goes you could
walk there's like four blocks and I was
like so New York they walk everywhere
best I'm like such a New York noob I'm
in New York and new look there's even
one of those things we have to push the
button to key called up like on Seinfeld
I really am kind of a New york-new this
is really cool
it's exciting everything so packed in
there I like it it's a brisk morning
that's good walking down town in New
York City I'm gonna get robbed with
somebody if they have a knife
they might rob me so I'm walking down to
a place to meet my doggy I don't think
this is so exciting it's like electric I
don't know why it's just it's cool that
everybody walks it out for every place
here if not like every place but people
walking around
people staring at me big time
I don't know why it just it feels
exciting to be in New York City and just
walking around and seeing all the people
I just like a looking everybody like Oh
everybody looks so interesting pretty
wears different clothes I'm really
showing my my Hickey Idaho nature I'm in
the big city and I'm like people are
walking dogs it was just weird like in a
big city I just don't expect to see dogs
and people are just like I'm taking
their dogs for a walk and look what
trash your trash everywhere
I guess trash guys come and pick it up
at night
I'm here on Houston Street I'm gonna
turn right on Houston to go anyways oh
look I can see the Empire State Building
off in the distance
yeah little blue and red having that's
the needle on top of the Empire State
Building which we want here we go hi how
is it down there Gary I would Jeff now
Cass we're going down in the subway
nervous hi sir
this actually isn't my first time in the
subway but it isn't my first time in the
last 11 years but I do have a gun in
case anybody wants to rob flatso throat
when I say go just push through that
metal already damn ready go
I made it I made it in this subway don't
leave me here chop chop - let me see you
bro you guys help me help me here's my
tour guide through the subway we're uh
we're headed to Times Square and a lot
of people looking at us Jeff you have to
get used to walking with a vlogger
exchange it's exciting I saw a faceplant
Oh can you carry me out of here with 12
stitches in my face
look Seurat we left very etherion om he
went around there there's nothing that's
Reggie that's Ricky the rat there was
Ricky the rat and I followed him under
the caution tape that's that's how
committed I had a little face I was like
I don't care if there's little tape I'm
gonna get film of a rat here we are in
the subway yes I see you're actually
coming up I see a ratatouille he's like
who wouldn't be retreat towards vlog
that's funny because it feels like rats
in the subway are like a cliche they're
not thoroughly yeah that's that's true
they stereotypes happen for a reason
there are rats in the subway I've seen
14 and I believe it down we'll have 12
I've been here for 12 seconds and I've
seen a lot of rats well in fairness a
lot of hair gums
the other side
I think there's a lack of a daily
vlogger that lives in New York City but
there's a lot of cool things to see her
like a daily blogger
yeah like a daily vlogger could live
here in the New York subway system and
do pretty well so who out there lives in
New York you should make a daily vlog as
you live in the subway system try it
that was like a steel train that was the
train that carries the like oh the
tracks yeah yeah yeah and the sailor
that he was a steel train thankfully
Geoffrey pulled me back because I got a
little too close and he grabbed me but
it was exciting that was like an episode
of touching my thank you so much you
saved my life thank you
we're getting on the D train the other
train or subway I think we can take he's
listening to see if this is the correct
okay does this go to the x squared Y is
no deaths no nobody goes to because the
42nd Street yeah will be closed
yeah right fine yeah cool thank you
from here I'm from Idaho so I don't know
we can't get there from Idaho we're
gonna do something we're not supposed to
do which makes excited writing or moving
the three cars is prohibited
oh wait this might not be able it's
locked yeah the story is low you know
why I think we're towards the end
another see you guys so we couldn't go
to tweet cars back there because that
was the caboose and my target Jeffrey
says you're not really supposed to go in
between cars or you can I remember
ghosts
they didn't ghosts they might have you
know a lot so apparently
a sticker
our car in the subway writing or moving
between cars is prohibited and I
remember just a couple years ago and it
be together Sunday night myself walking
image with these cars
apparently they lock the doors ugly for
good reason this car that we're on right
now
underground that basically read
that's why it's called a subway what is
this thing - except for this now when we
learn unless you have this little
vibrator you really want a few a blog
from me there's the blocking from the
jail
it seems so tempting though just I know
it's pretty amazing that it's just
hanging there will that stop the entire
subway I think so I mean I've never it's
like a giant red handle this is
emergency brake this is pray almost
every situation do not pull B do not
pull the emergency cord do not pull the
emergency cord in extreme situations
obviously that's them that's where
Carson Daly used to be back that's where
you you store so here we are in Times
Square
hello is Jerry Seinfeld around here yes
he's right up there waiting for us on a
chair okay good dance over there he
waits for Kramer wait Ross that's
another thing that I've learned walking
around here is like I just I found that
I don't really watch the lights I just
follow the people like as soon as
somebody starts walking like I'm just
gonna follow them for this I mean I
assume they know the light we are all
are the barest suggestion right across
yeah that's what I've learned cuz people
walk even when it says don't walk
so I just follow the people that's right
I think what people follower the most
surprising thing that could possibly
happen to you in Manhattan is to get
stopped by cop for jaywalking you would
be like because I when I was coming to
your guys's offices I was really worried
cuz I was like I get across the street
right here but I think I need to walk up
into the intersection there's cops right
now there's the Popo there's a little
bit of it for The Times Square please oh
that's it right there it's so light here
sorry right
it is and feels it does it feels like a
date I'm I'm having a blast
it's really cool
I gave him five bucks I am five bucks so
I think you did an extra well look at
look at this all these electronics iPads
iPods computers tablets everything you
need July I'm a noob I am a New York
noob and it's exciting to be down here
it's electrifyin was that race that row
place Road Dogg they have everything
under the Sun for sale down here so
hurry dad's you're on camera
when are you gonna be in Times Square
again come on these guys are right up
there Sam okay dad's I'm watching
nobody's dancing oh look at that girl so
this group of people right here up on
the big screen
is this a groupie for air okay hi guys
okay listen I'm gonna I'm gonna film the
screen you guys have to dance ready you
ready ready go oh it changed its I'm
sorry that was your big moment but we
lost it all right love you guys bye see
you later
that was the big moment but right when I
I went when I put the camera on the big
screen that changed for some reason
wait see me look look okay move hot
chick that's me right there see me
that's me see my arm hip-hop hooray ho
right there see me move you're in my way
get your fat lips out of the way shut up
no one cares about you look I'm right
there hello who cares about the hot
chick everybody likes being on the big
screen it's exciting we all like to be I
keep looking I'm like it's cool look at
me I'm on a big screen in Times Square
Oh
the chicks keep getting away it's
ridiculous I'm right behind her giant
butt wait wait I'm gonna move over here
the ramp see me see me look at me that's
me right there
anyways it's way fun down here it's
almost like a never-ending party
basically it's it's midnight and all
these people are here everybody's having
a good time and I've got to take a taxi
back to the hotel so I gotta head back
to Idaho tomorrow but I thought I could
hang out here all day long it's that fun
like there's people a week and all hours
of the night it's a lot of fun oh snap
I'm gonna get run over okay bye and then
I wanted to go see like my all-time
favorite show Phantom of the Opera but
didn't have enough money so I totally
mugged his fat blue lady who was wasting
water all over the street and out of
nowhere Batman came out I was trying to
apprehend me but luckily I raced away on
my pack of super fast speed getaway
sheep and then I'm totally met like this
totally cool police officer and we're so
BFFs for life ah New York is awesome
