to catch up the print to start where are
we and what did you bring to the airport
special why did you bring because what
happened last time we came here I didn't
have any my wall how to give them to you
if I had some that's a so every time we
come they come to drop daddy off at the
airport they always want to play the
video games and we never have any
quarters
so Prince is tired specifically this
morning knew that we were coming to the
airport so she went where did she get
the quarters out of the jar oh really
where'd you get them she stole him from
mom and dad's so she could play the
video games
mommy tards looking pretty in yellow so
baby tard how pretty do you think your
mom is how beautiful you think she's
pitiful think she's beautiful she's
super beautiful huh she calls it pity
pity you I pity the fool all right let's
go to the airport daddy's going to New
York today wait it's a start
where's daddy going today Airport right
she calls it you narc
but adventures dad are we going to you
norc with you know maybe at the end of
March you will be but because we're
gonna be at playlist live at the end of
March and then after playlist night
we're gonna fly to New York to you nor
excited you nor good job what are you
gonna film what are you gonna film you
guys gonna start your own channel yep
what are you gonna call it what are you
gonna call your YouTube channel princess
princess darn cute or not don't so that
one press the star key like cats and
jeez that's a good one since if you
heard it princess start a new YouTube
channel and be princess tarji like cats
hey look there's the ball right there
there's your pinball pull that spring
really fast and shoot it did you get it
okay get ready
where's the ball
oh look it never even made it out of the
track there you go all right you're
ready there it is nice shot I like your
technique there for the start like the
technique what are we doing crazy man we
playing the video games aren't sort of
play okay baby girl wants to play good
Chuck I think it's funny that there's a
pinball machine with Shaquille O'Neal at
a tiny little airport in southeastern
Idaho and the beautiful woman named mami
tarde is playing with his balls balls
almost 31 years old
we are immature tell me oh you guys do
you know what we're doing for my
birthday yeah
they know do they know we're doing
daddy's birthday so I have to go to New
York for three days and then when I come
back mommy time
big birthday is a big what is it you
don't know she has no idea what it is
Jessop they planned for my birthday / 2
years vlogging right that's um it's a
big date two years vlogging it's pretty
big so she won't tell me what the
surprise is so in three days I'll find
out what how far away are you
see ya have fun in New York travel oh
sorry
come here here I'll get him for you what
are you gonna do in New York
All Right see ya know what's so funny as
I honestly think she would just get on
the plane and go I think she would yeah
there's our little girl flying off to
the Big Apple bye call us when you land
okay
that's hilarious
here we go again leaving on my little
jet plane
off to New York company cleans my touch
now so many actually I think I've
written that written this same plane
probably like 30 times
all right we have an escalator where we
have stairs which one making healthy
choices I won't be bad later in my life
 up the stairs not using modern
technology just my legs my god gave me
thank you very much it's not like
airport answer some questions because
it's kind of intimidating because
there's a lot of people around me right
now there's probably at least 50 people
staring at me right now this very moment
look that kid just looked at me there's
a ton of people staring right at me but
the key is to realize that there's more
people that are actually watching this
video that aren't here alive so you
gotta focus in on those fingers and set
up the 50 to 300 people that are staring
at a meeting pretty funny as I'm talking
to this camera it's a little tip from
icarly on how to vlog in public good
luck to you
it's 447 in the morning and I think
that's the date to 29 it's not a leap
your silly clock hey guys hey Carl err
you're laying in bed with me now um yeah
that's so stupid I have a meeting
tomorrow with GE at 11:00 and it's
almost 5:00 in the morning
am I in here and I can't go to sleep I
don't think I've ever flogged in bed
before I think I did once with mommy
tired do you remember that that was a
long time ago I was on the shaycarl
channel it's like a seven minute video
of me and mom mommy tired just talking
in bed and it was totally dark because
it anyways I just got done watching 127
hours and in my hotel room and that show
is awesome I think that show is a
hundred and twenty seven percent better
than the King's Speech I think it should
have won I don't know if I should have
won for best movie but it was definitely
better in The King's Speech and and
better I mean what I mean by that is
that it made you feel more I feel like
watching 127 hours changed my life way
more than the King's Speech King speech
was good but it didn't deserve the
Academy Award I don't think anyways the
story of Aron Ralston stuck in the
canyons of southern Utah this arm if you
guys don't know what I'm talking about
it's a story about this guy who got
stuck in a canyon with a boulder on his
arm for five or six days 127 hours to
the math anyways he had to cut his arm
off he'd amputate his arm and free
himself from the boulder and I just got
done watching the movie and then I
wouldn't watch the hour and a half
special on YouTube of Tom Brokaw
interviewing this guy I can't stop
thinking about it and just I'm laying
here in bed and it just is crazy it
makes me question myself like if I could
you know if I could survive something
like that and it's it's it sounds creepy
what I think it
say it but I almost want to have
something like that happen like as soon
as I see that those words leave my mouth
I'm like shut up J don't say that don't
wish for something like that you know
you'd better better be careful what you
wish for
lest it becomes true I do if I'm totally
honest with myself I feel like I want
something like that to happen to me
because I want to prove myself I want to
see how I would react in that kind of a
situation because I don't think you ever
know and tell you're in that situation
like I always tell myself you know I've
talked to you guys about the Genevieve
complex where you know somebody who's
being attacked and you know that's like
punch a crowd of people will just stand
around and not help because everybody
thinks if somebody else will do
something I've always told myself if I'm
ever in a situation like that I'm gonna
do something so I see movies like that I
think when is my experience like that
gonna happen and then it like it does it
freaks me out like Shh shut up with the
hoping for that because it's gonna
happen it's gonna be really hard but I
do I feel like I almost need something
like that in my life sometimes to just
to wake you up almost to see like it's
like I'm booked I don't know it's it's
just it's something I'm with on my mind
and as I'm laying here in my hotel room
in New York City the sounds of the city
outside are also not helping me sleep
people are yelling cuss words in the
alley and it's it's like on the movie
big what topics had to stay a bit
you remember big with Tom eggs he had to
stay in his first night in in New York
in his own apartment and he heard a
gunshot and he's like laying there on
that like pee-stained mattress with like
like one sheet and he's crying I feel
like that even though I'm in a really
plush king-size bed with marble tile
dripping throughout the bathroom anyways
today has been a crazy day and I'm gonna
go to sleep I'm gonna try to get some
sleep
the reason I'm here is I have some
meetings tomorrow with General Electric
gonna be working with their Howcast team
on the Eco imagination eco imagination
it's actually gonna require me to travel
quite a bit in the month of March but
it's a pretty it's a pretty good deal
and I like I like you know what it's
about
yeah I'm gonna really I can't tell you
guys yet but I'm gonna go see some
really cool things and make some cool
videos about it and the family's gonna
come with me on some of them anyways
thanks for listening to my midnight my
five in the morning
New York ramblings as I'm laying here in
bed I'll see you guys tomorrow
