you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax follow along
Bing shakes as
just because
for you
this chart is my doctor and she's going
to diagnose me I'm ready doctor what's
wrong with me oh my goodness you can eat
a lot of chocolate cake if anything a
lot of chocolate Kenny yeah a hundred
that's true oh my goodness you need a
lot of fancy I did a lot of fixing what
what do I need fix what what could I do
oh well we got it your brain out and put
a new one in because it's old and that
will make the chocolate cake go on it to
make it to make her die whoa that sounds
like an extensive surgery your that you
guys if you eat too much chocolate cake
you're gonna have to get your brain out
and get a new one
that's scary don't eat any more
chocolate cake okay guys stop right now
no more chocolate cake what else doctor
oh my guess you ate a lot of you ate a
lot of sugar a lot of sugar yeah oh
you're gonna need fixed tonight I'm
gonna need fixed what should I do
Michael my giddiness oh well we'll we
have to we have to your brain out my
brain out I'm your and remember the
first time you told me that was wrong
with me
yeah cut what can you hear inside of my
body a lot of peope beep a lot of
beeping yeah that's mean do a much talk
just me wait if you have a lot of
beeping then that means you ain't too
much chocolate cake
Luther say I have a lot of beeping and I
ate too much chocolate cake and now my
brain has to be replaced oh now you'll
be smarter Oh doctor you're gonna get
beeped out your shoes head to a
struggling cake yeah
I'm her patient she's going to diagnose
me doctor probably gonna need to fix all
of us after this start
I need a diagnosis whoa you know what
I've taught me a pig here come your pig
okay ready
he likes to eat the back of his chair
it's fun and squishy guys there's three
deer in the middle of the road up here
we're trying to sneak up on him check
this out
okay they're so pretty good crap they're
beautiful look they'll they left off
behind where did it go look unison don't
hit it I'm not gonna hit it oh you're so
pretty
look it's looking at you me I love you
you're beautiful
it is the face of lesson like we're
gonna go this way
how do you like here see yes I see you
he's sad because as other to the other
way he's going up in the bushes I know
that was meme baby card is your mom and
dad married or not married are we
married or not we are married son tired
are me and mom married or boyfriend and
girlfriend are we married or boyfriend
and girlfriend / to start and we're
girlfriend and girlfriend
we're married and we're girlfriend and
girlfriend some of you like last night
in the vlog of Mommy tart said boyfriend
can do cookies in his minivan some of
you like I thought you guys were married
you're not married we are married we're
just easing around you don't have to
take everything we say as literal we
joke around too sometimes guys when I
call her my girlfriend it's because she
is my girlfriend but she also is my wife
of a year's a long agonizing years I put
a ring on it
I definitely when ring on it
Oh
does that answer the question we're
married I was great dancing ometer I'm
trying to see my beyond candidate action
nice ladies nicely is I was good yeah
it's a baby tart that fun what are you
waiting waiting some Jim Jones I got the
vegetarian and I'm drinking the water
they're drinking lemonade put the cookie
Hey
nice dancing
when are you gonna get married never
why aren't you get married you don't
have a babies it will hurt they'll give
you medicine for it so it doesn't hurt
as bad is that her mom doesn't hurt that
bad yes it does what you got there mami
tarde she fought Oh smelly I'm a
ballerina out on the floor we're
supposed to be throwing balls not
dancing around like someone who likes
balls yes baby mom were dancing
okay come get your shoes on come on come
on ballerinas compete your shoes on oh
so pretty so pretty I love it
Oh get your shoes on ballerina girl no
okay you guys ready okay here's how the
lineup goes it's pea tizzle baby t-money
son dizzy and Coupe de Ville that's the
order
princess start baby tard son tard Cooper
that's how we're bowling you got it yeah
all right okay princess art your peach
is also your first okay all right let's
go
sistent is always given from the sister
there it goes slowly but surely down the
lane there goes baby tard
there goes the pit to start help you oh
you got three pins good job no you're
after Sun card I feel like I could be a
good bowler but I've just never bowled
with a ball that like felt good because
my fingers are big and fat oh jeez our
kids are gonna break the bowling alley
so when every ball that I get is like 20
pounds and they're like all the grip is
never right I want to get a custom balls
like made specifically for my hands and
then I think that could be a pretty good
bowler I'm gonna try my best to get my
highest score tonight and I got a nine
so far so let's see how well I can do
how did you get a weird feeling did you
get reviews err this is full-contact
bowling what are you doing baby targe
alright grandpa watch out I might tackle
you get it get it Monday nice shot tough
guy here we go shaycarl I don't get a
strike right here I'll cut my right arm
watch alright hey good idea
all right right arm there we go I'm
gonna pick up a spare right here I don't
pick up the spare fit think of something
not more reasonable he's gonna spit it
watch out who's over here just
entertaining themselves kicking his legs
you having fun
you have fun at the bowling alley yeah
yarn I got him he's excited she
approaches the lane with her ball there
it goes slow and easy wins the race
oh great sundered starting throw the
girls
do it again see how I feel now
Carly can you teach your kid how to bowl
you got a gutter ball when there's
gutters up protecting it all right he
gets a little Cooper go get it go get it
I didn't get it on camera but Cooper ran
like halfway down the aisle to go grab
this box wanted to throw it harder see
how I did I just climbed Everest a
hundred and twenty-five points it's not
very good but it's not too bad either oh
no I got 131 Shay 131 Carly 73 and then
these losers to do as good as me what'd
you get you have 122 I got 131 yes just
barely beat you good game dude good job
crud I'm not sure if you saw the score I
got 131 so just go ahead try to beat
that
I want my promise
oh one left over what is your highest
scores
what biased Boyd score you've never
gotten that's now the tomatoes are
supposed to go who did that
I do not do it who's to blame who do we
point the finger at Prince is tard is it
your fault okay punish yourself punch
yourself in the face three times that
was that was two slaps in a punch you
need to do yourself two more punches did
I hurt all right oh you're not a very
good fighter then self-inflicted child
abuse is a bad that I can really get a
kick out of that all right this is baby
tard doing her best impression of me
what do you think rock stars don't act
like that do I
hey what's your name chase Hertz
vlogging she goes give me the Hat I want
to be the Shaytards you feel sad put
your head on me I want to be the
Shaytards four to start let's see your
best impression of me your shaycarl now
yeah that what I do
