the devastating aftermath of a child
hurricane I can see this telltale signs
of a princess card and that baby tart
run amok through the basement I'm in the
basement today because we got the
treadmill down here that's just been
sitting down here so I figure let's get
this thing up and running so Daddy tard
can get his fat butt in gear so there it
is I got it set up they need to get an
extension cord because that's the only
plug over there but I want to set it
here by the window so I can look out the
window as I tread on my mill all right
baby back on on the track let's get back
on the straight and narrow there we go
1.2 miles an hour how much weight can I
lose doing this so I just made a
straight loss video I am still down I
was so sick for the last week and a half
or whatever that I just really couldn't
focus too much on the the exercise
that's kind of an excuse let's be honest
it's a little bit of an excuse but I am
refreshed recycled re ready to go and
I'm still down I've still lost eleven
point two pounds so that's not bad it's
all about just continuing on right ah so
sick of hearing me say those words
anyways I'm gonna get this treadmill up
while it is up and running right now I'm
walking on it but I'm just gonna try to
get in front that window so I'm a better
view instead of looking at this trash
hole through this place toys and just
crap everywhere yes princess tard I'm
looking at you psycho I swear not to
scream or yell
clean up the houses and not be crazy
head to the square what baby
do not get into my makeup cuz you did
she said that twice today thinking a
makeup looking looking a hot mami tarde
let's see it
I like the crimped hair style are we
taking rock art with us you look pretty
pretty hot very hot and tempting what
they're made out of beavers
I think they're made out of some sandy
material because and every time I go
somewhere in these boots I walk around
there's go to the beach you picking your
nose stop it I'm gonna cut your nose
how's it going okay did you trip is
Carly coming with us what are you
driving yeah why don't you come with us
oh really
Carly Maria don't that's it I want to
break up with you the chilies ok don't
record I you're not taking care of your
kid if you do how's it going everybody
my name is Shay Carl it's nice to meet
you
this is the first video you've ever
watched of me well welcome onboard
ready here you've just signed up for a
wild wet and wild ride I've called my
life with shaycarl first of first of
these many wild rides I'm gonna teach
you how to make a spherical frozen
object it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas it's beginning to look a lot
lets us know about you I hate you
I dare you to throw at me loser okay you
ready
we're gonna do a weather test I can tell
you right now what it's snowing let's
see your sister your hair looks so
pretty
or you go and loser okay so this is what
we're gonna do we're looking at the
windshield right now so here it is it's
pretty clean we're gonna go into the
movie and then we come out we're gonna
see how deep it is okay it's coming down
pretty good but I'm thinking like a half
inch maybe let's see you slide on your
fuse more clean it's pretty good slide
okay let's go to the movies come on
dates the movies let's go see the stars
cops and robbers
oh all right we just got done we saw the
King's Speech with Geoffrey Rush and the
other guy the other guy did you like it
yeah that was good it was good I never
got totally into it if I can end it
sooner that's good that's good do you
want to that's like flogging arm do not
take all my vlogging arm I'm a my
dexterous ambidextrous I'm kind of
disappointed it stops no II look at our
weather experiment there's only a light
Oh No
there's only a light skiffle on the van
it's a skiffle that's a real
astrological term of measurement a
skiffle let us know hopefully the car
starts lon we've let the battery die on
this thing like five times still working
oh honey look a wide open parking lot
full of snow what should we do you know
what because this is a front-wheel drive
it's easier to do a cookie in Reverse um
no I'm not no I'm not no I'm not film
out fill out the front window I am
filming Ted some of the furniture all
right here we go
am i doing it right guys ready one two
three
oh hey hop out real quick and tell me
dude oh come on I'll be fun only show
these guys my sweet tricks fine we have
to show you guys is sweet tricks I
figured as far away as don't hit me this
is a really bad idea I don't know why I
listen I like it better out here it's
cool that was dude I was impressed I was
like what your boyfriend does tricks in
his car
my boyfriend could totally do cookie as
minivans after our dates usually does
them makes me get out and film
