we and just because his life
bring it
I'm walking here not it babe did you say
the tape yes you guys wanna know
something cool
hey yours remember that movie wasn't saw
last night what movie was it just the
paper never says never you guys know you
guys remember his friend in the movie
Chaz summers you remember him he was
remember when they're talking about
everyone Justin was at his house was
Grandma and Grandpa's house and he was
talking about his grandpa's like Fox and
they were throwing a ball and they
knocked off the leg of it remember that
and he said they blamed it on Chaz
remember that guy he just tweeted me on
Twitter
what's up that's respect best respect
shake on the house no just his friends
friend it okay so here's what we're
doing so dark what are we doing you the
gun you're going to go fire semangat
issue out in the snowstorm but first we
need to target so when we got a centaur
just BB gun for Christmas that came with
some of DS of the top target so we're
going to take an empty Lucky Charms box
who ate all these pizzas dogs that young
you okay Tom the whole book you know I
like to Lucky Charms Joey time
oh yeah what are they to in either case
they pick out the marshmallows are you
serious what they do with them all I
think like gold hockey's I'd like it's
gold it's like he's a rummage through
these I wouldn't allow them to do it if
they were having a tea party but they
were having a tea party
but since mommy tarde loves tea parties
that she allows it to happen okay so
here's what we're doing where the tape
go thank you put starred we're going to
tape one of these targets on a Lucky
Charms box and we're going to go out
we're going to shoot this out of it
myself in my head adjectives we're going
to shoot the marshmallows out of
which princes heart already did their
big fat mouth in the box okay so look
check it out guys
now we can set this box up and then
whoever gets closest to the black wins
okay and we're all gonna get one shot
all right even mommy tard
all one two three four five of us rocked
hard cat to beat because he sees under
two feet tall that's right because
you're going to shoot two
everyone's going to shoot the gun and
when I take turns and whoever's closest
to the black dot wins Kay oh you have to
hit the target but the closest to the
black dot is the winner
okay yes we will because listen every
time after somebody shoots we're going
to get a pin and we're gonna put a
little mark rim put their initials so if
you shoot and you hit right here where
you're gonna be in the right PT next to
that dot which will mean princess tart
and whoever has the closest top wins a
prize k here's why I do it
you guys won every contest yes any time
what you grandma Gemma
oh the scope no this is just three sites
we're not using the scope we're just
gonna use the site here so this site
that's the free site gift aim right down
that side okay guys ready yeah all right
let's go outside it's the first annual
Shaytards shoot off who's excited
whoo siren yeah when I was just down
there getting gas it was pretty crazy it
was like really slippery ting all the
cars were sliding all over some wonder
if there's a lot of accents okay can you
see this yes see it okay guys so listen
everybody listen this is the target
everybody gets one shot from the deck
the closest to hit the little black dot
wins okay no mark I have a pen right
here will mark after everybody shoots
somebody ready every understand the
ruling green eye Hey yeah yeah what-mon
turd
yes I said we're ready let's go here we
go oh I don't know what do you thinks
fair you think guys are cold okay baby
tard you're first she just say her hands
are cold
yeah she picks up a bunch of snow you
okay baby Todd you ready yeah daddy's
gonna help you I'm gonna help you you
need to shoot that box down okay come on
it's not loud it doesn't kick daddy's
gonna help you okay all right here we go
I know come on hold on hold on they
don't shoot yet okay keep your finger
off the trigger you're off the trigger
go ahead right here watch out centered
not yet little hand right here okay on
the count of three ready put your finger
on the trigger okay hold on don't shoot
yet let's aim okay ready one two three
pull
oh wait it's unsafe do my business
thank you cursing you're not yet hold on
let me help you not yet not yet ready
one two three shoot
okay we gotta go check we're ghosts yes
oh nice
nice job baby tard yeah okay look I'm
gonna put a little line little line with
your initial now spread to start
that'll be my turn that'll be Bobby
Tarts
bTW where is it show us what your finger
where it is yeah see that that's where
you hid it
okay ready how do you just show us where
it is right there Dubrow that's really
close to the very top okay baby turns
print starts next let's go B listen
here's how you aim you see this site you
have to imagine a straight line going
from here through this site and see that
little see that little white thing right
there you have to put that right on the
target where you want to shoot you have
to line it up through this little this
little notch and the site to that little
white thing you put as it pretend it's
like a straight line okay going right to
where you want to shoot same she just
looked it like the gonna okay so aim
very carefully point it right where you
want to hit in the middle of that black
circle and pull the trigger when you're
ready it's ready to fire did you hit it
let's go look
did she miss yeah I didn't think I heard
anything she didn't hit the box either
look on the box really closely do you
see any holes in the box
see anything close big return oh dang it
you missed it okay no everybody gets one
shot I'll help you I kind of helped baby
tart a little bit so I'll help you shoot
again can't burns to start all right son
tard you ready yes you nervous dude if
your if your little three-year-old
sister beats you that's gonna be pretty
embarrassing I know well daddy daddy is
pretty like Deadeye Sam okay you ready
okay here you go
okay the gun is ready to fire you ready
dude whenever you're ready to fire aim
as carefully as you can and fire
whenever you're ready
did you get it oh thanks okay let's go
check it out
where'd you get it
where did you hit him he hit yet on the
target right here he hit right there you
see it oh not as close as baby tired
David argh you're in the lead dude nice
go punch your brother the stomach that's
not a good idea
I can't hide it injury oh yeah dude okay
puppet argh
oh yeah I'm ready you know flutter can
you do it uh I don't think I've ever
shot a BB gun ever
nope all right come on all right mommy
tard you know how to aim I think the gun
is ready to fire the safety is off get
that up in your shoulder dude get that
tighten your shoulder aim as close as
you can look down the barrel and fire
when you're ready
ooh that sounded good did you hit it
where'd you hit it I did well I aim for
the target okay come on we gotta go look
Oh okay so here's here's baby tard
here's son tard that's mommy turd right
there baby tarts the clothes is so far
Prince's tard she missed the box all
right so this one is gonna be empty for
mommy tart alright so the challenge is
up to me there's mommy tard
there's son tart and there's baby tard
if I don't do better than them then I am
a failure as a father I'm a failure as a
man and as a provider to my family all
right let's see how good daddy can do
now do you know how to aim that honey
huh do you know how to do it I really
happen to be embarrassing like what -
the box
well I remember I've been shooting BB
guns ever since I was 8 aiming up my
little brother Casey alright that's a
great target sniper is my pen is guarded
you beat me I'm gonna shoot it above
this thing no you're not I do SunGard
you've been pretty bad oh where did you
I was a low right here daddy tard goes
low baby there's one baby tard
you're the winner dude give me five
let's go get your sheep Oh our winner
this the marksman of the our baby
targets closer to the black dot than
anybody let me kiss let's shine yeah
yeah I get one second best what was that
uh that girl who used to shoot uh what's
the one lady Cloughley Jane somebody
Jane you're like the new sniper of the
West you're got my black ops team I call
okay
good job dude look how good you did
let's take it up and check it out so
here we are baby tard is in the target
Sun tard top left
mommy tard over here to the left and
shaycarl so who won out of the three of
us well baby I think I let's see this
line I think it's baby tarts first
daddy's second then son tard
then mommy tard then princess tard
everybody let's get our hand in here
let's do a cheer cheer let's say let's
say shooting stuff as a family on three
ready one two three
shooting show us where you hit baby tard
right there
good shot how do you feel the year the
winner excited Oh excited that you won
they beat hard so wait what's the treat
baby charge what do you want as a treat
okay you won what do you get you get a
treat so what do you want a chocolate oh
I should have No all right come on Davey
tart get some chocolate depends if the
your sister shares with you all right
let's go inside it's freezing out here
all right everybody it's time to get
serious we have some real manly manly
men men testosterone testicle tough
beard you're the cameraman
all right yes I am
I'm British I just lost it there for a
minute so we are going to uh so we are
going to uh ah yes no blow that's what
we're gonna do we're gonna clean off a
driveway you guys ready let's do this
this is obviously the snow area if you
guys that know this white portion is the
snow area and then this is the garage
area there's there's a very definite
line as you can see there's a snowy and
a non snowy area and this is the machine
that's gonna do the work
then not part of the sole ownership
you better
Oh
very nice
ah this is what happens when you're
hanging out with shaycarl and snow do
you see this it's actually melted time
but I'm all covered in snow and you guys
you guys hurt you here let's fix it
ah you look great
