you are now watching the Shaykh says the
TSA does where the school family and us
because
I'm walking here okay are you above me
are you Buffy
Kimmy Kimmy you gonna ride him put to
start why not
that thumbs up yeah but to start let's
see your ID him okay let's see your ID
him get on top of him slow slow okay
come here
come he knows not to jump up he's such a
good boy okay
Kimmy Boop oh you're such a good doggie
you know better than that huh he's done
that a few times hurry she's jumped up
and three on the kids and it's a it's a
four before a drop-off of a three foot
dog to fall for a little deal of Malachi
is he such a good boy give me kiss give
him kisses you don't want to kiss him
was he stinky dog kiss his lips he
doesn't have hair on his lips you won't
kiss Malachi after all he's done for you
in his life what why why do you kiss him
there
thank you
sit go boy there's a good pup shrink
gonna trick her go puppy her go puppy oh
thank you me give me okay come on oh
there he goes off to his corner hey you
got some requests people want to see on
the vlog more often so do something
funny I want to sleep in my own asleep
in my room you love him give him tight
squeezes he's a good doggy
you know print to start that we've had
him for the longest we had him before we
had you even we had him before we even
had son tart can you believe it he's our
first son he's our first baby boy baby
tart and I are just out running some
errands we just dropped off Princess
hard to her
it's class and we went to the bank and
as soon as I walked in the biggest
started talking about the video that we
made last time where remember in front
of the bank where I was doing the worm
and some tard was dancing I didn't even
realize this but we ended up going to
another bank after that to start
checking or savings accounts for our
kids if they were laughing about that
said whoever was our teller got in
trouble that day because they didn't
start his 50s accounts for us anyway I
thought it was really funny I know a
couple of the girls that work there
personally just from knowing them from
around town and then I have you know
relationships with all of them for the
bank so I feel like every time I go to
the bank it's like I'm hanging out with
all my friends it's so funny that's the
way I should be banking should be a
friendly friendship event right hey what
are you doing a soccer
that's baby cards favorite thing about
the bank as she always gets a sucker how
do you feel about not being in
gymnastics with Princess hard I do you
do know you're in your own gymnastics
class now it was like she is such a
sweet sister
at first she was really excited to have
her own gymnastics class and know she
was I want my sister with me she misses
her when she's not in class with her so
I think that's really precious anyways
we are gonna go buy some vacuum bags and
go pick up son tard
because he went rollerskating after
school today he was so excited all day
yesterday he was like mom don't forget
I'm gonna roller skating after school
mom don't forget I'm going roller
skating after school mom don't forget so
I only had to say son heart I know
you're going rollerskating after school
okay we're good I forgot to show you
rock tart is with us too
you see that baby tard what is that
he's on a thing where's his feet it's
down yeah what's he called on guerilla
like umbrella ella ella eh eh eh
so hey he say go Ella are you a gorilla
you're my little gorilla huh yeah he's
not actually he is what are you a nun
girl das guys it's Unger ILDA that's
what it is
yep that's a beautiful and gorilla
centaur just got back from an exciting
field trip where did you go you hit
rollerskating what are you doing like
freaking drinks as big as your head is
this water daddy wants water that's
healthier for daddy what is it Oh
lemonade
what's better than coke I guess it's
light oh I thought you said white I was
like what's white okay so let's light
calorie lemonade so what did you do did
you hold any girl's hands don't lie to
me dude I did did you hold any girl's
hands while you skated did they do that
thing where they turn the lights off and
the boys get on one side and the girls
get on one side no didn't do that I
don't back in my day we used to go
roller skating then turn all the lights
off and all the boys would get on one
wall and all the girls would get on one
wall was it all your whole school was it
like sixth graders and everything
six papers and some second moves so it's
basically your whole school then right
well I mean but everybody could go they
wanted to go yeah I totally remember
that back in the day and they would like
they would pick one person to go out
like one girl would go out and pick a
boy and then they'd blow whistle and
then they would separate and then those
two would have to go ask somebody else
standing on the wall and it made me so
nervous cuz I wanted to get picked by a
pretty girl and then when somebody
picked you it was embarrassing because
you had to hold their hand in
rollerskates he didn't do that did you
do shoot the duck yeah did you do the
limbo
oh so many memories at the skating rink
so did you have fun
what was the funnest part about it dad
dad mom it's hard good news check it out
we got a proof for a six thousand dollar
credit card which we do which we get
with this I'll show you guys this is
what we do with any credit card related
item in our household of the debts let's
look at it now oh look at all that
credit card information
something like that we'll see all right
hey guys tell them where we're going
what are we going to do I hope I don't
regret this I've told the kids well son
tired specifically has really wanted to
see the Justin Bieber movie it's so
funny how Justin Bieber is such a
hot-button topic issue or Justin Bieber
I love Justin Bieber
it's like polar opposites it seems like
with most people on YouTube they love
him or hate him but I think it's gonna
be a good movie for the kids because I
believe in the premise of never giving
up - Never Say Never and working hard
for what you believe in and being able
to do what you dream of doing and and
living fulfilling a dream that you had
as a kid and working hard to get there
and I think that's what the movie talks
about and I want to teach my kids that
so I'm willing to go sit through this
movie with them all right you can do
whatever you want you can be a
firefighter you're gonna be a singer
you're gonna be a dancer you just have
to work hard that's the only thing you
have to learn how to work hard and never
give up okay you do that you don't want
to stick with son tard
you don't think millions of people will
buy an album by son tard well you gotta
think of a star name that's already
taken somebody's already taken Tony hug
yeah this is like a documentary it's
like a real movie about his life growing
up okay
never to know what it means when you say
never say never what that means is it
means that you never give up if you
believe in something and you want to
achieve something in your life you have
to work hard at it and you have to
continually working hard and working for
it and not ever giving up does that make
sense like if you want to be a really
good gymnast Prince is hard if you want
to go to the Olympics someday you have
to practice and you have to go to
gymnastics everyday and work hard and
never say never
okay I'll talk about it the movie all
right don't get me wrong I don't
necessarily want my kids to grow up to
be superstar celebrity singers you know
that's not the goal here
you know maybe that's what they think
it's cool now and they want to do but
you know there there's also you have to
be realistic about things not
everybody's gonna grow up to be Justin
Bieber but we can still be as successful
at what you try to accomplish and I
would say that you know that is that is
an you know a noble thing to teach your
kids and to aspire to
there's no matter what it is to always
work hard and it's such a cliche
sometimes it is it's like you got a
never give up and you ought to keep
working hard and it is a cliche but
guess what it's true it really does work
if you never give up and you keep
working and you keep trying then you
will succeed and whatever you know
whatever you don't set out to I am a
good example of that it's been exciting
to witness it firsthand so this is kind
of like a daddy
kids date because mommy tired decided to
stay home she was she was actually
watching a movie that she didn't want to
miss and she said me and rock card will
stay home and you take the three other
kids there on a date you guys excited
just a daddy
princess are you excited to see Justin
Bieber and your princess dress there is
there is that's the sign of them
right the start come on let's go let's
go hey just walk you're in the catwalk
there there comes the brother what's up
bro nice hair flip all right got your
treats got some snacks all right
oh you got hundred thousands and
subscribers where'd that come from these
like old people like my stuff is about
six videos I click on another one click
on another one then I clicked on him
seeing me oh so singing SunGard Sadler
singing he's doing his own performance
here comes the princess did you like
that movie as good huh you sure dressed
up for the occasion so I'm tired what
you think you are
did you like it you want a leather black
jacket okay Justin Bieber has white and
purple you can do black and purple let's
see you got a dance movie gonna do for
us
sure will you work on alright let's go
come on girls let's go for the last ones
in the theater you guys have fun ready 1
2 3
tell me what you guys think did you like
it did you like it for it to start
baby tire do you think no Joe no you do
what you think did you liked it you want
to marry him to your a girl how are you
be a boyfriend ok ready
