you are not watching the Shaytards watch
just relax
what are you doing why are you vacuum
why are you doing that you are so nice
thank you
that charge your shorten up and get
right underneath that table that's
really nice of you it's a start listen
when you're done with that I need you to
go wash my truck - okay
be sure to shampoo the carpets stay hey
why don't you get clean in the house to
your sisters being a good example to you
you watch this you watching Nickelodeon
why don't you help your sister clean the
house you don't want to all right
Butthead now what are you doing why are
you being such a good girl you know mom
would be happy when she wakes up I'm
stakin enough she'll be very grateful
that's good don't wash it on the floor
yeah put on the wash rag and then throw
it away the job dude
I think princess hard feels bad for
spitting at mom yesterday bless her
heart she's a five-year-old girl you
guys some of you jerks I think I hate
princes tour no Prince George a spoiled
brat
she's a five-year-old girl did you ever
do something stupid that you regret it
as a five-year-old they make mistakes
that's that's called living life you
have to grow up and have to learn what's
not right we had a serious discussion
with her about never spitting and you
just do I remember as a kid I remember
all kinds of things I remember doing
thinking why did I do that
that was stupid I shouldn't have done
that and for you guys jump down Princess
tartars throat she's a five-year-old
little girl some of your comments really
pissed me off yesterday I was like ready
to block about 100
you but I didn't because I I just said
to myself now they're making a mistake
like print to start made a mistake any
of you are freaking out over the
spitting incident yesterday don't worry
I got it under control
ready for ballet yes are you gonna dance
like the Nutcracker ballet I do you
dance like yes I'm gonna dance like
crazy girl like oh yeah Olay Olay what's
your favorite do you like gymnastics or
ballet most genetics gymnastics why do
you like gymnastics more because it's
fun there is not fun here which is my
birthday there okay so do you have fun
at ballet - or just gymnastics you don't
like the leg well this is news to me you
know what if I could count how many
times I've seen that look on your face
what it'd be a lot that look yep little
bit open right there baby tard are you
excited for ballet stop ducking your gum
you like ballet my and Ellie you did not
oh my goodness thank you okay Rob Todd
and I are here to do some grocery
shopping all the girls are in ballet
Albertson I always do better grocery
shopping when I have a list the problem
is I never remember my list so that's
why I never have anything I need in my
fridge today we are going to try to
remember focus on the list
do you remember up hard he's blinked
robberies
$2.99 that's not bad I don't think they
were on the list but these are princess
Hart's favorite and they look good so
we're going to get some today we are
definitely getting some apples baby tart
and I go through apples like candy we
love apples
my favorite apple of all-time I love
Gala I love Red Delicious but the best
apple that I've ever tasted came fresh
from a Honeycrisp apple tree and they're
so good let me show you these are the
Honey Crisp apples that I found here at
the store they're kind of expensive and
they're hard to find but if you can find
Honey Crisp apples try them they're
really good the best one I ever had was
straight from the tree so good with you
if you were to Honey Crisp apple yeah
he's just happy to be out with mommy yes
all right so honey what errand Oh oh
you're sporting a PD happen hey ain't
that the truth
chicken my legs
see you later
if you're brand new to the vlogs PDF and
P stands for pretty yarn F and a Shea
that's what you are huh you like is
ready to run a race kick those eggs kick
those legs did you kick them any harder
you can push the car for me make me much
happy day every day just like your dad
girls house ballet class great morning
how come you don't like ballet huh it's
cold in there maybe we'll have to wear a
sweatshirt next time what
by working you did a firework dance
you'll have to show me that dance dance
and and we have a competition I made a
recital yeah and it's in our room and we
get to do Firebird dancing and dance for
our best and are you gonna be there
mommy time of course I will be there are
you gonna be sitting and watching the
whole watch my little my little wicker
ball yep I will watch your little hair
ball hey guys all right what are we
watching mom eat are no ordinary family
like why wouldn't we that's right why
wouldn't we watch it because I'm gonna
be like a star on it right guys right
well yes that's right so you guys I'm
gonna give you a little sneak peek hold
on let me pause this orderly um I'll
pause it
oh right there wait wait oh snap climb
to pause right right there that's not
perfect he looks like he is super stoned
okay so I wanna in this scene right now
on what's the date today uh what do you
say kids centered no today's the 22nd of
February so no ordinary family is on
every Tuesdays at 7:00 our time that's
Mountain Standard time it's 7:00 hard
time Mountain Center times we'll figure
out what time I'd play on your TVs on
ABC this is my co-star when I was on the
show which is coming up March 22nd on no
ordinary family this is the guy that I
actually were what worked with weird
listen to me
I worked with I've been I've been
polishing my craft and acting this is
Luke Klein tank is that his name let me
check real quick centaur what's his name
how do you know because
you're reading I'm so proud of my first
grader he's a reader now this is him on
Twitter Luke Klein tank and here he is
on a baby food he's about to kiss this
girl huh
that's her oh she's so beautiful
now she's read her name's Daphne on the
show and she's got to read his thoughts
mother sweet oh snap
doctor about to make some sweet sweet
lovin you i'm at i'm at design cocina
sweet sweet loving - they're not making
sweets you love their just kissing
anyways you guys go follow Luke on
Twitter I'll put a link down in my
pantalones by the way last night
hilarious I was putting the girls to bed
and baby tarde goes dad why is there she
goes dad why is why was she I can't
resign but something like what's the
link in your pants or she art no I
didn't she said dad there's a link in my
pants something like that I was like
what did you say and she just started
laughing and I was like oh my gosh
that's hilarious
imagine your kids growing up hearing
their dad always say there's a link in
my pants what's under what do you think
that means what does it mean when I say
there's a link in my pants
with this idea hey mommy tired I got a
great idea in my that's that's what's so
funny is like you know grow as a kid not
knowing the premise of what that means
you can only imagine what does it mean
when dad says there's a link in his
pants
um okay and you know it's so funny also
is this weekend one of my old friends
from high school came over and he
watches my videos every once in a while
and he goes how do I get in your pants I
can never get in your pants what does
that mean which I'm like maybe I should
have chosen some different verbage to
explain check out these other things but
below the video right now as you guys
are watching most of you know this but
there's some people who don't know this
there's um what do you call it a video
description where I can write things
where I can like say hey this is what's
happening this video or I can I can http
hyper a slash slash whatever to make a
link that you guys can click on with
your little mouse to go look at things
and that's right below it's a video
description and you'll see like little
arrow it's down this way you have to
open it because love them does not open
so you have to click on it it's right
below me you'll see a little like it's a
good triple arrow thing like this
direction you have to click on it and
it'll open and you'll see all these
things in my business so the other night
my baby turned says dad there's why is
there a link in your pants I was like I
guess I should explain that torn shirt
and some tired thinks it's an idea when
it's really just information and it's
not really in my pants it's just kind of
a joke that make sense below the video
that's why I call that's why I say it's
in my pants does that make sense dude
kind of I'll show you I'll show you what
I'm talking about so you understand
anyways go follow these guys on Twitter
both of them both of these make out
partners here look at these two lip
lockers they both have a Twitter these
are actually my two co-stars when I am
in the
seen on my part as a security guard an
ordinary family
these two are the ones that I am act
with that Isis being with centered what
does it mean when I say Isis be end with
these two people that's pretty good
it means I acted with them right because
a thespian is an actor do you know that
now you didn't you're just saying yes
wow I'm so smart
go follow both these guys I'll put a
link in my pants now you know what that
means
go follow those guys on Twitter and they
are my co-stars on no ordinary family my
episode March 22nd Tuesdays at seven
mountains Center time and now it's time
for the best time of the day that's why
you can Sam a Pilates and gentlemen it's
time to put the kids to sleep II I can't
wait to go to surprise tomorrow what
surprise Tom Tom Tom what surprise ah
dance recycle recycle honey guess what
princess heart is being green she's
dancing recycle recycle
like you say recycle recycle or recycle
I'm gonna tell you something
what is it when I went to ballet today
my teacher said we plan we oh and we
have a competent
we have a competition we have um I just
said recital recital right to the end
we're gonna sing firework to dance for
our bastards and me all right come on
guys what time is it what time is it no
that's not what about it's a million
that's a great time
now let's go hey all right
come here let's talk about them do you
feel bad for spitting on your mom all
right can i maybe tart in your bed for
prints are catching the bus life again
no no no I she pretends opposed for
princess kisses all right good night
love you somebody actually comment to
the other day about this blankets
remember what this Eagles called
somebody in the comments remember the
other day and I was super surprised I
think if you don't remember this is
Ernie the eagle you remember now
remember now Annie it's I'm trying to
remember which video shows you how do
you eat oh did you wear the tire blanket
around you oh that's a question I think
what you had a cold
yeah that's oh it's the the project for
awesome way back in the day
it's kicking on the wall yeah I was the
project for awesome way back in the day
and I called this linker Ernie the eagle
yeah what did you say you're calling
justin beaver beaver do you guys know
there's a real sickness it's called
Bieber fever just it just just call him
dressing on a first-name basis hey hey I
got out of hand
everybody to sleep now
