our powers combined we make the Shane
toys we are the bank or the breakfast or
dessert or the retard and the always
beautiful long hard and the ever hands
of incense analysis back dango
explain to me what's going on here a car
drive is rock hard in the basket with
you do you want to get into there's not
enough room
rocks are you having fun how about baby
chard maybe you get in and then rock
dirt can sit on your lap I'll do that so
coal rock Tartu
guess what I was playing soccer but then
local innkeeper you've walked it but
then it was nice shot it's all gonna fit
in there rock-hard looks a little
concerned son tard
I think you need to be the engine for
this this car okay son TARDIS knows what
I'm talking about there they go can we
get some bigger tubs to fit the kids in
go push him down the stairs okay no
we're not that would be fun I want to
come in so come on Let Me In baby
oh well come inside he's gonna be high
breaking itself was I oh yeah all baby
I'm inside it's cold out there it's cold
out there good boy oh boy I love you I
love you
all right see you later see in a few
hours let's see him go
Oh Frances tard what do you think you're
doing I can see that what have you fall
out I asked Prince's tard
I said what if you fought of the tree
just then I'll cry least she's honest
baby tard can you go help your sister
get out of the tree she's stuck she
needs your help
go help her yeah
you helped her get all right good job
baby tard it's time to take a quiz okay
you ready okay baby's hard who's that
who's that - no that is no okay
I know barmaley you're cheating you're
reading it Bob Marley great Rasta singer
Katy retard who's this don't know okay
baby card
who's that who is he your boyfriend
he's a your boyfriend she's princess
Tori oh no oh girls who love Justin
Bieber
you guys are trash you know that you're
just trash you're white trash see you're
white trash kids they're white trash I'm
pretty trashy to see white trash babies
by and they're white trash mommy sitting
on the curb centered your sisters out of
there get him out garbage man get him
out back oh but pull it on oh snap she
said boo it on top okay see you guys
later
don't don't kick the trash cans as our
ears you can only hide in them hey get
out of there one of my favorite smells
in the entire world a tire store and aa
shoe store I'm not like the Jets
football coach kind of shoe store kind
of guy
I just like the smell Rex Ryan I'm gonna
Rex Ryan shoe kind of lover for those of
you know I'm talking about I just love
the smell of new shoes new tennis balls
new racket balls new tires it's just
rubber I love the smell of rubber why is
that
can you pay attention to the smell I
think I need to be on that show strange
addictions like what if you just came in
here every day or so sir can I help you
no just smell on your shoes
Thanks Katja Katja hey you want to tell
everybody on the Shaytards
the big exciting news oh the shame wants
to move
that's good news huh we're going to
Alaska yes we're moving to Alaska what
do you think I've been watching gold
rush on Discovery Channel and I want to
move to Alaska just for a couple months
three months what if we moved was it was
like we had our own thank you Mike -
it's like our own Sarah Palin does
Alaska but we'll have the Shaytards to
Alaska we'll move to Alaska I can work
on a fishing boat on a salmon boat yeah
I won't die I'll work on a tame salmon
boat I won't work on like crab boats I'm
serious you guys
I'm not joking like this is a real idea
that I have that I really want to do
what do you think what if I moved my
entire family to Alaska for two months
and we did the Shaytards in Alaska I
think your dad wants these shoes we're
shopping for my dad for his birthday we
should get him the see what you think Oh
big akhtar hey doctor look at your daddy
my face look at his sister
go over here buddy hey bald eagle Hey Oh
would you get your grandpa for his
birthday your grandma's gonna be here in
a minute
should we bring those in no just wait
till after we'll take them to their
house are we going over different cakes
yeah cake and ice cream today is my
dad's 55th birthday
and we got a what we get a got'em floor
mats first truck and forgotten shoes and
a hat that's a good present right your
dad thanks
there's the other party member for
Christmas card pursue so globe much sub
dog where's that mom I got off work Oh
excited see grandpa Carly I've been
saving that did you find that in the
closet that is mine
hey show us your purse I bought Carly at
first that's great show them the inside
it's my favorite part look at yellow I
totally picked that out you'd wear it
cause you know you'd see me here happy
birthday grandpa and you're so old 55
and about to die
very nice just approval from the blonde
section is this the chapstick tango drop
them
hey Logan do kids in your school
tap pins on their desks like play the
drums like can they get really good at
it
yeah there's kids it like have like a
pen and like go get them extra heavy
ones and I've ever heard anybody in half
I was watching youtube videos last night
and his kids are really good at hitting
the pins on the desk somebody's like a
new thing do any of you guys do that
alright son Todd let's get ready to
rumble behind you to print to start and
mommy tart as a challenge to mommy
Tolliver's oh sorry want to fight me hey
what did you say princess heart knows no
purchaser goes oh yeah you want a piece
of this and then mom in turn goes oh
yeah you want a piece of this then
princess heart's like yeah Oh throw
something at you and then sundar goes oh
oh my
and then I turn the camera to show you
guys what was happening and it was
funnier when it happened in real life
we're trying to recreate it now
sometimes that happens in the vlogs
where something really really funny
happens and you know the camera's not on
and I'm like oh oh I'm you guys hold on
I'll try to grab the camera and recreate
and it's never not quite as funny but
naturally just so funny and amazing and
so love each other and we never fight
about anything for to start are you
gonna take on mommy turn no just be nice
to me oh yeah take out oh snap flying
fists of fury
oh that hey hey that is uncalled for
hey princess hard come say you're sorry
that's not nice you don't spit you
memory come give her a hug and a kiss
and tell her you're sorry
trying to show off say I'm sorry mom I
love you
come on Bob June give her a kiss
that was a very soft kiss well it never
is
okay thanks
hey let's start no spitting all right
let's go
hey not up no spinning okay say okay dad
all right let's go have ice cream and
cake with Grandpa oh oh so listen you
guys um we were buying grandpa a pair of
shoes because that's what my mom said
that he wanted I was gonna get him these
white Nikes and I sent my mom a picture
because there's these white Nikes and
these black New Balances and I asked my
mom which pair but I thought the white
ones were the best and she sent me a
text back saying no get the black one
and then I was like uh-huh I think the
white ones are better but she's would
probably know cuz it's her husband but I
like the white ones better so I got them
both
I figured this'll solve the problem so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take one
white one out of the box and put it in
the black box and take one black with a
box and put in the white box and split
them up and then I'll open them and
we'll be like oh crap you got to a
different shoe and then I'll give him
the other box and it'll be the other two
won't that be fun okay you ready for
your first present hope you like us all
for you sometime back oh you like them
that's New Balance oh wait is that Nike
your new Balance why are you having an
arm look what's in the other oh you're
right
I need oh crap did they put the wrong
shoes that's us
this one's Nike happy birthday
which one do you like better her
integrations equal relationship equality
for all work kids me if I'm worthy
which one you like better dad you have
to pick which one you like better which
ones would you pick this is a debate
between me and mom which one would you
pick nobody I'm really quiet the black
shoes are more practical so I probably
big-block dang it you when I said white
mom said buck okay
congratulations here's your other
present here's your other presence thank
you I was really confused cuz I see you
get bold but I can wear like this but
you shouldn't it's the next I'll wear
these and I'll say how do you like my
new shoes no idea it's a new pair
all right here okay that's from son
tards allowance this one's from baby
tard thank you go give your grandpa
kisses give it this pay you to shut up
it's dad's birthday
what is it I don't know is this from her
what cell phone she have a cell phone
thanks Haley pauper case hey this is
from princess star it's not was it from
oh that's from Grandma Mott the oak oh
maybe chard your hair looks really nice
tonight who did it thank you
did your mommy tart do your hair special
hey you stop yawning missing that's
twice on the vlogs
that's you're yawning with quota
oh is this from Grandma yes I hope
there's a $5 bill in the card on your
birthday happy birthday to someone who
truly makes a difference in our world we
love you Joan no that's wrong that's
nice they got you a pair of Nike shoes
they're too small if it is harmless
you know they say about small shoes
osteoporosis medicine radio ticket has
yeah product placement we better be
getting paid as a hand-cranked forgive
it
Oh like for emergencies yeah how cool
this is
hiya boys your solar cranked weather
alerts multi man radio with cell phones
and mp3 ogg charger and USB charger cool
can charge your iPhone on it that's from
princes our friends are run oh no oh no
think you kickin he's not light is in
perfect
get our son John nice get her yeah take
her down oh snap it's the quickest happy
birthday you're obnoxious sir I'm
obnoxious
