welcome to New York am I in the movie
yeah you're in the movie the Gavin's on
the yeah you're in the movie log in here
crap another flight missed so here's
what happened because Delta has this
silly little policy that if you don't
fly on the trip to your destination they
just assume that you didn't make it to
your destination and then they canceled
your flight back home so we don't have
seats on our flight to go home to the
kids but luckily we booked some flights
out of Long Beach on JetBlue so we're
not going to be able to make it home
until late tonight to like one we're
supposed to get home today like 4:00 in
the afternoon to help get the kids and
stuff to get them ready for school
tomorrow because mom and dad and Colet
sister I've been watching them but now
we're going to have to fly on a later
flight like a five or six hour later
flight out of Long Beach so attention
should make lemonade out of lemons
what's our fault when life gives you
lemons make lemonade I'm going to
surprise I have not told them yet so
tell them what's happening
Mike
anyways cancel our flight I told them
that mark I told him that Park and she
doesn't know you don't know and you
don't know you guys have to guess we
have a six-hour layover and we have to
get to Long Beach but between LAX and
Long Beach is a lot of road and six
hours what do you think we could do
anything let's go come on come with us
all right we're walking to our chariot
look our silver chariot awaits
I want to tell you guys but I'm gonna
make you wait where do you think do you
think you have I guess no I think I
think you up against really do I so I
guess there's only one back of my mind
betterment do you wanna guess what you
wanted to see suppress be surprised
right
but I feel like you know you do I feel
like the thing that's in the backyard
one is probably one does
just waiting you guessed it
whoa boy the happiest place on earth I'm
a little tired but that's why we came to
the happiest place on earth because I
needed to be a little happier yeah I'm a
little annoyed that we missed our flight
but this is the best way to combat that
scared is then for a couple hours yes
alright you guys we have two hours how
many times can we ride Indiana Jones
alright let's go
this is so crazy we're supposed to be on
a flight right now so right in the rides
at Disneyland
where you can drink your heart
ah
you
mr. death I'm sorry in my tumbly
you
Wow well here we are I can't believe
it's finally happening we are in New
York City just landed JFK headed to the
city to the Tribeca Film Festival to
watch screening of our documentary vlog
you mentor me yes it's happening
tomorrow tomorrow they're fixing it and
it's your Superman dude she's flying
through the airport alright Shaytards
walking through the airport here we go
let the whole crew back in the saddle
again
alright we're here New York City in the
uber headed to our hotel the movie
premieres tomorrow tomorrow night you
guys ready to see the movie please be
mad if you're not in it alone
yes actually Gavin you're in the opening
scene I forgot yeah you're in the movie
but Gavin's on them yeah you're in the
movie yeah but it's me and Gavin in the
very opening scene actually now that I
think about it yeah good job yeah yeah
your movie star all of your brothers and
sisters exactly he's in it yep what's
this what's this this is for what share
fancy dresses that I found why for who
girl
why oh this young lady's birthday did it
you did it you got it good good we
probably will be together so I gave
early and then I had to have matching so
enemies birthdays later in the summer
cute and they'll be good thing you got a
sister yeah I should rather this stuff
down festival you want to you go out
tonight if you want all right we're just
doing this yeah
this is what we're doing feels good to
do this just chillin XO equal to the
book I gave her last year oh yeah that's
all of these Chinese lanterns on me
thank you
I'm Chinatown okay oh you want to show
let's just show you should see these
pictures I just got me and him hanging
out the window oh look at me i Instagram
follow me on Instagram I put a cool
picture of me and dat's hanging out the
window
all right here we are in the streets of
New York it was exciting
we're going on adventure we're walking
to meet up with che and the crew a bunch
of people that are hanging out and
decided we're going to walk then walk
through the streets look beautiful I'm a
little cold handy Brachfeld hand where's
your partner
yeah New York has a crazy busy city and
I love it I would never want to live
here especially with five kids it would
be very difficult but it is a fun place
to visit we found we found you in the
streets of New York look how beautiful
you are just walk over here yeah we did
job is real New York dinner babe
tonight's the night is the night
tonight's the night
for the movies night tonight I'm making
this up
you look so tough hi I'm excited I get
my harem on it was a great night okay
I'm getting ready I don't touch up my
makeup yeah that's not the outfit you're
wearing okay let me help you bro you
might actually the shorts in the shoes
might be cool I'm going to give you a
shirt and vest I'm not gonna show you
yet let's reveal in a minute hold on a
squad that's crew right here here's
squad Colette you did a pretty good job
making those humans
he did most of the work yeah hey come
here my friend do you know one field hey
do you know you're gonna go see a movie
they are big buildings avi you look so
pretty
yes okay here let show result fit what's
in there money yeah for what it was for
disarray oh but we're in New York it's
not easy out here welcome to New York
hey let's see those short New York Wow
look at this Golden Hour the sun's
coming through we're headed to Tribeca
nervous excited you guys mommy turn
pulled off the outfit tonight look at
this purse shoe combo whoa Gavin careful
with that baby is that what that's
called baby need Axton do you agree to
this stroller therapy Kevin I'm not sure
if he's a green like it anyways back to
personal shoes Vinny's home but look at
those Wow I like those shoes honey you
did careful all right here we go you
ready
are you nervous sytem I'm all 16
emotions
how many emotions are there
there's like no right per second huh
careful dude dude I love this shorts
what'd you find
oh man okay okay Charles Charles okay
here we go
yes ready ready
I always tell people we made in Asia
incorrectly they say hey he went
Australia it's a whole continent
you're worse of him and I always think
when we were first trying to title a
show we hope to title it Pacific Rim
turns out that was totally taken us who
have been a part of the YouTube
community for a long time that had never
been on the vlogging side but we've
grown to be friends with lots of folks
that are in the film tonight so for us
to be a part of a night like this a
premier that is so special really means
a lot to us it's a big honor it's like
Queen we got to be the Bugs Bunny
cartoon that goes before the big movie
and that feels pretty good okay getting
all your camera oh you look so pretty
this Lighting's great traumatic I mean I
keep marthy battling on stage
No
Oh
we won't Al Maggie move it all right we
just finished the movie that sweater
there's Cory by Delphi Megan Tom jazz
there's the Tribeca Film Festival Sam
ice hockey when appropriate thing I bet
you were all rightie
anyways what'd you guys think loved the
movie hi everybody you're in the vlog
I'm getting yelled at our ubers here she
does okay
yes there she is in for one half second
she doesn't want to be in maybe but you
are I'm going to love you guys thank you
so much risen high school thank you guys
bye guys that was awesome see you guys
in his way then we shave peace yells
well he said by now it's awkward we're
just sitting here hey hey guys go one
what an insane night and last couple
days you're all cut up now that's all
the footage that I've had and then last
night was the movie premiere and we're
waking up here this morning in New York
City
filling alive thanks for supporting us
guys it's been quite the journey stay
tuned for when you will be able to see
vlog you mentoree those conversations
are having had right now we got to
figure out where we're going to put this
thing I want it to be in theaters it
could be in other familiar places that
you're used to watching things on
screens but that's about all that I can
say to you right now but you will see
this movie trust me
my goal is for everybody in the world to
see this movie I love you guys thanks
for watching the Shaytards if you want
to see what we've been doing every
single day for the last eight years you
can click on one of those numeric faces
right there on the screen in front of
you or if you want to see the mystery
video click on that leave a thumbs up
you can there's little thumbs down there
it's fun click on one do it it does and
leave us a nice comment we love you guys
and see you tomorrow we're headed to
playlist live now we have to do press
today here in New York there's a bunch
of interviews I have to do a
and that we're leaving the Tribeca Film
Festival to head to Orlando to playlist
live so we will see some of you down
there huh and we're meeting up with the
whole Trix and family down in Florida so
it's going to be fun okay we'll see you
guys tomorrow stay tuned for the right
it's quite the journey huh okay see you
bye
