he's ready here we go hey everybody this
is the Shaytards hi my name's baby tard
beauty so guys what is today one take
Sunday Rock turn don't make spit in your
hair - what's sweet children yeah
alright guys good news
we are I think out of the depths of the
abyss right I think we're all feeling
better you guys know better
yeah it's the start has a little bit of
an earring Oh Jimmy Eric yeah mommy I'm
I'm slowly getting my voice back it
sounds a little bit more normal
baby tard I'm gonna pick it up right now
is feeling better and I think we're all
feeling better
finally yeah literally like like last
four days has just been I could not move
I was on the couch and it's just been
horrible anyways well you guys we have a
business meeting we have to do because
I've been so sick I haven't given away
these to flip cameras yet maybe tired
just old one um while back I said that
if you friended us on Facebook we would
pick two people that when these flips so
we're gonna do it right now and what we
did is I basically went and I opened up
all how many is there nine thousand five
hundred and seventy four comments on the
video on Facebook and so what we're
gonna do it I decided this is how we're
gonna choose who's the winner
let's ask baby tard what I'm going to do
is I'm gonna command F which you guys
know an Apple computer you can command F
and then you can type in a word and
it'll find that word anywhere on the
screen so I have all ninety five hundred
comments open right now on my computer
on the Facebook and we're gonna ask the
baby turn her favorite word I don't know
what it's gonna be there not be a swear
word okay
no cussing and whatever it is I'm going
to type it into the Apple F and the
first person who has that word in their
comment it's gonna win one of these okay
baby jarred are you ready yeah okay tell
us what is your favorite word
I that's your favorite word
okay I'm gonna type in eat ye it says
there are 19 matches the first person is
o it is Cheyenne good the ey e and
Cheyenne came up first she says I love
your family and I watch your videos
every day and I watched GT f XE every
day - I can't wait to it in bed with
that I can't go to bed without watching
your videos your beard is awesome yes
and your kids are awesome and your wife
is hotter than expected and awesome oh
and Shay Carl and the Shay tardes okay
so Cheyenne good you are the winner of
one of these flips I need to its CH e UI
e enemy okay okay I'll just remember
that okay so now we have to do one more
we have one word princess card you get
to the next what is your favorite word
your favorite word right like like an
eye there are more than a hundred
matches online and the first person is
Philip you borrow
he says gonna be pumpkin pie I don't
like cherry pie Oh what was that oh
because we're talking about a pie-eating
contest so Philip ybarra because you
like cherry pie apparently that's pretty
stars favorite word you are the second
winner of the flip camera so
congratulations to you too I'll send you
an email and then you guys can send me
your address and I will send you these
clips ASAP and then we'll do some more
in the future I have a few more that
will give away row targets the music
oh all right I always have a happy
Sunday Oh jr. I'm watchin American
chunker don't change the channel and
deposit rock cards messing up my shows
forever shows I'm also you guys I was
gonna give you guys Monday on no
ordinary family the episode I think is
on March 22nd the episode where I'm a
security guard on ABC on Tuesdays at
7:00 our time Standard Time
Cyclops princess darn so if you watch it
for that I'm sure to remind you guys I'm
pretty sure it's March 22nd Lobby
unordinary
okay and and you guys could get a chance
to meet us
you're the mute in Orlando at playlist
live I'll put a link down below but we
are all going the Shaytards are headed
to Florida we're gonna be at playlist
live it's at the end of March I'm gonna
change the channel I wanna know what
he's gonna eat it anyway so um yeah you
guys could come out to playlist live in
Orlando Florida meet all of us the
Shaytards wannabe baby tire you want to
meet all these people maybe target
alright so I'll put a link down below
for playlist 5 you guys can come visit
us there alright we'll see you guys back
again tomorrow we'll be back on normal
vlogs Kay every single bite
