you are now watching the Shaytards watch
for us
you're very cute hey guys we felt like
crap like well not for me I mean it's
been like three or four days for me but
where did I get back it's like I wasn't
great when I got back cuz I overdid it
that wasn't my true I've been coughing
for like three days and now I have like
this kink in my neck so every time I
cough after I called my neck when I
cough cuz it's like oh so I had pulled a
muscle from coffee how lame is that
never I haven't pulled coughing muscle
not only do we all feel sick today it's
also Clooney blather we have it so hard
it's
like me and mommy turned have had this
long going fight where we'll be driving
in weather like this and I purposely
won't clean the windshield and she'll
sit there should we go crazy and she'll
reach over and she'll try to turn the
windshield wipers on then I block her
hand we get this this big fight where
you can't see through the window and I
keep trying to block her and clear no
it's not it's fun it's exciting when you
can't see out the front window and
you're having a hand and combat in the
front seat that's always exciting try to
hold kids I think you look cute in that
coat makes your face look orange we need
a white balance I need I think if you
got up and danced that would make you
feel better yeah try it come on let's
see you boogie
that's what happened
good answer them hey I'll give you a
hundred bucks if you go ask him to dance
and slow dancing we're getting job us as
we figure you're supposed to have we got
things fluid fluid so our kids are in
the van are we bad parents are sitting
there and the van was snowing we left
the windshield wipers on florrum low I
miss were good parents so they can see
they can see us in here
look I'm waving I don't know if they're
waving back but they're in there yeah
pick it out pretty flat see where
they're with their colors
whoa lights now the moon
baby go to do go to Jules let go I got
two Jews let's go I saved them from
Hitler I got the Jews
I saved the Jews hey kids who won some
Jews pumpkin pumpkin baby baby baby
voice say can you tell us more about
spatial communicational relationship
yeah I'll tell you one thing right away
is the you need some work another we get
in the car and mommy tar puts her Jamba
Juice on this side my water on this side
and her water on this side therefore
hogging all the cupholders and I said
dirt you ma'am meet some work on spatial
communication or relationships because
the left side of the man is obviously
mine cuz I'm on the left side I need a
cup holder for this baby this is a power
this is this is like 800 ounces of juice
and I need a cup holder so work on your
spatial communication or relationships
okay get back to me in the morning I'm
gonna go work on my spatial
communication relationships in the
meantime
okay mommy tired what are you going to
do right now okay this is crazy but I'm
it's been a couple like three years ago
social or eight years ago or to try go
look I lost my ring while living in this
house this house this is the first house
we ever bought is when we were newlyweds
see that window well I dug the hole and
installed that window all by myself and
mommy tires okay do it go wedding ring
that I proposed to mommy turned with she
lost somewhere at this house
and we've always said we should just go
and ask if they ever found it cuz we
sold this house to this new couple here
comes mommy turn she's so cute
can you imagine somebody coming to your
door do you have my wedding ring this is
mine it's a really cool kitchen - it has
like this round bay windows look at her
Oh or miss see me filming him what he
just like punched her she's going inside
no she's gonna be abducted no way you
guys body turns been abducted Hey
sundered remember this house remember
this house dude this is the house that
we brought you home in when we first had
Sun tart this is the very first house
that we brought him home to this house
it looks like they got new cabinets too
this house has a ton of these giant
bushes around the front yard and has
this gigantic tree in the front yard our
very first Christmas when we first got
married I had always said as a kid every
Christmas I had always told my dad let's
put more Christmas lights on our house
we always put like four or five strings
of lights on her house and he'd be like
oh that's enough that's good I'd like no
looks like go all out like National
Lampoon's Christmas so the very first
Christmas that I had as a married man
where I owned my very own house i
frickin went to town this house right
here was decked out like more than
almost any house this was like seven
years ago
I wrapped probably $100 worth of lights
around each one of these bushes was up
in the tree I've put a star I made a
star on the roof and everybody our
church that Christmas would be like saw
your house looks like you really went
all out this year and I was like yep so
the first year that I own my own house
is a married man I don't want totally
all out be so crazy if they had it I
think she'd be freaking out more right
now if she did have it did you get it
what they say they do remember when they
came to look at the house and I was
doing the tile downstairs uh I think
they when they the realtor show it to
them the first time I remember what they
say they seem guilty like they pawned it
already and they don't want to give it
back what'd they say
they said we actually looked really hard
so did a lot of remodeling and thought
that maybe we had find it but we never
did oh so we've asked him before that's
what I'm saying and I'm like oh you know
what it was when we closed on the house
we told him we said we said hey if you
ever find a ring it's our wedding ring
that's why I forgot yeah how long ago is
that that's probably four five years ago
well there's I said look in the yard and
they're like yeah sure okay so this
spring with all the snow melts and the
grass is clean
we're gonna go rent a metal detector
what are we gonna metal detector I know
we should go around like a really no we
should do is we should hire a metal
detector person because there's some
people who do that right for a living
they're really good at it cuz if it's in
the yard somewhere I'm thinking went
down the drain how's the wedding ring
that binds our love it be crazy if we
found it now it'd be psycho what are you
measuring a measuring tape that is a
measuring tape yeah it's not yeah what
is it
so what all you broke it did you break
it was a close one
those measurements look accurate to you
remember what I taught you baby tard
measure twice cut once you know what
that means
what does it mean to measure twice and
cut once do you know what it means
what does it mean to measure twice and
cut once it means make sure you know the
proper measurements look before you leap
you understand me this is a life lesson
I'm trying to pound into your head look
before you leap know what's gonna happen
before it does sometimes you don't
always but you have to get as many facts
as you can you understand me how big is
he Frick start is it gettin big
the greatest art just said Rock chart
hold still I'm trying to see how many
miles you are how many miles is he -
he's a zero - miles I think you're
looking at it upside down I think he's
20 inches long are you 20 inches long
dude or a beater
no punch your brother be nice to him for
little kids
hey retard he is almost as big as you
look at him just about another 8 inches
and he'd be as big as you are
turn around let's see his face there she
goes
get the baby card carrying the baby you
guys good news we just opened up the
orders for nationwide shipping before
we're just gonna ship to the lower 48
but now we can ship nationwide is that
exciting
that's right now you can go all the way
to Australia England Canada wherever you
want yeah okay get in that duck your
head down
get in there let's go duck here it oh we
need a bigger box Rock tard we need a
bigger box hey need a bigger box you
never give up somebody's not sleepy and
he won't go to bed so he's hanging out
with daddy tard
