we're now watching the Shaytards walk
Justin
whose every
good morning and happy Valentine's Day
look what my sweet sweet wife got me
she's so adorable she got me some
chocolate-covered strawberries and a
very nice card I'm not gonna tell you
what it says on the inside cuz that's
very personal and private and it's a
little bit kinky ha ha ha so darn just
got me the social network love that
movie and the new Michael Jackson CD I'm
excited and some socks and some crew
some hair stuff that's a nice little
surprise
thank you mommy thar I got you that
little chubby baby for your only trans
he's a chubby little Valentine's who
remembers what we call Valentine's Day
from two years past what do we call it
who knows what do we call Valentine's
Day do you remember huh you guys don't
remember it's because of you guys
remember Shaytards day nope fanta line
and two lines
what is it baby tarde who started that
one of our kids couldn't say Valentines
yeah if I was baby tart they're like
happy van of minds day so you always
call a happy Valentine's Day hey you
guys wanna go see your present huh maybe
tard we got you something
got you something what icarly get you
Princess hard c'mere show us your face
it's witness looks like you yes princess
art does have a black princess arm why
do you have a black eye and then how it
happened when you did the back foot what
hit you in the face I'll and all my face
don't tell it was your daddy's fist mrs.
dartt was doing a backflip on our bed
and she did a backflip and honey and she
landed she flipped light on her back and
her knee came up attacked her right in
the face anyways Carly got a makeup for
Valentine's egg so so they have makeup
and she's
using that to cover up her black guy
alright let's go see what we got you
guys baby tard imprint to start get to
go first I'll suit you got it's on your
bed do you like it
let's see Fred start do you like it it's
a ladybug happy Valentine's Day
yeah you got a bear wall just very very
cool what'd you get oh it's a stripper
no sorry what do you think you're so
cute
thinking the seven-year-olds one select
return to starting a path the teddy bear
stage two tiger whoa all right princess
card what are you gonna name yours well
that's pretty original
okay maybe tired what are your name
yours says Genovia
that's cute son tired wait a name yours
Tron oh cool Tron the tiger actually
yeah you named him Kobe Bryant Tron the
Kobe Bryant tiger no not wrong why how
do you know who Kobe Bryant is he's a
mouse who does he play for no need to
school centered in the lessons of the
NBA
I'll never something
beautiful not duck you love it
you seriously do ya how much do you love
it
a hundred it a lot oh that's a ton you
just wipe your boogers on ya look like
you wipe your boogers on it
do you love your love bug
what or do you love your dad more which
one do you love more you love the love
bug more Oh
both of you are oh that's good to tie
huh it's a love tie okay good
are we tired I think she likes her
present she's basically strangling it
today she loves it so much that's why
we've been banned from 32 zoos across
the United States are you ready do your
pre gymnastics pose you doing one of
those someday Wow look at all those
trophies you want to win one of those
all right you want to win that one
that's a big one okay you know you have
to do to win a trophy don't you what
work hard that's right all right go out
there and have fun
don't forget to work hard - there she
goes off to win a gold medal is that
your best Valentine's Day present ever
yes yours all right let's go tell the
people what are we going to do baby
TARDIS for mom we're gonna get a time
and necklace for mommy all right it is
Valentine's Day come on love with you
guys
very romantic today I'm feeling more
looky-looky / snappy / COFF up looky
nappy that's how I'm feeling you ever
feel that way that's how I'm feeling i
down some nyquil last night and it's
still Simon its effects on me but it is
Valentine's Day and we must press
forward we must be steadfast in our duty
of love and romance to the women who we
love so I am here with my assistant
realistic we can find something nice for
Mama Targa her feet day let's go we're
here at Jensen jewellers bubble okay she
used to work here
when it was in the mall we very first
got married mom eat hard work Ted Jensen
jewelers come on this way baby Dart she
always got really good discounts on
jewelry watch we have her mommy
which one's her yet for mommy do you see
one you like
come over here come on over here watch
one do you like baby tear just said I
like these hearts show you one of those
hearts for mommy
hey those are just plastic hearts she
wants the real gems she wants that pink
one right there hey she wants a pink one
did she tell you that what about in here
to see any of these you like those are
pretty topaz those topaz those blue ones
in goes blue ones are nice hmm look a
baby tart got they retard god of diamond
balloon that a diamond encrusted balloon
baby tard
it is I must've been expensive I like it
you got a bear and a balloon you're just
having a heck of a Valentine's Day
aren't you so I just dropped what OH
tied up on the Bears the Bears Paul pull
it off come here I'll help you so I just
dropped Sun turned off Adam hip hop
class and Princess hard at we saw me
drop Prince start off anyways and then
rock cards at home with mom should Ching
I got her a diamond necklace like a
heart necklace and
diamond earrings it wasn't cheap
freaking gemstones what do you think you
just be rare and cost a lot wasn't too
much but wasn't cheap either
I'll show them to you when mommy card
opens okay this is actually the most
delicate process of the entire
Valentine's Day shopping when it comes
to mommy tart is the chocolate selection
that is right you must choose the
correct creamy milky caramel miss we're
deep trouble so here we got uh gira
delis there's a Hershey's you want that
good thing I'm not gonna lose you cuz
you get your balloon but I think I'm
gonna get this big one that one looks
good
okay you ready let's go did I go
overboard I'm certain that maybe I just
went a little bit overboard
but I love her I love my wife you can't
go overboard on your love right love
cannot be contained in some infinite
entity an infinite entity cannot be
contained and that's love l.o.v.e all
you need is love love is just a game do
we go over tard overt Arden do we go
over tired baby tart all right so here's
what we got we got this is kind of like
a diamond necklace has like a little
heart I'll show you later take a little
heart that has a little diamonds in it
and these are diamond earrings or like
loops I have diamonds in it so I'm going
to do and then I also have her two boxes
of chocolates and gigantic
card that's really sweet romantic I'm
gonna know that for mommy tard
can I think all right oh yeah I got let
you get a treat too so what I think I'm
gonna do is give her the earrings and
the box and this box of chocolates and
the card and that's a pretty good
present right some nice diamond earrings
box of chocolate dog I'm vlogging here
can you chill your grill for two SEC's
yo thank you anyways and then we're
going to watch to dinner and then what I
think I'm gonna do right before we leave
is I'm gonna put the necklace and this
box of chocolates on her pillow so that
when we come home after our romantic
night
it's like it'll be exciting cuz it's not
over she'll think that she opened her
present and she liked her present we
went to this nice romantic dinner
very nice Valentine's Day and when we
come home and we go to go to bed and she
look on her pillow and there'll be
another present with another box of
chocolates won't that be exciting
okay be tired be I'll be exciting think
mommy turtle like it yeah sweet okay we
didn't overdo it tarde all right let's
go on get you see ball done daddy daddy
take the cleanup my hand you know one on
you
okay bite it off use your teeth that's
why God gave you teeth bites to bite
stuff there you go
next trip the dentist hey Rach tard did
you get a present today where's your
Valentine's Day present oh you get
princess tarts
go get it go get it rawr I'm George just
got home baby I come here we gotta give
mommy her present here it is it's all
set out okay babes right baby thinner
our babysitter's here meanwhile eternity
went on to dinner what are you gonna say
remember that sir Valentine's Day
present hey what about sure I hope you
like it big you have to open the card
yet you know that later that's a special
time I retired super special notes on
that's my chocolate
okay don't look at that either it's just
chocolate open a bag but I see what it
says brush your teeth lose your teeth I
hope you like it
well I will I just I just grabbed them
quick
fancy wrapping paper hi babysitter hi
Kyler the Garter tart
Kubby vanthu lines day okay just a crack
UIKit Bell okay have to act like you
like it if you don't like it I'm excited
maybe turn you know what it is don't
tell her it's a lot of rapping for sure
she wrapped it oh those are pretty
yes yeah they're diamonds
I got you diamonds well good I'm gonna
wear them right earrings on yet so
pretty
come on let's see what they look like do
you like him yes I love tell me the
truth you like them I love them how much
I love them so much good no I love them
alright you go to dinner are you wearing
your Boise State Broncos I'm gonna
change but you guys come here oh okay
you guys we gotta go she likes them yes
that'll be super exciting time when we
come mommy turd catch ya house a great
pot oh snap
we're not making any more babies tonight
right in the gonads mommy - I think you
aimed perfectly that time
mommies are just I mean the balls are
the big pink fall things on it pokey
thing on it let's see your outfit look
nice like your boots
do a little show-off for us tag you oh
yeah let's say part
are they Spike Lee come here Spike Lee
no Sparkle a rock tard did you have a
good Valentine's Day you're so cute did
you have a good Valentine's Day I'm
coming - good job hey did you have a
good Valentine's Day hey did you like
your present
I love them do another one I can't have
my what - another present another
present yes
what go look over there there's more
maybe nah ah go look under my coat do
you go look under my coat over there
what that it's more presents laundry to
do for later
what can't do that
whoa just a double duty I love you of
course I can oh just love you anymore
rock card I have other things you've got
something else she wants look at are you
serious no I'm joking
take them back door opener me what do
you think I got any more chocolates cuz
I know you like yeah sure all all day
lollies chocolate I think it's direct le
shirt Ellie I was having a hard time
deciding at the store which one was the
gayest I got you both well guess I'm
gonna have to unwrap it
socks and hair videos no I kind of
cheated because we did agree that I that
we weren't gonna get each other so I
kind of cheated did she did kind of we
agreed that we weren't gonna get each
other that much hold on what is this
icebox huh oh say that again do you like
it
dainty and precious too dainty and
precious Rock tard hi Rock tart it's so
dainty and precious alright I'll put it
on ya know look so I haven't showed
these guys yet wait here kepta do I like
thank you there's no macro on this lens
anyways it's a heart of diamonds it's so
pretty you do you like it I love it
happy Valentine's Day look there they
are
there's Conan and that's terabrite look
Adam those are the guys who have made
the shaycarl intro well I mean they made
a shaycarl intro that we've used for the
last basically six months ish look at
him
that's so awesome haha I'm not even sure
what contest they wanted but it was an
online contest with Conan then they are
terabrite that's so cool young love
Valentine's Day will congratulations
guys terabrite that's awesome
I'm proud of you guys so proud it's
really cool Congrats guys
