are you excited
tonight
what Davy tarde did you just say
terabrite is gonna be uncommon tonight
how are you sir
Co what Co nut doughnut Konitz Conan has
Co nuts what are you saying that band
terabrite the guys that did my intro
that intro that you just heard with your
lobes the ears of the lobes they went
some contests online and they're gonna
be on Conan O'Brien show tonight in that
cool baby time isn't that cool
they've come a long way from making a
shade Carl intro to being on the Conan
O'Brien show yeah what do you think's
more impressive than the Conan O'Brien
show the GG show yeah I remember that
show anyways go check them out I I think
it's gonna be tonight on Valentine's Day
Thanks so what is the best remedy so
when you have a cold when you've lost
your voice when you sound like I don't
know what I sound like but not like
normal I say that the best thing to do
when you feel that way is to go for one
of these days
I think my motorcycles sick too
come on baby come on a bunch of gas too
much gas
oh look at that
alright let's go in order to get this
body
just rag them herd of turkeys in the
middle of the road Walker yeah you
figured me out within a half an hour so
I'm free thank peacekeeper I don't have
what it takes better listen to what
you're saying
Edgar it gonna break with a hot life
no one is going to put you back you want
to see the stars get up astronaut get
fly
it's love
mom I rode my motorcycle to your dinner
and I saw turkeys should I have brought
one with me a herd of turkeys yeah a
random herd of turkeys up going over the
over the past try not to hit this little
threatening idea that's what are we
eating here hardly congratulations on
the chair competition she's been
sleeping all day she woke up at 4:00 in
the afternoon
sure lady really takes it out of you all
right
bugger picker what's on next to you guys
by who he's excited the girls we got let
them stay up late so they can watch
firework by Katy Perry because it's
their favorite song is it your guys's
favorite song yours is Taylor Swift baby
chargers does Katy Perry yeah
all righty excited to see her perform it
all right I think that's what she's
performing somebody tweeted me on
Twitter but I think that's what they
said but I love the girls stay up late
so they can see it because they always
want to watch her music video like you
can gentlemen behold
Perry gonna clap
hey what's that shirt you got on so
those Jake Carl's shirt oh not firework
sorry guys that's a good song she's what
I want to fear swing above the audience
you think she'll swing above the
audience
so your move I like that move
but this is art why are you picking your
own so much now it's time to go to bed
for all the little tars SLE IEPA studies
pp ing where to go slowly being time to
go sleeping and you will the dream of
funny things yeah yeah yeah now oh well
sleep it's going to you hey do you like
having your own room except you have to
sleep with rocked art now huh does he
wake up in the middle of the night I
wake you up pick the start you have a
hard time going to sleep sometimes huh
you like your dad so what do you do to
fall asleep that's it what does daddy
tell you to do this we got fall asleep
that's how many monkeys jumping on the
bed one fell off and broke her head
mamma called the doctor and the doctor
said no more monkeys jumping on the bed
that's a good one all right get your bed
quick start in your bag hey get in bed
yes that dart is still there how long
has that been there now there's been
like two months and that balloons there
which I feel like it's gonna be there
for a while also until it dies and
floats down but that dart has been there
for about two months now does anybody
remember when I first shot that dart up
there it's been a while
