it's the future the future of
entertainment
nice hat broseph I like it I mean what
bro always like to wear matching hats
hey baby tard what are we doing today
started what we doing what competition
Carly's cheerleading competition all
right you guys look nice with your funds
on your head
you guys have buns on your head how
silly but heads Bunheads
I was a fun head thanks aunt are
volunteering to do mommy's chore kicking
me I'll do it I'll kick you daddy that
exciting like the bag they did a good
job the first team is about to come out
it's the start goes I'm so excited like
that like a cheerleader
you think those girls did Doug close
your favorite part of their dance they
do that
oh snap trying to get a closer look our
way young man who told you to bring
those binoculars
excited nervous
there's Carly there's Carly the coach
there's mommy's head dominate
don't start dancing
well did I head back
lately for us not used to being up this
early
good morning the shelf fairy wants his
rent
I own this shelf and all the shelves and
all the closets in all of the land and
any little fairy that wants to sleep on
my shelf has to pay five dollars this is
like we're high
hey what are you sleeping on his shelf
why are you sleeping on his shelf
because winos picker where you sleep you
sleep up on this one that's a
comfortable picking your down there look
you can weigh on this here a clip on
this one baby target are you picking
your nose so much cooler shelves in
closets what's next meth huh
that's the that's the next step first
it's sleeping on shelves and then the
heavy heavy drugs
oh crap in your nose we're all full of
mucus I'm mad mucus leader I'm captain
mucus I didn't call me Colonel mucus my
princess card do you fit inside that I
think your younger brother rock card
will be pretty mad if he knew you were
taking up his chair he doesn't care how
do you know did he tell you Oh looks
like I'll have to bite baby turns them
off okay
bite it harder I think that all pied her
thumb off daddy I'm asleep
I'm asleep - I'm sleeping hey you guys
want to say if Carly water championship
her what he got the Carly winter
cheerleading competition she did show us
she got a trophy she got our very own
trophy well it's probably for the whole
team check it all right let's see take
this into the light oh yeah look at that
hot cheerleader yeah she's so hot if the
district I can't see fifth different
remember I'm not deaf district the
middle school cheerleading Invitational
bursts blows hey look you can see me hi
guys
yeah so eighth graders are the eighth
graders honey seventh and eighth or just
eight Wow so there's seventh and eighth
graders and they won and car that was
super pumped and it's 3:00 in the
afternoon and she's still asleep
we all are sick are you sick - yes you
are you're like a booger faucet like a
 that's it that's it you
know buck face what are you doing is
that your fort yeah that captures been
pushed back that were you guys go to
hide okay see you later bye bye I
remember me and my little brother had a
fort when I used to live in Arizona in
the couch nose in the tree in our front
yard one time we were skateboarding I
heard my brother Casey gone Shay Shay
and I'm like where is he where is he and
there was this Bush was like this big
Bush and it looked like really bushy but
if you crawled in underneath the bottom
it was actually like open up inside of
the bush and we thought it was like the
coolest little stuff we took markers in
there we'd write all over the branch
we'd write like Brad because we used to
watch Brad has anybody ever seen that
movie rad about the BMX
Oh could it be are they gonna bicycle
bookie for us I love that show me and my
brother used to always watch it and we'd
hang out we'd get a long extension cord
or we get our beatbox or like our big
stereo would take it into r4 and so
people driving by and would just see
this bush this bush like bumping and you
know what is actually another cool thing
as I just recently went on Google Maps
and found that house that I grew up in
if you guys want to go look at it it was
a 3902 East Desert Cove in Phoenix
Arizona and you can go look at the
Google Maps and see and I think that
Bush is still I don't know I can't
remember if I saw it on Google Maps or
not but it was like rad as you're
looking at the house to the right of the
door and I was checking it out on Google
Maps the other day and it's got a lot
nicer since we lived in it man when I
always he can't remember the grass was
all like brown and stuff but if you guys
grew up in a house go look at it on
Google Maps it's kind of its kind of
cool anyways bye see you guys tomorrow
we're gonna go sleep it's nap time has
word the sticky tarts or booger-face
tarts
what are you doing crying oh my goodness
no
I really thought you liked
