it's the future to the future of
entertainment is how
Oh
baby shower what are you doing are you
eatin breakfast why are why are you
tapping the spoon in it sounds like
you're playing the drums
why are you doing up she is so funny she
thinks that if you chop the spoon that
it will keep your cereal from going
soggy so she does that every morning you
can hear her when she's eating her
cereal because she's apt app captain
away with that spoon so does that keep
your zero I'm going soggy now you're
really going to town I don't know where
she heard that or why she does that if
you tell her otherwise since she will
argue with you about it so tap your
spoon in your cereal if you don't want
to a soggy baby tart it for you there
you go of course you know know me Oh
romantic that's so romantic things that
I know that you love water
this is awkwafina oh thank you two for
$3 well what a what a steal of a deal
two units divided by three dollars
that's 300 pennies so each unit gets 150
pennies it's one dollar and fifty cents
per liter of water thanks for joining
today on shaycarl math hour and join us
next time when we talk about biology how
to make a baby what are you talking
about I'm Joe I love you hey kids what's
up home skillet
I'm not filming how do you know this
isn't a camera this is an extension of
your daddy's arm
this is daddy's Bionic finger I've given
you the finger right now Charleston
shoes really do you think it's necessary
if you're gonna drink water I'm gonna
have my drug that seems that seems
pretty fair what's that that for me I
mean tonight on z103 oh that's cool yeah
totally is it a light is it let's see
which doesn't move like a radio mic
coming up on krq I'm venom n o P Q R SUV
next time on z103 they have to tell us
what songs coming up next
gated hairy fade on the microphone oh
losing my voice I'm obviously sexy voice
time I haven't showed you guys yet when
I was caught mom mommy tard it decorated
my office was really cool stuff it's
kind of like an example these are like
tin tin carving I don't know they are
carving things motorcycle that's cool
maybe those made out of Sun tart tin
it's good your guess is as good as mine
that's a pretty cool fire truck this
made up like bolts washers and screws
and stuff it's really cool
he's singing with his new microphone Oh
little short for you what are you
thinking the heart start spreading news
I am leaving today you got to be a part
of it
New York New York this is anything that
song say New York New York these
vagabond I lose the game
I don't know the words dude drop that
rental started like juggling this vase
okay are these everything we're getting
what's that yeah drinks on Oh focus
that's focus ask for discount if you can
get a discount I'm gonna sing a song
okay what do you think hi yeah
like duh you know that's my song rocks I
want to sing a song what do I sing rock
dark hey blessing bio soon by those nuts
a sing bottle sung these are getting
fingerprints all over my microphone
mommy tired we got a new hood ornament I
hate we hit bugs at the van make
specific there's a bug on our van it
didn't die yet
hold on for dear life Rock darn it go
down to the bed
y'all night Olivia and it's loading the
new hood hood ornament that's how he's
riding from now on he doesn't get a car
seat he's holding right out of the front
of the van cutie face
that's your hat you look cool dude nice
glasses
rock card needs a hat up there lost his
head hey the terrible face dude you guys
look studly man you look tough I'm
liking it next up on the catwalk we got
Prentice tired and Sunday what what is
it oh I like shirts what else you got
oh that's nice I think I like that one
better
yeah let me see the other one yeah I
like the other one better
it's more unique No
just you're stuck you're stuck at the
car lot
maybe tard you out one you guys can walk
that's why you have two legs that's why
we didn't cut your legs off we cut your
legs off and we'd have to get you one of
these every time are you super
disappointed princess tard
oh look at the hood come on you got to
hold the sad face longer if you want to
convince me hold the sad face longer and
I might be convinced excuse me while I
die
oh my gosh I'm dying I need to go to bed
I'm sleepy you have to hold the sad face
for 60 seconds one no you're smiling
again it has to be the sad face you
ready act like you're mad and
disappointed and pouting I have to be
able to see your face no you're holding
it for 60 seconds 1 2 3 4 5 6 turn into
a smile 7 up you smiled you lost no I'm
saying you can't smile you have to keep
a sad face for 60 seconds I have to see
your face so you can't cover up your
face
put your hands down if you keep a sad
face for 60 seconds ready go 1 2 3 4 5 6
here's smiling I don't think she can do
it she can't hold the pouty thing at
face long enough to justify giving a
cart all right let's see it Oh sad you
to be sad like you're really sad that
you didn't get something 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
and don't smile
no it's like he is smiling just sticking
his bottom lip out we tickle him a
little bit for me there on
seven all these smiles team I know we're
on the same team we didn't cheat rock
hard rock card
hey look sad for sixty Seconds can you
do it so I could can't do it dead
he's getting tired oh just chilling the
four kids taking care of themselves baby
turns to being a good helper she can
barely on her own so what we should
start a YouTube channel well just like
hide from the kids and follow them
around town and see how long they can
survive there we go feels good to be
home I missed these guys I think when
rock card grows up he's gonna grow up to
be a fisherman
want to see why that got you fish you're
not going nowhere I've got to sucker I'm
on top of you I'm the rock down the
fisherman oh oh it's not the fish you
fell out the fish you know I am here in
the bathroom and I was here um cuz one I
had to go peepee in the potty are gonna
be pita hockey and dare any 30 year old
grown grown man to say that I could be
the Oppie and on top of that say it in a
public restroom I dare you I dare you 30
year old grown men I go be being a potty
so look what I'm in here doing one I'm
going to be pee in the body and check
out this cool accessory in my back
pocket can you see it
that's right it's a bottle I'm getting
warm water for the bottle because that's
what all come dads do they walk around
the restaurant with the bond on their
back you see I thought I'm gonna walk
through the restaurant with this bottle
my back pocket because that'll look
sweet baby watch what you guys I just
I have something to confess this kind of
a person it's super embarrassing and I'm
not serious I don't think it's a joke so
don't laugh about it I just lost a
sincere game of tic-tac-toe to my
five-year-old daughter
I just lost tic-tac-toe
to a five-year-old toothless psychotic
booger nose right here she's the exes
I'm the O's to start what just happened
just spill your root beer did you clean
it up are you sure yes have you had
enough sugar yet you want some more sure
chug chug chug chug I can see the
comments now stupid Americans let their
kids drink pop we're just like we're
just like multiplying the effects right
quiz it maybe should build yourself a
fire there's a candle right down there
good title of this video five-year-olds
starts higher in restaurant 400 I fired
we're sitting here at this nice quiet
romantic fancy dinner and Princess Tyra
looks at me and says dad I think I work
is boring bro Leno biggest I've ever
heard anything reject me it was like dad
I think homework is boring
would you call me oh no it doesn't she's
such a wuss she always has our dozen
pair oh yeah from a poopy piece pretty
damn gonna look that's an upgrade or
downgrade what a cool piece sorry just
run her over like our kids one that's
not truly learn you can't have one of
those all right mommy saw a deal from
afar she saw it from afar
what are those it was cuteness they're
not rocked hard outfits but they're
really cute
do you wish rock guard was a girl no how
are you trying to say oh all right
I'd be careful rock tired I'm thinking
she's trying to put you in some pink
dresses I told you we already got you
something you're not getting up - do you
have money
yep how much friends so sorry oh good
just three think with him son tired
flashes the cash son Todd flashes the
cash Carly as real people ask was what
are you doing to these ninja target hit
sound like they were awful but they're
really good are you nervous I am I
haven't died yet my but that's a lot of
anxiety and it goes up there being crazy
oh nice had to do the cheer coach I did
16 girls I think made what I made huh
what I wanted to read well I'm just
gonna say what the heck was that that's
what I made great footage I just said 16
girls hair and makeup you win the
janitor walking their shows if you lie
to Matt you would start a fire in yours
like the whole dumb joke that's funny
their sprites honorable I'm gonna go get
chocolate wasted because I'm stressed so
Carly when I know Jenna is tomorrow yes
and we're competing against five teams
who've never competed against five teams
only three - this is enthralling Rama oh
so glad I'm here for this conversation
oh yeah that's nice a mic in any of the
competition are you gonna be the
competition booboo yeah you better bring
it
yes you are you can help me okay okay my
music girl you can be the pom-pom girl
promise to help
okay I'll get you your tiara princess
heart aren't you see at home family yeah
Carly Carly Carly
am I gonna be in the competition
tomorrow Carly Carly Carly Carly what
will I wear so moody this Christmas our
takes out for me yeah Carly okay so
here's the exciting part is we actually
um just bought Carly presents then we're
gonna run home we have to run home and
beat her home first yeah we're gonna
beat our home so that we can put these
good luck presents on her bed so when
she gets home tonight it'll be like good
luck tomorrow
register tell me what are we doing we
made some stuff for Carly tard why for
why did we get her stuff yeah cool so we
got her some flowers and chocolate and a
card that says good luck tomorrow Carly
we love you a little necklace that would
be so nice huh okay come on good job
guys baby turn baby tart do you like
what we got Carly don't tell her
okay oh let's go hurry before she gets
home turn off the light okay go now when
she gets home she'll see it on her bed
actually surprised all that's gonna make
me cry I have somebody who loves me my
cute thank you okay that's just gonna
cost $75 as off this is all I want is
just this nothing free chocolate hours
all right guys we got to go Carly SOT I
be to her veins
come on Oh give her hugs guys give her
hugs that's all you get that counts for
valentine's and the competition you
don't get anything out see you guys
tomorrow
