oh good yeah okay here we go hey guys
look it's green like holy crap does it
seem like there's a lot of us is that
weird look at all you guys oh you turds
what this is the whole cast and crew
yeah yes we're the we're the whole cast
and crew the shilly really really
wallaby right yeah there's a gummy worm
- he's even he's our camera guy
everybody wanted to meet Wally he's the
worm camera guy he films all the shades
hard episodes he's also in charge of
tweeting to the shanties and he will be
eaten in just a few seconds good thing
he responds well Wally is always
complaining about anyways ok so here's
an update we're back together again and
we're back together again
Shh I don't have together again shout
together again you're not singing
Francis chomping on Wally's cousin Artie
all right so no ordinary family I was
just in LA just got done I mean that
it's gonna I'll tell you guys when it's
gonna air it's gonna probably be in like
three or four weeks and I'll be sure to
tell you guys if you follow me on
Twitter or are you there are you are
friends a bus on Facebook Oh should we
do this you guys all right just because
this is kind of like a lame one taker
our good pals over at flip video camera
sent us two more of these hoochie mamas
if you guys want these we got to make
what should make them do you guys we
have to make it a deuce whoever can do a
thousand push-ups okay what do you guys
think baby turd Sundra what do you think
what do you think they should have to do
okay you have to do 60 go 60 what
push-ups like look I was just saying
that could be anything they're not
they're not catching the drift of
dancers
okay so go on friend us on Facebook it
will just pick one of you randomly on
Facebook and two of you get these lists
so they send us more so we just already
give them to you except for baby turns
said she wanted one do you want one well
one how much money you got you have a
whole three all right then you will get
with the baby card for three so like us
73 to just up the bargain center has a
Valentine's Day party tomorrow
oh what's the rock by rock time quit
picking on your older brother
