butchy beard is ascendant and rng kids
are awesome and then that and your wife
is hotter than expected and oh and then
then then then then then then then then
then then then da good morning everybody
it is a beautiful morning here in sunny
Los Angeles 70 degrees today that's
perfect just dropped off my rental car
here at thrifty and I'm waiting for the
shuttle to take me to the airport
I'm not headed home just yet I'm
actually going to San Francisco why for
an exciting reason and it's because of
you guys you guys hooked me up big time
and I'm really excited about it should I
tell you now I'll tell you in a minute
I'm on the shuttle my headed to the
airport
long time before I tell you about why
I'm going there I want you to watch this
first row leche and editing later I'm
talking to myself in a future date
rollin she looks so cute come by
hi I'm Brian and that in love and
together we call ourselves too tired
we both love taking video but hate being
stuck in front of the webcam or having
friends do it for you and since video is
getting so good at our phones we came up
with a cool new mobile video accessory
that we'd like to show
you
hope you enjoyed the vision what your
product designers have been working for
the last year out of this garage office
to bring this idea to you the idea is
relatively simple slip your videophone
anchor base grub the marker if the base
can see the marker it will follow it
with a marker you can hold it in your
hand or you can clip it on your clothes
we need your help to refine the design
and make this reality what we want to do
is think this looks like model and this
works like model and put them together
into one and offer it to the pre-order
but for those who support us will
involve in our design process thanks for
your support we look forward to hearing
from you cut that's a wrap
oh are you smiling
is an active army I wanted a
spokesperson for that proud of them
because these two guys they just
invented this this tripod that moves
with you and that you saw just in the
video right there and I'm going to meet
with them right now in SAMHSA's to talk
about me their spokesperson
it's a brand new product hasn't even
come out yet and so it's because of you
guys you guys can hit them up on Twitter
and on their youtube tell them that I
should be their spokesperson so now they
want to meet with you so that's where
I'm going right now
escalator stairs taking the stairs more
healthy right in a little leg exercise
to replace to give cars in the parking
garage in the parking garage I am in the
parking garage that song does get stuck
in your head I know they said they
didn't have any more cars and the only
car left they had was this one check it
P L W 328i I don't know what those
numbers mean I don't think I've ever
driven a BMW before kind of excited she
said it really hugs the road I said well
that's good because I love it when it
hugs the road it's one of my favorite
things this is definitely way nicer than
the Chevy Cobalts I just had leather
check this baby out
it's like stepping into pure luxury the
BMW we're pretentious drivers hug the
road smells good in here
Wow comfortable leather seats where's
the keys act just set there in its oh
here they are
what'd I do
how does this work I figured it out I
think you have to have the brake on when
you push the start button I think I'll
go with the sunroof down it's just nice
man
get used to this daddy's getting a BMW
hi hey is ready is ready to drive in the
BMW it really hugs the road
I'm excited see any of you live in San
Francisco I'll come pick you up whoa
check out that check out this cup holder
sweetness it's are the two niche
oh that's not it and for Valentine's Day
memories for a Hanna Valentine's Day
memories bullcrap Valentine's Day is
coming up maybe it mommy turns something
should I get her look how pretty this is
san Francisco's pretty got trees
mountains stuff get the guys I just met
with the people at YouTube that was
really cool just talked about future
things they're working on on the website
there are things they want to change and
ask him you know for my opinion on
different ideas features and stuff I was
telling him it would be really cool if
the person who uploaded the video could
thumbs up a comment and it would show in
the chat like a bigger thumb or like a
different-colored thumb or something
just show that the person who made or
uploaded that video thumbs up a specific
comment cuz you know how right now if
you thumbs up videos the most thumbs
that comment goes to the top and you see
like the most thumbs up comment but I
thought it'd be cool if the user who
uploaded the video Wow look at this hold
on look at how pretty there's a lake its
Sun
nature's cool so that was one of the
things we're talking about about adding
into YouTube it was just really cool
because they're really they want to
interact with the user a lot more you
know the actual people who use the
website and we're uploading videos every
day and we're on it and so they're
having these uh different meetings and
partner meetups that people can you know
talk to about the future of YouTube it's
the future the future of entertainment
is found on youtube.com and I was
telling them how um I think the future
of entertainment in general is just
gonna get better because all of these
kids all of you guys that are starting
to make videos you know that's a
generation of kids that never happen
like when I was growing up you know
we're never even thought about you know
making videos learning how to film
learning how to edit
how to do green screen and how to do
sound quality and all these things like
with lighting it's like this whole
generation of kids like you know are
growing up learning how to be filmmakers
because they want to make videos on
YouTube so you know a lot of people are
always you know worried about YouTube
like people in old media and the
newspapers and stuff like YouTube just a
place to go to watch cute cats or get
killed people get hit in the balls with
a basketball or something but YouTube so
much more than that now you know good
quality content that people want to
watch instead of TV is on YouTube now
I've had a lot of people say i watch i
watch youtube videos who are not way
more than i turn on my TV and that's the
future really it's like this combining
of opinion and the internet and how good
quality content isn't being uploaded to
YouTube every day by these you know
different content creators and how it's
just going to get more and more and more
and how we can you know develop that
anyway it's really interesting talking
to them and I'm just seeing their office
it's like ever everything you ever heard
about working at Google like I've always
grown up here and like these great
stories about working at Google is like
the best place to work it's true they
have everything there I should have
filmed in there I didn't think about it
because I was talking with so many
people but they have a rock climbing
wall in there that rotates it's like a
10 foot tall rock climbing wall and as
you climb on it it's like a treadmill
like the whole wall like rotate so you
climb and it's just like you have
climbed forever
they have a basketball court they have a
swimming pool and like a restaurant and
there's like like souldn't they're like
fridges everywhere like with waters and
juices there's food everywhere in there
I didn't eat very much of it come on the
diet but they have like a putting green
and it's like the coolest office ever
everybody like has their own cubicle but
they can put like whatever they want
which are all these cool posters and
statues and
now there's like bikes inside there is
just a cool ball place Society things
are happening now I'm headed to where am
I going I'm going I don't know somewhere
I'm following my map to go meet with the
guys from Satori for this tripod we're
going to talk about you know me being
the spokesperson and helping you know
get this product out on the market you
guys just way from the moment I first
saw that video that I showed you guys
earlier I knew that this is gonna be a
huge it's gonna it's gonna be in all the
stores it's gonna be on every shelf
invest by across the nation mark my
words the next two years everybody is
gonna be using one of these or anybody
who does video or facetiming on their
iPhones and I think FaceTime you will
become more relevant and other phones so
it's exciting to be part of something
that's just starting out that I know is
gonna be huge one day and to be the
spokesperson that is way cool so thank
you guys can you guys got their
attention because we're tweeting them
and comment another video saying you
should go to show you Carl's your
spokesperson they contacted me they're
like who are you who are all these
people that are telling us that you're
so awesome so you guys if it weren't for
you guys none of this honestly would be
happening so gracias from the bottom
bottom of my Corazon McCory son-in-law
week where pot is that body where pot so
I'm so boy no it's Spanish I'm so muy
bueno and what has been your legs
okay here's ready watch this another
both it's like I have a class of
students does it go 360 and I do is go
strawberry okay so this is the thing but
the flip is on the tripod at this
wherever this goes the camera goes so I
want to walk over here move over here
back over here back over here and it's
finally here's Brian say hi this is
Brian vlad right here in the back and
we're just talking about satori and this
is what it's the ultimate thing is going
to look like will it be 360 then you
will that's perfect yeah
so you basically you put the camera on
this I keep this
me and you can walk around and it's just
gonna follow you this is what it'll look
like it's a little marker and it'll
follow you around wherever you walk with
it isn't that sweet or like I loved your
example when you give you a teacher
you're giving a presentation you're like
look over here at the board looking over
to this or like if you're skateboarding
I love that in your video - you're
sharing the video we were like coming
like we're Tony Hawk in the next room
sorry right we'll work on hot women yeah
yeah it's it's creepy because it's like
their two little eyes everywhere this
moves are safe you can look in I didn't
wanna cry oh yes you can kind of see
yeah so here this one hold this one
holds the iPhone yeah see that's how it
works so basically just turns as you go
that's so cool anyways we're talking
starry talk to you guys some more later
bye this is how oh he's getting he's
getting aggressive with it now you will
you also come he'll succumb to my my
wants and desires bed he was prema he
look he looks proud of himself I gonna
stale yeah you're tough come on get it
get it here comes the domination portion
of the what's his name again
rocket put your red rocket away rockets
wait a minute so here's the hottest
chick in there
she won't be in the video so here's our
next hottest shape this is the next
hottest chick has a full beard and I'm
the third hottest chick you're the
fourth he's kind of bullying so he's mad
for it hottest trick you know anybody
with facial hair is apparently super hot
which I agree with 100% so we're
watching this Atari in action this is
Vlad okay so what you got the fourth
hottest chick in the Peru and he has the
marker on his coat it simply it's like
you know used to attach it to you okay
so Vlad
we are recording you on our iPhone and
you're gonna move around cease moving
I'm not I'm not moving my camera but
that camera is keeping him in the center
of the frame of the iPhone the entire
time I love your example we did like
this slow motion what's cool it's the
wave in the future it's revolutionary as
they say and they even gonna have
hopefully in the future
helmet mounts and they do the video
where they're falling absolutely on a
bike and this was filming behind them
the whole clan which was really cool
that was the trafficking the director
when I was on ABC are no ordinary family
he kept want to film me so I would give
it to his extended up so it's ready for
me so I had it to it with the camera on
and then he would hit he had the red
button which will turn it off so I have
a bunch of clips of like three seconds
of the beginning and the ending of the
conversation seemed like a ready after
he'd hit the red button it would turn it
off and as soon as we're done he would
hit the red button hit cuz he thought he
was turning on it's really turning it
off so like none of that footage which a
lot of it was really funny stuff we
couldn't even use because it wasn't
there you know there's like the last
three seconds of our conversation with
water Brian
he's in this Atari so here we are in the
garage where this device where this
device was built right here Brian Vlad
who who actually built it because both
Fennelly both built an apple either both
engineers and see wherever this little
baby goes so does the camera I love it
and it's an official guys it's official
here we are formally offering you its
togs of a product spokesperson position
for Centauri you guys we are going we're
gonna get the big golden boy so that is
except you guys we're official we're
gonna launch this baby
I am the spokesperson let's see like a
lot of my weight up my shoulder yeah
have great power comes great
responsibility
so you guys we gotta get this product
out there and this Atari was built right
here in Belmont California by these two
engineers and like I said you guys would
be seeing these a lot it follows you
wherever you go and we've already talked
about a ton of cool features for
different things you can use it or you
see the blind person want to use it so
yeah people white people can use it to
the line feeds like dumb person whatever
you sign language listen if you're blind
don't watch this video
wait a minute
no staying in I don't care I hate black
dude I'm gonna go blind all right so
it's official you guys we're gonna we
just talked about all the you know the
possible uses for this and it's going to
be exciting in the next couple months
you guys are gonna be developing new
ideas if you guys have any feedback you
go check out their YouTube channel what
is it what's the actual chance pounce
Atari star since hiring star I'll put a
link of course down on my pants
you guys go subscribe to them and be
watching for more videos we might even
do shaycarl satori shirts where's the we
show the logo if you guys haven't seen
it I love this logo it's Atari with the
blue I love that so look over here no no
no look over here it's over here hey
guys if you guys have any ideas how
would you use this you guys imagine
about to be able to vlog in your room as
you're cleaning your room you know
you're walking around I'm gonna float my
clothes over here and you're vlogging
the whole time and you don't need
anybody to help you film because you
have this space so you're walking around
your room you're filming you use up for
FaceTime that's a great use that your
wife was doing in the video anyway so
how would you guys use this this this
amazing technological advance with let
us know in the comments below
but it's official your Satori food light
and we're happy we need like a sign or
something like when you get matching
tattoos right now alright peace
