you guys if you have glasses and braces
you don't look like a nerd Gavin Masari
going through my awkward stage in middle
school doesn't matter what you wear just
who you are what do you think guys they
look horrible hey guys okay so we got a
new camera but I'm still using the old
one because it's got a lazy eye
no worms am lazy Gavin now has an eye
doctor appointment the other kids had it
last week announced his turn then after
we're gonna have a birthday party game
what do you do if you have to get
glasses our universe your mother are you
gonna be like curse you bad geez I would
I was my fault
oh I don't know I think you look super
cute though why if I like have to wear
them all the time and then when I get
braces every I look like a nerd no I'm
not you look so cute guys I'll teach him
I'll teach him I had to have glasses
when I was in second I think second
second or third I'm going to sure it was
second grade and I was so cute and they
were super big and round and thick but
and I was cute you might feel the neck
you could get context if you had to
anyways we'll see you guys if you have
glasses and braces you don't look like a
nerd Gavin I'm sorry if I offended some
people besides you're the ones that are
gonna look super hot later when your
teeth are so straight like shades he's
the straightest teeth and I'm so jealous
of his teeth
I love she's teaching I don't know why I
guess it's about time to go through my
awkward phase wait I thought you started
that like a long time ago
you're not still in it wait what burn
whatever who are these hooligans
I guess we'll pick them up all right get
in the car get in the car
oh really hitchhikers are gonna be picky
now the cars too messy
well get so messed it up you guys well
and accent mostly okay get your belt on
okay guys so I place and we're trying to
on different glasses if I have to get
glasses you know funny good if I was
going to have to pick a pair right now
oh crap oh wow
to the end probably these let me see
yeah I want to bad what do you think
guys they look horrible
oh okay then I guess I won't get do I
wanna keep going running which ones
those ones are done looking these
glasses are stretchy and this pair is
holding 45 pounds yeah this wrong hi
guys so I am I'm getting an eye
appointment I mean I have an eye
appointment thing and they basically
check your eyes and stuff can you tell
you if you need glasses or not and I'm
gonna get braces a summer so braces and
glasses not excited about it but it'll
be fun going through my awkward stage in
middle school yeah just look at all the
classes okay well I think it's about
time to go so seekers later people real
still they're all crap okay open dig and
look at that green light okay that that
burn made him laugh he wasn't expecting
a puff of air in his eyes all right dude
she's such a cool guy so he had his eyes
dilated he's gotta wear these really
cool glasses but I love you got the new
glasses yep doesn't leak laughing sad if
things get I might need reading glasses
but I don't need like this didn't
yeah super cool are you kids glad that
you got your dad's genes not mine hey
guess what yeah I there's a sign over
there that says shoes are important
Joseph Sandra and Dorothy it's true
that's all I have to say about that all
right look we all right Jackson's in
charge he's driving are you the driver
are you the driver yeah you want to tell
him what we're getting what are we
looking for
not for your spider-man no who are we
looking for present whose birthday is it
okay gage gages birthdays we got to find
him a present
let's go find him a present all right
guys what do you get for dates or what
would he like I bet we can find
something
all right what do we find for Gager all
we got and this big table set
it will Lego scalable use yes come on
yeah I think you like that yeah I just I
like angel halos I don't think that's
the same thing yes likes minecraft I
give oh well I bet you he's gonna get a
lot of other presents so we'll just
stick with this for now I just
are you excited for your birthday yeah
what do you want for your birthday when
it comes okay wait what do you want for
your birthday
I wanna get this big people
this whole aisle okay wait we got to go
to the birthday party dude this is what
the butler's do to their father
this is crimping time thank you okay I'm
gonna show my bad grooming habits
I feel like this is a posterity moment
that we want to have the babies look at
my son in my dad and my mom is my nephew
remember this moment this little
birthday present time okay hello Lego
every eight-year-old needs a king size
and a monkey card
ha ha ha their dads are doing I love
creepy Emmie she's fun
happy birthday game so I'm in an airport
and all by myself it's been a really
long time since I've been by myself in
the airport maybe not really in a long
time a couple months that's not a really
long time to be in an airport anyways
we're headed to LA I'm headed to LA
everybody else is headed to LA too but
I'm gonna simplify anyways I'm rambling
now I'm just excited because I'm going
to meet up with Shay he just got done at
the White House and flew into LA and now
I'm flying into LA to see him and then
we're going to run the Tough Mudder
tomorrow try not to think about that
part because I'm a little bit nervous
however really prepared or trained as
hard as I would like to but I just think
it's going to be a fun experience and
you know it's really going to help me
get over some of my fears that's why I'm
doing it so here we go I'm excited and I
can't wait to see Shay and kiss him on
the lips mom I love you honey
so last night I was packing and stuff
and have√°-- spent the night in my room
had a little slumber party she's it
she's like Shh
she sometimes cannot sleep and she hates
when we leave she just wants to like
calab on to us until we go out the door
which is like so mean so here is she
helped me pack and I was I bought his
backpack it's green and I love this
color it's one of my favorite colors
right now but it has this gorilla on it
and I was gonna take the gorilla off
because I thought it made me look like I
was a kid but maybe like no they believe
the gorilla on so I left the gorilla on
my backpack for you labia but I'm
starting to like I'm going through the
airport and I've got like a snapback and
tricks please snapback and I've got this
backpack with the gorilla on it I'm like
I'm going to be 34 this year is that
okay to wear gorillas and snapback I
think it is green gorillas and snapbacks
you got to be authentic just dress what
how you feel like your personality says
this is me you know snapback suru
gorillas is how I'm rolling today I like
it I should probably go to get on my
flight now hey hey there you guys are
I lost you but now your fail this is you
guys can you see yourselves this is the
camera that I lost last time I was in LA
I gotta go I was at a stoplight but now
we're gonna go Mike you guys guys we
have a very special pickup I'm very
excited she's a very lovely delicate
flower there she is
my delicate flower I love playing my
little flower huh what did you say is
that am I too old diverse snapbacks and
monkeys I hate those snapback monkeys so
Glen Eira is talking digest to do I
dress to skaters either like when - I
know Kassem G my friend oh definitely
I like it too and this that's what I
think we all just need to be authentic
and be who we are and not care about
what age we need to wear clothes at
right or sometimes maybe like thinking
we wouldn't know people think about me
yeah we're about to meet the Trix and
crew for dinner mmm
white bees wax on the face robot all
right I reckon that def is good
smell that honey it's so funny you're
just wiping that thing fellas fight it
oh I think I got that meeting or
something it's just like about it all
right let's go
doesn't matter what you wear just who
you are yeah we were on a performance
robot north and morning
I love the spin thank you they did they
say something my craft and which goes
like see ya this other yeah that's so
good
initial oh yes yeah this summer we're
going camping case Caylee are you ready
for this tomorrow
Casey talk to me about Tough Mudder
painful like go to Lake Powell analyzing
go fishing we'll have to go run 13 miles
all right Logan is getting our costumes
out look at the dudes
Blake hold it up let's see what is it
the Raiders we're called the Raiders
here's Danny Logan let's see the t-shirt
those are gonna get muddy you're not
even be able to see them nice short
passing out our uniforms for babies
soccer pants are they slowing in Derek
or trying to decide are they uniforms or
jerseys what do you guys think I think
we're a team for the uniforms
what do you call okay my bacon Super
Bowl my but that's a really little way
for man yeah we have to go buy some new
shorts little go try them on this is
what are you gonna do yeah you it
stretches
I think these are there so money you put
them on my bumper all yeah you smell is
it really the opposite problem
yeah are they too big rich Carly haha
let's see Danny see I started a trend
using a monomial I feel like you can
really move in there's Tyler
Tyler's over there Edna and in the
tricks and vlog Tyler are you editing
you're uploading guys check out the
tricks and vlog we're doing daily tricks
and vlogs
Danny get your shorts out of my Tyler
shot
get your jab what are you wearing shorts
on all right babe let's see it guys
that's gonna look like a very different
color after tomorrow doesn't matter what
color it is because we've done the first
like 30 minutes or somebody's you've
ever been this really pointless to like
right of natural - yeah maybe just for
the little sleep
no but definitely have to do it before
and after yeah you're going to look good
but they the Glen Helen Raceway I wear
shorts or pants they look the same
just lucky that I have a bball hoop
buyer I sit down and my computer to see
what you have done so far today it's
just nice see reality it's just a cool
family be good to each other
