Jeepers Creepers
hi hi hi hi this is shaycarl speaking
how's everybody's evening I hope it's
fantastic um oh my goodness gracious
what's this hey guys
shaycarl hair so so you guys wouldn't
even believe how tired I am I'm so super
big sleepy super duper sleepy imagine
the sleepy is sleep you've ever slept
I'm super sleepier than that sleep that
you've ever slept before in your
sleeping career hi guys I figure I
should upload a video since that's what
I do daily videos I'm exhausted I am
sick I'm losing my voice because I've
talked a lot the last three days I feel
like I've been non-stop talking it all
started yesterday when I had four
different shoots shot four different
videos yesterday in LA I'm in San
Francisco right now I flew to San
Francisco this morning and I met with
the people at YouTube the fine folks at
this little website you might find on
the internet if you searched it
correctly
it's called youtube.com you might have
heard of it
I met with those guys today and had an
amazing meeting with a bunch of people
and I gave a talk like at the main
headquarters of YouTube like there was
right in the front entry wary and she
wary area area I'm trying to say way an
area
came up area way I have a rock climbing
wall that is like a treadmill it's like
a it's like a ten-foot rock climbing
wall and as you climb it it rotates the
wall is like on a belt like a treadmill
would be and you can just climb forever
cuz it's like continually rotating they
have a swimming pool at YouTube at their
offices they have their own restaurant
where you can get whatever you want
they have putting greens they have bikes
and all kinds of cool they have a a
basketball court when you're tired of
working you could go out play basketball
it's like the coolest place to work ever
so I got to go there today and I got to
give a speech at YouTube just about how
YouTube has affected my life which has
been quite a bit and that was way cool
so I was talking to people all day at
YouTube I searched them as my boys so
just like my throat is like gone I feel
like I am I feel like I am one of those
people who have smoked for 40 years and
I have one of those audio things that I
hold up and that is my voice I my name
is Shay Carl I have lung cancer and then
after I was done meeting with YouTube I
went and met with the fine gentleman of
Satar II I'll tell you more about them
in tomorrow's video I have footage of me
with them a few of you not all of you a
few of you will remember this this
product called Satori which is a tripod
that follows you they have a little
marker you get this little marker it's
like the end of a pen it's like this
little thing and you put your camera in
this tripod and you can film yourself
moving around a room and this tripod
follows you wherever you go so it's kind
of like a vlogging device that's brand
new they just invented this thing and I
wanted to become their spokesperson and
a lot of you guys um you know sent
messages to their Twitter and their
YouTube and you helped me get their
attention and they contacted me and said
we want to meet with you so I came here
to San Francisco to meet with
gentlemen the inventors the creators of
this revolutionary product called sitar
II and I'm now their spokesperson I just
got home at my hotel home Here I am in
my lovely hotel room
look there's a heater there's my bed see
my bed isn't that so excited they see my
bed there it is there's my lamp there's
my picture that's my picture I rented it
I get it with the hotel anyways and then
so much has happened today
James Blunt was on The Ellen Show with
Justin Bieber Justin Bieber was holding
up a picture of baby tard and then James
Blunt was also on Chelsea Handler
tonight and he gave us a shout out and
he said that baby tart is a famous baby
and to check out the Shaytards online so
James Blunt pees to your face sucker
thank you and so baby turns it's gotten
a lot of acclaim today I've been getting
a lot of text from my family like my
sister-in-law and my mom and people like
I just thought I just thought baby tore
it on Ellen so exciting so it's been a
big day and it's late
and I'm exhausted I have I've expended
all my resources I am tired
so I apologize for the lack of normal
Shaytards but listen I'm headed back
home tomorrow morning and we'll get back
on track thank you guys thank you let me
just say thank you with a capital
gracias thank you with a capital gracias
I go to sleep now I brush the teeth I
peepee in the potty
I sleep sleep in the bed bed and I will
see you guys ma√±ana
I am the man with the voice of the lung
cancer I have been talking way too much
in the last two days and this is why my
voice is like in a
look your father
that's weird that's really weird all
right I'll see you guys tomorrow love
you thank you so much what a crazy day
this has been
