hey you guys so I just got home me and
baby Todd had to run some errands today
we do gymnastics and a little bit of
shopping I didn't realize that I left
Malachi outside the whole time we were
gone so for like two hours he was
outside in the cold and I felt so bad I
let him in and he got that really hyper
head were active like he does sometimes
when we get home and he like knocked
everything over let me show you what he
did in this room okay
there's pills all over the floor he
knocked over this picture that was up
here and the candles were not in that
position I don't know how he moved him
but somehow one of them slid over yeah
he's great he's like oh why shall he
knows I haven't a treasure house
I felt so bad but he is okay I'm a bad
dog owner you know he's a happy baby
baby boy what what's that to say so you
guys Rock todd has teeth right oh he has
teeth he bit my finger so hard today and
I was like oh yeah you got teeth come on
up Sean right 80000 she physically
bouncing oh yeah did you see him we'll
try again later when he's less than do
you miss your daddy
yeah mmm I hear you dog I miss him too
well I hope you got
I'm dying cards for my friends at school
for what for Valentine's party
whoa a party it's Valentine's coming up
I am excited do you know I'm gonna come
help with your party okay yeah you have
to come because there's nobody else to
watch you my baby tardo have a
Valentine's Day party it's gonna be so
crazy baby time you can sell the car to
buy me oh that's a nice day free my car
your cards you're gonna bring your
Valentine's Day cards every you're gonna
give them to my friends
yeah pay no attention to the mess behind
the girl hurry he's your daddy huh he's
not here she's there he's not here he's
there that's where he is
do you miss him yes that means yes
rocked our love's the computer he loves
to watch whatever we're watching the
computer but I noticed especially
whenever I turn on a video with Shay he
will pay extra close attention it's like
he hears the voice he knows the face he
knows the voice and it's so cute to see
that he knows his daddy oh yeah I'm
excited about daddy your hiccups tired
huh oh
so we miss you Shay so y'all know from
the last trip to LA Shay lost his camera
which before that he was using my camera
that has all the sparklies on it but he
lost his camera so he went back to you
then he bought okay so he was using my
camera he bought a new camera went to la
lost that new camera so came home is
using my camera again so I'm like oh I
need a camera I went to for admire to
buy a camera we always buy these the
flip ones cuz they're easy and I just
know how to work with them I know how to
use them
all the editing in the box I don't I
just I'm comfortable with the flip
camera so I went to Fred Meyer to buy
one it was $200 and I thought oh I know
I can find it for cheaper than that I
have in the past but I'm in a hurry I
need to use it so I'm gonna buy it so I
bought it last night so when I got home
I was like I cannot bring myself to use
it because it was so much money I know I
can find it cheaper so I didn't open it
I'm sorry guys I didn't film anything
last night I went to Costco today found
the exact same camera the one that I'm
using now the one that I'm talking to hi
found the exact same camera for a
hundred and nineteen dollars plus it
came with this tripod so I got a camera
and a tripod for $119 where I did just
buy the same chest camera for $200 so as
you can imagine I'm glad I did not open
the $200 one I'm taking it back to the
store and I'm this excited because now I
have a camera and I can talk to you guys
I'm not shut off from you I'm not shut
off from the world of YouTube I'll a do
me see your TV's rock card he does not
like it when we try to look at his teeth
he goes like that
because he's had already knows lately
and I started to wipe his nose and so
every time I put my hand close to his
face like don't touch me
hey don't you do what we owe he
helped turn out there in the ladies room
oh hey baby tardo what are you doing shh
shh you got ketchup on your face I think
it's been crazy oh wow what do you do it
you need good oh is that where it is Hey
it belongs there what's down over there
oh your puppy's in timeout okay
that's usually what happens to all my
home - chorus it becomes um
pretend stuff like that is a pretend
frigerator I think that's the
refrigerator awesome it's your boy your
pan oh it's a pan that makes more sense
you're right this is my piece of cake
 1 e 2 piece cake
I love dart nerf cake our tastes are
sticky ready action
is it red yep okay I just burped Rock
try to something you're going from A to
Z like I know what this is I want to
bounce you ready okay go for it
oh so now you're just gonna sit there
yeah ricardio okay you're what I see you
you'll tase me I can take you and get
you shot your friends take you the
friends oh wait he's your new friend hi
oh really
he said it's time to put on the show all
the other get your bed and I'm spoiled
time away
