to ask for the catcher big when is will
put it in the bag bum bum bum bum bum
that's cool come on must be an old
saddle great deductive reasoning sure
you see how I came up with that I looked
at it with my eyes and it was leather
and it seemed like it's something that
might want a horse and then plus there
was a picture of a guy riding a horse so
I thought that must be a saddle genius
some here at the era where this is cool
what is this World War one army uniform
let's address that gas mask that's why I
lost his head he lost his head because
it was a faulty gas mask headed to LA to
shoot for no ordinary family and I just
went through the security and I always
hate cuz it takes forever to but you
know you have to get redress put your
shoes on put your belt on and then we
stand there like try to get my stuff
together so today I thought I'm gonna
see if I don't take my belt off if it'll
make the alarm door so I left my belt
loop on made it through that alarm did
not go off so now I'm never gonna take
it off I'm gonna keep this note forever
that's gonna save me like a minute a
four six
every time I go through security all the
time what am I gonna do with all this
extra time anyways I was little
victories it's the little thick troops I
went through I was like so nervous I'm
like I'm not taking my bath when I take
my bath off I went through and I was
like waiting for it and it didn't beep
but I was like yes in my body because
usually I always take my belt off cuz
that's like a little melted metal buckle
but apparently it's not enough some day
I decided last night I'm getting my
pilot's license soon as I get back you
guys hold me to that when I get back I'm
gonna go sign up face back okay go
inside and nothing that pilots or say
hey guys
just wanna let you know I'm the future
pilot this one day maybe we'll be
friends okay I'll be back here if I see
the TV everything
bye already now are in SELEX idiots have
to get out of the big planner I'm gonna
touch it
oh here we are in Los Angeles California
you can tell because there's palm trees
and lots of cars and me that's how you
know I'm in Los Angeles in here right
now waiting for the thrifty thingy
called bus shuttle say me to rent my car
why don't you try them I always tried a
different one rookies used to keep us
though I usually always bought 50 so the
cheapest
this depends some of them are sold out
okay we're here at the rental car place
here's how this works I got the e the
economy the smallest cheapest car there
is and you need to choose between five
cars so which car should we pick you
guys have this little black Chevy this
little silver Chevy they're all Chevy's
it looks like this white one that's
actually the one I rented last time that
silver one I rented that car last time I
farted in that one I'm not gonna get
back on that one let's try this little
one
this white Chevy this looks nice Chevy
Cobalt
bringing reliable service to American
mean this is my real hope that means
guys we need to move back here we need
to move back to LA Oh dirty money speak
to me speak to me dirty money
thugs against drugs that car had it
spray paint on the side of it said thugs
against drugs
what are thugs for then I know that's
what that and I was like their thing is
drugs they're not for drugs what are
they for how do you be a thug without a
drug word answer me that fool my phone
was ringing and then I turned the camera
on so I was like hello anyways actually
I just got off the phone with my wife
and it is beautiful here today you guys
check this out the sun is shining birds
are chirping it was like 15 degrees and
6 inches of snow and Idaho when I left
anyways I'm here at the Super Bowl party
with all the homies from maker studios
and I just talked to mom retard and
she's mad
come on come on ladies and gentlemen you
just witnessed a man slam dunking a
basketball
this footage will never be uploaded to
the off
and that's why you do not do
methamphetamines emotions are high is
this yours this yours of you in it you
and this one of things for Oh baby last
play of the game
we about to cut Troy Polamalu hair so
Packers sorry Steelers Superbowl at the
Omni Hotel there is nothing but prestige
and quality for all of our guests okay
so I'm gonna go on set tomorrow 5:30 no
ordinary family you guys this is insane
I got a thank you guys honestly if it
wasn't for you guys watching
none of this cool stuff that I ever get
to do would happen so I want you guys to
know that from the bottom of my it's
like I should thank you so much
what happened apparently is one of the
writers hi writer one of the writers for
no ordinary family watches our videos
and just thought that our family like
encapsulated what the family on no
ordinary family was anyways long story
short he's the one that sent me an email
asking if I wanted to audition and I was
like sure so yeah tomorrow morning I'm
gonna be mean and it's not like I'm
gonna leave the Internet I don't think I
ever will leave the internet but it's
just cool to do these things on the side
I think for I think as long as I'm doing
stuff like this I will always be talking
to you guys forever
whether it's Twitter or making these
videos one way or other we will always
have a communication with each other you
guys want to see out the window I get
all my buildings it's all the way up is
that the Wells Fargo building the top of
the Chrysler Building I can see people
working over in those windows if
somebody gets murdered I'll be a witness
I'm gonna go to bed like I said on my
call times at 5:30 in the morning so I
have to wake up by like 4:30 peace I
will see you guys tomorrow
wish me luck wish me luck I'm going to
be an actor tomorrow
I should go look at my lines crap I
haven't read them for like four days I'm
gonna go practice my lines okay I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
