baby card okay your pajamas on in the
airport why do you have to put Gemma's
onto the airport because why cuz why cuz
you go to bed we just woke up huh
you guys look like you have tired faces
on Oh
psycho es have tired faces on this
morning that's not a tariff psycho face
son tired splinter give any quarters he
wants a quarter don't cut your kid all
right you guys rootin for today in the
Superbowl you rooting for the Broncos
Shh hey guys written for today I am
headed to Los Angeles I'm going for the
Packers
who are you going for my turn for the
Packers we don't really care I'm excited
to see the game but I'm not gonna be
able to watch it my cards that use that
face and Sears that face Sam so sad it
would be a watch the Super Bowl with my
wife okay let's see you're married I
told you no danger 16 you married to me
baby hey Rock
oh you rootin for for the Super Ball huh
go Steelers are you still curtains fan
blacken your breath in yellow you guys
heard the new one the new little Wayne
green and yellow green and yellow we're
gonna cut toy Polamalu's hair off us I'm
headed to LA to shoot no ordinary family
of tomorrow and I have a call time of
5:30 in the morning tomorrow morning for
no ordinary family at ABC so I have to
be on set at 5:30 to do makeup I don't
think I need that much makeup do I don't
even watch makeup maybe just some powder
if I get sweaty but I think it's outside
they were shooting outside and it's 5:30
in the morning so it should be pretty
cool in LA even even in California so
that won't be too sweaty that'll be good
anyways today's one takes Sunday headed
to LA to film like I said and these guys
are beating each other up
yeah some hard puncher in the face dude
yeah yeah there you go and I feel like
this is a long do your March but we have
March in your pajamas let's see you
soldier baby tard a j-hook March March
March March March
I wish I had a onesie like that
baby brother all right say goodbye
goodbye one take Sunday wait what no
that's well your big brother actually
thank you baby
I don't have any quarters say bye bye
bye
alright one take Sunday we'll see you
guys soon and like it and that's all I
have to say okay okay
have a super Berlin Booya happy Sunday
it's a vibrant star that's for sure
okay yes bye
