generator you get back home
whatever this is what rock card looks
like a fries been in the swing for three
and a half hour he exhausted uh we
usually put him in there and then he'll
bounce literally for probably 45 minutes
to an hour he'll just sit there and
bounce and then he gets tired and he
just like hangs there like a puppet your
leg sorry bro
you want to get out of there you would
GU don't know you still got some energy
Oh Oh second wind he's got a second
Williams that is awful Hey hey Artie so
you should meet my bro here hanging out
you know not much what's up babe it's
Friday night like you what do you want
to do you wanna what are you doing you
gotten plans from that cool don't tell
him I'm leaving it's a secret you look
pretty
why am i leaving tell him why I'm
leaving because you're gonna be famous
I'm a dad no because you're gonna be in
no ordinary family and I'm so pumped so
pumped I just got finished reading the
script it's exciting
oh do do do he was just hanging there
like cute doesn't bounce finish mark Z
is agnostic
tired he tire Oh pumpkin is tired
he's like a bird sometimes a bird no I
talking about no no he likes to call the
Russian government on that no he has
he's sending faxes please help me my
cover has been blown
hey I'm a spy I am a Russian spy here to
infiltrate the Shaytards Wow oh my tiger
but I always think it's a tiger for some
reason sorry
watch him watch him let him get here he
goes here he goes
he's gonna call the Russian government
time to call the Russian government call
him send him your fax don't turn it on
first gotta turn it on first I'll stay
here and he'll come crawl in my office I
don't even know it and I'll send I'll
here my printer going baby baby baby I'm
like what the heck little rock card
sending messages out to the Gestapo
message does not compute
you call them would they say they say
anything something about this bottle of
cough syrup dip back to me what are you
doing Pete hard sup Pete hard be
daughter the hose for nature that means
I just need to punch in the algorithm
the special secret Russian Soviet code
don't look over my shoulder and put in
my password and send before you know it
my friends will be here with m16 I think
I play black ops too much yeah I've been
playing black ops too often Schwarzkopf
over here momentarily what's the guy's
name you guys why did I don't date black
guy if you play black ops the guy I'm
not gonna give it away but he has
Russian buddy I can't know his name do
you approve of this color hair gel on me
card you did come here let's see this
dude son tard has red colored hair gel
turn around it looks like you're
bleeding did you get hit in the head did
somebody get a horse kick you in the
back of the head no turn around yeah we
just kind of try to just keep it on the
little faux hog there it looks good
though do you like it and all the kids
at school they liked it when did when
did you say they were like and I said
well it's color hair gel but it's red
and I told them um I have three more
colors green golden white so I got
something to look forward to and guess
what actually some of them wanted some
they wanted to get some maybe you should
take some to school and sell him be a
little entrepreneur we bought them for a
dollar fifty apiece maybe you take him
to school on some for two bucks that's a
fifty cent profit dog get it candy bar
1984 that what why'd you say what are
you doing you're gonna race on your
marks go false start disqualified here
marks get set go
and he's off see dude never to be seen
again does that mean to turn the camera
on right we're here
Jonnie what do you got there mommy tarp
that most feel some loose repaid why do
you need some booster cables her car
wouldn't start and we need him anyway so
we thought oh about let's we need some
booster cables that lady has a dead
battery let's go in by some booster
cables if she's still out there we'll
help her she may have frozen to death by
now baby
but until not out there then we got
booster cables
but next time we need them exactly howdy
Center say this say I'll be your
huckleberry
not exactly but that'll do I guess
look at that those fastest gun in the
West
sure yeah go ahead
I mean it's been forever since we've had
one of the kids in the ball pit gonna go
to all right there you go what Barnard
kids hurry let's go watch our tables
because baby chicky chicky
you better get out we're gonna get into
guys go on hurry oh that was you want to
get in there too no maybe I do down a
250 chance I hear you
we could pay for him I was suddenly hard
time understanding what that guy was
saying What did he say
they're only talking oh right right so
there only 250 apiece
so no matter it doesn't matter if you
pop only two bucks and fifty cents piece
I like that attitude
sure jump in there look at a four
tighten those balls I thought the whole
thing was gonna tip over
sometimes was climbing up on it oh great
we're gonna have 50 balls all over that
would have been bad we got our jumper
cables and I bought a little iPod so I
can jog with it I went jogging today my
legs are sore hey what's going on their
doors still open so we don't need
closing or the ladies still here so you
guys guess what were you able to give in
Samaritan so we're gonna jump her
battery
all right sometime where those jumper
cables know your dude let me teach you
how to jump the car like a man
let me show you how to fire up a battery
like am i indoors Oh Maya knows how to
fire up a battery cuz I'm a man I found
this battery yeah it's crazy car six Oh
your dad hopefully this works see on our
car hood - how do I know he was gonna do
that
all right we're hooked up Haley I just
let it turn a minute and try it I don't
know how to do it either
hi nice
see that yeah we're so excited all right
now just be 500 dollars is all sorry uh
vacuuming guys you need somebody to play
with and help clean up dog Hey
oh good good good all right we did it
hey I was wondering does I hope to rev
the engine I always like saw people when
they jump cars they rev the engine so I
hoped you guys know I always do it just
because I think it helps but anyways it
worked okay we did a good deed so I get
a cheeseburger now how diets work if you
do a good deed you get to eat something
that's delicious if I got an option okay
yeah we did it totally did a good deed
so now we get to eat whatever we want
and and and and God won't make us get
fat because we did something nice for
somebody right I want something in
return I want recognition you guys tell
me in the comments how nice of a person
I am
do it now what what look what you did I
was joking we're not getting milkshakes
we're trying to be healthy guys sucked
