you are now watching the Shh
good job alright let's go
you fill the ground here silly haters
gonna hate what ain't no meat second for
eggs good listen listen haters gonna
hate but let me play a song jbjb all
right you guys here's what me and mommy
Turner just here on this freakin vivi√≥
VEVO and this this video Justin Bieber
has half a billion views on it half a
billion almost 5 al I know you can't say
well doesn't say 500 million people that
watch this but in actuality it's some 12
teenage girls who've watched it 1,000
times
they're just 12 girls out there and they
refresh the crap out of that video we're
just talking about how crazy this is
half a billion views on one music video
came from YouTube Justin Bieber whether
you like him or not you have got to
admit he is one of the most famous
people in the world and that happened
how long ago a year two years ago how
long's Justin Bieber been around maybe
two years he was born seven years ago
here's what I'm trying to say the
amazingness of the world we live in
today and how fast information is spread
how many people know who Justin Bieber
is in two years it's phenomenal how much
things are spread around and mommy terms
just tell me about an article where were
you're in this up
- and to see when this movie came out
because I want to see yeah we're gonna
see this movie some blog came out where
it was like a his poster his new poster
promoting them movie and like all these
comments bashing it and just like what
was the days of the title of this it was
like parents hairs they're jealous of
Justin Bieber something like that and
they were I say give the kids some props
you wanna mean he can sing obviously
he's a good dancer he's worked hard and
haters gonna hate suckas but anyways
that's just amazing to me that somebody
in two years can go from a literally
unknown person nobody knows who this kid
is now he's one of the most famous
people in the world and that's not like
right saying like oh that's what you
gotta go for in life you gotta be famous
so you're not gonna go anywhere but it's
just crazy that that can happen that
fast in today's world with the internet
and how fast like Twitter know spreads
you know like immediately it's crazy you
have any final thoughts well and the
other part of it was the title of the
movie never never say never never never
say die or saying that's a false thing
to tell kids that they should try to
live up to their dreams yeah get listen
kids let me just tell you something
right now don't ever try to become
anything you know why cuz you're just
setting yourself up for disappointment
just just settle for what you know just
settle for what you can maybe get okay
because you're never gonna make anything
with yourself you know you're just gonna
be disappointed so when somebody tells
you you can't do something just believe
them okay okay thanks for joining us you
said that to her you must be pretty
proud of it don't listen to this okay
listen I just gave it and i said so
sunshine why did everybody at school
think about your hair this is what he
said
she likes me and I said yes I told you
what did I tell you - it's muy jokey
chiquitos bonitas in a la escuela I
looked you up bro I'm your wingman I got
you the lady
he's Briggs a start do all your friends
have a crush on your big brother - the
visible walk they didn't see it alright
well I think it looks very nice
especially cuz I did it myself
it is kind of crooked I admit yeah it's
a little heavy on this side I should
have cut that side a little bit more I
don't care oh you're so nice even though
your dad gave you a crooked fo ha ha do
you like me just because of this mohawk
yes that's how a mom eats aren't married
me I was like you like me just because
of my fat bearded belly
he did I kind of date or just to be
asked girlfriend how old do you think he
should be tell you ask a girl out boy 16
years old that's perfect
all right here's a little update with
what we're doing we're out here at the
local post office we're gonna pick up
some mail some tire you want to get it
okay is your first p.o box extraction
this is your first mailbox extraction
are you nervous I'm so proud of my boy
here eat it it's kind of high get in
there okay twist it to the right all
right okay Oh so luck I lied to you
okay so be it son tired or just out
running a few errands it's a little late
at night we just went to the peel box to
get the mail and now Sun tarde said he
wanted some colored hair gel we're gonna
go get but we were just talking about
dating that's why he was telling me he
was like I can't wait to be a second
grader and I said son tard dude listen
just enjoy being a first grader because
there's kindergarteners that are like
man I wish I was a first grader you
gotta live in the moment you gotta love
what's happening in your life right now
because one day you'll look back and
you'll think let miss being a first
grader and then I told them the story of
how a me and mommy tart met and then I
told him the story about how we found
out we're having a baby boy and it was
our nose our baby son tart was our baby
boy Thunder and I even drove by the
house I showed centered the house that
me and mommy heard first started dating
and it was kind of crazy cuz I just had
this like realization I have a
seven-year-old son but I just showed my
seven-year-old son the place that I
first started dating his mom that was
really weird cuz it seems like just
yesterday - yesterday Siri makes
agreements that piece of crap if you
guys um haven't yet these new intros
I've been using that this dude is
amazing
I think it's remix Sid remix sy de go
check them out I don't even know if it's
a boy or a girl
Sid SM idea make guess it's a boy
amazing amazing stuff I'm gonna play I'm
gonna play one at the end of this vlog
maybe I'll just do it right now you just
want to hear on right now this one I'll
do right now this is buttermilk biscuits
remixed by hey this dude called remix it
and you guys know our butter you gotta
relax your lips you gotta say I love you
who wants a fresh warm buttery milk all
right hit the word biscuit is fun to say
if you just relax
biscuits remix go subscribe to him guys
the link is in my pants
link is in his what do you laugh for
that he has like 15 of those videos of
us just like weird I mean amazing how he
puts that together and make this look
and sound cool
I hope we'll have no idea but go
subscribe link my boxer drawers we're
gonna get something for Sun tart where
to get a shirt something cool what are
you looking for right now what is it
where did you find this stuff it's
Swiper colors work it in water you
would've colors do you have green and
red yeah get white y ou be cool huh
we're getting colored hair gel for
Center those are the ones you want okay
so that's like a Sun tarde makeover show
you just got a haircut yesterday so it's
like you have to have a new outfit to go
with your new hair right so we're gonna
or and think about a new shirt the what
circle with the arrow inside of it yeah
I don't know I just see that I don't
know guess nobody's talking about a
circle with an arrow in it
and the guy has his head cut off above
the influence like no drug commercial I
don't know who knows what it is what's
it about I don't know but there's a dude
and he doesn't have a head and his
body's by a tree
yeah it's over by tree-like in this park
and then lunch and there's a circle with
an arrow in it the end no idea I'll have
to look it up who knows
leave in the comments I don't know sorry
bro I'm a bad father I don't know the
answer okay where are you at dude are
you in the okay okay you guys ready you
ready to be introduced to cigars new
outfit yeah he has a new shirt is a new
hairdo we didn't put you with your but
some of your hair gel in we got him some
colored Hojo okay so are you ready okay
on the count of three one two three Oh
going to the ground move I love the
ground move you see that rock one day
you'll be able to do that oh the world
doing the Whooper records to lure your
handsome prince the star do you think
he's handsome you think he's a good
dancer
what are you doing you're making dinner
good they retard you need some pea pods
eating some Adam ah maze you like those
girls were kind of feeling sick you
feeling sick still hurts uh Oh what are
those the lymph nodes and we need to get
your tonsils out what are you doing are
you stirring the grapes you're stirring
the grapes such a good grape stirrer
where do you thought the Gemma's mom
bide them for you nestor day yes she
bought them for you nestor day and
tomorrow is so nice of her I love what
she buys you jammies Nestor day I'm
tomorrow do you like those what kind are
they
they're frog pajamas yes do you like
them yeah tell us about him what's your
favorite part of them you found him in
the laundry room but I thought mom
bought him for you did she put him in
the laundry room
what I was dirty yeah so how many times
have you warned us before five times
what if you grow out of them what if you
get too big and they don't fit you
anymore no that's never gonna happen
are you ever gonna grow tall oh come cuz
why
you want to wear those pajamas forever I
thought you said you want to keep those
pajamas
they're lit are they too little for you
or do they fit they felt good okay what
happens when you grow up and you're tall
like mommy and they don't fit you
anymore you'll keep him like for a
keepsake okay sounds good I love you
take a night okay see in the morning
yeah nigga maketh come give your baby
brother a kiss - Shh he's here hanging
out do you love him he loved rock
guitars he loves you he loved your baby
sister yes he do
all right scamper on up to bed I love
you boo hey give me kiss
