generator fuck's your deck back relax Oh
King she says thing she doesn't stop
whatever just watch stupid video Monica
was good everybody's looking at because
her kids here I know sorry watch your
language
oh my secrets away my buddy out of her
money over sex I was gonna with you look
at the box
that's my buddy Adam from my old radio
station I worked at I just texted him
and asked him to play me a song cuz I
wanna hear that new P Diddy song what's
it called it's from this new CD last
train to Paris or something and I think
it's called coming home it's P Diddy's
new one it's funny because I want to
hear it because I remember I was
following is it is it Diddy is it P
Diddy is it puffy what is he calling
himself now back in the day I was
following him on Twitter and he was
talking about it all the time about
working on his new album last train to
Paris I've since unfollowed mr. combs
because he just tweeted way too much but
I love that song I heard it once and I
want to hear it again so I just texted
Adam and I asked him if you'd play it
for me is that unfair that you can text
the DJ at the radio station to fly you a
song specifically to their cell phone I
know him I know it's number I can text
him so I don't have to call through the
request line I can just text him
directly so I hopefully he'll play it
but sometimes you have to have your
phone off when you're in the studio so
maybe he didn't get my text but we'll
see if it comes on to let you guys know
okay P Diddy is I mean I don't know if
I'm saying if it's the right if it's
last what ooh my parts what P Diddy
puppy miss Sean Combs puff Diddy daddy P
Diddy p f-- little little fatter he
little Vettel little plays that's the
one thanks little pedal it's yeah it's
fiddle faddle
yeah okay fine success Adam James up up
he said sure thing guy oh wait maybe
I'll play right now no it's the top of
the hour after
the top of the hour see that's kind of a
role in radio at the top of the hour you
have to do your call letters and that's
KF tzz 103 Idaho's number-one hit music
channel and so at the top of the hour
yet to do the top of the hour and maybe
he'll maybe he'll plant right now let's
see
oh the five o'clock whooo is what Adams
done oh boy Skylar I'm Adam Jane well we
have to hear Adam to kick off the fun
blue sweater my buddy I know some of you
been here well it's easy to get I love
listening to dude listen to DJ's is like
my favorite part about listening to the
radio because I used to be a radio DJ
thanks Adam and coming home what a good
DJ and buddy I love this song it's good
I love the beginning of it
my kid
you should do I think mommy tarts you do
an interpretive dance to this song
what do you guys think I could write
back where you belong anyways thanks
Adam thanks for playing my song and
thanks P Diddy for tweeting too much but
I liked your music some of it at least I
like this song okay bye mommy's going to
Dennis what are you doing I could have
done it again
are you like addicted to the dentist um
they have to put my permanent crown on
and my temporary crown has a hole in it
oh snap all right call me what is up
with take it out at me and did he have
to hit show yeah uh we don't like Teddy
you know like Diddy
okay watch hey how was gymnastics let go
did you like it what you do do a
backflip you did can you do it on the
ground
uh yeah what is your backup off of
get into the pit you're getting better
at it
I told you dude if you keep practicing
pretty soon you'll building you'll back
up on the ground all that'd be cool yeah
but excited
one day I'll be able to a backflip in
space because I'm gonna go to space one
day I know I am I believe it's here I
come moon start oh you got a poker
doubles out
yeah book it those up you know what I
love about our new down comforter all
right who fall all the feathers you can
do one of my favorite things to do and
that is a baby body
do you have anybody food if you want
another baby body farm
okay let me pull up the pillows ready
ready
see a baby what's this gesture put mr.
bud for you by Slavoj what do you want
daddy you want a body slam okay but just
cuz I'm a good daddy look Rock charts
going he's grown something are those
what are those
you don't want I'm touching those rock
garden record hey hey nice you like
adorable adorable all right it's time
for baby tarts body slam you ready all
right here we go
you ready
do I want to spin around okay ready 1 2
your turn all right ready
this is called macho guys yeah after
that up to then you guys are next
this is called the helicopter of do you
don't wanna do there oh yeah
again everyone do the hell dr. doom baby
dark energy need a good body slam okay
I'm gonna pretend like I'm in the Super
Bowl and I just scored a touchdown
oh yeah watch out
everybody please remove yourself from
the helicopter pad
oh my helicopter okay
Oh daddy your jaw like a lined up toy
baby time doing a helicopter Slam one
two three back it was pretty bad oh
there no you ready tell them what we're
gonna do sometimes and I luck or what
Mohawk hello boys where you are or a
fauxhawk
okay so lately come here let's show them
how you do your climbing early usually
coming keep some water in here this is
how the Gherkin coming as Harriette okay
go ahead comment
let me just say this it's a mixture of
Sonic the Hedgehog Wolverine and Pauly D
from Jersey Shore it's a it's a it's a
triple threat kind of hairdo too exotic
the Hedgehog Wolverine and Pauly D Erica
burn so now daddy's incomes are you
ready yes
you want a mohawk no it's like a faux
hawk and get just trust me I've
done it once before
all right some turn you ready
is this bad to do what it's wet
nothing's mix or the air doesn't all
over the place all right here we go I'm
gonna just test out order one okay
that's good to know
so I'm just gonna go oh yeah I give it a
kid I can do this
there we go what do you do you can like
change the length a little bit get in
too close too close for comfort
I'm tardy nervous you trust your father
that's nervous you trust your father yes
your story why are you worried
you already won't look cool well no I
just said I've never seen I did it one
other time before as a while ago
don't worry dude I've had my hair cut
many times so I don't to do it that's a
good indication I remember one time when
my mom was cutting my hair like this
he she'd might never really did it
before she took off the guards like cut
around my thing and she forgot and she
just like what I thought it was wore out
and it was totally fall like here back
to here
dr. bball I had to go to school and I
was always like hey so wait you can't
wait is this a try because I don't want
to achieve it but even if she shaved it
it was still bald right here but I don't
want totally ball so we did cut it
really short but you can still see Alex
giant bald spot
I can just see that did you know how
long oh my god cool up and a bald spot
your beard fourth grade Oh looking
you're military now what is your major
malfunction mister you will get down and
give me 20 push-ups on the double go to
step words coming out of my mouth
okay one two three keep going we've
gotten four five and snips
probably okay what do you think I think
it looks rather tell God for my second
time
cutting hair I mean it's pretty good oh
sudden tard so trusting of his father
well it looks good look too bad okay
let's finish it up he fell did okay
alright let's put a little water in
there let's see what we can
during all the Chiquita's go neatness
mañana en la escuela - as muy mucho
bonitas Chiquita's in los escuela
mañana
Oh esta bien me amigo where we think
look in the camera
what do you think good rotate yeah do a
rotation a slow rotation turn your slow
rotation turn around slowly slowly
rotate turn slow party like a ballerina
done keep going
it looks good you like it looks good
okay no malli not too different not to
Mohawk II just taught fish is fish I
like it gonna be honest do you like it
if not we can put all the hair back
let's just look back that's good tank we
can just ring we can put all the hair
back if you want okay take it in shower
well my work here is done join me next
time when I show you how to shave your
armpit
