our powers combined we make Lachey toes
we are the baby toward apprentice toward
the Sun toward the retard and the always
beautiful long time and the ever hands
of incense with now the six-pack
baby tard what did you do you did it all
by yourself you did the rabbits bum
first is that what you said oh yes you
did
what you got Vince's hard what's that
one when it's all finished I know that's
puzzle yeah what a sudden hard doing oh
you better run fast Go Go Go hey tiny
you are so fast that's awesome
you're tired how long have you been
doing this
just since I left
that's a long time Jim you have jumped
soon now you don't fight here I'm up now
duck good keep on jump jump jump high
that's pretty good Shay oh yeah I was
his coach I want to see you jump that
high I can't you can't do do it Megan if
I head on the like I think you could
uh-huh I'm scared
the world record so proud of you
hi boys the world record holder that's
it yeah you take that into the kitchen
formula can you whoa okay it's like
trying to eat it up too late your
sprayer when I kissed him I got hair
scream I am mentally Mary get a haircut
son our DJ here come back yes it's time
okay ready
so very so oh stop it my belly jiggles
we can start that me the more jiggles
that means the faster it's going away
right you make fun of me and fight belly
jiggle so I'm gonna be like belly
chuckles okay guys I know the rules
computer Oh hold on I got why I listen 9
1 1 that's what you call when daddy
falls on the ground with his flight or 9
1 1
what are we good a weird this is the
Prowler here we go we go I'm going to
beat your record so hard I don't think
so Oh hardly started
hi era I need thy knees I mean
I wasn't like that was the hurdles never
met - you were going past you raise your
hands above your head
she's too short good ok I'm just screwed
up Oh everyone job it won't matter
okay we'll hold your hand out hold your
knife I stand on this whole train up
higher higher right above your head okay
she's gone funky moves can't really hold
your hand out big white elephant garden
you ready on the count of three throw
ready one two three
Oh better than nothing
rocked art has been taking nap and he's
been sleeping for quite a while I want
him to wake up because I wanted to go to
bed tonight so we're gonna go wake him
up but hopefully he'll be in a good mood
usually he is if he's had good enough
sleep baby boy should I still wake up
I'm gonna wake Oh
oh my goodness four times a charm hi mr.
head you're the cutest thing in the
world
next your brothers and sisters huh hey
hey what are you doing
doo-doo-doo what are you doing you're
gonna get up mom can I get up please can
I get up please I love you
wait for him to say something you are so
cute let's go let's go play good night
what mom said you could read that in bed
do you like to read
can you read or do you just look at the
pictures you what I love you you love me
yeah how come yeah cuz I'm your special
D Adi yeah and why you're very special
dad he yeah right yeah I heard that
do you love me too what what how do you
not love me I'm so lovable what are you
doing you want me you guys hear that I
love baby tarts so much hey who's a baby
you know what this is it's a sandwich
for you it's a knuckle sandwich I made
just for you with extra pickles on it
oh that's why I put him on there I knew
she hated him I made enough sandwich
with extra pickles you do yeah the dart
said you didn't yeah mom went to
McDonald's and then Prentice how he
keeps picking off the pickles ever say
word since she gives them to me did you
pick your nose
it's disgusting all right good night I
love you love you baby tired I don't
care it's a stupid snowflake anyways do
it was that yours or baby tards what I
take that back I love that snowflake put
it back you ripped off baby card
snowflake now I'm a trip off your face
bring it let's see if you try oh yeah Oh
guys are asking for you guys are asking
for it jump jump let's see it alright
come on
she punched me in the stomach mr. psycho
baby what are you screaming at what are
you screaming laughs huh I think we need
to ignore him because when we ignore him
that's when he screams but then we're
like Oh get the camera do you see it so
funny then he stops he's like yep got
what I wanted got the attention you are
working those legs out with your Fox and
I don't know what you got on those
pajamas also whoa yeah are you gonna be
lighting them not just like your daddy
yes you're gonna be mounting up dog just
like your daddy hallelujah praise the
Lord hallelujah I'm loud obnoxious what
are we doing mommy tard I said my ticket
like to sound smile I've been hiding it
stay out of my stuff dude it's my
personal stuff paying bills where uh pan
bills and doing paperwork and you guys
cool check this out check this out look
at this look at this you know what this
is no all these papers are I can't tell
you it's a secret no this is the script
this is the script I can't show too much
I print out this huge thing this is the
script for normal no nor nor no ordinary
family on ABC you guys go to ABC calm
the latest episodes there's all the
episodes you can watch full episodes on
ABC com we even watched their latest
episode tonight did you like it
I was exciting and then like it was so
exciting as we started watching the
episode like on TV and then I started
printing out the script and I got like
super pumped I was like I'm printing off
the script of the show that I want you
on TV that I'm gonna be on whoo I don't
know exactly what the air date is yet
but if you guys want to like get caught
up on all the episodes I think there's
like five or six episodes online go to
abc.com you see right there no ordinary
family and click on watch full episodes
and you can watch them right there on
your computer it's awesome yeah check it
up we know her that's so weird a show
you what is the Sun inside Xbox the
Kinect show that's Bridget O'Neill she's
Lilly Lulay on YouTube I know I know her
I'm famous I know her I know the girl on
the Xbox video what she's oh she's
teaching you how to do that oh cool
how much you love playing to net wow
that's cool you guys go tell her I said
hi um her youtube is Lily Lulay I'll put
it I'll put a link down there that's
really cool I didn't know she did that
did you know that no so cool me and
mommy talked about to play soccer we're
about to go at it rock garden sorry
you're gonna have to witness an
onslaught a slaughter of your mother on
the soccer field how do you feel about
that he's like dad you just wait I'm
building up my triceps my bicep my
quadricep and my other set muscles and
I'm gonna be all night field before you
know what kicking your butt yeah I'm
gonna right it's so cute booger face
