naturally knackery yeah what are you
gonna do when you're just too big for me
to pick you up
where's at somebody's house again can
you guess who's Carly's well she's not
in this chart but this is Carly's house
cool
hi guys we're doing a special episode
with our moms for Mother's Day and we've
done this before but this time it's
gonna be a little bit different I told
my mom we're not gonna be weepy this
time because she hates when it's like
emotional and we cry so into China all
of you what I got laughing so hard we
could not even do you guys are all
crying and everything and maybe we get
up there and we that's the best way to
go about it we're gonna do it again and
we'll probably do something with the
dads for Father's Day we're not sure
what you know beautifully Helen are you
full all right guys check it out we're
here put the light circles oh there we
go hey you guys go watch rank Academy it
just came out I pranked Casey and Logan
at the YouTube space in New York City
and we got him and they're tricked
we really got them eight letters people
doubting it yeah oh this is promise
scouts honor
I tweeted it they had no idea in fact
they own we almost didn't get to do the
prank because Casey said he didn't want
to come yeah he's like I don't know if
I'm gonna come why don't you guys just
go and come later might know dude you
gotta come I told them you would come
link below thank you hey Franco watch it
then go ahead her job we gotta face with
the White House look look at this
beautiful man
hey here again give it to me give it to
me Tim Ferriss
Tim barres is over there no you guys
born in the White House right now to
meet Joe Biden oh my goodness look at
Carly Shay's little homemaker made lemon
cake and this isn't trouble box this is
like real lemons amazing I'm excited to
try it
we've got all our mom where's my mom hey
hi
this is she beautiful in blue your
birthday's this month too
not this one isn't it well no well when
this video goes no not this video when
the mom see you goes up in May
it'll be horrible yeah yeah coming oh
there it is
the White House Casa Blanca
hey okay so what guys Tim Ferriss right
here you might know him he is a New York
Times bestselling author of the 4-hour
workweek the 4-hour body and the Tim
Ferriss podcast which should we tell him
- Tim said that I could be on it I'm
gonna be on his podcast I'm a bit of
good boy
it's gonna be fun but right now we're
gonna go meet old Joe Biden in the White
House hey we're home with my beautiful
children you guys are beautiful hey
spider-man yeah hi boys wants mommy to
hold him what are what are you gonna do
when you're just too big for me to pick
you up no no you don't think that'll
happen yeah that's bad man
yeah I don't know who's bad man yeah kid
Emma kisses damn
okay just oh just give me a chicken me
lips
where's your brother
yeah my father my brother do miss daddy
ah
say hi to Daddy on the camera hi Dada
Dada Dada Dada he's getting goofy huh
he's starting to get a little kooky
sense of humor huh what's this oh it's
an apple peeler you put the Apple right
there here
no peels it and Courbet yeah let me show
these people how to use this sweet put
the Apple right here Kevin gonna get a
haircut to get ready for place can I get
it yourself
um I said to her I don't cut hair she
cuts her you have to ask her she just
keeps being it till the day that thing
yeah but I want to say do you want to do
it yeah then you just keep spinning it
and it'll push the core why me not very
straight weights put it the other way
all that work now that goes backwards
this is not working very you have a
different one this one's an old one oh
it's not really much okay well uh that
tutorial over Apple I think maybe I
think uh we gotta figure out how it
works so again this is an old one so it
might not be set up right cuz this this
peeler has to go the other direction Jeb
Dexter yeah this isn't working
anyways you guys get the gist will show
you when it works
you guys Charles Trippy is supposed to
be here guys there's snipers on the roof
you gotta find them but there is their
sniper shot actually
all right just finished meeting with the
Vice President of the United States of
America Joe Biden maybe you've heard
their job guy a male that nailed it it's
on us it's on you guys here they come
they're blogging they're coming out of
the house look at that big you guys look
cool coming out of there Joe a soldier
love dolly feel me coming up can you
film us coming out of mine yeah yeah
yeah okay well we were just all sitting
over there and dachshund figured it out
so go for it dude Wow good job keep
turning it he has lips on those cheek
cuz I kissed him so cute I see hey mom
look see it peels it and slices it and
cores it cool huh I'm gonna bite it
right here give it to Kevin all right
good
Tomas do not mess okay well that's it we
were here for and campaign called it's
on us
all right you can get a jump shot yeah
see this go
did you get it did you get it did you
like the birthday oh that's cool that's
cool
yeah that's silhouette anyway so this
was my second time of the White House so
cool such a cool opportunity
anyways I'll talk to you guys more about
what the specific campaign is later but
we're about to get some lunch and eat
and there's the White House you guys
remember we're in there few weeks ago I
don't think my books still in there
what's that stuff look at that beauty
feel good I'm cutting down hair
come in guys missing something I'm the
one who's AG admit your unicorn
wait wait I need it can I have it for a
sec okay see the video now no you're not
at my team yeah yay what taking guys
let's do that
all right we're talking about lost
cameras I'm not gonna lose you guys
again we all slaughter on the set with
Studio C we get miked up hey Meowth uh
you know soon I'll tweet you tell y'all
yeah your eyeballs to watch
we've already loled a lot so it's gonna
be great
I mean it's not fun y'all got to wait
and see baby ready okay
so we're doing a scene where the shot
requires well they were gonna cut away
stabbing the back headrest of a seat and
I was like we got a stab what is really
do it we actually had a Cadillac
Escalade cuz that's in the script but
they don't want us to stab the head rest
of the Escalade why they wouldn't we
could stab the headrest of my truck sure
I was like yeah stab my truck
so we really do anything for the shot
don't we oh all right yeah are you ready
hey guys today we're in the back of this
unmarked SUV to see if this knife can go
all the way through this headrest ready
great it's got one more like that
hey guys today we're in the back of this
unmarked SUV to see if this knife can go
all the way through this headrest ready
let me just I'm gonna do it a natural
I'm a really snapping okay
yeah here's the real moment
hey guys what's going on today we're in
the back of this unmarked SUV where
we're gonna try to see if this knife
will go all the way through this
headrest ready yep it works work pretty
good it did work generate establish she
when this started coming out that's guys
yeah I hope what I want to start pulling
up some feathers that's funny babe
you're such a good gangster yeah let's
do one more time give me a count off at
home one two three it works that's
violent
maybe a little yep like its retractable
oscilloscope oh no we go all out let's
say you know her crazy I would be like
fine
hey guys this is Derrick Jones I'm
starting my own channel with my good
friend here
about presentation stuff class on our
platinum fossil brush and even stuff in
the back
I must add my news last vlog what I do
is very light Amina I'm just meant to
take I got a bat too baby
I kind of regret it I've ever been with
a lady stop shooting you could drop this
corset off ten minutes oh there was
everywhere is that a tough shoot right
oh but happy body that was so out of
tune oh I dropped the Horsehead I sit
down my computer to see what you have
done so far today it's just nice Syria
this is the cool family be good to each
other
