watching the she does is why
every year
all ready for
I'm walking here
come on go see what it is
I scare you it's scared all I knew were
you scared
was he scared did he jump with initial
reaction was there because like yeah
okay this is a big moment this is a big
moment baby tired come here come check
it out okay don't sure where it is see
if she can find it come here
what do you see what do you see over
here what's that who's that that's you
oh not not that guy that's not you
that's you on the CD look at that
check it out you're in Walmart it's not
cool
that's your picture baby charge you're
famous
want to buy it check it dude baby tart
on the James Bond CD in Walmart that's
you it's a good day it's your big day
everyone get one that's your sister on
the CD cover yeah you're gonna get your
own Wow all right there you go
your own CD cover you're like the
Nirvana baby
oh we just bought the last is that what
proud parents do they buy every one of
their kids CD in the Walmart music
section you're now the new Nirvana baby
you're even above Justin Bieber Oh way
better than Justin Bieber one shelf
higher Justin Beaver has no you can't
build a dam like you can she's like
who's Justin Bieber
if it's hard to have this idiot she's
like this is my sister I told her to
tell they'd be tired for to start showed
up for yeah she's your publicist it
print to start maybe good start trying
to sell autographs say autographs with
baby tard five dollars five dollars okay
you guys just work a little scam here
see money autographs you can sign for
five bucks apiece okay you enjoy now
hey we're selling autographs for five
dollars a piece now that is a camel
that's your mom okay do you hear the
music let's see it career let's see what
you're doing there come tell us oh we're
just talking about we were just talking
about I'll just tell you guys we were
just talking about being frugal and
smart with our money and not what you
drop generally changing lay okay a
thermal control um we're just talking
about you know not being done with our
money and being frugal and you know
we're just we're just basically having a
DTR I determine the relationship with
our money we're trying to decide are we
being frugal with our money are we being
smart with her money and she was just
talking about the hutch she just bought
while I was gone
where was I all over the country such a
world traveler
I'm such an international man of leisure
and mom's art bought a hutch as most of
you know if you watch all of our Benny
outs
and she was just telling me how that's
kind of been like a lifelong dream to
have a hutch and I sound so I know but
that's what I was like dream well that's
why I was like I gotta get the camera
out because this must be a life moment
if we finally fulfill one of your
lifetime dreams of getting a hutch well
then that makes me a pretty freakin good
husband because I just fulfilled one of
her life dreams son I just frickin I
just got some cash I pulled in some
green to buy my love my wife's lifelong
dream a hutch that was easy
what other dreams you so 22 I so we're
talking about like growing up my mom
always held like a china cabinet where
she put all her nice stuff in and it was
always like oh mom can we look at this
can we look at that like we would have
to ask permission to look at certain
things in the china cabinet like shed
porcelain dolls that she'd get down it
was like I've always wanted a place to
put my pretty things like that husband
in a box so have a hutch to put some
pretty but there's no pretty things in
it you have pretty things that are drive
to buy those pretty things but but click
one of those memories you know of my
mom's like her blue China and her person
doll right it's in the China can't touch
you know that's the nice area yeah area
so I've always wanted something like
that so that's gonna be our like nice /
touch nice dream fulfilled area so what
you're telling me is I never have to buy
you another hutch the rest of my life
well unless that one burns or something
yeah that's where you tell me scouts
honor promise no more hutches oh I know
you do whatever you know as a thing
about it that's what we're just saying
yeah I always wanted so it's like now I
have one and it's not like I'm going to
new one every yeah that's one you'll
have for a long time yeah if you like it
are you satisfied and I'm gonna have it
for really loud
are you satisfied like is that a hutch
that you can live with for a long time
yes well good that is you're not getting
any more fo not just no more much of for
you mommy darn we become like the were
like the new show on A&E
hot hot warning
a local woman in Idaho is named Hut's
hoarder tard hot or retard as 1700
arches are just so many hot Jackson
okay anyways we just had to talk about
that woman I hope you have a hutch in
your life and I hope your hot chicken
there's a lot of hutches in this I think
we've said I think we've said the word
hutch to two things one more than any
Chatard blog ever to more than any
conversation we've ever had in our lives
we have said the word hutch who is said
the word hutch more in one conversation
ever than we have had now never I
promise
call Guinness call the Guinness Book of
World Records say one more time we'll be
done
you
