ready for that you are now watching the
Shaytards follow along to the beach
ancestor
every and just begun
here let's
I'm walking here I'm at the airport
waiting for Shay to get off his plane he
should be here any minute and this is
actually really nice it's really quiet
here in Carly's home with the kids so
it's the first time I've been kid free
for a few days so this is kind of nice
hey where's my baby the store keeps
opening and I keep thinking it's him and
I keep like looking up like way excited
and it's killing me I just heard the
plane land and I can see the lights out
there so it's close he's posed here I
can see him
what is he doing Jake are all oh how the
door is closing on me again yeah oh
there's my baby
nice shirt it's yellow Oh
regular bright everybody I see us
sunshine and lollipops and rainbows back
in the saddle again and the family is
back together
yeah Roo are assembled our powers
combined we make Lachey toast
we are the baby thar the Brita star the
Sun toward the retard and the always
beautiful mommy tard and the ever
handsome and fit without a six-pack
shaycarl did you guys miss your daddy
you did prove it by sucking your thumb
oh good Johnson you did what we have an
airport yeah you guys had to go to bed
when mom got me at the airport but guess
what you guys do you remember I came in
and I kissed you guys last night but you
are all sleeping
do you guys remember me kissing you in
your sleep
do I remember or did you just have a
dream that a giant bear was attacking
you in your sleep I feel you felt when I
kissed you
yeah I came in and I kissed all my
children goodnight even little baby boy
tard a baby boy darn I rock darkness hi
you guys daddy's home
you glad daddy's home yes I'll fight the
thing I fought the barrier he was in
there he was gonna try to attack you
guys but I came home just in time and I
fought him and now he's under the stairs
wait what all right so we're gonna go to
some errands guess what we're gonna do
today kids we are gonna start you out on
a lifetime of savings for college or if
you want to get married or whatever you
want to do right we're gonna go and
start you guys a savings account today
okay and then we're gonna go out to
lunch too okay Suns hard what are you
gonna do with your money all right well
this is the money that we're going to
put in the savings account today we're
gonna start you guys all an individual
savings account and that's gonna be a
long-term savings account that you can
have for college or when you girls get
married or something or whatever we'll
find out but me a my will ultimately
decide what the money will best be used
for and if you decide not to go to
college you don't get the money
right let's motivator right and you want
to go to college good you guys know it's
a that's what my getting college co-ed
milkshake freshman 15
the freshman 15 um what's here to say is
oh did you guys know it's a federal law
you have to graduate college Obama just
passed it did you guys hear that way
yeah it's a federal law if you don't
graduate college you have to go to
prison oh no seriously you guys give her
one ton of MoBay ever heard of
waterboarding I'd sign up now if I was
you just cuz your dad didn't graduate
college doesn't mean you don't need to
I've heard of good you believe me for a
minute Wow that's why his approval
ratings way down right now nobody wants
a college everybody hates college
alright we're going to the Bo box and
we're doing some errands we're glad to
be back together the rambling again
we're so happy families can be together
forever that song and we can be together
forever someday we will be together
forever
I remember as a kid I was like oh this
message brought to you by the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter days okay but hey
you guys what do you think is it bit is
it time for us to make mommy dance to
get in the van again maybe sharted
you're not going to sleep are you I'm
sorry you're faking it I'm gonna come
bite your nose off
okay I'm gonna bite your nose off right
now baby target that was dark ah didn't
keep a straight face hey you guys think
we should make mommy turn dance to get
back in the van we think we should what
the answer we make her do the worm I
don't the grounds kind of dirty
we'll see if she'll do it okay there's a
clean spot right there she could do the
worm mommy turds in the bank right now
and we're waiting for it to come out and
then we're gonna make her do the worm to
get the van hey if mommy turd won't do
the worm will you get out and do it yeah
of course you will you will dance
anywhere any time for anyone won't you
you are not afraid of the dance who's
afraid of the big bad dance the big bad
dance the big bad dance who's afraid of
the big bad dance you guys know what
song that's that's the big bad wolf
isn't it who's afraid of the big bad
wolf the big bad wolf the big bad wolf
who's okay I'm sorry we're waiting for
mom it's hard to come out here she's
coming up excuse me Missy where's your
seatbelt hey centaur took Gazebo love so
that means you can do it too you just
would have Thunder jumped off a cliff
would you do it yes you would a cliff
you probably would actually cuz your
cycle all right mom it's art wait you
can't get back in the van son tired tell
her she has to do yep you have to the
worm
well just try the best you can
sundar will show you cares little music
okay ready go doing the word in front of
the fake what's the oh yeah I do that
and you can do the splits unturned let's
see oh geez
nice did looking good hi we're having a
dance party alright get in the van you
guys are embarrassing me okay so explain
what's happening now
so the banker apparently taught bank the
bank managers gonna come out here and
talk like Mickey Mouse dress and the
bank lady sauce on her dancing that she
came out here to tell well who missed it
homie yeah nobody missed it
what are we doing here she said you're
gonna do the Mickey Mouse boys oh boy
oh that's I like Mickey Mouse she said
do Donald Duck you're getting requests
said no I can't do Donald I don't know
if I can do Donald uh I'm not very good
at Donald uh just make any dog we told
we told mommy tarts you can't get in the
van til she did the worm so son tart was
hopping around their son tired good dog
get email what's in there you don't know
I just told you what's in there this is
the money that's going to be going your
guys and savings accounts okay you guys
are each gonna have your very own saving
account okay
excited okay I'll be careful
so we're gonna split that up between the
four of you push presses rock card gets
one son Targ purchase start you guys all
get your very own savings account okay
yeah and you'll have your own name on it
and your own what it's not a present
this is money that me and mom have
worked turn and we're gonna put it in
there
Oh president Oh it's Andrew Jackson let
me see
princess card are those Andrew Jackson's
in there yeah
his name's Andrew Jackson he's on the
$20 bill what are you doing there
all right baby Jared come on let's go
start saving money for your wedding
someday k okay what are you guys doing
back there he is robbing the bank
uh-huh you guys keep your hands out of
the safe all right
isn't that nice of her yeah I got
stickers cool she's nice pink lady huh
what are you doing you guys filling out
some financial forms you're looking to
refi looking to lower your rate on a
mortgage those are guys are doing okay
make sure you get your social on there
too baby tart what's your social
security number - eighteen twelve truck
okay we got hers at eighteen twelve
twelve did you eat the chicken now are
you yelling at the chicken up you ate it
yes you're right you're adding insult to
injury
it's already eat those fries they yummy
I like your hair today so pretty son
tired tell your sister to quit talking
over their mouth full oh what's going on
here
I want to give him the levers against
war um nom nom the lemon tastes like
fruit loops or get out of my face mama
tard that's tasty tasty Tommy yeah you
like the lemon that's fresh
I took fresh lemon just let him eat it
let's let him grab it don't show then
try it you have to bite it hard he wants
it Oh sour face sour reckon maybe tard
what do you got there
hold your thumbs up let's see what are
those and do not say close yeah those
are to put on your thumb so you won't
suck it huh
somebody sent us these look at this one
you guys look at this one what is that
you know what that is Scheckter what is
that that what is he what does this one
have on him a beard a beard let's the
ears drop cards we have one for rock
card here's mine look it's a little
carrot with the beard on it so somebody
sent me these because a while ago on my
thumbs up annotation I said that I was
going to shave off my beard and weave it
I was going to weave my beard hair into
thumb warmers so somebody emitted these
this knitting or I don't know crochet or
I don't what if I'm a boy I'm not
supposed to know that stuff you have
whichever one you want this one's mine
though anyway somebody sent us these and
they said it's for baby cards they'll
show remember not to suck her thumb so
put them on put them on you can never
take them off okay
you got okay got him on oh you can sit
up thumbs up now you put on your fingers
thumbs up your tongue some of you must
have lost it where's my card uh I ate it
I'm gone
