hello you poop we are just at gymnastics
today and we are with little rostered
and here chewing on his phone
are you trying to make a phone call
because it won't work that way it won't
that way that's my best GRU impression
we've been watching Despicable Me like
every other day because baby tard loves
it it's so fluffy I'm gonna die so we
are at gymnastics and the girls have
usually been in the same classes but
today we've decided to separate them
because their ability levels are a
little bit different right now let me
tell you baby charted was so excited
when I told her she was gonna have her
own class says you're gonna go and
you're gonna do your own thing with your
own kids and she's like it's my class
and you're gonna come watch me she's
just so pumped hold yourself hold
yourself oh he's so happy
look em is like a little inchworm
he loves you guys you know that how much
you retard what's you're sucking on oh
man your mouth my gum hey how was
gymnastic good oh good I'm in the phone
call to hear my country song
I love country music hello we woke up
today with like a foot of snow and
school got delayed two hours which is
kind of funny usually they cancel it
it's kind of fun it's exciting but I
always wish the show was here because he
loves the snow plus I do not want to get
out and shovel the sidewalk or snow
blowing I don't even know how to run
that thing so I just punched on the gas
and plowed through our driveway with the
cars Oh hopefully I can get back in Shay
has been in LA most of you know that if
you've been watching the vlogs he's been
in a line he's been way busy today he
actually has a chute and then he's
flying to Florida all day he'll be on
the flight you don't want to see airport
stuff again right we're much funner
right baby tarde hmm oh man I'm a dork
haha he automatically smiled when I put
the camera on him you know what to do
you know what this is all about you're
funny
he's gonna be the next Shay Carl are you
gonna be like son partying in a dance
are you be like daddy be crazy huh yeah
mm-hmm you know it rock tribe really
likes my earrings and my hair yeah ow
he knives he has a really good fashion
sense
how really he told me to wear these my
sister made these earrings are called
lapis I think that's short for lapis
slash liar you can't have them
they're my everybody look like they look
better on me anyways right they look
better on me Sadie has some new jewelry
up on her website you guys should go
check it out especially for Valentine's
Day are you gonna get me for Valentine's
Day I didn't get me some new jewelry yes
she is an excellent artist so you need
to go check out her jewelry especially
because Valentine's Day is coming up and
Mother's Day will come shortly after
that just some really cool stuff so go
check it out
ha rocked hard he's gonna get me
something for Mother's Day right
quit punching me he's punching me
shuffle of me
what about Mother's Day uh-huh mom
you're crazy you're crazy
Sadie's beats dart fire calm and of
course I'll have the link in our pants
huh
nope ances how about you that's what
he's getting me for Valentine's Day
you're throwing up on me that's just his
nap time for rock-hard and he is not
tired at all he's been wiggling and
pulling my hair and just he won't go to
sleep with kids once there about like
six months because you lay them down in
their beds
ah so they know that that's where they
go to sleep and you just have to let
them fuss until they go to sleep you let
them fuss for like I don't know five ten
minutes and then you go in tuck them
back in and walk out so they know you're
still there but they have to go to sleep
so that's what we're going to try today
okay rock hard don't be mad at mommy
we're gonna go put you tune-up - nappy
where are you going we're not going to
nappy time he looks way too happy to go
to sleep says we're gonna try it we're
just going to try it right you ready
look you don't really act like you're
ready to go to sleep you're gonna go
night-night
okay here's to hoping okay we're gonna
step out now ha okay here we go
night Shh night good night bye bye bye
bye good night but doc I'm gonna keep
them company why not we'll see how that
goes
no Shay I don't have the cam'ron mm-hmm
what I don't have the camera on just
just tell me your true feelings
and we're going to Miami and there's
literally Oh buddy I certify time in the
low worth my left and nobody is honor
because hazy nobody's on your flight be
a perfect life like other people and I
basically have my own bed there's
literally one two three flips five
chairs middle aisle and a half that's
awesome okay I gotta go to - hey he's
gone
oh so I left him in there but he's not
crying or sleeping he's talking to
itself so let's go
okay so he's doing really well he's not
even crying so I'm just gonna leave him
in there and let him fall asleep awesome
such a great baby sometimes I'm just
like where did you come from heaven or
something you're awesome you're awesome
baby Sean you're she we're going outside
Yoshi and after we play in the snow I
think we'll do something let's
intellectual you like it I don't know
where she got it but I found it in his
office
and I'm wearing it in honor of Shane
since he can't be here on this very
noble nobilis days of snow we are going
to play in the snow and I'm gonna wear
this beard in honor of him okay let's do
it
what are you eating baby part eats
everything under the Sun sugar
snow boogers ooh
that's not true she doesn't eat boogers
I don't think you watch this you should
try this Marcin Wow good job baby tard
nice 1ku waiting on me this is it red
yeah are the numbers I can't watch me I
was indecisive I didn't know if I was
going on my butt or my knees I'm going
on my knees okay wait you have to you
have to run and do it
hey princess charge source of snow angel
oh they're so pretty
what are pretty angel what are you doing
no what does it taste like oh that's the
idea you're not somebody pushing yes
welcome
hey centaur tell us why you don't wear a
hat you don't want to mess up your hair
who are you gonna go see you later
oh nothing sound just go see nothing go
go go go go go go oh man are our Hill in
our backyard is lame baby's heart what
is your problem you need to go potty
huh it's not always what happens you get
them all bundled up they go outside for
five minutes then they come back in hi
cold I need to go potty I'm hungry and
there's another one oh the joy we're
gonna go sledding find a hill and sled
and um we found our shovels it's ours
Vanessa why is it out here amongst the
trees oh that is random like frozen
treasure I love from a treasure okay we
down to spot that looks potentially
hazardous but potentially fun at the
same time yeah but I'm around you on the
other side cuz it's steeper it's steeper
I'm gonna trail I'm gonna trail blaze
this side first okay okay ready
okay let's do it again some hard it's
your turn you lucked this load lost you
we're going down together
short but sweet and sassy run huh do it
again
weights and hard white count princes
heart eat the snow were you doing your
doggy
and then Shailaja brush your teeth you
know little bezel smell like pee
yeah there's pee in it yeah and her
mouth will smell like pee
yes that's her dad daddy tart old smokey
I guess so princess heart and baby turd
there's snow monsters would you do baby
tard yeah
yes come on you're dancing crazy she has
a son turd socks on so they're floppy
socks
you're a floppy stop silly you like an L
Jimmy what movie Despicable Me imagine
that she is going to watch Despicable Me
one last time swear I am going to throw
it out the window
Emily dad a Mayfield and I'll be that I
miss you love you dad I miss you
