that isn't highway I'm gonna ride it all
night long
y'all going my way I'm gonna ride it oh
no give me give me give me yeah you're
going my way all right I gotta put this
camera down you guys let's try something
he's gonna try something my little
brother
Logan did this once on his car check it
check it we have in wheel can you see me
jeepers super screen buyers I'm gonna
rack on the floor goes my booth going
south on the 405 I wrecked on the 405
that's why I'm here in heaven
st. Peter that's a one-act play that I'm
right in where I go to heaven after
wrecking on the 405 and I have to sing
to st. Peter to get into the pearly
gates hey guys today's than if you want
to take Sunday because I didn't do it
what take Sunday yesterday so I get my
one take Sunday I'm taking it I have a
redeemable ticket of one time in my
vlogs where I said I'm gonna do and take
Sunday's and that's today even though
it's Monday and it's happening right now
we're gonna label this as one take
Sunday so this is real-time video that's
happening today all the footage that I
got yesterday user turning has I turned
the wheel it's hopefully that's not too
distracting but yesterday I got footage
of me and ed Bassmaster down on the
Santa Monica Pier shooting and that
video should be up like Wednesday or
Thursday up next week so I'm saving that
vlog footage to put up on the day that
he launches this video so it'll you guys
will go and check out his stuff if you
haven't subscribed to him do I just
coming home
I'll go back to my hotel from an
audition first audition I've ever had
that was like you know anything like
DITA is it and this literally the first
audition I've ever had in my entire life
and I don't know if I'm supposed to tell
you I don't know if I can tell you guys
what it's for but they didn't tell me
that I couldn't and I'm more loyal to
you guys than them so I'm gonna tell you
can't tell anybody though okay I don't
know if it's a secret that's why I I
don't know if I should tell you okay
I'll just tell you so I just oh Jesus I
thought I was getting pulled over oh boy
I just went to an audition at the old
Disney lot and it's really cool first of
all just seeing this whole lot I'm just
like I wonder all this stuff that's
happened here but it's a show for CBS
it's a new show called no ordinary
family Michael Chiklis is like the dad
looks like an hour-long show on CBS I've
only seen it a couple times but all the
family has like superhero powers and
like the dad's really strong I think the
mom's really fast and stuff so I just
got a small audition for this part where
I'm a security guard I can't tell you I
don't know I don't know I don't know
that guy stooges drove I was like Lucy
Jelena so I just did that and it went
pretty good I don't know I like I said I
never had an audition before I went in
there I was bubbly I was my own self I
was shaycarl and I try to tell him few
jokes make him laugh loosen up the crowd
you know woo I did this I did this
but it seemed good they seemed like they
liked it and he even gave me a few notes
they said okay I did it three times I
have like two lions and I did a first
time it was okay now try it like this
and so that I did it like that he goes
okay now change this part about that way
I just showed you and I did it that way
he goes okay it looks good and one of
the girls there she's like that was
really good oh my gosh you Brides say
that to everybody and then she says
she goes no actually we don't send
everybody so that was a good sign I
thought but maybe she really does sit at
everybody and then when that person says
you probably that's to everybody she
probably in turn responds to them and
says no we don't and so then everybody
hears that something or maybe it's just
me and I'm gonna get the part we'll see
I'm talking really fast cuz I'm kind of
pumped up but kind of motivate I'm
coming excited I just talked to my wife
and I love her and I love you guys and I
love everything okay I just ran out of
things to say so thanks for being
patient when I come out of these trips
to LA you guys know it's super busy it's
like go to a meeting shoot a video oh
that's hard it's so hard not to hold the
camera because I want to like show you
guys around where I'm driving but it's
safer not to anyways
that's one take Sunday I just did an
audition and it was fun it was quick
it's like a 45-minute Drive for five
minutes of me acting like a security
guard I'm putting up the chance back
here but I I don't know I don't know if
I'll get the part or whatever
so anyways tomorrow I'm headed to Miami
right Will Smith where you at
so I'm going to Miami for this ad
conference called nap tea and apte and
I'm gonna be there with the Rhett link
Smosh and iJustine Tobuscus it's all
gonna be there and we're
panel on youtubers so I'm headed there
and then flying back to Idaho unless I
get the part that I might have to fly
back to LA to fill the thing for the
show but I don't know just we'll see
what happens I'm just right now I'm just
kind of like I'm nimble like a like a
gazelle wherever I need to bounce I do
anyways thanks guys I was just thinking
how crazy it is to cuz I feel like I can
just like talk to you guys like a lot of
you guys been with us from the beginning
like you had know all the back history
you know all the little insight jokes
all the little things I say but then
there's some of you who maybe this could
be the very first video you're ever
watching you know I get on the website
if you ever heard of this website called
min stats X it shows you like how many
subscribers you're getting a day and
stuff sometimes the Shaytards get
anywhere from a thousand to three
thousand new subscribers every 24 hours
and just to think about that number like
a thousand new people found out about
our videos today and so it's like
there's a lot to tell you don't I mean
there's a lot to build somebody in on
the story like
you know so a lot of me really like
what's going on anyways I thought that
was an interesting concept to think of a
thousand new people having watched this
Shaytards video today this one takes
Sunday for the very % do you remember
what your first Shaytards video was like
what was mine remember who's the dark
and stormy night
first Shh arts video was like a weight
loss video lesson that's like the very
very first one anyways I'm driving and
we're talking weird you guys are in the
car with me right now we are having this
little this little one-on-one drive time
it's me and you what else should we talk
about what do you want to talk about I
know you want talking about you just
wanted like sure hey when you go to
California I hate when you go do stuff
at the station why don't you just leave
the station do something do you think
that or do you guys understand why I do
this you might think about you guys no
I'm sure let me just tell you guys again
in case you don't the station is just a
youtube channel the main reason I come
down here is from maker studios maker
studios is a company that we started me
and Kassim and Lisa and Ben and hi I'm
Ron and a couple other people when we
started the station we actually created
a company called maker studios so
there's so many things going on at maker
studios the station is just a small part
of it but we're doing things and music
videos and all kinds of stuff all across
the board
and this is kind of like my career you
know so you know I don't I don't know
how long I'm gonna be a vlogger like
realistically how long am I gonna be
doing family vlogs you know am I gonna
be coming to grub like 45 years old and
I'm still doing daily vlogs I just it's
unrealistic I can't
do a daily vlog for the rest of my life
and I don't know when it's gonna stop
we're coming up on two years March 5th
it's gonna be two years of daily vlogs
and so I'm just kind of like with maker
studios and this kind of stuff that's
just like you kind of spread your
tentacles right you can't put all your
eggs in one basket you have to diversify
it just spread your options out among
lots of different things and this is
just making oh maker studios as part of
what I love doing with you know the
internet and YouTube and everything so a
lot of times I hope you guys understand
that when I come down over these trips
is like these trips are like to invest
in our future you know for my family
like to get these meetings done and to
get these contacts and all that stuff
because let's be honest we can't do this
forever you know we can't we can't do
daily vlogs forever and ever and ever
ever ever ever whoa that was a four lane
change I made it whoo okay getting off
on exit 51 headed to where am I going
I'm gonna go to Kasim's house right now
and have some dinner and maybe I'll call
my wife and make sweet sweet phone
kisses in her ear that was gonna get
weird robotic okay I love you guys I'll
see you tomorrow
Matt oh and maybe I'm gonna call I'm
gonna call mommy tart and see if she'll
make a video with the kids I know you
guys miss the babies Carly sent me a
little video of her rock card she had
rocked her that she's babysitting them
cuz my wife went to a movie or something
and Carly was babysitting rocked her and
he's almost wrong I bet you by the time
you get home he's gonna be crawling
which makes me sad but I kind of saw him
crawl before I left anyways love you
guys peace in the Middle East see you
tomorrow bye
