Oh
all excited about the little things in
my dream life and
in your pocket you ever had for Guinea
to ask for the ketchup that Wendy's but
then you put it in the bag all right
yeah we're gonna airplane go to Los
Angeles here with my fellow bearded
compadre she drinks we just met in the
terminal and he's been annoying me fly
class 45 minutes at least
we call this girlfriend close her name's
Samara Samira hi Samira
I talked to you on the phone she's like
what show you this one anyways we're
about to touch the outside of the plane
he said he's been touching the outside
of the plane I know and that's good now
really safe Delta connections C&C dry 9
games diner go to evidence Jesus name
Lord we know and we understand the magic
doubt is living man you can fool some
people sometimes much again found out
that people allowed am I so good that my
super duper fantastic I know you guys
will have to say stop okay let Sarah
leaving the college oh my lightness
alright so we're here in Los Angeles we
have arrived once again it's so funny to
me every time that I get here I always
it's such a big block of concrete and
cement and humanity and cars and it's
like how could anything like this place
feel like home
but it is like I I do I think the more I
come here the more like I know I go this
rental car place I know this road I go
down here I've eaten there multiple
times like on here and it's weird that I
get kind of I'm like ah back in LA and
it feels good
how many times the who can go through
the vlogs and count how many trips have
I made out here it's gotta been
least ten trips out here not you know
County the time we lived here but just
me come here but it's probably 20 I
don't know I've lost count how many who
can do that who know don't that's the
waste of time
don't don't do that don't go back and
search through the vlog do your homework
do your homework IDs on gentlemen I'm
just got a text messages from ed
Bassmaster that's exciting I don't know
if I should tell you guys that you
didn't hear that I'm gonna be shooting
with him some videos while I'm here if
you know who ed is you know he's amazing
and awesome and hilarious okay so going
to the hotel and I gotta upload the vlog
for today
haven't had a chance I haven't had time
to put the vlog so I gotta go do that
and crap oh they have wireless I have
that I had this fiasco with my air card
I have a Verizon Wireless air card and I
went to go buy the new 4G and apparently
Verizon their price their air card their
new 4G that supposed to be super-duper
Trouper fast they don't have available
for Macintosh computers so I bought it
and I went to install the software and
it didn't work I'm like what the f word
part in my long watch that's what I like
to say long vouche pardon my long wat
anyways so I had to take it back and now
I don't have the VC access manager for
my old aircar that used to have
downloaded on my computer so I don't
have like wireless anywhere I want which
I used to have but the hotel I'm going
to does have wireless so I should be
able to upload the vlog but I'm
guaranteeing it's gonna be slow they
don't think it to Lisa's house Lisa has
really fast yeah at least in Danny's
house house really fast Wi-Fi so I'm
trying to get there all right so that's
the update please ok wait do not begin
until you explain what's about to happen
to me so here's all the the Domesday
tools this is like really creepy there's
gloves and my I wait yeah what is
happening here we have
Blagh look what you've done
you have ruined the vlogs we're here on
the station we're setting up a shoot hey
homies yeah they're about to uh yes here
I'm on the phone my diamond factor oh
yeah
tell Danny diamond to come on over che
says come on over and he's blogging this
while he's saying that so respond
accordingly I'll update you as we go
okay like tighter on my head when I have
to do my Shrek video and they had to
pull over these arms they're moles I
would shred that uses a lot of spirit
gum I remember they kept saying yo Shawn
can you pass the spirit gum need some
spirit gum on this I remember like
thinking like that's a fine name for goo
yes all right you know I'm saying okay
you're doing back here you're gonna put
it on no my original beard tards with
the one the remember the huge when I had
that I shaved at the end of January I
still have that under my pillow some
kind of hair you know what's funny is I
don't think it'll even be weird to him
he would just be like oh that's dad's
beard one nation I mean cuz that's his
normal life it's not weird he's like
normal life to find back that's not
normal for the shades hurt family it it
is you got a dad who has a beard all the
time and you see him shaving it off like
for the live show he like just like yeah
that's that's what we do this shape
dad's beard on a live show anyways
what's going on don't worry Child
Protective Services you can call one
eight hundred eight are delivered any
news on that
is that right yeah it's just a Vaseline
my entire beard
I tell you more stupid jokes will you
keep people you look like peace of the
hut
skin color no this is just that we get
like an impression everywhere and all
your crevices
mm-hmm afro why the random cotton balls
I just want to know why maybe somebody
watching would want to know what this is
a little better this has got really good
image stabilization now that was
incredible I was I was a hundred and
fifty yeah because I was like laughing I
mess it up let me see that'll be funny
it's like it's like it's yo my gosh I
was laughing so hard I was about to die
so I'm just back from the abyss
I felt literally like I was like 400
like I was in the inception I was so far
away and like so much was going on I
thought that you guys had pulling a
practical joke on me and there was like
a thousand people surrounding us just
sitting here standing here looking at us
I started cracking up thinking what if
we're like in the middle of a football
stadium right now I wouldn't even know I
wouldn't even know that I wasn't there
you know well I was like so it was like
I was craving um like senses likes I
couldn't see it's like that I was
driving me crazy
no like I had to communicate you know I
was like if I couldn't it was anyways it
was crazy
that's cool I would highly recommend it
I'd do it again yeah yeah yeah it was
cool it's kind of it's almost like yeah
very claustrophobic cuz you're like I
can't communicate like yeah it's like if
you don't like kind of steady your
breath it's like you could like you're
gonna suffocate what are you trying on
pick me a moose - moustachio mustachio
gee we wouldn't want to cast that nose
for ages he's drawn a moustache on you
Qasim Mickey is drawing a moustache on
you and it looks hilarious these I'm
gonna get a Twitpic got me a Twitpic it
is your phone I'll - I'll take a picture
with my phone
hey what's he's done I think I've solved
the mystery you did drop cigar in his
mouth
Oh draw a cigar with like a puff of
smoke jumpin out oh this is great
he's like you're turning to Sherlock
Holmes right now oh my gosh what is
what's on my not even see Bryan is it a
dragon yeah because it oh it stole my
beard yeah it's like dreadlocks dude
yeah Mon I've been the crabby and the or
naba was that again Caribbean accent
what are you doing there that was my
lifeline what's my lifeline while I was
in there dude that's crazy
the drawer of dragons is so cool did I
mess it up as they laugh too much
she's like basically but we'll make it
work I was dying and I was cracking out
that was so funny
how Sherlock Holmes going off you have a
stogie is it a big stogie
I think its foot hoping to be so yeah
he's like kiss or a band-aid I don't
know I can't tell okay people I got
double flips double flips double flips
sorry so very Sunday and we are pulling
off Qasim's like a snow castle I want
you to tell us how you feel hold on you
have this makes like slowly make facial
movements like facial expressions and
like
your face okay like like a kind of smile
and move around yeah and it tell us it's
so great I feel like I was come out of a
hole welcome to reality Kassem let's see
yeah there you are dude why is the nose
so bit Conor my culture wow that's cool
isn't it like so cool like you're gonna
talk yeah look at the front of it dude
check out that you're like the stogie
smoking my eyebrows really were in there
huh we see the best thing check out the
picture I know that's like when I was
leaving the picture I'm like that's kind
of creepy
how'd it feel it feels really good
actually like you know like it's
peaceful in there like you're in a room
but you feel like you're not in the
right exactly yeah it's like you're like
layers that we also did heroin before
well that adds to it
