but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is
and the show
ha
and the shade
there's the woman of my dreams
stretching over this chubby baby
is he getting fat your mom just called
you chunky are you a chunky monkey
he's a smiling chunky monkey hey hey
come here
maybe tard oh okay here can you put that
in put it right there we had to buy a
shirt just to get changed yeah put it in
there put in almost does it work in
hey let's Teddy look at daddy track
their nose okay go down there and tell
me which one you want go get one of
those yellow ones which one you want
tell me which one number 13 okay what do
we do one three okay grab it
got it we left our stroller at home so
you have to rent one of these baby cards
super pumped excited are you driving
baby tired what are you gonna name it
what's the guy's name what's his name
we're gonna name him what yellow why did
you come up with that name yellow rock
card you're gonna write yellow hey what
are you staring at hi oh hi there you
are yeah all right you drive okay mommy
card will be the engine mana cards the
caboose but she's got such a nice
caboose let's put him in this net
that'll be comfortable because it's like
a hammock it's like a baby hammock here
let's do
I told it's like a baby having such a
good dad I don't know what my kids need
to sleep they me baby how things do we
should market this do you think they
retard to let me get in there is he
asleep
what do you ladies think that's pretty
ingenuitive right we're calling it the
baby hammock
yeah he's comfortable yeah yeah you're
such a good helper and so is rocked art
he's such a game about this what I think
red looks good on you yeah I know my
colors God vomit hard it's not too long
trust me
I know he was blowing my earrings three
two one hit it you want it okay I may be
here let's see your air dude come here
what the heck you got rockin there what
is going on what are those called
scrunchies crunchies Clips your clip
heavy gonna be a rock and roll star
eating mommy guards hotter than expected
an awesome you are psycho dork
that's your new name see if psycho tard
red light on what okay ready one two
three wait do it again into the splits
I'm gonna put out my shoulders ready one
two
when you walked in with somebody just to
look at his face like yeah look what I
got you're not when you guys are rock
garden you found yourself a little chew
toy that's mommy's sweater you cracked
me up in a barn we're watching a wipeout
baby turd is checking out a little
wipeout let me tired yet you show that
funny you wanna watch firework and
Taylor Swift
all right watching a second
