all right
everywhere in LA everyone's an actor
what are you gonna do do so I just had
breakfast with the talented and
amazingly handsome David Archuleta no
big deal this might be the greatest
sunrise I've ever seen my horns broken
people listen you guys you guys promise
not to tell anybody okay but if you guys
end up telling somebody make sure you
tell that person not to tell anybody
that's how it works okay
brother do you like ridiculous
speaking of hot chicks there's one I
don't think I was
the hot chick walking down the stairs
take one go tell me this is hilarious
brother high-five brothers don't hug
wait switch it brothers don't high-five
brothers hug yeah
said you're talking about my sister yo
yeah Gavin you need to teach your
brother a proper soccer skills okay you
work with them this week okay well you
have to pick one
your job as a big brother to protect
your sister okay so you see any scumbags
come around trying to date your sister
you say you have to come to meet first
Punk
okay
Avia you wanna play soccer shoes on
laughing in my heart why is that closed
volume baby turn let me can I ask you a
few questions real quick yes how old are
you you're three years old well good
that's your new sugar from now on you
know your alphabet yes go Bronco go go
go go all the way all the way rocks hard
is just loving his snacks he doesn't
read the big handful take it in take it
in yeah he's like donkey that sign I
dare you to follow me I dare I dare you
this low down rock hard
hey clinch here's a jab and he doesn't
give up are you doing eqt pan good job
dude that was awesome
proud of you Rock turn you're gonna be a
dude on the sign here in a minute
yes they just watched it no you ought
you played soccer this morning they
watched it literally seconds ago do you
know your cutest buttons I want the
table medium-rare why should you get
that for you very happy for them I am
excited for the arrival of the
butterflies hey get out of there monkey
boy what you doing brown head they are
my friends and I will pet them thank you
good boy okay yeah get in there figure
it out can you do it buddy that's like
two or three weeks it's just
people
people
but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome and your wife
is
I don't think anybody else thought that
are you kidding me everybody saw it what
you think I said are you kidding me
everybody saw it well so listen you're
right I was uploading the vlog at home
and mommy targeted ring sent her to
soccer practice so she's like hey if you
can hurry so I hopped my motorcycle and
I cruise on over here like a good daddy
to see a son playing soccer
I pull up on this motorcycle it's real
out it's like all the kids all the
parents say oh look this is coming and
Princess are two baby tire like daddy
daddy that's my dad on the motorcycle I
pull up like so cool right I can't stand
out I go to get off like this and I like
lose my balance the entire motorcycle
flips everybody is look I feel like like
you know Texas Stadium size of people
were out here looking at me I land on my
bike all the cool points out the window
I think I lost some you're in the
negative I'm in the red zone with the
cool ones and I just like laying there
on the ground like this fat dude on his
motorcycle they can't hold the wiping
noses I would have had that on to dinner
watch my amazing unicorn drum solo with
my new band rock leather Python Panther
Teleca Nine Inch Nails Justin Bieber
