but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is hotter than
and the shame
the lighting seems really good in here
I wonder why cuz we're in the lighting
section but a bump so we're looking for
a new what are we looking for a ceiling
fan light in our room because the one
that we have has dead elk on it there
like elk tines I don't mind it but
Muhammad art is not a big fan of it and
my dad loves to plan is we're gonna get
a new one
my dad's gonna come take the other one
down and switch it for a new one and
then he's gonna take the one that's in
our room and he's gonna put it in their
room cuz he loves it because my dad's a
big elk hunter we're looking at this one
we kind of like this one it's pretty
nice you like that one yeah and what
else are we getting today kids what are
we getting what our chores today what
are we gonna do we're getting buckets
and shovels remember that one time when
bucket called shovel I wanted to hang
out with son tard well now that the
weather's good enough they can they can
hang out together what what they're all
gonna do it yeah that should be
interesting so come on guys
come pick out your own shovel what are
you looking at a fan you like what do
they want this colored one that's kind
of cute
oh yeah you guys like that pink one
that's kinda cute Christmas maybe next
year oh look who's okay come on let's go
pick out a shovel don't eat that one
maybe next year yeah it's not like a toy
you just look at it alright sprinkle
cookout some shovels that they can use
to clean up the gigantic mounds of
Malakai manure in the backyard what you
hear you're a knucklehead I'll give you
a knuckle sandwich all right take your
weapon go ahead and pick a weapon oh
that's good let me see that's a small
and has a handle on the end
yep there you go ladies try that on for
size princess hard that's it you're
gonna be picking up mounds of poop with
returners yours Malachi's poop basically
is gonna fill up this entire section you
gonna pick up Malakai poop yeah that's
your shovel that's just your size you
got yours dude let's see let's see you
use it for ten milk I just took a big
dump on the grass do grab the handle on
the end like this other switch it switch
it like this no no grab underneath yeah
just like that there you go shovel it in
the bucket yeah you have to did why not
the only that's gonna be fun baby tard
sometimes in life we have to learn that
we have to do things we don't want to
come on let's go make sure it's got a P
baby turned said she wants to tell us a
story so everybody listen up nobody talk
go ahead baby tard was it an avalanche
what story is this you're telling
Ellis Alice and wonderland and she got
covered up by the mountains Oh
did it hurt was she suffocating
suffocating pushy claustrophobic
was she a Republican he was get out did
she get out and up from underneath the
mountains did she like pickles did she
give me a thousand dollars sweet where
is it oh I guess I should look what
should we spend that thousand dollars on
baby tard
give them to kids who don't have toys
that's nice baby jar what do you think
we should do with the money give it to
kids all right sounds like a good plan
you guys are so generous that was fun
huh
he did huh firemen gave us pencils and
stickers that's right opportunity
opportunity to learn how to work cuz
that's what's important in this life
guys you gotta learn how to work did you
know that it's a long process can you
give us ice cream all right you got your
bucket and your shovel
you got your buckle and your shove it
make sure you have your buckle and your
shove it you got your buckle and your
shove it baby tard on the shovel you can
leave it a taskmaster no stepping in poo
number one rule of poo picking up you
learn that day one in poo school come on
guys there's plenty plenty plenty of
opportunity here so I'm tired why don't
you start down here right here in this
corner towards your bucket dude grab
your bucket
Malik I can't pick it up he doesn't have
opposable thumbs
what yeah because we haven't cleaned it
up cuz the arrow deal and filled this
entire area is this a gross vlog alright
kids get to work I'll check back on you
in a minute
centered let's get your first shovel
full go ahead there you go right in the
bucket good boy oh that's cute okay
princess art let's see here come on put
your purse down take your bucket over
there do your first shovel full this is
like breaking the champagne bottle on a
cruise ship we're launching these new
shovels dump it in there good job go on
inside okay come on keep going case we
go get us we go see an update on how the
kids are doing I have been sitting in my
office and I
the window so I could yell at him every
three minutes cuz they're getting easily
distracted how's it going out here oh
you got one baby tard throw in the
bucket now I told baby tart because she
hasn't been helping as much if she
doesn't help out more she's gonna have
to eat all this when she's done okay you
guys that's why you all have individual
buckets cuz that's your breakfast for
the next six weeks you guys did a good
job over here I think you got it all
cleaned out you got a hundred that's a
new high score I've only ever been able
to get 80 I'm proud of you well you guys
are doing a good job now listen after
this we'll only have to do it like once
a week and there won't be near as many
Malik I just had a good head start on
you he's got a good three month winter
headstart
now the snow's melting you can see it
all good job with Malachi what do you
want him to do he doesn't know how to
use the toilet he does a pretty good job
of keeping in one area it could be all
over the entire yard but he just keeps
it in the corner here you don't want him
to over there that's right he should
just do it back there behind the in the
muddy area all right guys keep it up
what you get it on your shoes will clean
them off when you're done Brita start
you're doing a heck of a job and your
zebra coat I'm liking what I'm seeing
all right guys keep going you're almost
done let's go outside and see how mommy
tarts doing with her little project oh
we got a bandit on our hands
he didn't drop the stagecoach yes did
you just drop the Wells Fargo stagecoach
yes I smell Highness out here so you're
spraying it white why is it white this
is the old color mommy turd spraying
how's it working yeah yeah there's a lot
of scratches there to your I just have
to put a few coats it looks pretty good
though I mean for how dark of a red that
is that's covered up pretty well pulling
away from you what you needed to do is
sand it because the paint needs to
adhere to the wood and it's probably
like a shiny surface so it's not
sticking yeah a lot of times you have to
sand it first so that the paint will
like get inside the grain of the wood
I'm so smart I know so much about wood
stuff you know you cannot think of it
that way I didn't think of it that way
you did you're gonna start snicker in
like 8th grade school boy smells good
though markers okay so tonight we're
going over to Grandpa and grandma's
house and we're gonna eat the fish that
we caught yesterday and I'm so excited
cuz Mommy char just baked a fresh cherry
pie how'd it turn out this side was
collapsed and I didn't put tinfoil
around it so this side nobody knows the
troubles I've seen
nobody knows my souvenirs loudly sir hey
what straw I just have to take it out of
the package and put it in the oven
somehow I managed to screw it up
then how do you explain why I'm so fat
oh I know cuz she always burns
everything so then we have to go out to
eat to fatten me up so you can eat me
like you Hansel and Gretel what was that
lady's name did she have a name
the lady named Danny Turner
what did we just look at on the computer
we looked at teeth and what was the
matter with him
are they gross and how wide of their
teeth look gross cuz why people suck
their thumb too long huh their teeth got
gross are you gonna skeet sucking your
thumb now you are do you want your teeth
to look like that no you don't huh no
right rocked our necks to be part of the
party you think I just want to be part
of the party guys alright I'm just
looking at the newspaper and I just
found the new mailer for target and
target baby tart I want to either look
on this on this magazine and tell me
what you see look closely what do you
see on there the cost you see anything
what's that who's that what are you
doing on there
I three in the air huh
why do they have your picture on the
newspaper cuz why you have your phone
that's you huh that's a CD by a guy
named James Blunt is he your favorite
English singer
oh he's not who's your favorite English
singer oh snap James Blunt has two girls
on a Mariam so yeah and the new target
mailer we're headed my parents have a
dinner of face of we eat the fish Wow
your tango your mucho your what is it
your thing go hombre you'll be careful
when you say I'm hungry in Spanish you
say you're tengo hambre but you say it
wrong you say I want to man cuz I'm
hombre and hombre like man is hombre and
hombre is to eat so yeah be careful cuz
you are either hungry or you're gay so
watch out I'm a gay angry man gay hungry
men safe
we're just leaving the house we're gonna
post office okay we're just leaving the
house and I got a another direct message
from Dave Ramsey you guys it's so
exciting for us like to me getting a
direct message from Damon Damon Damon
Ramsey hey Damon read it it's a bigger
deal than Barack Obama Tom Cruise Brad
Pitt whoever you want a name as a
celebrity literally if Barack Obama
email me today and say hey Jo I really
enjoy your videos I'd be like oh cool
the president likes our videos but I
don't look up to him as much as I look
up to Dave Ramsey Dave Ramsey is a guy
who I'm just like I want to be like that
guy and I'm like agree with everything
he says look I got my tattoo of Dave
Ramsey
um so we were just talking to me and
mommy Terramax well what do I say back
to him because what he said in his last
direct message to me he said my wife
just watched three of your videos while
we were eating dinner
now she's Shaytards crazy and I'm just
like what do I say how do I reply in me
and mommy turn we're just discussing
what we should say back and I'm just
like what if I say I was addicted to
your stuff for four years and now you're
addicted to mine oh how the tables have
turned Dave Ramsey creepy way just right
not yeah anyway so it was funny so we
still haven't thought of what we're
gonna say I mean I'll just write like oh
so cool cuz it's like you know he's like
communicating with me so you don't want
like come across as like a rabid fan or
anything and you just wanna Dubrow I'm
cool
yo bro we're cool you won't be cool I'll
be cool do you wanna hang sure whatever
I don't care I mean Brock Obama just
emailed me so whatever all right
let's go we're gonna get the mail on the
post-office box here we go are you mad
mom no you mad at the pious ruins are
you mad I married a woman who couldn't
cook a cherry pie I see your fish come
see the fish you caught she's gonna see
it she wanted to hold him she said she
wanted to hold it one more time before
we cook it
there they are they look the same or
they look different
are you sad what's that soldiers we see
got it and butter just have a little
patience see what you think if you don't
want to eat the meat your fish will eat
the flesh or you have a cucumber
whatever you want
