we got the kids here to remember that
two three
you guys remember that yesterday we said
we're debt-free oh craziness yesterday
when we were practicing we're saying
we're debt-free but Prince's tired you
were you're saying Prince's tired
yesterday you're saying debt three he
was young
we're dead three that's like what debt
three anyways so today's one takes
Sunday I have a ton of really fun
footage from when we went um fishing
yesterday and we even made it into the
local newspaper they have an article and
they asked us questions and Prince's
tard is in the paper one of the local
newspaper reporters asked princess Hart
how many fish you caught and she showed
him her fish and she said I'm gonna name
my fish bo and our we have a whole bunch
of footage of the kids catching fish but
that's gonna be tomorrow
today's one takes Sunday we've been busy
with the church from trying to clean the
house doing the robot we've been really
busy doing the robot so strenuous plus
you know the play officer today and it's
it's been crazy we've had to sit on the
couch and watch the Seahawks lose and
maybe the Patriots loose rock guard
what's the rock cart doing you're
reading a book rock hard that's pretty
advanced for your age here let me get it
for you hi here's your book you guys
remember this book anybody ever have
this book hurry I know that's like all
these books I'm seeing the kids read I'm
like I remember reading that as a kid
all right so you guys I have got to
thank you for everything literally
everything we have is because of you
guys and supporting us and big news I
woke up this morning to a tweet from
that man himself Dave Ramsey tweeted and
he actually tweeted our video from
yesterday so if you haven't seen
yesterday's video our story of how we
got on the debt we were on the radio
we took the audio out of it and we
filmed it you guys got to go check it
out thank you for everybody you know
tweeting it and I've been reading raises
tweets all day literally been just
laying on the couch
every one of your guys's tweets and Dave
Ramsey tweeted me like twice plus plus I
don't want to brag but he sent me a
direct message on Twitter and ice and
he's following me now so now I'm like
way nervous I'm like nervous what I'm
gonna tweet from now on I did I guess
that means no more cussing and naked
tweets for me you have to cut it cut
myself off so Dave Ramsey and he even
said in one of his tweets oh he watched
some of our videos so mommy tired that
was a good call to tell Dave Ramsey to
watch some of our videos he said he did
and he said that he felt like an ugly
old proud uncle and I was like yes so
seriously guys from the bottom of my
heart thank you and I wanna it's so
frustrating because I want to thank each
of you individually but because of you
know pure volume it's almost impossible
but I've been reading your guys's tweets
and I so appreciate your comments and
it's been a good day it's been a really
exciting day tomorrow
fishing vlog and it might be a long way
I think I have like an hour of footage
so I'll try to cut it down to something
manageable but there's even a funny part
where Logan gets smacked in the face
with a fish with the fish they're
looking forward to that one
okay guys say bye
Oh Oh princess start let's show what
happened
whopping here / - start lawsuit - what'd
you say by Deborah whom to see hey show
us your money
that's another - think it's in
tomorrow's video princess heart is now
doing shoutouts in her in our vlogs
people that watch our videos that go to
school with her she's now doing
shoutouts to those people so she lost it
- that's five duck that's my bucks every
shadow does five dollars so you want to
shout out anybody else who alright
thanks again guys I'll have a video up
earlier tomorrow I know I've been kind
of get them up late lately but tomorrow
we'll have one up early go Jess who's
written for the Jets I'm always rooting
for the underdog cuz I don't think
anybody was planning on the Jets winning
but they're up like by a touchdown it's
pretty crazy okay see you guys tomorrow
peace bye
