okay guys today is going to be kind of a
well not kind of it is definitely
absolutely positively going to be a
different type of video something
exciting and special happened to us
yesterday Friday yeah yesterday Saturday
we're kind of like getting the video up
because we just went fishing this
weekend and it was awesome we didn't
know if we wanted to share this with you
guys because one it's kind of personal
and two I means a lot to us it means a
tonne huge tell it's a big deal and the
reason that we thought the maybe we
didn't want to share is because we know
Brene people aren't oh you know you
always get that hate is gonna hurry
right so we thought to ourselves well
okay haters gonna hate whatever but a
lot of people will benefit from hearing
this our story about getting out of debt
and the collective eyeballs roll oh geez
he's gonna talk about Dave Ramsey some
of you are admit it poorer eyeballs back
quit rolling them there's eye ball
rolling going on out there so what we
did on Friday as we were getting ready
to go fishing for the weekend and we're
listening to Dave Ramsey like we usually
do and it's debt-free Friday every
Friday he has people call in to the show
and they tell their story about how they
got to out of debt and then they at the
end of the story they just scream we're
dead free now we've been listening to
this for like four years and we've been
in debt for the last four years and
every time I'm working on it for the lot
to get out of debt exactly and every
time we hear the this Friday show that
the debt free Friday like tears always
come to our eyes because we're just like
that freedom think about having that
freedom of not owing somebody not being
a slave to somebody else the debtor is
slave to the lender this Friday was
finally our day was our debt free Friday
usually you can't get through like we
called she was caught on one falling 20
times at least like each of us we both
had song get our home phone ringing and
finally I was like
it looks like let's go fish and let's
not worry about it so the lady answered
she's like the Dave Ramsey show I'm like
hi we got through and then we had that
wait on hold for like 45 minutes and our
four kids cuz I wanted them to be there
so they could yell we're debt-free and
they're just sitting there like does
more yeah cuz you know they go to
commercial and with live radio you know
they have to put you on hold until it's
your turn because I don't know you know
if a caller's gonna take longer than you
know whatever okay so what I did is I
took the audio because I'm like a I'm a
member of Dave Ramsey's website so I
download the audio off of their podcast
and I'm gonna lay the audio over the
video so you can hear Dave and us
talking at the same time and this is the
video alright so if you guys have any
lot yeah so don't don't hate trolls and
if you hate we love you and then eat
some chicken alfredo because that's what
we're about you were having I don't know
if that's necessary to invite them to
eat you're gonna afraid it was but okay
so here it is thanks guys see you
tomorrow oh mine I did this no this is
like let's do a handshake oh yeah check
pretty sure I never yes we did on the
live video when it we have to or in a
perfect it we have a special handshake
for work Ricky okay in choreography to I
don't agree to those terms and
conditions goodbye
we're gonna call into Dave Ramsey and
we're gonna Yelp we're debt-free Kay so
you guys gotta be super quiet and when I
say one two three
you guys all yell as loud as you can
we're dad free okay just want to
practice it real quick get ready one two
three
we're dead free okay can you guys all
yell that okay so get ready one that I'm
gonna talk to Dave Ramsey FERPA
no she said don't put it on speakerphone
cuz it's pretty bad this you guys have
to be really quiet okay I'm so nervous
I'm shaking
I never get nervous I never get nervous
the only other time I've been this
nervous is when I actually met Dave
Ramsey then shook his hand hosts like
he's right there he's right there rock
garden fighter tell him we just do so we
can watch our videos Dave Ramsey watch
our videos Act case we're on hold right
now and um I just talked to the phone
screener her name's Laura hi Laura
and we're let's talk to him and tell us
tell him our a debt-free store are you
nervous
you're the wrist issue okay here I'll
hold the phone next you starting it's
starting
I don't know if we as the first caller
okay we're gonna film this over super
nervous
stomping marks get excited here it's
like the intro music is played are you
betting dartle are you ready yes hooks I
know it's like butterfly I'm gonna freak
out I need to let this energy out baby
turn come on get up
don't be on us guys we're on hold Dave
Ramsey we're on deck
35 minutes after the hour Shane and
Colette are in Idaho hey guys what's up
hey what's going on gonna make it
brother how are you hi better than I
deserve I've been waiting to say that to
you for four years so what's up we are
calling in I have four kids and no debt
so we wanted to let you know about it
four kids and no debt how much debt have
you paid off well over the last four
years when I first started listening to
I was a granite measurer driving around
Phoenix Arizona totally bored my truck
looking for something interesting to
listen to on the radio burger show and
we had at that time three credit cards
and a bunch of just worthless junk but
over the last four years we've paid off
about a hundred ninety five thousand
dollars and we just paid off the house
that we owned at the time we got a
little crazy and bought a new house
recently but we just sent in a check to
pay off the house that we were living in
when we first started your program Wow
so debt-free but the house yeah
absolutely incredible way to go that's
actually a hundred and ninety five
thousand dollars in four years what was
your household income through that four
years well the first three years we were
making anywhere from forty to fifty
thousand a year I did basically
everything under the Sun I was a car
salesman i unknown granite countertop
business my wife you know the
stay-at-home mom she also taught
aerobics but then I really took to heart
what you said about Dan Miller's but 48
days to the work you love and I just got
sick and tired of being sick and tired
and working for somebody else and I
started you know looking for something
that I could do that I truly loved to
wake up to do every morning in the last
year of the four years of this process
I've made substantially more because I
like you always thought I love what I do
and so I'm one of the best of it and the
money has just come in and we feel so
blessed for it so so what are you doing
how much are you making new well it's
pretty unique what I do I'm basically a
social media expert I for lack of a
better word a youtuber I make online
videos on YouTube and I'm part of their
your partner sharing program where I get
paid through Google Adsense for making
YouTube videos and we've kind of over
the last three years that I started
doing that built up an audience of over
you know eight hundred thousand people
that watch our videos and we do product
placements in our videos and basically
get paid through advertising you know
through our daily vlogs that we do I
love it so you're making a couple
hundred grand a year now well who's
counting yeah me mr. social media
excellent job
I love it your accounting because you
just paid off your stinking old house I
like yeah beat saw and granite I'll tell
you that you're incredible man that's
absolutely fabulous congratulations and
go that's so fun that's a Dan Miller
story if you haven't sent that to him
you need to I will I will yeah he needs
to know about the guy who just sold cars
and the exalt granite now he's making
six figures plus during his own deal
that he loves doing that's fabulous man
that's a great story little at
little-bitty 48 days to the work you
love book at that rocked your world more
than our stuff did because I mean we you
were doing the right stuff but man you
just poured gasoline on the fire didn't
you yeah that's that's what we needed
cuz me and my life luckily I married a
girl who wasn't a spoiled brat and we've
agreed with money from day one we you
know we never you know we kind of I
guess actually once we heard you I just
click to the first yeah we're like what
how much can we afford monthly payment
you know we fell into the same you know
90 days same as cash all that crap but
then once we heard you it's like wait a
minute and there's a lot more sense why
don't we do it like that and we've been
on board from day one very well done
very well done well congratulations you
guys I'm proud of you a hundred and
ninety five thousand paid off in four
years most amazingly the process of
trying to do that forced a career job
that becomes an inspiring story at a
career change
very well done Shane
and Colet idaho 195 grand paid off count
it down let's hear a debt free scream
alright guys you ready we've been
practicing we got the kids here too you
guys ready
one two three
is it Twitter etiquette to fuss it at
some tweet some negative tweets it is
okay well let me just fuss at some of
you I posted a few minutes ago that
saying that I used I tweeted it and I've
used this thing forever it's kind of a
funny saying and it's you know some of
you your humor bone is broken and I said
my grandmother says there's a used to
say there's a great place to go when
you're broke to work I don't know how
many responses but I noticed a few of
them as I scrolled down at the break
that said yeah well not in double did
you do an employment yeah would that be
great if you could just find a job and
I'm thinking to myself well nobody'll
hire you your attitude sucks
that's what I was thinking when I read
that now I just said that out loud
didn't I right here on the radio but
that's what I thought that's what ran
through my head and you know all you're
doing is filling out applications you're
not actually going out and doing
anything about it
in the midst of that I get a guy on the
phone who goes from 40 or $50,000 a year
to making several hundred thousand
dollars doing what he loves because he's
willing to learn something new
willing to get up leave the cave kill
something and drag at home I don't even
know what he was talking about YouTube
gooble goo Google analytic what I don't
know but he's obviously turned social
media into an absolutely fabulous income
stream utilizing some gifts and talents
that he has why because he wasn't
sitting on his thumb griping about
somebody else not fixing his life now is
it easy when you get kicked him down no
I've been there done that got the
t-shirt we lost everything we owned I
was laying
the ditch sucking my thumb saying don't
kick me again life I'm so sick and tired
of being sick and tired I don't know
what I'm going to do but I got to tell
you I mean there were days that I was
negative there were days that I was blue
but I did not ever at any point in the
process adopt a victim mentality we lost
everything we owned we started with
nothing built a four million dollar real
estate portfolio and our 20s lost
everything we owned because I was stupid
it was 100% my fault
I take responsibility to for that I took
a responsibility for it then sat around
wined blamed everybody else for a little
while so maybe some of you are just in
your blame everybody else stage but get
out of it it's not going to get you
where you want to go shut up you can't
be a victim and win but boy if you watch
the news you can use that as an excuse
for your failure and you can win here
try to do this now kidding jeez shut up
and go do something else then shovel
some snow blow some leaves throw some
papers deliver some pizzas clean
somebody's house start with the young
you start yes that's rock your EVP and
he ain't gonna stop PMSing all the time
with the big slob give this baby that
we'll see in a while and baby
long but she takes a bath three years
old so you do the math and it was
possible baby tar front cover of jeans
buns album art yeah
mrs. TARDIS she's fabulous life with the
Stars she's extravagant and she might
get a bit hyper at time but I guess that
it runs in the family line and son talk
man full of funk and soul souls move
whenever the music says go yes is all
the time dance off man and a dancing
your dreams and across the land and we
got three heads of the house one was
like line one squeaks like a mouse with
the love jean-luc computer screen Jake
our kitty let kathas of team
