you are not watching the same time
because
let's
good morning then one rocket our rocker
olio tired of a morning baby Darth Vadar
alright we're sent in the flip today and
the t-shirt t-shirt for the people who
are in the supernote competition who had
the longest super not the top ten we're
sending one two three four six six of
them we still haven't heard from four
people but um we're sending the shirts
and one of the flips today so I'm gonna
got in the address from the other guy
but there's any more flips to giveaway
soon you guys stay tuned stay tuned for
more giveaways coming soon I like your
braids you got going today
that's pretty so pretty and look there's
a surprise braid over here
oh I pulled it up from that yeah they
were connected I can't wear like this
you got one you're a lopsided Pippi
longstockings
you got a fat brain and a skinny braid I
like this though that's cool well it was
my fast doing my hair tonight you know
you you should wear it like that like a
headband do there's so many options to
criss cross x marks the spot
ace we just set the shirt and we sent
the cam a flip cam to Cassie who lives
in Queensland Australia I'm hoping that
she wasn't affected by the floods
there's these huge flood zone you know
that yeah huge yeah I don't really know
exactly where the affected areas are I
just know that Australia's getting these
huge floods in places that they usually
don't have floods where there's usually
droughts and so there's like tons water
like these little streams will turn into
like these giant rivers or like washing
away cars and stuff so our thoughts go
to you guys anybody that's affected by
the floods
that sucks and hopefully Cassie's okay
and she gets a flip camera okay and then
maybe she can make a video with the flip
cam of the floods and and we can watch
it so Cassie if you're watching when you
get the flip cam I just sent it today I
don't know how I'm gonna take to get
there going you get it
make a video and tweet it to me and then
we'll upload it and we'll watch it and
we'll all watch it together about
Australia and you should do like a
tutorial okay
this is monitored sister singing Cali
more music she moved to Singapore she
wants to sing in Singapore try to move
somewhere where it's singles in the name
sorry that I purposely broke your heart
and to rip it on your chest and teri
it's just a really old habit that I seem
to
I'm really not that bad
come back
I need to shine
nobody deserves to be alone even if
there's some sanity they lack so forget
my little issues your emotional scar
tissue baby please come
Cali more music everybody accompanied by
the one the only beautiful
frickin a high I am I am I am better
than I deserve
how am i doing I'm better than I deserve
isn't that right Dave Ramsey I love you
guys I love this song
I love that man how he walks it was kind
of like dancing at c1 maybe like
everything is musical to me now all
right we're gonna get some lunch bye oh
oh say can you see by the dawn's early
light what so proudly we hailed at the
twilight's last gleaming why I'm singing
thanks art why are you singing put your
hand on your heart
daddy's singing the national anthem hey
guys that's the door right there
that is the door remember when I told
you I used to be a produce like prep
cook and I used to be have to be at
Perkins at 5 a.m. in the morning that
you said I use have to wake up at 4:30
a.m. to go to work well that is the door
right there that I used to walk through
probably like four years ago I worked
there from usually about 5:00 in the
morning to 2:00 in the afternoon that go
home get a little lunch and then I had
to go to a job that I had called
after-school adventures where I went and
watched these kids after school and I
play games and stuff with them that's
the door right there crazy it's crazy
okay so we're sitting here doing the Sun
tards math and once again I come across
the instructions on some of these and
they're so cryptic said what do they
want us to do here it seems simple
enough but it's hard to understand so
look at this and see if you understand
what they're asking us to do so it says
match the pictures to the circle
drawings so we have three black puppies
and four white puppies well right over
here we have two white dots and five
dark dots so what is it wanting us to do
and then you're supposed to add them and
then put in a total I have no idea what
it's asking to do can you guys figure
this out match the pictures to the
circle drawings three dark dogs four
white dogs
as a son tard go get the matches we're
burning this homework cuz I don't know
what it's asking us to do but I went to
Twitter and I've figured it out and I
figured it out right before the person
what was her name
Jordan at Jordan a via Jo are da na VI a
she replied that you're supposed to draw
lines from like okay so like see the
three dart puppies and the four white
puppies you have to go down here to
where there's three dark circles and
four light circles and draw a line from
this one down to this one and I think
it's like you have to match them up like
what you know these are this is like six
dark eggs and six light eggs or four
light eggs so then you have to draw that
one down here to match these but it's so
like like why is there a space you know
are they trying to throw you off cuz
there's not a space there but it's like
there's a space here but there's still
six dark ones and six dark ones here so
it's always confusing it's like why
don't they just make it easier to
understand like say draw lines to the
matching things so I'm like are they
trying to teach you how to read between
the lines under vague directions like
get to figure out their direction
because they're not very good anyways as
a joke because I just tweeted that I
didn't understand how to do this we're
now gonna burn this homework we're gonna
take a picture of it to post it to
Twitter ready Sun tarde light that on
fire yeah light it on fire but listen
what do you ever do you ever play with
matches without mom or dad no okay but
now that I'm here we're lighting on fire
we're gonna throw in the garbage and you
can tell your teacher that your dad let
your homework on fire yeah well we'll
probably throw on our go ahead light it
there you go
okay go ahead and light it on fire so
I'm tired your daddy used to work in
granite and granite is impervious to
heat so it doesn't matter if the slice
if the channel lights on fire there we
go so remember when your teacher asks
you tomorrow where your homework is
tell her that your dad burnt it hey and
you know never to play with matches
right I wouldn't do this if I didn't
trust son tard son heart is the most
obedient kid known to parenthood he will
never do anything wrong for me to burn
it all right I'll show you how Boy Scout
burns that won't work is it working what
are we doing son guard why are we
getting another copy of our paper why
did we burn the other one no we figured
it out we did a free Internet comedy
that's the reason we did it yes I burned
myself oh but the only reason is as I
thought that the people on Twitter would
get a kick because I asked everybody on
Twitter how to figure this out and then
actually with your guys's help we did
figure it out that you have to like draw
a line that's what's so dumb about this
is why doesn't it say draw a line it
just says match the pictures to the
circle drawing if I said draw a line
that matches the pictures to the circle
drawing had been a lot easier like for
instance this one goes down here and
blabbity blabbity but we took a is
a-comin sweet we took a picture of it
with the phone so that we could tweet it
and then after we burned it I had Sun
tarde
to start drawing it over again I said
well send her you have to draw it over
again cuz you have to finish your
homework
but then that kind of got a little
tedious and he's like I don't want to
draw all these over again let me see it
doesn't look as good but there's his
homework that's the picture that we took
on the iPhone and now we're gonna finish
the homework okay you understand what
was that funny that we burned your
homework I gotta tell your teacher
tomorrow that your dad burned your
homework if she has a problem with the
tower to unfollow me on Twitter okay
okay you guys heard it don't tell her
so we're just gonna try that why is it
bending like that okay so Sun tarde here
you understand how to do it now come
here come check this out okay so here's
what you have to do you have to look up
here there's three dark puppies and four
light puppies so now on this side you
have to look for basically three dark
circles and four light circles on this
side do you see which one has three dark
circles and four light colored circles
that one right okay so draw a line from
this box
down to the three dark circles and the
four light circles see those match okay
there's the same look three three black
puppies three black circles for white
puppies
four white circles you see how that
works okay so now we have to add them up
so what is three black puppies plus four
white puppies equal seven right okay
write it down wait right here is right
for all right three plus four and then
you have to write seven okay good job
we'll finish the homework nice job bye
guys shaycarl here learn this new hat
that I got to go skiing with do you like
it
so I'm sitting here uploading the vlog
like I do every day of my life 706 vlogs
ha ha ha that's the count from Sesame
Street so one of the things about
uploading a vlog is waiting for it to
process and one of the most exciting
things to a YouTube content creator
slash vlogger like myself is actually
watching the video go live so this is
the screen that you see before the video
has gone live so you sit here and you
refresh this over and over and over
again and when you refresh it the time
that it goes live it's so exciting
no matter how many times you've done it
I've done it a lot it's always like oh
it's live we're live baby we're going
mad let's refresh right now and see if
you guys can be a part of this exciting
so exciting stupendous moment refreshing
refreshing
boom Shakalaka there it is the screen of
victory it gives you down here see there
here's my options to choose my thumbnail
I'm gonna go ahead and grab choose file
right there on the desktop I have
already pre-made my thumbnail so I'm
just waiting for the video a little live
it's right there little rock card with a
dart on his head I'm gonna choose it
it's gonna come down here and say okay
here's what it looks like you did a good
job of building this thumbnail
then I hit Save Changes and you have to
do that right at the very first it's
kind of changed back and forth with you
too but see like there we go there we
are baby
headshot with the thumbnail we just put
it on and that video already has 75
comments from when I refreshed it that
had just gone live
it has 75 come on come on come on that's
75 comments I love aniyah's leave
Commandments comments are so 2010
Commandments are the new wave of the
future so that's how that's what I do
that's what I do every day I see here I
wait I throw the thumbnail on now other
things I'm gonna do I'm gonna go here
this is I'm giving you guys pro tips
right here every video I have I go down
here to this little box where you leave
comments I click on that I click attach
video why this is cuz we got a link all
these videos together the last one from
yesterday was what do we feed our
spirits I had used selected video it is
now a video response I have to go into
my email the inbox which has a hundred
and four thousand messages I'll be sure
to get back to those guys pretty soon
don't worry video responses Shaytards
video response approved and then I go
back to my channel page shake you guys
why don't you see all this I go to
arrange uploads I don't know why it
switched from just automatically going
and this is weird to now it's like the
oldest this is my very first video it's
usually the newest video I don't know
why it's doing that anyways so I go to
my newest video which is right here I
throw it up here and this is like you
know the videos that you see on the page
I hit Save Changes and then I go to the
back to the front page to make sure that
it worked to make sure that it's there
so that's the new video right there then
usually I will switch you know a newer
video to the autoplay but it just
depends I just kind of fill it out how I
like it and that's just kind of a little
section a little little inside look a
little behind-the-scenes behind the
curtain of all ridiculous of what I do
every day and the kids I can hear them
they're upstairs beating each other and
it sounds like the house is about to
fall down
so I'm now gonna go up there and
reprimand them
I will see you guys later
