start with the young you start yes
that's rock PvP and he ain't gonna stop
CM Elson all the time with the big slob
give this baby that we'll see in a while
and baby tarts long but she takes a bath
three years old so you do the math and
it was possible baby tard front cover of
James Bond's album art yeah
mrs. TARDIS she's bad with this life
with the song she's extravagant and she
might get a bit hyper at times but I
guess that it runs in the family line
and son talk man full of funk and soul
souls move whenever the music says go
yes all the time
dance off man and a dancing it means in
across the land and we got two heads of
the house one was like a line one
squeaks like a mouse with the love LuAnn
computer screen J Carl kitty let cat is
a team okay we're taking the little
girls to gymnastics all ladies because
I'm gonna get you clothes you're not
supposed to be driving right here here
that's the buzz of a driving right yeah
all right front door service just for my
girls
hey guys have fun right - starred have
fun of gymnastics
I want you listen your teacher cuz if
she's gonna teach I do a backflip
excited don't be scared she'll help you
she'll spot you so you don't hurt
yourself okay
okay I'm excited listen dude after a few
classes you'll be able to do a backflip
trust me it's gonna be sweet okay you
guys have fun
what's up with psycho mommy tard what
let's see that walk over here all right
she's a cute kid Bobby Tarjan I better
pull out of here before I get arrested I
pulled in to look can you guys see I
pulled into the awning area so that they
don't have to walk in the cold
such a nice dad here comes your mommy
tarred rock and Roli Oh
how much that lady was looking at you
funny
yeah what are you doing are you gonna
climb in Dukes Hazzard style oh come on
no no no don't get out get out already
and get Oh baby next time what you can't
let her look you just littered yes Sally
you later dude you littered Oh idea go
get it why don't you go get it
hey how are you getting in the car say I
turned away I hope you guys saw that why
is she going
hey oh gosh
just it's not like you see my new coat
yeah so hot so stylish oh dude
I love you know such art let me in dude
booty a lot more oh dang it
I was gonna do both we realize I could
reach it I know I was like why don't you
just reach in and look how the alarm
would go off
what if only Rock chart doesn't hear
that haha yes that could have been bad
all the way who didn't lock to happen to
who'd that happened to once baby tartar
princess start shut the door and she was
asleep in the back it was raining
we didn't realize it they were like oh
crap she's in there cuz she's asleep in
the back of my truck
it was raining really hard and the keys
were locked in the truck we had a pound
on the window wake her up like we
pounded forever we're soaking wet she
wakes up we're like unlock the door and
of course she's like tired and grumpy
she's like what
I'm not sure I should try you
like he got careless shy he was playing
and being really cute until the camera
turned on and he just stared how much to
do with young master young JA we got
situps
here we go SIM cards all the way over
there this is hard I go
such a good dancer one of the three
idols number-10 hurry oh hey give it up
next we got this song it's really good
easy go
Bruno Mars here right up give it up next
we got the number one song of the day oh
yeah they went all three got it up next
number two's I gotta say I'm the debater
they said hey guys what do I talk about
I feel like we've talked about
everything Kate vlogs are over we're
done making videos bye wait I thought of
something to think about think about
talk about the vlogs are back on here
film me so I'm not driving and vlogging
like a bad person
I'm not even 10 SEC's will look amateur
i'm kichul by Carlos Carly almost here's
my question for you know here's my it's
not a question this I'm going to give
you a TV executives Misha Karl I'm going
to give you in a gift-wrapped package a
genius idea for a reality show now
listen last night I tweeted today's
cellphones are the scrapbooks of
yesterday think about how much
information donde estan meas telefono
aqui at me spoke a Thomas where in fact
there is so no better lost not lost your
scrapbook better not lost my scrapbook
if you think about it I have so much
information on here I have over 3,000
pictures for three years phone numbers
of 500 people at least emails business
emails birthday emails my facebook my
Twitter everything like my life
literally is contained in this
smartphone and some people like that
some people aren't some people just have
cell phones I just call everyone so well
but some people like me there is so much
information about me on this one if you
didn't know me from Adam
you just never meet me if you never
meted me in your life Oh shame on her
yeah yeah if you just picked up this
phone and I told you random person
here's a cell phone your job for the
next five days is to go through this
phone pour through this phone give you
all the passwords to log into anything
you need to log into on this phone you
need to find out and learn as much about
this person as you can in five days now
listen here's what you do you get ten
people ten people who live with their
blackberry or their iPhone or whatever
phone you have you have those ten people
you switch yech you throw them all in
the back right throw all these phones in
the bag everybody reaches in and pulls a
phone out and of course I can't get
their own they have five days to get
that phone and go through I mean think
about like all the text messages they
have to go through you have to figure
out this person's name you're gonna
figure out you figure out who this
person is for instance because if you
just turn on this phone after this phone
on and I see a picture of a little girl
flying in the air I have no idea what
that means so I'm like okay this person
must be a parent because there's a
picture of a little girl or maybe this
is their nephew so you look through you
try to find out the person's now it's a
girl what do mean what release whatever
honey semantics these are just minor
details and then you have to find out
like who their mom is you find out who
their dad is you look up dad look at all
the checks from their dad like maybe
they got in a fight with their dad on
the text about something and your job is
to know as much about this person as
possible just from their phone and then
the end of the five days you have a
contest to see or like maybe you just
all sudden go and just hang out that
person you meet that person their life
and you know everything about that
person just from having that cell phone
that is a reality show you could alter
it in different ways that's just kind of
like a broad spectrum idea that I just
shout it out but there's there's
something there right yeah you think so
my kids dressing that'd be a good show I
think it would even if not a good show
it'd be a fun activity to try cuz think
of how much emails like so like people's
secrets you know you could like read
text conversation do they tell somebody
one thing and then go through another
thing and say well the person the reason
that person really did go to that party
is because they want to go hang out with
this person and they were lying to this
person in that text you can find out all
this information just from a cell phone
that's why anyway so 10 well you guys
think that's a good idea right tell us
what are we gonna do Lizzy me cochran
women hash blankie and hello did it have
books in phone books and phones and
lights
why don't we need books and phones and
lights they return what kind of books so
baby turn a small mini tart if we watch
a movie with popcorn chocolate a
chocolate part what is actually caramel
chocolate popcorn and lay on the blanket
with blank or lamp lay on the floor
blanket and pillows and I go yes she
goes with phone where's your
phone baby tard we'll go get it yeah Oh
steers steers upstairs
yeah what not supposed to put my steers
off here what is that a rope is that a
rope
what's she talking about of course just
what do you mean your shoulder strap for
your seatbelt or neck strap side the
shoulder strap has to go across your
chest don't you'll get in a wreck now
your coat your shoulder strap of the
seatbelt when you're mad at me
come here bend over side kick in the
butt do it
Oh swift kick in the pants
bend Oh rubber kick you again I'll kick
in the face okay
kick the face BAM
I want to get you your sharp fists Oh
whatever mommy don't punches me it hurts
more because her fists are like these
little balls of rage and fury they're
like sharp don't like it follow the
raging little raging balls of fury kind
of like my raging balls out here I doubt
that's it you guys are trouble you have
to go in the cookie jar
oh not open gets it done you have to get
some matzo ball net okay you guys are in
trouble going the cookie jar Oh
denied Oh mommy tired got some more
battlers beer up children Oh princess
aren't that common cousin Rob is it's
impossible that is a what we call a
one-in-a-million lifetime chance I came
running around this corner with the gun
we're having a nerf war mommy charge
shot the gun and hit me in the forehead
no joke it just stopped right to my for
tonight he goes smack made like the
perfect smacking zone and it just stuck
there and I was I we both looked at each
other to start cracking up like did that
just happen
I'm a shark
shooter overture cuter oh but second to
the camera it's stuck to the camera but
we can't show you
oh here let's go show in the mare care
is ready I just shot you guys you have
to look in the mirror I shot you guys
you see the boy and step to the camera
here's also notices other nerf bullet
look up there
look up there's been a Nerf ball that's
been suck up their hair hey Chandler for
um can you see it it's like three weeks
yeah there it is it's been stuck there
for almost a month now and who is there
Oh ambition good thing
what are you the one night we're
shooting it I don't know who it was
matter to me probably was some such a
dead aim your shot at sniper stick what
does that say that Sam is a greasy
forehead if it stuck to my head no I'm
just a sharpshooter too stuck right did
she totally tagged me right in the head
and it's gonna splat and step right time
for no fun had to bend there I like
shooting things seen it to believe it
oh shoot Oh missed she's trying to
reenact what just happened oh come on
mommy tard
you're too high dog you're even higher
than before to the left here off okay my
forehead close you are really not
helping this story out on the re they
were not gonna believe that you actually
believe in the 4k oh hey that's what I
look like what if we just leave it there
we should just see when people come over
to our house we should all have them on
our forehead
weird princes tart Oh baby chard needs
one babe each we go there we go
or the organ be our heads
sundered get salon hey pop people in the
comments I've been saying that Malachi
should get a picture on the straw that's
true rock card gets a dart cute that's
cute oh we should get rich we should get
a picture of a kind put it up on the
wall of the targets okay kids
leave those nerf bullets there those are
for time and all eternity you go in
stealth mode baby tard Gregor go the
other way
it was good thing you fell she was close
oh right in the head
mommy tar don't shoot the kids eyes out
naughty in the head but I can't aim
right
