you are now watching the Shaytards
largest
I'm going skiing today and I just
realized that my boots are in the back
of mommy tarts van so I'm about to pull
as a Chinese fire drill slash ski boot
extraction she's ready
so dangerous so dangerous dunder that
children I got my ski boots though we're
good here we are up on the ski lift
we've got a snowboard I'm sticking with
the two boards myself I'm an old skier I
can't trade over NASA I'm not a traitor
I'm not a traitor to my people ah it's a
beautiful day this is the old chairlift
I grew up on I've been on this chairlift
literally post account over and I used
to come like fifty days a year
and imagine hitting 1520 runs a day do
the math what's what's fifty times four
years that's 200 just say ten runs
that's two that share left at least
2,000 times you see I did that math yeah
am i a math imagine yes you're a
mathematician
no I'm not I'm a math imagine yes it's
one step ahead of a mathematician
because math imagine yes see Albert
Einstein was a mathematician I'm a
mathematician yes anyways I'm just
talking to Logan about that movie i
watched on netflix of the day if you
guys remember me telling you about how
it was a waste of time and about how
ridiculous some of the movie was for
instance in the movie they said that
this the ski wire will cut your gloves
he's like it's like razor wire it'll cut
your hands and this dude was climbing up
on it and it's like showing blood coming
out of his gloves
there's no way in heck you a rock tart
can hang on this wire right here
and it would not cut his hand it's not
sharp at all and then in the movie the
guy jumps from the chairlift and he just
like jumps off it doesn't like hanging
from the bottom of the chair or trying
to like make a rope out of his coat he
literally just jumps off and he snaps
both of his legs in half and the bones
are like poking out of his ski pants
then these wolves come and eat him and
I'm ruining the movie for it if you
haven't seen it but is ridiculous movie
let's see these dudes do cool trick dude
I'll put it on YouTube
oh sweet yeah that's gonna go viral
that's a cool front flip anyways this is
a lift line this is a mini ski and mini
scheme here on lip line do a whole trick
dude all right pretty ya know I miss it
I couldn't see thank you fakie left to
pop a wheelie hey guys Logan skipping
school I'm skipping work kind of why
actually I'm working right now I'm this
is a this is a business trip so that's a
question just a tax write-off this is a
tax write-off right let's talk about
YouTube and it'll be a tax write-off
hopefully that little use just saying
YouTube I will show that to my
accountant see you can write that day
off
anyway it's called I put my gloves on
because my vlogging hands starting to
freeze I'm just like what if my camera
just froze to my hand and I said
okay I'm ready for ya okay here we are
at the terrain park the Logan's about to
hit the kicker here he goes
he hit the kicker and then he crashed it
was a dumb idea to wear these headphones
I thought you don't even listen to my
music like ski but they kind of keep
falling off the beats were bad idea
the non-cancerous headphones not so good
you need tho earbud ones these things
keep falling off
so Hannah go take them off anyways
tonight stay up here freezin cold but
it's clear this snow is really good they
got four inches of powder last night so
that's nice I don't know if I've ever
blogged while I ski before I'm sure not
my first vlogging and skiing experience
it's pretty awesome we're here at this
jump we'll call him Eduardo he looks
like an Eduardo this tree is named El
honcho el honcho and El wardo are gonna
team up with El logo and he's gonna go
what are you gonna do you're gonna hit
the tree he says he's gonna treat app
180 all right let's see it you treat
tapper I always knew you're a tree
tapper totally taps el honcho dude you
need it are you hungry dude if you want
we go into for lunch we get some fries
el metal rail okay go down there and put
some barbecue sauce on it
hey be right back I'm gonna film Logan
do it tricks guys to have a break get
honest discussion
I be a sincere badass I have so out of
shape this pathetic I'm angry at myself
I am so out of shape where do some about
that soon I promise
all right here comes Logan McKay here we
go what are you doing dog hopefully he
doesn't have to get stitches here he
comes
ready
it's not an atmosphere
the cameras about tonight - H Oh throw
the ball you failing it the run dude
come on
hi guys watching the BCS Championship
game the Oregon Ducks gets the Auburn
Tigers I have been have been hollering
at the TV haven't I
mommy says mommy turd yelled at me and
told me to watch my language a few times
because I was getting pretty hyped up
about this football game look what's out
of your face dude I drew on the side of
mommy's face where I autograph and some
t-shirts ah er you're the best keep you
down you're the best around
no it's gonna eat you dad name that
movie what's a song but what movies it
from anyways these shirts are going out
to the ten people who are the top 10
super noters well not all of you have
replied back to me so yeah if you're one
of the people how many have oh here they
go they go here they go here they go
though quiet hard come on I'm rooting
for the Oregon Ducks oh they're going
against Auburn and they're down by eight
option get in there Wow nice yeah
because Boise's not in and I have to
root for the underdog so I'm rooting for
Oregon anyway so I know we're late I
apologize but if you're one of the top
ten super noters on our team this year
for the team super not--she tard value
Knights fear tard you guys were getting
your shirts and mommy turns Center in a
mouth and I sign them for you so sorry
it took so long
who's this one going to Charles Choi I'm
just about gave you this address but I
won't let go for two you know
come on Eddie come on this will tie it
up right here 7 1917 was he do there is
wide open
make sure there's no flags
dude that's exciting 1919 go Oregon
exciting yeah
tied up two minutes left Auburn is the
big they were like the oh snap
oh that reminds me tell us what happened
and I was very tired oh well I don't
know Mia what are we doing are we down
here me and mommy tired or upstairs and
we can come watching this game I can't
blogger if I can hear the kids playing
downstairs we were just being quite he's
played Tetris and I was folding laundry
doing wonderful things like I usually do
anyway we can hear the kids playing just
kind of talking and all of a sudden we
hear baby turn she was down here yelling
just going oh yeah baby turns got the oh
snap anyways I hope you're rooting for
Auburn I'm sorry but I'm rooting for the
underdog
now it's exciting game 1919 it's all
tied up whoa hey guys what are we doing
did you finally clean it I wasn't at the
ground you Carly hallelujah
in the bathroom
good put off the grounder gentle
sparkling messy again
