you're not watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back for us
with you
cars nope I am going to what's called
snow blow I'm gonna blow some snow yo
I'm a stump snow blow
I'm boyo I'm the baddest snow blow
wherever that's Bo Burnham baby card
y'all dressed up hey y'all look warm
it's boots on you get your dress on that
way you want the snow in addressing
boots yes okay get snow all your hair
you little underwear okay pretty start
you can start this are you Nev outfit by
the way
Oh care to suggest otherwise grab this
handle and pull pull hard as you can
pull hard
two hands pull harder
watch got to be like this imma try it
young turks man enough to start
snowblower well I'm not man enough I'm
woman enough woman enough oh I get it
your hair looks sexy when you did it you
have to pull a lot harder you lose face
come on really be a tiger use two hands
go are you pull as hard as you can I'm
so disappointing you right now let's see
maybe it's not on I don't think it's
working
and I'm pulling see oh
oh yeah
my little girl is so bored so brown you
bridges are
okay stop hey honey is he cuter than our
other kids I know but let's be honest
for a second let's take a take our
parent ol bias out of it he seems like
he's cuter as a baby than the other kids
is it just cuz we film our lives every
day now oh well sorry forgive me for
living in the moment for enjoying life
right now and not hoping for something
better later just being grateful for
what I happen to write in this moment
dude I think you're cuter than the other
kids I think basically you're cutest out
of all kids ever in existence whose hat
this hat was a little puppy baby mommy
baby
yeah I don't know I don't know he's
cuter than the other kids because you
know we didn't film them every day and
be able like like every time I edit I'm
like he's so cute but he's freaking
adorable dude you're the definition of
PDP you know that look you started your
own acronym that's how cute you are you
started your own acronym PDP pretty darn
precious booty doing precious thank you
like at my TV hey kids can I ask you a
question
does it make you feel bad that rock
tarts cuter than you guys were as a baby
bird star does that make you sad that
rock tarts cuter than you were as a baby
okay
somebody's getting punched right in the
face square in the nose I'll do it too
you think I'm afraid I don't care
care if half a million people see me
punch my daughter in the face she
screams she gets a punch in the face
move your hands you're getting a punch
in the face
move it all right I gave her four
punches in the face and one for good
measure
mantra but step bus 9975 guys that's
daddy's old school bus not that one I
drove that I used to that yeah that used
to be my job I used to drive school bus
you guys remember that son tard remember
one has the bus driver you were young
yeah you were how old was he he was
probably he's to two or three I just
have to get up at um like what time I
get up is like 6:00 5:30 or 6:00 I
remember on days like this was the worst
cuz you'd go down there to the bus yard
and those buses are cold like it took
forever to warm up so you get there
trigger there early and you turn the bus
on and turn the heater on I need to sit
there in the bus and just freeze and
they had to get do all these checks
every day like these safety checks need
to check the oil you had to check you
know the transmission fluid all this
stuff and you just be like freeze and I
remember and they even had like you to
go check the tires and everything I was
a fun job though driving one of these
big huge buses it's like a lot of power
you know that's fun I miss it but that
was my bus my bus was I was bussed
number 75 that was calling about 75 we
have reports that you ride over three
children today thank you good job that's
an improvement for 5:00 yesterday that
you write over 75 that was that was my
old school bus I used to drive that baby
and every time I see that on the road
I'm like there's my old bus I used to
drive that big beast a big burning Beast
hey come on
for hunting for deer JC any maybe
darkies any deer careful oh no charges
yet I'm here look you see these tracks
in the snow right here those are deer
tracks the deer come down here Neath the
grass
why watch out for mountain lions -
there's mountain lions scaring me retard
you scared hey come on we can't be
scared we have to be brave like Lewis
and Clark I bet old maybe tart fell down
again but the turds got her skirt on not
your snow skirt alright so what we're
doing now is a hard tux untoward to his
um hip hop dance class and these girls
Oh jeepers of interest what is that
anyways these girls are always wanting
to come and hike up in these hills by
our house so I said alright get your
coats on
we'll go hike around a pair and see we
can find anything scary so that's what
we're doing right now I did see two deer
of her the other day and there are deer
tracks over so for sign deer that would
be really fun okay you guys we have not
contacted a mountain lion or a deer yet
we did see three t-rex's four
velociraptors and one up for rent free
over Winfrey we saw Topher in free
wouldn't that be even crazier than
seeing a bobcat or a bear is if you're
just walking through these trees and
Oprah was just sitting here hey you all
win a new coal you guys what would be
the most random thing to find out here
in the woods what would be weird rabbit
that stuck in the snow and died that's
not very weird I'm surprised we haven't
seen that yet actually baby tard what
would be weird
don't talk to strangers don't talk to
strangers look uh what if we found him
at lunch
you're silly and you growl at him didn't
you friend away you think I would run
away or he would run away you'll smell
nice okay good
cuz I'm big and bad huh your daddy's
tough baby tired what are you holding in
your hand a squishy-squashy oh that's a
cute squishy-squashy why are you
carrying that is he want to come along
for the hike yes
all right okay which way guys want to go
go this way we can go this way where Shh
who's your that that's canine canine
coniferous good baby turn I'm running
I'm running see you guys you guys are
scared all right let's keep going up a
little bit higher you want to can't go
up higher get your snow skirt on what
are you doing what are you doing that
what are you gonna do with it that
reason you're pretty tough Dave try to
undo that yeah I don't blame you it's
pretty silly be okay
you're psycho dude
