are you cleaning you guys I could be
fulfilling a lifelong dream today
I think Daxton may may be trained enough
to ski by himself
alright I better watch where I'm going
well and today may be the first time
ever that I ski with my entire family I
mean without me having to like carry
Jackson and break my back he's so not
just in these well just kidding I love
you buddy you'll learn you're only three
hey party people how are you guys doing
I am wearing my ski buff because I'm
cleaning the kitchen or I know you've
been clean occasion I've been cleaning
the bathroom and I'm using bleach it's
not good for you
bleach is kind of a harsh chemical but I
really like the way it cleans so I've
been using bleach and so I have to cover
my nose so I don't breathe it so I'm
like a bandit I'm a bathroom bandit
clean up and look at what ABS done check
it out
she is just a cleaning crazy are you
cleaning no yes I am cleaning
what are you cleaning I just put some
with your spoon and I I'm sink and heat
it so oh that's that's helpful there was
minimal writer amazing good job go do
some more cleaning it's looking it's
looking okay you can be vacuumed you
need to put the manger away the manger
is seriously still out that's how that's
how bad it is in here we've been skiing
a lot guys we've been skiing everyday so
the house has just we just leave it and
you know what that's okay because the
kids are going back to school soon and
we're not gonna get to ski so you know
we got to get that skiing in but today
we're going to focus on the house
because it needs us all right me and
Doc's are skiing together yeah
the hi everyone are on the list right
now
and this is an adventure this is the
first time I've tried to teach Jackson
how to ski Shay's definitely much better
at it than I am
but he's doing a good job and it's a
beautiful sunny day it's actually very
warm out here compared to leap yeah
don't lean forward stay lean back okay
this is how beautiful it is out here
though yeah yeah look at that Sun all
right you guys dachshund is skip I'm
crashing let's go first and check out
this gap here how you doing Dex daddy's
helping you he's so cute
good job Jackson dude you're doing it
stand up straight
keep going daddy's a good teacher huh
dude toes together
good job
he's trying to fly he's got his arms
flapping he starts screaming you're
doing great buddy
yeah just screamin
goodbye - love you guys all right I
better watch where I'm going
what has a good crash loved it so we're
about to go to bed but we're gonna have
a movie night I go to bed soon and this
is Daxton hey blondie sleeping on the
ground we're gonna happen every night
and it passed Christmas and what
dachshund got for Christmas was also no
he what he got for Christmas is was a
boiler it was oiler so spreading and
foiler Jackson come on show us how you
ride this thing okay let's turn it
around
okay good over here excuse you
he go
yeah KITT
it helped my mom drive
we made these Thrones and we push these
couches over cuz we're strong so we're
in the phone and we'll push them back
and put the pills back and yep and
that's is breaking drinking a champagne
now what is it it's sparkling cider and
that's what spring Saxon John how you
put on the rip grit the whipped cream
here guys we just got back from skins
you're not spill any cake oh that's good
oh that's good uh-huh sit cool hi yeah
now don't punch me punch me
hi guys we'll hover board and we're
gonna have a movie night
gather the moolah watch it with us I was
like my animal pants and my thermal
shirt that you got black ones forget it
I bought these grey ones let's go look
in the midsummer
okay here's where I look like guys go
set up my shots yeah yeah you're a widow
dachshund hi blondie yeah mom here's
your camera yeah it looks like the
Grinch just put on our old stinky ski
socks yeah that's good okay so they're
painting nails and we're gonna watch a
movie and now you're going to see me
what I look like better do I look like
okay are we gonna update what we're
doing right now well we did get some of
the house clean guys that's good good
news good news good news did we get any
ski footage today I don't know if we did
Jackson didn't quite ski today I did say
today that I was hoping that one of my
lifelong dreams of skiing with the
entire family down the ski hill would
happen but he made leaps and bounds in
progress no good he did great what is
going on in here
Thanks thanks Lloyd
yeah oh my that's like a lot of nail
polish all the nails did you ski today
did you like it did you go fast do you
feel like you're getting faster and
better
oh I don't Matt one hill right there I
get faster down that mm-hmm
I was bored I was like this ditch to go
on this job and this leg sliver wasn't
for me and he was going and I was gonna
resume around him but then he went right
for me so I went up on this hill and I
totally crashed into the center solid he
just kept going he didn't say sorry at
all
oh okay snowboarders typical Emin both
my skis off well sometimes accidents
happen
Gavin got ran over today to get out
reindeer yeah a reindeer ran over by
right there coming home for more hills
Christmas Eve I love you
I had one skein with you today I know
his fun is really funny to watch
dachshund
when he would get going back he was
screwed no cuz he was being lazy he was
eating snow and he wasn't trying to turn
so I said dachshund I lost you Daxton
you gotta turn you're gonna scratch and
all that he just screams ah like he
finally realized that his life when it
was in his own hands down hands and he
better do something about it anyways
we're trying to teach him to turn by
scaring him to death see what you did it
did you want to go skin today buddy let
me yeah he did he went on the little
shop but it was still cool bouncing ball
Gavin you're getting sweet as
snowboarding Gavin's been going down
like the hardest run hey tell me
dachshund did you have fun skiing today
huh tell me did you have fun skiing
today that makes no sense
did you have fun skiing today did you go
fast did you turn not very much
you were screaming oh do you like to ski
do you friend fine did you want to keep
skiing yeah I definitely want to eat
more french fries that's what I want to
do hey new year's resolutions
check out my shayloss channel I'm going
to be talking about some stuff and
working hard to make better life changes
on the trail off channel so go check out
those videos okay I gotta go eat some
nachos is that what I yep that's like is
that what's on my skin nachos yes you
well keep riding that snowboard and
those legs are gonna be strong man my
legs are burning coming down that
mountain yeah skiing is great exercise
okay I gotta go eat nachos goodbye okay
