you are not watching the Shaytards
wah-wah-wah
just because
your words
we have three witches where are you guys
flying to you guys are flying to the
movie theater
are you gonna go see bewitched I'm
getting in there witches and make little
kids dreams the worst dreams
that sounds witchy Wow sounds pretty
witchy to me we're gonna go make kids
have the worst dreams they've ever had
I think Malachi a good plan I suppose it
is if they're gonna be witches Quidditch
and they fly on their rooms and they
catch up little thing a little ball fly
away which is rotate oh it fell off of
the broom oh there's a baby Arthur birth
are you eating Batman
oh you eatin dude he's a superhero he
has to go out and save this town you're
slobbering all over Batman there you go
slobber all over Batman all you want
what's going on over here you guys
eating some chicken cordon bleu hey
Carter hey what we're doing dude well I
think I'm home an apple where you should
i I'm gonna get some rib and I'm gonna
get some Caesar shall I get up and get
some cool round on Kyle then I'm gonna
say jerk it to the Starbucks I'll call
you okay we're not bailing you out this
time I've bailed you out of Applebee's
too many times my ribs
hot barbecue beef yes
alrighty then here we go it's the
national championship of stair jumping
2011 who win this year is it gonna be
son tired the ultimate man
the championship is going to be the
high-flying baby tard or the kamikaze
princess hard and don't forget this year
we have a new addition to the
competition his name see Oh ope or is
Cooper the man of jump the depth the de
fire of gravity the Cooper man alright
who's gonna go first
the garden all right let's start off
slow and then we'll see how we go
intestine up he's wearing blue he has
spiky hair and he can dance like a
maniac it's sudden turn starting up with
one two three four five six seven stairs
the seven stair that's the one that's
starting to Annie he's put his chips in
let's see him it's Suns are on the count
of three one two three are complete
seven stairs who's up next is a baby toy
oh I think it's baby TARDIS up next
Benatar do you wanna do seven stairs
rude you want to go one higher and do
eight stairs to up the ante one two
three four five six seven
that's eight that is lower than sunt are
you ready for this get the middle stair
screwed over dog right here the middle
of stair but they turn it right there
middle come over you going up move up
one more higher hold on one two three
two four five six seven eight nine and
have the night stair baby tarde are you
good with this okay on the count of
three you give it all and just jump fly
like Superman one two three Wow nice
stairs to the baby talk alright up next
we have the P and the T to the 8th our D
is the Buddhist ward pretty star let me
ask you this can you do more than 90
stairs baby chart sets the record with
nine here we go one two three four five
six seven eight nine you're online right
now can you go up one more oh my
goodness hands up
and our key right there well Jocelyn
tart clear the launch pad area that's
the 10 stairs right there can you do 10
stairs Oh
ready launch here we go get the middle
of the launch pad middle on the count of
three pretty side lunchy ten stairs one
two wow she is tough she do more than 10
all right now it's time for single ope
Cooper Cooper all right Carly all right
hot dog going straight from the chopper
nose and edit that and then you should
just be down act like you're catching
him yeah a lot of people love that in
the conference okay what are we about to
do what are we going to look at in the
Attic yeah me neither her baby tard what
are you doing what is that it's a green
oh good it does mean I know it is what
is that for Cooper star-like Oh Thomas
oh the Train thing pretty hard
won't you go ahead and scale that ladder
go ahead Oh centaur you do it up the
ladder the awesome princes are in the
Attic what do you do up there can you
push up there you're so daring
you know the flashlights so a
professional okay so this is oh my baby
tard step all over your face okay so
what are you doing to us I'm measuring
your insulation I love when you do that
okay let's go
where are you be able to see up there I
think Upali be okay
now I will yell I have a flamethrower
will that help to see a candle you burn
my house down I'm not buying your
installations yeah Logan gave us where
they go all right Logan gave us these
nice candles for Christmas hey Suz wants
to help you see are you afraid of
heights
you better not be is it warm up there no
dad I want it to be warm do you see
anything cool is there any hidden
treasure did you find Jimmy Hoffa 's
body is the Titanic up there what would
happen if this happened you lied a
little bit just a little bit of a lie
okay sorry what is that oh it's a laser
cool okay here we are we're up an attic
this is where we hide our drugs in
Christmas presents drugs and Christmas
presents they go hand in hand
Oh sweetness so we're low you're saying
where's our where's our tape where's our
measurements you meet what coat is but
to be Energy Star home you need to be
our 60 so what are we at now our 38
right so we're code but we want to be
better than that to be Energy Star you
save money on your heating and cooling
costs power company kicks you back a
rebate of 15 cents every square foot and
every state has a different rebate
that's just what idaho's is plus you get
a 10% tax tax credit right yeah so what
are you doing you're biting my toe I'm
like listening to you and there's
somebody like biting my toe down there
what are you doing you want to climb up
here in the Attic all right okay climb
up my foots in the way does it stink
smell it real quick we'll just knowing
the stink is it energy-efficient are my
toes energy-efficient bridges are
dharak were you out rock-hard oh there
is look at these little crocks nice nice
kicks dog Nice Kicks
I like going like this I'm at the post
office and one thing that I wanted to
talk to you guys about because last time
when I left the key in the Peele box
there are so many of you are freaking
out like you left your key
you left your key the box this is what
they do whenever you have a package
that's bigger like me anyways whatever a
package comes it won't fit in your box
they have to give you a key for a bigger
box it is you put the key in and then
there's your whatever you got gah what
is with these doors spring loaded spring
loaded action spring loaded action
alright what is this anyway
then um they just leave the key is stuck
in there and then the post office people
will come the next day and get it out so
that way they don't lose their keys so
that's the key that just stays in there
you guys are inappropriate I didn't say
anything inappropriate what is this
should we open it let's open it open it
you guys sit right there behave
yourselves oh this is probably like four
MacBook Airs
fat gecko mini camera mount
oh sweet is this a TT I don't feel like
your helmet that's interesting choice
now it's like this you put on a helmet
or you could put on your snowboard oh
sweet you put on the front of your kayak
dude check that you could put it on a
wakeboard that would be cool for the car
awesome I think it works for lunch ready
flip actually sent this to me they're
the ones that are
oh my god oh great
okay so we got a package hi
