where's the game in the hallway okay
let's go okay let's go show me where it
is your hair's getting long baby tard
Freddie some game is in the hallway I
don't know what they're talking about
and it's really high and check out
Malachi dude what are you doing do you
just like the Sun I'm just sitting here
and the nice warm beams of the radiant
sunshine daddy no big deal move along
okay sorry love you buddy love you I
came out of my room this morning and
he's just sitting here on the stairs and
he had his head propped up on the hand
railing like a headrest just so funny
Malik I get silly monkey hey where is it
it's up there oh this you wanna play
this game this box
oh geez what's in this box oh that looks
like a giant mess to me you guys sure
you want to play that oh okay go get
them tiger baby tired hey you like those
games yeah what game is that
well let's take a fun game okay just
pick one at a time and play in each
singular to an early singularity little
early is that it work you guys play good
okay okay Cooper duper play nice
oh boy oh so Carly's at work and mommy
tired took prints of start to the
dentist and Sun tarts at school
so let's me and those two who
looms and Malachi just four of us
hanging out trying to get some stuff
done trying to clean my office I'm
starting to realize that I might become
a hoarder of hats can you become a
hoarder of hats look what my mom got me
for Christmas
I got a little hat rack there and that's
only like a quarter of them I have
probably I should go try to find all my
hats and like line them all up but I
think I need like four of these sold all
of the hats that I have rock and roll
the itard are we gonna witness you
making your first crawl you're gonna
crawl huh come on you could do it oh
there you go dude let's get up there on
those knees come on you can do it dude
come on everybody's rooting for you come
here come here wanna hit the camera go
get the camera come on I'm gonna set it
right here you can't go oh dude come on
up on hookers
come get it it's all yours dude you can
slobber all over it you just gotta come
get it there you go there you go go get
it oh don't give up don't give up come
on dude come on go get it go get it oh
you got to pull one knee in front of the
other I think you're going backwards now
come on come on dude oh no you must not
submit to the swamps of sorrow sadness
sadness like that with that heck are you
talking about come on bro go get it go
get the camera what a woodsy baby I
could totally crawl watch see watch
daddy
daddy-o crawlin crawlin he's just
looking at the camera
hi you gonna crawl good camera huh I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you hi Me's
office well rock cards about to crawl
he's getting really close bulk Rover
know he can might get up on all fours
and he like almost there he can scoot
all over the place but we will be on
watch and crawl watch this is Shane rock
card with crawl watch 2011 excuse me I'm
trying to watch a movie on Netflix and
you're kind of in the way here oh you
just pause it I want you to movie frozen
I know it's probably the worst movie of
all time
Oh easy easy with the thirst Buster dog
you can't be crawling on Daddy's
computer you want spiking that's it
you're gonna freaking hey what are you
doing hi hi gonna crawl computer he has
ever seen this movie watch it on Netflix
all walk tard you buttmunch or get down
you're in trouble you're a tr oh you ble
that spells trouble
Oh where's the sound what do you do Punk
oh there we go anyways so I'm watching
this movie on Netflix and it's called
frozen and it's about these three people
who get stuck on a chairlift and it's
pretty bad it's the actions not very
good and they're just stupid they make
all the stupid wrong decisions
anyways I'm critiquing because I've
spent a lot of time on chair lifts and
they're doing it all wrong I've never
been trapped on one well actually I was
but we had to jump off but it was like
low but my friends they one time we're
at Alta in Salt Lake and the trailer
stopped and they had to come and throw
up a rope and put a harness on people
and lower everybody down from the chair
laughing but me and my friends just
jumped because it was like 15 feet up
and it was like a really powdery day so
literally the snow was like four feet
deep so we just jumped in the snow it
was no big deal anyways if you want to
waste an hour and a half of your life
check out frozen on Netflix
our hair any little air in our hair
that's excited you guys have never
rolled your windows down when you went
through under those car wash air blowers
you are missing out on life people
you're missing out come on live a little
hey crazy I feel like where do we open
it nothing's in there you have what how
many one three four five you're the one
I love you baby I go tomorrow I'm gonna
go see and you guys used to be my
passion I used to go skiing on average
60 times per year not crazy and I
haven't even been once this year it rope
stupid rope never let me go ski when I
want rope sticking my bass
least she got my baseball cards dude
this is from back in the day check it
out Mike Henneman huh
ken Hill that's a keeper that's worth
250,000 some of these are like check out
all these all these cards I got they're
all baseball cards Babe Ruth rookie card
what holy crap I just ripped the Babe
Ruth rookie card Miami that one probably
was worth thousands who's this guy tell
me if this guy's famous Benito Santiago
is Benito Santiago horse any money trip
burrito
Benito finito good buddy is my old you
really I was number 12 John Stockton
Kia's imagine me wearing this with my
short shorts
oh yeah down the court my short trips on
anyway cops right stop it - the loan
mailman delivers again what's in here
this is my oh dude here's my Scout yes
look my bandolier no way Jose Jose
Bertini no here's my bandolier I was an
Eagle Scout it's kind of stress really
loyal helpful friendly courteous kind
obedient cheerful thrifty brave clean
and reverent on my internal do my best
to do my duty God my country to bed skel
I'll keep myself physically strong
mentally like - early strength do a good
turn daily be prepared uh ten-hut
eat lots of cheeseburgers wait dude
check all these merit badges I got see
all that
emergency preparedness first aid this is
tower building canoe this was learning
how to fly like a duck
this one was burning books that was a
fun one who learned how to burn books
this one that's squirrel eating that was
our scalping up skiing skiing Mayer
badge
all right here baby look the grand team
Town Council
where's my Eagle Scout how is this
distant patrol leader I have a beaver
Saul kinds of cool stuff
oh my arrow of white badge I got the
arrow of white not wasn't Google
experience we got to go on canoes and it
was late at night I had to pee really
bad
and so I even got the arrow light
because he peed out of the canoe this
was when I was a boy scout a Cub Scout
see you know we blows wolf Bobcat bear
got all these stars and stuff my mom
made this for him isn't that nice yeah I
should go in my office sometime some
diamond cuts all right well this has
been shaycarl walk down memory lane
