you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax follow
we shake says
he likes
good morning everybody it is time to go
get mommy tart from the dentist again
one of her fillings fell out inside of
lie Creek lean it out and I think
they're gonna put a cap on it she's
probably a little delirious he fell and
mommy tarred you numb it felt good put
they put like chapstick on it's like
it's everywhere but she just she like
she dipped your head in a bet a back of
a thing of Vaseline she just yeah she's
like white wine what is it when they if
she swirl heed you when you shove your
head in the toilet
she swirly do with Vaseline hey I like
what I do that though cuz when your
mouths open for so long your lips get
dry and cracked how nice of them she
also rub lotion on your feet it looks
like I was it were you out totally
yeah here was it drilling associated a
country music what did you hear what's
up was it I don't remember now you like
to know
I like Lady Antebellum saw one chair
baby dirt but it's no why I love no I I
could fill it like it kept hurting I was
like I didn't really want more no
Joaquin like I don't really want or
dizziness I wanted him to numb it more
but they gave me more the other stuff
and I was like the nitrous so I felt
dizzy I'm like proud of it but I could
still feel the pain oh oh she said they
gave me some more so it should last like
four hours no yeah cool do you want some
buttermilk biscuits
I was a buttermilk biscuits hey mommy
dark cut some hot fresh steamy moist
buttermilk biscuits was honey okay had
some honey have some honey
okay bye sounds hard 580 tard
I like your hairdo who did your hair say
happy birthday grandma sounds like pizza
huh happy birthday grandma I love you
grandma
oh no grandma
Malakai was hot too he was totally
trying to get in there in front of the
kids cuz he wanted us oh he loves my
grandma - grandma happy birthday grandma
I love you
hey he's so big alright girls by be good
kay bye son tard
you be good for Kyler alright cut to
start whoa dude easy with the baby
that's shaken baby syndrome he's smiling
okay lay them down softly softly and
easily okay bye bird star love you try
rocket Oh leo rocket Oh leotard ha ha
what no no kiss until you're 18 years
old 18 years old 13 years oh hi guys was
I any of these male dancers what male
dancers that's what Chippendales were
like really wait when was this you're at
a birthday no when I worked at America's
for us in Phoenix and I was leaving to
move here so all the girls want to take
me see Oh dad did you know about this
male dancer to rub against alright and
so they have these male dancers and this
guy was absolutely gorgeous right let me
smell Downton and then mom was his
nickname footlong well you're talking
about male dancers anyways I would tell
the story you guys my mom doesn't want
you yeah no you guys later
okay bye no they dancin even put dollar
bills on their pants or whatever well
and then all these girls lined up to
kiss this guy so when I hear this line
of fifty euros they pay five bucks and
they get so these girls cuz I take okie
is so huge okay right so they go pay him
and he comes over he's me I'm like yo
kiss me
he's like will they pay me is it my wine
listen I just watched you kiss about
people girls you're not getting me and
he was so offended we probably did good
would you ask I didn't just know the
girls don't get down he's probably a
really good kisser you think about that
no I think how many Cherno things I
don't know what we're talking yeah
second is a robot dad Picard's bustin it
down is across the intersection in my
car and I start dancing like this like
then she flips them off some lady dude
are you dancing you're dancing is truly
offensive that are you having a happy
birthday man but I'm not gonna be if my
husband really loved me you get on this
table no table dancing dad I love mom or
not she wants a table dance
listen footlong jump up on here and give
us a day but she was looking at and
chilling this was me all right this is
cut off happy birthday to you off the
ban oh yeah one more there grandma
thar there's only one candle left on
your cake happy birthday got one last
flame okay yeah
that's the fans fault the fan got half
of your wishes sorry
they melted really hot car honking hi
it's grandma's birthday did you know I
was birthday and - this is a junkie Oh
what's going on tell your grandpa what
are you looking at - I alright
this says son tar do you want to read
this okay here this this is a note that
he just made for his grandma and that
says I love you that's a nice picture
okay read this dear grandma oh there
your throat I got a clear throat says I
love you yeah it's a picture saying I
love you to your grandma do I have
earrings on right here
did you draw this one baby tard yeah
dad huh let's see it I have earrings Oh
oh that looks like Grandma so she's had
a few bricks start you sleeping sleeping
princess start fall asleep all right go
ahead give her her present oh it's a big
one
grandma always gets the big present
she's the most spoiled haha it's that
joke about yourself
that's my line of work
oh yes it's a tart
we knew you wanted one is it blue honey
what is it Oh a down comforter does it
have like feathers in it yes it's a
white goose down comforter oh we killed
some gooses for you thank you Goosen
pieces I want golden eggs fruit mister
okay here's the present I got you oh my
gosh you guys you're spoiling me we're
such good kids hey dark without your
thumb yeah negative twos that was a good
one hey Carly your mom's having a
birthday when I got your damn phone for
two seconds okay do you like it I guess
you like bracelets you have 800 of them
on already and it matches the earrings
do you see yes let's do a close-up when
we see yeah those are pretty I hope this
watch fit to here hi Fred see oh I spent
way too much money
well you know that's why we kept the
receipts yeah I picked that out that is
till I get I love that let's see
yeah that's Purdy for a pretty mommy Oh
what it's were what this pocket package
looks really fun lovin as most of us
note just got his package Tyler hey guys
I just got some really bad news from
mommy tard
is it true mommy tard hate to tell you
this honey but I'm going out on the road
I'm gonna be a big big star you gonna be
a odeon of ear well I've got my guitar a
musician okay
my you got your satchel baby wipes and a
book
well maybe could be a nanny a nanny that
sings singing I'm seeing a Mary just a
spoonful of sugar helps them medicine I
sing that song tonight differences tart
are you dead
because I had to give her medicine Wow
poor princess start the medicine go down
medicine go down just a spoonful of
sugar helps the medicine go down in most
in light always that's our nightly
rendition of well good luck out there on
the road hopefully somebody will pick
you up
get your Taylor guitar it's been real
fun I love you it's been nice it's been
some good eight years yeah All Right see
ya peace out homey for City a handshake
no supposed to do three alright
