what's that honey
you mean jeggings jeans and leggings are
called shaky good because I don't want
to get the hell out of here right now
huh
look at this look at these weirdoes what
is she doing is she protecting the
genitalia of these two other mannequins
you will not come into this genitalia
zone I am protecting these genitalia
I am the faceless genitalia protect her
I have no face but I protect Janet Elias
I don't know I don't know like I said
before can we go can we leave the
premises we're at forever 21 and I am a
loving husband so I've been putting up
with shopping places like this all day
oh happy Anniversary to us hey you know
what I want to do I want to go ahead
thing in the bras section okay if you
need me I'll be in the bra section
head-banging I'm leaving right now I'm
getting some weird looks from the staff
what I'm bomb a new skein a bomb a new
scheme woman I love you doesn't mean I
don't love you I'm just leaving hi guys
Shekar there my neck kinda hurts from
all the head bobbing oh I think I got a
kick of my neck all right so we are in
Salt Lake City look look I went to the
buckle I got my mom something cuz it's
my mom's birthday today happy birthday
grandma tard and I got her something
fancy in there because she's gonna be
she's like 34 years old right mom
we're at the Gateway Mall in Salt Lake
and we're just shopping having a good
time we went out to eat went to that
Brazilian place they have like this
Brazilian buffet and they bring you like
a hundred different meats it's really
good look at these homeys down here
let's let's yell at them and see if
they'll wave at us and be on YouTube
okay here we go
hey guys welcome to the mall
whoo YouTube now anyways
so um I have a ton of footage from the
Jazz game last night
I have literally 30 minutes of a pretty
good footage as I compressed and import
it into the computer last night after
mami tarde went to bed but I'm not gonna
be able to get it up today let's just be
honest we're celebrating our anniversary
or shopping probably to go to the movie
we're just you know being hit man and
wife hanging out and so I'm not going to
have much time to get on the computer
and edit and compress
all that stuff that you guys want me to
do so I thought to make this iPhone
video we are shopping like I said in my
leotards in in stupid 21 I think they
call it forever 21 but I'll have the
vlog up tomorrow it's gonna be a long
one of the jazz game that we celebrated
last night for anniversary okay hey guys
I'm vlogging mommy tart she's not coming
out I've got so many wear looks in there
okay guys I'll see you tomorrow all flaw
edit the vlog tonight and get it up this
is the vlog for today love you bye
