come here for a sec dude I'm totally
tripping out right now
it's not that crazy so don't trip
yourself out are you coming
come here okay so we're here with the
tardes what's it in ma'am hi nice to
meet you what's your name you stop
acting like your dad what are we doing
guys
Oh doing a little a homework so we're
doing some homework here at the shake
our residence baby toward oh it's going
on and I thought for the for the last so
here's what we're doing for parental
card we're doing h h HH HH hammer heart
horn horse all this kind of stuff you
have to draw an H you know hog where's
this one though hot tub it's like a bath
I know oh there's one without okay okay
I'm like what is what H I was like a
sink to me anyways so right here you're
supposed to draw something that starts
with an H so we did hat obviously so
then for the very last one they're
supposed to do too I thought let's do
something that will impress the teacher
okay so we looked up hexagon on the
phone so now princess art is trying to
draw a hexagon and then she's gonna
write hexagon and the teachers would be
like wow your parents obviously helped
you but here's the crazy thing here's
the crazy thing
frog tarde zip the lip dog
oh is that one he's pissed hold on it's
out of batteries another eight toward
Larrabee a cuss word okay let me get to
the point of why I started to record
this whole scenario so Princess hard
drew her hexagon and it didn't look like
it hexagon
I said erase it I'm gonna smack that
baby I'm he just wants to be over here
doing the homework
hey there rope door gonna be doing our
work I do over quit dice it's like over
to be part of the party okay
so tell me honey if you can relate to
this if you also have this knowledge
hidden inside of your brain so princess
heart is a rake arrey arrey keen she's
erasing her hexagon oh I'm getting the
chills thinking about it and you know
when the eraser runs out and it there's
like the metal on the paper and it's
like I was like oh I grabbed your pencil
and I started I started to bite in
because you remember if you bite the
pencil if you bite it you're gonna push
a little bit of the eraser out you never
done that I like in that that's
something that I have I literally have
not done in probably 15 years but I
remember as a kid having a pencil doing
math homework or something and when my
eraser would run out I would bite it I
would bite the metal and it would push
some of the eraser out so that you could
erase and so you wouldn't be scratching
the metal on the paper so I grabbed her
from her and I started writing it just
like not even at like not even thinking
about it it was just like a natural
thing you know then I was like holy crap
I haven't done that in 15 years and I
said kids there's a little life lesson
whenever your eraser on your pencil
starts to run out and it starts
scratching the paper if you just bite it
you're gonna push some of the eraser out
and you can get you can maximize your
eraser usage
okay you guys remember that look do you
see how that worked I wanna okay let's
see your H work which one this one ham
hope so we were trying to think of H
words to draw and some targets like I
have one I said don't tell princess
start I said just write it down and show
me that was him I could go for some ham
right now some honey smoked yeah I kind
of let the let the ham slip out of the
bag didn't I
okay so anyways back to the homework
practiced hard is going to be drawing a
hexagon nervous okay there you go
I want let's see who can draw the best
let's have a hexagon drawing contest
yeah so hey guys um this is one take
Sunday this one take Sunday it's Sunday
let's make this one take Sunday okay
guys shaycarl here this is one takes
Sunday if your erasers ever run out of a
racer bite it a little life lesson for
all y'all's out there okay love you bye
see you tomorrow
