you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax power
the school level
just because
we do
Carl you're gonna start a makeup channel
on YouTube
yes and this is going to be every day
today I got a friend lip gloss and it's
cherry and I also go with a watermelon
and they're so similar but they're
different because it's cherry and this
is watermelon but when you go about your
days you will attract different people
because they smell different and they're
different so you're going to try them
out so check in my pants I think it's
there from Annan and train but if you
mix them it's like optical checkout
Carly's makeup YouTube
what do what you gonna call it Carly up
Carly's up Carly makeup Carter calling
it chuckle lip gloss tropical you do a
video every day 365 lip gloss Clippers
hey guys we're in the mountains look
Monto neos de la novia what is-what's
nope what snow free Oh whoever
Nueva is snow moto knows de nuevas no yo
novio yeah that's boyfriend isn't it
what you're talking to you're supporting
my idea doing that what Oh YouTube you
guys Kaylee's gonna make a channel too
yeah
we're gonna we're going up to this cabin
we're gonna like start 18 channels what
Mommy tarde oh geez what are we doing
mama tarde her getting carsick yes
getting sick from driving on this he
comes back we're going up to Bear Lake
for New Year's Casey and his buds got a
cabin up there in lost month on yes lost
phone Tanya's it's really pretty we're
driving up Logan Canyon right now and
there's people that are gonna run us
over
but it's snowy and gorgeous but the bad
news is I really thought this I thought
oh I might be I'm not gonna be able to
film that much cuz it's probably bad
service up here my camera won't get
reception I really that thought really
went through my mind I'm like oh crap
this would be bad service ever oh oh
we're cutting out guys okay oh yes
Oh bat service partner hey you guys I
can hear me
I would dress up nice way to go that's
much oh you guys gotta check this PJ FK
this way what else do I have to say we
didn't start the fire but it's always
burning since the world's been turning
you want to know a cool story about that
song children of thalidomide when I was
a junior in high school at a teacher and
our final for the year was in that song
they named a bunch of historical events
he gave everybody in the class mr.
Fleishman when I was a junior the event
burning the class six of the because it
was like there's so many historical
events in that song everybody got six of
them and you had to do a report on what
happened like exactly what he's talking
about in the song of that song if you
guys know what I'm talking about watch
it on YouTube or go read the lyrics but
it's basically a bunch of a historical
event and that was our finals the
coolest final I'd ever had and he get up
in front of the class and he played the
song he played the song in the front of
the class and then had to get up and
explain your five things and it was
really cool they really liked
enlightening so now every time I hear
that song I'm like I know about every
woman that dies
mine was like a number one of them was
children of thalidomide and it was this
medicine they used to give pregnant
ladies they thought it was going to help
him but then it started making babies
grow like seven arms so I'm a trial that
hello to my that was what I was I was
Yeah right there I was born but that's
cool you guys check it out I'm gonna
become a history teacher now and make
that be my final yeah okay Casey says
this is his secret dear honey shea oh
crap sorry I just gave it away
you guys come right here Oh My heck look
at that is so cool it's like cliffs and
snow and trees and oxygen and just
mother nature that's what she rolls
right up there yeah I love this
what are you guys talking about your
shrines frozen in her dream
it is really that's why why is it frozen
oh that's right so we're gonna die we're
gonna freeze to death up here we have to
eat each other
Donner party of five Donner that's a
joke more movie I'm still in jokes what
movie it's Robin Williams I'm not sure
what it's from patch out of patch Adams
I don't know we're guessing that was it
check these guys out they just got
stunts in the backside gets more
snowboarders up here
oh yeah you give them a ride huh okay
okay okay case case jkc their film out
the window and give us some commentary
and how pretty it is
so come on case okay - ah ah - the play
the gate gate LOL haytch I look at this
view is gorgeous gorgeous you did you
pushed Daisy had to push two cars be eat
a beautiful day so pretty up here it's
cold at risk and we could die at any
minute
get it is cute
Wow
I'm surprised yeah I don't know what am
I talking about
okay I like your gravel eggs are tired
please take a break that it yeah let me
see how we gonna get in there all my
heck so here's the cabin here's the
cabin here's the driveway four feet of
snow there's no way we're gonna get in
there oh man add some gloves can't get
on okay we have to trick to the cabin
jump on our meat are just like trekking
across the plains little tard ready
Trail Rock I look at him daddy you got
me all right what a good soldier
gorgeous sky Carly daughter beat you you
gotta catch her gotta catch her get her
get up tackle r1a mom eat our dad she's
right on your heels the car is the van
is right there she got her
the van is way up there and there's some
rice krispie treats in the back of it
the van that they want so they have to
track down this freakin trail that's
like three feet deep of snow to get into
the house which is right here look at
this view this is freaking gorgeous I
totally want to get a cabin up here this
is amazing look at that view Sabri
it's so petty it's so precious and
pretty and risin Frison come phrase the
corn inside on snap someone's dancing oh
no
who let the dance party in alright let's
see your new year's dance Zumba
oh snap Casey's coming in now guys are
in trouble look it's the best dancer
ever
that was a great Russian Jacqueline do a
pike
at the time of my life
well do you like that
ready
this is suppose she's so happy right now
so adorable
yeah hey
seven six three twelve to celebrate
every going all right here
a celebration come throughout the year
let the good times and the bad times
- I'm gonna celebrate this party with
you hello Bree Sean come home and have a
good time
where you not singing we you should know
the word like I said - its crib before
we got here
I know Shep see a dance you have to
dance make up for it I love that's my
favorite
are we already combo let's celebrate
whoo Elmo celebration celebrate good
times come on let's celebrate hey guys
happy new year
me mama card wish you guys a happy new
year and we can't wait for a great 2011
gonna watch you many times
we'll see you guys next year great joy
joy I wonder great joys the great
happiness happiness a bridge or
watermelon in six months for the water
year season all right Happy New Year
Happy New Year
