hey you guys be sure to go to district
lines and get the new shaycarl hat well
what they are is I've worn I've worn
these hats for ten years and then I send
them to you
there they may have seen better days and
I may have sweat a lot in the thing you
know where I got this hot my dad
actually bought me this hat for
Christmas once it's a Volcom stone hat
and I wore the crap you ever had like an
old hat or any you know any you guys had
an old hat you never want to let go of
mom and her I think is trying to throw
this away a few times she's like wow
more than you blame me look at this baby
I love this hat this was like oh I wore
this hat so many memories wearing this
thing shaking attached to clothes I get
to certain things not necessarily shirts
check out this so let's check out this
blast from the past this got me lots of
chicks back in the day hey Carly we're
just looking through some of my old hats
want to come out here and hang out I
wonder how many have I have had them on
I checked this one out I bought this one
when I buy this one this is Green Day
hat
haha Green Day hat about that one I
probably had a thousand hats my life wow
this is a good memory that my mom bought
me this one North Face you want to have
some of these you want to inherit some
your old man's hats do you some car this
is your hat mommy tired I know I don't
know when I saw this out when we were
dating I was like she's a cool chick
she's got a flock this is a hat that I
got when I went to a lunch once when I
was a granite I own my own business and
they used to all these peas companies
like this is a paint company they invite
you to come to their lunch cuz they want
you to buy their products they give you
free hats Benjamin Moore paints oh this
is one of my favorites this hat I won in
the 1987 racquetball tournament that I
participated in and oh no said you were
ten years old yeah well I was let's see
I'm 43 now and I was 28 anyways I won
this an attorney that's what we call him
back oh it never fit that's why I mean I
haven't really worn them nice hat don't
tell me about that kids I've worn a hat
or two in my day if I have to pass
that's it I'm going to go get me a new
hat check out my new babies hard hat I
just I just picked this one a classy way
babies hard hats it's really comfortable
snug fit fit and finish that's really my
girl
princess very one time your I was right
before I was the princess fairy it's
what you said Illya boring I was a
velociraptor then I was a Hunchback of
Notre Dame
anyways thanks for joining me
Shay Carl had our shoe on head oh look
what's going on here
a little bit of child labor don't drop
it don't drop it be strong don't drop it
Thunder what you're gonna come up with
their bird start are you pretty maxed
out there you couldn't carry any more
you're tired what's that you got there
mom that's mom's old dollar stuffed
animals oh cool
well what we're doing now is we're
unloading the trailer you guys believe
how pathetic we are we're still
unloading the trailer when we first
moved here which hatch they were where
my green day huh and we're still
unloading it so that we can move it over
into the trailer pad as my parents are
bringing over their four-wheelers to
store them in our house
so we're unloading the trailer and it's
cold outside but we got some children
here and that's that makes good for some
good old child labor yeah you call it
mommy tard
family it's an heirloom you can keep it
in your heart for always than ever she
wants it to be her huh here I got
something for you I have a knuckle
sandwich you keep it's all for you this
is all yours right in the nose what do
you got son tired you got that
what do you carry in there is it a
bushel of green beans yep where are you
taking it back Sears we're gonna put it
downstairs are you getting this again
heavy you got it
gonna put it in the cold storage oh yeah
so that when the what are you told man
mommy tard we got some green beans for
when the apocalypse happens we could put
them in the food storage who's your best
dad I assume that's me hopefully quite
here's church to open Oh Oh father-son
moment oh my baby boy yeah
I take that pipe out give investigator
hey hey scrooge mcduck what are you
doing you take the deck race oh my gosh
don't even realize you stripped her bare
you stripped her bare knuckles happy
holidays are going in the Tupperware so
that quick kind of going-away talk for
New Year's all right that's time to move
on it's over Christmas is over it's a
victim Christmas is over hello McFly
hello McFly Christmas is over almost
kicked her in the bum look it rocked our
whole Christmas will be over all bumps
from a bouncer did you just touch my
butt crack
was bending over and he tried to give me
a wedgie is that the upward dog are you
doing upward dog Diet Pepsi dance here
yeah that's it
no this reused a bunch of footage I want
to see new material that was I've seen
all that footage are you you have like
30 seconds of new stuff and then
everything else was just Ryu I need new
material from Logan McKay 55 how much of
it was reused be honest sorry okay show
us this new toy you got okay so my
package came I worked all the style
congratulations you hit puberty yay sure
I just got it it has got the joke okay
so you got your badge I went to I went
to okay this is one of the things that
came let me see it
it's like look that's so cool what's
that movie well this is it assassin
Aegis no there was a movie like a long
time ago dad remember and they had a
thing what is it called no it's even
longer ago open the thing people you
know time anyways you hold it like this
and you throw it you throw it as hard as
you can and when you throw it these
blade these knives open like that okay
there was remember that movie it was
like really long ago and he had like
reaching the lava to get it out it was
he like threw that it would come back to
him yeah yeah yeah and I have like the
knives on it and then and then it opens
up like this as a hidden thing and it
has ninjas little Chinese stars in the
middle of it did you I should do take
this to school yeah ok show us how you
throw it and flip it open all right ok
so don't cut yourself okay wait so show
us the before he's gonna flip it up in
the air and as you flip it Ameer all
those knives open charity know what
you're gonna throw like that I gonna oh
that's a demonstration
scat was not you do not get your taupe
Minh ship merit badge and they throw it
and you know lose your taupe Minh should
merit been Boy Scout
okay mommy tard what's the matter to
tell me about it her daughter is oh no
she's math as a math no Oh what is it
drugs babies what is she making we have
a parenting problem oh just show me oh I
don't want to hear about it so nervous
guys start us having issue what is she
doing
what are you doing you're not sleeping
right there Butthead why are you
sleeping there you're not either you
just want to stay up and hang out I'm
scared
 dude don't bull why you laying on
the floor then that's where the bugs are
princess guard
listen to me I was the master of
deception when I was your age too I knew
how to stay up late with my dad I always
did the same thing
you can't pull anything over on me dude
you can't pull the wool over on my eyes
I know you're just trying to come out
here and make this feel bad for you got
to stay up late last night last night
princess card stayed up and watched
inception with us till 2:00 in the
morning and now she wants to stay up
again she watched inception the
reception series are you gonna get in
bed now there's bugs on the floor dude
that were your sleepin
look at what Mommy turd got me for my
Christmas new luggage new dress was
Andre my little frumpy Alondra no corner
you afraid of the bugs - I'm afraid of
bugs dirty
he's the gate master he sleeps at the
top of the stairs nobody gets up here
without Malachi knowing about it oh
mylanta
is this where Armageddon happened oh
crap what did you say you don't know
what imma getting this do you oh oh yeah
such a good movie with Bruce where you
goin no-no-no Malachi's in your room
he's sleeping with you ever
yeah okay come here okay give me Bubbe
good eye Bobby come on Bobby come on
Bobby come on guy
go move you jump over up up up hahahaha
good boy go ever hung up there lie down
buddy
good boy
you listen to his daddy you better put
those scissors down okay you're gonna
find you're gonna look like Sinead
O'Connor in about five minutes
okay good
we're here lying here you want to lay in
this but have you slept in the suitcase
just wants to lay in here with you he's
confused now now you confused him come
here come here
oh we go wiggle hey go lie down on the
floor or on Carly's coat he's so cute
alright see ya loser by Malachi I love
you you sleep with Carly tonight shut up
but look like physical movie oh so
embarrassing I gotta poop things on my
face guy comer says it go boy sit shake
shake shake shake
that's a poppy - go go poppy he'll love
you I love you there's a good boy well
you were you ready go come on let's go
here come on baby
come on come on again Donovan come on
come on love
no no no good boy go downstair you doing
laundry mommy tard
are you slur are you afraid of the bugs
let's bury you like we're at the beach
the hit ship is hey mommy shark those
are nice
oh sweet let's bury you like you're at
the beach
yeah with dirty laundry that might not
be fun
I peed the bed on those absolutely okay
say goodbye say love you yeah love you
bye happy laundry to you let you guys
