it is a big day in the life of the
Shaytards family alright go go go go go
go
good thing I have my new handy dandy
recycling bin oh there's a family in
here
are you ready cuz my glory really cool
hey guys
shaycarl here hi everybody
shake our yeah I'm making a video of my
life how long am I gonna do that for
what do you want hold on we gotta film
it we're not acting like silly
baboons we just talk about real issues I
am joke that's gonna be awesome
we're all trying our best to do our best
more stuff did why would he do that oh I
know her I'm so glad that I know her the
queen of the castle is coming down to
grace us with her presence sure you can
get in there Gavin is running 8 miles an
hour what do you think broseph oh boy
there's the big buff stud muffin what
did you do this morning you mace is
Gavin taller than Colette
you passed out that's exactly what she
was that baby I found the golden egg
inside the doghouse for it to start you
find any
no that's spit Eve keep digging
let's talk about you let me see let me
see
click you but I love my pan I want to
know who's that that's Jesus huh what do
you got sandwich no that's not a fan
which will for crackers
okay what do you wanna go do what was
that
back then I love you wanna carry the
rolls while I carry you baby and we can
call it the baby rolls
grab those help out around here I'll
carry you you carry the goldfish
you want to open those you need that
candy with these guys - dad - hey daddy
Oh do you think there's an egg in there
for me Oh drew sure oh my gosh that's
really cute oh you guys look at that
Easter Bunny and bring them back here we
have a complaint about our baskets hey
make sure you don't give this guy any
eggs
oh no how do you mean come on come on
you can do it good boy
thank you for joining us on another
fun-filled shaytards day listen i know
they're obnoxious but you're the one
that chose to watch this video
okay see you guys see you tomorrow I sit
down at my computer to see what you have
done so far today it's just nice to see
reality just a cool family be good to
each other
people
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome and capturing images of our
posterity that's a weird thing we do
because it changes every time you as a
species we just like let's remember
whatever the little humans that we made
look like right now at this point in
time and then we can remember when we
were little humans like this and then
when you're a big human like me you'd be
like whoa I remember being that little
human at that table on that tablecloth
that we were at the kids table and now
I'm a big human it's like yeah those are
cousin learn how to walk that's the most
I've ever seen Winston walk there he
goes Oh turning around he's like I can
do that let me give it a whirl I think
he's like watch wouldn't Dax he's like I
want to try that good job if I I don't
feel happy when I'm like this so I'm
just not gonna be like this anymore and
I know it's easier said than done
but I've always said you know what I am
gonna just be me and that way nobody can
tell me anything about me cuz I already
know it I know I'm a chubby guy so if I
really summit somebody comes and says
dude you're fat like it doesn't hurt my
feelings because it's like really hey
Captain Obvious thanks haha I know
that's why I wanted to talk to you about
your insecurities maybe there's things
that you're like afraid that people will
notice about you but I think if you're
honest with yourself and you admit like
that's a problem I have that's an
insecurity I have and then you kind of
like look it in the face and you admit
it then nobody can tell you that that's
a problem because you're like I know
seriously huh we all got problems
anyways and that all I know there's mean
people there's just jerks out there I
mean that's just common knowledge there
are people that just don't get it they
are just jerks and they could just be
young you know there's young kids that
are just mean just because they're
stupid and they haven't grown up yet and
they haven't matured to realize that
people are people everybody's trying to
do the best
can you know so don't don't point
fingers and I know it's human nature to
feel better about yourself when other
people are doing bad like did you hear
about Suzy I heard she's pregnant she's
dropping out of high school you know I
think that makes people feel better
about themselves cuz that Suzy chick is
totally screwing up her life so you feel
a little bit better about yours don't do
that we're all trying our best to do our
best we're all trying our best to do our
best that's brilliant
it was over redundant anyways so if you
understand what I'm saying is just a
face face those things those
insecurities or things that you may feel
like you don't like about yourself face
them head-on and that way nobody can
tell you that you have the problem
you're like I know I'm working on
