you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just follow along
they say guys
Oh masterful performance baby tard and
the crowd goes wild
poor baby tard did they want more the
crowd wants more you're so amazing
can you sing him again one time
performance okay I just love to buy
tickets for next concert when's your
next concert gonna be what are you doing
over here you plug it in your
playstation finding a power outlet to
get some juice for the PlayStation what
is it is that did you that for Christmas
no is it oh national treasure too
cool hey listen your grandma's coming
over let's clean the house so she
doesn't think that we're scumbags okay
pick up your skirt baby turn what did
you say we're not stopping she's not
gonna believe us if she sees this house
it's a mess let's clean it up come on
baby tart come pick up your crap take
that up to your room I'm gonna punch you
in the nose you want a punch in the nose
yeah okay okay I am banishing you out to
a wasteland come on let's go you've been
banished to the outside world where it's
snow bye
it's cold out there
you have any shoes on your feet seize
that cold yeah
oh how obnoxious
be the one to ordered the food cheetahs
gosh is that ever Ignacio social he
orders them and it's like you can see
them and smell them through the whole
restaurant yeah it's like a big ordeal
like oh here comes the hot item for me
here at before oh hey Donatello down
there on the end when Carly put that up
a dog who we got mom you look like a
ninja turtle does she look like a ninja
turtle Cooper it looks like a ninja
turtle egg so what'd you get mommy
TARDIS the veggie enchilada mmm
delicious but old rock target did he get
the NAP alamode the nap with a side of
pinto beans yeah okay so here is here is
the kids new thing they come in here and
they lay on my floor and they say daddy
can i watch cartoons on your TV so then
I put cartoons on this watch what watch
what happens in this cartoon I was just
kind of like barely listening to it this
is um Tom and Jerry and somehow Tom the
cat just got killed and he's up in cat
heaven watch this overcoming that so
this guy's this cat's dad look out and
he's like narrow because he got ran over
by a steamroller
watch what's next
so basically somebody threw a bag of
kittens in the river and killed him oh I
didn't get it I thought it steamrolled
two kids no Carly come on put your head
out the bag was full of water it was a
type relax I need I did the use of these
meet him up centered I was like watching
that I was like they're just in like
they just shot basically somebody throw
bag of kittens in a lake and they died I
think that adults would get the kid kids
won't even get it yeah I was in there
watching I'm like what
that's not very nice it's not three
kittens in a bag full of water anyways
just watching some good old time
cartoons on the Google TV baby card you
like this cartoon wasn't that sad you
don't care alright keep watching yeah
she's like they're in heaven why would
that be bad print is hard that's not how
you're supposed to sit what are you
doing what are you doing huh at his rock
tart
see that's not how you're supposed to be
sitting in it spanking but somebody get
her out of there get it out there go
long get nervous oh geez you have been
extracted from the babies play device
it just jumps wakeful rock guard they're
fighting over Oh should I hold slender
down while you punch him all right
hey it's a start I got and come give him
a sandwich what kind of sounds are you
gonna give him huh
give him a knuckle sandwich Oh giving
him a knuckle fan with it okay okay okay
okay you're vicious Bridge is charred ya
dive right back in there bridge the
start is in the vortex again hey if you
can tell me that is an obscure reference
from a really funny video from some
youtubers I will give you a hundred cool
points if you can tell me what that
reference was it's a YouTube video firms
really funny youtubers in the comments
below I'll be super impressed if you can
Carly do the walk you guys going to
Zumba hey mommy guard you want to take
the camera to Zumba there's lots of hot
girls there you think people will think
it's weird you just film you in Carly's
so mommy tard and Carly are leaving us
here with the spaghetti and they're
going to Zumba Targ
no it tastes good I already had some
yeah it was really good this is the best
ever baby card if you don't take that
thumb out of your mouth that's gonna be
the last thing you ever put in your
mouth you got it you got huh join us for
cayenne pepper in your mouth how'd you
like that huh you're gonna have to get a
job and pay for your own braces when you
get bigger cuz I ain't paying for it
clicking your nose I'm taking your nose
it's every time you suck your thumb I'm
gonna pick your nose it's mom Oh still
I'm picking your nose
alright you're going with you're taking
these guys okay you guys want to go to
Zumba with Carly and mommy tard
oh boy technology okay bye
here take the camera guys have fun
decided let's go for a tuba Carly I love
Zumba she dragged me here and I know
that I'm not gonna regret it once I'm
done but right now I'm like Han just go
to bed now
please wait tumblr and watch a movie
okay here we go
video do it boom hard yes
Carly we can hear them it's so exciting
could you do that the whole clock you're
like so I'm going to get that purple
jacket out here
you
trading my chicken sandwich woman okay
princess hard ready
I'm just an old Snapple kiwi-strawberry
Snapple okay let me swing everything
else today Shreyas portrays today
Shreyas Karl no ok Shreyas Karl alright
I am going to paint
princess stars fingernail because I am a
find artiste
oh we fit so precious precious autumn
memories in our lines every day holds
Dale freaking a man Karl
how am I supposed to paint a nail and
you're jiggling around hey what are you
some type of jell-o jiggler
hold still but nugget you know what yeah
I'm still dude you have to you know what
it's like I'm working with amateurs here
okay softly blow on that not too hard
you'll ruin the surface I put a nice
surface on there watching your doing or
you're too close you got to be launched
to have to teach you girls everything
keep them about six to eight inches away
slightly blowing Liz I know nobody in
the surface of the pain glass and then
you can kind of like this if you want
okay let me see mess it up let's see oh
you need a new coat dang it baby dard
what are you let's see what we got going
on here oh it's so precious whoa whose
hand is that
don't get it kid don't don't put it too
close just like like it just sucked
what why are you teaching these girls
they I teach them everything I've taught
about a French braid I taught him how to
pay their fingernails I had worked on
how to apply
blush I taught him how to you know get
out good deals on shoes teaches cruise
equipment those are all very vital
things all right today's vlog is over I
call thank you for tuning in ladies and
gentlemen but today Shaytards viewing is
now concluded might I suggest you to
other entertainment options that you
might view right here on YouTube that's
right you won't even have to leave the
website that's how we like it here at
YouTube we don't ever want you to leave
alright well should take a look blow in
my pants and you'll find two other great
video options number one is an interview
I did with a fine young lady named Shira
Lazar you ever wondered about tray Karla
how I got started in YouTube well that
interviews right down there go check it
out right now
also a new shaycarl video is up for your
viewing pleasure what hold on hold on is
Carly talking smack on the PA hold on
whip to look into this
what'd she say did she say not eNOS
Carly Maria Velazquez I am vlogging hair
winger's you want to go to wingers and
get some buffalo wings
we don't want to hear what she's gonna
say alright guys see you tomorrow two
videos up
I'm not less than I tell our new
shaycarl video is up and an interview I
did that answers a lot of questions
about how I'm gonna do YouTube go check
it out link to my pants thank you for
tuning in today on the Street Arts
Channel we sure see it here tomorrow
bright and early have a great evening
and good bye
