you are now watching the shaitaan
hey welcome to the first day of the rest
of your life what are we doing what are
we doing that's not only a logical
question but a theoretical question of
what are we doing in this life what is
the purpose tell God to mow me
alright good good good well what a
coincidence because we're going to one
right now we therefore are fulfilling
the purpose of life you've always asked
yourself ladies and gentlemen shade tell
me please what is the purpose and
meaning of life well I'll tell you it's
the cinema let's go to I'm sorry why are
we going why do you get to go where your
sisters act why are they at the house we
forget them because girls don't like why
are you coming then get into the age
where he can he can sit through a Tron
type of a movie so he gets to come with
us and the girls and the bit you left
the baby too ambitious
so Carly's watching the girls and rocky
died rock and rodeo tard
yeah it's true
as a baby it's weird to say when he was
younger when he was a wee lad all you
had to do is feed him and he would be
quiet but now he gets like what are you
doing what's this I'm bored I want to
crawl around home so the three of us run
a triple date sorry where's your
girlfriend
how embarrassing you're the third will
do the third will do I'm so lazy I don't
want to say dude it's just do yo do
what's up what that is correct you
passed there was a trick question dude
who needs good job girls are for losers
girls have cooties kill you that's why I
married a woman in brain that into
centaurs head x19 what dude
the girls are woman's that is right
great deductive reasoning so I heard her
proud of you all right here we go Tron
Legacy and another movie with my
favorite actor Jeff Bridges I love him I
love him we must get to the portal
that's pretty good you like it cool
music Daft Punk yeah that the music the
soundtrack was by Daft Punk and when
they are like in that bar place or
whatever those two DJ's like cut the
helmets on they're jamming the music was
pretty cool definitely fit like the
lights and everything but if you guys
haven't seen it it's worth seeing here's
one well I don't wanna give away too
much at the very very end though here's
one little note I have about the song I
can tell that that's just an opinion
at the very end what was his name again
Flynn at the very end when the dudes
right now from the motorcycle and you
see Flynn's
it's like lit up but the signs like
orange I thought the sign should have
flickered and changed blue at the very
very end if you know what I'm talking
about have you've seen it if you go see
it that's what I thought they should
have changed anyway yeah just a little
minor detail but it was good it was
exciting
there's a few slow parts I was like okay
come on come on he didn't there's a few
times I like was getting a little
anxious on Mike on brights motorcycles
you something
oh it's more stuff to happen I really
liked um hit Flynn's like the old flame
I liked his apartment place it was
really cool like all the like the rooms
and stuff anyways as we're seeing Tron
Legacy we just want to ride my
motorcycle to get out my bo staff I want
to get a bo staff I'm gonna tie Bost
after my back and let her motorcycle
ride tomorrow just because that's what I
want to do after seeing that movie
it's like people see me around town like
outside that crazy fat dude who likes
the movie Tron the lot alright we're
going home let's go see the ladies maybe
we should just do it the normal way I
broke my tibia mice to be in my tibia
are both fractured on the third lateral
well dirty I think look at the security
cameras later they can't show me it's
one of these secret
should I be honest how to breath No oh
snap
that means got some baggage you judge
let's wear this to boring let's go oh
you know this this city of Long Beach oh
who remembers city of Long Beach parking
citation section oh why have you not
done that see like me I'm just noise
like I'm a renegade I'm like we paying
that we're never going back Long Beach
let me open this real quick thank you is
not a good example do not ever do that
no the original amount was 46 the new
amount is 94 we've had a few tickets add
a few parking tickets in California is
too long we have paid for them and we've
paid double for all of them
because it takes this long for us to pay
funny thing turns out they don't forget
hey show me the junky bug they'll never
know hey wait maybe this package you'll
bring some happiness for last okay 43
use the next one I don't say well this
is my Christmas bonus this is my
Christmas bonus from YouTube oh I see
yeah this is this is like show this is
my Christmas bonus from you too excited
now on whenever I travel to LA
and I'll tell you this right now as a
hint it's only like 2.8 pounds this is
gonna be sweet for when I travel because
I might have to take my my big laptop
anymore Christmas bonus from my job from
my youtubes thanks YouTube to express
how exciting let me just take off my hat
and show some respect here for for a
career that I have now that is purely a
blessing that is something that I always
dreamed of having something that I love
to do it's it's literally like I just
said to myself it's literally like I
said to my past self his future so what
could you choose as the best job you
would ever have and and I believe you
can too I really do I believe it's up to
everybody to choose what they want to do
in this life if you don't believe it I
feel bad for you because you never will
have it you'll always be doing and
always be stuck doing the things that
you hate because you don't have the
faith to believe that you could really
can do it you love and choose to be
happy you definitely have to reach out
and grab it
because I can tell you we've done a lot
of different things yeah we've had a lot
of crappy jobs we've we've had we've had
jobs where we had it was me and mommy
tarde than the little a little bite a
little baby boy my name is sometimes
Rossington paid eight bucks an hour
trying to pay the bills on a page
that'sthat's like $400 you know and all
the bills got paid and then we had $25
left on our checking account to last us
the next two weeks and we hadn't bought
groceries yet so how do you make $25
work in four on two weeks with no
groceries we've been through that we've
done all that how it worked out though
yeah it's hell this went from this one
from me tackling you into the post
office to my god the PSA a public
service announcement is how our life is
it is it's like crazy crazy
oh let's really have an attitude of
gratitude appreciate what we have a new
MacBook Air
