you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax follow
as do things change
whose every and just because
okay we're leaving the van here the old
Jiffy Lube to get a full service oil
change you leave your dog it's okay you
don't need your doggie come on you got a
doll already how many dollies do you
need Oh Oh Gil silly all right wait for
me guys so we're uh doing some errands
steak and the oil change of the van
getting the clean cleaning out the van
and we're walking down here to lunch
because want to see something cool watch
this ready
whoa I'm a lot closer I got this new
lens you can put it right on the front
of the foot cam and it makes your face
close to wide angle isn't that cool
I'll show you guys how it works later
but right now we're going to eat lunch
all righty we're pulling into the car
wash these lovely gentlemen here are
gonna clean up the van neutral this is
cool cuz you just put a neutral in it
like put like suck your van it's like
shifter like it's like jesus take the
wheel should let go but it's like car
wash take the we can let our sets up
even wiser be on the side of our man he
goes is it a B so they'll know that we
have a van because the nose under they
already know it's AB and I think it's
you for ultimate we got the ultimate car
wash because we want a stick a stand
clean van
well maybe a girl who wrote it's not a
very good writer of you maybe she had a
difficult experience in kindergarten and
she you know maybe - you picked on her
when she was growing up but she doesn't
like you so she tries to use like bees
princess how to love you you love to you
that's her favorite that your favorite
letter versus our umbrella hey princess
are do you like this song
the words they're all the words for
start ignite
a tonight
I don't know I still don't know I
producers good job guys way to the fish
oh I always take enough you have a story
yeah what's your story
you don't know you were supposed to bet
it in neutral what you do they put it in
park
oh I was trying to pull me there like
it's really embarrassing so bears okay
you guys check this out
so there's a little ape I can't see it
but I put a little metal ring on the
edge of the flip and all you do is
there's a lens right here can you see it
the sun's anyway here's the lens the
lens goes over it and it's magnetized
onto it and it gives it a wider look so
I'm not going to move
there's your there's your view take that
off see how much closer it is so it
opens it up to a wide view and it's
magnetizing that cool especially if you
have short pudgy arms like mommy tired
and it's hard to hold the camera far
away from your face so it's not like
you're not vlogging like this like hi
gosh sure Carl her eyes my mouth Obama
you hold it out with the wide lens it's
a lot easier you see a lot more you guys
think you like it look cool some part
where's your coat I practiced hard are
you trying to warm him up oh it's so
sweet of you you're a good sister you
said you don't need a coat but you do
now huh so there's like I was wrong I do
need a coat I'm stupid you're not stupid
you're just manly and the elements just
got to you more than you expected oh
sandy
what bein stupid and manly goes hand in
hand I take offense to that you singing
who's here who's here
how is Zumba that's all of us
let's see your moves mama tired was she
doing this where she's like oh the stone
went on yo stop stop
we need some music or this one Joey
listen when we gonna do the one-step
booty shake
oh that's my favorite move of all time
booty shake uh Carly silent mama jar
just got back from the Zumba class did
you did you burn some calories
let's see your six-pack um let's see
your six-pack Carly no Emil that about
that sixth bag was zumba rittvik that's
your six-pack your six-pack of Sunkist
SunnyD and red we have fun and we did uh
what that's white England's watch this
ready ready you're about to go non-wide
lot closer and boom no that's skinny
skinny bad skinny fat skinny loser
specific all right mommy tarts making a
delicious dinner what are you making
mommy tard
it smells good at least at least it
smells good
and baby turns out but it smells super
delish
some nights that's just that's all we
got to go on but I smell I smell
vegetables yeah look at that
cucumbers on the plates smells good I
can smell the cucumber's car what are
you making salad you have to apologize
look at baby tart she's cooking up you
cooking up some mac and cheese yup and
mommy tard look at you you're such a
grown-up choice budgeters up in the face
your hair's getting long baby tired
you're so grown-up you're already
cooking your own dinner already making
your own mac and cheese what's the song
macaroni macaroni mac and cheese three
times daily pretty please macaroni
macaroni mac and cheese
we like mac and cheese yay you Donna you
look a little confused musical laughter
oh mercy
Barney it's carnage macaroni macaroni
mac and cheese three times daily pretty
please
macaroni macaroni mac and cheese
we like mac and cheese these are the
kids we're in the dungeon looking for
you find a light bulb often quartered
okay so we need a light bulb why do we
need the hip Bob
so we can go outside and shoot stuff
Hey that is exactly right mommy tired
all right give me the light bulb all
right here we go
we are going no we're not we're gonna go
put this light bulb outside so that we
can see the target to shoot with SunGard
BB gun Sun tarde what do you got there
what kind of gun that's right
and I've already taught you the safety
rules and regulations right okay so
we're gonna put this light bulb into
here so you can see your target so that
you have a clear shooting uh you know so
that you can see what you're shooting at
in the middle of the night know where we
did put a hole in the fence last night
cuz me and centaur were having a little
you know father and son
we wanted to shoot a gun but we're not
going to shoot into the grass into the
ground tonight so we'll be safe okay
who's Moloch oh he's threatened enough I
better get out of here I better get out
of here
all right here we go okay son turn throw
me that red cup that's what that's what
our target is snack yeah throw it to me
throw it here's her target we have a red
cup on top of a box that goes into the
yard so if there's a missed bullet a ka
/ BB or pellet it'll go right into a
grass into a grass I'm too cold to talk
into third grass all right so this isn't
gonna be aiming at okay here we go okay
so we have Sun tarde with his safety
glasses on he has his BB gun his target
is down yonder now he has to push his VB
into the chamber go ahead and push that
into the chamber dude hey locked unload
okay now pump it you have to pump it to
get the the power behind the ball it
should be like a song pump pump pump
that pump up pump pump that pump it aim
downrange at our red cup get it your
shoulder get it your shoulder so what
does red mean son tard fire
no what is black mean we're on safety of
when you're ready to fire aim pull it up
to your shoulder look down the scope aim
it at the red cup and fire when you're
ready fire
did you hit it uh think so okay here let
me see your gun where I think I dead you
fired I heard you fired go check it
let's see if you hit the little see if
you hit your target there he goes off to
check his bullets get it look inside it
did you hit the box or the red cup or
anything did you hit it alright we'll
work on your accuracy accuracy I'm so
cold
accuracy all right guys come up here
yeah let's go come on set it up now
daddy tarts about to show you guys how
to fire the pellet oh yes ready baby
good baby talk she's covered mmm heard
it's not loud daddies are for reals
a better shooter all right here we go
I've been firing a BB gun since I was 10
years old I've shot I've shot rabbit
I've dropped cows birds done I did shoot
my brother in the head once don't do
that kids all right here we go all right
you guys see the red cup yep watch it
ready boom Shakalaka
bring it up here let's see the hole in
it
whoa yeah I still got my oldie Oh
apparently old age yeah I don't know -
Shaw McGraw or something like it look I
hit it you guys just so you know don't
mess with that eater because I cheat
you're right I see I see I see I see
daddy tard will shoot you're right in
the red cup if you have a red cup better
watch out all right move with the cover
on that again wall take turns k take it
down there go take it down
everybody can try okay guns are fun for
everybody
bring on the controversial comments ah
gun safety is paramount
