your marks get set go alright hey you
guys go down there and catch them okay
I'm gonna push centaur down there and
you guys catch him
okay run down there fast like bunnies
fast like bodies are you ready for this
dog you ready okay here we go I'm
launching him off in three seconds three
two one
Carly's style and mommy tarter gone and
we're just hanging out just me and the
kids okay baby tarted Cooper get in
Sontarans start go down there and catch
them okay let's just do these two first
Hey
are you guys ready yeah I said are you
guys ready I said are you guys ready are
you ready to rock and roll here we go
okay Center for this side you guys are
gonna go alright then okay you Cooper
and baby try to go down there and catch
these two okay
run down there fast like bunnies hop
like bunnies thanks he's ready here we
go are you ready are you ready are you
ready
here they come oh no pull you guys want
to see you guys can all fit at once
alright let's set the camera down here
and you guys see if you guys can all fit
at once all right here we'll set the
camera right here the camera Oh crazy
out of all the toys we got in Christmas
daddy's old office share is the most fun
okay one take Sunday we're playing in
the basement see you guys tomorrow
