hey guys Merry Christmas hope you guys
are having a great day I am exhausted
I've had like six hours of sleep the
last two days we've been having so much
fun
Casey and his kids and all of us
together I have a ton of footage I'm not
gonna upload it today because I'm gonna
spend time with the family so I'm just
gonna make this quick video but I'll let
you guys know there's a big video coming
tomorrow I got at least I have an hour
of footage I'll cut it down to maybe
like 45 minutes as I know a lot of you
were like you should do an hour long
Christmas episode it's gonna be the
Shaytards Christmas spectral travel
extravaganza that's not gonna be quite
an hour but it'll be a long video beat
along this video I've ever uploaded on
the Shaytards it's gonna take forever
and I don't want to you know take all
the time to edit and uploaded it today
so
Merry Christmas look what Mommy tart got
me a new chair for my office with memory
foam oh yeah I want to put my hands
where my butt goes that looks nice look
there's even a sheep on it come down say
Merry Christmas to the people he look
Purdy
tell what I got you I got her some uggs
hugs
those are hugs boots 14 sheep gave their
lives for those boots all the trimmings
and trappings of the holiday season were
are kind of cleaned up this was the big
present somebody guys were wondering I
bought my mom these three barstools
because she wanted some barstools for
her bar over there what else I told him
I thought I told him I showed him my but
it should be leaves in there yeah you
know what else we need to do okay so two
more things one check out my new station
video station two video today I just
uploaded it's pretty funny go on so put
my link in my pants and you guys we need
to announce the two winners of the flip
cameras okay are you guys ready the two
winners now this is oh man this is why I
hate doing giveaways I love giving you
guys stuff but I hate that
there's gonna be so many people
disappointed two people are gonna be
super stoked but there's me a lot of
people who are disappointed because they
didn't win and they really wanted to win
and that's why it's so hard and I'm just
gonna I'm thinking people at random but
I'm picking two people and all they
explain the reasons but listen if you
don't win this time
flip is sending me six more Ultra HD s
so there's still a you know six and
seven hundred and five thousand
opportunity that you could win so we're
gonna get six more cameras to give out
to you guys drum roll please what's your
name oh the Aussie tard one she's a girl
from Australia the only video she has on
her channel is of her doing a super note
for the Shaytards and she's from
Australia and she made me this sweet
emoticon the thing it's like all these
characters that look like me with the
shake Carl's like I have to shake Carl
hat with my beard and as his fgc I saw
that I thought it was really cool she
tagged me on Facebook and then of course
she you know favorited and she ft seed
the video like she was supposed to so
congratulations
the Aussie tard one you are getting a
Flip Ultra HD and you guys are gonna
hate me for the reason why I picked this
next one ROC tard I'm announcing some
winners over here can you quit smiling
for two second to let me vlog where's
your pants dude huh
your pants list okay so I thought this
was pretty I mean I know you guys are
gonna hate me eighty thousand comments
on the inappropriate magic so I am
giving the flip cam to the first
the very first commenter who was I rock
to do max was the very first commenter
and they of course FTC the video
congratulations
out of 80,000 comments I think it's
pretty cool to say that you were the
first comment on 80,000 comments and he
didn't even say first that's the cool
thing he said hi
in his first comment he didn't even say
first so that's good right
I didn't say first anyway so
congratulations to you too you guys win
I will email you on your youtubes where
you can email me and I'll get your
address and I'll sign those flips and
I'll send them to you but like I said if
you didn't win don't be disappointed
there's six more coming and if if these
keep going as good as they are
we might I was talking to somebody we
might be giving away like one a day for
a month maybe don't quote me on that
we'll see anyways you guys Merry
Christmas I'm gonna have a really huge I
imported the footage last night where is
it here's the footage from last night
and there's like 90 clips like 45
minutes worth of footage so it's gonna
be a lot of editing it's gonna take me
forever to upload but there's to be a
big Shaytards Christmas special tomorrow
I hope you guys got everything you want
for Christmas I had a ton of fun we the
kids had a blast they're in there
watching movies right now we're just
gonna hang out today and just be
together as a family so I love you guys
Merry Christmas and holidays Joel Joel
and walah good night
