you are now watching the Shaytards fall
just sit back relax blow
oh this is sick now to this guy cool the
internet killed television every time I
get sick I always do this um like I know
I'm gonna get sick okay I sneeze you
guys watching wings
nice butterfly what are those ladybug
wings you got on just getting their
daily dose of CTFxC on the new Google TV
Aria you guys are cute what are you rock
garden you look all you got you know
CTFxC action Oh Frances are what is that
in your head look at me on a seat quit
looking at Charles for two seconds that
is hilarious
all right we're just watching a little
Charles Trippy uh if you guys haven't
subscribers is that always oh I'm
hearing
oh it's mommy towards phone hello
my phone's upstairs sorry you pissed mom
don't be best what movie you know oh you
and Zhaan yeah I told you it was good
are we gonna go see True Grit tonight um
oh we gotta watch the Boise game tonight
we'll go see it tomorrow anyways I want
you guys to go see um I just hung up
honored enough in my mind oh that was
her she's in a car I'm back I totally
just hung up with my mom I was like I'm
vlogging I got it I gotta stop talking
to her go subscribe to Charles Trippy
and his daily vlog CTFxC I have been
friends with Charles longer than anybody
on the internet I have met he's the
first person I ever met off of the
Internet
he just did 600 consecutive abuse
she's calling back his booth this go
subscribe to trials okay hold on
sushi says hello
okay guys V okay here we go
is it the mako bowl the Mako Bowl in Las
Vegas the Boise State Broncos gets the
University of Utah gone
put it back run all the way back get in
a hole wet who's excited
whose XII game God yeah yeah open bacon
all right picture we're ready for some
football at the Shaytards dialogue and
we're ready for some football it's about
time that's all I have to say Oh for
your phone old your nipples like area
see you what if thrill gets hurt
dropping this told you yeah I'm
supportive
you're not helping out I'm holding look
I'm holding the small of his back
support it's like a we need yeah you
know get downstairs and help
oh no there we go good job Ricky what do
you want this well Connie I got it
downstairs
you get myself home buyers so what do
you want on my ID I want it I don't know
we got the code bases where should we
put it guys look at you I'm strong good
so good oh my gosh we got indistinct
nothing that's the thing is so heavy
deep know there's something it's like
300 and wire I don't think there's
something that honestly I'll be happy
there's shells there's some shells in
well
no there's no video yet zooks pardon my
lady job guys that's super heavy more
than you'd think
look at girls beer all the family's so
manly manliest care my house with a
manly beard all right what do we got
going on here what are you making you
make cookies what kind of cookies oh I
love your mommy's sugar cookies she
makes the best
what is that frosting yeah it's big
crusty what did you guys do these ones
we got candy canes and butterflies and
stars oh yeah I think your mom's an
angel look look you guys it's mommy tard
yeah I'm just showing look it's mommy
tart as an angel you're beautiful and
gorgeous
oh I chucked it sorry spacing shade oh
geez that one's mine I call serious in
the kitchen here rolling the bell baby
tard what is up with you you're psycho I
think even eaten even eaten the icing or
what you got a lot of sugar going on
okay go ahead be crazy
yeah do it sugar no Francis card crazy
dough baby turd you didn't get enough
sprinkles on that thing hon far side
enough sprinkles not yet you gonna put
some more on there let's see yours
Laurie oh nice
is that an angel one huh me baby tart
has some sprinkles
she's going for the record sprinkle Oh
what oh it's and sprinkles good was
there Sophie dropped on from those are
mine boho lose them forget them cuz I'm
gonna eat them we're having a tug-of-war
he's like a puppet I've got no strings
to hold me down to me Oh let go daddy
distracted him Rock turn here grab it
grab it
you got it hold on tight I had strings
but now I'm free there are no strings on
me never man on in Ohio the tape apres
ho ho dang it what are you doing little
dude you want see the zoo do bad watch
this ready
oh that lets get you can get you
I like garbage cans better get it get it
get that Zhu Zhu Pet grab him grab him
I'll help you
there you go get him oh yeah get it now
bite it put in your mouth and eat it no
no no no are we gonna go to chop go
okay you wanna kids are in bed should we
go what do we have to get I have to get
a new HDMI cable HDMI cable and I bought
for this TV doesn't work so I sold the
cords program Carly's TV and how it kind
of works but they cords really crappy so
I have to go get a new HDMI cable isn't
that kind of random for an HDMI cable
just to not work like I try hoped it up
and I might Evie wasn't working at all
so then I went installed Carly's cables
which
stole sorry which are this these ones
they're kind of crappy so like the
picture isn't very good on my Google TV
but this it's a GE HDMI cable and it
just like won't work if I plug this in I
can't get any TV on it so I have to go
by anyone maybe it's a dud I've never
heard of an HDMI cable done done okay
we're gonna go let's go the skin late
it's 10 o'clock at night we're going to
shop Co at 10 o'clock at night can you
believe it what is the world coming into
10 o'clock Shopko experience
what's it drive all the way over there
if they're not once you get on Google
and find out nice shirt would you stop
you're fine it is yeah what is it
what if I get shortly hey appropriate
okay let's go
go check we're going we're gonna shop go
buy say it is snowing it's the middle
well the end of December and you're
wearing shorts and flip-flops you're a
weirdo rocked her he loves it he's
getting snowed on come on Jim
there's good noodle he does he's just
like his dad you're doing rock art the
same I need to take him out of his seat
for this to work hold on
let's do rock dirt not working
hey get it oh sorry
my name's rocked our children right
there for your amusement that's the only
reason you gave them for your amusement
look at your diaper
look what your daughter oh look at the
lion there's no boys my tiger
this little boys my tiger prestige is my
tiger he's what doesn't he see look at
the girl duties you got a lion on your
feet you're the king of the jungle
you're the king of your crib
you're the king of the crib look it's
his first time honey look he's riding
for his first time in a car I ever put
him in like that first time he's getting
to be such a big boy like it's to write
his own cart it's the ride his own cart
you see use her I'm gonna push him too
you ready this first solo mission rock
hard
are you ready dude hey pay attention is
your first solo mission okay here we go
and he's off to the races
it's first driving of us so Amish that
was actually a second huh right I pushed
him once already it's such a big boy
getting out of mom and dad all by
yourself who's do oh god we did awesome
seafood so the Boise State Broncos won
tonight it was not a very good game
there was a lot of turnovers a lot of
missed passes Kyle brats Minh missed a
pass to him on a fake punt hit him right
in the numbers come on I got brought
back it was good they Boise Boise won
and I was excited to setting him an hour
at Shopko and it is snowing just in time
for Christmas UNC have you ever looked
up all that's so cool
you ever look up in the sky and you just
watch you watch individual snowflakes
come down and you just like here's what
we used to do as kids when it was
snowing really big shot up doing them
vlog
over here frickin a man you try to find
a snowflake that's like way way up in
the air like 30 feet up in the air and
then you follow it down and you get all
my head I'm gonna punch you right in the
neck you follow it down and you can't
lose sight of it and you ever try to
catch it in your mouth so you like look
way up in the air you pick one out
okay I'm gonna look up and I'm gonna
pick one out okay okay I see one and
then you have to try to catch it in your
mouth so you see it's a game it's a fun
snow game anyways we're waiting for
mommy turn I don't where she's at she's
in the store I got the stuff and rock
tart is here getting snowed on hey
catching snowflakes in your mouth you
can't just no flake thing about a little
buddy I love you ow
run yeah I just told them we just did a
game where you have to try to catch one
here watch you do it okay look up in the
air you have to try to find a snowflake
that's like 30 feet up in the air and
don't lose it you have to follow it down
don't lose it on all the other
snowflakes and you have to follow it
down and catch it in your mouth
okay ready so pick one out you have to
follow it down what's the matter
you're a bad snowflake catcher and you
have to catch one listen to this because
of this ago Oh hear the echo yeah mr.
truck over there go oh it is 11 that is
11:30 at night and we're out screaming
in the shop Co parking lot o
neighborhoods around go oh so pretty
