you are now watching the Shaytards for
justice back for you next fall
because
all righty then who wants a flip video
recorder camera setup device system I
really wish I had seven hundred and four
thousand to give one to every one of you
but alas I really have to - I can't
figure just - so let's say you had two
hundred that's a quote from Willy Wonka
if you know you're awesome yeah okay so
here's how you have to qualify to win a
Flip Ultra HD you have to FTC this video
you ever heard of the Federal Trade
Commission the FTC well now I'm starting
a new one the favorite thumbs up and
comment commission it's the new FTC
Commission out there it's gonna be
bigger than the Federal Trade Commission
you all know in one of these favorite
this video thumbs up this video and
comment this video that's not my rule
that's flip they said that they said
that you guys have to do that so I said
that almost 700 videos almost 250
million shaped our video views I have
used this camera through thick and thin
I've tried a few different other cameras
I've tried a couple other things I've
always come back to this camera this
camera right here this is the camera
that I use for the entire first year of
my videos great thing about these
cameras is that they have a rechargeable
battery so almost every time what I do
is I import the footage from the vlog
before and it's charging as its
importing the footage so here's the new
one yeah they have this flip battery in
them that literally every time you plug
it in to import the footage its charging
as you're plugging it in so it's super
convenient you don't have to replace the
batteries all the time you either can
use the Flip rechargeable battery or put
two doublea's in there actually looks
like this one is triple A's so you can
switch it you can use three triple A's
or you can just use their chargeable
rechargeable battery that they already
have in it there's the difference
between the old Ultra HD and the new one
you can see that it's a lot thinner the
width of it is thinner and they look
pretty much the same I love this matte
black look the reason I love this camera
so much is because it doesn't look like
a camera this could be a cell phone a
lot of you why you would go into movies
good
how'd you get your camera in movies you
I thought you'd get kicked out if you
take your camera places this looks like
a telephone this could easily be a phone
and there's a feature on the flip that
if you don't want the red light on on
the front you know most cameras if you
turn it on and I've already actually
turned it off because every program this
one this one is recording right now
whenever you have a camera with the red
light people freaked out that's what I
love it's such a simple weird feature
and you can see the red numbers are
going so you know you're recording and
it has this pretty big screen it's like
a two inch screen that you can see
through so that's one thing I love
because I'm always out in public doing
my vlogs is that there's no red light if
something I never would have thought of
but I'm so glad that they have it
because if I was out in public going
like this there's a red light on this
thing people think of red light means
action it's like oh crap the red lights
on you know what's running there's no
red light on this thing you can turn it
on if you want it you can have it on
some people like economics they know
when it's recording I like to have it
off because I don't want people to know
when I'm recording and stuff it's so
small you can flip it right in your
pocket all you do you flip that little
baby out that's the USB that plugs right
into your computer device like that
you're importing your footage and
charging the camera at the exact same
time I love it it's it kind of reminds
me of like a switchblade it's like hey
that's not a knife that's a knife it's
like you flip up the knife you know I
thought that was kind of fine when it
first got I was like hey what's up the
new Flip Ultra HD s have image
stabilization which is really nice
because you know when you zoom up close
and it's kind of like a little bit bumpy
it has image stabilization so it's not
as bumpy but this camera it's like it's
an extension of my hand literally this
thing has become let me look at it it's
like I'm like the gunslinger of the West
I'll be uncle Barry I'm wrong in here
I've gotten so used to this thing it's
like I like I said I've gone to other
cameras the power button it's like right
there it's so easy to turn on on boom
record I'm vlogging what's going on
world and then you know you turn it off
and turn the record off and then you hit
that and it's off it's simple that's a
main proponent of vlogging is you're
gonna be able to get your camera out
turn it on and be recording fast that's
another reason why I love it okay so
that's why I use Flip Ultra HD you're
the real ones not in this box feels like
don't go
so I would say the biggest best thing I
can say about this camera is after 700
videos I'm still using it that is my
review of the Flip Ultra HD if you want
one FTC favorite thumbs up and comment
I'm just gonna pick somebody at random
and I will sign it and send it to you
myself two lucky people are gonna get
those cameras okie dokie okie dokie
alright I got three hoodlums here in my
office
honey come watch Logan's inappropriate
card trick come watch come watch it okay
what's it called have to be the dummy
thing cuz you're okay okay show the show
the cards normal deck of cards okay stop
the pile you want to stop take the top
part and don't show anybody look up for
me
show the camera everybody
that was inappropriate alright the
Shaytards are going shopping the
Shaytards are going shopping
shoot the Shaytards going shopping
shucks say that five times fast shoot
shucks the shakers are going shopping so
while I'm out of my ding dong what don't
say a naughty all right Oh looking for
the best spot in the lot and we're doing
some Christmas shopping we haven't
bought presents for like my brother my
mom and my dad I know that's the thing
about the kids the kids don't usually
watch our vlogs
that's why we've bought presents for
them on the vlogs and people like what
if the kids see this well the kids
aren't on the computer that often yeah
they're never on the computer
my parents they watch the vlogs hi mom
I know you're watching this right now I
love you providing your present right
now you actually already actually
smelled you coming from the backseat how
much cooler let me spray as a clone did
you put on that's three three too many
in my opinion smell good smell like I
mean I don't anyways mom we already
bought you one of the presents and I'm
actually excited it's a present did you
ever buy a present for somebody that you
didn't think of in also in last minute
you like see it at the store do you like
that would be a perfect prison hey look
it's my dad : let's let's say hi hi dad
we were at the mall but then we decided
to leave because we realized that that
white trash people hang out there we
don't have rock-hard stroller so we
don't want to walk through there so
we're over at Walmart now princess card
has a very lovely accessory today with
her beautiful Barbie outfit with boots
let's see that accessory oh it's a
Christmas tree of your head what is that
for the Bluetooth is that a Christmas
tree tooth do this holiday season want
to talk on the phone 24/7 but don't want
to use those annoying things called
hands we'll get the new Christmas tree
tooth it straps to the side of your head
it's offensive and it works on 3G signal
there's no buttons you just tell what to
do that reminds me of Android choices
dog davonne so fancy
start a new trend you should lady Lady
Gaga Lady Mama Center can you go tackle
her for me
go tackler get her change in color she's
a bride Oh get her get her
what's that yep locked are you making a
phone call
till you : I'm calling Santa Claus rock
cards calling Santa Claus apprentice
card Christmas tree tooth for Bluetooth
that's a Christmas tree cell phone that
has no buttons dude yo Canada
smile underneath the Christmas tree baby
turn this way this is a device because
baby charred smoke too much that her
layer next went out and she has to use
this to talk you don't have my name is
baby guard I spoke to many camera lights
I have to have this on my neck now don't
communicate with my family
Hey look the Flip Ultra HD the camera of
the Shaytards where you guys going huh
does it work you pushed all the gas what
you want to climb up there probably not
the best idea
hey where he's going this is kind of
cool
Oh duper's pull it out sundered
does it work the batteries are probably
dead on it that's what I remember about
these things I did - I thought that was
the coolest thing ever and my cousin got
one never worked because the batteries
were always dead on it so every time I
see it now Mike those never work
I just did something really and creepy
was checking out we were checking out
getting mommy care about some tape and
batteries and stuff I saw one of my good
friends they was friends with in high
school and still friends with and so I
took a picture of him when he was
bagging his groceries serious bagginess
gross and I send him a text that said
with that picture saying I'm always
watching and then he just texted me he's
like where the heck are you at this high
student having a meeting does he wanna
be on camera
hi I don't know maybe he'll come and
stab me now with a knife anyways and I
was telling my friend I would've been a
way more funny if it was from a number
that he didn't recognize cuz he knew it
was my cell phone but that would not be
crazy because I've always imagined if I
got a text message from of a picture of
me from like a different angle like if I
was at some place and somebody like saw
me and took a picture of me from like
behind or something and then sent me a
text said I follow but you didn't
recognize a cell phone number that would
be super creepy so that's kind of what I
was doing but it was kind of didn't work
he said what the heck where are you at
yeah I told him I should have sent it
from your number he doesn't have your
number programmed in his bone three and
then he wouldn't have known the number
and that have been truly freaky Otis
that I'm following you home very tired
baby turns seeing that song again that
Tara
baby don't sing it like you work come on
quit messing around what is it
something on the bleachers that is not
what you're singing you're psycho now
she was singing Taylor they're going
crazy together finally got psycho
honey have you seen the girls there in
this cart now they're gone where did
they go they're my little Christmas
elves come out Christmas elves
oh there's one the little Christmas
elves what are you doing in a box you
guys jack-in-the-boxes oh that's a steal
I want one of each having fun what what
are you gonna do oh is that was that a
magic trick / dance move what am i
watching the thing what is that what is
it oh it's your ring okay I can't see it
on camera it's too small why don't you
just do it I'll get old-fashioned dance
move well you dropped it oh we almost
had it
you promised listen if you don't get it
I get to punch you in the shoulder three
times hard okay you promise if you don't
catch it I need to punch you three times
in the shoulder hard
I'm not joking here we go that's it they
say three or seven my treatment isn't
working it's like no yeah I know I mean
Brenda's tired mom's on your phone she's
making a phone call
it's long distance to your bills gonna
be skyrocketing through the roof
like maybe for lucky I was here for like
giving her life I can use her minutes
she asked me for life you guys quiet
quiet we have to charge what's this
whoops I tripped that would have broke
open all over you your tree tooth is
charging Brent to start yeah I gotta get
up to three wreaths full 3G service baby
we're charging that baby up we're
waiting for the new version the 4G the
Ford yes the 2.0 is gonna come out next
year with updated technology whatever
yes ladies and gentlemen the Betty who
smiles on command I am seriously gonna
fight it off we're gonna throw you in
wheezy waiters crocodile pit and the
crocodiles gonna fight it out my friend
I have a friend in wheezywaiter he has a
crocodile bite your thumb off all right
I saw this stuff in the drugstore and it
said thumb it's like th um and it's the
stuff that get your kids to stop sucking
their thumb it's like fingernail polish
and I bought it and then I was reading
the direct or the instrument would that
mean you guys we were gonna actually
we're gonna do it we had it in LA do we
still have it we had it in LA and I was
like I don't wish to do that that's
we're gonna get a lot of negative
comments and
what do you think should we try it she
just let baby turn keep sucking her
thumb or should we put some of that
stuff but you put it on their thumb it's
not harmful like it's safe well at least
it says it is on things it's non-toxic
and whatever and it basically just makes
your thumb taste like crap
cayenne pepper just like really sour so
they stop sucking there's that what do
you think we try it to leave it in the
comments below if you think it would be
brutally mean or if we should get her to
stop some baby tard what do you think
should we put it on your thumb says no
you want to put some fingernail polish
on your thumb I don't think you know
what you just agreed to
