you are now watching the Shaytards watch
yes because keeper
hey guys so we made it back home I'm
home here with Gus Gus was sad cuz daddy
was gone for such a long time it's okay
Gus if you're not subscribed to my
iPhone channel we've named this one
affectionately Gus and I've said that I
want to eventually give them all names
I'm not sure up to you know fill out
their personalities but this one is Gus
if you guys don't watch my iPhone
channel and you don't have to but you
can subscribe to it links in my path
check it out
you guys like it new shaycarl had just
got it let me show you the back there it
is
boom Shakalaka I like it I like the UM
they're they're called they're this Auto
flex it's it's a really heavy-duty hat
like the material feels like thick and I
like the feel of it I just I always feel
lame wearing a hat with my name on it I
would like I just bought a nice Peter
shirt off of district lines because I
thought I would love to have a nice
peter shirt but when you wear something
that has your own name on it it just
just seems anyways so maybe I'm gonna
get one without the shaycarl on the back
with just the SC because I like the feel
of these hats and they also have them in
white the white se um they're fitted and
then you can get I got I think there's
different sizes this is a large extra
large because I have a freaking fat head
there's also hoodies zip up coats and
stickers they're freaking like putting a
ton of stuff out there so check it out
at district lines comm /a - car lick my
pants so today's vlog is basically um
just a few bits and pieces that I had
from the camera after that freaking
Fiasco of trying to fly home I was so
exhausted we got from the last vlog you
guys saw we got to the airport at 3 in
the morning the next day everybody we
all didn't wake up to like 11:30 we
almost slept in till noon even the kids
it was crazy and then we did some
swimming in the pool then we drove to my
grandma's house and then she drugged me
up and I was passed out the rest of the
day so to my grandma's fault that it's
not a long vlog because she was trying
to dope me up she's trying to dope me up
and
and I don't know so here's the vlog for
today and then tomorrow we will be back
on track
cuz we're back from LA oh oh oh I'm
gonna give you a flip camera I got two
flips I did find out I finally talked to
him I am gonna do a product review on
these flips I not in this video well
okay I'll do one right now
they're sweet I use them all the time
and then you guys are gonna get two
flips each all seven hundred and three
thousand of you that's only gonna be 150
thousand cameras to give out no big deal
I could be sued for saying that no I'm
just kidding I have these two flips I'm
gonna give out and tomorrow I'm pretty
sure it's gonna be in tomorrow's vlog
I'll explain how you could possibly get
one of these Flip Ultra HD cameras for
yourself hopefully you can get it before
Christmas I'll try to send it out but
you know we're pretty close for like
five days away so well nevermind you're
not gonna get it for Christmas that's
ridiculous
okay so we'll be back on track tomorrow
uh here's the vlog and like I said it
kind of doesn't make sense there's one
clip in there when we're in Marina del
Rey and Princess hard was right in the
sand it just okay just watch it bye love
you bye now I know my ABC's next time
won't you sing with me
oh that was beautiful Prince to start
she just wanted to write her initials in
the sand here we are at Marina del Rey
hey Sun tarde just get back from a swim
oh what'd you do last you crossed out
the alphabet no Prince is hard the
language of English must continue on now
is just scratches in the sand what does
that even say cebu british that's too
tough to read I can't read that I'm not
gonna understand those conjugative
okay but I'm going in the water
alright hey what's going on
thanks country and in sweets
we really had a great time sleeping in
your hotel we even swam in your pool but
we didn't pee in it I don't think I did
at least that's my tough day money pee
in the pool better not have all right
guys get in your seat what's going
what's that what's that
oh so we put a presence in here for you
guys isn't that nice of him - no what
you get let's open them whose is whose
pretty sharp oh cool
alright let's open them up let's see
what you got baby thar would you get to
get a cool prize a toy from Santa Claus
hey what about me
where's my toy let's see what is it I do
who what Zhu Zhu Pet would you get sun
tarde nice whoa cool truck bro tuff
would you get Prince tard
are you nervous excited
hurry open it let's see it you want to
save it okay she wants to save hers she
doesn't she likes the surprise the
suspense of having an unopened do you
like it baby tar princess cards decided
to finally open hers after holding the
present long enough which get a purple
Zhu Zhu Pet one of those things do they
do you talk and raise the talk are they
like a tamagotchi make funny noises come
on baby tarts ripping hers open do I
know hey guys I'm at my grandma's house
she gave me some drugs she gave me some
benadryl now so grandma has a cat and
I'm allergic to cats but I'm like oh
it's a kitty I'm gonna touch his face so
he's petting the cat I'm so stupid
pet the cat I start itching my eyes and
it's like
cuz then it's like I have something to
my eyes but I don't and it's like a film
I think my eyes like creates this film
and then it's like stuck in my eye and I
can't get it out then you're rubbing it
so then grandma's like here take one of
these Ben drills that's how she talks
like me and I took two of them and now
I'm just like yeah but her grandma's
house Sun tarde got a nice present got
some candy from Grandma from the
Christmas party last night and we were
just sitting here chatting chatting
about the weather she got two of these
boxes for Christmas and rock cards
loving it he keeps biting grandma's
finger
