put some energy to chases of all James I
doesn't mind too much I mean like not
too terribly much me kind of minds I
think but you know it's not the worst
thing in the world
it's my toenail fell off it looks so
funny how did I see it I've jammed it
skiing no it doesn't hurt just look I
feel like I'm like regenerating a limb
or something you know like on spider-man
give you a first up put out into what
it's not sauce everything if you have an
earache or like I intentionally morning
everybody
hey are you YouTube kid or what let's
see that backpack well let's see those
socks
moosh walks Shaytards shirt with her
name on it move your hair and a shaycarl
backpack you are a YouTube kid got moose
walks again those are old decay socks
check them out now on the line available
we also sell those in the trixin store
in Utah that's where you got him you got
about the tricks in store you rock
thanks for repping the biz bro do you
guys like a zoom otherwise oom get out
of here get out of here whoa good too
close
look what I'm wearing let's show the
back of my shirt we sure do
you're so strong it's 6:30 a.m. early
all right it's Friday TGIF
you guys excited I'm excited cuz guess
what we get to sleep in tomorrow okay
ten minutes of soccer looks like the
queen of the castle is coming down to
grace us with her presence what lucky
subjects we are but glow are we doing
boys versus girls
okay hey how about this Colette you come
on our team
yep it's me Mom and Emmy stand you guys
Rock Butler scores the ball
next gold
everybody we're going to school see you
later
oh yeah I'm definitely glad I'm not in
school anymore
that's tough sighs I just can't go to
school it's good for you know maybe not
cool well Brock Brock and James have a
scooter technique that Brock wants to
show us all right let's check this out
James I think doesn't mind too much I
mean like not too terribly much me kind
of minds I think but you know it's not
the worst thing in the world James he's
a good kitty huh Brock all right James
and Brock the scooter duo oh my gosh
that's hilarious well give him a big hug
tell him you love him
Sam that'd be James E good boy put him
down
hoop ed and now scratch his back once
you scratch his back yeah he likes that
James and Brock you guys has Gavin
taller than Club yeah you stand up
straight young lady
turn back to back
oh it's getting close by the end of this
summer gonna happen you're gonna be
taller than your mom hey babe what do we
start in a pineapple farm around here
what's going on nice Brock we're gonna
start a garden this summer kay all right
go start planting them
geez that guy does not waste any minutes
he's just cool hey guys where some of
the mom's view and I have a blinking
battery and I do have another battery
well good thing we all have seen camera
and torture cause I got a charger I
don't even have my hammer I'm using my
phone today
oh you know what that works we're
capturing it somehow capturing it in
here yeah I love your flowers those
really are real yeah tulips they didn't
look real I thought this was like fake
yeah you're good yeah I like having
fresh that wait I don't have anything
fresh in my eyes yeah hi fresh diapers
oh yeah beets and that's really we have
been getting a lot of friends and look
at the beam I'm so proud of you for
eating beets I like pickled beets or you
know Nicorette is healthy because they
have a lot of salt they're good though
eats in my smoothies I'm like the ladies
like dirt yeah but I really like the
taste I love like fresh garden dirt
taste
yeah like Brussels or not Brussels or
those things with the sandwiches sprouts
yeah like alfalfa sprout dessert I love
them
he's like straight up yesterday I'll a
dirt oh hey look at our toes are like
Cadbury egg oh you guys are awesome I'm
not even gonna show you my toes okay you
know what I'm gonna show you guys just
to prove
did this happen look oh you see that
it's my toenail fell off it looks so
funny honey I see it I've jammed it
skiing and then it just okay it took
like 2 months it took before I fell off
like it had to take time to die no it
doesn't hurt just looks like you can do
I feel like I'm like regenerating a limb
or something you know like on spider-man
give you of course melt put out a - what
it's not sauce everything or like I
intentionally okay this has to be a
whole episode the breast milk heals
everything
did you try it out for okay we're gonna
okay we should do the breast milk
challenge opiate Owens right here we got
to take each other's breast milk to try
it but I'm doing it together when I
first had Winston they both wanted to
know what it tastes like and they're
daring I think it kind of tastes like
cantaloupe juice I think I know keeps me
sober so it's really standard to that
it's good you wait they're gonna have it
and some like la juice bar that smell
sweet it was Arizona seemed to be back
corn popping on the apricot tree from
the top Sam Baily what did I see not me
not me itself rise
that is exactly what a tree looks like
you guys are so cute out the window and
what did I see let me tell you there's
two of them two ducks
dude we got two ducks on our pond add it
to the list of animals four cows three
dogs six cats and two ducks
two ducks Tom and Jeff as we're calling
them Tom and Jeff the mallard and the
not Mallard back-pay mean Dave hey guys
I'm so tired
out of the
you're a regular guy but you try
to be someday
Oh shame
