you are now watching the shape
today is the day for the project for
awesome headed down to do a run-through
because I'm hosting part of the project
for awesome and if you're watching this
video right now Saturday it's on watch
we are here at LA live in the parking
garage in the parking garage and I'm
here with my chauffeur he just told you
what his name was he's the will of DC
and we're going up to the rehearsal for
tomorrow's show what oh yeah I think you
should totally read it yeah you're too
close he just gave me a lot of room on
this side cuz I'm fat huh I knew it here
whoo what are you doing baby tired sorry
she can hear you love those look a
princess chart busting a move
oh she's dancing got her dancing shoes
on they've dried you want to hear -
there you go all right now the three
kids are hooked up what do we get
would we get baby tard got the best spot
okay get in check it out we're at
forever 21 at the Culver City Mall and
there is traffic everywhere we got the
very first parking spot right across
from the store job mommy tard zenit best
spot in the lot he sing it
you did way good this is crazy what are
you doing was the ski key oh so fancy
look at that fancy walk oh nice move
look at baby tard next on the catwalk
her name is baby chard loo she's
modeling the white shirt and pink pants
for us a first-time model oh and a rat
son tired a hairy just down the alleyway
alrighty there yeah yeah yeah I don't
like the jug like listen it's obnoxious
sorry introducing the Shaytards
son tired baby tired princess yard oh
coming down yeah nice hair flip
I like the hair flip so what this place
called Tony piece Tony peas in Marina
del Rey and that we've actually been
here one time before check out this view
right out here
that's the marina or all the boats are
part yeah we were gonna go on a boat
this morning huh and we and it got
canceled cause of the rain what you get
Prince is tired let's see what you got
they got little gift baskets they give
these little bags all right what did you
get you got a Chinese handcuffs cool got
one down here she's stuck in the floor
with the start check it out you got one
right in the floor watch out hold on
wait for your sister Galloway you're
gonna stab her right between the eyes
watch out dude
look at that determination nice shot
all right baby tired let him fly nice
shot hundred points that's not where it
goes go it up here what I'm here hit it
up there he throw it up there screw that
screw back like this short like this
grab like that like a pencil no throw it
hard suck it throw it up there
bullseye hundred points is that a hat
you're where are you show your blanket
on your head you're so cute why are you
so cute
you like basically smiles on command
cutest baby ever ever ever forever ever
ever ever ever
okay bye guys I love you I can't be good
for your mom okay
promise say I promise father good you
guys be good for your mom cause she has
to drive in this LA traffic and it's
rainy now all right daddy's going to do
a live show for the internet on the
youtubes you guys excited for me what if
I mess up or you guys on the laugh of me
what if I say the wrong thing what if I
what if I said fart home in trouble Oh
raagh card so cue all right bye guys
love you bye going to the live show
right now we're here at la live in Los
Angeles and we're about to go do this
thing we're about to go do this project
for us we're about to get our dftba on
babies let's go is about to start we're
here with Michael Buckley talking about
what he's going to do I just stand and
hunt the words Shh I'm vlogging over
here his life out loud for you he's on
it for you that's my new intro no
swearing I think that there's the vlog
brothers on the couch looking nervous
getting some instructions from the
director oh there's the green screen you
excited I'm so I'm nervous all set
everybody outside a little bit nervous
there's Mike who are you oh and
here's all the camera crew it's gonna be
awesome
this is gonna be the project for awesome
my street Karl here with the project for
awesome we're standing here with will of
DC will is what the monies have donated
this year
and it's these amazing it's helping
charities all around it now you can't go
out there and do the work every day
because you're a father but there are
people out there that are helping all
the many people of the world and that's
what
the people helping you the people
helping any the people hotforwords
I love your videos on YouTube thank you
yeah this is my wife thank you DeStorm
and mystery guitar man are gonna be
opening the show with an original add a
storm rope they're getting ready again
I'm so awesome awesome
so we're here in the back room watching
the show
and that brings us to our current
situation that the project for awesome
is over it was a last I'm making this
video right now on Sunday and so this is
actually like up today the video you
just watched is like two days in one it
was as you can see just a whirlwind
event of events I don't even know if the
vlog makes sense it's just a bunch of
clips so here's what happened to us this
morning we got up bright and early at 7
a.m. going to the airport to leave on
our flight that we thought was at 9 a.m.
and we go to the counter and they're
like what are you doing here so early
we're like what do you mean we're like
an hour early we were 13 hours early
with the rain in LA and they had a
broken airplane and they said that the
flight was being pushed back to 9:30
tonight so now we had 13 hours to kill
before our airplane ride so he came to
the Holiday Inn Express right by the
California Los Angeles Airport and we're
just hanging out for 13 hours
you guys bored who's bored Rock chart is
not work yeah are you bored you're tired
you sad we didn't get to go on the
airplane this morning no yeah we're mad
because we missed our family Christmas
party huh kids are a little bit bummed
because my grandma was having their
annual Christmas party and we missed it
because it was today at 4:00 so we're
just sit here in this Holiday Inn we're
gonna be getting on a plane at 9 o'clock
and headed back to Idaho so thanks guys
for being patient cuz you know the
videos have been a little off because of
the project for awesome but if you watch
any of the videos from the project for
awesome which was so much fun and it was
just this new experience for everybody
it was really cool go to youtube.com
slash p4a and you can watch all the
clips from the show okey-dokey see you
tomorrow
say bye guys Phrixus are going to a bed
to bed jump just to close this off you
up can you do a bed to bed jump alright
I'm tired let's see it
I know last time for it to start trying
to do a bed to bed jump of this far
apart she hit herself hold on let's see
can you make it dude careful you really
would really get some air so I can make
that alright dude I'm ready come on
let's see it really building the
suspense really bad he's such a showman
he's such a show but I did go oh my
goodness gracious we have to recycle The
Wall of China first come on bro what's
your magic
oh nice job all right give me five sweet
sweetness well I'll try for the start
you want to start are you tired
say bye everybody I'm sure you can make
it let's see it go it is a pretty big
gap alright see you guys tomorrow bye
