you are now watching the Shaytards watch
they say
because
welcome to the 2010 project for awesome
my name is Shay Carl and here is my odd
wife Katie let Kenny let tell us what
are we gonna be doing this year for the
project for awesome I am so excited well
Christmas season yeah she's been wanting
to get toys basically Toys for Tots
right take some toys and we've done toys
oh you guys want to get some toys for
kids you just want to pick out some toys
you guys all get to pick out one toy
that we're gonna take to a fire
department and you guys the firefighters
are gonna give them to kids who don't
have toys for Christmas you want to get
a lot okay we're gonna give them to the
other kids okay all right I just want to
clear that up wait these are not for you
they're for other kids you ready son
tired okay come on let's go pick up some
sweet toys so the thing I love about
Toys for Tots is it simple it's so easy
just get toys or sports equipment you
don't have to wrap it you can take it to
a fire department that's what we're
gonna do we're gonna take it to a local
fire department here in Los Angeles and
you guys can donate to wherever I don't
know I'm sure you guys have a local
thing don't be lazy go hit some toys and
give it's Christmas I usually do
complain about buying crap even
worthless plastic things for kids but
it's the magic yeah I will give you that
there is nothing more fun and magical
and memorable than waking up on
Christmas morning and in the in the
midst of the Christmas spirit and the
lights they're shimmering off the tree a
shiny new bucket is there waiting for
you and maybe you don't want a bucket
but maybe some kids out there like
buckets don't hate on the bucket lovers
one thing that I really need to talk to
you guys about it's very very very
important before you ever donate any
toys for tots or any kids get any kind
of Christmas surprises there's one very
important thing you always need to
remember you must test out the toys
first
you ready ready ready you have to pick
something out that a little girl like
you would like being a little girl like
you would like that okay get it that's
the one you want to give away okay we're
gonna give that to a little girl just
like you okay baby card do you think
she'll like it
join look around some more okay
no absolutely not
is that what you're getting yeah do you
think a girl just like you would like
some of those all right are you gonna
get all those yeah okay we're really
we're really gonna spoil these kids get
more toys yeah cheaper toys more toys
poisoning they run up where they stay
all day in the Sun wanderin free wish I
could be part of that world
that Sun land they understand that you
don't reprimand your daughters bright
young women sick of swimmin ready to
stand and ready to know what the people
know okay precious art you pick one out
which one do you think that's the one
you want I'm gonna get that one for a
little girl do you think she'll like it
okay what's that you wanna get this
dress who you want to get it for want to
go for a little girl and I want one for
Christmas are you doing shopping for you
and the Toys for Tots you're gonna give
this to a little girl okay there you go
we're gonna take it to the fire
department give it to them kay I'm
hoping they're this excited when we get
to the fire department are you honey
like what we really have to give them
away is that something you think a
little boy your age would like huh so
what you're gonna do you're gonna give
us a little boy that way after you spit
on it
you growling at me he's ground like get
away from my toy it's mad toy all right
as long as you're testing it out we got
to give that to the charity they don't
mind if you give them guns and swords do
they you think that's against policy no
guns and ammunition and swords cuz we
got swords swords guns dirt bikes all
kinds of cool in times of danger he's so
pretty baby tart has her pretty dress
you're gonna give that to someone oh
they're gonna love that they're gonna
look so pretty what else you got what
else you got in there oh now mommy's
seven babies mommy seven babies are in
there all right and last but not least
there you go that looks just like you
is this you that looks like you that
your twin in there what's her name
Isabella
that's your twins very is your twin
Isabella Isabella and baby tired right
okay now we're here at the Culver City
Fire Department and I have my little
Santa Clauses come on little Santa's son
tart is looking like the cool Santa you
guys got your presents he's excited
gonna take them to the kids and they're
gonna have the best Christmas ever
does that make you guys feel good huh
doing nice things for other people
yeah come on here we are at the Culver
City Fire Department station one I hear
I hear siren in the background here it
is the spark of love toy drive this is
what we're doing bringing toys in for
the spark of love toy drive from ABC 7
and the southern california firefighters
did you ring the doorbell yes to ring
the doorbell to the firehouse no nervous
look this is a safe surrender site
that'll be careful rock card we might
leave you here brought toys right by the
tree what are you saying you guys want
to take them out of the bags and set
them out around the tree that way you
can see them better yeah there you go
whoa check out that a fire pole
that's for fat people how big that thing
is that's the fat firefighters set it
out nicely cool thank you you guys see
this you guys can pretend like you're
Santa Claus and set about really nicely
maybe trying to set your doll out where
do you want your doll baby card spent
garden setting it up just like that as I
look good here
I think Christmas card needs a slide
down this fire
she gets to the bottom check it out
here's a firetruck oh you guys got it
all set out look at that you guys that
is so sweet
that is nice some kids are gonna be
really happy guys oh cool what do you
say that's so nice thank you very much
they'll use them in two minutes they'll
be all over their foreheads thank you so
much okay we're done with our project
for awesome we took the toys down we had
a good time doing it and now we're gonna
treat ourselves to a little reward by
dipping our feet in the cold Pacific
Ocean via thunder I think it's a reward
what's your idea of a reward okay we'll
get chocolate later but for now me and
Sun tart are gonna run in the crispy
cool waters of the Marina del Rey Bay
okay you guys I almost forgot the most
important thing is Saturday December
18th this Saturday the live project for
awesome show is gonna be on the front
page of YouTube from 4:00 to 8:00
California time so be sure to tune in
because a lot of your favorite youtubers
are gonna be raffling off crazy things
that you guys can get what am I gonna be
raffling on raffling up it's gonna be
crazy it's gonna be disgusting and weird
it is gonna be a life-sized bust or like
portrait like that we have at the
station two girls who are professional
like makeup artist and props Park
Department people they're gonna make a
life-size thing of my face they're gonna
literally put a cast molding on my face
ahead and then my original beard tardes
that I grew out like huge I still have
those trimmings and they're gonna put
the beard on the life-size molding of my
face with a shaycarl hat and a shaycarl
shirt and we're gonna auction that off
wouldn't you want one of those in your
room wouldn't you want to wake up to me
in your room every single morning I know
I would right honey
okay so check it out at
projectforawesome.com leak is in my
pants you guys be sure to check out all
the videos today on the project for
awesome
it's exciting okay let's go in the water
wait wait I think what we need to do
before this video ends to end this video
we need something awesome so ladies and
gentlemen I bring you the Shaytards
running on the beach in slow motion
