you are now watching the Shaytards watch
they say
because
all right good morning another lovely
day in sunny Los Angeles California it
is overcast and cloudy 70 degrees today
my radio DJ voice coming up next we got
Rihanna Oh what's your name what name is
that her song alright dudes what are we
going where are we going right now we're
Prince's start a video we're going to a
video I hope it's a good one
correct centered you your semantics are
spot-on alright so a lot of you guys
have asked what you in California Shane
what are you into why do you ask
questions in slow motion it's super
weird basically the real answer is we're
here to work it's kind of a little
vacation because it's fun and we're
gonna you know do some fun things but a
lot of the reason we're here is to make
videos for the station and for our
channel on shaycarl and we're here also
for the project for awesome if you guys
don't know what that is you will
eventually
it's where the nerdfighters the vlog
brothers DTF be a don't forget to be
awesome it's done every year this is the
third third or fourth year they do it
every year on December 17th it's
basically a bunch of people make videos
for charity and everybody puts the same
thumbnail on the videos trying to take
over the homepage of YouTube for awesome
it's the project for awesome and they're
having a live show on Saturday that you
guys can actually watch on the front
page of YouTube and we're here to be in
that and kind of host that and and do
all that fun stuff so just stamps date
and we'll let you know what's happening
but right now we're on a shoot to do hey
it's kind of a random we're gonna see
how it turns out sign card can you tell
us what your line is for this video
shoot you have to remember because he
has a couple different lines actually
remember this one
okay I'll give you the action ready
cameras rolling and action
sounds like my ex-wife okay ready
cameras rolling and action I know you're
thinking what is this video could be
about you'll have to wait and see plus
right now we're as we're driving to the
shoot we're compressing the vlog so
we're like working our butts off so hard
oh so hard so much work they'd be tired
what are you doing to your brother
is he attacking your head is the attack
in your head that Lane provoked you from
the game station we're here shooting
mommy tired are you ready
get your lines down trees shirt Sun card
you ready
very fears you ready for your line
what's your line you over deliver it for
me
perfect we're this really nice house
this is a cherry wood cabinets really
nice cherry and this is called galaxy
black granite this is one of the most
dense Granite's that are because it's
black it's really heavy and it's really
dense excited we're here at the beach to
meet some friends while Shea does his
filming stuff it's filming some station
to videos so we're here to be some old
friends that we made while we lived here
we are so excited this the first time
we've been to the beach in a long time
so it is so pretty today we got
sunshine with a little bit of clown I
love it
the beach always has a very distinctive
smell for sure are they here okay
they're here we'll see the fat you're
gonna go down the hill let's say you
need some help
no it's like mom come on let's see if I
can do it are you ready sir you pushed
me that was actually pretty fun but I
think I have sand everywhere now
so the birds were trying to eat our
crackers that the kids have spilt so
they're chasing the blame they're not
afraid at all
are they stay away I'm gonna guide him
nervous she's like holding her stock of
treats and they're all over the place
just waiting for her to drop and they're
so low down on the boogie board let's
see it
that was pretty good I want you nice job
what do you want I am NOT giving you any
of this baby food right yeah tell him
he's so rude you're not getting any go
away and your friend - what they won't
give him I promise huh hoping he'd smile
right everybody didn't man look he's
already gotten in the water
hey that's pretty good
nice job hey boy that's it
oh gosh
Wow they did better the first time they
both stayed on all the way to the bottom
nice work guys nice work I don't know
this is gonna work that's so cute here
I'm giggling
oh oh oh allowed I didn't realize you
were there you were right on pitch the
Tara baby tired
Prentis tarde - that was sweet working
with you just then I love doing duets
let's do some more songs together
sometime you want to buddy well we were
out we were up in the hotel room and
they were singing the song together
which they loved to sing this song and
baby tarts sing that part and then
princess heart says no it goes like this
I don't need them babies are either sing
it right or don't sing it at all and
they got me sister weird the reason this
whole little Fiasco began is because me
okay so I mommy tired just picked me up
from the office from the station and we
were talking babies aren't enough with
fire work for a minute you can't stop
the cable you just can't
anyways so me and mommy Terry we're
talking like how was your day how is the
shoe it's like good what you guys do all
your to the beach or your house some old
friends oh cool so wheeler like we were
having an adult talk well we're like
okay well how's your day how was your
day and and firework by Katy Perry was
on but it's on really low and pizza
starts like I'm like princess art hold
on me and mommy are talking for a second
and then like me and mommy like so for
like 45 seconds she's totally quiet and
we're just talking like how was your day
blah blah blah and then finally we
stopped for like two seconds like stop
talking and princess circles she's
trying to be really foolish she's like
the only one here it's just like I can
tell in her mind she's practicing shut
up and the second that we stop talking
she's like it made me like flashback
just when she said that to my parents
like growing up and like me and my
brother being in the back of the in the
car whatever and we hear a song we love
we're like do it with his song and mom
and dad are talking I'm like mom shut up
over this
and like not even listen to anything
they're talking about anyways just I'm
just relating to my children good job
all right where we going now sandy let's
see whatever Ben's been just taught baby
tart
an evil evil look your brother is an
evil evil person baby tired let's see
the look give them the look baby tarts
bastard it's all beds baby garden stand
up on the chair that's so classic we
should like do a voiceover stand up oh
I'm gonna get you oh great now there's a
walk to go with it gosh she's a
corporator to walk now give the lunch
baby tart the girl of many faces oh the
girl of the angry fire face upon la
scardino's baby tarde just farted
Oh who is it it's Katsuji showed up at
the party we're just talking about how
funny it would be if baby turned out to
be like the most villainous like brat
ever she start out like so a precious
anyways it was hilarious yeah I should
have mustache like respect dude bad
respect you have to try will that's the
advantage by any contract baby tarts
gonna sing anyways baby are you gonna
sing Katy Perry firework
and we got a great day over Katy Perry
but
like a plastic bag
you ever feel paper
ignite fly we don't know the words at
all
