you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back for you next fall
because
is it red yeah it is 7:15 in the morning
where we at guys well we're not at
school yet we're at their bus stop have
you time to drop them off at their bus
stop what you want to take it to school
you kidding me you'd get you'd get a
major discipline I bet better not do
that that would piss the teachers off I
bet if you're dancing for the camera all
day long instead of doing your
arithmetic we even got Malachi tarde
here you can see him he's still black he
can't seem in the darkness my bookie I
want to go to the school daddy oh no go
for a ride hey guys today's your last
day before we go to California you
excited yes do you have your notes you
have your notes in your bags yes hey be
sure to give them to your teacher you
tell her that we're not going to be
there
princess card wants to get to the bus
stop because she wants to be first she
won't erase the kids to the bus stop so
tomorrow we're going to California he's
pumped excited Artie
what do you did over there first some
other kids just showed up dude it's cool
you have to be first every day you want
me to drive you to school so you beat
them really no you ate for the bus he
doesn't need to ride the bus it's good
for you
it's good to have to deal with the
bullies you guys have any bullies on
your bus to beat you up
yeah are you the bully Prince of start
you probably are the bully aren't ya Oh
tough dude on the bus nobody messes with
sun card teachers the bully yeah all
right you guys have a good day at school
okay love you bye
so what it's 35 degrees out and overcast
and it might be snow in any minute I
don't care I'm going for a motorcycle
ride
I need a pump a little more testosterone
into this beard of note I'm saying and
this is just the key to do it
you ready Kawasaki KLR 650 mmhmm yes I
am daddy that's gold
hey guys what's going on it's kind of
hard to look cool when your helmet is
squishing your fat face it's like I'm
being burdened it's a boy with the beard
my cheeks are so chubby in this stupid
helmet anyways I'm being safe I just had
a meeting with a person of some very
serious business very serious business
we talked about my taxes this year okay
we're going home to mommy charge here we
go hey hey guys look look what we got we
got a hot brunette is that great just
gotten here from FedEx oh wow I think
what do you I think we need to add porno
music right now this is so sexy Wow Wow
we got a Google TV it's the sony
internet TV and i just posted a picture
of it on dailybooth
and a lot of people are like do or
review on a do a review on it listen
I'll tell you right now I haven't even
taken it out into the box I guarantee
you it's amazing just the concept is
that the keyboard where's the keyword Oh
anyways you can you it's it's it's the
filter people this is the wave of the
future
TV and Internet on one screen but no I
was called your mom mommies are the same
thing have you guys ever done that you
ever called your teacher mom Scott kid
Martin was talking about that on Twitter
the other day he ever liked the printer
I used to I remember wasn't that like we
first got married and like I would be
like yelling look he's like I wanted
something and I'd be like mom and I'd be
like honey she's like what did you just
call me because when you're growing up
you're used to like if you're like
looking for your socks or something you
always like mom where's my backpack
where's my socks so we got married
whenever I'd ask her things like we very
first got married I'd be like mom and
she like don't call me Mom anyway so a
set up the Stevie okay you ready take it
out okay take it out I'll film you come
on I'll be a wuss you can do it
okay just kidding don't break Sony this
is the way of the future people I'm
telling you this is gonna change
everything I'm feeling a promontory I
feel like a premonition coming on this
is like this is like when the TV was
first invented the the combination of
internet and TV in one internet TV I'm
telling you now ten years from now
everybody will have a TV just like this
where it's all in one place internet TV
movies look there's the cursor whoa a
mesmerised the one-eyed monster sucking
me in i dead welcome so polite that's
what I love about internet TVs they're
so quiet parrying the keypad look this
is it's literally just like you know I
can compare a keypad but it's small it's
not that big check it out look see it's
not even bigger than my head this is a
small little device oh are you excited
okay check it out connect to the
internet yes I think I will so then I go
here and I just push my finger and it
like senses see the mouse see it moves
as I move my finger on this and it goes
up and down so I'm gonna go over and
choose my favorite wireless network
billing target okay I can't lie I'm a
little overwhelmed right now
he's so I'm a little overwhelmed it's
like there's too many screens in it it's
ridiculous it look look at this this is
crazy
two years ago three years ago you know
what I did I carried heavy stone connect
to wireless network
this is amazing this is the wave of the
future I tell you it's like it's damn
money what's a downloading system
updated you know internet TV seamlessly
brings together the internet and your TV
you can access all your favorite content
press the TV kit anytime on your remote
for one-click access to your TV service
I'm watching I'm watching America's
choppers you know watching senior Paul
senior verse Paul title I'm watching
Dancing with the Stars and I'm like oh
this is great commercial let's check the
email click oh looks like I just got a
new email from James Blunt he wants once
they beat our earnest third CD ok enter
let's go back to dancing with the with
fat people oh I love dancing with fatty
what's the new show coming out on ABC
watchword sorry oh I want to tweet how
much I love this show
click over back to the Internet I love
dancing with fat people I'm glad I'm not
fat anymore because in the future I'm
not going he's happy I'm glad I'm not
fat anymore playing on a show
enter tweet back to dancing with sad
people oh I wonder I wonder what's going
on with hot chicks
Google's hot chicks like walks in what
no I know it's all right here people
it's all red states almost scary it's
almost scary how easy information and
communication is accessible this is this
is the information age that's what it is
that quick anything you want like boom
boom it almost scares me it's almost -
do you know what I mean sorry helps fill
in the air I'm freaking out man I'm
freaking out Oh what's up you want it
I'm not even getting paid just so you
guys know they did send it to me for
free so because I think they knew
they're like if we send them a free
amazingness he'll talk about that
amazing how amazing it is this I mean
it's so cool and can I just say this one
this is combining shades - loves well
honey - I'm the first in the next
computer and TV it's combining that
listen the second that we can install an
Internet TV on mommy tarts forehead this
makeup session is awesome grab the whole
head like it's like a big like a
jack-o'-lantern you just called me a
jack-o'-lantern
on your new TV how to fix it okay
anyways cut that's all for now
you are the best big sister you've eaten
with your sister what's your face nur
him sorry bro my bad no I didn't mean
anything by it dude my bad sorry what
was where is it oh it's not in your room
anymore
you lost it oh great you lost the top
half now you lost the bottom half oh
look it's it's baby Rock charts little
brother there's your brother do you like
him I'm a mum give me kisses on my mom
um these tweeners these cleaners on my
mum um do you like your little brother
look get out of my face all eat your
face I'm nom nom nom baby eats baby I'm
nom nom nom nom oh you got you you got
your lunch all over his face there's a
serious matter dad I'm eating lunch
there's nothing to be trifled with me
and baby tart are having a nice lunch
together and you guys just butt in and
ruin everything
is that funny baby dark you're so cute
bless your heart
hey how's my little bro how's my little
bro bro bro hey baby I left that hat
dude that looks stylin totally totally
stylin yes all doodlebugs ruins of
brothers so here at Fred Meyer because I
need an HDMI cable for the new TV and I
I just was thinking that maybe I
overreacted a little bit I was like too
excited you guys I felt like I was like
super duper excited about something
I was super I was way excited sorry if I
overreacted boy how embarrassing are you
burst are you embarrassed because your
daddy was too excited huh you're so cute
I love that hat man seriously where can
I find me one like that rocked hard
you're not supposed to be chewing on the
HDMI cable just because you got a sweet
cable doesn't mean you got to chew on it
I know chew on the cable daddy I like to
eat the cables okay we found at the
store for that pretty girl we found you
really look hot in that coat yeah is
that called a petticoat what's that
called peacoats yeah I totally beat on
that the rams i peed on them
that's a pee-pee coat it's a pee pee on
your coat in the potty so no no i'm
HDMIs delicious nom nom nom you guys
know what I always say if you want
something that's gonna quench your
thirst and you still want to be healthy
the best the best thing you can have is
simply balls if you just have two
bottles of balls every day you'll be
quenched healthy and happy false
it's the soda if life I'm doing a brand
endorsement over here me leave me alone
the fine people at balls industries have
paid me a lot of money to promote their
product it's balls did you want some no
here put it in your mouth
but man is sending a message to his
mother I would I'm trying to send her a
text that says do you all want to
convert the world spaghetti tonight and
neither of us know how to spell
spaghetti I said listen I'm we talk can
we talk you're both idiots and we don't
know how to spell spaghetti so we're
fighting over how to spell spaghetti and
I said just guess and the iPhone will
autocorrect you and it'll probably right
well it just spelled sphagnum she said
you know let's see this do you all want
some sphagnum for dinner spell I don't
know if this is even a real word it's
spelled SPH AG n um Magnum for dinner
look it up s ph h en um we're getting
some funny looks here okay I'm sending
it it's being sent hey guys who wants 46
inches of shaycarl
watch this look a cute rock card is
right here isn't he precious
oh did you not fall for it mom I did oh
did you fall for it the Google TV is
hooked up and it's crazy the resolution
is actually pretty good and almost looks
like it's like a real TV show I'm
surprised yeah that's the remote 46 inch
screen go sit down next to a Logan's so
we can see that get a get a little lunch
idea
see there's Logan's head it's about if
she's bigger than you actually looks
like yeah look oh yeah touch the screen
her heads bigger than yours honey you
have a big
all right princess tarde has her school
pictures and she just came in to the
room and she asks her uncle Logan hey
you guys listen to this story so weird
me and Logan were in the office at
Prince's card comes in with her pictures
and she goes all basketball
she's like Logan do you want one of my
pictures like all hoping you would want
one you know and I might tell Logan I'm
like just tell you what one he's like
yeah I want what do I want mine she goes
no but do you want one of mine it was
hilarious I was like just be nice to her
you want one then she's like you don't
wanna - no but you want one of mine huh
cutie you gonna go cut those up and give
them to Grandma and Grandpa and uncle
Logan go have mom cut up all right mom
who wants a prince to start school
picture we send these out
princess art can you sign 30,000 of
these you do that for us yeah no well
that's cute
