you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax
because
little rock hard it's my little rock
they honestly get you guys I guarantee I
got some of you guys you guys probably
baby baby you gotta see the baby oh it
is lunch what is this Leonard is this
just dinner lunch linner hmm I love me
some winner it's lunch er it's lunch
dinner
that's litter lunch and dinner is linner
or dunch whoo we have dunk dunk sure
breakfa winner dunk
any news those what do we have in mom
what do you explain your delicatessens
to us your delightful delicatessens what
do you guys tell your mother can you
tell her a little less obnoxiously
jeepers well what about me do you think
I could possibly have a chicken
enchilada I've been a good boy I'll just
lay look at those landmines that is not
a pretty sight people I'm sorry to have
to show you hey son sorry hey I'm glad
you're here dude I just got off the
phone a buddy of yours called
his name was bucket I think this is his
name do you know a bucket do you know
his friend
what's his friend's name yeah yeah yeah
that's right bucket and shovel they just
got off the phone and they I told him
that you were outside playing but they
wanted to hang out with you and they
were wondering if you could meet them
over at poops house
yeah shovel and bucket they said they
hadn't seen you for a while I kind of
want to reminisce it's been a long time
since you guys have chilled together and
they're like hey Sun tired there can you
come play with us over at poops house I
said oh well yeah sure as soon as he
gets out from playing I'll let him know
you guys called oh I'm not telling you
that I'm just saying the bucket and
shovel they said they wanted to hang out
with you and you're supposed to meet
them
oh yeah right down there that's where
they wanted to meet you they said meet
down kind of where there's some snow and
a fence and just like where where a lot
of poop is okay oh it's gonna be - why
are you pissed that the snow melted if
the snow had melted bucket shovel
probably wouldn't have called but now
that the snow melted it's time to do
some chilling with a little old manual
labor little buddy I like to call manual
labor it's done good for me over the
years you got to teach the kids how to
hang out that dude also sounds like a
fake laugh but it sounds so real baby
charged you wanna hang out with bucket
and shovel - oh not and that's all I
recorded yesterday hey what are you good
what do you expect it was one take
Sunday I'm wearing my Canada hat that
the homies gave me in Canada thanks guys
hey I got a long video tomorrow which is
today because I'm uploading what
happened yesterday on Sunday today which
you're watching right now but a good
long video is gonna be tomorrow because
yesterday is Sunday you know what let me
just level with you guys I get sick of
myself that is really the reason I think
I have adapted one take Sunday is
because after I've gone through an
entire week of editing me just saying
stupid stuff and like trust me I say a
lot of stupid stuff I cut that part out
I get tired of myself and I'm just tired
of watching myself and editing myself so
that's why I do want to take Sundays but
anyways
I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
tuning in and in case you have never
seen it and just one that's an oldie I
introduce you my friends it's a nice
Peter hit Peter I sit down my computer
to see what you have done so far today
it's just nice see reality just a cool
family be good to each other
a pair of the people
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is
you've become an adjective of your own
it means something between extra-large
and awesome do check out the Shaista
pretzel whoa I'm so tired
Jana
you're a regular guy
but you try
to be something
we are
Oh shame
