you are not watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax follow
it all started with the blender we
believe eating healthier shouldn't be
hard actually it should be a pleasure a
job you don't have to secretary
what's that work sacrifice great tastes
for help indoors no I don't endorse
drinking right this morning I might take
me a little shot doesn't taste good but
it's good for you it's interesting all
the nutrients
apparently that like wheatgrass juice is
supposed to be something like 180
servings of vegetables I may have
exaggerated that number just a bit day
two or this is day three of healthy
choices in chez Carl's life and I've
actually already lost four pounds I have
a lot of extra no we'll see that's not
fair because I have lots of extra and
you don't have a lot of extra for you to
lose four pounds is a lot harder than
for me to lose four pounds if I don't
eat a cheeseburger
it's the body's and be like we got too
much get it out of here I lose 20 pounds
pretty much in a week and a half really
easy so that is mo and motivating but
then it kind of like stops you kind of
like plateau so listen remember this is
the better than you were doing the
exercise plan that's all you got to do
just simply think about what do I
normally eat and just eat a little bit
better instead of waking up and having
you know a cheeseburger a double
cheeseburger fries at a 40 ounce coke
for lunch and having a Jamba Juice I'm
not sponsored by a Jamba by the way but
if anybody at Jamba is listening
sure let's love some free Jamba no
problemo why would we give you a free
Chompy you're talking about it anyways
yeah thanks thanks sure we don't need to
give you free stuff you already
promoting it the Rockstar is talking
back there what are you doing car on the
new sky this car Cooper this cars going
five miles an hour if you feel safe she
go faster or slower
do I go faster or slower faster how fast
should we go 104 akhtar does this little
beanie on his racing beanie another
thing I wanted to talk to you guys about
is changing your physiology
what is physiology Shay I don't know but
I heard it and the thing so I've used
that word
now physiology is like your body like
what do you what is in your body listen
to this book on tape about literally
just sitting up straight like what what
do you what is your body language when
you're in a bad mood you're like this
show us a bad mood physiology honey such
a good actress show us a good mood
physiology tube you breathe different
your postures different your face is
different scientists actually have
studied that literally just by going
from this to this can totally change me
I can fill it already just as I do that
try it home don't be too cool for school
you know what too cool for school it's
like looking to do that that's stupid
I'm too cool to do that I'm not dumb
come on shake grow up I'm not gonna do
that too stupid grab try this city on
your computer right now sit up as
straight as you can straight posture
head up big smile on your face like this
and then take deep breath then take deep
breaths of oxygen
oh and you'll feel better cuz one you'll
probably laugh for yourself because you
look like an idiot or you'll pass out
which will be cool which would be fun do
you automatically just feel better so
try it out change your physiology
Jamba Juice the taste of deliciousness
health nutrition and all that we need to
have a good sound mind and body I was
not made to say that but I will Jamba
Jamba Jamba Jamba sorry for you Jumba so
out mmm what are you little boot heads
doing huh you watching the one-eyed
monster you letting the one-eyed monster
suck your souls suck your souls from
your lifeless bodies my dad used to call
this the one-eyed monster yes you guys
are spending too much time in front of
the one-eyed monster the TV you want to
jump to alright ready 1 2 3 baby guards
turned into the jump with vlog ready 1 2
3 go
what are you ready alright let's see how
this one turns out oh yeah we want my
arm oh you're a big dude ready 1 2 3
jump I got a need I got a need to the
kidney so friggin huge mungus it's
Tsongas feet are 6 feet wide battle
here's your weapon ready try
who's gonna film though we're gonna film
tonight I just want to warn you and I am
double black belt we have a Yuletide
baby what are you wearing dude that's a
weird thing to be wearing I guess it is
the holiday season hi look at that
that's a big that's a big ones that you
got a big bow on it yeah looks exciting
wait till they go home to open it
this is a Southside me right I think it
looks good why he could still see that I
was worried about losing that I love it
what do you I sing didn't gets too big
yeah
no I didn't yeah I mean yes I did I
painted with my feet I'm a foot painter
you're so amazing no a guy in Canada
painted it for me it's names ray art by
the way you guys know get actual copies
of this well they call it when they
print it thank you
what you say we're gonna make it work
good job honey
don't break it don't run into any people
or suggest friends good luck with that
it's like I'm Princess Bride
everybody okay so wouldn't fit in the
van they tried like four different ways
and I wouldn't fit so we have a little
MacGyver situation going on right now we
have some twine that is holding it in
here and then some twine that is holding
it here
that's twine that's holding it here so
I'm also worried about is the wind
picking it up I'm just gonna drive home
really safe it's in the back of the
truck I'm gonna try to go really slow he
is huge yeah sometimes gonna watch out
of the back of the window we're gonna go
look for a stud finder well my wife's in
the car so I have to go find a new stud
finder I get it cuz I was dead a sub
finder is something that will find the
two-by-four through the sheetrock so
that we can nail the nails into the 2x4
so it's stronger we can hang that giant
painting on it okay you guys cold enough
it's frickin freezing man let's go dad
that's gonna be like aberrations is that
like my great-great grandson is gonna
hang this in his office or this is my
great-granddaddy shade back in the days
of the internet and you have to actually
have computers
you couldn't upload information directly
to your brain I don't know why my great
great dad son has a ranch apparently
that's what he does in the year 3000
all right yeah take him to his home that
dad may think that the whole wall I'm
gonna be cool you think I need more to
live in here I need to get I need you to
ID Yeah right
yeah looks nice I like it what are you
laughing at we can do macbook faces what
did you say about it
it's amazing Cooper just walked in ago
it's amazing you like it son tard what's
your favorite one it's so cool because I
like I just noticed this dude up here I
really like this guy's color k√ºbra
which one is your favorite the yellow
one the happy one I really like this
color right here that like it's like a
North Carolina blue it's really cool
it's almost like you can see the
different moods of the sadness and the
anger the fright downtrodden the angry I
love it put your favorite sad do them
this one house like it don't touch honey
we have to chop off son jars right arm
come here dude I'm sorry put it right
here put here right arm right here
set it down if students if it was up to
me I wouldn't do it but the guy who
painted this said if anybody ever
touches it at the con of their right arm
ready okay put your arm down right there
put your arm right here lay it down lay
down it only hurt for a minute put your
arm down
I seriously I'm gonna cut them off put
it down I'm sorry dude so stabbed and
ready wait are you seriously gonna do
that wait wait wait wait whoa are you
serious whoa I thought we were joking
around here Danny
are you being serious sir let's cut off
your leg why not you don't care if we
cut off your leg all right put your leg
up there you lock up your arm or your
leg okay ready here we go ready one two
you're tough you must trust your father
I guess so it's Friday night you know
what that means I'm a hot date with this
hot chick the kids are at home with
Carly and we are actually going
Christmas shopping for them it's what I
thought there was extended holiday hours
no well Rudolph balls the mall is closed
can't do any Christmas shopping in there
let's go somewhere else
no what are you doing dude is like no
joke this is like look I can fit I'm
gonna I'm a full-grown adult man
I could fit both my hands it's like a
sword in the stone sword
okay you're buying at least I know what
to get shaved for Christmas so festive
here I just love all the Christmas
decorations it's so cool what's that's
not a snow angel do a snow angel you're
gonna get me kicked out of here come on
snow angel card you know the snow no
you're good so I tweeted this the other
night I was watching an ed Bassmaster
her video where he did his rendition of
a Christmas Story y'all shoot dry out
and I thought I think son tard is old
enough under the proper supervision to
get his very first BB gun because I
remember when my dad gave me my first
one I was eight
that's us she's bringing the keys
anyways so I think I'm gonna get him a
BB gun
mommy turns not very happy about it
thrilled truly thrilled we're gonna be
very careful very really supervision
supervision we'll shoot cans in the
backyard and we won't shoot anybody's
eye out I promise
now we have to decide what one we want
to get to want to get one with a scope
on it or shy just Lert and make him you
know learn to shoot I'll just some
regular sight should we get a Red Ryder
I thought so many choices Shay Carl
really I can't do anywhere yeah nice try
draining it please do not leave children
unattended in the loudspeaker they know
your backyard I do obviously the
shopping for centaur and mommy Tartu
found the most precious little music box
I just started crying but whose idea was
it to fill it with little wings and
lockets and stuff I am soaked yeah okay
so imagine this imagine you're a four
year old little girl and you walk down
stairs and the light of the Christmas
movie is upon you if you open this and
there's some jewelry and rings and like
a locket and face and bows and and then
here you got some bullets and then your
chew you put your Chi right underneath
there and your camel lights there's a
section for that
oh right well I don't know what you put
in it exactly but can you imagine they
just wake up and there's like what's in
here it's like what is she doing we draw
a beard on her a beard under Joe all
right let's go we're done with this crap
wasting money on a wasteful plastic crap
