Oh God okay you guys I apologize today
is becoming one take Friday I have been
super busy okay so we have two sticky
things a nail on a stud and another
sticky thing and we're about to hang up
happiness is a choice cartons memory of
Alaska is get your butt over here
here we go ladies on my count one two
three four legs not your back
okay higher I just I got the pin you
guys just get it on the hook okay so I
got it Carly I got the weight of the
painting you can like relax we'll just
get them on the hooks what do you think
is it look even no that is not even
sorry dude
the right side needs to come up higher
is your is yours on Carly oh no no just
scoot it over push the whole painting to
the left because the middle is like the
access yeah I good good good keep going
to the left more push to the left to the
left to the left push my happiness is a
choice painting to the left
Carly quit means to what are you
freaking yeah okay does that Center is
it even I think it needs to go to left a
little bit more a little bit more
it looks so good is it even that's a
rude all right I think it looks good
ladies it's not even you got to go two
more to the left a little bit a little
bit more to the left anyways let them
deal with that so yeah guys sorry I
didn't get a chance to get a real video
up today but we will tomorrow I'll be
right back on track super busy one take
Friday so excited if you guys want to
get prints of this happiness is a choice
painting you can go to the link to my
pants gray art the creator of this
painting it's an original that is the
only one like it in the entire world I
love it go check it out link my pants
you guys I know what your very own print
if you want
it's my mantra it is happiness is a
choice that is what I want to live my
Mac my life bye you can't always be
happy
listen I know I'm not I'm not crazy
I realized the realism in always being
happy sometimes you have to put up with
some crap in your life but if you are
always striving to choose happiness
every day you wake up and you say to
yourself you know what I am gonna choose
to not let the outside influences of the
world affect my mood I am gonna be in
charge of how I feel because I am gonna
choose happiness I promise you you'll
leave a lot happier life and at least at
least you can try to write okay
thanks girls amen
is it even alright there it is
choose to be this guy no matter what the
outside influences are and how everybody
is negative and pessimistic and thinks
the whole world is going to hell in a
handbag you can be this guy anyways I
love it it looks great thank you Ray I
it is a perfect addition to my office I
think it's still a little uneven ladies
get your butts in here it's hard to get
good hired help these days I tell you
