you are not watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax follow
okay we've got a package of needs my
trusty toenail clippers to open it Oh
your money sucker to clean your nails Oh
a new flip two flips what else do we got
I think you guys I think these are for
you guys actually flip whoa that's new
you guys new flip is sending me these I
think to test out or I might be doing a
giveaway I don't really know the details
yet so maybe I shouldn't be talking
about it but you guys could possibly be
getting one of these flips oh yeah oh my
goodness that is exciting
this is combining basically the to the
the ultra and the me no it's like not as
wide as the ultra but it's not as thin
as the me no and the button on the side
is better that is what I'm talking about
hey guys shoot Carl azuz yeah I like it
I think this is the new one anyways I'll
find out some more details I'm talking
more about you guys might be getting a
flip HD or what is these are okay this
is the ultra I think it's the new Flip
Ultra HD
anyways I'll tell you guys more about it
that's exciting yes all right we just
had an epiphany crazy Sun card what did
you just ask
we just told the son tarde that
hamburgers are dead cows are cows like
cows you see in the field when we're
driving up in the mountains those kind
of cows those cows are killed and then
cut up and then ground up their bones
and their meat is ground up and then put
into a hamburger do you want a hamburger
now did you girls you guys know that
that's what meat is it's dead animals
the turkey that we had for Thanksgiving
it used to be a bird it was a live bird
that was on a farm somewhere and they
killed it chickens different than a
turkey but they're both birds what you
say that's why we're drinking fresh
Jamba Juice's that our fruit tongue guys
cuz daddy tard is gonna start the
biggest thing is I don't wanna like do a
big hoopla and talk to you guys about it
I just sitting there talking to mommy
tart like she'd do I tell the people do
I tell the vlog I really do I really I
decided this morning I'm gonna really
start doing a better job but I just get
tired of like telling you guys over and
over again I thought he is get sick of
hearing us I just feel like I don't want
to say anything do you know what I mean
I just want to do it and not like do
another okay guys you ready let's do
this everybody get on board build
yourself up too much like hardcore I'm
an extremist I'd run myself into the
ground you won't do it if you do it that
way tell me how to do a honey
I know I know how to do that's not
that's not the that's not the thing it's
like I don't lack the knowledge that's
the easy part
it's easy to know how to lose weight
it's the doing that's why I like I don't
want to talk to you guys now because I
know the comments make sure my uncle's
grandpa's nutritionist said that if you
eat sunflower seeds 40 times a day
you'll lose 100 pounds guaranteed by the
time Christmas rolls around that's
that's a little over exaggerated but
you'd be surprised at some of the
comments and messages I get so I don't
need the knowledge of how to do it I
know how to do it it's just the the
doing of the it you got to do it that's
why I like I don't want to talk to you
guys about it cuz it's just like that
lady's car she's staring at me anyways
we'll talk more about it later I love
you guys all right mommy tired what did
you get did you get a painting mommy
thar got her very own painting she's
about to unveil it to you people which
is self prints of this will that be
pompous oh the family picture you guys
look handsome handsome y'all look we got
the print fast Arden the Sun tart who's
that stud muffin right there oh wow
there's that whatever who I don't know
who she is Akhtar drooled all over his
shirt
that is a precious family portrait
where's that gonna go in our house
somewhere let's tape it to the back of
our van so people can see who's driving
the van when we tape that to the back of
our van
well that's precious SuperDuper precious
yeah super do precious we have a s P D P
and s P D F and P super
for F and pressures s P D F and B what
we just changed we can do that way and
this bush is filled you probably can't
see it at least 20 Birds here see if you
can hear listen this bush is filled like
20 Birds and I want to make them all fly
up so I'm gonna hit the bush look I'm a
tard suck why are you suck just sitting
in here that's right
so I'm gonna as I Drive up I'm gonna hit
the bush with this solder why do I want
to antagonize the birds were their
friends this is what were your junior
freshmen oh look at that so long oh wow
trust me I promise bonny Tiger solo was
so sexy I love your shorts too
this is in 1997
you guys are spicing up my life that's
for sure
what are you singing using in jingle
bells while you load your gun that's a
little creepy don't you think oh you got
a dude jingle bells jingle jingle all
the way oh oh oh very tired Merry
Christmas
what are you doing you crazy monkey
Merry Christmas I love you you brush
them are they clean you sure you got all
the places in your teeth kill the sugar
bugs she didn't
baby thar did you brush your teeth you
promise come here let me smell your
breath
it smells pretty good let me see you
open your mouth what's this cheese yeah
that's pretty good
you promise baby Darden you do it again
no you want to do it again to make sure
you kill the sugar bugs you kill them
all all right ready
come here baby tired come here for a
second come here I want to give you five
oh my god yeah I got so tired come here
close your eyes I'll shoot your eye out
Oh right in the butt right in the big
fat butt to scare you wanna shoot me
baby tired
alright okay I'm gonna let baby turn
shoot at the camera ready
okay go oh do it again get a it Oh
Prout's that's hard oh right at the
camera oh you missed me that's fine do
again oh nice shot dude you hit the
camera alright we're gonna see if we can
stick a bullet to that window ready
yours ready
oh he's stuck there for a while let's
try to get somebody higher ready all
your bullets are gonna be stuck up there
dude well son tard has lost two bullets
on the window that is really high up in
the air so it might be hard to get the
bride fall off eventually dude wait what
are you gonna do don't wait no no no
you're gonna hit that light dude go down
lower on the stairs hey ready
okay go this is not gonna yeah I know it
you almost hit Jesus you won't to get
any Christmas
