you are not watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax follow
they say
and just because
for you let's
intro of darkness and whiteness the
beard Nathaniel nauseousness good
morning beard lovelies I just stole two
intros right there because I could think
my own I'm a thief check it check it
dogs check it one time yo I got a big
poster yo oh so excited 1 over 1 over 1
over look what I got
check it out dude do you like that look
check it check it out those are the
beauty face good night oh you're
adorable stop it give me the punch that
cuteness right off your face I'll do it
right there right dad ready go they were
so excited right that's weird to get a
frame of the picture having taken it out
let's go let's go find a frame here's
it's a big one
Shree
after be so careful out here okay Oh
check it out a certificate of
authenticity all right all right
nice oh oh oh ready
such a pretty color oh look at that
rock-hard like the too hard tell me like
our cool things that is so do you have a
frame big enough for it to build one in
your back pocket sweet I love it
I'm thinking a yellow frame I was seeing
blue at first to be heavy what's that
gonna be heavy yeah anything like that
dude yeah um I'm thinking a yellow frame
would be good for a baby cool let's go
see what kind of frame there's lots of
different choices so white that's kind
of cool something like that kind like
that right yellow what about this like
this white like that that's cool I kind
of like that give like that look click
right there
this is so awesome it's so cold like to
it like I imagined it in my mind and
then it's finally here and it's like I
mean it's a little different than I
imagined but it's exactly what I want
it's perfect I think we're gonna go with
a white frame like this but we're gonna
do a thicker border like this so good so
big we thought it would be better for
thicker so they're gonna find out if
there's a white one like this but just
that color and texture
hi Rach tard
oh hey Rach Todd what up we'll come here
to give Malachi a bath here's baby time
that's together fun ah there's baby tar
rock hard and prison start the girls hub
cheer is that all right pinch of star is
that right baby Todd yeah I have hip hop
so I could shoot my Booga I'm gonna do
all different kinds of news and well oh
good old time you are that one time
princess start oh we got a flat tire
yeah it was cool hey baby tard was that
cool huh when we got a flat tire
hey mom retard walk bears aught what's
up
we just took Malachi and to get groomed
he is not excited about the experience
he we left him in a kennel for a couple
days like a doggy daycare type place to
go to Boise and now I'm taking him to
get groomed and he is just like why are
you leaving me at all these random
places mom he's not happy about you
tried to jump over the gate to get back
out I'm like oh geez
anyway so that's what we're doing okay
so um notes to tell you okay nice also I
have a PSP that's your video game and
we're just hitting yeah yeah baby Todd
okay
buta you don't cover the camera hey lady
did
trying to be annoying like your dad yes
I'm gonna learn a lot too cool moves at
hip hop and some payback that's it I'll
give you some payback okay boom I'll
shoot ray
ah
ah see ya dudes
hey guys Matt hip hop then where else
I'm almost on that hip hop and then I
want to get hit me up and you know but
still I got do um something else I know
yes but see a coach yeah soft rock I
still at the pits giving him a bath this
is one of my friends he's my friend from
hip hop and then I don't know we're
gonna have for dinner but we do a lot of
stuff here
hey guys um I'm going home a long time
hi I'm going home from hip-hop no tears
I'm going home from hip-hop and Georgia
no mom
chicken chicken and your face and all
that stuff
see it's what are you doing you like got
the chills
you don't like it it's feeding time for
the baby that yummy what do you feeding
them actually what is that what is this
honey we don't know what you're eating
just eat it I think it's primatte toes
baked potatoes hmm with bacon bits some
chard have a taste taste it taste a
princess card you taste this she'll eat
anything what is it it does mm-hmm it's
banana rock guard like your bananas
yummy oh you want some baby food for
it's a start
Fritz's start liked it now mommy guard
let's see that shirt you're wearing
mommy chairs are in a nice peter shirt
she's an ice skater fan Carly are you
fan of nice Peter
you should you're nice Peter I'd be a
good couple
you're no nice Peter get this naked baby
off of me trying to sleep on my blankie
we got a naked baby and a dog how's it
going guys
Oh mommy tard it's looking gorgeous
gorgeous baby tardy helping reason what
you got either
Oh mommy starts making a hot joke about
herself
this would be the kids tree right it's
all our trees are you putting all these
bulbs on oh I like the blue ones I like
the blue balls honey like they're my
favorite so they're not that's a lie Oh
rocked our town to paw rock dirt found a
pot of bite look don't touch my paw
don't touch my paws here
