you are now watching the shades I've
loved just back relax and the things he
does for school kids mommy guard
actually has a scar from doing that when
she was younger
tell us a story professional
professional Chinese fire drill er
driller and I tell you the story
cheerleading competition high school
short cheerleading skirt oh so sure oh
so it looked like I only have the coat
on and my cheerleading shoes and then
everybody piles in the car my feet slide
out from under my feet flying over my
head who knows who saw my bloomers I'm a
big fat scar right here on my hip show
us but it looks like a bear claw like Oh
guys it was it bleeding really bad it
was bleeding and it had gravel in it and
it was like it hurt really bad but it
was so funny that every was laughing we
were laughing
our great times great stories don't ever
do that you guys it's dangerous at the
Boise mall it is freaking packed this
parking lot is like murderous parking
scavengers and check it out baby best
spot almost second best spot in a lot
best spot luck hey grandpa
my beard is better than yours
hey loser hey loser my beards better
than yours oh okay what's up sorry sorry
won't get anything for Christmas better
one will call he actually does have a
better beard than me as his is real
it's not even fake check it he's a he's
an authentic Santa wanna go talk to him
how long's the line first what
oh it is it's the real one right here on
the Boise law he took time out of his
Sunday to come down here especially
during the holidays that's a long he's
must be busy he hops around really fast
hey mister who's that over there what's
he doing you want to sit on his lap he's
shy
you want him what do you know tell him
you want want a paper job
okay maybe he'll get you on baby tarde
who do you see over there is that Santa
yeah it's an exciting baby tard
baby chard you wanna go talk to him no
son guards not shy gonna go dance for
Santa that would be cool any of you
dance for him
are we good Oh hold on we gotta we gotta
wait in line dude
hey everybody I almost caused a slight
catastrophe who doesn't love a good
catastrophe I know I do so he left Boise
and little ole lapse in mind into
straight cargo forgot to check if we
filled up for gas and we didn't and from
Boise to Mountain home it's like 40
miles we got about ten miles out of
Boise and I realized that the gas light
was on so and I don't want to turn
around and go back
that's backtracking that's waste of time
a waste of energy so I said come on we
can make it we can make it to Mountain
home and we're getting closer and
luckily there's just some little gas
station out in the middle of nowhere
it's called the Boise stage stop feeding
fuel on there selling gas for $2.99 a
gallon which I will gladly pay have you
ever had funny gas stories like that
what's the cheapest you ever paid for
gas one time me and my buddy when I was
a senior we're driving the from Idaho to
Colorado and stop somewhere I think in
Kim or Wyoming or somewhere in Wyoming I
paid 89 cents a gallon I feel like a
grandpa when I said that like I remember
my daddy would buy your nickel hey now
it's a patrol when I was back Monday
mouthing gas will ever be that cheap
ever again but I do remember thinking
89th holy crap that's so cheap then
there was another time where me and
mommy tired relieved in Vegas and I
forgot to hit gas again and we got like
in the middle of the desert and there
was nothing and we found this little
tiny town that we pulled over in and
there was no gas station there so we
started asking like the locals at this
little local restaurant if they had any
gas anybody have the can of gas and they
told us that there was this guy who sold
gas in his backyard so they told us
where he lived we drove over to his
house the weirdest dude ever kid like
little gnomes and batteries and just all
kinds of crazy stuff you could tell he'd
find out he found out on the outside of
the freeway he charged us $5 a gallon
they had these big red cans and we hated
gladly cuz we're gonna be stuck I told
mom and her so that's how everybody in
this town came to be here they ran out
of gas that I could never get out and so
they ended up to live here the rest of
their lives so in my life I've paid 89
cents a gallon and five dollars a gallon
that's not crazy I feel like in the next
10 years everything's gonna be electric
anyways hopefully we don't need gas
anymore that would be great right
we gotta reduce our dependency on
foreign oil I'll punch right in the face
i sear it Oh woman joy
vlog here
and I was happy drinking
it's ranging angry of see
sister
