you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax follow
okay we are packed to the brim this van
is maxed out we have a large Great Dane
in it we have five kids including cousin
Kyler tard this will be watching the
kids while we go to the Boise game we
got presents for son tard
we got computers we got suitcases we got
swimming suits shoes coats hats all
kinds of paraphernalia and by that I do
mean drug things mami tarde has to have
her double water bong before we go
anywhere what she means is share her
teeth hurt so let's go pick him up tell
me what did you get the subscription
Laura tab who wants some Laura tabs $45
a pill will sell to you Oh paraphernalia
okay I'm teasing anyways we're excited
we're headed out right now and it's like
a four-hour drive to Boise and it's a
little overcast it's really foggy today
we're dealing with some low visibility
going on you think not the whole valley
you're you've been smoking too much
obviously with all the drug references
today okay we're going to Boise so
Malakai staying here with his buddy Coby
straight to the dance and he excited
over here
at our hotel we just checked in son tar
gets pumped like a monkey cuz he is
seven he's busting it out right now no
wolves bars that's a seven year old
dance move that's pumped for his
birthday right there here at the hotel
this is gonna be Carly's and Cooper's
room it's nice has like a full kitchen
in it looks like an apartment king-size
bed and then cousin Pilar cards on the
sleep on the couch we're excited what
it's some kind of sandbox it's a snow
box so I jump off there baby tard
yeah the puns are rapunzel let down your
hair
all right mommy tired just went to the
other hotel room son tard what do you
think check it we open it now let's wait
for Grandma to get here and wait for
Grandma to get here huh what do you
think it is do look how big it is huh
smell it can you smell it it's a
kangaroo does it smell like a kangaroo
what have we got our get a kangaroo that
would be the strangest present ever
happy birthday it's a kangaroo with a
gun in its pouch a nerf gun that was
stupid yeah nerf guns are stupid Sunter
you think nerf guns are stupid oh cool
whatever I mean maybe they're also in a
good acoustical situation happy birth we
should we should have we should sing
happy birthday in here we should make
some Hertz and in here this is our new
nanny card
this is cosmic Pilar Pardons our nanny
no no no not yet with wait for
grandmother gator what you did what's
the surprise what you tell him
the what you what just divide it doesn't
mean you keep I did that was my fault
I didn't mess up okay you're an open one
no we have to wait ripped away oh my
mom's taking forever
hey grandma hurry up okay we're gonna
get kicked out of the home alright
finally the moment son tart has been
waiting for
this is the president that princes
started ruined she's the one that gave
away the gift that was me I what do you
think dude those are actually really
cool they're fun don't point it at
yourself what if it was loaded dude easy
easy cheesy hey guess what do you think
it is this is the big big money present
what do you think it is a what it's a
pretty big paper jam nope open it up
that's it that's tradition you always
have to punch the present before you
open it you guys have punch the baby in
the forehead first - what do you think
dude and it's some remote control so you
can drive it with the remote control oh
that's - look you wanna go in the hall
but I take it in the hall right now okay
let's do it
okay let's get it out get the battery
just what you've always wanted
hey ready you ready the austerity you
gotta turn this in at all
there comes the Terrorizer watch out we
think rock dartie it's a crazy rock
garden we want to touch it rock time I
wonder ever to rock hair you can write
on that you could put on top of it put
them on I dare you to wear that all
night long
okay we're at kirino's and boise it used
to be called Johnny Carino's did they
change the name like eight times now
it's history knows grandmas about to
give Sun tire her present
it's what I say her present yes I meant
like years with her and that was waiting
what you get dead Oh
wrapping paper congratulations
what's that
keep opening the present dude there's
more where that came from
what's that a fanny pack oh grandma oh
thanks he always wanted a fanny pack he
wanted to get beat up
we are peon finger being shoulder bag
another case a case within a fanny pack
and then there's another there's must be
a very valuable item to have 18 cases
wrapped around you got a lot of crap in
the Xbox video the tree the comments
it wasn't an Xbox elite what do you tell
grandma take the toothpick out
tell your uncle Logan thank you sorry
kids your uncle Moghe on the lips
kissing on the lips okay so we're in the
Boise State Walmart and it is crazy
orange and blue in here check it out you
can even get Boise State shoes should I
hit some of these moms I get some of
these for the game Oh these silly I
would wear them once and probably never
wear them again but I'm gonna get a
sweater what kind of sweater I think in
bright orange cuz listen I get a bright
orange sweater and then when deer
hunting season starts yeah look it's
even like nurse scrub Boise State stuff
everything in the stores Boise State
even this baby is a Boise State Bronco
hood is that is that a chair that's your
chair they go Broncos
right into the wall
what'd you get
present what did you get him Logan got
him colognes hey Cooper I got you I got
you a coloring book
I got you Thomas the Train coloring book
way better than a coloring book sided
mommy tart took what what choose what
would it lower tab what are they
hydroid court on anyway she's feeling
super loopy so we left her in the car
because she was still really dizzy and
she couldn't walk so I said are you
feeling okay like you're not gonna do
think crazy like get out of the van and
like you'll run around naked or anything
just like no I just wanna lay here okay
so we just bought a bunch of coloring
book stuff for the girls tomorrow
because Heather's gonna be watching them
at the hotel right let's see what your
aunt Carly and uncle Logan bought yeah
Carly's from Cooper petard Cooper come
here look your cousin's open in his
present oh no gave him that they're in
trouble with me that he hasn't got yet
that's supposed to be for Christmas
well guess what you're getting for
Christmas Suns hard good one way to
rings it's Christmas
you're not getting the paper jam you
just have a strap for one you just have
a strap for a paper jam that you might
get one day she doesn't he doesn't have
a paper jam yet that was a nice anyway
okay next
who's this from uncle Logan whoa what
are those speakers first PSP Oh baby
movies and home entertainment nice there
we go Ben go to and fro that's what
makes the world go round
for every to there is a fro for every
stop there is a go and that's what makes
the world go this is my jingo day vlog
sorry did you stop but that was stupid
sorry you guys after 668 days you kind
of run out of good material thanks jerk
okay so you know let's start from the
beginning let's start fresh let's let's
begin anew if we may yes I am decked out
in my attire for tomorrow I will be the
large man with the facial hair and the
bright orange sweater on I kind of like
it anyways one thing I want to tell you
guys before I go to bed big games
tomorrow we're super pumped we're all
excited to go so yes they lost last week
Holly's so much fun aren't they I just
wanted to tell you guys go check out
this station two videos there doing
videos like
every day and we kind of all take turns
could be Denise vlog successfully Brett
the intern Kassem G you never know what
you get on the station to it they're
really fun I am gonna take over
Saturday's Saturday's are my day so
check them out on the station - there's
one up right now every time I go to LA I
try to film like three or four and
there's going to always be one on
Saturdays I think what I'm trying to
make them super funny for you guys so be
sure to check out the station - every
single Saturday because I ain't gonna be
in charge of the station - vlogs videos
on Saturday leaks my pants right now
it's the first one and there's some
really funny ones coming up k go go
check it out go boys to stay see you
guys tomorrow
I'm rooting for the Broncos I checked
out what this giant have not just letter
I have on
