you are not watching the Shaytards watch
just think back for you next fall
hey guys we're Christmas shopping we're
not exactly Christmas present shopping
or Christmas decoration shopping haha
okay since we're here I got thinking
what do you guys want for Christmas as a
baby but you have a baby you have a
naked baby hey do you want a baby with
clothes yes start over what do you want
a racecar and train okay a racecar and
trains and Buzz Lightyear and woody that
is a lot okay guys we're gonna get some
decorations for the kid tree because we
have some decorations from last year but
I didn't realize that they are not
shatterproof girls have already broken
like ten Ivanka we're going to get some
new decorations or a shatterproof right
yeah yeah yes what why do we celebrate
Christmas no cuz it's snowing the
Grammys in this elevate Christmas we
celebrate Christmas presents knowing why
else do we have Christmas for
decorations
well whose birthday is it see Jesus good
job okay kids what did we buy
what did we buy Oh what I don't know
what you think we got Christmas
ornaments on our dream and we probably
have cookie crumbs on our face because
we had a cookie because they were so
good in the store it's funny because
baby tart and Cooper tart argue a lot or
they have in the past but today they
have had so much fun together and I
think it's because it's just them and
they don't have to apart you or they
don't have to compete with the older
kids
I don't know I don't know how that works
but they have been in such a good mood
happy playing so nicely together so
thank you
oh yeah baby tart is saying balls we
bought a bunch of balls she's talking
about the bulbs for the tree and they're
just there's a lot of what is rock
trademark for Christmas he wants to
clean his jumper huh you wanna mount
this one step out you know when he wants
to bounce cuz he starts kicking his legs
and you start saying doing about gets
really excited he knows Jesus mark oh we
are gonna have so much fun putting these
on the tree they're so ready
what are you doing you're editing again
I'm editing and reading emails of people
who want me to send them things but
didn't you edit yesterday day before
that and the day before
that's everyday and busy before that
remark where's the star just given Erin
she goes are you almost done editing so
you can play with us
but no daddy hasn't job to do get that
in here rap well we're gonna decorate
the tree right now we had a lot of
Christmas balls what I love balls I love
Christmas balls yes you do
right I love all Christmas decorations
my marriage it is road to you're looking
for a new intro yeah I'm like I like to
look like every every couple of days I
like to look through four new intros
even though it's like the most
controversial thing on the Shaytards the
intro I love this intro' see with this
intro use a different row I think they
have all been very creative and fun all
of them are unique and fun yeah I
actually kind of like having different
ones I think it's fun to have different
ones like on different like every couple
days change it up
yeah I think it's entertaining yeah so
if you guys want to make an intro I like
look for him like every couple days I
like to look for new ones
I'll show you new troe you were not
about to hand at a time thought that
kayla is a very very best so you're
right stuff that was kind of like
Oh Oh
Center what do you want for your
birthday dog I do uh who's that
why he said something else we didn't get
him what else is you want someone else a
paper gem do you want a paper gem oh
I've got a for your birthday instead
you'll just take what you get right you
know we're gonna get you for your
birthday
when we get you a crowbar a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich a banjo and a
left sock oh it's gonna be the greatest
gift of your life you'll see you're
gonna go far my friend Nashville
Tennessee here he comes
yeah a crowbar you can use it to
bludgeon people to death or to open up
locked doors maybe you could use it to
take a tire off I don't know you choose
how you use it it's okay so tomorrow is
the big day we are on as soon as the
kids get out of school we are headed to
Boise Idaho to go watch the Boise State
Broncos play on Saturday but we're all
gonna stay in hotel and the Sun tarts
birthday tomorrow's gonna be seven years
old and we're gonna go say the hotel I'm
Boise and go swimming are you excited
all right
okay that's it cut the vlogging all
right to celebrate son tardes olestra of
the seventh birthday we are coming to
enjoy some of only the finest Mexican
cuisine that the world has to offer it's
Taco Bell people here we go
did you say action
what does it mean when you say action
that means start ok we're here at large
meat and the girls
we're going to get a centered 8th
birthday present and the girls are gonna
help me pick one out
ok now Prince it's hard when I'm done
talking you say cut yeah I think we
found something that if I was a 7 year
old boy I would freaking love what do
you girls think do you like this I think
I like it
check that out it's a little pricey it's
a little pricey 49 bucks we should get
the yellow or the red hoody is like
better the red
what do you think he'll like better the
yellow or the red this can be from you
guys you guys want to say this is from
you baby tard to be like yellow or red
you like the Lalo what do you think this
time do you think you want red let me
text mom real quick ok ok we're gonna
send this to mom and see what she says
okay you girls listen it's a tie so
princess starts as red baby turns as
yellow whatever mommy turd says that's
the colour when I go with okay she's the
tiebreaker
we're waiting for her to text us back
okay okay please agree to those terms
and conditions you guys want arm-wrestle
over it hey you guys arm wrestle over no
do paper rock scissors to see who
decides okay ready baby's heart do you
know how to do paper rock scissors you
ready baby's heart hold your hand out
ready rock
setai visible - scissors okay do it
again you have to choose one they're
just going rock paper scissors you have
to choose one to choose one that beats
the other ones they beat ride ready go
you guys aren't getting the concept very
well he's ready for the decision she
said you can't see Oh fun yellow mommy
card said yellow dang it
baby tired you win mom retard said Lalo
are you mad bit princess card grab it go
ahead and Rab that yellow one think I'll
like it guys okay we got the yellow one
you win
congratulations on your victory the
yellow one prevailed but start are you
moping in the corner are you sad you are
the yellow one okay
keep your eyes closed
don't turn around don't turn around sons
are did he cover his eyes son tard
better happy cheating we got him one of
these
we got him one of these that he asked
what it is is it stupid no it's not
stupid it's awesome okay can you load
that in there is it too big
you got it son tard listen it sounds
like this that's what it sounds like
does it sound cool oh crap I don't think
I did Oh we'll have to go do it later
okay I don't know what it takes wait
never mind they're included rock card
you better not ruin the surprise
good bacon he's picking up the toy he's
gonna tell him brothers always stick
together
Aziz Savannah tomorrow
hey Sun tarde let me ask you a question
que the color of the item is either hard
it's either red or yellow what color do
you like better red or yellow what but
do you like red better than yellow well
it's yellow we all voted me and baby
turn and Mommy tarde thought yellow is
cooler but Prince's turn originally said
she liked the red one better so maybe
princess hard was right we should have
listened to her we should've listened to
you princess card it won't matter
yeah you're gonna like it dude it's
gonna be sweet if I was if I was a seven
year old boy in your shoes I would love
it too
oh I want to tell you what it is but I'm
not
nobody nobody emails centaur what it is
until tomorrow
babies are hush your mouth
