so
good morning everybody it is early so
early it's like the bum crack of dawn
right now 9:28 what are you doing right
now
hustle take it now hurry hurry hurry we
are taking mommy tired to the dentist
son tart and Princess starter at escuela
ask away that's how I say see it's just
this weird thing it's kind of like it's
almost like an what's it called a
deficiency in my pronunciation but yeah
ever since I was a kid every time I said
the word explain that that's why I said
it I'd be like my mom's like okay mom oh
I didn't get my homework done I just
skip ran up the mommy guards going to
the dentist
she's taking her drugs she's a bad
person she's going to sedation dentistry
you know what that means
she got some effed-up shib in her mouth
yo is it weird that this is to me
remember a time in my life where I used
to get up at 4:30 in the morning to go
to work honey do you remember that time
in my life I do that's watch your
language
kids watch this show don't pinch my
right nipple that's the sensitive one
she pinched my right I used to wake up
at 4:30 do you remember why I did get up
at 4:30 in the morning why no that's
that's I got up at 5:00 no you got up at
4:30 so you go to the gym before you
know before that this is back in the day
yo this is like six years ago seven
years ago years ago why did I used to
get up at 4:30 in the morning
I I did it to be able to provide
shelters face no don't even know me
you know it's like we don't even know
each other I was the produce dude she's
such a jerk do you ever pinch my rifle I
used to have to get up at 4:30
I remember I'm overthinking it's 4:30 I
did be there at 5:00 because that's when
we started I was the produce well if I
said the produce cook but I would did
prep I prepped all the food for that day
I was there for like 4:30 to noon and
she would walk yeah this lady was the
Baker she was Baker she'd get up at 3:00
and she walked across town like an hour
and a half to get to work was crazy I'd
like to want me to come pick you up
oh look trees we had to come here here's
the trees hate trees I got that job at
Perkins because we had to but we were
buying a house and we didn't have enough
income they the lady who was doing the
loan she's like you actually need to
make a little bit more money to buy this
house
so I sacrificed for our family because I
wanted us to have a house because I had
two jobs plus I was going to school I
was in college so I had to get up at
4:30 in the morning to go do this
produce job so we can make a little
extra money so we can buy our very very
very first house do you remember any I
am such a good husband yeah pinch my
left nipple okay Decco anytime where we
go in we're gonna go pick up mommy
where's she been at the dentist why did
she have to go to the dentist because
why
just fix her teeth she has sugar bugs
she had sugar bugs in her teeth huh she
needs do a better job of brushing her
teeth huh yeah okay so we're going to
pick up mami tarde
she had sedation dentistry I told you
guys about last time which means you're
out and I think she's gonna have the
laughing gas she said she was gonna do
and she's never had that before
and mommy turns a lightweight she's so
small that I'm interested to see how
she's feeling hopefully she's like all
dizzy and crazy and says some funny
things so well we're gonna go get her
right now and see how she's feeling
that's like Vaseline or something say
something funny hurry as a pirate smile
what did you do in the bathroom when I
was in there I peed and I feel I was
vlogging it was great you either go in
there and pee and vlog it alright let's
go let's take this druggie home come on
druggie just for our personal records I
know I miss it
this was a little crazy crazy man I was
just telling mommy Tarn he is definitely
one of us he is Senor screaming he was
gone jumping off a nice thing I think
he's gonna have buff legs I think it's a
study can it be a study can we have
research can researchers do its study I
want researchers to do a study on babies
who have these jumper things that they
can jump on average high of 20% higher
at least at least 20% higher dude I know
you're white but you might be able to
dunk someday because of this jumper and
you have me and your mom fake if you
make it to the NBA you better pay us my
mom and dad put me in a jumper when I
was a little baby and that's why one
slam dunk competition in 2029 but the
world ended in 2012
baby can jump I let go that matters
forgot him he doesn't miss a beat
daddy turns beating the crap out of his
mom he's like hold on curve I'm just
hoping here just ropeburn hey hey my
baby would you look at all gotta go
bouncing more bouncing what's the matter
Rock dog why are you fussing I know I
own show us why he's fussing let's see
it's a sad sad sad sad situation
he hasn't loan to tow
- definitely okay we have a baby we have
a onesie we have a baby onesie and up Oh
a toast poking through hello
there's a lone toe so you know what
happens rock tart I'm so sorry to have
to break this news to you but I have to
bite the toe off this toe has to be
bitten off your toes poking through your
what the dog what's going on your toes
poking through your onesie thing the
ones they have to contain all the baby
parts there is a road toe toe isn't as a
miss it is out of the limits we have we
have snipers for this reason there are
snipers on the tower shooting at this
toe because he is out of the borders
where he is supposed to be this is the
perimeter of the jail this toe is is is
what's the word wheeling it's Brit out
this dough is breaching the perimeter
sniper fire is upon us
that's part of my comedy bit alright
take this rogue tow boy go away bye bye
oh gosh
