so
they're in the wilderness of the black
Great Dane who ran to and fro scaring
the children as he went oh he's so noble
in his noble environment there's about
eight inches of snow out there and it is
a cold cold one and Malachi is just like
running around the backyard like a crazy
man okay
Oh jeepers stop that Shane just stop yet
I want to squeeze the end of your nose
it's squishy still just please don't you
see I love you just like squish the end
of her nose for some reason what she
doesn't like what I did
it's like squishy Alex creeps in it okay
watch your nose I'm gonna get it I'm
gonna get it I'm like a Viper look
show us the gift you just got your
spoiled kitchen radio it's to listen to
Christmas music we do need to set up the
tree tonight yeah the Christmas tree
tonight and then all install that and
we'll listen to some Bing Crosby and
stuff to be so festive
we should go put the tree right now
there little by one we do that guys
we're gonna put it on top of the roof we
already have another fake one I want a
real one this year though do it do it
dawg you guys want to get a real tree or
a fake tree why do you want a real tree
you know that's not a word right son
tired but weak say it in this family
because it's more fun to say fun er hey
girls what are you doing back there
oh no way all right yes I know by a tree
yeah we would a trade you want a real
treat you have things that I know they
probably do they're prevalent rope let's
go see let's go see let's go see let's
go see I'm sorry your stories are dumb
no it's not it's you know what's your
story anyway we went and we got the tree
at home no no tree and it was not very
long drive it was like a very very very
short did you find it so we went back
it's like it's gotta be on the side of
the road somebody must have taken it
they picked it up like saw it like sweet
somebody lost it so he's like jackpots
got a tree all right that's not gonna
happen to us cuz we're smart
what is that Anna oh it all to you hey
baby
oh yeah thank you got this get your
booty shake like me huh I'm your father
I taught you how to booty shake you'll
respect my booty shaking Whittle do you
yeah okay we're not gonna go get a tree
right now because son tired what do you
have sometimes yep
hip-hop we got some turnouts hip-hop and
the girls have ballet so you don't have
time to go look for tree what you guys a
ballet right or cheer cheer okay the
girls have cheer sundered has ballet and
I have my violin lessons so we can't go
look at a tree and the mommy card has to
go to our clogging class you have
hip-hop you better not have ballet or
I'll punch you in your bowl a what that
means I just make up words plus I
realized that if we're gonna get a tree
we need to have a measurement we need to
go measure the roof because if we get a
tree that's too tall we'll have to cut
it so we're gonna go measure and then
we'll know I want to get a really tall
one but our ceilings aren't that totting
they're a gay feet or nine but the
entryway is really tall what if we put
like a 20-foot one in the entryway and
then we can't just use our front door
for a month that'd be cool we just put
it right there by the stairs no dang it
we got lots going on check it out I'm a
man I did some stuff with a drill look
what I did I finally yeah look I mounted
it look look I mounted it oh the radio
that is isn't that sweet it looks really
cool and then you can plug in your
little iPod and then you have a little
case right there so you sit there you
can have it open the CD player you have
the senior
this is only 70 bucks it's pretty cheap
I'm gonna be thinking you have a CD well
we like me to sing let's hear you sing
dog side card feeding the rock card
you're a good brother
look at you beats a baton what are you
feeding him
green beans oh he doesn't like it he
likes it grows a man whoo time to eat
mommy's delicious dinner once upon a
time that was like every single day she
made a delicious dinner Oh
phones ringing it's Carly style yeah
nice my niece is enjoying your dinner
what do you got there
green beans Caesar salad Oh potatoes
beef deliciousness what did you sneak
what do you say to your home
thank you what do you say to your mom
where's your food oh Jesus turn it up
okay Princeton stars like I'd say and
thank you I don't got crap yeah naked
baby over there why is that baby naked
why is there a naked baby he's trying to
figure out the launch codes for the
missiles over there I can tell he's like
God I think all all all sends them over
to North Korea if I can I'm not sure why
are we on
we're on South Korea's side or North
Korea I can't remember there's some
debacle without missiles over there I'm
not sure it was just a joke don't take
it too seriously I'm not making an
agenda about Korea and missiles
I'm it's rock time everybody's relaxed
it's Christmas time let's hear some
music is this music on push play oh you
took your phone out
so angry what are we gonna hang up the
tree I want to say hang up the tree I
mean put the lights off what if we did
I've heard there are some people they do
they hang it upside down right have you
seen that I've seen that they used to be
I used to be like a style like a friend
yeah today's know what I'm talking about
people used to hang their tree upside
down from their ceiling that really
happened I'm not just a psycho fat man I
know that really happened somewhere
someplace in the world people use saying
their tree upside down come on back me
up people somebody let me let me get an
upside-down Christmas tree I want some
of that Caesar salad dawg mmm now what
do you tell your mom oh so sweet
there's all sweet what color a treat you
guys wanna redo all whites whites or
colored lights you want white lights mom
what do you want you a tall white lights
I'll have you well let's let them
decorate the fake one and then we get
the real ones you can do it
so look sweet all right sounds good
I said the big fat man with the long
white beard he's a comment it's a good
dinner
since you like it it we even got pea
pods that we call it what I called
animal Anna Adam Adam who whose mom made
them Adam Adam mom made Adams mom made
him had a mom made her mom's made of
Adam okay
- oh you're in greenie what ingredients
are you making something
you mean directions the same thing
directions ingredients can you guys all
sing with me and mommy Oh clearing out
the vocal pipes you ready
like an angel oh can you start Holy
Night the stars are brightly shining it
is the night of our dear saviors birth
let's wail OH long lay the world in sin
and error pining in the appears and the
soul felt it slow
what do you love weary world rejoices
baby starts it leaning yonder a new
angle is small
for nah
if you Steve
all night when rock tart was born
well listen we'll practice we should we
should practice and we like all do it as
a family where you can get it okay guys
we're gonna practice we'll pick up or
pick it you guys leave a comment below
what's your favorite Christmas song and
then maybe we'll try to like practice it
and we'll all get it down and we'll make
a video of all of us singing it okay
what's your favorite Christmas song
leave a comment below it is so why are
you under article summary goes trust me
well looking looking good
you Denton Ebel bad hey guys shaycarl
here didn't that video give you a
festive spirit and a Christmassy mood
would you like to have more of that
Yuletide joy in your life right now well
for the low low price of $0 you can go
watch the video I did with Corey Vidal
and wheezy waiter when I was in Canada
check it out it's me and wheezy waiter
are like combative Santa Clauses we get
in this fight and we're trying to like
beat each other up with nerf guns and
stuff that's the reason I went to Canada
you just remember up on the CN tower and
all that crazy stuff so I'll go check it
out right now links in my pants also
nice shaycarl video is up it was really
fun making it it was from a comment off
of reddit calm because I've ever heard
of red it's a really cool website worked
with Michael Gallagher from totally
sketch who filmed and directed it and
like Steve green comedy Jason Horton
beat bree essrig my buddy cats and G's
in it go check that out right now link
to my pants also exciting news the
painting from Ray art the happiness is a
choice painting you guys know about it
it's on its way to me here where I live
I'm gonna have it and I'm gonna I have
to get a kid to roll it up it's like 6
feet do it it's huge it's gonna take up
this entire wall right here thing and
I'm gonna have to put it in my office
it'll make mom and turns to let me put
it anywhere else but I think I'm just
gonna hang it right there it seems like
BAM and it's literally gonna like go
across almost the entire wall it's like
six feet by 4 feet big
that was an appropriate all right thanks
guys check out the two new videos I just
told you about links below and I'll see
you tomorrow
ok bye I love you see it Oh check out
this maple syrup I also got from Canada
some nice Canadian gave me some real
genuine maple syrup looks like it's like
rum or something ok bye
