so
xbox360 lot of you guys in the video
comments have been saying did you get an
Xbox I see you next box I wasn't
supposed to tell you guys because we got
an Xbox for free Xbox sent us one they
said all's we had to do is a little
product review and just show footage of
all of us playing it but they had to
approve the video so I made it a long
time ago so I'm finally uploading it
today baby card do you like it you think
it's awesome if we made this video a
while ago the hot tub in memory of my
family have been here busy working but I
have some footage from when we're all
together the other day for Cooper's
birthday we're all on that gym doing
backflips and stuff
anyways the people from Xbox sent us our
very own Xbox 360 Kinect and I got all
my family to play it together and oh
just kind of did like a product review
and it was so fun check out this footage
right now of me and all my family plan
I'm gonna sit in this hot tub I make it
I'll see in a minute bye
you guys I got this sweet surprise for
the family and I haven't told them at
all yet because oh so everybody wanted
to make it a total surprise
but the Xbox sent me an Xbox 360 with
the Kinect so that you can play like
hands-free and now I'm gonna go tell
them and all my other families here too
like my mom and dad are brothers and
sisters so I'm gonna take this out we're
all gonna play at the same time what boy
Xbox play some Xbox go play all right
come hook this up Logan I got no
fighting over the Xbox children what's
that oh cool what is it let me see
Kinect joyride that looks awesome
all right let's try this out smell what
is this smell again hex book you got the
oh you got the new black one I did yeah
what does that mean yo me oh I love the
elite after net I don't know much about
video games is that the good one yeah
why are you smelling it but ever smell a
new Xbox before no never not your
godliness check it out wires one for you
one for you yes that make sure we don't
lose anything here you know the that's
the Kinect so this is like the motion
detector right yeah so this like
basically like it sees your body and you
don't even need there's like cameras
right here you don't even need a remote
control and it just like you like well
let's just set it up and we'll show you
how it works
hooking it up check it out new external
devices connected do you want to enjoy
this I think we do let's go ahead and
yes on that one let's enjoy this thing
what I think sometimes we enjoy it you
enjoy this Xbox I better not catch you
playing this all by yourself late at
night we're all in bed I'm like what's
that noise
mommy tarts playing the Xbox again okay
it's ready okay nice touch the thing
okay now your stop button right there
oh well worked
oh okay push it again alright we're
learning how it'll work the sbox it's a
touchscreen that's core it's like
touchscreen all right let's do it
beautiful I don't learn Japanese before
you know okay
sunder I read that you can see it you
haven't learned that in first grade yet
yes you're learning you're gonna love it
and I won't be able to take you away
from it what have they are we gonna do
driver commands do you have this a
practice oh yeah you driving a bus
balloons the console settings are done
hey everyone chop this is one person
only please I rarely move in front of
the sensor oh hey you feel like it's
like Minority Report then such a major
ever deserve that bearded one
oh you're being called fly or colonize
the where I love zoo or the skinny looks
look-see my watch I put my hand over him
whoa dudes he chose me it's so happy da
yeah thanks for choosing me that works
guy named me like remembers your face
that's like oh that's shame is ashamed
in lost weight you'd still recognize
when you come back like words connected
you changed you know you anymore
are you ready to go for a drive
I'm ready let me try that's like a
Superman in it toast all yarns backing
for to charge boost push word about the
celery okay
the devil is no collector fight for you
Drupal
I feel like my arms are like tired
hahaha oh you play turns to taste gonna
show you steer scoot over you have to
stand in the boxes oh so you just
identified you country boy trust
it's Grandma and Grandpa's turn he's
ready you better not lose dad I don't
know what dad you got to drive the car
I need instructions don't put your hands
out there those are instructions no like
you're driving a steering wheel you're
not on a motorcycle there you go mom you
ready
that's like turbo boost you pulled back
to set the turbo boost and push forward
and you launched fast here we go
- are you going
so look you pull back and it search
surgeon hold it back
what are you doing recently that record
there's no texting and driving
no sirree we'll make that motion
here's having fun is that awesome you
got to keep your hands up keep your
hands up are you getting tired it's a
good workout huh look at you print start
you're gonna get your driver's license
next week you're doing so good some
tyrunt is moving all over the place he's
working the tongue action oh yeah those
are power boots for the ages
give it to him son tard whoa break this
car doing the backflip with the truck
yeah quick to start is that fun just
like don't bug me dad I'm winning a race
here I'm winning a race Oh
centaur no sunshine one princess I got
eight turn whoa Oh
I don't think that's the move in the
game dude
hey what he was doing your butt cheeks
okay open to go over well as you can see
it's fun for everybody
these guys are loving it and I'm sure
son tart and Princess are are gonna be
playing this more than anybody unless I
catch mommy tart here late at night
planet I guarantee that will happen my
hot tub seat is over I think the kids
would appreciate times I did some very
exuberant splashing I think baby turn
would be very pleased with my expert
splashing that I displayed well I was in
the hot tub because she likes to
exuberantly splash class thank you guys
thank you for being so patient I know
you guys are always so angry when I come
to film other videos in LA or Toronto
holy cow a phrase that my school
civilian kind of I mean it was love you
guys see you soon
I'm gonna get in the hot shower okay
love you bye
