so
bouncing baby boy bouncing baby boy who
likes to bite his finger bouncing baby
boy build those muscles in your legs
baby boy hey what's up it's day after
Thanksgiving and I am here oh it's like
I've been gone for a week so as soon as
I get back the girls are like peace
we're out so I am here with five kids
watching all of them and mommy tart and
Carly and my mom I went to the movie and
went shopping and I'm stuck here in this
house little brats I'm watching some
football if you like college football
this is a huge game Auburn undefeated
oh-oh-oh and Alabama I say roll tide go
Alabama I'm rooting for Alabama because
I want them to beat Auburn because I
don't want a burn to be undefeated
anymore because I'm a Boise State
Broncos fan I just spit on the lens
that's how big of a fan I am so if you
do keep up with college football you
know that this is a huge game and that
if Bob or loses this and then that's
gonna kind of like take them out of the
possibility of going to the national
championship this is a very
controversial topic because everybody's
like oh boy see they don't deserve to be
in the BCS Championship but yes they do
they have the longest undefeated winning
streak of any college team out there
they've won like 25 games in a row or
something like that and better than all
of that guess what I got check it out
we're going to the very last game of the
season Boise State against Utah State in
Boise I got eight tickets for my friends
and family are you excited to go see the
Boise Broncos play are you excited you
probably won't go because you're too
small oh the opening touchdown of the
Iron Bowl Alabama just scored will tie
I'm super excited to go to this Boise
game because I hope Boise beats Nevada
tonight because then when we go to their
very last game they'll still be
undefeated and it'll just be awesome so
I'm super pumped we're going on December
4 to go see the Boise State Broncos play
the Utah State Aggies I think they'll
definitely wedding cuz Utah State it's
not very good my boys watched us
Toulouse you do
holdin the living room carpet down
that's my job
my name's Malachi I'm a good boy I
crossed my legs when I take a nap okay
let's go see what the other four kids
are doing and Carly put out a movie on
in her room for them let's go see if
they're behaving what's going on in here
you guys watching the movie what are you
watching
oh I love TV and movies best babysitter
ever invented hung guys all right you
guys behave all right I'll be downstairs
working on the computer I love you I
love you oh so sweet precious little
angel for you little red riding-hood
yes tard little red riding-hood tard I'm
a wolf I'm going to eat you up mama
where we going you guys dassey's right
what are we going to buy is that the
most exciting thing you've ever bought I
don't think you know a snowblower it's
like a lot what do you think it is I
think it's kinda yeah you're pretty
close basically it's kind of like a
lawnmower you get it and it has this
wheel and it cuts up the snow and it
shoots it out really far one of those Oh
do you watch our next-door neighbor do
it and he was shooting the snow out to
the side
no it's because Carly me and Cooper
tired we're stuck in the snow while we
were going to run oh you are in the
neighbor had to come help you out yeah
you excited to go to snow blower yes
you guys didn't help me buy it you are
you any money yeah you do how much $5 $5
where'd you get $5
huh grandma grandma who grandma great
nope that's grandma great grandma
there's grandma and then grandma great
that's my grandma your great grandma
she's one who did the worm yesterday oh
yeah oh yeah why'd you give you five
bucks when's your birthday
next Friday what's the date December 3rd
how old are you gonna be 7 you're gonna
be 7 years old dude you are a little man
let me see your 5 bucks why did she give
it to you what she said here I'm gonna
give this you're gonna do with that
money dude Oh Lincoln you got a Lincoln
you know who that dude is on the front
of the the dog though what's it called
freak the money what's his name it's
what have Lincoln oh yeah the best hands
was maple sugar ham honey we have some
ham Lincoln Logs I want some ham Lincoln
you have any ham Lincoln his name's
Abraham Lincoln Abraham he was the
President of the United States of
America and I am now three more dollars
where they are you do yep eight bucks no
I do have more not four bucks no you
have eight cuz look five that's five
right I know you have four bills there's
four separate bills but this is five six
seven eight you have more money than you
have years on this earth rich dog you
know it can I have all that money to buy
a snow blower I'd really need help dude
I'm kind of low on cash can you help me
how much is it it's gonna be I don't
know like 300 bucks it'll really help
the family out
you all give me eight bucks I'll give
you my Pig think of money rock guard
no one cares we're vlogging over here
huh learn how to crawl then maybe
we'll respect you more give this to you
yes my all right you know I'm just
kidding dude you can keep your money hey
what's your problem huh you have
problems over here you have a problem
what is that bad honey
it's from a count that I have it's close
now I didn't have it open anymore are we
leaving yet come on
print tard we gotta go buy a snow blower
we knows my snow blowers all the time
let's go we're going to get snow blower
with Schmo tarde over here and son tard
the richest seven-year-old in all of the
state of Idaho I guarantee that every
comments like what eight nine hundred
dollars weird look at the little puppy
look at the little puppy it's a sleepy
little puppy are you sleepy little puppy
you got your get your decked out oh oh
yeah jab him in the eyeball that's what
he likes I know that's what I would like
I'd like to be poked right in the
eyeball thanks baby car she's like okay
I'll do it again
you little bunion
trying to decide which snowblower to get
and I think I like this one the kind of
expensive they're more expensive than I
thought when I get a decent ones snow
tech that looks like a pretty good one I
think we're gonna go with that one cuz
it's a 28 inch and that's only 24 inch
share at Home Depot
we're gonna go double check Sears real
quick to do a little cross shopping it's
a cult comparison shopping
I said Cross shopping gonna be we change
it could be cross swapping do you wanna
do some cross shopping you can week
comparison shop woolly cross dress
that's a new thing
let's go P tard come on Pete town tard
let's go see some dance moves from you
you don't want dance what you're a
worker ma'am okay you're not doing a
very good job of working come on baby
charred Oh got a little hill Oh what are
you gonna do all right this is not gonna
end good but let's just check it out
let's see you go somebody's about to get
wet dude you know I love you but that
was a super Lam missed it okay let's go
check out store number two for
snowblowers the craftsman 25 horsepower
36 inch auger demand tool of all meant
what's up are you a man you give me your
man look I want that one that one's
yours they'll clear out the snow and
then later on you could put the
lawnmower attachment on the bottom for
summertime it's not a toy it's a tool
tools
to get jobs done that you want to sit on
that one no I better not
this is what they be turns talking about
she's talking about the scene from the
sword in the stone daddy's heart it's
red
Wow Wow
we got a snowblower you know what that
means it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas everywhere you go then sleigh
bells ringing ting ting two friends are
calling you
around here
why'd you put your suit on backwards boy
Rex all right
go get it see you later you're cute so
cute we just got done snow blowing the
driveway and now we're watching our two
favorite teams the Utah Jazz and the
Boise Broncos as are beating the Lakers
right now there's Kobe's Oh
Kobe ties it up no all the Lakers just
went up by one come on Kobe where you
ask sucka that's my two favorite teams
the Utah Jazz and the Boise State
Broncos I call right now I call I call
her my favorite teams you guys can have
them into your favorite teams either I
guess I win I'm flipping back and forth
between channels between the Jazz and
the Broncos the Broncos are playing
Nevada today and I'm like so in to the
Broncos now because we're going to their
game on December 4th I'm like so pumped
what are you doing to find the saran
wrap cherry pie
look I only have a cherry pie around
here somewhere there's one it's so cold
even to go in the garage mommy there
that's butter coat and her boots they
are on backwards you don't sweat you
know those boots are from the great boot
the ass full of 2009 do you remember I
do who out there remembers the great
boot fiasco 2009 if you do remember you
are a true shea tardy you've been around
for a while now it's crazy times crazy
times in a weary world high 31 31 I
don't like these I
come on sets up he's chucking it open
open
Wow time out time out time out
oh my goodness gracious mommy darkness
one second look at this play his play he
throws it 60 yard heat shut your crap
out of it
timeout timeout right there right there
oh my gosh so crazy kick the field goal
they're gonna kick the field goal to win
it we did it honey the Boise State
Broncos are still undefeated
I think they gotta kick it right now oh
yeah oh my gosh I'm sorry I'm sorry
let's breathe let's let's get some
oxygen in the lungs this is the closest
game that we've had man oh gosh hurry up
this is oh it's it's a 31 - 31 there's
one there's two seconds left
I thought it went in
I thought it went in holy crap
no I thought it went in its how do you
miss that dude
we're going to overtime come on it's the
pressure he gets a second chance at
overtime
he missed it again so bad man I'm so
disappointed that the kicker missed two
- easy easy kicks any highschool kicker
in the nation could have made these
kicks
they were like 30 yards or less or
something pathetic easy ooh
Boise State should have oneness you know
it's over we lost but we're still going
to the game on December 4th but they
would have been sort of underwear under
faded I'm so angry deer kicker if you
watch my videos I love you don't don't
feel bad everybody makes mistakes
