we'll come to the Shaytards look at
these Duke erosions that's nice holy
couch all rocked our look at you
freestyling as I look at me dad look
what I got
love it do you love it yeah how it is
nice you like it yeah liked it a lot I
saw one that I actually liked revolt was
a little more cash movin and I saw this
and I'm like this is fashionable and
something very little do-hickey well do
it he's a citizen a hickey City put
stuff in it is there like an opening
yeah oh that's where the kids go get in
there baby tired after you live okay
bye see you later oh you guys like my
new furniture I'm gonna sleep on my kids
has ever gotten in this yet no what was
that like not the first thing you did he
doesn't take your daddy coming home to
show you we can do as a kid we gotta fit
into cooled small I hid that from you
know them though I didn't tell them that
operates the star will be in there
forever
where'd she go are you are this looks
good dude let me check this
let me pretend like I'm just fat lazy
sit on this couch you like good
I can sleep on this couch I can watch
football on this couch good it had four
recliners is it after walls recliners
yeah four of them you gotta pull the
lever yeah you can oh don't worry it
took me four days if I'm at there we go
nice huh new light baby card all kids
rip daddy's feet he had a long hard trip
hey wait a second life mom's making a
turkey and clean the house and making
rolls I think I need money when's dinner
gonna be ready by the way I don't know
sighs my feet oh wait I have boots on I
love it you're like smiling you're like
did you I guess isn't the video
yesterday yeah let's show this a little
bit better this is our family picture
there's one petard
there's me look at mommy's boots and
there's sundar holden rocked our there's
brick star there's baby guard not as
cute it's over here we have me holding
mommy tard in my arms and then
everybody's got to be holding somebody
that is adorable I love it guys ready to
see this fine bird mommy tard whipped up
gonna be a delicious one smells so good
in here
tell us about your bird Wow those books
are alive and then it was dead
and we reverb murderer we open it what
preparing it I was like okay I'm
vegetarian now really big brother yeah
open it can we open up your sided
SunGard look up this spread
oh yeah there's the rolls
mom I'm vlogging here you need the
juices of the turkey you're gonna put
them in here or what are you doing dad's
making the tater a shoe the chair good
she's caught on the pot and mom's gonna
make the gravy cake what are you making
lazy
oh he buttered the rolls what are you
making babies punch him in the face hit
him hit him harder
that was a girl hit oh oh he's so solid
solid as rock solid safeguard excited
yeah
are you doing to my bird okay we're
about to unveil the juices mommy what do
you want to use the juices to make the
mom gasps amazing Barbie it's butter oh
gee Mia gave me outdoor but pick it up
look grandma great box is my grandma
ham
oh my goodness
so much food there's all bought load we
are well black we have sufficient for
our needs
we are transferring the patient to a new
bed
who needs apologies it's gonna fall
apart you gotta get them underneath it's
like come on doctor we don't have much
time
oh can you grab it you guys are such
great chugs mm you forgot happy lost
half the patient oh look at that
that's nice fall-off-the-bone yeah it is
okay here's your juices come make your
gravy hey tender oh it's so much like
it's liked best good job mommy tard way
to make a delicious turkey you're the
best you don't have to sleep in the snow
tonight it's a hot kc8 awake fight
myself hot no I'm gonna get this bag up
okay so you know how every year the kids
to sit at the kids table these guys hey
you know any each other with the turkey
bones no and other with turkey bones
this is a non turkey bone hitting
Thanksgiving you guys like it is it good
okay sit down eat all your food don't
spill give me that thing what is doing
with this crazy kids
there's old Rock tard you have to eat
later dude you do your bouncing those
are your chores hundred bounces before
you get to eat Thanksgiving dinner we're
finally using our big dining room for
once hey everybody how's it taste so
delicious nice the yams are delicious
grandma
oh there's mine right there all right do
it
hi okay three helpings yeah you have
three helpings
can you see dude you can't see what he's
jumping days rock garden go where dude
who's your uncle kg stinky hat on your
head pick it up there he is
there's the baby boy
ah I know he's like I didn't scratch it
off
oh boy you have some turkey yes to
Turkey nose oh dude daddy's not hurt
she's doing the worm baby jar can you do
the worm let's see do the worm watch
Braley do it she's doing the worm can
you do the worm let's see do the worm go
let's see do it Harley let's see do the
worm gauge come do the worms oh he's
like ready look at him that's the best
worm ever we're doing the worm on
Thanksgiving let's see your worm Cooper
yeah uncle KC's gonna show you guys how
it's done
watch out uncle gates to show you how
it's done oh it's so wormy oh there's
the worm that's the one she all right
how'd you do that you just ain't do the
worm grandma you're ruining my
Thanksgiving if you don't do it hi what
slogan does there goes grandma no the
worm house better than you KC come on
mama D you know I can't get through
it's a worm of Thun look at Malachi's
holding the baby
you holding the baby oh sorry sorry
sorry you're doing a dance okay let's go
what is that watch out don't step on
rock whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
hey Logan and grandma are doing the
wishbone what are you guys gonna wish
for secret temperature okay ready one
two three
Oh grandma tell us your wish yeah what
was your wish was it about a girl you
laser was about Justin Bieber I wanted
to pose your waist grandma good health
and safety for everybody all right now
we're not now's not gonna come true I'm
having a heart attack
what's going on in here what is this
nonsense painting of the hair
what's with the painting of the hair we
started to crawl yet you gonna crawl yet
not yet
hope was centered son dad was like seven
months we started crawling yeah it was a
little over seven months like seven and
a half months what are you doing dine
your roots huh we're making her roots
darker yeah well darker you're melting
her head good it's about time do you
guys remember the chair that we got baby
thar the other day we said asti baby
tarts chair show us your chair present
it to us
tada do you love it you love it so nice
so many kids why there's so many kids
everywhere show us your present that you
got do you like your chair i Prince
Esther got that tray let's see you sit
in it what are you doing it the first
night she got it what did you want to do
you wanted to sleep in it huh
can't sleep in a chair silly face for
city
I would do if I won if I had to check
out what are you thinking about there
what would you do princess are my I
wonder what am I thinking
babies are do hmm
there it is you crazy kids where you got
the hockey foot you get the golf club
there huh cutie mommy card also hung up
all these individual pictures of the
kids I don't know if she showed us our
pictures gonna go there it's not here
yet
oh well Thanksgivings over every is
pretty much left and there's a giant
mess left over this is the aftermath of
Thanksgiving
oh my Hannah Montana Malachi look at all
that yeah I have enough food to eat for
seven years holy crapoly now okay what's
a turkey what's a turkey you let some
turkey come here
he has been just salivating all day long
he won't leave the kitchen and I
actually have given him quite a bit
enjoyed a few pieces should we give him
peace guys we want to give him this
piece he likes the dirt for me go to
boos sit sit shake shake shake shake my
hand
what's that sit so clean sit and sit sit
sit
now I sit like this like this the boy Oh
daddy you're the best daddy I've ever
had I'm gonna go in here new to Casey
are you gonna buy one of my hats and
shirts
I told them I'd get them a discount
district lines comm /a Carl finally we
got some hats some shirts some PDF and P
shirts some hey I'm vlogging here shirts
a couple options and two of those hats
I'm excited to get finally I promise you
guys forever shirts and hats are now
available link tink tink is in the sink
deep that was stupid let's take that
from the top what are you laughing at
well sometimes you can't always be cool
with your vlog you know sometimes you
say stupid things they're gonna be doing
some hoodies a lot you guys wanted some
odious where'd you get those and they
even talking about maybe doing a bumper
sticker this is hey I'm vlogging here so
check it out link to my pants district
lines calm / shade - Carl you go get
some stuff right now for the holidays
Merry Christmas we have a tow grabber
what's he doing he was grabbing his toes
hey hi Simon
try to grab your toes look look here's
your toe join it throw your toe you want
to have it you can have it it's yours
look ease right away kissing your
brother cuteness in bed in bed oh oh
yeah let's see that frowny face again
see Frank this Oh pick your nose wait
hold still dude yes in my hair I just
watch still tongue oh no you're eating
it oh you ate your boogers oh darn it
his own boogers you just do you ate your
own boogers nasty what are you doing Oh
what are you doing let's see something
let's say don't are you gonna jump yeah
let's see it jump okay let's see your
hair what do you got in your hair crazy
yes thank you okay punk rocker
thank you doing a purple do ya what do
you have one to print to starred I'm
sorry come here
let's see you picking your hair why is
it fresh oh cool Haley put doesn't like
you using his toothbrush he has
gingivitis you know he's married oh no
oh no headlock careful you're gonna
shove that toothbrush right down through
all right come on go brush your teeth
quit beating your sister up dryer face
off are these little short people right
here like you that your towel cuz you're
short yeah all right in bed guys let's
go in bed I'll punch right in the nose I
don't care I start Stern the field
you wanna film okay here what are you
gonna film you tell me you say what you
want to film what should we do you
should press ENTER I'm gonna punch enjoy
punch them in the arm or the kids and
the back in the buck
we're out punching in the face
ready
brimstone what I'll punch him kidney
shot right here kidney right there let's
do one condition anywhere else
yeah go ahead give me one - OH
aggressive don't you think yeah okay
you punch baby turn okay gonna punch me
we're gonna punch me gonna punch me in
the face in the belly
yes okay okay pink one to six oh do it
again
go again alright everybody in bed let's
go
I'm not promoting violence it's just
family unity hey hey we're not killing
each other
