welcome to the shades arts and now it's
time for you to become an official agent
of secret stuff but before I give you
your honorary operative license
entitlement you have one more sir
without the respect and the body-mind
might be traitors guys I need your
attention this for one second shut up we
have a new student also George
you know YouTube is definitely new media
YouTube is definitely like the industry
that's growing right now people don't
really understand it but you know I
think we're surrounded with a group of
people that really understand all right
I agree with the whole became juice in
the movie so here's the movie it's
called agent of the secret stuff with
cats and cheese Smosh
hi I'm Ron or all minutes we got secret
the VIP these party passes I can only
try to get one of the starts with Rose
no ladies
photobomb that picture let's see if I
just say put my hand in there he doesn't
see me
on YouTube right now so you guys go
watch what we just watched in the
theater makes my pants go watch it
that's an acronym press and as possible
okay see you later and thank you for the
camerawork relays in her van oh hi guys
okay today's the day we got to make it
back to Idaho I missed it I've missed
the giant storms mommy tired says that
had just been pounded like eight inches
of snow everybody's getting stuck in the
streets that's like my favorite time
it's like pandemonium and there's like
cars everywhere and snow I'm gonna get
stuck and people are dying for snow
balls look at my little baby car little
bubble hey bubble car for daddy
because hopefully we make it I've
already heard that there's been some
flights into Salt Lake cancelled so I'm
nervous that the weather it's not gonna
get involved right with my family for
Thanksgiving you guys are along the ride
for the ride huh that didn't make sense
here we go let's see we can make it I
want to tell you a quick story about
this fine gentleman right here yesterday
I was at the Los Angeles Airport waiting
for my flight to come back home to my
family for Thanksgiving and these two
girls were sitting at this table they
got up and left and one of them left her
iPhones sitting on the table not
realizing that she had left it there
this guy sat down right after her and
saw that somebody had left their phone
there he then proceeded to call every
phone number in that girl's phone trying
to get her her phone back I heard him on
the phone saying hey I have her phone
I'm at the same table she was at she'd
come get it I know she might be late for
a flight but I'll sit here and wait for
her until she comes get it he's looking
around
I was just spying on this guy the whole
time there she comes she finally makes
it she's so happy
she's like even holds it up to her chest
like hugs it like Oh what would I do
without it thank you so much this guy is
a stud muffin look at the smile on his
face that's the reward for doing good
people well done sir so to you good sir
you are the best person in the war
I don't know who you are or where you're
at today but I wish you a Happy
Thanksgiving
it's the little things like that that
make this world the great place it is
and I watched you yesterday and I
thought you did an amazing thing and you
definitely went above and beyond what I
think most people would expect somebody
to do to help somebody get their stuff
back so you sir are the best person in
the world to me at that moment and I
wish you a Happy Thanksgiving whoever
you are
okay back to the vlog finally going over
to my family this is the celebration
flight this can all celebrate
who wouldn't we're going right now
la Dido hopefully the snow let me in
that drive home I'm excited actually
because I love the snow it's very hard
check it out
check out the snow and ice oh geez just
fell
dude this is crazy it is ice and snow
and ice and snow here at Salt Lake
Airport there's out of a truck or the
truck it's a full snow holy crap
how you been little track are you gonna
start for me oh my goodness gracious
this is awesome this is my weather this
is what I grew up in this is I'm in
shorts by the way I'm in shorts I do
have a long-sleeve shirt on but my
goodness I feel like I missed out I feel
like I've missed the party that's why I
told my mom today what she called me
it's like that's my kind of weather I
missed the party here we are at the Salt
Lake Airport every car is completely
covered with snow and ice my truck is
full of snow in the back and I wouldn't
have it any other way I love it it's
exciting I have to drive two hours home
Tiida ho but this is this is awesome
like this is what I expect
Wow alright here we go you guys ready
for this we made at home well we're
close there's still two hours of driving
with a lot of snow nice on the road so
what let's see what happens we could
still die it's still a serious situation
baby we're zero we're still on the very
verge of the prep of the precipice of
danger whoo all the breath oppressive
dangerous very dangerous pull my stress
my spittle is freezing my faith okay bye
Oh oh it died it took like five minutes
and started a film exercise where it
isn't a star but it just and it's
hopefully it starts again
like a belts loose
all right we first started the pork
trucks been sitting here for like what
like a week right six or seven days and
the last four days has been snow and
freezing cold that started up I could be
stuck here but uh we're up and running
I'm just gonna grab my suitcase I know
some people hate this kind of stuff this
is my this is like my favorite I love it
I know
are you okay well old flame who are you
like well I just I just like the smell I
like I can I spent a lot that's the main
reason I'm chubby chubby you will sweat
so I like the sweater so sue me
okay here we go there is Salt Lake City
alrighty then I should not probably be
vlogging because his roads are snowy and
icy so I'm headed I don't know if I'm
gonna go all the way to Idaho that might
stop at my brother's house and stay
there
because the roads kind of bad and kind
of tired so maybe I'll just stop my
brother's house and spend the night
there and then we're all going to our
house tomorrow morning for the
Thanksgiving they're coming to our house
and my grandparents my parents
when my mom and my wife my kids every my
dog my my my chest hair it's all
gonna be there everybody's gonna be at
Thanksgiving tomorrow all right so let's
go see Casey my brother earlier by the
way I met Billy Bush at the airport
Billy Bush from extra like the radio DJ
the dude who's on TV wait cool dude he's
just standing there baggage the carousel
and I'm like standing there waiting for
my bag
and I look at him like it's Billy Bush
Billy Bush from the TV anyways this way
cool and some daughters and his wife
they're like dad that's not our suitcase
you grabbed the wrong suitcase off the
carousel and then just joking I was like
Billy Bush steals look you should salt
like International Airport and his
daughter looked to be a lamp and he was
way nice anyways that he just tweeted me
I tweeted that I helped him with his
luggage then he tweeted me back so hey
Billy Bush stud muffin welcome to Salt
Lake
even though I'm I know but I hope you
guys have a happy thanks to me okay here
we go we're driving we're driving to
Utah well we're in you two already it's
all okay let's go to my brother's house
come on guys let's go follow me follow
in the like getting like finally headed
home this is the final leg of my journey
I was it been like a week like it's been
like a month or something I've been home
say the cases house last night there's
somebody watching them grow up that age
turns Oh check it out doctor mommy tired
she's up it Thanksgiving ready and my
grandparents are there my mom and dad
are there hey KC can they're gonna be
right behind me other
and we're gonna have the bestest turkey
day ever since we got places to go
let it snow let it snow let us see I
love it I live so brimming with joy and
happiness I love the snow that's all
understand of this combination of
Christmas music crisp cold air and White
Mountains make me so happy like memories
stacked upon good times sandwiched in
between memories it's just like so happy
like 20 minutes from a highway to see my
family I cry I'm gonna vomit crime
oh mama crying sign of true joy merry
holidays everybody
a few really all the way home
every mile I get closer to my home the
more jolly I feel Oh
Oh big cross big you're doing it to me
son
see cross me I think
I know
Oh
I'm not flogging right now I'm just
showing you my joy and this shower my
joy to you here it is any
Hey hey guys hey guys try to see my joy
yeah I'll show it to you hold on
okay bye enough joy for you enough
joyfulness start browning again
