hello you guys it's the day before
Thanksgiving and we have been working so
hard have Ally Carly the Hoover Guard to
clean this house and get it decorated
because ever since we've moved in I've
kind of just been relaxed about
decorating and when he said he's gonna
be gone for a whole week I was like
sweet I'm gonna get it all done I'm
gonna surprise him here's this mirror I
found for the dining room and these are
our family pictures that we took he has
no idea that I got them okay you can't
see its glaring he's lifting me up right
there can you had to see that he has no
idea that I got these framed and blown
up and Stephanie from all sorts of
decorations so we are so excited to show
him there's one other huge surprise he
doesn't know about he has noticed that
I've been taking some money out of this
account like he doesn't know what I've
been buying so this is the biggest
surprise that he is going to love are
you ready
coaches yeah yeah and the pillows are
already messed up we got new couches so
are you guys excited yeah
are you missing daddy yet like sweet we
haven't been in front of the camera for
a whole week we've gotta go crazy baby
silly Oh
so Jay can't get mad at me for spending
all this money because these couches are
for him right that way when people come
over for Thanksgiving tomorrow we'll all
have a place to sit instead of people
sitting on the floor cuz before we only
had two chairs really kind of lame we're
having Thanksgiving at our house
tomorrow with olive Shay's family and
it's just a perfect time for him to come
home or so happy we've got the turkey
preparing it's thawing in the sink and
we're gonna be cooking some pies and
some rolls that's all of my contribution
for Thanksgiving is the house turkey
pies and the rolls here's some other
pictures that we took we don't have the
Center picture right here son chard came
upstairs Niwas mom why is there a random
picture
in the middle I said cuz mom and dad's
isn't back yet but here is princess hard
isn't that precious
hers rocked hard pull cares baby tarde
she's so cute crossing her legs like a
lady and son tarde that's me that's what
we've done to get the house ready for
shake a moment for Thanksgiving I am so
happy for Thanksgiving this for you guys
I'm very thankful for a new house for
for everything for you guys for watching
our videos I mean we have so much to be
thankful for and just have a great thing
skipping ok thanks bye
