okie-dokie hi you guys mad at me or are
we breaking up always seeing other
people are you guys are you guys seeing
other people I don't you guys I have not
been on top of the farm
well let's dress okay can you see I'm
stressed it's like the kind of stresses
are just like dripping off you
it's the drippy kind of dress I know
you're thinking Shay that's the worst
kind of stress like all the stresses
there are there stresses the drippy kind
is worse it's like oozing at my face
drippy stress eNOS you don't care you
don't want the excuses oh my Hannah
Montana
hey California why don't you have more
cars than everybody else in the world so
it's hard to drive places it's so funny
cuz everybody's thinking the exact same
thing look at this traffic would you
believe this you believe this traffic oh
I hate living a city only in LA only in
lru traffic like this on a Tuesday it's
a Tuesday like a the polarity to tow day
oh sorry this lady I wish sometimes I
had like multiple cameras so you guys
could see people's reactions sometimes
when I'm vlogging there's this lady
right here I don't want to like number
too much in that car sitting there like
staring at me like what is he doing
looks like screaming she's still looking
I'm like nervous does keep vlogging cuz
she's straight I mean our kids are
looking at me it's okay I'm okay
I'm vlogging here anyway so um just let
them shoot at the station shot like
eight videos today a bunch of station
two videos you guys be checking out we
shot one another another one so many
videos I've lost track but now I'm going
back to my hotel to take a shower I just
talked to mommy tarde she said it's like
eight inches of snow there and it's
supposed to be eight degrees when I get
back in town thank you so she's worried
about me even be able to drive because I
have to pick up my truck in Salt Lake
and drive to Idaho and the snow like the
roads are so bad right now so hopefully
I get home for Thanksgiving I'm leaving
tomorrow and tonight we're going to Ryan
has a movie premiere you know nigahiga
on YouTube and Kassem G and hi I'm Ron
and it was produced and made by
wongfuproductions and a pump we're all
gonna go see that tonight and I'll try
to get some footage of that actually but
this is just gonna be a one take one car
driving to the hotel vlog that's what we
call these we have these every three
weeks and two days one take drive in the
car to the hotel vlog that's we're gonna
call it make a bumper sticker out of it
if you want anyway so that's what's
going on the kids are doing good
mommy turns sending me like iPhone
videos or the kids saying hi to me and
stuff like that and we did a little bit
of FaceTime you have to have like
high-speed wireless and the hotel's kind
of crappy wireless so I miss them so
much I talked to him every day I haven't
I've been talking to them more than I
talk to you it's like every time that I
get a chance where I'm like oh like
you'd like vlog right now I like call
mommy thar to talk to the kids and stuff
so I'm sorry I didn't you guys my
family's been coming first so uh okay
that's it I need to get over this person
right oh look you have my Mercedes can I
get over you're very fortunate in life
to have one of those vehicles look at my
blinker he's flashing at you I got like
the smallest car I'm like the dad of the
Incredibles when he's in that little
tiny car it's like a white bubble if you
guys can see it it's kind of pathetic
okay I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace love harmony
