great tard I don't even know if I'm
covering the mic I don't know how this
thing works
yeah what happens if there's a shaycarl
video that shaycarl was not in I'm
alright considering and subscribing tell
me more
well waiting for Shay to finish pooping
so we can go film a fun Santa Claus
video that's it son who are you playing
Santa Claus
Craig Claus who's shapelin Shay Claus
he's delivering a line from the video I
don't know if you can hear him it's kind
of like an inside joke but that the
audience doesn't oh you get it so how's
it going hundreds of thousands of people
it's going good
if this is put into the final he better
you better put this then you know Shay
doesn't like coffee yeah that's that's
crazy I love I love I very much love
coffee that's something you won't see on
Shaytards show you drinking coffee hotel
it's gonna tell now what well know me
drinking cup anyone drinking coffee
I'm sure somebody's drink coffee in the
history of state times then you whatever
drink coffee on Shaytards before
why are you in Canada wheezywaiter
I already explained has anyone ever
you're treating coffee I am too okay
we're running we're about to see a giant
waterfall oh my goodness gracious
holy crap okay it's at night and you
guys can't see this this is a giant
river that runs into a giant hole and
that makes the waterfall I've seen
bigger this is super cool and it's
really um humid or there's a lot of mist
in the air because of all the water
going over the falls this is so cool
Sadie it's brisk oh my gosh do that's
right on the edge you commit suicide
right here stir don't commit suicide
right here
look at that that that is that is
intense
no you thought we're gonna jump we're
not jumping we have so much to live for
well I'm like dude look at that
I wish we're here during the day and
hard to save it is impressive I mean
you'd die if you if you just jumped
right there I know it'd be so cold it's
a legal prison Peter this is yeah it's
really really cool
you guys have to trust me on this we
can't really see it but it's impressive
here you can tell her that's America
right I know
the jobs and flirt the posies hey Shay
don't fall
balls aren't ready to fight me
a little dirt
oh it's cold this is so cool I want to
come here during the day maybe one day
but if you see you know the video it's
hard to see
you can see me though maybe instead of
the false right right rebellion nights
good alright with our cats are
inevitable are copies waiting okay oh
that's great dude oh that's sweet when
we were late we'll get a better shot I
was a pretty high no that's good dude
that I'm surprised to turn off that good
the flash was on that later where you
wrote it to go back to her taxi cab he
was nice enough let's now connect this
how Canadians who so Canada is we're
like hey can you just stop at the false
and an American thing no I gotta get my
next fare but here he's like sure go
check out here's the best spot it's no
running back to the CAF and now we're
going there
we're there and that says casino that's
where we're going we made it that says
casino three hundred to a million people
Cory I tell
oh this is cool okay I'll tell you what
we're doing
um we just did a little bit of B and E
and if you're not good at acronyms that
stands for breaking and entering we
could get in a lot of trouble for this
problem with we're in Niagara Falls at a
hotel and we're on the 51st floor this
is the very top floor of the hotel and
for some reason how do you know about
this place
oh okay I is it a false alarm the hotel
goes up to the 50th floor well we should
get away from the elevators we should
probably go down and then on the 51st
floor this is the very top floor
apparently they're building a restaurant
up here and one time Cory was what you
say you're trying to address a girl that
was with a girl that wanted to bring her
up here and we got to the 50th floor and
I really wanted to get to the 51st floor
so should we tell them how we did it no
that's it but uh I out of sheer
willpower curiosity and curiosity and
wanting to impress this girl we made our
way up to the 51st floor and now I have
brought these guys so apparently he
wants to impress us near my date and I
try to make out with us I guess get
wheezy
Oh such critic ooh sticks in there I
mean this thing's so loud please sort of
America if I see America yeah you guys
have to say that before I salute America
before it's boring this is Canada
wheezywaiter I'm subscribing to you on
YouTube you're so funny we were shooting
very close to here and then we just went
8:00 at the Boston Pizza I got the ribs
to the honey barbecue and they're
delicious and now we're just thought
we'd come over here to check out the
sights and we're on the 51st floor in
Niagara Falls in Canada and obviously
it's under construction and you're not
supposed to be in here and we maybe are
acting like babies acting like it's a
bigger deal than it really is
that's pretty cool I mean wreckin heard
anything yeah we just want to see the
view and so here it is this is the 51st
floor what do you have to say about
yourself wheezy waiter if you like
dancing
he's so joyful I look out joyfully it's
Oh No now we need a week good like the
best dancin give me hey you kids get out
of here okay we're gonna go down now
anyways we're having us there's Canada
and America and water and it's all here
hey what's going on
you know it's like you're afraid to like
crush your person you ever feel that way
you're afraid to totally break every
person's I'm afraid to have Krupp to
crush people mentally like he's so smart
with my
Jerzy
all right we're at the Toronto Airport
and wheezywaiter is leaving us he's
headed back to Chicago he has to go to
his friend's birthday party or some lame
stuff like that say bye say bye wheezy
waiter Phi Y Z waiter why you one
Kannada wheezy waiter a new video will
shake ho ho
you guys go subscribe to hear me so
funny anyway so obviously fly it
love you bye okay let's go to get the
car Craig Lolo somehow way down into
maja I know the rounds of pictures
alright so I'm leaving Canada was a fun
trip every Canadian person I met was
nice and flight not one person was rude
it was an amazing trip I love to hear
as a possum I had a blast
Oh campuses Madi Ohio I went from
Toronto to here it's really nice I flew
all like coming into Cincinnati really
nice houses that look like really open
area we've never been here is the first
time I've ever been to Cincinnati Ohio
so we live here hi
and the good news I was hung he's on the
last row on the airplane in the middle
that's like one of the worst seems to
have and I just went up it said hey like
a row or a little better than this one
let me check now I'm in the sixth row
window seat nobody next so much goes the
six rows turning the open and you can
have the window seat
with nobody next to you I was like yes
she goes now give you a little more
elbow room I said yeah I have lots of
elbows so like I said it never hurts to
ask is what's the worst I could say no
you can deal with that right now LA now
I have a big shoot starting tomorrow
to shoot all day Monday and Tuesday then
I'm headed back Wednesday we're having a
big Thanksgiving at our house with my
parents my parents my family and my
parents my parents and it's me like
finds me here we go okay guys you ready
for this here we go we're walking onto
set right now I'm here at take 180 we're
shooting a lady Gaga skit with Shane
Dawson and I have never so many Thai
clothes
check out this it's pretty awesome
American American wholesomeness I came
in okay give my outfit
oh my god Oh baby
Wow I love the elephant ears or bracelet
ears this is made out of saddle and
tires
