sleigh bells ring are you listening the
beautiful side were happy tonight
walking in a winter wonderland we are
definitely not living in California
anymore so I guess this is the first
Nostromo of what is supposed to be three
or four big snowstorms coming right up
so this is not the end it is a snowy
winter one row very slippy part a slippy
fire che is still in Canada and he he's
having a blast you guys he's getting a
lot of work done he would had a
gathering today that he went to he
called me from it and there was just
people the background screaming so
excited to see him I'm glad that he's
there having a good time we are having a
lot of fun here to actually put together
some footage from the past couple days
yeah a little bit of adventurousness
here you go enjoy the vlog for today
it's not a shave vlog it's a Katie Lapp
vlog so it will be different no worries
and he will be back to normal soon hey
you guys so baby tard and rock-hard and
I are out running some errands faint I
was up seven this guy and she goes mom a
toast scratch in the sky eject if you
can see it
that's the scratch in the sky according
to baby TARDIS so cute Shay we miss you
so much but I'm sure that you don't miss
this it's a mess and the kitchens of ass
he sorry alright so I'm tired you gonna
practice the move whoa
there's one because I have a basketball
game on Saturday again we need to
practice practice rebounding need to
practice shooting dribbling dribbling
you're doing not too bad you're doing
pretty good
we practice hard I used to be so good
practice to rebound practice party and
human really well
oh just feeeeel lazy
oh gosh oh gosh
oh that's gross his nose is all wet
this is like the most exciting thing
that's happened all day and Shay's not
here to experience it guys tell them
what happened we do have an extra tire
we got a flat tire
where are you Shay when I need you I did
learn how to do this at one point in
time but it was like when I was first
learning how to drive and so I don't
even know if I remember how to change a
tire good thing we have lots of family
in this town I can call it pulled out of
my driveway or driving down the road and
I heard this thing in my tire I'm like
what's that noise and it goes - ching
ching ching ching I get out of the car
and look at it it's a giant snot just a
little one it's a giant allen wrench
stuck in the tire that's why we are
sitting here what's what's so sad we got
a flat E
what are you doing children they've made
a home out of the back of the vehicle
where they will have to live for the
rest of their life
higher coverage on reading did you want
a Tootsie Roll why are you a rollin I
make you want to see the tire that's our
fatty and I don't know where the hole is
but it was a huge allen wrench that's
our trusty spare that I didn't even know
he had I figured every car has a spare
but I had no idea where it was we found
it in the middle I'll show you I was
like pulling everything out of the back
looking into the back and time
but it's right here it's underneath it's
underneath this part the middle part by
the baby who's so hungry
among Vermont bravery my sweet brother
is helping me change the tire as he
loves and then we're headed over to
Walmart to get some new tires my brother
got old tire off there's a nail but
that's not what made it flat roll it
over there's the hole where the allen
wrench was in laughs you decide okay now
I'll keep going keep going
they're totally blew out see that that
that is open or poor little tire it's
been through through so much pretty good
he's gonna be into the next soap opera
No No please don't me that we're in
Walmart waiting for our tires to be done
and since it happened right before
dinner time it's like you're wearing
your barbecue sauce so we got this
macaroni slowed down and we got chicken
and we got four dogs delicious and
nutritious so we're waiting for our
tires sweet you just got food in there
I just felt the food rush through my
hair
nice I love what everything so that's in
my hair okay we're waiting for our tires
to be finished and it's like 7:30 at
night they close at 8:00 hoping it'll be
done before 8:00 but who knows who's
that's what you got to deal with it's
kind of exciting isn't it sort of a
little adventure the kids will be like
mom remember that time over that time we
had a flat tire we went the Walmart we
eat dinner on a bench good times there
you go there's the Katy let and little
tart blog a great day I will see you
guys as soon as I see you and it won't
be long because we're here every day but
