so
hey Shay Carl here this is redonkulous
you know what I mean it's like it's like
if something can go wrong it will go
wrong and it has here we are baggage
clamp my flight to Buffalo has been
canceled
oh yeah my flight to Buffalo's been
canceled hey guys but they're looking at
me hi there looked anywhere so I'm gonna
call them out and say hey wait I don't
have any mix plan I can't even explain
the bull properly that's going on right
now I'll explain later
I gotta find my bag oh my goodness
gracious if I was a swearing man I'd
cuss up a storm right now I got my back
all right where's my bag I don't know
where it is I'll find it okay
cuz if I can I would I need to get a
flight to Toronto tomorrow morning if I
can I just need my bag like I can I can
I can climb up inside the carousel there
I can go look for it
I'm very nimble I know I'm a little
overweight but I can climb up in there
we've come to the point where I just I I
literally have no idea what's going on
apparently my back is going to come in
45 minutes and I have to go I'm here in
Chicago right now I have to go a rebook
a flight from here to Toronto and the
first you told me I couldn't do it until
I had my bag but that lady said I could
so let's let's just see what happens up
here Hopalong boots and a pistol that
shoots is the wish of Bonnie and then
and does a little talk and I'll go for a
walk is the hope of Janice and Jen and
mom dad can hardly wait for school to
start again every store and the happiest
night could be is the Holly that would
be on your own
ronzo yes it's Christmas
once okay I can stop shake stop
embarrassing yourself near Perth it's
6:00 in the morning where Chicago O'Hare
Airport trying to get Toronto let's see
if we can make it to well here I am at
my gate this is my fourth attempt to get
to Canada the first flight I had was
scheduled on Tuesday morning at 6:00
a.m. I missed that flight because I
passport wasn't there the next flight
was for 9:30 on Wednesday
I missed that flight because I had I
have my passport the next flight was a
350 out of Salt Lake to Chicago I made
that flight but the flight from Chicago
to Buffalo was canceled tried to stay in
a hotel in Chicago last night now I'm
here at Chicago O'Hare and I'm at my
gate at g12 and I slap what and I'm just
waiting for something to happen I let my
gate they say the flights on time I'm
just waiting for something crazy that
happened I don't know like an explosion
of some guys that are coming running
through the airport with the BB gun he's
made greased-up with barbecue sauce it's
gonna have some duck hat on I don't know
I don't know what happened something
Crazy's gonna happen and I'm not gonna
make it but I'm here at the gate one
time and put that close that close to
making it rain
here we go check it there's Canadian
people
that means jury hallelujah praise make
the sir alright let's step out into this
great white wilderness see how cold it
is sale compares to Idaho let's see if
we can see a little curry fight Dell a
little wheezy waiter I see him now yeah
vlogging and this one's for you
you can tell everybody yes you can and
this is your song I'm so glad to be here
with you guys I don't know the words
come on Greg come on manly men know the
words this song it's not and then you
can film some of that so that's what I
mean it's not even for the video that's
just like what we're doing yep
okay holy crap okay so here's what we're
doing we're at Toys R Us I don't want to
grow up I'm a Toys R Us kid everybody's
looking at me cuz I'm a douche yeah it's
either kids here I'm sorry
watch your language us we're here at
Toys R Us wow I haven't been in one of
these forever
dude look at that it's like Willy Wonka
of the toy world dude your phone's
ringing
my friends ringing Craig so
we're here with Corey Vidal and wheezy
waiter and Cory just informed me that
basically we each get two hundred
dollars to buy whatever we want what do
we do with the toys when we're done with
them
we're gonna donate them stupid I give
them to my kids yeah because for the
video it's like me and wheezy waiter can
I kind of tell the video we're gonna be
Santa Clauses and we're gonna be getting
in these fights oh and your sketches
cool anyways those are coffee at your
sketch anyways so we're gonna be getting
these big fights with these toys so
we're basically here buying toys and
we're are we competing the season by the
best toys you have two hundred dollars
we could compete but I will win well
we'll see so now we're buying a bunch
ice and it's for the video where we're
both Santa Clauses and we're basically
fighting all of the toys I'm looking for
the nerf gun oh right here I call I call
every nerf thing there is we're here
buying toys this is exciting I feel like
a kid again here is
got one of these this is this is gonna
be Craig's
it's okay yes so easy it's easy preggers
he's gonna be cutting me with this this
tree trimmer we got and we're gonna hi
Rosie how they call their Bros II like
your friends your native Rosie what's up
bro Zee put her name's Rosie so it's
like you'll bruise easy
oh no we don't know it's a Canadian
thing you won't understand
no we're not we're from okay anyways we
got all these toys that we're gonna be
using in the video
yeah one of these here you go
thanks bro Zee what does that mean you
said what's up Rosie like that
circulated okay sorry I'm in it
sorry Rosie do you think you would
change the name to bro Z though probably
not that's yeah
yo bro Z anyway it's that look check us
out we fought for 10 minutes over there
where they get the green shirt add one
or this one
you like let me grow better babies oh
yeah yeah expect that in the alligator
pit and no easy way to near you what is
it oh is it bad that's naughty who is it
Keenan oh the kid yeah yeah yeah he does
like music parodies he like a 50 cents
50 cent was in one of his videos he
follows me on Twitter even if he is from
Chicago he was on the Chelsea Handler
show he's your clone that's what all
those gunshots were you just thought it
was a Chicago crime thanks Rosie
love you that was creepy let's go all
right so we got a ton of toys we're
gonna shoot this video basically it's
like a Santa Claus battle where I can't
tell you too much but we're gonna be
fighting with these boys me and Craig
and we're gonna be battling with like
nerf guns and these Star Wars things and
he doesn't have this when we throwing
stuff at each other it's gonna be sweet
it's gonna be like Colin slow motion
social super here we are where we are
we're in Niagara Falls area Vineland
Vineland Vineland ish it's cool there's
like finer vinum weather code I've been
your vineyards and on the left here we
have the very famous no balls falls
falls belonging to two it's not a it's
not a testicular disarm its ball falls
hose belongs a family of like the ball
family I'm not sure and they own the
boys figure it out
Google it Google it Google balls fall is
vine lands you not search the images for
it however just look over let's say no
known African safe you'll see other
stolen safe search headed to the shoot
now and this is a really pretty area
it's like open they're like I told Corey
that I want to see a deer I feel like I
should see a deer out of these
or a moose or caribou moose a caribou
would be greater a b-grade to see Carrie
it's like there's a river a clown just a
random dude with the big red nose
wouldn't that be you'd like it cause
wrecks people like what the heck is that
it's a clown what does a clown doing
does it make sense
he's like he's like skipping through the
hills I haven't slept in three days
I had a skew yeah but at least you're
here I'm here finally finally I'm in the
edge of the world
my first song you're like whoa what are
you wearing
this is sweet so where's the so yeah
this is a super nice camera they call it
the red Craig go stand in front of the
camera is it on
oh no it's not I thought it was there oh
yeah it is
yes there you are look there's Craig
through the camera is this is nice to
get us all decorated
this is Cory's house and we're about to
get shooting so we got to get our
sandwich we get do that no let's suit up
we're like Warren G in the regulator's
now no it was a cold day and Canada
that's a stupid song stop it
you are being translated clean you made
it yeah alright this is CN tower and we
just went through the security oh this
way sorry we're lost we don't go to get
the best tickets I don't know I just
said give me tickets we're going to the
top as at the top is there better ticket
yes oh I don't know Toronto right now
I'm gonna do a handstand we're going up
the CN Tower
yeah there we go no big deal we've got
the safaris professional come on but
that was a sweet that is the worst
headset I'm doing another one alright
this poor girl she's like what are these
people doing I live here we are that's
yeah we were we're filming over there
Corey got us here in literally 3 minutes
and 20 seconds he was like you've got a
day that's off of the CN Tower this is I
want to see this during the day I like
want to see out here to a sleep here get
like tamp up here I'm gonna run a little
run around this alright sorry sorry
hey hey I'm running around the top of
the sit I'm running around the top of
those in running around this is crazy
right down there there mr. Swift you I
like how the UM the lights change
so that's Toronto then right Toronto and
Mississauga and Oakville and Burlington
and Hamilton is actually oh
that's me there those lights that's
America what yeah I live there
that's like Sarah Palin I can see it
from my backyard
we are running us 20 laps boys 20 laps
keep it going keep it down airplane what
is that thing right there
oh it started straight for us over the
weight limit everybody back up
Batman's laying on the class
it's died down when we first walked out
it like literally gonna pull me over I
am not exaggerating I swear I'm from
Idaho I don't need a coat
