Amy I don't know can you doing address
hey I appreciate all three wearing
trixin but you shouldn't run on a
treadmill in a dress good cheese can you
let go and do it
whoa that was a cool move to be fun I
was awesome
behold the future two children gathering
around a small screen when an 80-inch
one exists here are you on the Internet
looks like the Internet to me and now
cats all fools like you play on watching
it's all full of what jaunty what's
charging so it can be diet at work what
goes inside of it so it makes it work
but what does the plug put inside of the
iPad as I put juice in there like what
does it put inside of it why are you
plug so you plug that so you put the
plug in the iPad reason oh great here
okay
you put the other plug on the end and
then you plug it into the other plug and
what does that do charge it but why do
you plug it in like what does the plug
do does it take something out of the
wall and put it inside of the iPad oh it
doesn't it just ease on the wall I'm
gonna put the other present inside this
one and you plug it in here then this
okay do you know what it's called dude
it's called electricity yeah electricity
goes from inside of the plug and it goes
into the iPad into the batteries and
then the batteries hold the electricity
it holds the power holds the energy
it holds the charge and then you can
watch your stuff on the iPad yeah it
takes the energy out and so then you
have to are you listening nope okay
well we almost taught him something
how's a close one you can't win them all
you know it was close
we almost taught our kids something
today learning in there maybe we'll
learn them something tomorrow we'll see
all right how fast is that Gavin Gavin
is running 8 miles an hour on the
treadmill
Brock need you to run that fast yeah
okay let's see if Emmy can do it
Emmy I don't know can you doing a dress
hey I appreciate all three wearing
trixin but you shouldn't run on a
treadmill in a dress with cheese
can you guy go and do it
whoa that was a cool move to be fine
that was awesome
Brock Butler you guys short legs whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa
can you do it let go can you run without
hold on Brock Butler running eight miles
an hour okay
did that hurt don't lie to us and it
hurt be careful i'ma get in trouble
brach I don't know if your aren't okay
good job okay okay we're gonna do a
family workout I'm gonna do some of
these right over here brach eight miles
an hour that's fast guys
hi guys I made this best picture you
guys wanna see my hamster guys you would
see my hamster okay
don't Sloan okay Kim okay welcome
to the classroom
click on the whiteboard to get your eyes
on your first class a classroom okay I
use my hamster okay
go click on the whiteboard to continue
on your current lesson know about me go
to my shoot here watch this giant pandas
are usually quiet animals but when they
want to make noise they'll eat more
growl and even hug some of the noises
that they make are to attract other
pandas when they want to mate or to tell
other pandas to stay away when they want
to be alone to hear more facts about
this animal click on the blinking icon
you'll hear more about two shanem a
watch
giant pandas are part of a group of
animals called mammals which may lure
horses dogs and people
the giant panda has a thick coat of
black and white fur that helps you
penguins damn about me about e
refrigerator word jumble let's decorate
your refrigerator I'll choose a
background color and a pattern to go
with it
then choose a magnet style and select
done
go to them go to the school good alright
so know each other so we're going to do
blue dope circle children with the book
layer okay one big hug these guys
yep got tickets tickets three this bug
book tickets tickets well Aaron cooked
out what I see oh I got her booked
liable to see the bug Booker da can't
you do a different stay on The Learning
Path stay out the light and back okay
how do you pick it into hook kid back to
the note go to the school Peter the
pirate finds treasure by tens
watch this what Peter the pirate finds
treasure by tens
just just chillin on the mountain last
part of winter grandma has to say why
you take your shoe off
let's go grandpa
okay I'm using this camera hey where'd
you go get back here smile say something
on the vlogs you have boogers playing
soccer whoa
good move
Gavin's looking forward to playing
another year soccer eh
Oh Oh careful mom's will come yell at
you seriously
volley it up to me bring it to me here
we do it nice pass
oh snap
all right go get in bed it's bedtime
okay love you good night
okay
ah yeah funk you up uptown funk you up
uptown funk you up uptown funk you up
promising huh ha ha ha
well I hope you liked the Brock vlog
today he stoled the camera when I went
to edit there's like a 30 minute clip of
him playing on the computer so I tried
to cut out and leave like the best
moments in there but I didn't vlog
yesterday because I couldn't find my
other camera that I was using right
there at the very end with Gavin because
Brock stole the Canon and I couldn't
find the Sony but now I found the Sony
and we have apprehended the Canon from
Brock mr. vlogger pants trust me I do
not tell him to vlog he just picks up
the camera and then when I go to import
the footage I'm like why is there an
hour and a half of footage on here it's
because Brock the vlogger man is helping
us do our job I guess right okay thanks
for watching guys we appreciate you
watching the vlog Shaytards like we
really appreciate the nice comments
about yesterday's vlog I know that you
guys like just the family hanging out
together and I've always known that
actually for a long time that your
guys's favorite type of vlog so I'm
gonna commit to you guys to really try
to give you guys those vlogs just us
hanging out as a family and they're not
gonna be daily but um they're gonna be
up there gonna be a barium here that we
on the youtube sketch it up in a nice
comment okay together right
