welcome to the day of craziness welcome
to the day of get shaycarl to Toronto
Canada nestled here's the dilly-o dudes
we this has been the biggest Fiasco of
my life I I was on the phone all day
yesterday
trying to get this stinking passport
into my chubby little fingers I can't
even begin to tell you guys
oh my wife's calling she might have my
passport right now she's at the FedEx
office and I said in the airport and
she's gonna meet me there ultimate in a
second hello okay you just have to go
stand by the front door probably they're
probably in the back but as soon as they
get it up right brother they open at
9:00 we just kind of stand by the front
door they're probably in the back of
unloading the freight
okay love you call me back
yeah I'm headed to the airport right now
okay let me by here's what's going on so
the passport place that I got my
passport through they said the passport
will be at your house Wednesday morning
at 8:00 guaranteed FedEx is a guarantee
morning service by eight o'clock so I'm
like okay because there was a quiet
leaving at 9:30 it's like what we're do
I even said this in the in the last vlog
we're gonna be sitting in the driveway
with the UM with all my pet luggage
here's all my luggage and then as soon
as the FedEx guy gets there we're gonna
grab my passport head to the airport and
we should be just fine his Airport is
only like 10 minutes from the house that
was the plan I woke up the next morning
and had an email from them and they're
like hey FedEx doesn't offer the 8:00
a.m. service in your area so now we
don't know when it's gonna get there so
then we went to this whole fiasco of
trying to figure out if we can send my
passport to New York because the flight
was later there or they were gonna have
it sent to the airport so I could get it
right before I go out of the airplane
basically what happened is it's not
it's going to the main shipping place at
the FedEx location here at the skin on
our town and they get in at 8:45 but the
freight comes in at 8:45 and they're
looking for like I've been down there
last night I was like Kay
hi I'm Shay I'm the one that's been
calling you all day I need my passport
as soon as you can get it and so
basically mommy's heart is at the FedEx
place waiting for them to get my
passport and I'm going to the airport
it's like check in and say hopefully my
passport will be here in a few minutes
it's we're literally like playing on a
15-minute time window here so I know
it's ridiculous to think it's actually
going to work out last night I booked
another flight so I have literally two
flights to Canada today if I don't make
this one
I haven't I have to drive to Salt Lake
just two hours and I have a flight that
leaves at 3:00 in the afternoon
and gets to Buffalo New York tonight not
to Toronto but to Buffalo because that
was the closest I could get and still
get there so then we can start shooting
tomorrow so the plan is if I don't make
this flight I'm gonna drive to Salt Lake
fly to Buffalo stay like in Niagara
Falls area like right on the border of
the Canadian American border and that's
kind of like really close to our
shooting this video it's at this studio
that kori by del set up basically
tomorrow and you know if I get to this
all I can get to Buffalo you're gonna
come across the border and get me at my
hotel I'm gonna get an attack a taxi to
the hotel and then we'll shoot the next
day so headed to the airport we're gonna
see if we can find this little 20-minute
window that I can get on the air
I'm driving a Salt Lake it's a crazy day
it's a little high pressure okay I'll
let you know what happened so here's
what's happening now I'm at the airport
and I'm just sitting here waiting and I
I don't think I'm gonna make it because
it's 8:52 it's 8:52 right now the flight
leaves at 9:30 I have if I didn't have a
check-in because I'm gonna be gone for a
while I have a luggage so if I don't
have to check in this suitcase I could
probably make it but I'm basically just
sitting here waiting for mommy tarde to
call me and say I have the passport I'm
on the way to the airport and then what
I'll do is I'll run in check-in check my
bags in and then just wait in line in
the security line until she shows up and
then she's like literally just gonna fly
in here jump out hand me my passport and
I'll get on the flight but I just think
it's too close it's like too good to be
true for this to work so I'm sitting
here waiting and it's like you know the
plane leaves in 38 minutes and I don't
think I'm gonna make it so looks like
I'll be driving to Salt Lake
so frustrating anyways this is crazy I'm
trying to get there I just wanna go to
new people and delicious updates I
didn't get it
well it's like 904 and I was I would
look this is such a small airport
there's literally like one flight a day
that goes out of there so I just like
pulled in front of the airport doors and
I could see that they they'd open the
security door and they're starting to
put people through security so it's
gonna be too late even if you know even
if mommy tard got it right now and rush
there I can't check my suitcase in
because I think I don't know for sure
but I think Cody's I think after they
open the security door you can't check
luggage in anymore it's like too late so
I have to check the suitcase in and it
just could be too late so now I'm headed
to the FedEx office where mommy tarde
and baby tarde and Princess tart are
waiting and rock tired he's so cute he
was so cute this morning it's so hard
whenever have to leave I'm like I love
you guys so now I just have to make sure
that I get my passport before like noon
because my flight leaves at 3:50 from
Salt Lake so I need to give myself two
hours to drive there I get there and I
leave at noon I get there in two
I can have an hour and fifty minutes you
know Mike went quite playing there's now
I just got to make sure that they have
to find my freaking passport by noon
we're headed to the FedEx office the
FedEx people yeah here we go
who's that who's that Butthead hey
butt-head they don't have it yet but
write the truth just came in is from
Salt Lake so that's fine that good thing
we want that second plane ticket last
night huh yeah dónde están mis los
ninos
they're right there staying warm while
I'm like this let's go see Miss mean yes
mean Yas donde estan puppies - puppies
passport a donde estan - Papa's passport
a bro a understand as two padres
birthday a key for the world you guys
are adorable what do you think you're
doing mr. cute face huh oh look at you I
love you guys
you guys find out his passport yet no
where is it princess tard
you sure use your abilities is in there
hi baby I love you your face oh man my
heart just exploded that sucks seeing it
and then I can't fly to Salt Lake I
don't have a heart that's one of the
requirements you have to have a beating
heart to go to Salt Lake
thanks a lot Rock tard
like it's almost like it's too good to
be true thank you so much I can't
believe it she said we were she goes
we're all back there freaking out
because there's like they're tired of
dealing with me basically they just want
to give the fat bearded man his passport
so he'll leave him alone oh he's ready
exciting it's like I never thought this
would come it's been that much of a
fiasco and look you guys are right they
send me my old one back and they also
get a spokes too little holes in the
bottom sweet
oh you beautiful Passport
United States of America you know what
this smells like this smells like
freedom fries gives me the freedom to
travel about the country as our
forefathers once believed free from
border to border among countries as men
where's my picture oh wow definitely not
as handsome as no and the first one
there I am boy learn a few coral could I
come into your country that's really
cool though that's spiffy oh nice all
right I'm coming Canada here I come now
I just got to drive to Salt Lake and get
on another different plane good thing
we've booked that listen you want to see
Scott's working alright you better be
careful she loves little books and think
I should write in that in no time
okay so now where it brings us hard
school to get make sure sign it's a
little detour but I'm we're gonna eat
breakfast after this and I'm gonna drive
to solid someone wants their bottle are
you done with the bottle just give me
the milk
Air Force Base Salt Lake is so cool it's
like jet right over
oh that's like
clop gun well the crews could be in that
jet we're headed scribe catch the flight
I have 20 time it's one o'clock my plane
doesn't leave til 350 I'll be at the
airport 20 minutes so
bacon I just talked to Cory by Dell and
him and wheezy waiter are gonna come get
me tonight
he's gonna stay in a hotel tonight
they're gonna come in morning there will
be any traffic so they've just been
drive down to they ever Falls tonight
and get me in Buffalo
we have last look at you
filming all day tomorrow well Antonio de
la puta those are some amazing mountains
gorgeous greatest snow on earth as
license plate is prone to say it's
actually really fun I'm kind of glad
that I missed my flight this morning
like driving to Salt Lake is I haven't
done it once I mean we did just recently
come here like this time of year like
the the coldness is out and the leaves
are changing and the snow in the
mountains it reminds me of growing up
that we used to always drive down here
to come skin the Cottonwood Canyon and
Little Cottonwood Canyon become ski into
Alta and go on to Snowbird and Brighton
and solitude all these really
world-renowned ski resorts that are like
an hour and a half two hours away from
where we lived in Idaho me and my
friends would always drive down here
like especially on the big days in the
mountains
three feet of fresh powder we drive down
here and pay my breakfast kids school
we're like 17 we drive down here and
skied oh so awesome I remember I'm gonna
tell you guys a story I don't want you
to judge me because I we steals it
we stole did something so me and my
buddy Jared one day we're like dude Salt
Lake got pounded like two feet of fresh
powder last night let's drive down the
skip school let's drive down and go skin
so on our way we stopped because we're
hungry and we're poor you know we're
like 17 year old the high school kids we
hardly have any money we barely have
enough money for gas and a lift ticket
and so we are stopping at this Burger
King I think we have like a couple extra
dollars to buy an apprentice sandwich
cause like 9:00 in the morning we're
both like starving so you go to this
Burger King here selling and then walk
these five people that are totally drunk
wasted and this is like they'd been up
all night drinking or something I don't
know they just came in and they're all
loud and stuff and me and Jarrod are
like hey guys what are you doing like
cuz they stood right behind us in the
line let's go we just got done drinking
on the i-word we're here to get some
food and they bought like thirty dollars
worth of food right so we're talking to
them and being buddy-buddy with them
and they sit down and they have all this
food and me my buddy chaired like sherry
like one little egg mcmuffin or whatever
we read they can't remember they sit
down and all sudden one of them gets a
phone call and then I call getting this
fight is the weirdest thing like they're
all happy and drunk and they had all
this food they sat down and this girl I
got the phone call she's like whatever
she hangs a proponent and they all go
outside in the parking lot oh they're
all on there fighting me and Jared are
like look at all that food all that food
that they live prays our other trays so
I apologize I'm descends repented me and
Jared go and grab like handfuls of like
they have like hash browns and like all
these Stanley's breakfast sounds like
stuff them in our coat pockets and then
we walk out into the parking lot where
they're at like see you guys guys good
to meet you guys and we jump in a car
food truck away they were like wait up
cuz we had no money but we're starving
seventeen year old high school kids and
we just told these drunk people's
breakfast sandwich and we thought we
were like revels and it was
anyways there's a time that I still
don't steal kids only if it's from drunk
people at Burger King when you're 17
year old high school student who has no
money and you need nutrition nutrients
to go skiing the rest of the day that's
the only time it's okay anyways that was
a funny story I just remembered it as I
was like you know driving down here look
at those mountains just remember in the
old times you know I'm saying go about
the memory that's all you have you got a
little uptight to them you gotta keep
them close to your heart I love you
Jared
finally the Fiasco gets over your right
combo kind of
I'll be extra safe now you guys tomorrow
