where's my where's my backup singers on
that one you look super handsome you're
like a G so fly like a g6 tell this
Cooper duper three three on Tuesday
trace on your suk-hee I think about your
cousin I don't want to have to say
anything what is this like a cupcake
holder what's going on here sweet you
guys excited your cousin's birthday what
are you gonna get him don't swear D got
it don't say mommy tarts making her
famous broccoli salad and in the moment
I'm making my fight with broccoli salad
high-demand
I usually am totally against broccoli
but that's bacon in it so let's go okay
so we're at the gym and Carly has a key
but she's really nervous because after
you unlock it does the alarm go off you
sure you know the combination I dunno
but I don't remember if you push away
all right I think you push off yeah
please show up okay ready here we go
count it down this is your luck hurry
what have you bought of asserts when you
put the key in
my high five I was like like tiptoe
because I couldn't see who did it good
job princess start you are a little
daring girl are you ready for this
check out this vert that's like straight
down it's hard to see it on camera this
is like way straight down all right you
ready see it see it again that's
probably at least 12 feet tall I mean
look at this look at this ramp it's
almost exactly straight vertical up
there you want to go face-first she has
a Towler sled and this thing is from
here down here it's about a 12-foot drop
that's it
but for my floor performance before my
support performance say that five times
fast before my floor performance all
right let's see it Carly stud large
Harley tard yeah that dumb do something
cool
I know you guys think I'm fat stuff like
I can't do cool things but check this
out
hot slob a bit that's my favorite part
that song right here we go check us out
I did not see that coming hey guys do
the pictures yes I'm TIA okay so Casey's
gonna try drop it in for his first time
you ready
you nervous don't don't pull on that you
gotta be careful with that thing right
there it's pretty it's pretty gradual
just like rolls in here goes good do a
trick MA
oh sweet method do it jump into the pit
mom I'll pull you out with the rope ten
bonus points if you can land with your
wheels on the mat cuz last time uncle
Shay hit the ground cause he's taste
chunky you landed it dawg sweet though
here goes Casey's next jump thinking
about it filling it filling the Mojo
still in the vibe so I'm gonna try a
backflip with a grab chicken making sure
is taxes are done properly
alright yep
the houses refinance all right
I am sweating this is a very good
workout for me now it's time for
ignition elegant let's go kegels do i
rush into it splits do a do a front-flip
where did you get
Wow it's from a remote-controlled Thomas
the Train do you like it oh yes what is
it show me chuckle Shay what's up cool
awesome
what's your name G here goes Keith he's
a pro he's going off the big ramp I'm
excited to see what he's got this is
gonna be sweetness we're ready
I guess that was okay bro whatever you
know that's pretty cool was but we
thought we were pretty cool stuff huh
tell Keith shut up
now Keith's hair and we look like losers
all right let's see it Keith
jeez here goes Casey once again nice
that was it that was the ticket I know
it's foamy in here
super foamy in this pit hit the lens hit
me in the eye
so these are my two brothers everybody's
always asking this is my younger brother
Logan and this is my younger brother
Casey Casey and Logan which one's hotter
meows a trick question state your name
and business
let's see if that truly let's say that
really is one two three go do you want
to count off she wants to be on YouTube
I want you to fall so I can submit this
to fail blog that is rude I'm sorry tosh
point-o yeah
ready one two three go
here's some basic O's you like more
moved out of the way so wouldn't hurt
you than your life did you hurt yourself
what do we got going on here it's gonna
Braille slide the other board
slang on your back and hold it over your
head like a bench press still be a wash
come on do it I'll do it I'm filming
okay you come film yeah we're starting
to get creative and Casey is gonna do a
real real slide now you have a rail in
place nice mommy's so proud happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear Cooper happy
birthday to you get in there you got
helpers over here you stole this don't
steal his wish this time you guys I
could really use a wish right now sing
that Cooper wish right now okay blood
out the other one the other one
what is going on now I'm laying down
Casey is gonna jump over me always
excited
all these EMM rest alone Casey its tail
I know it wax it hurts
get him out get him off
