hi it's been one of those days can you
tell
can you tell look at this can you tell I
got a stressful day take it down
why hi Shay Carl hair this is one take
Sunday even though it's Monday night
because we didn't do a one take Sunday
yesterday which was Sunday yesterday
because I'm still editing that video
check out check out mami tarde who oh
she's flying on the trampoline
I was Cooper's birthday yesterday so I
got a video coming tomorrow it we're
gonna be a little switched it's okay you
guys are cool with that right let me
just a little switch switched little
flip-flopped
so Sunday's video is gonna upload
tomorrow which is Tuesday and we're
doing one take Sunday tonight which is
Monday because I basically haven't had
any chance to film anything because I've
been so super like stressed trying to
figure out my passport situation and
trying to get to Toronto I was supposed
to be in Toronto right now you guys I'm
a ghost I'm not even supposed to be here
right now you guys realized that you
guys are lucky you are to have your
father in your presence that was pretty
good yeah I was supposed to leave on an
airplane this morning at 6 a.m. but I
don't have a passport so I can't leave
the country figured out I'm getting it
across the fingers I'm getting it
Wednesday at 8:00 right 8 a.m. a FedEx
guarantees it'll be here at 8 a.m.
guess when I fly out to Toronto 9:30 so
guess what that means that means that
we're gonna be waiting in the driveway
in the van with all the luggage packed
in the van for me to fly to Toronto
waiting for the FedEx guy to get there
as soon as he gets there I'm gonna get
my passport I'm gonna drive to the
airport Wednesday morning and I leave at
9:30 and I should get into Toronto
Wednesday night at like 10:15 and we'll
probably have a gathering a Saturday at
Dundas pardon my language kids it's a
Canadian thing at Dundas Square probably
Saturday
have to talk to Cory my Dell and squeeze
the white waiter so we're having dinner
what are we having you guys one take
Sunday look cute hurry hurry do
something cutest one take Sunday oh so
cute
holy crap that's so cute do something
cute but is pretty cute
hey guess what you guys get extra money
in your bank accounts I don't know
they don't have bank accounts yet we
need to start though we're gonna start
college funds for you sure speaking of
college funds we actually do have money
set aside for these guys sponsorship
dear wait a second
how's the funny what's it called the new
transition
alright guys okay so you guys know this
is no secret we have products that are
sent to us quite a bit like people the
guitar and you know we got candles look
we got closet full of candles we just
got this any sharp this any sharp pro
and we get all kinds of products sent to
us because you know companies obviously
it's not it's no secret there's a lot of
people watch our videos companies like
if I get my product on their YouTube
channel then more people will see that
product it's just business so we don't
always do like videos for every product
we get some we get we're like oh that's
kind of dumb we're not gonna do
something for that but we got this any
sharp Pro and this is really actually
pretty cool and the reason that we are
gonna do one of these because check this
out if you guys know you guys watch
mommy charts sister Callie more music
and her brother her brother awkward
husband then no incest is going on I
swear
off anyways they just moved to Singapore
and so they just like gave us a bunch of
stuff like they have a bunch of their
stuff in our basement and they just gave
us this big knife set and it has all
these really nice knifes know what it is
because we've never really had a nice
knife set but these are kind of dogs
they've had them for a while and they
have serrated edges
and they're kind of rusty but we're
trying to cut these the other day and
they're kind of dull so I'm like let's
just do a steel product for review for
this any sharp and see if it can hold up
to the test
okay so comes this self can this is
pretty cool we actually tried this other
day it's just this this is literally the
the product or whatever you kids ready
you ready for this check this out this
little thing it sticks right - which way
is it okay it sticks right to the
countertop like that okay like that and
see us a little love ever a little high
huh
little bit a little bit just split a
lever you just pull it down
watch click and watch try to pull that
off princess start hey is your name
Prince the Stars last time I exact it
wasn't sorry can you pull it off
sometimes you just pull off no it's like
pulling the sword against stone this is
like he who pulled the sword from the
stone is the next king of England get it
off
come on dude be tougher than that oh no
you cheated good Stephen so basically
there's this little lever here that you
can like flip it down once it flips down
it's like suction cups to your counters
baby chard you wanna try she's like
thank you very alright okay we get the
point its suction cuts to the countertop
and it's really easy all you have to do
is you basically take the knife you know
oh wait go on this side how do you go on
this side okay I want to pretend that
I'm in one of those and you guys are my
audience okay hey boys and girls you
ever tried to cut a ripe tomato this
nice well then how are you gonna relate
to this experience
you've never cut a tomato before I'm
trying to cut this tomato it's so dull
this knife is so uneven cut we'll check
this out
few slides across the anysharp pro what
do you have you have a nice sharp
utensil that cuts through nice fresh to
me oh yeah no literally it is
I was I was making a joke about like you
see that infomercials especially like
the broom ones when they're like show
you how to sweep up on the floor and
they're like check out the before look I
can't even I can't even cut through this
tomato oh it's not even working but
after you use the anysharp pro a couple
slides through that and it slides
through any tomato nice and easy
just like cheesy anyways so this is
really how you do it so it sections to
the countertop you literally don't have
to put any pressure at all there's too
little like unless like it's a V wipe
the tomato off of it we got tomato juice
Pro knife sharpener so all you have to
do literally is there's to this it's
like I don't know what it's made out of
like graphite or whatever but it's a
these little yeah things and you pull
the knife through and if you pull it
through it sharpens it and you don't
have to do a lot of pressure it's
literally like like you know a little
bit of pressure pull it through and you
couldn't do a serrated knife oh right
that's true and you can set that wears
okay so look so this has serrated means
there's like teeth right is out that
one's so that seems like you wouldn't
that sounds cooler so it does do right
you see you think do not use on serrated
blades no it does it doesn't said like
larger serrated ones but yes it does do
serrated blades so pull through I don't
know I mean a couple times and then
let's check yourself oh I like to play
with you should be doing this or why am
I doing this why would I be caught in
the kitchen you guys know right that's
the woman's job not funny
don't laugh that sex is you kids don't
repeat that either okay so basically
we're doing a product review on this any
sharp Pro here it is the world's best
knife sharpener it's really pretty easy
comes in this little tin oh and you know
thing is they have like these little
recipe what is this and it has like
recipes on this card and you can make
this it's a good tomato mozzarella and
basil stack and it shows you how to like
put the things in here so it's like
these little entrees or whatever but
check it out any smart Pro I'm gonna put
a leak in my pants and you guys need
some knives I need to be sharpened check
this thing out it's pretty cool
literally it's like its suction to the
countertop it won't move you don't have
to put a lot of pressure in fact it says
that in the directions it's just really
easy you just pull it straight across
like this you do serrated blades or like
a big one because I remember my mom I'm
a big masher she had a huge one that
she'd have to like set up on the counter
and you get it all together this is my
old knife when I was I used to be a
produce cook and this I use I named this
knife Victoria this is my girlfriend
before mommy tart let's see if it works
oh yeah smooth like butter
and then when you're done you just pop
this little lever up pop goes the weasel
and then you know it's clean dishwasher
safe back in there throw your lid back
on it any sharp Pro try it out I don't
know I have no idea I really do we're
just guessing so check it out you guys
okay like I said I'm gonna be in Toronto
for those everybody who's asking me will
probably have the gathering Saturday
right did you just try to put your hand
in the Caesar bowl were you trying to
get a futon out of there
you were the best part look at that
mommy taught me this is your salad
tonight the croutons okay okay what take
Sunday's over because any other things
you want to add anything cool hmm that's
cute hurry go oh wait wait
stop what was he what did you want to
say anything
no go go go go yeah what are you doing
where's she going
there she goes back to you all right
all right I'll see you guys later like I
said we'll have a regular video up
tomorrow of us at Cooper's birthday
party please see you later
