with famous shaycarl his wife Katie let
and they got old kids that one's a
princess and they got a big boy who is a
dancing queen while they beat on the
wrong paw they complete the team that
the shades on straight and I the hope
simple life with many subscribers young
and then me tell me see I'm laughing too
long vlogging here we are at Sun tarts
basketball game I just woke up it's
eleven o'clock that's great pathetic but
I didn't go to bed till 5:30 this
morning I was about to go to bed at 2:00
in the morning and then I find Netflix
that pot the movie Casino I've never
seen that that's like a classic right I
should watch that not even made it's the
same as movie Goodfellas you guys have
seen both those movies Goodfellas Joe
Pesci Joe Pesci
has knee played like the exact same
character if it's something that's
already been talked about and I'm 10
years late I'm realizing that if I just
thought casino last night for the first
time now I'm just like
so tired this is crazy show don't watch
it they people and say summer 21 I
should be blogging right I should not be
blogging right now I am under no
condition to be bug I'm tired
I have nothing interesting to say
there's mommy tired here's the cheering
squad hey mom gonna be on my blog guys
here's my mom my mom so here we go let's
go some tard go team what are they the
blue thunder or the blue thunder what
amuses you claim you never seen a movie
it's rated R for a reason don't watch it
I'm trying to get my mom cuz some
Turkey's looking over here and I keep
doing this
being crisp I'm tryna get my mom what he
look so we're here to go this
maybe turn say Oh Charlie you bit my
finger
watch out charlie bit my finger kid baby
turns to do cute baby on the Internet
hey top slot there alright son tart
don't forget murdering son card for the
tallest ones say sinner you say don't
pass
that's a little traveling good job
little travel in there you got a bouncer
you'll have to take 73 in this Lakes he
make 73
that was the wall of blue hands again
that's almost the most frustrating thing
I've ever participated in my life no
it's late this is the new siding it's
like a hoodie but you want to keep your
farm
somebody might go down upside down I'm
silly son of a checks yo dolla dolla
bills y'all
I love these things I'm a 30 year old
man these things are still like drinking
to me I've sinned this shoots in this
okay
we just deposit that into my checking
account
oh crap I'm sorry I just was grabbing
stuff I wanted you to have a surprise I
have some please over yeah I just send
the check in max thank you I'm a child I
I get amused by simple things if I could
fit in that tube I would try to shoot
across over there thank you Japanese
suckers - I have I have four little
brats in here that want one and I guess
I'll have one too thank you give a trash
you just what do you have enough huh
watermelon huh normal kids
we like to we like to make an entrance
like there where he is literally 24
people just looking directly at you you
me not us you lady she say she said one
day only
oh right I just work for Bon march√© so
I had to say it that way right Big Lots
big weird big losses the best store ever
yeah honey I found baby tard check it
out
is that not baby tard is that you yeah
does that mean that to your chair does
that mean you need to have this chair
alright here you go there you got it
okay let's go go pay for it gee Carl do
that is you you're gonna get it do you
have any money to buy it you need okay
you to buy it now okay my debit cards in
there just tell them straight Carl
setting okay hey Shaco sent me
we walked around the corner and he goes
this is what I'm talking about what is
it's like just a a paper guitar yeah
dude
somebody is scamming a bunch of kids in
the world with that does it play does
actually play slender yeah Mozart the
internet killed television the guys swim
sitting here catching up on my Charles
Trippy videos and something bad happened
I'm not coming to Toronto anymore
what all right before you freak and trip
the balls the ball should not be tripped
upon the balls are uh anyways I digress
okay so here's what that way here's
what's going on my passport it's not
here at my house they will not allow me
out of the country without a little
leather-bound book with my fat face
picture inside of it saying that I'm an
American citizen and I was born on
American soil and that I will probably
come back to this great nation that I
reside in with my family and so they
won't let me into Canada without the
passport so here's what happened I pass
sport that I didn't have
oh I send it to them I was on the show
too I already shot it - yes stupid shave
her head out look at this little dude
what are you looking at stop staring at
me on V login what you doing sometimes
we put him in that and he sits there for
like three hours and we forget about him
he bounces around then when he gets
tired when he starts fussing we take him
out okay so let me focus here so the
passport issue is this admit I did
procrastinate just a snitchin ass nickel
that's a new form of measurement a
snitch Oh on Wednesday I had all my
packet everything I needed all the
information is that
it's kind of stripping me tripping me
out oh no where's my tripod woman
where's my tripod stick hold the camera
while I just hold it like I always do
for every video what you are you're the
my woman oh how embarrassing is coming
picking my nose oh babe babe woman okay
I need to focus on my vlogging passport
I called there look I use these peanuts
it's almost becoming humorous how I
can't tell the story without being
sidetracked there I got you guys all set
up check it out I'm stacking you on
these peanuts and this ibuprofen
I don't do some hands-free vlogging you
know I'm saying okay so I call the
agency yesterday I'm going through like
a private agency where it's like you can
get your passport in two to three days
and I called them on Wednesday the 10th
now rock card wants to get out of this
bouncer I just don't think I should even
tell you guys a story some of you guys
are probably getting pissed he's like
are you coming to Toronto we're not J I
called them on Wednesday and I said
listen I'm gonna overnight you my
package and everything right
I didn't overnight them my package I
overnighted them
I'm not needing to do this it's not
doing a good job telling the story are
they
I've lost my vlogging ability
I can't vlog I can't do it is that
something you can lose can you lose your
ability to vlog like it's like a power
that you just lose it all of a sudden
I've lost my my Jedi nose so I can't
tell the story no no all right let's
become funny to me now are you touching
daddy's beard what's he looking at
okay somebody do it right now machine to
focus okay everybody quiet I need to
focus and concentrate here so I called
them and I said I need to pay for the
24-hour service to get my passport back
ASAP because I procrastinated and I need
it back immediately I'm gonna overnight
this to you it'll be there on Thursday
morning and he said well it's Veterans
Day Thursday so we won't be here so I'm
gonna go great he said but what we'll do
is we'll process it on Friday we'll send
it out on Friday and you should get it
on Saturday this was like okay that was
perfect because I'm supposed to leave on
Monday morning well Saturday is it's
Saturday night at 10 o'clock and the
passports not here so I'm like where is
it what happened I called them and of
course they're out of the office because
it's not office hours right now so they
don't open til Monday morning at 7:00 my
time well I'm supposed to fly out at
6:00 a.m. so guess what I can't leave so
I'll have a freaking passport I'm
probably have to delay my flight and
come out either if I get it Monday I
could leave like that on a later flight
to Toronto on Monday what I'll probably
do is leave Tuesday and postpone my
flight and change it which is super
frustrating because you know we already
had the the you know the whole
everything's booked and ready to go so
for the people that are like wanting to
hang out we were supposed to meet
Tuesday in Toronto at 4:00 p.m.
it might change now so I'm just giving
you guys a heads up I think it's a done
done where does it dunder square it's
it's like Times Square in New York but
it's in Toronto Dundas Square on Tuesday
at 4:00 o'clock in Toronto with wheezy
waiter and corey vidal but now because
of this whole passport fiasco I might
not be there but we will still do a
gathering of some sort just as long as
you're following me on Twitter or you're
subscribed to me on my iPhone channel I
will update as soon as I know about my
passport but as of right now
Saturday night at 10:09 my passport was
supposed to be here I talked to the guy
on Wednesday and I said I need it
Saturday because I'd like I said I'm
leaving on Mondays like yeah no problem
he'll process it on Friday will
overnight it to you Friday afternoon and
you'll get it on Saturday well that's
why I said it's come and gone and I
don't have the passport so I have this
baby can I trade this baby can you trade
the baby at the border is their baby is
their baby trading at the border oh I'm
sure I would like to come to your
country here's my baby you can hold them
until I come back what would you want to
take this cute little baby so I'll keep
you guys updated I did it I told the
story hallelujah we did it
we told the story yeah oh there's the
Sun Sun sunny tired baby
okay so I'll let you guys know as soon
as I get my passport they're gonna cry
call me tomorrow morning at 7:00 because
I left him a voicemail so call me
where's my passport
call me on Twitter I'll let you guys
know exactly when I know when I'll be in
Toronto and we'll do a gathering alright
alright bedtime
all people under three feet tall get in
bed
