okay we're gonna do a reveal for baby
tard okay maybe tard look at this what
is that who is that what are you doing
do you remember that do you know that
that picture is on a thousands and
thousands of CDs all around the world
you knew that yeah he's like duh dad I'm
like famous are you stupid or what
we're just start isn't that cool isn't
that close she's on a CD cover you're so
proud of your sister why don't you give
her a big kiss instead proud of you now
punch her in the face baby turn go punch
your sister in the neck I'm promoting
violence with my children that is so
cool dude congratulations me five you're
famous is that cool if you want to
listen to that CD trying to hear the
music in that CD let's go turn it on the
radio okay we'll put a CD in the thing I
can't talk everything I'm saying is like
let's go reveal the radio what are you
doing oh cool look my screensaver
it's pictures of nature I love nature
alright good we're done with the retail
Oh text message yep camera
yep it's camera on or not yep can i sir
yep those are foggy now oh crap all
right we're going in here did I see a
lot of potential it might take some work
but let's look what is this one of the
Mormon Church's this is one of them
Mormon Church's isn't it
those Mormons over here dude look at all
these leaves I don't know why I like
this time you're so excited I'm flashing
people what if we rake those onto a
giant pile and jumped into it do you
have a spare them's our Mormon leaves oh
yes there are a lot of people staring at
me driving get in the car guys hurry get
in the car the Mormons are coming our
move hurry the Marvins are true there's
a lot of potential there we need to get
a rake and come back that was awesome
what are you doing thank you listen no
absolutely
yes what's this there's something honest
oh no don't move the camera you'll ruin
the camera princess heart witness
Cooper's birthday we were just talking
about
oh and Cooper's having a birthday party
coming up and they're asking when that
birthday party was apprentice start goes
is it on the next day of tomorrow yeah
on the next day of the morrow on the
third day of tomorrow the Sun rose in
the western sky bringing forth a young
baby named Cooper he celebrated his
birth what's that I'm just talking about
the next day of the morrow hey McFly
McFly what are you doing
just PTP ended up over here oh you're so
good at it your PDP Pro PDP Pro that's
what you are not vogue hey guys egg nog
vlog check it we got to get it right
don't we that's rule it's part of the
rules and regulations be kidding me as
soon as it's on the shelf as an American
that's part of the rules and regulations
- belonging to the nation ship of this
country it's an eggnog vlog time guys
come on get with it let's get the
serious here stop screwing around what
what are you doing super no super no
Coburn we lost thanks for bringing it up
it's a touchy subject are you doing what
is she what do you think she should be
doing that
oh no I I disapprove of this absolutely
this is not no I don't ma'am can you can
you get your daughter I am no I don't
know absolutely not I do not condone
this I'm I'm just an innocent
no only only young ladies can get in the
a go closet I mean let me tell you this
an honest truth we have we ever actually
been kicked out we've never actually
ever make you doubt of any stores when
we did Walmart oh I was gonna film
pardon my language freeze and epic I
know that's overused um what we're gonna
do or you have those kids attack me huh
okay so here's what we're gonna do one
time there is like all these kids like
all these high school kids probably 2000
and they're all in there you know having
fun you can tell they out like carpooled
there or something I saw them all and I
went up to I'm like hey you guys do you
want to be in a YouTube video and I said
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna like just
I don't care what the premise likes I
just wanted something worse like all 20
of these high school kids basically I
was an act like I was stealing something
from Walmart and then all these twenty
kids are gonna like to tackle me and
like dog pile on top of me and like we
had it all set up like they're all sent
around I was explaining them like
exactly what their cue us and how we're
gonna do it and then the last second
like right about we're about to do it
one of the Walmart employees like we do
it you can't film in here you can't do
that you guys need to leave that's the
only time we've ever been kicked out of
the store is what I have like these 20
high schoolers that are gonna it's gonna
be hilarious I'm so max I was like so
pumped for I thought it'd be hilarious I
have have what you call the what's it
called when some of the volunteer have a
volunteer with me hey start there's no
sampling get your hands on it you can't
touch it she's like grabbing the
handfuls of it you can't put your hands
in there dude yes I know but people are
gonna eat those later listen you guys
don't come to Winco and get the swedish
fish
cuz practiced our head our hands don't
come to win come get the swedish fish
cuz there's princess turn turns on okay
so what we're gonna do is close your
eyes you're memorizing things
using the closer eyes I'm gonna put her
nose over one of these openings and
she's in a snow
I promise someone do anything and you
have to guess immediately what you're
smiling keep okay they're closed
no cheating okay okay come over here
bend down
you ready bend down and smell OH
okay move to the right a little bit
ready no I can't tell what do you think
no come on
serious don't even close to black
licorice I can't tell you can't tell at
all yeah okay one more try
no peeking go yes they go okay okay okay
you'll move on the next one okay move
over one step okay wait put your face
right down here right here right here
okay smell get sour patch kids
oh you can't it's just like sugar I was
like the sour patch kids yeah it's just
uh yeah yeah I was thinking like can you
really smell the black licorice from
next to the cell attachments
however best-effort Vincent all right
let's get our noses and hands out of the
bulk foods come on guys let's go okay so
we have an issue here come here let me
see that we have a balloon tarde on the
top of the roof okay yeah yes so pick
the start isn't there trying to quite
look I'm gonna throw you up an all-new
tree grab that kay ready grandpa
what do you want
want to watch the game at your house
okay so we're watching the Boise State
play vandals already 14 to 0
Cooper Cooper's beating me up and Carly
used to be a cheerleader for Boise State
Broncos what year were your cheerleader
in 2006 the year before they got good
you laughter then the next year they had
that giant fiesta bowl gets Oklahoma do
a cheer put the side you're on the cheer
team oh Melek are you love grandpa he's
so glad
I got him by ankle I love you grew more
he likes me you guys come over oh that's
why they're pissed it's the first
quarter they're up 14-0 and they kick an
onside kick
oh this that's like a slap in the face
like they're like really trying to run
the squirrel watch the Broncos gonna
score a hundred points tonight they
fighting why are they fighting they're
dinner but kid getting it to us
