one two three go you are not watching
the Shaytards fog just sit back for us
follow along
does with
and just because
for you let's
you need bindings for that thing dude
baby tar where's your coat
mami tarde baby tarts gonna get Pinole
mania she's gonna get Pannonia oh she's
gonna eat it baby tard step on it
no my goodness seriously she's gonna get
Pannonia you're gonna get Pannonia come
inside then the storage shed
Hadar Deaton's I'm from Idaho I don't
need pants or gloves your coat I'm baby
tard
I'm on the cover of eight thousand CDs
across the world there's probably more
than eight thousand huh there she is a
little bigger we should show her we
haven't even shown her yet huh yeah
should see what she thinks
there's the baby tard on the gyms blunts
new CD she's like yeah I seen pictures
of me all over the place where you guys
going alright and have fun directors
film the treacherous mountains of the
backyard when you get some bindings on
them and get him out in the snow up in
the mountains oh oh yay he ate it that's
going on FAIL Blog tard funny gloves all
right let's see push him like just run
put your hand on his back there he goes
we do nice weight just hard turn push
you're fast
ah nice we should go to a hill just
wanna where are we going
yeah go to a birthday party go to a
birthday party
yargh here fill me princess card loves
this ready I searched did it scare you
push the button darling yeah are you
doing oh are you Oh what are you working
on you doing some finance reports we
work on the Johnson file honey he's
almost done with the Johnson file
Johnson file will be on your desk later
this afternoon
she needs the Johnson file by noon can
you have it done by then
okay hurry everybody working on some ICP
reports over there I'm making that up
where's that from that's from office
space remember that is like working on
some HSC Reports IRC HSR C elemental P X
Y Z W half-hitch what is it what are
they call if you guys tell me I'm sure
yours will tell me in the comments only
500 of you Tommy Kay after 500 people
have commented on what the real reports
are from office space and nobody else do
it k because that's all I need is just
500 you to tell me KP well there goes Oh
Mike that's so fast wall can I get that
for Christmas mommy are you really gonna
put the fastest no you're gonna put it
together and I'll play with it for a
while and then it'll break and then
it'll be pieces all over the house oh
dude that's so fast
because it's a speed demon coaster duh
speed demon coasters are fast okay let's
go see he's got something to show us
let's go check it out
okay come on okay but the speed demon
coaster baby tard can you believe how
fast it is it's in surmountable favorite
part about it 600 bases Oh that'll be
awesome I love beating up pieces
speed demon coasters check it out it's a
shaycarl doll shake ro you want that
this what what are you calling this Isle
mommy this is the mo my want that for
Christmas aisle what is this mr. stinky
the garbage truck do do something cool
to impress my children and cause me to
spend 60 or more dollars go unimpressive
unimpressive
you're not buying that so I want one of
those training eyes really look where
the Red Fern Grows stop hiccupping hold
your breath whenever I just water hold
my breath that works every single time
here I'll spit in your mouth seriously
let me out let me spin around do you
want to hide and seek Joe Joe what is
this one day Greg one ear goalie it
really plays good Harry
I wasn't she was hiding you're stupid
you don't even know which person's
hiding it was her not me you don't see
her
it the interactive bunny that really
plays hide and seek sounds like a crock
amaura helicopter oh I'm so proud of you
already wanting to get into the
photography film world are you gonna be
a DP director of photography yeah you
can get that little baby right there
flying around your school wait no no no
wait I don't think I said yes I was
agreeing with your career in the film
industry
well you have to wait and see what Santa
Claus brings you for Christmas you gotta
wait till after the holidays son tired
can I ask you a question as a six year
old in the world how do you deal with
disappointment how do you deal with not
getting everything you want I mean cuz
you could throw a fit or you could be
like okay what are you what goes through
your mind when your parents tell you you
can't have something but you do listen
huh that's good hey boys and girls I'm
woody what actual movie size what the
actual movie size are like 15 feet tall
right
depends on what screen you sod on the
actual movie sighs whew it's like an
IMAX ad to be like a 20-foot Woody doll
to be sweet
20-foot Woody doll in your bedroom like
he's under your bed in his arms and legs
are like pointing out of all directions
of your bed you like wrap his arms on
your bed like like eat you hope you're a
tackle Wow is this Demi lagunes is this
Demi lagunes is this is this Paris this
is Paris Cyrus that's Selina Gillette
avato wizards of ways what's in it what
since Wizards of Waverly Place
oh it's pooh tarde tarde let's see what
doll we're getting here Oh precious
we're we're possibly gonna get it we
pose if we possibly can get that doll
you want to get it that's for a bird a
girl that we're going to the birthday
party for hey guys shaycarl here we're
at a local shopping establishment that
rhymes with Walmart and we are yeah
rhymes with Walmart and we are buying a
bunch of worthless plastic that we don't
need and that we probably could use that
money to send to other people who are in
need but we don't care cause we're
Americans and we just use what we want
buy a birthday present for somebody
excuse me like I said a giant waste of
time and money but anyways I hope you
guys aren't starving to death out there
and if you just got a bill that says
they're gonna turn off your electricity
in your water sorry too bad but we we
got this 18 foot
doll that we're taking to a birthday
party what on press this morning yeah
you're gonna get a box and in that box
is gonna be not even a paper but on the
bottom of the cardboard box it's gonna
say a giant waste of time
your face is a giant it's the time
listen all I want for Christmas is a box
that says your money was spent on your
Christmas presents this year to bring
hope peace charity and love to the
children around the world that's all I
care about all I want this holiday
season yeah and then you'll laugh and go
where's my real present to start you're
gonna grow up and you're gonna be uh
gonna be a famous actress yeah yes yeah
what are you gonna be no yeah no yeah
you're gonna Matt you're gonna grow up
and be in the movies and make millions
and buy me a Maserati yeah yes yeah
you're not gonna be a police officer you
cannot do what you wanted when you grow
up that is a common misconception you
cannot be anything you want to be you
can be what I tell you to be okay she's
like wait why do you want to be a police
officer you gotta have a razor do you
want to shoot people in their faces
what do you wanna do you want to help
people yes what arrest the scum of the
earth wanna help people
yeah that sounds like a bunch of
bullcrap to me ah you can punch her that
in the necklace that father of the
father of the year
I'm an a machete I'm the father of the
holy Hannah Montana
I'm Jewish grubbin be Hannah Montana Wow
can you see can you see princess hard as
a police officer like wow you stepped on
some necks you know punch people in
their kidneys princess hard yeah you're
gonna help people that's good son Terry
we're gonna be when you grow up an
astronaut you want to be a motorcycle
rider
but I don't know you don't know well you
need to hurry and decide because if you
don't have it submitted by the age of
seven that you'll never become what you
want to become Natsu I don't know that
girl I just I better what I did play
Miller from high school that was weird
it was like like what else people that
you knew in high school but you never
really talked to and I was like I just
thought she was a random lady and I
waved to her but I'm like oh wait I know
you
it was like this weird it's weird cuz me
and that girl have kind of a
relationship where we went to high
school together
I know who she is but like I don't think
I've ever talked to her in my life but I
know that I've seen her growing up in my
life many times do you have people like
that in your life where it's like yeah
that's the guy that I would I would
always see after third hour in eighth
grade and then and then in my senior
year that that person did this or
whatever it's like you always saw that
person or knew who they were but you
never actually had any interaction or
conversations with them but you know
them and then later in life like 10
years down the road you see them you're
like I know that person we've never
actually shared one word or thought
together but it's like me and that
person had this little relationship is
that right so are these true words are
skewing from my lips I know your shake
are oh oh
then everything I say is new intel on
take that Spanish for genius we're going
to a birthday party everyone shut your
mouth happy birthday to you I think I'm
on extra angsty / obnoxious mood today
yeah I like it she has high we had a
relationship a relationship person don't
show her I don't want them to have the
relationship that I have with her I
never know what me and her have been
through we've never spoken of it
Brenda start when you grow up I want you
to be a schoolteacher yeah what do you
want to be
you know it's funny as she's actually
like held to that that's been like like
for five months yeah she said she's want
to be a police officer so maybe it
should stick with it in my mind that's
the last thing I can see her doing when
she grows up but what else to each their
own that's what my grandpappy just okay
I think of a name for my grandpappy but
you didn't have a name you just was
known as grandpappy oh good old
grandpappy knowledge that's what we call
them all right turn off the cameras
ridiculous cut it is college should I
turn off fix it in post or now
