Oh Doki we're going home today we're
coming home going home to America today
today we are in America already we're
just going home to Idaho hurricane you
guys want to see something really really
cool and crazy for the people who've
been watching Shaytards for a long time
do you guys remember back in the day
when i stoled internet Wi-Fi from a
hotel that was behind our house when we
lived here in Venice Beach and later I
went to the front desk of the hotel and
apologized for stealing their internet
I'm staying in the hotel right now
there's our old house because remember
that house right there remember we used
to type Malakai up to that tree right
there and bath him print this card
jumped off right
there she jumped off that roof and I
caught her in one of the videos Sun thar
jumped off that fireplace we had a big
water fight their sons hardened earned
how to ride his bike without training
wheels in that alley right there that's
pretty crazy a lot of memories in that
house kind of like oh this is like a
memorable area for me you guys remember
all those videos crazy right think back
time flies when you're living life
headed home today I'm excited I just
talked to mommy turned and it's snowing
in Idaho and I am pumped to buy a snow
blower
I've always wanted a snow blower ever
since I was a kid I always had to shovel
the snow but I always remember saying
when I grow up and I'm an old guy I have
money I'm buying a snow blower I'm gonna
show this crap anymore so I'm going to
Sears or wherever they sell them and I'm
buying me a snow blower when I get back
and I cannot wait to like put my ipod in
its gonna be like rolling along I'm
gonna put my ipod in just go out there
and shovel the snow with my
snowblower I'm pumped about it alright
so head to the airport right now jump
off the rental car get on the airplane
don't get a flight I know oh here we go
this is another tip I'm saving money on
your rental car because they try to sell
you the prepaid gas which is more
expensive than the normal gas if you say
no I'll just filled up myself a lot of
times you're like late to get into the
airport you like grabbing on time to
stop to fill up my car with gas so then
you just take it back to the place and
that's fine they charge you five dollars
a gallon to fill it up so it's like you
always got to set yourself enough time
to get to the airport where you have to
stop get gas first where else you gonna
be paying five bucks a gallon so I'm
here filling up some smart traveler yeah
travel to cliche Karl well travel tip
tard and I'm at this light and I miss my
little exit and I guarantee you some of
these guys are too and it says no you
turn up here it's like why do they do
that
I need to turn around but it says on the
sign no u-turn but I'm almost positive
one of these cars are gonna do it and
I'm gonna be good I'm gonna be a bad
example because if one of them does I'm
doing it let's see what happens
nobody no takers dang it
alright we'll follow the law there's
nobody willing to be rebels with me
looking at all breaking the law I'll
just go for a beauty up here here we go
here's the Yui party
there's the Yui party there's my homeboy
we're flippin eue I knew somebody in
there had to flip eue you dirty Yui
flippers
but flippin are those you ease one thing
that's actually also saved me
and time is this little bag that I got
one time when I was going to LA I got to
the airport too late and they said they
couldn't check my suitcase in and I was
freaking out we missed the plan I got to
bring my clothes and I'm sorry we can't
check your suitcase and I was like ten
minutes too late so she goes if you
could fit it into a carry-on we can do
that I'm like I don't have carry on I
still my backpack so I went to the store
that they had at the airport I bought
this bag it's like a giant backpack but
it has like a handle on it and it cost
$120 I'm like hundred twenty dollars
this was so pissed off now I never have
to check the back because I can carry
this on and like add that up it's $25 to
check a bag that gets expensive like
four flights it's 100 bucks I've already
saved myself so that I got this bag kids
need to remind me to set up a Skype
priority membership with adult start
accumulating frequent flyer whenever
dick Ulis
miles and all these plates by the
country of Iceland I backed up with all
the miles that cracked up they have
when a membership of any of these
programs you guys many do that
fedora
sugar compartment remember last time we
chase
determined
again trouble
I got a receipt
stand up
but in case you really want to hear that
really famous way they're like
ashtray in the bathroom
put those sticker
hey y'all it's hey y'all I'm not from
Texas I don't know okay here is my new
flip camera bedazzled mint tada don't
you love it it's so pretty I just love
it this morning we woke up some chard
woke up a half an hour early because of
daylight savings time which means we
gained an hour so when it was time for
him to get up it was really like an hour
earlier later I'm confused anyway and
this is what we woke up to it is a
winter wonderland out there and there's
like at least two inches in the snow and
it's still coming down so last week was
like in the 70s and this week we are
snow that's for you and I love it it's
so exciting
pretty start was the most excited sheep
hey honey yeah Christmas not for another
two months it is snowing so we will
definitely get out our snow gear within
the next few days and mix and memories
it is a cold
I can see my breath watch
yeah like 30 degrees I stopped to my mom
she goes I bet you hear where it is
shorts the t-shirt aren't you yeah I
just we have a little surprise waiting
for you and you get back here
it's cold and snowy I would have it no
other way
one of my hyperventilated and passed out
right here on the tarmac and colleague
a good play I'm gonna make it on this
way nice thank you
I love it
I took the elsevier play
looking pretty cool to be out there
we're at the airport again picking Shay
up over sucks
nice excited to show up yeah those are
so cool I hope that he's not forget me
so we're going him
we are so excited to see Shay we have a
little surprise to show him I think he
already saw some pictures on Twitter
that I sent but it was the first day of
snow like real snow here in Idaho and
that is always his favorite day and he
missed it because he loves know he loves
skiing it's like oh one of his favorite
things so I feel badly he missed it but
I'm excited for him to go home and see
there's still like two inches of snow
hiding from dad and he's gonna come
through that door and when are you guys
gonna surprise him are you gonna wait
til he finds you yeah you're gonna wait
till he sees you and then surprise oh
okay they're so cute
that'll be so funny mom you guys
disappointed they finally fixed our
plywood jetway and now we don't get to
walk down there with the home depot
lights anymore we have a brand new one
hook check it out she's filming me
they're hiding I found you those are
nice or do those oh you get a haircut -
yeah - you got a whole new look we're
gonna make them hurt is that your
basketball shirt nice dude you girls
look pretty got your coats on it's cold
outside huh okay mommy tired what are we
doing son tart is taking pictures with
his basketball team for pictures that's
why they do it for memories that's what
it's what memories I forgot why they
take pictures now I remember it's never
easy
nice did you miss me while I was gone
huh what did you do I was gone did you
like it what position do you play do you
play the position where all the kids run
to try to grab the basketball at the
same time what position do you play you
don't know how many games you have six
and who do you play against you guys
have a team name what's your team name
blue thunder who came up with that idea
you're not buying those young lady
listen to me there's no way you're
buying those please evacuate the store
immediately eighteen Campbells died to
give their lives for those boots look at
those things they're idiots
Oh Caesar Tarr paralyzation dog crazy
monkeys get ready to eat spaghetti
well it's security art rub your hands up
as they are as they are you need that
whole burger dude you better let see
your bed don't spill on your shirt okay
she's gonna make a giant mess no matter
what I put a little bit dress on her all
right sit down what's mommy tard having
looks delicious
daddy's enjoying a nice Caesar shrimp
salad son tart over here rocking the
burger and fries and lemonade already I
eat first when you guys eat while I lay
here and look at the ceiling that's how
I do it you know there's a very
momentous moment in our lives kids come
here please children come here hey you
guys good news come on you guys
everybody come here guess what it is
this is the first snowball of the season
and that's not meant to sing who should
it go to
oh jeez what your mom you're right
congratulations you had the first
snowball of the year it's on your
shoulder watch out they're making more
of them the girl√≠s sometimes making the
snowball and a t-shirt isn't that cold
oh you got my hand
oh my beard what are you doing with that
young man no your mom's gonna be po-2
you you're in trouble you got me a
little bit see my shirt he's ever heard
of a whitewash here's one dude your
toothpick in your mouth stabbed my
finger look I'm bleeding
I try what are you doing
put that down put that down young lady
hit your mom with my finger I'm bleeding
sundered a toothpick in his mouth and I
tried to give him a whitewash and I
stabbed me on the finger oh I'm happy
all right
but throwing snowballs get inside you
crazy kids surprise the goods
