in the music game right after this is
the first one so
I've never had good hand-eye
coordination I actually played it it's a
really interesting story I know guys
like know where to sit
so just hang out by the door
here's the swimming pool that looks fun
I actually swam in this pool with my
kids before we stayed at this hotel one
time I when my mom came down we stayed
at this hotel me and the kids and
Charles Trippy was here yeah me and the
kids swim in that pool on Charles Trippy
this area anyways so busy you guys I had
a meeting all day yesterday with Pepsi
about their refresh everything website
and about some upcoming stuff that we're
gonna help them out with it this is
exciting isn't it excitement like every
Hotel like that every time you open the
door it's like you're unwrapping your
present like what's it gonna be like
this is pretty nice check it one two got
a little wet bar there with water high
and a little TV a little couch action
this is perfect
this is perfect where's my where's my
where do I go poo poo and pee pee in the
potty in here yeah that looks pretty
standard shower Oh showerhead is
important but know the best way to rate
a hotel if it's a good hotel is the
wireless it has fast free wireless it's
the best hotel it doesn't matter what
the rooms like is that what the beds
like AC here we go
that is one of the starters
this is great they're selling
that's wrong meat right there I'm sorry
I practice a lot of you guys though
hey I'm vlogging here hey guys alright
the offices and I'm playing can see my
hat what do you think a sweet hat or
what I'm a butcher you see my blood on
my apron I'm a butcher for this this you
guys I'm so scared seriously Jays gone
and there's a monster in the house what
am I gonna do
scary
you look like yourself what are you guys
listening to let's match makers and that
could anybody me but that's from the
time but well present it doesn't it
tired Sundra dude he's over here
laughing let's go find out what he's
doing
what are you doing such hard videos yeah
oh my goodness
are those is that the Shaytards yeah
they're so close they are they're like
the funnest it oh man from a while back
remember that house
look at us
here's the little tides watching our our
videos oh do you think miss your dad
yeah where is he in California what's he
gonna come on you don't want some
filming some videos that whatever think
he's filming what kind of videos funny
we all I can't stuffer wrap around the
face yeah like we were broke well that's
what we're doing shake them some
tomorrow swoosh - I love you honey
