get it here you go flip that dog perfect
right eye first time flipping a big one
you realize that this sign is from the
last time that I came home it's just
still sitting there and now it's like I
got home again and it's still relevant
which is not gonna help a anymore says
welcome home dad thanks for visiting the
people that matter most every once in a
while between business trips you jerk
that's what it says oh shoot yeah oh
there's a mouse and mouse okay I'm gonna
go open the door I'm gonna go open the
door oh I don't want to get close to it
okay okay okay okay uh okay okay okay
open the door open the door woman oh I
don't want to kill it but I don't want
it in my house I can't with the door
hold on my hair and then I look in the
back of my should I tank in the back as
a mirror and I see a mouse kitty there's
another cat but I wouldn't do a
scientifically James trying to find it I
think it lost it oh my gosh yeah yeah
yes I think so
I think it's like over there tires thank
you you're scared
where is she's under the pool table
what where is it oh my gosh dude
I'm freaking right now sorry let's make
it Boston you're fun I think it lost it
yeah play James scene vocals are first
gene Tina okay yes there's a mouse in
the house and yes we have cats and cats
can get mice I'll try to get it and get
it outside but if the cat gets the mouse
that's how the nature of life works
okay people okay where's my shoes I
can't be down there with my feet cuz I'm
really jumpy I'm not afraid of mice it's
just creepy
you know creepy we're trying to help
James by moving stuff around yeah she's
a police and Lois and then she's like
baby look mouse ran out and she just
started four yet she jumped off and
things are different unit did you get it
James you're a champion trying to so we
brought the other little cat in here was
super traumatized like literally jumped
out of my hands and I was like man like
I don't know I didn't I didn't know I'm
dead to me there's one we have one cat
that she's just a little bit she's
scared of people I think she got picked
up by a child and was not happy when she
was a little baby
so was super traumatized that we even
brought it in the house but James is
like I got this yeah this is des I got
this
he's like che shayzon here you know I'm
gonna I'm gonna step up and be the man
of the house right now I'm gonna get
this house James you're awesome
he's like a hunter look he's not giving
up okay let's move some stuff around for
him again help him find the mouse
I'm just like making a giant mess in the
storage room okay well no success with
the mouse but we've got to go to school
so James is going to stay in the house
and get the mouse I don't have a door
little bit open so the mouse could go
out of it but I don't want to leave the
door open because there might be more
mice coming in he might be inviting his
friends and I don't really want to
extend the invitation I guess so I just
saw that they came out with a phone yeah
I let all the cats know well all the
ones that wanted to come in I let them
in the house we're going to figure out
how to get that Mouse out of the house
and I don't have any traps I don't have
anything safe for the mouse to get out
of the house yeah we just saw they have
a new iPhone and I asked the kids what
is what is se stand for the iPhone se I
said it's super edible super edible
iPhone yeah if you need a snack I got my
iPhone as hey guys how's that money did
you get the mouse yet he's like no this
feels great
well I have some bad news we never
caught the mouse I even let three of the
cats inside and like made them stay in
the basement and hopefully they weren't
catch it but they didn't what are you
doing yeah remember oh wait you were
sleeping yeah there's a mouse in the
basement somewhere oh did you put his
toy up there it was fine Oh where's
another one ah let's go find another one
I hope you find another ah oh let's go
find another spider-man toy Shay's on
his way home I can't wait to see but he
just landed and sorry waiting I've been
watching a lot of times yeah boy you
want to see him more I don't know I
would fight you for that title I want to
see most ed he's
oh we miss you so much my my my my my
daddy's home daddy's home daddy's oh we
missed you so much I'm so tired
did I barely barely barely got on my
flightless mom almost missed it if you
would had to check a bag you on you made
it huh
if one more day one more stop right okay
one more minute so I just barely really
got okay
brah hold on so here's the situation
when I left robbed absolutely no present
I said wait you can't stand it I can I
can learn how to wait daddy guys man
daddy's just excited about the fruit
your first there's your present it's a
fruit ball Wow Batman believe me if I
told you I got enough that's it let's
see it Daxter is that a bad man
motorcycle my gosh you guys are luckiest
dog in the whole world
yeah hey what do you know the guys
swelled you guys I think we get another
one just his face he's like oh no blues
wins
whoops-a-daisy actually what thing cuz I
Love Lucy it yes I bought all this stuff
after I got weight to not ki and this
actually
I was the very last person on the plane
was buying this Oh at least you were on
the plane I got you all exact same stuff
say what class and babe I got this guy
say mommy tell me thank you show me
you're grateful not a squirrel yeah that
kid what do you say to Daddy where's my
hug buddy
we thank you hug I like to hear that
well what do I get
turn the camera off now shows hey babe I
just realized something
what I just realized something that I do
not like one the lens is broken too you
realize that this sign is from the last
time that I came home and it's just
still sitting there and now it's like I
got home again and it's still relevant I
just thought how sad is that my my kids
make me welcome home sign they're like
we'll just leave it by the door because
we'll need to use it about two or three
times a week and it'd just be a waste of
time to make another one so just leave
it there what you just pull it out with
every time dad comes home which is not
gonna how it's gonna be anymore
says welcome home dad thanks for
visiting the people that matter most
every once in a while between business
trips jerk that's what it says it could
just mean that you you you could you bet
look at you trying to think of a silver
lining to my horrible fatherhood you
mark my words I'm saying no you want me
to do a project no you want me to do a
collab no you want me to come to your
convention no no I'm staying here well
it's my number no what's my name know
something I don't know you guys nothing
to do I miss
here at home and just feeling like
there's nothing else I'm saying no to
everything
my motto 2016 no leave me alone
no no ain't going nowhere no yeah you
love it yes yes chocolate yes beautiful
morning breakfast Singh set
hi guys we're gonna go check the steak
yeah tell them that you guys put a steak
on here I put on I put on a bow and make
their which ones you put on yeah yeah
that one looks good huh yeah
spider-man what else we have it with our
dinner Oh spider my spiders no or not
steaks and salad huh all right you guys
check it out check it out check it out
look the snow is melted except for this
one little drift and it is like right
here in the corner and all the snow this
year actually broke off all four of the
legs on our grill and it also broke off
the handle because there's so much snow
that it like leaned up against our grill
and busted all the legs off anyways it's
spring time on Lily Lily Ling time sweet
love clip it's your back to pinch your
nose with this okay you flip the steak
student Broxson charge all right we're
having a Sunday steak fry on this
beautiful spring day that's a good flip
dog I was perfect I am twisted you got
that steak twist in our mint you okay
flip the other ones perfect lines dude
look at those lines yes grill marks to
perfection
there's Gavin Butler human five man
making steaks on Sunday making steak
songs on the Hayes thickest steak steak
on Sunday making steaks on some D flip
them flip them Brock did you know that I
love you you can put this one and this
one in this one
Gavin wants to be a cook I think all the
kids want to be cooked it's really good
dessert oh he has already put put that
big one get it here you go
flip that dog perfect my first time
flipping a big one second time flipping
a big one get it
use your muscles pull that thing off of
there you got it
is it hot heyit's you got it stuck you
can do it let him do it
he's both hands there you go did it such
a perfectionist get those steak lines
like oh those are metal there no jeez oh
I was a shotgun blast
Oh Oh gladion Gavin don't throw so hard
you're gonna hurt it I got the ice ball
jeez you guys okay no throwing ice balls
at each other well looks like our snow
fort moved over here aive keep digging
yeah get that shovel last snow fort of
the year that was fun huh maybe I would
build a sweet snow for this year huh
gotta build another one or you guys
could just get the rest of the snow off
the porch I dare you guys to build a
little tiny one and get inside of it
okay double dog dare yeah now you have
to do it secret love Oh Zeke the cat is
equalling James get it get it get it get
it kitty come here license take James he
could get kitty
is it a dinner dance it made you a cat
Emmie why may give you whiskers you did
yourself I like it
alright we got making over here okay
smells good
Caesar salad and stinks there's the
salad you got some pine nuts and cashews
nut cashews croutons some pine nuts
looking good nice rock throwing
snowballs oh he's gonna get it big
brother big brother's not gonna take any
more
oh right in the butt oh right in the
butt I got it hey bags they're diggin
the snow for throwing snowballs Oh Brock
you're like no throw it at your brother
and sister they're double-teaming you
what the window do to you throw it at
the guy throwing snowballs at you nice
you guys get that for Doug yet no ports
last snowboard of the year yeah
oh hey go get me a plate these steaks
already a me grab me a plate I put the
steaks on please Rob doesn't Point Blank
Oh nan house not now season refuge he
got he called asylum what's that gold
don't hit Emmy Emmy come on out hey see
you havea yeah Emmy hurry he's right
there in the window
Brock run you better run run bright make
a run for it go for it rock run go Oh
got him oh nice jump is it time to swing
oh it's spring time how exciting the
boys are gonna start using the swing set
okay he did they get hurt go push those
boys please your hair's getting long
lupus what the hey Chi double hockey
sticks going on over here this yeah I
told them gab you get that snow fork
Doug yet it looks like you're just
shoveling the walk mostly
springtime swing time on top of the
world
where's your shoes Dax like to that
little boy what was that
stepping something gross yeah
oh no just having something else gross
oh I hate when that happens
you're safe oh he's in the tree there he
goes he's safe
can't get him Zeke James in the tree
nice jump does a backflip jump out of
there
he's so agile push out of gas
out of electricity push it she's pretty
ugly guys I learning the hard way
Brock why don't you get in it and drive
it a navy will push it Brock get in and
drive it push on the gas and steer it go
there you go pay attention drive go
drive in the garage
put on the gas Brock hold on a via we
have to put another one in there too
good big sister that's a good engine you
got there
okay go plug it in charge those
batteries James what do you think you're
doing it they're nice wants a job jump
and climb on stuff James you crazy cat
what are you doing I know I love him
you jealous Bronstein he jealous look at
that cute bunch liquitex hair circles in
the backyard you guys are cute is ready
yep those are gonna look a trick kill it
doesn't watch me whip watch me nae nae
get it yeah I want to scare you
Oh gaming channel oh look at those
mistakes are looking good don't have a I
did bring some hot pads here's the
handle you know so yeah you don't need
handles but we're going you don't need
handles those look good let's go get
them inside you know what do you see the
steam coming off I'm here okay no balls
see comments
got him
Sikhs like I'm out here oh you guys eat
I'm glad you missed Daxton oh yeah it's
cold
yeah you see him coming
yeah I love you come on back you cold
what's one in the motor segment
afterwards you already got to go for
ride lucky you're all you got to go on a
ride let's go inside we're gonna
Wheaties gonna come in we're gonna eat
now yeah we're gonna go eat
look he's in a park yet he really didn't
know what that one hey we'll go on right
after he dinner okay
oh my that's dinner whoops-a-daisy that
looks delicious and thanks everybody for
helping everybody work together
Brock up cooked the steaks and he cooked
the rice avi made the salad Gavin dug
the snow fort everybody pitched in
Daxton hey what did you do it's right
nothing not a dang thing you set around
and complain the whole time
well that doesn't help much but we
appreciate it Dax can you help out
around the house a little bit more huh
that Jackson will you do some vacuuming
you're not listening all right well
we're eating dinner it's a Sunday night
Oh shame
you
