Hey oh crap which way do I go
oh they have to go this way Washington
Boulevard or Washington Place crap
alright so guys I am up early it is 8:05
no it's not liar-face it's 7:05 why
because somebody invented daylight
savings time I think it's for the
farmers right isn't that why they
invented it it's better for the farmers
for the sunlight help the food grow
I don't know anyways it's 7:00 in the
morning this is I mean I don't get up
this early this is this is usually what
time I go to bed working hard here in
Los Angeles I am headed this way
so tired and disoriented we filmed last
night to like 11 I was with Michael
Gallagher and Cassim we've got this
really cool script it's called the
hacker script that it's coming up pretty
soon I think it's pretty funny he is is
hopefully hopefully you like and
hopefully you'll like our internet
comedy that we made for you
but I am headed to go shoot with
lisanova and good neighbor and if you
know who good neighbor is you love them
and if you don't you probably will love
them go check them out they're really
they're really funny guys some of their
stuff you're like what like whatever it
is like what the heck is going on here
and they're just so random and funny so
I'm going to shoot with Lisa it's gonna
be a pretty big shoot there's a lot of
dialogue here's my script see the
station script yeah and and then I'm
gonna go film with Fred the interns so
it's like video after video after video
for the last three days and I am so
sorry about the vlogs you guys please be
patient and I love you for understanding
and I'm excited to be home just keep
talking to mommy tired we did we did
FaceTime last night with the face to
face thing I was like Bobby liked me a
few I'll be home soon
I'm going home tomorrow so today's the
last day of filming in the loss
Angeles then I'm headed home tomorrow
and the vlogs be back on track we're not
quitting the vlogs
you guys always getting some kind of
drama going on I think so many people
were saying that I was arrested and that
I had died and all this other stuff but
look I'm healthy I am I'm in tip-top
shape like normal I'm in the prime of my
life so I'm headed to the Shu right now
just got to give you guys a little quick
iPhone update I love you and I will see
you soon okay push the button that says
bye bye now bye
