family card hi guys okay Carly's
blogging us because she doesn't want to
be on camera now because she looks too
beautiful I think you know because I
have on these kinds of shorts zebra
animal well
shayzon so busy filming that rocked hard
to say she would shut up the vlog today
oh are you were gonna run late on man oh
oh that's bit of love okay and he's
writing his google google caterpillar
shirt oh thing ever it's on the hungry
caterpillar but google smoogle google so
we just wanted to blog our sillies hey
tarns
son of mine card stop smacking yeah I
think I'm in support for that hands on
hips miles on lips five six seven toe
touch baby sorry get your little booty
down here oh poor girl and clean blow
kiss job oh yeah gol I can't condone
that one I can't support that one you
have to do it the right way
nope where do you start with your hands
and your ears you know in your ears
remember what hurt turn your second hand
in and maybe we should warm that up baby
tarde tries so hard to line up her hands
and she's chuckles it makes me is that
the pump you're talking is your back leg
yes actually pretty lighting you're just
so we want to show you
doing here while he's gone in LA we
always miss him of course but we still
have fun we hold up yeah right we have
more fun whatever how happy we are the
party come on you're the party quieter
yeah and the kids don't good synchronize
nice nice there princess whoa Oh like a
g6 all right we'll see you guys later
love you Shane hold on son card had to
get in his rapping dancing I like the
hair styling I've never seen that move
before whoa
96 doesn't music he makes his own nice
g6 Turkey all right we'll see you guys I
