it's nine o'clock in the morning dance
party
two chains in the air all right we are
getting a little Denny's you know only
the best for the Shaytards and then
daddies I wonder where you guys gonna
miss me show me how much you're gonna
miss me
kiss my beard oh you're so lucky get to
kiss do you love me Zagros kissing
daddy's beard I have to go to California
today to shoot more Internet videos and
we're gonna go get some breakfast before
we head out he's ready yes who's getting
hashbrowns and in the morning I'm making
waffles thank you very much sir yeah
it's art crawl inside there go in there
and get a toy look here come on side
there he can fit I was a kid I'd be
crawling there all the time
kidneys think how cool would be to just
like jumping around inside they're full
of stuffed animals I'd be so cool
taking a nap in there go to go get some
hashbrowns
I really like Josh groans yeah thank you
thanks are you doing this morning good
breakfast let's see that smile
colognes you smile because getting I'm
gonna get our ranch salad I like the
ranch salads here have a good ranch what
should I call it I'm all about saving
time a lot of people yeah I'm about you
know it's just about getting things done
you know ranch salad
do you really know like different
restaurants have different branches it's
like a different commitment I know it's
a different mixture why did I mix up a
mixture and commitment to commitment to
make a good ranch dressing different
restaurants have a different mixture of
ranch I really like Denny's ranch I
don't know if it's nationwide like that
I think it is because I think it's a
chain so they pray all do it the same it
was quite different ingredients due to
location and geography but listen I'm
committed to having a good ranch salad
what are you getting son tard
there's so many choices huh yeah well
fries and chicken all right all right
I'm a sucker guess we play the stupid
game even though we know it's a waste of
money you get four quarters to put those
two in there give her a shot put them in
the same one don't push it okay don't
move it over go for maybe we need to poo
right there okay
no is it close yeah pull I don't know go
over there yeah I'll try that red one
right there okay right over top of it Oh
over over nope nope back so what do you
do Oh
maybe you'll get the Hat Oh rats you
want to try / closer
all right disappointment
I'm disappointed son tards gone to
school and let him skip early what's the
deal here hold on how to put it in park
okay we're not bad parents we let
sundered skip because we all went out to
breakfast but now he has to go to school
excited he likes school he was actually
really disappointed this morning when he
woke up because but I'm gonna miss
library day sundered come say goodbye to
me you still looks ugly it still leaves
ever no kiss and girls today alright
keep your lips off the ladies paper rock
scissors before you play rock scissors
it's important that you look into the
other person's eyes into their soul look
at me look at me I need to know what
kind of player you are you aggressive
are you passing ready okay I know one
two three
oh do you want a balloon mm ooh people
of the interwebs what happens she pulls
her hair over her face mirdon
no disappearing something bigger
something smaller who can name that
movie who can do it can you do it then
you're a Disney fool like me your fellow
passengers will appreciate no smoking in
this area it seems kind of
passive-aggressive it's like they're
blinding out on the passenger that's
like hey listen we're not telling you
can't smoke but you know what would be
really great if you didn't cuz everybody
around here or just I think they would
really like if you did it's like why
can't they just say no smoking you know
guys if you think about it think about
others when you're smoking in this area
wanna hang on the stairs
she's no not so much
she's like Daddy wanna hang and then she
actually goes it and I felt like I ball
down see you guys said a wave are you
dancing what's going on there
going with a Dodge Caliber nice it's
always interesting to see what car I'm
gonna get I've really learned that the
tricks of the trade of renting a car
they try to penny and dime you
oh it's tight Weis that's what she said
that I shouldn't have said that I'm
sorry hey penny that they nickel and
dime the crap out of you when you try to
run a car they try to sell you
everything in this Sun but I've learned
like not to get anything because before
I was spending like a hundred dollars on
extra stuff like insurance they try to
scare the crap out of you like you
should probably get this insurance
because blah blah blah and all these
reasons and now I've not learned that
I'm like I don't need that stupid I mean
they try to sell you like their prepaid
gas which is like $5.99 it's just
ridiculous anyways we're here
we made it once again another safe trip
to Los Angeles how many trips Los
Angeles have we made now anybody count
has it been like ten since we first
moved back to I know how many times have
I come back here that would take some
really investigation to look I should
have kept all my flight receipts but I
don't just it's so sick of having
receipts everywhere so just throw them
away that's not smart I should get a
filing cabinet okay here we go seat belt
on where is it oh this car didn't have a
seat belt that was an option
I didn't upgrade to this seat belt
version they did that a seat belt fee
would you like a seat belt in your
rental car today mr. fait yeah brought
this bungee cord gonna wrap my head
around him one of those emotes or like a
bungee cord wrapped around your head on
the headrest you like
you got pulled over and your head was
but you strapped to this head this ear
as this thing what is it call I don't
know okay you gotta go by there's this
tree that I always walk by when I'm here
at the office and I think this person is
a lover of trees cuz look what they did
they cut holes out of their fence just
so these branches could grow out of the
fence instead of just cutting the
branches off a guy they're growing out
too far because cut little holes in the
fence let it thrive you're lucky you
rise that mr. branch do you realize that
mr. branch you're very lucky branch look
at you
thriving on the earth good for you yeah
it's my favorite song the reason I love
that song so much as I just like you
know what you know the words to a song
like you got him down back it's like you
just love singing that song because it's
like in your bones in your soul that's
how it is for me and that song anyways I
don't know if you have a song like that
but this one what are you looking at
lady I'm seeing here I'm singing you
alrighty then were in Los Angeles
California driving down the road ice
into the office the station I was just
at maker studios it's crazy man every
time I come back there's like more
people that I don't know I walk in and
there's like 50 people and I'm just like
holy crap who are all these people
it's crazy it's exciting it's really
it's really cool anyway so now I'm
headed to go to a video shoot at Joe
police's how
that I'm gonna put on my sheet caramel
Channel sometime it's gonna be funny
there's a new guy you know guys Joe
fleeces have you watched the station too
at all he doesn't think all the
station's watching you where people can
submit like people on YouTube can submit
their favorite youtubers with under ten
thousand subscribers so then we watch
them and then we help promote them and
you know just to give people that make
really good stuff out there you know
like help promote other people and this
guy named Alex that we found through
that actually just joined the station he
just moved down here and he's living in
my room that that house where Joe lives
and so I stay in hotel so thanks Alex
for joining the station and kicking me
out of my room you big jerk
so I'm gonna go punch him in the face no
we're gonna go shoot a video together
and it's gonna be exciting and yeah
that's just an update that's not hard to
do DeStorm is about to eat a tree of
some sort no pressure
get it and stop being a wuss the cable
is rated up to 1500 pounds
I've got like a lot of those panels I
have AB that says we have 1490 Aaron
surveys and let you know it's an ass is
shaycarl on board
oh come with us oh they left oh he lost
some passengers William of DC do not
push me in the swimming pool like what
if we push it in the pool right now
no I have an iPhone 4 we'll break it I
know six hey guys check earlier we're on
the roof there's the swimming pool
there's me great jazz music
the ambience is amazing and here's the
LA this is the hotel I'm staying out
okay you guys I'm in my hotel here's the
bathroom I love this bathroom I love the
tile like I'm a tile guy because I did
granite for like four years I would
loved like bathrooms are my favorite
thing the day that we build a house for
our family
hi look it's me I'm gonna go crazy in
the bathroom because I didn't grab the
work I like no this is like a marble
it's so funny because if you've ever
done a job you look at that when you see
it in real life you think about it more
but like when I walk into a bathroom
like this I guarantee there's only a few
people but I think like me and like
those grout lines they probably gonna
clean those butter
yeah I see this tile it's not even I
should have started up here I start
critiquing the person who did this tile
job I love it I love cool bathroom
that's like one of my things is that
weird to have a thing a bathroom thing
when I build our house you know your
dream house the day that I have my dream
house I'm gonna go crazy in the bathroom
I'm at like waterfalls tile and granite
slides and so when I'm here in my room
there's my bed and look there's a
balcony
I could I could literally hang a baby
off of this balcony just like Michael
Jackson but unfortunately I don't have
any of my babies with me so here's LA
it's just a view it's cool its own
little porch out here so I'm going to
bed
good night edit this video quick you
know go check out the station to video
today we all do uh
beatboxing so you can see my impression
or the best beatbox that I have is it's
not impressive I'm supposed to promote
this video but might be boxing is
horrible so just watch it and say he
sucks at that he's not good go watch it
links on my pants okay can I love you
guys bye
