you wanted some facing him I've known
that for a long time where your face you
say hi camera oh yeah you guys just got
baby turkey kisses so me and baby turn
are hanging out all day today yes I'm
tired and pretty starter at school and
Mommy tarde has the Mantis appointment
it's just been me and baby tarde hanging
out I realize like when I get to hang
out with my kids like individually you
really start to like you see their
personalities a lot more because when
we're all together it's always crazy
everybody's shout and it reads Yellin
but just me a baby tired she's so funny
she says the funniest little things that
like sometimes you know like I said when
we're all together just slip by and you
don't necessarily hear her we went to
subway and I was ordering subway and she
as I was ordering she was whispering to
me she's like dad get apples apples and
I'm like what did you say she's like
apples because you love the apples huh
you love the apples at Subway delicious
huh so I got her the applause minutes we
thought we go so cute it's like you had
to have been there moment we were
driving up to us dad did you pick the
apples I thought was so funny that she
said did you pick the apples I was like
okay
and then she goes when we got the food
we're driving up to the house and she's
like they don't have twice there cuz
normally when they get a kids know they
get a toy suppose they don't have toys
they're like okay sounds like you've
been to subway before with your mommy
huh did you like your sandwich was it
yum yum yum was well you're cute you
like hanging out with dad you do you
wanna give me five
no how about I bite your nose off okay
here we go
you did like a bunny hop what are you
doing you cleaned your room
finally geez I did grounder this closet
charlie Maria Velazquez who needs this
many pair of jeans answer me that you
have like a whole rack of jeans mine
whose are they
those Cooper's yeah I'm here these are
my other friend she's throwing in there
these are yours you asked me to help
though yeah thank you yeah we are in the
gauntlet of furniture they really just
packed it into you seriously they have
not wasted any spaces a fire hazard you
think this is cute we're at the
furniture store need a couch we think we
need a better couch we don't really have
a couch and I don't know dressers what
you want to get one for that boys they
need one Hey oh I found a dresser come
look at this
oh yeah we're just testing out the
dresser oh this one looks like it works
okay we're at Sun tardes Omni upon class
he's in there dancing right now
really genuinely just loves to dance
sting in fuel dogs hey guys I've
mentioned this on a lot of times already
I thought everybody knew but I'm still
getting tweets about it
that baby tart is on the cover of James
Blunt's new album and he was just on I
think this is the second time actually I
tweeted it last week baby tart was on
the Graham Norton Show in England I
think I've seen a few episodes of Graham
Norton Show just like online but he's
apparently a big show
Brock tard a vlog in here G sometimes
four month old just don't know when to
shut their mouths anyway so yes um baby
tart we were pumped James Blunt actually
emailed me and said hey I like this
picture and I didn't believe it was him
I was like yeah right whatever right
this is really James Blunt Yeah right
you really want to pay me for the
picture but turns out it was him and we
did we got a sum of money from James
Blunt is actually think from Capitol
Records or as I don't get that wrong I'm
not sure who the record company is but
yeah they paid us to buy the rights to
the picture do you guys what I mean it
should I have the picture that's
actually my wallpaper on my phone this
story should be an iPhone commercial I
think it would be a really cool iPhone
commercial because this was a picture
that we took we lived in Venice Beach we
lived at the very first house that we
moved there it was for one of our vlogs
I'd like was throwing the kids up in the
air like normal and I can't remember the
name of the vlog is but basically I had
Mommy tarde take a picture of me
throwing baby Tarte in the air this is
the picture right here it's on my phone
see those are my hands and there's baby
tarted she has a phone in her hand and
graham norton on the show was joking
about she was trying to call a child
protective protective services with
phone while she was in the air and she's
like oh I'm on hold
oh here comes mommy time oh my Pizza
nuts you can't come in unless you dance
with those pizzas so you have to dance
with the pizzas you can't come in
Thunder Thunder I am the funniest person
in the world
thunder it's mommy turn the dancing
Pizza the dancing beautiful lady she is
oh that smells good we have a bunch of
people coming over to our house that's
not all for us you guys mommy turds
sister brothers and sisters are coming
over so are you getting a bunch of pizza
for everybody so yeah I wanna try to
take a picture it's iPhone and she took
a picture with I'm vlogging here woman
nobody respect my vlogging this when
they send us a check for the rights to
the picture I just emailed them the
picture off of my iPhone and now this
picture is gonna be on thousands and
thousands of CD covers across the world
and it's just me throwing baby tart up
in the air and it was taken with the
iPhone you did you took a great picture
who threw her though whoo that was a
perfect precision throw but it isn't
already throw yes or no anyone could
take a picture I mean yeah throwing
babies I mean that's not answer me this
and the mass majority of people in the
world do you think more people take
pictures or throw babies no no no sons
art got it right what do you say sons
are right more people take pictures than
throw babies with the precision of the
baby throwing ability that I have anyway
so yes we're really excited about it
baby tire we show her the picture on the
website some people have said that her
pictures been in magazines and on
Billboard's in English
and stuff so as soon as the CD comes out
we're gonna go by and I think we have
credits on the CD cover like it says
picture by shaycarl calm or something
I'm not sure but we agreed on some sort
of credits that we got on the CD so
thanks to James Blunt he's cool actually
I mean he sent us a couple emails and
he's a cool guy
yeah be watching for a baby tard on the
CD of James Blunt's new album I think
it's called to stay the night or that's
the single or anyways check it out it's
pretty cool go buy this CD I know we'll
probably have like ten copies maybe what
we should do is we should have baby turn
to sign them we could send out we get
sudden like 10 of them out have they be
turned like write her name on what's the
autographed Booker CD from baby tired I
think she switched from a sucking thumb
to picking nose yeah yeah for a while
she would this you would do the double
the thumb suck in the nose pic but now
she's just strictly nose pick what's
next crack I bet you it is she's gonna
be a meth baby anytime now
