okay it's it's time they're only half I
decided because we told them they can't
eat the candy because we have to make
the suckers first before they otherwise
there won't be any candy to make faces
we've got all this candy here and the
goal is to put it so here make a face
then we pour the syrup eat caramel eat
whatever it's called sucker material
then we pour it over then it dries and
then you've got a spooky pop it's so
much fun here so happy even though it
doesn't get too hard Kennedy so we pour
on top of it this is Sun tarts face
Jesus Tommy baby tards yeah
she just wanted all the time you I
unfortunately couldn't fit all the candy
onto her face this one is time so we
make the face first put the stick in it
and then you flip it on you over it then
it all hardens and then you have a
sucker
so both loose Pookie ball okay we have
this thinking about to ready support of
the sucker on it's like a butterscotch
hard candies you pour over the faces I
never ate my sticky pops you never eat
them because I mean Sadie we're just
talking about this I want to put the
cami on that made it look cute but it
was not candy that I liked so you an eye
candy you are truly an artist and not
all right the boiling butterscotch and
it looks very scary right now but it's
supposed to get to like 300 degrees so
it's really hot so that's what you have
to be so careful with it but it's
delicious sugar isn't it okay you ready
to see the spooky spooky Dookie pops the
pouring of the spooky box so they look
very spooky as you can see which one do
I have to get yeah you have to make sure
all the candy is sticking into the
sucker so it sticks together do you can
see that if you just poured the sucker
on to the tinfoil and then put the candy
on top you can make a really
cool-looking face of course with kids
it's safer and easier to do it this way
and they're so yummy right if you use
the right candies another a person has
lots lots of candy corns and it's
probably best not to do much chocolate
with chocolate or melt
obviously these are just every other
kind of the candy you can think of that
doesn't have to know
where we are drunk or treating exciting
fun this dudes having fun you see all
the princesses okay so here we are I
know I saw she tripped and fell here we
are at trunk-or-treat has basically
everybody pulls in the parking lot like
this open their trunks and then you just
walk around to the different cars it's
convenient he's gotten more candy than
anybody he's got like a giant leaf bag
full what's a leaf bag it's rose giant
garbage bags you pick up eggs with the
other pretty big that's how much would
you say she was let's go to the scary
guy I'm like over to the scary baby tard
is he scary spooky
porin mommy tarts home town and we just
met her first boyfriend the guy she
kissed cards
seriously we've seen like 18 boys here
the she's kissed all right 30 prints a
star turned in the ice cream okay she's
like churning butter what kind of ice
cream you makin um vanilla is it root
beer
yeah totally is printer started hurry up
get to work
oh yeah you can try hold on that her go
for a minute yeah you got a black nose
again who's the who's the freaky baby
next to you Oh makeup session
bah-bah-bah vitam vitamin Akhtar I was
it's a girl baby it's creepy
fighter oh my old Scudder finer you're
here yeah putting the moves on all the
rock tires like check this out I can
roll over can other boys do that I don't
think so not at this age I'm advanced my
motor skills are 20% more advanced you
talkin what you broke about what's on my
with buttermilk biscuit you have it some
buttermilk my turn you have your face
ready you have to let go parrot what are
you doing are you bi screaming here ice
cream baby homemade root beer is elect
delish looks delicious
if we introduce your dad before this is
if this is this is mom and dad's dad
he's so handsome so handsome Joe kitty
