one takes Sunday so wouldn't take Sunday
Tuesday hey guys just got back from
church fix my collar would you believe
it
alright guys this one takes Sunday who
are just hanging around watching
football Brett Favre he lost what on the
Vikings Patriots game alright so we see
wait uh guys we're losing losing super
note thanks Jets I need you I can never
do it very good that's why orders like
clean you know all right so keep no
editing we can't there's no editing so
we have to be focused this one takes
Sunday losing super notes I adjust in
here looking at all of your guys's video
responses look at all of you beautiful
people
lookit there's over it says there's over
4500 video responses this is all you
guys I've been sitting here watching
your super notes and cracking up you
guys look at this one look at this this
is like a Halloween super know what they
have their makeup on oh look at that
what's that dude anyways so I'm just
sitting here I'm just saying you're
watching all of your guys with super
notes I've been commenting on a couple
of them there's so many though it's hard
you know to see all of them but you guys
I just want to say thank you seriously
look at how many of you guys have made
video these are all video responses to
our a super note contest anyways you
guys are awesome I just um like if we
win or lose it's just still really cool
what is this girl she's a face it's just
really cool that you guys are willing to
like do this yeah look at her she's cut
blood on her face she's like a mechanic
or something I can't tell I can't hear
oh she doesn't have any audio oh no
that's not gonna count she just did a
supernova there is no audio to it
anyways okay so here's the cool thing we
do have more team members than wheezy
waiter
we have 3437
super notes submitted on the website
this is red and links website and we're
in second place and he only has 3351
so we have almost a hundred more people
but there's a thing yeah they can sing
longer because their average note is 26
and a half seconds and ours is a little
under four or 24 seconds so they have
longer super notes so they have you know
their time is longer it looks like we're
about seven thousand behind but the
thing is is all the notes haven't been
counted yet I'm sure you know rhett and
Link whoever they have that are counting
all these are going crazy right now
because I think a lot of people are
submitting them today there's only four
hours four hours left and this whole
contest is over so and also other thing
I'll just say I was reading in the
comments down here don't be mean you
guys don't call people cheaters you know
don't say rude comments I was these are
you can go down to the website and read
all these comments it's just a fun
internet contest I think of some people
they get so competitive they just start
like calling names and stuff like that I
feel competitive because I just like I
can't relax knowing that word second
especially because all of you guys have
been so cool to make super notes and to
participate in this I just feel like I
have to really try you know to push this
so that we can win anyways for all of
you who have submitted a super note I
love you I wish you guys could all come
over to our house right now and have
mommy tart making you awesome rice
krispies treats would that be cool
if we can invite all four thousand view
over to our house you might get a little
crowded so uh good job team we still
have four hours if you haven't made a
super note and you want to get in on
this and participate all I'm gonna be
sitting here for the next four hours
just watching these videos I'll comment
on as many as I can but uh look this guy
has a beard he looks cool like bearded
super notes so do as not just be sitting
here watching you guys do you know yes
oh you can't one oh he has his mouth
open I just say you can't hum at your
house effect I don't think you can hum
and the you have to make the video a
video response here's how you make a
video response you click in the comment
section you click there and to the right
it'll say attach video after you've
already uploaded your video you click on
the attached video and then you come up
here and it'll say choose a video click
on choose a video and then here's all of
your video options right here you just
pick you know you're super known and
it'll usually probably the very last one
anyways okay so one take Sunday we're
just hanging out just chillin we need
some dinner maybe
oh we're gonna watch the World Series
tonight the Rangers and Giants are
playing that's exciting and chillin on a
Sunday evening do you have any candy for
trick-or-treaters yeah we do okay cuz we
we might get trigger triggers snipe big
sightings are you gonna be willing to
give some of it away
if trick-or-treaters come to the door
yeah so generous maybe depends on if you
like their costumer on the scariest from
your candy you so sweet this is how
sweet son card is last night we are at
mommy tarts parents house and they had
had a ton of candy and then we made
homemade ice cream and it was like 9:30
at night it was getting late and all the
adults are at eating ice cream and the
kids wanted something I was like no it's
about bedtime you guys have had way more
candy today than you should have I was
like sugar overload so I told the kids
no you couldn't have any ice cream well
mommy starts dad was like come on just
let him have ice cream I know they've
had too much sugar today and yeah it
hurts dad he's an advocate and an addict
and he was in the kitchen it was Sun
tarred and and mommy turds
dad was like hey I have an extra spoon
in my my ice cream bowl do you want some
and what did you say son guard so he
resisted the temptation of his very own
grandpa I was in a totally other room I
would have never known if I was a kid a
six-year-old kid and my grandpa was like
come on you can have a little bit I
totally would of kidding me
this kid behavior you dude I'm so proud
of you that made me so happy
you're so he listen to your father plus
he's afraid I'll beat him
alright say bye guys so make us a super
note alright
wheezy waiter this has been fun this has
been a fun contest alright yes like I
said be nice it's just it's just a fun
contest don't get all serious about it
but if we don't win I'll probably delete
my youtube channel so no big deal
