for me hi I'm vlogging here
okay we are now ready to unveil the
children in their costumes are you ready
are you ready are you ready here we go
drum roll please who is the first
contestant on Halloween scary Oh baby
alright chimeric one by one let's see
baby tired oh my princess of cuteness
look up turn around turn around look at
that little kebab you got and you got
sparkles so put look at the dress I love
it who's next
sun card and the Dracula of doom ha ha
ha ha ha
do I like that vest I didn't notice it
was purple that's cool dude you're
looking good alright his next threat to
start Oh Cooper to pirate
are you matey's walk the prank you
scallywags to the bottomless pit baby
dozes Locker oh you already did it kids
he has an eyepatch and last but not
least what are you you are adorable
that is such a pretty dress turn around
let's see your hair oh I like it is that
like a side swoop thing nice looks
pretty you guys excited huh where we
going where's hey what are you two Oh
sweaty Bell arena and a housewife cute I
like your eye patch oh yeah an earring
to a pregnant housewife
you better not be you will be a dead
housewife just kidding I'm not joking at
all sir
grandpa hey you guys just want to give
you a real quick warning let me just
warn you brace yourselves
go ahead and get your PDP glasses and
put them on because you have to shield
your eyes from the blasting PDP that is
emanating that from this baby okay you
got your PDP glasses he's a little bear
you should draw some like little
whiskers on him oh he does I'd be all
over his face hey little bear look at
you you got your little ears look at
your little so cute I feel like I'm so
biased because it's my son oh yeah he's
not that cute just a stupid kid and the
thing excited for the start all right
we're not going trick-or-treating
tonight are we or trigger treating at
Grandma's house all right let's go
off to Grandma's house we go say happy
Halloween Halloween up and hurry hey
guys so I just had a weird thing
happened to me a life experience
just want to talk about it should we
talk about it should talk about how we
can become better people with our life
experiences all right so I'm just
driving down the freeway headed to my
parents house to go to this little
Halloween party with the kids and
there's this box in the back of my truck
right here and it was full of cleaning
supplies because when we just moved from
our last house the other night when
we're all over there my mom put this box
of cleaning supplies in the back of my
truck in the box there were two rolls of
paper towels like large two big rolls of
paper towels you know there's like
Windex and bleach and you know big to
big full rolls of paper towels so I'm
just going down the interstate and guess
what happens to the the paper towels
when they come unrolled and it's like
this big streamer of paper towels behind
the truck I was like oh
perhaps what is that what's going on I
look at that box and I'm like oh geez
that freakin boxes back there and now
the paper towels are flying everywhere I
tried to get over you know so I can get
off the interstate pullover and like try
to pick them up and as I'm pulling over
these people are giving me the evil eye
like they want death upon my soul you
know just driving up next to me just
like looking at me like you idiot what
are you doing there's like sorry it's an
accident not even me - and it was so
funny because one of them was my PE
teacher from elementary school I was
like mr. Maddie don't give me that goop
don't give me the evil eye so I'm just
thinking like cuz people were really
pissed him yet you just see it in their
faces I didn't need to it's total
accident I'm like trying to pull over to
pick it up I just thought how often do
we do that in our lives like when do I
do that when I go great Lugar this idiot
look at this idiot doing something
stupid that I disagree with I'm gonna
look at him I'm gonna honk my horn and
look at him be pissed at him but I don't
know in this situation you know what I'm
saying like don't be so quick to jump to
conclusions you don't know somebody's
situation before you're like shoving a
sword into their face because you think
they're doing something wrong you just
don't know you know what I'm saying and
I really have like I know this sounds
cheesy and I think I've said this a few
times but I have I know that's a common
concept like don't judge a book by it's
cover and and don't you know be critical
of other people until you know where
they're coming from till you've walked a
mile in their shoes I have learned that
that principal way more in my life
because of my time on YouTube you know
what I'm talking about in the comments
the people who want to just tell you how
they feel and what you're doing wrong
and why you're a bad person and it's
like I see those every day thousands of
them not all you guys seriously great
comments but they were there you know
not even on my videos but on other
people's videos on Friends of my videos
where I read comments on others videos
I'm likewise
not like but you don't know what's going
on why would you why would you just
assume that you think that you can
ridicule this person for what you don't
know kill no idea so I'm not saying like
you guys shouldn't do that anymore I
what I'm trying to say is I've noticed
that and I'm like I want to make a huge
effort not do that because I don't like
it when it happens to me I don't like
gonna happen to other people and it's
just it's unfair so let's all try to
walk other people's shoes and now I'm
gonna go punch my mom for putting those
paper towels in the back to my truck
Malakai I'm not judging you I think
you're a great daughter I'm not judging
you
you know go see Kobe Lucy Cooper it's
like his best friend in the world let's
go see Kobe my dad's dog and Malachi my
dad's dog Kobe and Malachi yet they're
like best buddies they're like the only
two dogs they get to hang around with
wanna see Kobe hey mom
why'd you put paper towels in the back
of my truck now people on the freeway
hate me
they were shooting everywhere and I was
like what's going on what's happening
and I looked in the back of my mom and
these people drove up next to me and
they were yesterday
what are you doing and of course I'm
like smiling about him but it's your
fault I gotta pee nice scarf is that a
Halloween scarf it's you I like it for
this pumpkins yeah carving the pumpkin
huh what you gonna name him
this name is pumpkin tard
jack-o'-lantern tard
the I didn't guts how's it coming it's
coming you guys doing circle eyes cool
cool
Sun try let me see yours Sun tard
sometimes likes todos who like todos
Alex Kate I did Toros and pumpkins look
totals maokai woody in a carve fool no I
was thinking about maybe you know going
with an old fashioned just a
jack-o'-lantern
he's smelling the cat does she have it
see Malachi is looking for the cat
prints to start out as the cat she had
the cat she doesn't have anymore but he
can smell it on her so he's like where's
my gut I know you had it I know you had
to print the start can't hide it forever
I'm gonna go oh no dang it shut out all
I'm gonna get in there I'm gonna find
that cat okay let me learn all
jinguk's I'll get it don't you worry
I'll find that cat one of these times
you don't you worry your precious folder
down is an intervention give up the
drugs give us the drugs nice job I
notice
toodles nice tackle mami tarde
