let's see the dad's here do it a second
ago go over here it's better light take
your energy over here it's better
lighting shut those blinds getting
backlit it's pissing me off there we go
whitey Nicias we need this whole house
to be like a set we need the lights on
at all time this is it the Shaytards set
you listenin to your sister you walking
around the house listen to your sister
looking for your shoe your house nope we
never have that problem so it's like
there's nowhere to look because it's
like everything's straightened up yeah
and what you mean that's what are you
and he left he ran away the other shoe
is sleeping hey guys what's up hi I'm
Anna Dean oh is that a name hey my
name's shikoro I'm a chunky monkey he's
gonna see today's we all have already
seen it by the time this video comes out
it's always fun we're working in rears
in arrears come look at this I think
this is gonna be the we're gonna go work
in the rears I said we're working in
arrears where did it freaking go I'm
looking on my desktop I can't find it so
there it is
this is today's this is gonna be today's
thumbnail it's so funny sometimes it
happens when I'm like oh that's
definitely gotta be the thumbnail or
sometimes like I have to look for one
I'm like trying to find but like I saw
that and I was like that is
Asha's I love my children look at these
handsome little devils cute who made
those babies is that you actually I like
nothing you didn't most of it
whoa whoa whoa whoa I had a integral
integral integral intregal part I'm
stupid fat and ugly oh that's right the
kids are all because of her
I'm vomit crying no no really creepy and
I'm also watching American Choppers this
is like my new obsession I love this
show I really do I'm like obsessed with
them I like even follow Paul jr. on
Twitter because I'm like obsessed with
the show now I'm watching all the reruns
and I can't wait for the new episode of
the senior vs. junior on Monday I'm on
juniors side I'm on call junior side was
watching the very very first episode of
American Chopper
he's dead that wasn't very nice I
shouldn't say that he's just he just
mean he's not very nice I like them both
though like I think I feel bad I feel
bad that they're in a fight it's true I
always wonder that also I'm like is it
made-up drama but he thinks so it just
seems like their personality I don't
know I love the show I feel bad that
they're fighting and I wonder I'm like
is this all part of it you know cuz this
really revamped their show if you guys
know what I'm talking about American
Choppers with the tunnels they build
these giant motorcycles really cool I
want one now too that's the other bad
thing as I just want a chopper
motorcycle super bad No
will you buy me one for Christmas I want
a chopper and a water as a water skiing
boat okay that's all can I pull the
water steamboat with the chopper can you
get a completely hitch on one of those
mile bow of the River Nile all right
we've been vlogging for too long this
force minutes already
how about we make what if we made like a
50 minute long video four minutes
where's Justin Timberlake in Madonna
you're Larry you're a Larry you're
hilarious honey that's got an idea Paul
jr.
Sian's he's looking to do motorcycles
like what if he did a Shaytards themed
chopper would that be so cool
yeah can we do that you guys somebody
get in contact with Paul jr. appall jr.
designs and tell him that he needs to do
a Shaytards themed chopper and then I
can drive it around town would that be
sweet Paul jr. come on dude
awk will come will come to your shop and
we'll make motorcycle on all film it
that is so cool that would be awesome
that would be I would be pumped with a
capital P and that stands for Paul jr.
is that is that do you like being on the
video that fun here's your cute I know I
know I am dorable P DP
padey padey padey PDF at me baby pink
beer debris oh there's the rock card
he's the cutest little baby in the town
hi hey punkin in the world and the world
that's quite the claim alright so we're
here and we are watching stomach we're
watching the piece of art that we
commissioned is that what it's called
I'm not sure that it's called like to
commission a piece of art I don't know
what it means stop
what is Serna so a few days ago if you
guys missed the video friendly
she usually won't shut as soon as you
won't talk at all and that's not shut up
so couple days I'm not as not fun this
chair all day long working okay so a few
days ago I this artist I found on
YouTube he already painted a painting of
us you guys saw it if you haven't seen
it go watch our videos we put him on
YouTube anyways I have this drawing that
I wanted him to paint and now he's
uploading videos of him painting it and
it's so exciting and I want it to last
remember in Willy Wonka when it's like
oh the suspense is like what suspense is
killing me I hope it lasts when Augustus
is going up through the tube he's like
oh this suspense is incredible I hope it
lasts that's why I feel about this like
I want him to click a bunch of these
little videos because it's so exciting
watching it come to fruition anyways let
me just show you guys a little bit of it
very dark
this is him painting look how big that
is
giant canvas it's like six feet long I
really love the different colors this
ship that looks like pulled it up don't
you think
that's crazy but I love it I think it's
it's coming out really good journey to
watch this it's like really exciting to
see it like come for so I'll put his
link down there you guys go watch his
videos of him creating this painting of
this idea that of this picture that I
found go check it out it's really cool
what's going on
you guys I really have gotten out of
this chair today it's just that every
time I feel like vlogging the camera is
sitting right here and I'm sitting in
this chair do you realize that
everything we had a vlog for the entire
day I'm in one place I just got out of
the shower popped my collar cuz that's
how I like to holler whoo I got a little
miss hotness over here let's see your
outfit dude give us the Grand Tour of
your body your sugar bubble no sugar
baby in there
are those your new jeans turn around
let's see them yeah you are
what kind are they she Carly can't have
her own channel because she can't take
the comments she gets too emotional when
you guys are mean to her and yes hey
yeah yeah you stay you don't give a
ghost on your head
it really is it's I'm getting out of the
chair everybody look I did it I'm out of
the chair you want some of this little
Bri this in here this in here that'll
Punk listen to me you're over Jerry
does your uncle say you know being a
youtuber you gotta get used to comics
and Carly has a hard time with it when
she turned her channel people liked
she's dumb what do they say she didn't
like that so she deleted her channel so
she's like I'm gonna start a new channel
should I can i really go like this guy
really going a smoothies pop makalah
color I know me too
oh yeah I'm gonna your son or me all
right we're going the movie by throwing
the kids die and don't burn down the
house okay and we made it out of the
house congratulations today Carl and
mommy tartlet I know we're like forcing
ourselves I was about to go to bed and I
thought I'm gonna take a shower or I'll
tell just were fall asleep it's like 9
o'clock and we're both like we've been
planning on going out tonight by the
time I came around for Carla do over
watch the kids we're both like
I forgot the kids in bed and I beat the
heck out of them for a few minutes it's
tiring you know but we're going to see
the movie Secretariat and I'm excited
because I love love love movies in that
timeframe that time period like
Seabiscuit Seabiscuit is probably one of
my all-time favorites I love to see it
is he had like the depression that era
that era love movies set in that time
period but what's that one with Russell
Crowe he was a boxer Cinderella man love
love love those kind of movies and that
we're going to see Secretariat which i
think is kind of like that it's kind of
like Seabiscuit as I'm kind of nervous
that it's gonna be I'm gonna compare it
too much but I'm still really excited to
see it and me and mommy tired were just
talking about when we first saw
Seabiscuit we lived in Raleigh North
Carolina and we're selling pest control
at a place there and we used to go to
the movies like twice a week with all
our friends because we live with like
ten other people that were our friends
from high school and stuff and we're
yeah she was pregnant son time so we
have any kids yeah any time a new movie
came out all of us all of our friends
would go and that's always good
yeah we always worked in plus we'd get
home and be late and that's like the
last thing to do is just go to the late
movie anyway so go to the movie and we
love you guys and and stuff and stories
and little funny coincidences and and
quirky
ideas and hahaha yeah that's such a
great tie you should have been there
that's one time I stayed up way after
midnight oh boy you're so jealous I can
tell
I love living in Idaho we rented the
whole theater to ourselves yeah there's
nobody here we're all by ourselves in
the movie it's cool
there's no people's here no persona
sucky yeah we are four hours early - I'm
not sure okay we're in the movie it's
about to start to see this movie honey
Oh where's the popcorn
you got the liquor in this bar pop I'm
so excited to see this movie
whoo we are the only ones the theater
and the movie is starting a big deal
guys will close up a big deal will lock
up yeah we'll take care of it there's
literally nobody and the workers aren't
even here look we're in this giant run
run and do a dance there's literally
nobody in this place Lucas oh good movie
tomorrow running like Secretariat I just
discovered something I don't like
running but I like that I can watch
YouTube videos on my iPhone for while I
run that's great that's a great
discovery good movie Wow I really liked
it I don't know what I want to say to
you guys because I hate when people give
their opinions about movies because
they're like it taints it for me you
know how does a good good movie I want
to say this like they just won't say any
I would say go see it my recommendation
is to go see it it's a story about the
greatest racehorse of all time do you
want to see that movie then go see
Secretariat
I loved it and it just any movie that
makes me want to strive to be a better
person and just it's good go see it we
had a blast where the theater the entire
time we were screaming we were yelling
we were like talking like as long as we
wanted to each other at one point I
stood up so I wanted to stretch for like
three minutes
like I told mommy here and I said we
need to get rich so that we can buy a
theatre cuz this is awesome
we're like screaming when he was running
wow it was so much fun I'm glad we came
out I love you mommy darn
anyways ghost in the movie I loved it
kay the end love you buddy
