you're watching the she tall sue is that
muffin of stuckness that is a 19 year
old shaycarl looking like a piece of man
ready to go out and take on the world
with his brand-new passport
oh yeah hey Canadia
hey Canadia a I might be coming to
Toronto I got it woman treats me
she's so abusive she'll abused you
anytime you misbehave she's a physical
water buffalo of a woman yeah so we're
headed to the post office I'm gonna see
if I get my passport renewed because it
expired last year and I probably I might
I'm most likely I don't want to say for
sure sure for sure for sure for sure and
and for win for win for when but I might
be coming to Toronto Canada so if you're
in Toronto or the surrounding areas
you'd like to meet you Karl well be sure
to stay tuned on my facebook twitter and
youtube because i'll let you know the
information that you will need to
require to meet me and I've made up
possibly if we have one if you want them
if you don't want to then don't even
hesitate to punch me in the nose yes I
might be coming there to shoot a video
so much I can see hey I hate that dude
guys something so exciting is happening
oh no Bob I can't tell you yet but I
just want you to know that I am so
excited because my life is going exactly
how I wanted it to but I'm not gonna
tell you about it okay I just want you
to know that I can't tell you but I'm
super pumped about some upcoming stuff
that I can't tell you about gang where's
my feelings
I'm mocking people that do that but I do
it sometimes too but Isis bothers me
it's like hey I'm really cool what is it
I can't tell you what the way you bring
it up
you know plain but it's like it and
frustrate snakes I'm like whoa you're
not gonna tell me they don't even bring
it up that rude I guess yeah you guys
will stay tuned to find out what it is
when it happens anyways I'm sorry I'm a
hypocrite I'm fat and I have a low
credit score okay goodbye okay we're
here at the store and we're here to buy
you guys something you excited do you
know what it is we're gonna buy you guys
a tool a tool of your trade cuz guess
what you guys are getting chores huh up
top for chores that's right we're here
to buy you guys a vacuum yes we are
come on son tart is gonna be running the
vacuum excited this is a very important
family outing we need to keep the
carpets clean in the new house so we
need to invest in a nice cleaning device
so we're here at the local vacuum store
to find the best vacuum for the job
let's go see I've always thought dyson
looks good by just maybe think they just
have good marketing they have good
commercials cuz they seem like they're
super good let's go and ask out what the
best one is speak of the devil first one
in the door is a Dyson well there's lots
of different kinds of them we need the
best stuff oh that one says liberty I
want a vacuum that my ancestors died for
that's what the kids do yeah that's what
you do huh how dare you accuse me of
such an accusation yes it does horrible
things here Park the fibers right yeah
a lot of passes this of course is the
rakaat radiance premium this is regards
top-of-the-line right
oh yeah they're bouncy yeah
so what's the same as the Dyson
yeah okay okay so the guy said he goes
if you want art get the Dyson but if you
want clean carpets get the Riccar why do
I feel like every time we buy something
now we should I should be like hey
you're a car
we'll use your vacuum so I think we're
gonna get this one it's the it's nice
I'll tell you why it's so nice here is a
big thing this is actually an issue hold
this monitor all right so this vacuum
has this little groove right here
because a mommy card has a lot of this
and this gets wrapped up we're making a
video about our vacuum buying purchase
anyways thank you anyway so this is a
good vacuum because this little dip
right here because mommy tartares you
need a wrap you're out on that
guaranteed it's ruined like three of our
vacuums and so this little dip makes it
easy to come through and cut the hair
out with a knife or scissors and just
pull it right out so this is our baby
what do you think do you guys like it
yeah you guys didn't get used to it cuz
this is your this is your new baby this
is your new home skillet you and this
guy gonna be spending a lot of time
together it's kind of heavy don't pull
on the hose though there just grab it
right there is it heavy you know that
means it's quality yeah they don't build
them like they used to
it's nice old red car can get in the
back of the van it's you - don't drop it
don't break it you're welcome I'm such a
good husband buying appliances know the
kids the kids
voila looks good alright sweet okay so
we got the Riccar and it's always so
nerve-racking like you just don't know
if you're getting the best product for
the best price and you know the guys are
salesmen of course I know that I know
he's trying to sell us I liked him he's
a good guy he gave us a demonstration of
the Dyson and the riccar
the Dyson obviously I was watching
didn't do nearly as good of a job thing
that made me feel a little bit better is
that they sold Dyson vacuums there they
have like four or five different dice
and options so it's not like they were
just like that Ricard dealer and they're
like just bagging on Dyson because they
sold Dyson vacuums there so I'm sure
they come in and people are like now I
want to dice and still so what you guys
know do any of you know like are you
guys vacuum connoisseurs is there such a
thing as a vacuum connoisseur a person
who just eats breathes and sleeps
vacuums maybe that guy was but anything
all willies or sales and maybe gets
better Commission on a rack are right
yeah that's true the demonstration was
very yeah unless the other one was like
messed up or something but the
demonstration was very persuasive you
definitely see a difference the people
of Riccar if you work for a car vacuum
industries we the Shaytards would love
another vacuum it won't take this one
back but Dyson if you wanna send us one
we'll try it out whoever shot who take
anything you send us for free send it to
shipping that okay I am NOT getting
anywhere I gotta stop vlogging and drive
okay here we go Oprah I'm sorry
hi Sri Karl here for car vacuums did you
know that every time you buy a require
vacuum you save a dolphin in Africa but
is that do you think dolphins don't
exist in Africa well you're an idiot
thanks Riccar for sending us a new back
or jack-in-the-box
thank you jack in the box for giving us
our meals today what do we just make the
entire Shaytards a commercial for
everything heritage foods delivering
delicious one percent chocolate low-fat
milk since the beginning of time Adam
and Eve drank this chocolate milk that's
how you know it's right mmm I can taste
Adam spirals
we will absolutely I apologize you guys
at home come on right now we need to
relax relax your lips a little bit more
just let it like kind of flow out I
can't like do it like this that's like
let my eyes burn out or milk but you
don't try it you're a buttermilk biscuit
newb heart equals melted
I'm saying you just melted my heart no
you did you're so adorable that my heart
is now in a puddle on the desk do you
know that that you have that power
you're so cute
you can take somebody's heart and melt
it into molten lava love and then
there's a puddle of that love and
adorableness on the desk can you believe
that you believe that it's true it
happens you just didn't do ballerina
bye-bye we find adorable we are now
having a trust exercise mommy's heart is
actually not here she's out at a girls
night and it's just me and the kids and
you know what happens when it's just me
and the kids gets crazy it's crazy we're
jumping off the stairs the one by one
we're seeing how high we can work our
way up Prince the start started off
right here and she's worked her way up
higher and higher okay ready centaur
does our cameraman stand on this one -
okay baby are you gonna go all the way
up there ready okay go one two okay
let's see sundered go Baby Talk can you
film can you film
okay let's let baby star try that you
can do it next for the circuit get up on
the filming stair okay ready okay here
you have to film son tired kay make sure
you can see son charred look okay hold
the camera gifted look cm DCM tail hold
the camera tight if the see him through
that okay make sure you can see his
whole body okay some sort of targeting
song I'm not sure we'll see red that
means it's recording good job I'm fine
okay go up there and put the start you
can film baby chart jumping tell you
ready cameraman here we go easier you
know baby or go up higher you look one
more you go from right there
right in the middle here right the
middle baby turn right mil we jump high
okay assuming it to hide far right me
baby got one two three you go from there
you sure you should come down you could
push us front door my baby boy
okay come on I am on the u.s. Department
of State website trying to renew my
passport it's asking me about my old
passport it asked me if I have my old
passport that are supposed to send it in
and what they're gonna do is probably
gonna destroy it because they don't want
like multiple passports of people out
there obviously for obvious reasons but
I'm a sentimental guy I don't want to
get rid of that passport I like it it's
cool
it has stamps in it from when I was in
Barbados and Trinidad and Guyana and st.
Vincent and st. Kitts all these little
islands I lived at for two years in the
West Indies and I don't want to get rid
of that Passport I still have it I
showed it to you guys today
but I'm lying listen if you work for the
government just zip your freaking lip
right now I'm watching you I know where
you live zip your lip I'm keeping my
passport I don't want to send it back to
them it's memorable you know it's like a
piece of my life like I don't want to
give it back I want to keep it it's just
like this driver's license that I have
where I look like hey soos hey soos
Chris deuce Here I am
see this see that driver's license
picture I will never get rid of this
driver's license this is classic if I'm
pretty new this I'll just lie and tell
him that I lost it don't lie son tard
lying's bad go out go out of Daddy's
office he's talking about adult things
like
to the government can I get in trouble
for this I'm vlogging my I want to keep
my passport I look skinny in the picture
I like it I don't want to give it back
to you Here I am on a u.s. Department of
State I lost my passport so then they
ask you what date push your passport
lost or stolen I don't know when it was
still I mean they want you to give you
an exact date of when you lost it that I
says where was your passport lost or
stolen how was your passport stolen what
efforts were made to recover the
passport just like I didn't really lose
it but if I really did lose it how do I
know if I knew where it was lost
I wouldn't it wouldn't be lost that's
like when somebody loses something and
you're like well where did you put it
last well if I know I wouldn't be lost
right now because I would go to the
place where I had the last and I would
pick it up I just thought that was funny
so um yeah I just documented my line to
the United States government haha
see you later it's not a joking manner
do not tell anybody I'm serious I will
find you I like the picture I look
handsome please I don't want to keep it
