you own a watch in the shake Tarbox just
sit back three let's follow along to the
king Shay says things shade eyes and
it's car whatever just watch a stupid
video
oh my goodness - I see that I don't know
if you can see that we are in Idaho now
yeah it is snowing what's today October
come on guys 26th it is snowing first
time Chanel Ling on my way what were you
gonna say
oh is it secret but are you doing we are
going to do what come we were stuck in
your hair I don't want it thank you
anyway though I guess how this in my
mouth here have it here oh okay we're at
dance class and baby charged digging for
gold and stop it it was her two switches
I carry two stops
today's the Halloween party said they're
all dress up and they get have treats
and all that fun stuff
so that's what's going on right here
right now in the snow you like candy
such a conundrum what are we gonna do
your face
we're gonna chop up some garlic and
maybe put some fresh tomatoes with it
and sabbatical it's gonna be so
delicious and then and then what'll we
have for dessert new tarts bays oh
because it's so sweet hey that's the
best jokes I got okay are you guys what
are you guys so excited for Halloween
yeah a princess imagine that princess
hard being a princess but don't you just
said she hates the letter T for some
reason and we were practicing her
letters the other day and she was just
like I said T would start with the teach
the T I hate the letter T why do you
hate the letter T because it's by the U
so why do
so that you is your favorite letter so
because the T is by that you you don't
like the T are you jealous of the teeth
yep silence from the jealous woman I
don't know
he is just horrible and you is the best
baby tard what are you doing sweater
that's usually her answer to everything
mr. Rogers girlfriend I love it and mr.
Roger is awesome
I will lift you in the air with one hand
the cover name is shirt spin catch
whoo-hoo oh yeah sweater here let's see
it stand up do you like it
turn around that's good warm warm in the
winter be like it look you know a little
pockets here one cubby bear's put those
in your pockets but do that with lint do
not forget about them they're called
blinky bears you kidding me she doesn't
want to forget about gummy bears
they don't be gone in three seconds
ready here stand on my hand
sat on my hand other foot other foot
ready I'm straight sure they're straight
Heidi Heidi I'm fine okay you ready
you're doing equation yeah that's really
good for you to practice your equations
are you just doing them because you're
supposed to do more you could do
anything because you want them that's
awesome are you gonna go to the beach
later is that why you're wearing a beach
this is that why you're learning to beat
shirt ok I'm showing mommy tard my
buddy's prank vs. prank here's a little
prank for spring kiss and a really cool
couple we've hung out with them in Vegas
Vegas yes and then I hung out with Jesse
a dumb prank house so uh they just came
out with a new video and that mama tarts
gonna watch it okay okay push play but
that would you be pissed I did that oh
yeah that's the funny part because I
guarantee you there's a ton of people
really like dirty watch I'll put a link
down here because honestly their own
video the whole video funny good one
Frank worse prank
you just fell down Billy what's going on
in here
you guys are here getting slizzard huh
homework
oh you looking at mollusk and sea
animals and chips that's long
what's making for dinner outside
cuteness potatoes these smell so where's
my broccoli salad I told you that's all
I wanted Rock cards pissed Rock charts
piss oh you found the sphere to fix the
skeleton it's such a happy day
good job sometimes thanks for your help
careful careful
I'm just laying in here dinner sure
smells delicious
is a bite here after tomorrow let me
talk let me see
hello hi Sri curls speaking how may I
help you
is anybody there okay okay bye see you
later
no it's just a telemarketer trying to
call to sell us something you want to
buy something huh hey hey you wanna buy
some I got some great stuff for you come
on down to the great stuff store I'll
sell you plenty of it it's so cool what
size you need okay I'll get your brother
it's great good stuff yeah I'll just
call you you'll buy it you'll buy my
merchandise you'll buy a bike or your
face
