one two three go you are not watching
the Shaytards for you
because
for you
I see you Chicago you're smiling at me
what do you guys think about the
painting right there can sit here at my
desk do my work I can look out the
window up the kids running in the grass
I can work at the computer and then I
can look at my painting next to my
tripod I like it it looks really cool
I'm pumped to have an actual painting in
my office I feel so white like I don't
know
what would you feel like if you had a
painting in your office I'm not sure if
I like it pour the orange cones me well
my lack eye that's where the men do
construction and built rose Oh sound
like when you built a sandwich for me
that one time and you put out speech
codes and called it the delicious zone
that's right Malachi that's exactly like
that hey guys me and Malachi here drive
into our old house how are you
I'm pretty good all you had a great Sun
flare coming through the window there
looks so majestic good when I was
younger I used to think the construction
was like an event that it would
eventually be finished because when I we
were drive to Salt Lake from Idaho there
was always construction on the freeway
then as a kid I remember thinking man
it's you're gonna be cool when they're
done with construction and all the roads
will be finally built in my mind that
construction work on roads would one day
come to an end and all the roads would
be built and set up and be like wow
that'll be so cool cuz it'll be easy to
drive there won't be like you'll have to
wait in construction but now as I've
grown older I realize it never ends
boring story dad who cares about what
you thought about construction tell us
about the time that the female Great
Dane created the most delicious
chocolate chip cookie in the world ok
Malachi I know that's one of your
favorites anyways we're head
we should start a show the che in
Malachi our just do it show where he
sits there oh look sword another YouTube
channel I'll belted sure yeah that's
genius idiot that was very nice okay
whatever I'm gonna look out the window
hey 300 chicks in there
don't me call me I'm on YouTube and it
felt like hard okay alright so we're
going to the house to help we're
cleaning it up finally we're gonna clean
that house out of all the extra junk
there's kind of been laying around in
there taking us three months to fully
move that's redonkulous double package
score oh yeah dude sometimes I love
doing these videos for this reason okay
so son tired if you guys haven't been
able to tell us on our team here in the
last couple of videos what did you just
get done saying to me today dad dad I
have a really bad cough and I need cough
medicine so he has like mommy tard and
son card especially had this cough
lately this like here here's something
confidence like just tell there's like
so much junk in there and I know I think
I'm good at having coughs because I know
how to get rid of these when is that
gross I feel like I know my cough it up
and get rid of it but sunder are just
keeps coughing and coughing there's a
real talent to it there's a there's a
there's a loogie tuft anyways
somebody emailed me and said hey I have
this cough medicine it's called czar
bees all-natural children's cough syrup
are safe and effective for children
twelve months and up it soothes sore
throats immune boosting formulation
pediatrician recommended just close
enough so the emailed me and said hey
I'm this really cool confidence and I'll
send you a couple boxes if you like do a
review on it so I said sure
Furguson why do I hear strength let's
see what the recommended dosage is chug
three bottles as needed all right Chuck
Wow okay this dosing guy how old are you
six years to 12 years you need one
teaspoon shake well before use II take
every four hours not to exceed six doses
and 24 hours direct as directed by a
doctor which I am luckily all right
where's the tea spoon it stuff is cool
because it's all-natural says it's made
from honey
ooh that's really good
that reminds me of peanut butter and
honey sandwiches huh it's like lemon and
honey together that's all good okay so
it's made from pure honey smellivision
you want to smell it oh yeah you know
we're to do we're gonna take our kids
out in the cold and spraying with a hose
so we get some more coughs going yes
okay so let's try it sometime you be the
judge tell us how good it is oh it looks
like honey - I just want to like taste a
little bit of it oh wow
oh yeah okay ready it's it's like tarts
and then honey I like it
so better watch out okay car to me honey
you can have some culture that's right
again czar bees all natural cough syrup
it has a bee on it so you know it's good
for us it all clean
it's not empty empty that's good now you
sad
do you know nostalgic at this house for
four years almost that's the longest
we've ever been in one place because my
dad had to run her away from the law it
does professional bank robber dad tell
us about the days you're a professional
bank robber required to say that by law
you guys you guys stop screwing around
in your pro status big difference sorry
dad all right look at this room look how
clean it is don'tdon't these carpets are
a frickin disaster
look the carpets look like after four
years of three kids sharing a room it is
not a pretty sight there are stains and
ground in raisins and doughnuts and food
everywhere it's officially the day that
I am just owning my mother
I wants to see what you got done oh my
Malik I see your new friend oh that
looks like a tasty treat to me Oh buddy
I'd like a little snack go buy to me
very carefully
Oh baby I know what's for dinner tonight
Oh baby Oh yummy did you bring garlic
grandma oh oh boy remember that time
that you picked up you picked up a cat
in our neighborhood and now peg grabbed
him and shirt and ran off with him
it's a tiny the animals interact like
threes honest bouncing he loves it
doesn't he what did you get me what do I
find your back you got that from me Oh
cherry fruit snacks you're the best
you're the best in the west those right
grandma start school oh you're so nice
thank you I appreciate it
what did you get me where's my present
hold about some bouncing baby we're
watching Monday Night Football
cowboys and Giants who's gonna win watch
I know this is helping the Cowboys win
who do you want win dad look at me mark
my words Titans are gonna go far this
year that far how far Super Bowl I can't
believe you well you know I love it a
puppy but I didn't have to train it this
is a retraining train to do what I do
anything oh you need another thing okay
I'm not a cat fan because one they don't
listen to you and two I'm allergic
every time I try to help hold a cat my
eyes get itchy and scratchy and it just
sucks so I don't like cats get it away
from me mom
like God now I'm gonna die
thanks nice knowing you guys I'm gonna
die tonight probably he is now he goes
he knows what he's doing there he gets
going he gets bouncing like crazy man
Thunder what's that you're wearing
oh sweet head an old one
you don't supply Malachi Jack our new
painting yeah sweet have you seen this
plugin what do you think oh it's cool
huh hope you like it
you're not in it here here's your app oh
I'd say favorite thing to do now here
look at the camera here look at the
camera
