come on one more next job all right
who's ready for one take Sunday Oh
all right here you go there it is open
that box up what's in there huh her
knife here I go yeah well I'll help you
guys but daddy time whoa that's fancy
Sansom explain what this says you guys
this is a painting of our family this
guy on YouTube or actually attacked me
on Facebook I think I saw some of this
he just put some of this part on my
Facebook and I'm like wow that looks
really cool so I send him a message and
I said hey dude why don't you do a
painting of the shaped arc of our family
and I'll take it in my office and I'll
tase you
so because it was like really good stuff
you know it's it's kind of more modern
looking but I love the colors really
bright colors so I said the next day we
had a movie Oh his name is it's ray art
I'll put a link in my pants of course
but here's the stuff go check out his
paintings they're really cool I'll put a
link in the highest
oh boy all the kids are gonna have fun
with this the bubble wrap baby talk
about it
careful with the painting you guys all
making you nervous yeah smells like
Canada he's proud of that order
personally I think when I think of
Canada I think of salt and vinegar chips
is that true you keep one kind of like
salt and vinegar chips I don't know
random okay we ready we ready for the oh
yeah there's a message on the back
baby's eyes that's cool yeah I think
it's awesome more spirit charge
she's in there you see her oh yeah
that's her don't touch it just point
this point well that's not ready there
you are and I love that you put your
camera you have a princess camera your
princess camera where's ways where's
Rach tard
where's Danny tard where's beard tard
where's Malik itsc mouth hang ah he's
right there look him see my okay I
didn't really how the Chi is mommy's
hair and that's that's a little-known
fact where the shakers that's why you
never see mommy tired Malakai the same
they're the same anyway okay so here's
the next part of this whole project he
said
you dropped in your pocket oh so you
don't want to t be there oh yeah all
right here oh uh yeah that would look
good okay so here's the next step I told
him that I wanted him to make a painting
for me a special painting and he goes
okay well what do you want it you have
to describe it to me so I know what it's
like and I said no I'm not gonna
describe it to you until I do it on the
video so this is the first time he's
hearing about this painting and I'm
gonna tell him how I want him to do it
and it's gonna be huge like this is a
big painting but I want this is like um
three feet wide by two feet I wanted to
make it six feet by four feet I wanted
to be huge we'll see when we get it okay
so there's a little story behind this
this picture the first time I saw this
picture it's so simple but I was like I
love this picture let me just show it to
you guys and you guys can judge what you
think but I love this picture and I
don't know where it's from I don't know
where um where it stems from if you guys
know let me know but I've seen it like
four or five times since I saw it the
very first time here it is really simple
it's literally just like a bunch of blue
balls and one yellow you don't know what
I'm talking about anyway so it's a
simple simple picture and to me it means
a lot there's a lot of meaning to this
where it's like you know it doesn't
matter what the rest of the world is
doing and what everybody else around
your Deen you don't have to let others
feelings and and and crappy things they
saying crap moods in influence you and
how you are doing in your life literally
you can be surrounded by everybody who's
in a bad mood sad and
bluh but you are still happy so here's
what I want him to do for the painting I
want a giant size painting of that
here's this Harris's website his name's
Darren Darren James right no no so
here's how here's how I picture and and
Darren you can do it however you want I
want it all blue obviously I want a lot
of different colors of blue you can have
dark blue and teal and just like a bunch
of different blue with different faces
like like this and they can even be
different they don't have to be the same
they can be different faces like some
can be angry some could be sad some
could be depressed faces you can like
choose however you want like each ball
should be like a different person
but I want them all blue except for the
one in the middle and it doesn't have to
be right in the middle kind of like this
one this one's in the middle but I'm
picturing it it's like maybe upper right
or lower right or just somewhere it
doesn't have to be right in the middle
and it doesn't have to be the biggest
one either I want it to be like almost
the biggest one but not the biggest one
I want the yellow one just like bright
yellow smiley and I don't want the
smallest and I don't want the biggest I
just wanted to be an average-sized
yellow face in the middle of all these
blue faces and they could be I guess a
different color blues you choose any
color blue you want I think it'll just
like pop like all these cool color blues
yeah not the same color blue definitely
different color blues and different like
expressions some can be angry some can
be depressed they can be different sizes
you'd have small ones big ones whatever
but I want a huge a huge huge painting
of that and I don't know what do you
guys think let me know in the comments
below
yeah greetings like maybe climbing cuz
there's some blues that look like green
yeah that like aqua is aquamarine a
bluish scream yeah anyways I'm gonna
leave it up to you those are like the
board like the outlines like what I'm
thinking and then whatever the painting
and whatever you see
your mind when you paint it you know you
have a little leeway to like just add
your you know whatever you want so if
you have any questions let me know
but guys listen we're gonna as a group
we're gonna watch this happen so you
guys can go to his channel and I don't
know when he's gonna start working on it
and I'm sure he'll film himself doing it
and you guys can go watch it and well
and know what I think is cool this is
what I think is cool it's like everybody
probably has a picture in their mind of
what they see this painting looking like
what I always think is cool is like what
actually comes out wasn't what you
picture is it different than what you
picture is it better yeah a different
interpretation or whatever so that's it
that's one take Sunday word please watch
this yeah watch it give it oh super
notes you guys were l OS scene where l
OS ing II mean super no you guys we
gotta make super notes come on dude
wheezy waiter is ahead of us by like
5,000 seconds let me go look right now
that's bad we're gonna come back though
I guarantee you we are not quitting we
are now the underdog which I like
because before team beard was the
underdog not anymore he's crushing us by
almost 6,000 seconds you guys were the
underdog the sheet are you can pop it
but you can't where you might suffocate
suffocate crazy kids okay you guys so go
make a super note make your super note a
video response to my super note video
which I'll leave a link down here it's
from my iPhone channel we got to pass
wheezywaiter you guys one last thing
link down here
Oh Starcraft me playing Starcraft you
guys know the video game Starcraft I
played it with the game station and it
was a lot of fun
with some actual professional gamers uh
husky Starcraft me and him played some
Starcraft check out link go watch that
make a super note and go watch the guys
pants so excited suit he comes up with
it's gonna be hard pop a bump Tom bomb
drop are all right say goodbye everybody
