the yoga's a man shaycarl his wife Katie
left and they got four kids that one's a
princess and they got a big boy he was a
dancing queen while they beat on the
wrong car they complete the team that
the Shh I'm straight and I the hope
simple like what many subscribers yo hey
good morning I'm here on set at take 180
we're actually not at their studios
we're act a location at a high school
because I'm playing Hagrid and we're
gonna have a dance battle on to dance
down for us step up - I think so me and
Edward from Twilight or having a dance
battle there he is there's that word so
handsome
anyway so this is the trailer or this
like giant trailer thing it's really
cool this is like my little my area and
everybody else this is the big flood
screen TV you know come here pay on hand
for one it's just stupid
Dracula this off you'll see okay we're
walking on set here at the University
High School they're actually in class
right now so I'm gonna get a lotta weird
looks
hi girls what's up bro
it's like high school all over again if
I'm really getting looked out funny yeah
my hair is better now that it was back
in the day what's that man it's really
cool school it's a really old school and
the trees look like they do in the
vampire in the movie they're like
Portland trees here's the part about
being an actor a lot of people don't
understand is that you sit around a lot
you literally just sit there and wait
they shoot one shot we just did one shot
where I'm standing by the stairs and
Edward and Bella walk up to me and then
now we have to move the camera see look
they're moving the camera they have to
move the lighting you know the sound
it's like the whole set has to move and
so then it's like you just stand around
for 45 minutes waiting for him to just
set it up just right so that's like one
thing I never really knew before I
started doing this kind of stuff is that
when you're acting you stand around a
whole lot I can imagine like making an
actual movie you just it's like you know
takes months and months and months cuz I
just switch the camera angles and all
this stuff but it's a fun process it's
cool you know to see you see him do it
but we're at this school this is your
high school this is a cool school I like
it
it's a really nice campus I'd totally
like make out with hot chicks here you
know a class in high school I'm not I
won't but I'm like I'm just saying I'm
saying you know I'm so you learn okay we
have to hold set because President Obama
is flying over
I was just listening on the radio on the
way here this morning that President
Obama is in LA and that the traffic was
so bad that they're gonna have to fly
him on a helicopter
whoever he's going so there is what
class are you in
life skills don't jump out the window
that's not a life skill it's cool cuz
all these kids are like at school but
they're just like watching us out the
window and now I think they're probably
mocking me the pricing was such a fat
guy talking to us for some sort of
pedophile or something hey Edward hey
looks great dude he looks so handsome
you're sparkling you handsome every
angle 360 degrees of handsomeness now
it's time for Edward and I as dance
battle but you know it was coming I know
it's coming all wanna be it down I wanna
break it down we actually have two
professional dancers on set to these
homies hey guys this guy is an lxd
league of extraordinary dancers John
whoo woot-woot so they're way better
than us John oh I changed his name tell
him John whoo Chu wasn't her she's dumb
you better be what is it my buckle oh
thank you
what's going on here what are they doing
they're dancing yeah you guys should go
out and push them out of the way and
start dancing good you're better than a
four year old how do you feel about
yourself
random fighter works in Venice Beach oh
come on
got any kidding me shoot some higher
ones
oh what a what a bummer I just I'm the
worst vlogger ever there was literally
like this giant fourth of July
celebration the weirdest thing me and
this guy or just like wires are
fireworks I'm like don't ask questions
just enjoy it then I pulled my camera
out and then they stopped
Rhett's just here we're getting a snack
this nice Peter makes Peters here
somewhere
and find him this here somewhere we'll
find him here we are this is the bedroom
of the one the only the implement a nice
Peter Marie films this is so cool like I
feel like I'm getting a backstage pass
you know like this this is this is a
green screen
I assume yeah right here in screen Oh
what are they would you get these things
pause I mean these yeah so cool look at
this one this that's really cool yeah
like look this your closet dude where's
your underwear oh your your orange take
that sound my roommates uses my class I
know it's sweet it's sweet all right so
this is Peter's room this is where all
the magic happens and by magic what I
meant to say is music this is just
freaking me out
Oh Richard Ryan you did a great job
hey guys it is oh my gosh I'm so
exhausted it's 11:00 a.m. on Sunday I
just got to the airport my flight out of
LA this morning wasn't six tried to be
at the airport at 4:00 a.m. so I was
like so early I thought I just want even
go to bed and then I fell asleep for
like an hour and a half got up and
groggy mess and now I made it I slept
walked somehow to get here and now this
hotness you don't have to dress up to
come get me hi what are you guys doing
if you guys looking sharp did you miss
me I love you guys hairs babyt are
looking pretty as ever like you dress
little rock men doing Prince's turn how
much did you miss your dad while he was
gone like a lot like how much you think
they did awesome they make me feel good
that they cried love would women cry
over me you guys miss me do you miss me
baby tired do you love your daddy I love
you guys so cute you guys want to see
pictures of when I was in California I
played Haggard you guys remember Hagrid
from Harry Potter I dressed up like him
let me show you pictures oh you did
you're supposed to act excited bomb here
do jet a couple here hold on I'll show
you here's on my phone that's the one
see that big camera that's the huge
camera we use to make a video see okay
here's another one let's see here's me
and Edward from Twilight crazy huh
it was a lot of fun yeah that's what
daddy did when he's in California he
made videos he dressed up like a big
hairy man and made a video but you're
like sure like daddy that's what you do
at all day every day anyways you make
videos of big hairy men
I'm the big hairy man there's no other
big hairy man just on the big hairy man
Oh we'll get this one not to I marry
