heyyo his name is Shay Carl with his
wife Katie let Kenny got four kids that
one's a princess and they got a boy the
dancing queen baby what do you love that
thing
you guys have bad news Malachi's dead
he's been laying there in the dirt for
three days poor donkey he's just later
in the front
hey puppy I would look at you you're all
dirty you think you're coming inside you
got another thing coming there
Jehoshaphat no way Hey how do you my
baby boy that's my baby boy what you
guys talking about what you got wrong
about what you leaving again daddy
what you leave over time up in here
we're family and Families gotta stick
together leaving the ball down on the
airplane go Los Angels doing Danny oh we
gotta stick together this is a family oh
yeah rock art is a 300-pound black man I
swear at the airport oh damn it's gonna
be a short trip though before you know
it are you sad
what are you doing to his ears are you
following his ears
this kid doesn't matter what you do me
just sit there and smiles like I'm
perfectly happy with my life
where's baby tard what are you doing
hitching a ride kitchen arrived all
right I love you guys I love you buddy
you're the man of the house all right
yeah
can you do it it's tired she's gonna
she's gonna end up killing one of the
other children all right I'm cool with
that
if we did I know what happened if we
just left our four kids are just sitting
here at the airport
guys I just did it again I left my
camera in the seat pocket of this thing
in front of me I'm gonna run back out to
the plane I went to try to get on the
plane and they're like you can't get on
the plane
I can't you on the plane I'm like I love
my flip camera in there but I'm sorry we
can't lose children playing they're like
what see were you I'm like the first
seat on the right place I need it
there's footage on that camera and so
she went back on the plane I barely got
it close when you got its way like you
I'm getting a lot of weird looks right
now I don't care I'm so used to it
doesn't bother me I could just be
screaming to this Airport right now no
one even bothered me I'm not gonna
because I look like a crazy man and they
might kick me out but I'm just walking
to the airport we're gonna Salt Lake
I'm going to gate walk of a door walk
evader it's like escalator but it just
walks straight along the ground he went
so uh I've had to get me on board on
United I usually flight Delta and I'm so
stupid I have not gotten a freakin flier
frequent flyer frequent flyer cart yeah
that's so ridiculous and gonna fly some
lunch I should be racking up the points
I'm gonna I'm gonna call him to go I
wanna do it all right
on our second Frank Salt Lake Los
Angeles
okay they're just like the lighting and
just
I love airplanes now don't you who
doesn't love to do
and I do not have that information at
this time advocating information better
get the kid of the other I want to put
up that I'm shaking
I'm in the bathroom
okay here we are which made it I'm out
of breath
this is a long chat bye we're in Los
Angeles San Jose California and no means
go get a rental car at Avis so the only
ones had cars left so let's go get it to
this it's my rental car I don't know
what this is it's like a mix between a
hearse and a PT Cruiser I have no idea
what this car is I mean whatever I don't
care I'll Drive it it's a Chevy it's a
Chevy HHR I don't know what that is
anyways look spacious this Jeep is only
ninety bucks for four days
do any of you guys have a Chevy HHR
there's like leather seats in huh let's
try it out I'm open to new things
whatever it never fails
I swear to you it never fails every
single rental car I've ever gotten in
for the very first time is playing
Spanish talk radio I'm thinking the guys
who clean the cars they just love talk
radio
he's gonna fix us a kiss it's funny so
it's really kind of weirds me out
because I thought I got the economy and
he tried to upset me he's like do you
want the UH you want a nicer car and I
was like no I just want the cheapest and
he's like I can get you a really good
deal like on a full-size I was like no
you know my checking account just wants
the cheapest one you have this is like
this is a pulse I leave down the sunroof
holy cow I'm driving I'm driving with
the sunroof open even though it's
raining in California check it check it
Sun row we're outside it's raining
there's an airplane we're at the airport
rental car place whatever let's drive
let's do this you guys ready we're gonna
catch some G's house ok before you leave
the rental car place they have to check
your your wifey and stuff like that so
this guy was gone
where's like the hottest chicks man I
don't know
what kind of chicks I'm looking for like
the brunette kind that are married maybe
have like four kids you know where those
are out no I know dang it
thanks dad see ya all right take it easy
cuz they're in Idaho that's where
they're at he didn't know because
they're in Ida
man I don't know where they're at
yeah
just the way you that's a high it's a
high song it's hard to sing anyway as
that song just came on and now I miss my
family I miss my miss my kids
I smell in and out holy crap I'm not a
huge fan of inter now if you guys live
in California or Los Angeles you guys
are always like in and out it's so good
yeah I'm more of a 5 guy burgers fan
I've had both Lots look at me I might
have a history with burgers I might know
a thing or two about burgers so I mean I
know a lot of people because if you live
in LA or you live in California you are
die there it is right there
I knew I smelt it it's right there see
it there's in and out right there I've
had it probably ten different times and
it's good it's it's not bad but it's not
delicious I much prefer five guy burgers
over in and out now don't freak out
discuss amongst yourselves in the
comments but if you've had both what do
you think Five Guys or in and out I say
five guys it's just better to me and
just taste better and that's what
matters isn't it it tastes better
