heyyo with a man shaycarl when his wife
Katie let Kenny got four kids that one's
a princess and they got a big boy it was
a dancing queen while they beat on the
wrong paw they complete the team
right do you fill me I think you fill me
yeah straight trippin dog he loves that
thing oh it's not yeah I think people
are getting sick of us saying he's so
cute okay you're an ugly baby and no one
likes you
you are PDP boogers oh now you're ugly
again I'm gonna swing him so high oh I
can't deny your preciousness do you
think your little brother needs
assistance in his bouncing huh anything
he needs a little assistance but doink
doink
Boing he loves that thing don't bounce
him too hard you might shake his baby
brain right out of his earlobes I
wouldn't want that
that'd make a giant mess on our new
carpet hey cool
hey I'm just uh you know look around the
perimeter of the property making sure
everything's safe Oh dad I just like to
report to you that everything looks safe
and sound no intruders or anywhere to be
found
okay so you guys remember how we dug a
hole here and we're gonna put an
underground trampoline well it's kind of
turned into something different now it's
almost like a little pad for kids to
play on and right there little tricycles
around huh guys you having fun and we
might put a hot tub here or we could
still put a trampoline but it's cement
so I don't know we definitely have to
get one of those like
around it and it's not big enough for a
circle trampoline it's gonna have to be
a long rectangle one but the kids like
riding around in it right now and they
set up like their little toys and their
little houses and fun you guys like
playing down there it's cool huh yeah
that's a lot of fun the pumpkins are
starting to come out check out this one
that's gonna be a Big Daddy
it's just starting to turn orange not
cool he is excited to carve that cool
garden all those Tomatoes some of them
are dying but that's gonna be a big
pumpkin that's really cool yeah there's
some littler ones right here I don't
know if they'll get much bigger but
they're starting to turn also but this
is the Big Daddy this is the big that's
a big pumpkin which we named him true
named him Jack jack-o'-lantern we caught
we called pumpkin tard you see the
little tomato tart hey what are you guys
doing down there what are you guys doing
down there monsters you can't give me
you can help Cooper beat me up no cuz
you love me that why yes you love dad oh
I love you cutie patootie you got you
internet on it's getting cold outside
huh oh my god baby tard in the wagon and
rock card in the wagon and we're gonna
go for a little walk he's excited all
right let's go for a walk well I'm
excited
daddy I haven't been on a walk in a long
time it's been all I don't know ages you
know like maybe 20 years or so I'm like
grandpa Joel that's Grandpa Joe and
they're drinking the fizzy lifting drink
him and Charlie and they're floating and
he's like come on grandpa he's like I've
been done this in 20 years and I
remember thinking he did use to float on
fizzy lifting drink before you were
bedridden for 20 years that's a little
thing in the movie I think they messed
up they should have taken out because
it's like when it used to fly grandpa
Joe 20 years ago used to fly now you're
with you're with Charlie and it's like
you're reminiscing they'd either done
this anyways that's
earlier it's just we love Willy Wonka
we've watched it so many times that we
start to pick out these little things of
the movie that are silly or whatever
traveling holy Majoli you are a trooper
why is your hair salon it's funny yeah
it's funny that cleans your hair we take
a bath mix and not brown like ours are
you trying to say your mommy doesn't
wash your hair grows wash your hair
mommy tired gets frustrated when you
call her pregnant she's just she's she's
just a little mom extra mommy mommy
tired just asked me if I liked the
reduced-fat Nilla wafers and I said oh I
don't even realize they were reduced fat
they taste the same to me but apparently
different texture and when I bite into
them it's like nails on a chalkboard oh
really yeah let's do a live tasting Hey
look mommy card your drugs are almost
ready your drugs are almost ready to
harvest mommy card good for you you're
about to make a killing on the black
market with your
illegal drugs it is in the upper 48
states this is death
do not consume this material or you
become like that dad that is true my
metres recipe for disaster is closely
becoming a reality look there's more
more balls of redness it's becoming an
epidemic you don't think I know you
don't think I get this rock of choice
the kids are using these days you don't
think I dare I will guys I hope you
appreciate that oh that was apparently
for comedic purposes doesn't seem so
funny now still my mouth that's what she
said
nasty boss why he drew such gross drugs
why can't you make better drugs now but
the salt arms
two fat deer a female deer ray a drop of
Golden Sun me a name myself farm along
my way to run sew a needle pulling teeth
on a drink with jam honey I call my way
to roll
so
hey we're losing we're not losing yet
but we might as well be we're falling
behind and a lot it is still stinging
why did I make the decision to slap the
wood that's what she said
wheezy waiter weeds away though like a
creeper baby do you guys want a creeper
to win super no you don't let me ask you
that question a target value mates that
is a question that this brown haired
beauty asked you what are you gonna do
about it
smelling good head contest you would win
hands down how I did it again why
submit your super doubts now so that we
don't lose now we are defending
champions
you guys come a boy come a boy in submit
your notes to the iPhone channel super
enough goodness video okay let's go do
some more mommy's drugs
