hey yoga's a man shaycarl with his wife
Katie let Kenny got four kids that one's
a princess and they got a face boy was a
dancing queen while they beat on the
wrong paw they complete the team that
the shaitaan/satan and I the hope simple
like with many subscribers yo
when we got going on down here read a
little a little singsong clean Athan
just girl y'all not easy let's hear it
dude you like knew all the words from
the very first let me hear you sing from
the very first baby car do you know it
okay now what habit me and tell you guys
about this video that I made for the
Pepsi Refresh project it's not even on
any of my channels it's on their channel
you can go watch it right now it's a
really cool video I did a while ago when
I was in California with these guys
basically what they're doing is they're
helping out a ton of cool projects
around the nation people just have good
ideas and decide to help others and
Pepsi is donating a ton of money to
these I just did mine on organization
who helps newborn babies mothers like
basically people who just had babies and
it's like stressful and they need help
and they support those people because we
just had a new baby and I know what it's
like to have a new baby and be strapped
out and so I just made this video with
Pepsi Refresh project so go check it out
refresh everything calm link is in my
pants you can go watch the video what
are you looking at
come here hot stuff my wife just had a
baby and that's why I chose this project
sounds like this is what makes me think
about my wife and I love her and she
just had a baby but she had help so I
want others say how well anyways watch
the video I made it a while ago I guess
it links to my pants here we are at the
post office day 753 to see if mommy
Tarts iPhone case is here
actually she got it a long time ago but
I still see comments people like did
mommy turn to forget her iPhone case you
obviously don't watch all of our videos
because yes she did you miss a day
you'll miss a lot yeah I mean seriously
we adopted three kids four so this last
video some people I saw in the comments
just recently did the towards move
it's alright I know it's not like I'm
not yelling at you you know it's easy
for us because we do it every day no
anyways here's our case it's so sparkly
I think it's a piece of crap
it's beautiful yeah your face is
beautiful just kind of cheap because
it's like all the sparkly things you
guys can't tell but trust me it sucks
it's kind of cool it's you know yellow
but doesn't protect the front of it
really so so so cool go see if we got
any in our p.o box okay oh god I need a
subpar worth your sisters got to talk
like this today sorry gathereth ballet
class did she get the iPhone case oh she
didn't get another so I was just talking
to the captain of the CTFxC army Charles
Theobald his name's Theobald Charles
they're bald trippy the 14th I said
Charles how long are we gonna do these
daily vlogs and he's like I don't know I
was just thinking about the same thing
we're coming up on two solid years well
March March theft will be two years what
what is where we have November December
January so we've gone for a year and a
year in eight months
yeah March 5th
there's 12 months in a year genius I
know it's the 1st of March yet much of
it was that mean I just called you a
genius in a condescending way
great what am I gonna tell you oh I was
just saying to mommy tired I'm like you
know what I just I need a break from the
internet I really do
literally I know it's probably longer
than two years I mean we've been doing
the the daily vlogs for a year and eight
months so guaranteed I have been on the
internet every single day for year and
eight months but I know it's over two
years I guarantee you it's been two
solid years there has not been one day
go where I am NOT on the computer where
I'm not checking an email I'm not
reading Twitter I'm not reading comments
I'm not reading YouTube messages every
single day and it's like I need to go
camping for two weeks I need to be where
there's no electricity no internet and I
think I'm probably freaked out even like
when we leave the house for you know
five or six hours and we get home like
getting back on to the computer it's
like oh I can check stuff I can read
comments I can look at the stuff but I
just need that I feel like I'm losing
the passion or something I don't know I
just need respite that's all I mean it's
I don't know guys when it will be but
it's it's got to happen it's got to
happen soon or just gonna burn out now
we just can't can't burn can't can't
ride this wave forever I think we'll
keep doing the vlogs but I think and
start needing to like have weeks I don't
know we'll talk about it what do you
guys think leave me your comments below
let's discuss the matter okay what do
you think mommy charge
times if you have too much of it it does
become a little bit stressful that's why
we fight sometimes I mean that's why I
punch you in the face every night cuz I
just can't stand you know
it's a fellow Tenno hunkers it's some
fellow Tenno honkers I know some of you
guys will definitely support us and be
like yeah man you need a little time
spend time with your family and some of
you be like get a job Jay you should be
lucky you
what do you talk like that by the way
that's weird that you talk like that I'm
not sure it's kind of odd but maybe we
should see a speech therapist or
specialist I mean maybe like maybe it's
like from their childhood I mean it
could be something that's like internal
it could be a repression of like
something that happened in the past
I mentioned the neighbors want to slice
my throat
flight yourself stop Kobe you're being
obnoxious you're barking hi mom are you
ready you ready watch out son tired here
she comes
I'll your hair nice hair crazy face the
smoke Oh totally on fire just said
what's that my good job you just saved
the day princess hard your McGruff the
Crime fire dog or something he always
got going it wasn't it wasn't going
how'd you put it out what you do not
take again he won't watch this he
doesn't watch any of my videos dad if
you're watching this why don't you ever
tell me you love me
girls Bert still good job good way to
see grandma trying to murder everybody
that's definitely broken there it is
Justin Bieber eat your heart out son
tarts coming to Hollywood baby he's a
triple threat kind of guy acting singing
and dancing oh yeah
and run the 40 in six minutes flat wait
that's not very good as a good singing
dude
mommy thar somebody left a comment and
how that maybe fix the van doors Tony
for pres said there's a few different
ways you could do it remove fuse number
13 for 30 seconds from the passenger
side fuse box this will reset the door
and the clock that sounds scary number
13 I'm gonna go fix the van off of a tip
that I received from a youtube comment
seems reasonable let's go try it
alright Tony for prez this works I will
be shocked okay so these are automatic
doors so normally all you have to do is
and then they'll go and open but now
it's like it wouldn't be a pain really
if they were just easy to open and shut
like a normal van door but because
they're on a track they're like
hydraulics so it's like you have to push
almost as hard as you can to get them
shut down the fuse box it's right here I
should need a flashlight
number 13 Fat Boy and a little fuse box
I'm not so sure this is a great idea but
if it works then I will be happy because
I'm tired shut the doors okay one two
three I'll fast forward to 13 seconds a
30 seconds so you don't have to stay
here and wait but here this is the
here's the fuse I just pulled that out
says
it's 1.5 K let's put it back in and see
what it does back in if this works
no this works I'll freak Oh Tony for
presence hoping it would work
powered or he said that if you pull out
number 13 it's the clock but it's also
the backup but now I'm gonna pull out
the power door lock and that just might
be just the I don't know it's this
yellow one let's try this okay we're
gonna try it we're gonna push the door
button order stone oh that's me open
says me again no I'll read the other
suggestion he gave but it seemed really
complicated his other one said to
disable the power door switch on the
left dashboard remove the power door
fuses located under the front passenger
leg area manually open and closed Wolfe
sliding doors restore the power door
fuses located under the front passenger
area enable the power door switch on the
left dashboard try opening the sliding
doors again okay let's try that Susan
he's funny he's just like screwed with
us like my ceiling get out the van and
push all bunch of buttons and suicune
craziness they'll do these probably yes
are you kidding me
Hey thank you Tony for prez but really
I'll just show you what the real problem
was see the sliding door thing here this
was just turned off when I looked at
your steps to how to fix it I thought oh
let me okay let me go turn this off oh
wait it's already off so I turned it on
and what are you best about I fix the
door we've got in the last couple days
like when we jump the thing that's like
that's so weird well thank you so stupid
I'm an idiot I should have looked but
the doors were fixed now embarrassed
thanks that's a good life lesson
actually don't tell me you've never done
something like that before where there
was something that was just so easy to
fix the problem but you just didn't even
think about it literally we've gone two
days it's been so annoying opening and
closing these doors by hand where all
you have to do is push one button and
remain our lives so much simpler you
brush your teeth you ready for Thresh
breath test it smell smells clean good
job all right in bed this Way's bed come
on
that means clean your room but face I
love you see in the morning see in the
morning in the morning like to rile em
up right before they go to bed good
night my little tardes I love you let's
see if one of them's gonna get out of
their bed Thunder print is hard this is
your father I will come in there and
bite your nose off okay good night
