you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax power
because
like
they found us guess you shouldn't tell
people while hotel you're staying in and
then stay there again the next night
well so leave you presents I forgot what
is it for it's a start
grab that bag let's see what's in it
wait maybe I should look what if it's a
bomb it could be a bomb
I don't want you to blow up pull that
shirt out what is that whoa open it
let's see it if you see my flip cam
you're probably on YouTube wow that's
cute
Teresa Teresa Gabe and that looks like
daddy's size our shirt - thank you
assume this note says your amazing
family for just being awesome we love
you guys the Gerard family and there's
their YouTube thanks guys for the
present I was exciting I hope you didn't
cut our brake lines to our van and then
we got another note over here let's do
it this one says wvc West Valley College
maybe Utah loves shaycarl we're number
one
thanks for the gifts you guys fun thing
to come out to in the mornings of your
van
okay we're all pumped up we're here in
gymnastics we're excited to go in and go
to all yeah well oh okay oh crap
well I guess just we're not all excited
to do some back flips good alright so
got a new camera no camera a new camera
because I ruined
yesterday's camera mommy tarts camera
which is been dazzled right nope what is
it to dazzle my bad
don't Google enter folks seriously don't
you little have once again if I had a
nickel for every time I heard Shea I
would be a millionaire I wanna be a get
yelled at millionaires well I'm just
this is random babbling I
sorry guys he's just uncontrollable he
didn't tell you about that well let me
tell you why don't don't elaborate or
exaggerate that's here let's hear your
story dad it's hard ran over a median
they said median is like like a person
would listen we were all it wasn't like
I think I actually hit the gas because
of my mind I thought well if I hit it a
little faster maybe we'll get okay so
what happened is what wait whoa I really
did push on the gas you really because I
just thought it's you know because of
course p-funk fast it's like did it but
if you go over slopes like so like we're
turning left out of the Cheesecake
Factory in Salt Lake and I had everybody
in the van my mom Casey Kaylee Carly
mommy tard
all of us rocked hard was there and I
went to turn left
did you like dear daddy stories you like
your daddy stories he was there he
remembers so I like to turn left and I'm
going and also there's this giant
meeting in the road and I just like hit
the gas and we hit it and go and
everybody in the van is like and now the
van doors don't work I'm just not being
very good with machinery lately okay
let's go to gymnastics wake up kids
let's go you go cheer okay go with your
coach go with coach car
I've gone off to do the Cheerilee scoop
rail the very low it's gonna be the
Olympics one day I started me like I'm a
weirdo I'm not a weirdo I'm say Carl
daddy like looks way like I'm kind of
embarrassed are you embarrassed of me no
I love you one day said one they said
one they say let go okay I'm gonna say
something smart in the echo you guys
ready Jolyon invariance or Galilean
relativity as a principle of relativity
which states at the fundamental laws of
physics are the same in all inertial
frames hello Leo Galilee 1632 his
dialogue concerning the two chief world
systems using the example of Kip's
traveling at constant velocity without
rocking on a smooth z and the observer
doing experiments below the deck could
not be able to tell whether the chip was
going to stage and every gecko it was
pretty smart
we did it we finally said something
smart into the echo but you know it's
butter just saying
pop my smartness sing a song singing the
hills are alive with the sound of music
why would mother like when you said
remember me once in a while Keys prom
this week yeah that says Shay is Totally
Rad cool and awesome you wanna write
something right something cool s H a who
I oh that gives me like that shells I'm
out for a like scrap oh hey why oh you
just put a why it's SH a why here make
this into an Han yeah there you go why
sweet what's he doing smart you lit the
BB it's a baby hi baby
what are you writing straight towards
nice
looks good dude that's a hard oh geez go
do it
Thunder it's over the bouncy ball bounce
it don't hit rock card about oh I caught
it
okay ready Oh didn't go in there okay
you get it well here it gets uh yeah
this new pizza place look at that those
benches are made of a skateboard radical
all right we have multiple artists over
here and it's starting to look great
what you guys doing this is teamwork
join the teamwork drawing wall crazy
hilarious we should get the one of these
for our house huh
that'd be cool beauties I have just
three questions no wait I have one
question
three words are you excited are you
excited all right let's go we're here at
the Halloween store oh sweet I found out
what I want mommy tried to be for
Halloween yeah I got I got you a costume
already look dude check it out look what
I found
I'm not cool baby turtle love me if I'm
Tinkerbell E Tinker Bell that's so cute
what do we got what no no no
inappropriate Carly not it's not
appropriate Ando let's go on home
this was going hey dude no when the hats
fit you got a small head dude I think we
found what you should be for Halloween
it's a Michael Jackson coat do you turn
around let's see
Terron let's see do the moonwalk do you
know how to do the moonwalk your honor
the moonwalk like this I like it whoa
wicked what is it
what's his wings KITT rock guard
Skeletor tard
