you are now watching the Shaytards watch
just sit back relax power
because
like
those boys that cute legs and their
short in short I sure hope they win the
competition I think those are the same
guys we saw running at the football game
yesterday there's these guys running
around the track of the football game
yes ready this is their big meet yeah
must be a cross-country trip today I
used to run cross-country whatever Jay
wouldn't know you could never run
cross-country that boys don't run
cross-country
I wasn't always chunky I'll have you
know I ran cross-country for like two
years but I hated it it was the worst
because worse like the worst nervousness
like on the bus ride over to the race
and like even right before like right
before they're about to pull the trigger
it was like it's like there's like
you're going to an execution
you know without a doubt it is gonna be
painful it is gonna hurt because it's
cross-country you know it's gonna be a
long run and like I was so competitive
that I I would push myself so hard that
I would it be so much pain if I'd be
like so nervous just this pit in my
stomach because I knew it was gonna be
utterly painful and I'm like I don't
think I'm like why be doing this this is
not fun at all I am NOT enjoying myself
one bit doing this it's like I gotta go
to cross-country track and
I think I was but I did pretty good
actually don't believe me I'm not
telling you guys Stephanie Morgan's
never believe me I'm not sharing my life
online with you guys anymore you won't
believe me where are we going we're in
the western world
could we be traveling the Shaytards once
again our bounding out on a journey the
only time will tell
where could the location be this time
we'll be sure to tune in next Saturday
when the Shaytards reveal where they're
going on this trip where you could just
be watching this video and we'll tell
you in a few minutes we're going to Utah
because we like Utah they're great great
what's good Utah well I can tell the
greatest snow on earth
you guys know my brother Casey lives in
Utah we're going to lagoon frightmares
that what's called if you know about
Utah Salt Lake and all they have this
what's it like park it's like six flags
but it's like there's not there's only
one of them there's only one of these
places they dress it all up and make it
Halloween yeah Halloween themed they
call it frightmares they do all the
scary stuff and it's pretty cool I mean
it's a pretty legit theme park there's
only one of them you know so it's kind
of white trash but they got some good
rides the closest theme park to where we
live anyways we're just artists here
chillin like a villain sub dawg
say word G straight trippin to your
mother what Nellie Oleson all right and
then these two are trying to catch flies
we told them we said you guys were gonna
be headed to Utah be sure to sleep with
your mouths open so you try to catch
flies we haven't cut yet but we're
hoping with this dude we could catch
some but he's asleep nor the smells
close it's not doing as good of a job
how do you feel you're the only child
awake do you feel like you're an elitist
more that's true I think she's like her
dad her dad is a yeah a non sleeper she
until until he does go to sleep that
he'll sleep till one in the end she
really does she'll sleep in and then at
night she can yeah you're like your dad
you know that your night out
give it up dog you excited to go to
lagoon yeah we're gonna go swim into the
hotel tonight you pumped all right
that's what we're doing ih
probably fasten my safety harness but
mommy dirts drive it's unsafe right so
we are here at exit 331 sharing the
comfort in the Comfort Inn it's one of
the best hotels I've ever stayed in
I really wish they're paying me to say
this because Otis saved me almost $200
what do you get laughing at looks like
we picked up a straggler hey Bailey hey
Bailey tard
what's going on dog up your dad's
calling me let me answer it let me vlog
drive and answer the phone hello
they have it's really bad Mia I'm gonna
hit her
i'ma hit her ready ready me and Carly
are fighting down down here at the hotel
or at the Staybridge Suites look this is
these are the waters can't go by you go
by that waterslide
you did okay pour it around here you're
always right behind me just tell me
karinna driver's seat drivers he may or
may not have been touching my mail river
Douro or saying the sacred sweets here
we are we're there okay kids let's go
uh-uh get up oh where we going we're
gonna do what are we gonna do mom eat
our what's that boy doing hey guys so or
I'm in bed now and we're all at a hotel
and so what happened yesterday is that
we were gonna stay at the Comfort Inn
but what happened KC mom happened mommy
tired you wrecked one KC rub my feet
please just roll them and we're gonna
stay at the Comfort Inn and go to look
good but we didn't do the hose so we
came to this where we at Sturbridge
that's Staybridge and it's like a nice
hotel with water slides
but he gets priority saw that I think
I'm going to put two days footage
together kind of get very much footage
from yesterday that's why I'm in bed
there's a lot of commotion going on out
there
come on sis come on juist yeah yeah so
we're just all here yeah okay I'm gonna
put two days of footage but just the
early morning of today cuz I don't have
enough footage from yesterday then I'll
just start filming after I get the
footage to put up in the video it's a
it's a process it's complicated you'll
see okay love you guys who's kissing
your kissing Haley no you better tell
your uncle Casey about that crap in our
hotel room and we're gonna go get some
breakfast and Oh way to wake up my mom
and my sister hopefully they're asleep
that we can jump off throw pillows out
of a sleep last night
Oh beat the bed so did mommy tard so
it's cool mama joy did you pee the bed
last night he did when you woke up me
guys accuse each other okay we're going
this way come on follow the group
everyone smells where they're going but
you - did you pee the bed doesn't mean
you can tell us the wrong direction are
you coming down the breakfast I wind it
two hours ago
Hey hi how's it going a button your head
yeah it's okay
you guys already had breakfast sweet
okay everyone get breakfast then bye bye
I love you fine you look pretty mom
Casey's eaten Harley's breakfast
sweet let's go let's go come on we're
going to your breakfast Sun garden let's
see that a harmonica necklace you got
you got jamming their son tire now has
his own soundtrack that can travel with
him anywhere he goes you wish you had
that much style that much style and
rhythm that old table of ours look at me
now it's centered no shame no shame
we're having waffles
breakfast is Dada
they're coming I'm my son's dead I'm
dead I'm dead to shame danke danke it's
a you know it's a Tonka is it's it's
Buffalo in Indian for at least that was
on the movie what does that show Dances
with Wolves this hotel school has a
theater room sure come on you're
watching movie you guys what do you
think baby tard
JC come look at the movie room it's very
serious business
