what do you say MIMO now we're just
waiting for the doctor to come in
alright we are headed up to the studio
we're gonna do a live workout Shay's not
in town yeah and we're gonna do a
workout with him over Skype
yeah what I saw TV yeah it's gonna be
exciting what is you on so we were at
the workout video know what I do with
the workout video like this TV and
that's not-- a little bit oh sure dad um
yeah I'll show it'll show dad from the
TV technology amazing yet they yay for
technology can you say yay for
technology my hands really veiny when I
do that huh I sure do I like your shirt
what well I'm a dummy Daxton you said
that whole leg workout and I didn't vlog
any of it we did Pilates though I love
Pilates I haven't done Pilates for
awhile and I noticed that when I started
doing it it's kind of one of those
things that you're like oh am I really
getting a good workout we're just doing
slow movements but the inner deep core
muscles that you're working it makes a
big difference and I notice when I do it
consistently it shapes my body
differently and I love it
Pilates if you didn't get a chance to go
watch the live workout you still can
it's up on the channel on Shayla so go
do the Pilates workout with me and
Monica it was fun and the boys were a
little wild I think they get a little
crazy when Shay's gone it's like they
sense that there's an energy lacking and
so they need to make up for it because
Shay's energy and vibe is like so
awesome so they just needed to like
match that today or at least try
watch their crazy antics would you find
alright let's go grab Brock and we'll go
get some snacks eating right now I'm in
an airport I woke up in the nick of time
check out how cool my airplane ride is
and look how good this vegetarian
lasagna
time to go to the doctor see how these
boys are growing okay act like you're in
the water okay okay I never put the
phone or the camera down saying to get
picture yeah look at you he has to do it
too just cuz it's not quite as fast I
don't get there Kate Jax come on we're
gonna go see how big you are then you
can for that yeah ready Jim Jim all
right let's go see how big you are
okay so big high five appease your hands
on your belly go 29 you're such a big
boy can I have a high five from you yes
thanks look at all you are okay come on
hey how tall are you
43 big you're almost as later almost a
square your turn right now we're just
waiting for the doctor to come in
yep take it a nap
where do we hide from the doctor how do
you hide from the doctor and the doctors
often spot you still not be all right
how was it okay
did it hurt just a little bit but now
it's going through your body making you
stronger huh cat kill cool dude drug
tell him how strong you are now yeah we
did hook juice yeah well they gave you
they gave you immunizations that will
help you be stronger help your body so
you don't get certain sicknesses all
right so I try to move some things
around
and I put these flowers in that vase and
I think it just looks a little bit too
dr. Seuss II like the vase is too big
for those flowers so I have to try
something different but I like the coral
and the blue together and I put this one
that used to be their fair I think
that's kind of pretty I don't know just
trying some new stuff I'm not the best
home decorator as most of you have
noticed I'm sure but yeah it's fun to
try new stuff
I am always - a little bit - um always -
a little bit - I'm always a little bit
too judgmental of my own decorating but
yeah it's always fun hey guys
chill out bro over there what are you
girls watching
I love that video two years ago remember
that I remember the parts where I loved
the office yeah 7q we just got our
assignments for family home evening
which is on Monday but Avia is a chart
she gave me my assignment I will be
doing the treat and leaving the song but
PS the treat has to have sugar she knows
me I've been like super sugar free
lately she's like none of that on trick
night mom
that's well we'll have plenty of time to
decide and it's my turn to decide so I
will get decide with the treatments I
wonder whether maybe it's me I don't
know yeah I haven't decided what do you
guys I don't know yo yo yo shaycarl here
in an airport restaurant hiding in the
corner recording an end slate you guys
I'm pretending that I'm on the phone
with you or on the phone right now
so I look non discreet I had this
delicious spinach blueberry almond
slivers salad oh it was to die for I
wanted to tell you a story real quick
here in the in Slate I had the craziest
experience this morning I thought I set
my alarm last night for 5:00 a.m.
because my flight was at 7 a.m.
boarding at 6:30 a.m. and I forgot to
set my alarm for 5:00 a.m. that's in my
mind what I thought I was gonna do I was
like 5 a.m. there'll be plenty of time I
can shower get ready get to the airport
you know be at mygait by 6:15 get on the
flight at 6:30 I just for some random
reason woke up and thought it was like 4
3 4 in the morning and I just had this
feeling like a look at your phone right
now and I looked at my phone and it was
603 a.m. and I was like no because a via
was yelling at me about getting back to
be the host of this talent show thing
they're doing so I jumped up grabbed my
backpack grabbed attacks
he told the guy please hurry I'll give
you a huge tip he flew to the airport so
fast that I know that if I'm 30 minutes
late past the check-in time that they
won't let you check in I asked the guy
in the taxi I said we please wait here
I'm gonna run in print off my boarding
pass and then I'll come back and get my
backpacking coat so I sprinted in with
like a minute and a half we're talking
90 seconds to spare here people I got my
boarding pass I went back out to the cab
I paid them I gave him $100 tip because
I was so happy that I made it because I
didn't have a bag to check so I just had
my backpack so then I just made it
through I ran to the gate and I was the
last one on the plane and then I shot
that footage on the airplane you just
saw so I'm going home to my babies and
I'm gonna be the MC yo okay see you guys
later bye
