you are now watching the Shaytards do
the king
online
my toe
hey it's right now what you doin
those head in the store thank you I love
this thing think you have videos of a
baby tart in this baby I hope I do fine
you got it
he's smiley so good he's gonna love this
so happy yeah jump right down oh yeah oh
yeah
can you reach wanna make sure he can
fill the yeah there yeah here you go
dude
Saul you lucky oh you jump room I can
put hanging out your big butt your left
cheek in there whoa okay I'm like I do
ever like it's so exciting with things
like these I'm like poor daughter Mike
come on Eli working swinger oh you
should have seen his face really scared
he's like fun
they're do now you're your own man yeah
you could just do walking around he had
some buck legs in no time do you like it
look at you they grow up so fast
he's already walking right no he's gonna
be refinancing his mortgage before we
know it yeah I just said he's he is
mortgage how you tomorrow day up so the
the Chilean miners are seven left
they've rescued 26 of the of the miners
and I'm just watching on CNN on my
computer as I am uploading the vlog it's
slow process but it's going Rock turns
been in a swing for about ten minutes
now and he is lovin eggs I think he
loves the freedom he loves to be able to
see what's going on around him I think
he gets frustrated when he just sees the
same
over and over you got so much freedom
now dude you got a full 360 degree angle
your world is just totally opened up
yeah is so bright actors the girls here
at cheerleading class and they're just
warming up with Carly and I'm just
getting a kick out of it I'm you think I
fell cute just think they're so cute I
don't want to wear a lot but
unfortunately they have to right here I
was thinking about kid and how fast they
grow looking at rocked hard he's four
months old now and he's huge think of
how much they grow within a year like
with any year they go from being infants
to like two feet tall and walking but
it's crazy to me it makes me so sad I
just think if you have kids you just
have to enjoy every moment because it
really does go so fast you realize it
was fast until it's gone
not a depressed anyone out there but
just just have fun
one cuts a cold night Cooper
hey trust me all right for today I don't
know where her doing French I started
listening high over the pike jaw you did
a really good job
those are hard hey baby time you're not
listening okay show me how to do a pike
oh gosh
that was so good hey basically your
player Oh
okay ready
good girl
boo nice please ready now here's old
house
bring some chicken what are you doing Oh
hurts you al look at me you need pants
on your weirdo listen here's the best
gardening tip I can give you whatever
you're out weed whacking weed eater make
sure you do not wear safety glasses
first rule second rule make sure you're
in flip-flops for the experience you can
just really feel the grass if it like
you become one with it and as it beats
against your shins ankles and toes the
pain shooting through the spine of your
back will help you really relate to the
grass that's being cut and I think for
an overall better feel and look to your
yard that's the best tips I can give so
tune in next week we do Shea curls
building tips how to spackle your roof
shirtless that's great Logan was that
funny look look was that funny get off
your phone and mow get to work you
haven't moved for a month
oh snap
here's the souffle from shake you ready
don't break him oh I just sharted
that's gross
God see it is good night didn't ya
that's motivation to fight that totals
Meister i pwned your noob go green this
grass look
we'll pay attention to you will pay
attention to you yell you kill fate he
wants to go on his jumper again I think
he was loving that is a sombrero holy
cow what do you want to wear the
sombrero - I don't get a some bro here
the Larry god you're hilarious you want
to do hey I like her hair did you do her
hair a different way let me see your
hair it's like a bum Oh cute
turn around Snookie hey Snookie turn
around Jersey Shore looks cute crazy
kids don't need all this chicken I want
some of that
oh look mommy starts growing drugs in
this house - you got drug houses all
over the city the cops are gonna be on
to you mommy tard look we're doing
go to show Logan all right come on she
put it on she goes I want to show Logan
this
come on Wallflower rocking the Christmas
lights all year white-trash style it's
getting closer all the close to
Christmas right what's up come here baby
car wants to show you something she said
I want to go show uncle Logan that's so
cool camels done like good food want
some chicken
you have chicken you didn't give me me
we I'm saving a piece one piece you have
to finish it's a big piece it's like
it's behalf of the size of your head
it's like this it's like Justin Bieber's
shoulder
it's literally no we've murdered Justin
Bieber and we're eating his shoulder
there's gonna be a lot of angry little
girls today centaur does at school and
what a date well no what happened hoped
so um this is coffee candy for stranger
stranger action huh so somebody closer
so weak
wait wait wait let me preface this real
quick these high school kids came to
sunt art school today and taught him
about stranger danger and they said
beware of men with mustaches who look
weird all right show me show me okay so
this is called a candy bar stranger
action so this man comes and II found
this girl that's walking it says I walk
hello hey little girl
so say little girl what grandma shut
your mouth okay okay so Skye has a candy
bar that he was gonna give to the school
she said and then he was like I just
know him that I smell neighborhood that
yellow and that yellow house on their
cheek and she ran to this like safe
house good rough house yeah would it
look at a files put a drop house we do
I'm graduated from strange stranger
danger
congratulations kids guess what I'm
fragile
215 I got some candy in my grandkids
handy
that's good centaur haleyss and that's
really important huh you got to be sure
to not talk to strangers even if they
have candy bars puppies for drugs where
are the big one this is a big one they
use oh no I lost my little toe yeah I
lost my puppy my rainbows xbox they find
her own puppy yours dude dad nice train
that's the second stranger danger after
Oh watch it you take a hot guy down the
road okay
 Oh lessons out for a six-year-old
right now it's like a cowboy I
appreciate that
how much wrong with a cowboy huh what's
wrong with a cowboy Tilly I don't know
okay the man with the hat is now the
cameraman ready here we go so it looks
like you didn't but really it looks like
you're giving you a wedgie yes please
talk down to me me friend
straighten our things on me
we know a good picture um from down no
you might be too tall for it ready hold
on time leave out sounds no let her die
yeah Poehler
don't let her run to the door jam okay
there give me your foot
give me your foot get air foot thanks
for the help son Darden here we go hold
on tight
hopefully the door gee I'm not some reg
ready is that money that fun baby died
careful Indra come here turn around let
me see your foot let me see your foot in
your foot
ready one two Thunderhead there's no way
you do there's no way you can fit on
that thing we're watching Anderson
Cooper the very last of the rescue
workers the very last person is about to
go up from the mine inside the mine and
that dudes the very last one I'm gonna
get in the the capsule and head up to
the top he's the very very last person
out of the mine it's so cool areas me
amigo so cool makes me emotional really
does I'm just like
humanity you know just oh wow it's
awesome
