I can't believe she started doing this
it's like you think you know somebody
you know really and they're like so
growing pot your basement I mean how
many drugs are we gonna start doing the
honey tarts no no they're not
I know marriage you wonder when I see
marriage you wanna what else you got
back here
you smoking the reefer down here are you
mommy don't even know what the gold
chain or else mommy said Bob Marley get
up stand up stand up oh you're right
mommy is getting up standing up
I understand but I'm sending you to 30
years in the State Penitentiary
for your growing up to the basement
drugs kids do Tomatoes I'm a retard
right no dress mommy tart I don't know
if this makes you an old lady or what
Mommy tarde or just the hot gardener
mommy tired to put blankets on her
tomatoes last night I remember as a kid
I remember as a little kid going to
school and walking by people's houses
and seeing like blankets on on plants
and I'd be like what is going on like is
there a bum sleeping there because it's
like freezing at night here now you have
to put blankets over your Tomatoes so
they don't freeze it's not crazy
yeah take em off I love you I love you
it's David are you niggas you guys are
PD excuse me
we are a little busy can't you see we
are obviously working on something we're
a team were cohorts in a giant
conspiracy on the internet and we are
currently typing out a very strongly
worded email okay if you could just go
we are obviously in the middle of
something yes I just got an email from
the will of DC and we're rebelling the
mess we continued our email where we are
what are we doing here we're by a book
oh that's good I get to keep one we were
talking about the book fair said here
I'm gonna go get some bucks and then
later today he goes did you know you get
to keep the book oh yeah you buy him and
he goes you don't have to take them back
what book are you gonna get which one
you're gonna get dude this is a Boston
from the past I went to the same school
and I ran for sixth grade a class
president right here
in this very area I gave my speech
standing right there and all the kids
were sitting right here on these steps
had a pretty cool way to run for
president I'll tell you guys about it
when we're in the car I'll give you guys
cuz I I need to be a lot more boisterous
because Charlie called did you win yeah
I did
I was sixth grade I was six I'm card
come here come to this book oh yes wow
there's your bud
there's your bud there's Nathan I know
me Nathan we're so tight I feel bad
because when I first put up that vlog I
would Nathan hung out with us and had
lunch with us I put his wrong Twitter
linked in my pants and I just put Bruin
dude and one of you on who you are one
of you made a fake Twitter account and
people started following that so that's
not his real Twitter if you guys really
want to follow Freddie there Mike Riley
on Twitter I will put his real link in
my pants this time where he texts me
he's like hey dude did you fix that link
I was like oh crap so sorry like a jerk
another cool thing about this library is
I remember playing Oregon Trail for
those of you who are old like me do you
remember the game the video get my video
game computer game Oregon Trail these
are definitely not the computers we play
it on but I remember getting dysentery
in this library oh the memories I
forwarded the river I lost my old family
and we'd have enough bacon that to shoot
a bison just to survive in this library
I only go into the old bathroom I never
go in here and then when I see younger
and the sixth grade boys have been here
oh my god this hasn't changed a bit
I was here look at this it's so cool a
hole and now what I was gonna say see
Rock charts will on my beard rock that
hurts this is where I met Jamie Jamie
from my vlog golfin fourth grade miss
Armstrong remember we're just talking
about that this Billy squared me and
Jamie met and I'm back here today this
is a flood of emotions
I wonder if I sang the acoustics in here
when I was a bitch I'm like really
excited
anyway this is crazy crazy blast from
the past
yeah pink hair or do you have to say
captain reads a lot can't get in the van
time you should tell you show me what
book you got Christmas card you wanna go
first let's see what you got oh it's a
magical the fairy princess thing with
the little jewelry the Diamond Castle Oh
cute son tard what you get you got a
harmonica book you learn how to play the
harmonica and sloppy joe that's for
mommy tard now kids remember what we do
with books what do we do with books
take care right we read them and don't
burn them okay unless say unless they
say things that we don't agree with
hyung guys disapproving looks from mommy
too hard I think we need to get a theme
song with that disapproving looks from
mom it's not hard at the end of the song
as we go shake do you never know this
story no I'm excited
wait where we go dance but where's that
girls okay we have two girls I remember
their names they're in the back seat
here's the story and you don't even know
the story I don't this is so great
that's what's so good about lean on
these daily vlogs it's like you discover
these really cool stories I'm gonna
never told before I'm sorry
here I go again
building up a story way more than extra
good so they want to actually tell it
you'll be super disappointed this is
actually a really cool story okay so
sixth grade rolls around and the time
comes where you can run to be class
president sixth grade yeah it was like
for the whole school cuz you're a sixth
grade class president so not only are
you the president of your class but your
for the whole school so all the sixth
grade through kindergarten I was the
Prezi of my school so my mom she's like
you should run for class president I'm
like that's good one dude yeah it so my
mom this is all her idea really it was
she sad kid this is what you should do
and it was really now that I think about
it was like pretty funny and pretty cool
but at the time I was like I don't know
if I want to do it so what she had me
videos I went to school dressed in like
my church clothes I had like a tie on
how they got my guess escucho like I was
totally dressed up had my hair slicked
down like purposely nerdy like I looked
like a presidential candidate they said
they're right so we go to school that
morning and I'm just like pretty
embarrassed actually because all my
friends like what are you wearing like
what do you are you wearing the suit
with your hair slicked down like that I
remember had a one friend his name was
shot he was like a really cool kid
Chauncey say was Sean see Charlie
Bronson Charlie Bronson and he was like
totally making fun of me like dude what
are you wearing I'm like shut up like I
don't want to give the secret away I'm
like my mom made me were dude it's
stupid I know so I get up there and
here's this they're holding this plan
right bring it up and it's just in front
of the sixth-grade class I think in that
little pit that I was showing you guys I
had these little papers right and I had
this little bag set out I had like a
backpacker like the briefcase I think it
was and I had this little talk and I
started reading this talking like
fellow students and faculty and and and
all the moms were there because there's
like four or five people running for
this thing right as all the moms were
there to watch the speeches so I'm gonna
I get up there and I'm like all nerdy I
have this speech and I'm like dear
fellow students and faculty and I start
reading this like really generic like
what you'd expect for somebody running
for president and then all sudden I go
mom
I'm sorry I can't do it this way and I
chucked the papers down mess my hair up
I pull out this bag ripped my shirt off
put a hat on sideways and I have this
little radio player and I hit play and
it's little rap that I had okay the way
I had practiced that my mom helped me
write like a good I know it was like
some way my name's CheY and I'm here to
say I'll be your class president every
day or something I can t remember it'd
be funny like go back in the back lying
it what it was it was like this little
rap and it's like all cool and stuff
I'd like mom I can't do that I'm gonna
do my own way and I like did it I like
totally did it and everyone's like
because I like took my pants off and
everything all my and all the girls like
oh like taking up all my clothes yeah
and I won I won class president I was so
nervous so embarrassed to do it what I
was like I was like you know cuz right
on the verge like that's a pretty good
idea but like no do that anyway so I was
class president my sixth grade year and
that's even over my yearbook I'll try to
find the yearbook and I'll uh see if I
get a picture I'll take a picture with
my phone and show you guys you're gonna
dance or chair it's ballet isn't it
where's your shoes your shoes get your
shoes don't they it's done two sets of
photos leave your books here we'll have
your books for you later just get your
get your your bread called pointer belly
shoes what charge their torches all
right get your shoes let's go those
retard shoes let me see them you know
Godard shows I want to put this in
record as saying that I think we are
gonna officially have the best smelling
house ever on record for houses that
smell good
we have here a giant box we got some
competing candle companies out there
Rick what does it say
this is colonial candle crafters in
Pennsylvania Rita I'm not a small candle
shop located in central
Selenia pas Pennsylvania right specific
Avenue I have watched the video that
showed you receiving boxes of Yankee
Candles and noted the fragrance
fragrances you received as Yankee Candle
Company is the grand pooh-bah the grand
pooh-bah it's like the Big Cheese the
grand pooh-bah HNIC it's it's an acronym
from stand by me with with Morgan
Freeman stand by lean on me
never mind
continue anyway and the one we smaller
Oh Sin City candle company is the Grand
Poobah all Campbell companies and the 1u
smaller cut mommy Todd's just learning
how to read it's a new team here on
shaycarl Chandal mommy todd burns how to
read the words on the letter yeah yeah
yeah let's just look at the friggin
candles alright it's not really good
alright open this up let's see it what
is that mango mango mango
colonial candles the best
therapy that just smell good mango
smoothie that would actually I think I
like that one better raspberry
pomegranate handles my smell candles it
honestly gives me like a natural high
because when you inhale oxygen and like
it stimulates your brain plus it smells
good so it just makes me feel like this
is a colonial candle crafters and this
is the raspberry pomegranate what other
ones they send us they hit this with a
hammer and made this that's awesome
well thanks candle person we appreciate
it so what's her name thanks Pat from
colonial candle crafters she sent us a
ton of them I'll put a link I assume
there's a website in there somewhere so
uh thanks for sending us free stuff I
guess I'll give you a shout out so just
send us a box full of free stuff I guess
you get a shout out I'll put a link down
here if there's one there's like a ton
of stuff here what is all that pressure
brochures alright yeah check the link
down below one
mami tarde is complaining that she
didn't get to do a super note and ran
over the curb and we're seat she's seen
how long she can go you guys we're in
first place which is awesome da thumb
but wheezywaiter you little sneaky sneak
of snooker aruku he in his last video
they're sneaking up on us you guys
they're starting to get close to us and
he told his team to be quiet and to
don't and not to tell me that they're
sneaking up on us so we guess we can't
get like today's a clue you guys want to
keep fighting because they're trying to
sneak up on us and they're gonna like do
this like little last-minute thing where
they overtake us we can't let that
happen we have to stay strong
supernote strong and mommy drives gonna
do it later today right yeah all right
so you guys don't forget to do your
super house I know you guys have been
practicing I've been doing your
calisthenics and your breathing
exercises so now now is the time the
whole just super notes back Lucy later
we're watching him our beard will
envelop your teen beard and the beard of
all beers will become King beer oh it's
kind of like a beard thing no no it's
like almost like beer to get spirit it's
become like I don't want to turn into
this but it's there's a little there's a
little beard pride going on you can't do
you can't deny that wheezywaiter might
deny it but there's a little beard fries
going on queasy
come on don't deny it you and your
stupid eagle and all your gay clones I
don't know if they're homosexual or not
but they
I don't know I just came out wrong Mary
bye though my favorite labor is child
labor that's right
clean the floors little girl clean the
floors if you can't sleep you're gonna
do some chores Cinderella say so
princess hurt couldn't sleep so I said
all right you can stay up sure sure sure
no problem
step with mom and dad here's the vacuum
okay you can stay up as long as you back
you
we're watching the Chilean miners by
here on MSNBC such a heart-wrenching
thing Oh Fibonacci Lane I don't know how
to say it because I'm an idiot but I am
pumped for you guys and it's super
emotional that second guy that came out
I I mess it up I missed it up there was
tear there were there were wasn't tears
top stop Derrek Lee slate it's 11:30
we're up watching the miners come out of
the cave
when shard is cleaning the flipper
mommy guards uploading her blog if you
haven't seen that there's a vlog right
now
mommy tarts been slacking go check it
out in the pants
mommy tarts always in my pants she
doesn't appreciate that
I'll see you guys tomorrow peace in the
Middle East bye love you guys
