you would now watch me she just blob now
sit back relax follow love to the
biggest she says things II that's what
school family just because he's put his
life on the line can you he's done for
you let's hope it - I'm ready for a
video so let it be clear he's blocking
I will teach you baby time I will find
you seek you out and destroy my business
baby
alright so I'm home I just woke up time
is eight oh three I know three in the
morning I've basically been sleeping for
an entire day after going I mean I was
in like six states three different time
zones Rock tarde it's freaking Tudor
tard over here so I just got up today I
rise I Tony footage because I left my
flip cam on the airplane that's a good
one Shea is three so now I'm using mommy
tards she's gotta leave something I see
her toothbrush some sort of an electric
item has to be left on every trip I go
on I like to spread my technology
throughout the universe mommy thar bless
her little beautiful precious
ever-loving heart has some footage from
when we were in LA and I was out filming
stuff and then when she got home when I
went to North Carolina so that's what
today's vlog is gonna be it's gonna be
precious mommy tard vlog day okay and
then we get back on track tomorrow I'm
using mommy turns flip cam you guys want
to see mommy karts flip cam what she did
to it see these little jewels she put
these little stick on Ruby I don't know
what that that crap is some girly stuff
or whatever you know chicks chicks are
always like yeah I make things pretty
whatever stupid you know so I'm gonna
upload the vlog now and then we'll get
back on track we're back home and
everything will be back to normal and I
won't be uploading the video at 4 in the
morning like I have been
any sleep so you're smug and say I love
my daddy hey guys we're at the park
shaycarl had some videos to shoot today
so we're just out here hanging out it's
sort of a long walk to get here and the
kids were kind of tired we got all the
way here and they don't have a
playground and look what am I supposed
to do now and I said um tons of things I
remember I didn't go to playgrounds as a
kid you just played in our backyard roll
down the hill giant Hill right here or
just play with your toys there like
that's a good idea mom so we're just out
here playing no playground today but we
are using our imagination how are you
not tired
he's just wiping his boogers on my arm
never mind
what you doing playing doctor oh it came
back Oh bye-bye birdie
what are you playing I'm the big brother
princess card is the mommy this is her
little stocks and this is my little
brother
hey hey tardes
that's your avatar little brother well
good you better be you better be to be
part of this family
why are your shoes off
we're flipping its lid on and off in
security
bad idea
you
Fiat lovin this has been talking ever
since
yep
camera shy how's the game going
winning little
all right
okay we did it no burn you outside
what do you think oh so great to be home
oh sorry our names aren't my name is
watermelon and rocks hard is peach Oh
his name is salad what's your name is
Johnny strawberries strawberries what's
your name okay well Rudy today so guess
we are going to drive home now
it was a wild trip this time the
turbulence was a little bit worse on the
flight home but we were all sitting
together we made it okay few sick
stomachs but nobody threw up so we're
good and there we go driving home it was
an emotional time leaving daddy tarde
but we will see him in three days this
stuff you guys missing already yes I'm
mr. mr. peppers wait are you mr. pepper
yes what's dad's name
carny guitar all right well thicker than
the minute that's not a circus in the
food yummy all right daddy's hard is
tomato tard because he hates okay but
hey guys I'm in such a good mood because
just cooking with me because she's
amazing
what oh look she's cooking too what are
you making
the eye baby made what is it three house
tomatoes and tomato soup even better
fantastic we went to Costco and we got
these either portobello mushroom ravioli
and these their chicken mozzarella
ravioli this is homemade tomato and I'm
so amazed by it because I usually just
open that's my basil oregano pepper
onion powder and we don't have
measurements she just put it in till it
tastes good
and that is the best way to do it right
yes we've got this bread from pasta that
is rosemary olive oil bread from Costco
we didn't make it
that's really good I miss making a stir
Go Go oh she's purple and crazy monster
girls good job
I need to do live times foods you need
to tart spoons yes okay brat maids best
this is roasted garlic olive oil basil
put up Oh basil and oregano and that's a
dip the bread in here is our beautiful
spread boodles and yeah what do you guys
see and fish Oh goldfish
where do you guys think yeah yeah
this looks so good and I'm so excited to
eat it and technically and I didn't cook
it but it was made in my kitchen so it
counts right how is it
it's our signature
