sit back and follow along the DA says
pink shake up with school family and
just because this one is like our life
for you for years
- I'm ready
we just came out of the Gulf tunnel this
is super nice it's like mr. Miyagi's
backyard check this out
those are mr. Miyagi's children so here
we are where we are good Valentine's
Golf Course in Charlotte North Carolina
and it is a be a you all day and look at
this look there's like there's like a
Miss there's like a beautifulness
there's a greenness to it this is just
unparalleled I just felt so much oxygen
all these trees and grass oh that's
great time so my buddy James an
operating under a hundred percent oxygen
right now is my buddy Jamie we've been
friends how long good friends Mini's
miss Brett we know it's your than fourth
grade fourth fourth fourth grade I had
miss Armstrong yeah fourth grade me and
this guy and we're 30 Davey come toast
your socks come here come here socks
tard this is Jamie's brother check out
back up dude give me the give me the
full look give me the full look show me
how you
oh yeah we got Davey shut up I look so
good there's no competition there's no
absolutely no competition how do you
compete that you won just walking up I
got there like you win you dared to wear
that you would hit all right so here we
are people think of me yeah that's the
way to go
you look great I'm a little jealous
actually this whole sponsored by the
Westport big and tall that's my store
that's double XL you know me Jamie just
asked if I was sponsoring this hole
listen buddy we're done our friendships
over
screw fourth-grade miss Armstrong she
hated you I did I never told you this
but she hated you there's a cool thing
about Jamie is he is actually a golf pro
so he what that means is he does mean if
you're a golf pro you like took the test
and you got a certain score or whatever
his player ability test which
technically makes him a pro he doesn't
he used to be like a pro at a golf
course in Austin Texas but he doesn't do
that anymore he does finances and
insurance yeah you want me to have
people call you you want to sell some
insurance I had a lot of people call
Jamie I'll leave this number well I did
and that a net worth half mil to invest
with you all right you guys Jamie on the
30 boom there it is sit that was really
great it sounded great this is number
three tee box shaycarl sponsored by this
is the opposite of pro never
they hit us with our golf cart hey hey
I'm vlogging here dude you better have
insurance
dude you're gonna pay for that I'm gonna
fight you ready yeah sorry here we go
chica
oh did you say you're most fondest
memory is Freddy now we're out on this
beautiful bus jaimito
top tell these guys a story about me
that they don't know but you know they
know about the basketball from the car
no that's a good story but why was I
leaving though I was a leaving no no you
were we were sorry I'm sorry we were
playing basketball
where's my ball now I don't know you
were coming to play basketball you got
there and then you just kept driving
around and we're like what is he doing
he just like showed up and was just
being funny we're gonna cool to say yeah
I live in a clothing and he just kept
driving around the cul-de-sac we're like
dude come on we're playing basketball
oh god I kept driving around in circles
death in my my new car 16 I just got
that yeah I just got his driver's
license and I was driving around in
circles I know the story oh you were I
remember even better starting a better
dress turned around around in circles
and and we're all sitting there like
ready we needed one more guy to play
there's like five of us and he was the
6-2 we're playing throughout three or
like Jamie come on and just was like
laughing get his music blaring he's like
driving in a circle so Shea takes the
basketball as I go by he throws it at my
car and goes right in that smashes in my
back window shattered shatters my back
one of the ball ants in my back seat and
I think I think you just like took I use
left I like things like right as I threw
it I know as a bad
I was like I'm gonna truck this
basketball this car and right as I threw
it is like oh crap I'm a better choice I
brought home and told my dad everything
that you did
that's like afraid of your dad after
that I was like so scared I was gonna
have to pay he's still upset about we
haven't really didn't pay us say Oh
Jamie that's one a rear window yeah more
stories later okay but if you miss you
oh each of us he grabs
yeah baby and Shay we just said would
give Jamie $1,000 each if he makes this
shot no we're yeah we're really doing it
really doing we are really doing it that
ball in that hole right there
you guys were given a scrap cuz me and
Jamie are like reminisce and then
they're like oh he isn't a play golf or
just talk about sixth grade all day long
no pressure no pressure no pressure it's
only $3,000 oh oh that was a good shot
yeah the line went long great time great
shot Jim do trust your trick here watch
this Jimmy Jeff James Oh drop alright
here's the water he'll you gotta hit it
over the pawn daddy
oh you just you chunked the chunk on the
cheese let it go
Zhanna green that's really pretty super
pretty you know chefs trust hots do any
Jamie's head ruski up here on the 10th
hole it's a beautiful day and Cheryl I
know really care a lot a Jamie jetski
everybody stuff up Oh plenty Club you
got you got what it takes I want that
ball on that hole in it
um $10,000 if you make this oh that's a
great shot you guys what I can't see it
how many golf balls are in this pond I'd
be great I remember as a kid me and my
little brother used to uh I see one
right there you see through the water
there's a golf ball right there
Marissa kiddin me and my little brother
used to live by a golf course and we'd
go was the eighth hole and I had a pond
and we'd get our little aqua socks on
and go out there and try to get balls
don't push me in hey Jame I want you to
put this in I'm gonna put the camera
down here that's gonna be incentive
we're actually see firsthand the ball
going in okay take the flag out put it
in the hole here it comes
yeah come sit into a ball comes faster
oh you worse this is a cool camera angle
inside the cup here goes my camera nice
shot money 1218 for you zero could be
yeah you have sound right but maybe like
a soundtrack I'm gonna swing this club
as hard as I possibly can and two things
are gonna happen one I may look like a
complete idiot or two I'm gonna look fat
yeah hit it but it's not straight and
it's not pretty me and Jamie literally
would we get last night three hours we
might have three solid hours of sleep
last night
we're gonna happy all right I agree to
those terms and conditions shattered one
of those windows over there
happy hilarious happy hilarious
do you guys like my golf glove it's
really up to my game you're going Dave
David David face so here's a crazy
situation that's going on right now this
is the 18th hole it's a long par 5 which
some of you means nothing you don't care
but there's this thing in the grass up
here see right here and it has this
little stake in this little pad on it
and whoever drives it the farthest which
means whoever hits it off the tee box
the very farthest down the fairway gets
to write their name on that and then
they want a prize or something at the
end of the day well so it's just
bragging rights but Jamie can really hit
the ball so we didn't realize that so
he's going back up there to try to get
the farthest and here's the eye we are
we moving yeah so we're basically
standing here and he's gonna hit it he
just drove up there and it's gonna land
right here and hopefully it'll go
farther than that little thing and then
he'll be able to write his name on that
he'll be the winner here's Jamie right
there he's gonna hit it down here and
hopefully we don't get hit and we're
gonna see where the ball lands here he
goes here comes okay oh right there Oh
came back on dude
and it's farther check it out right
there that's Jamie from way over there
hit it and he's past the basket marker
right there nice go Jamie Judd
whoa okay so we're here at dinner
Jamie's mom you remind me of my mom all
right say goodbye I don't want to see my
dad - Pete co-spon for everyone we have
a great talent my dad that's him
