all right here we go last hotel we're
out mom's chugging chugging with a
brewski real quick before we leave what
you guys havin uh guys nervous supply
today are you old pros now you're not
nervous you know how to do this you got
this you ready baby tired excited to go
on another airplane yeah that's good fun
huh what about you rock card this is
your fourth flight you are mr. fly come
fly away come fly with me baby turn I
must say you with your little what is
that Lady Bunny my vocabulary of insects
just was diminished like what kind of
bug is look seen her carrying that it's
just so cute to me your little mouse
what's that kind of bug punkin
ha palm cream all righty here we go
see Los Angeles Airport Sun tires really
packing the bags these are little
mushers
push number one this is our hotel right
on the marina right are all the
sailboats are in Marina del Rey get some
fun that's our room right there huh
that's our hotel yeah we just left
baby tart you're not fooling anyone I
know you're sucking your thumb by that
first a little monkey can't hide it from
me I'm your dad I'll find out eventually
great they're already trying to hide
things from my I just looked in the
backseat and I had been heard of stuck
in her thumb and I looked at her I all I
have to do is give her the look it
she'll stop and so I just look back and
she had her purse up to her face like
she's pretending to older versa but
really sucking her thumb busted busted
hard you're busted tired yeah are no
buses are
there we go good job good job he is
going to be headed through security
you're gonna miss your daddies I
couldn't miss your daddy you gonna miss
your daddy
yes you guys gonna miss me I'm gonna
miss you guys I'll see in a few days
though okay baby tard see in a few days
yeah all right you guys be good for Mama
right son tired listen come here can you
be good for Mom listen dude come here
you have to talk with you we're gonna be
the man of the house for a couple days
okay can you handle it you need to keep
after your sisters
help your mom with your brother you just
went into tough mode huh he's you're the
man of the house all right thank you I
love you I'll look at that hot chick
coming over here I think she just went
and bought this stuff what'd you get you
gonna miss me just profess your love to
me real quick this I have it on camera
well I'm done all the nachos that's a
lot of love I've had some good nachos
nacho delicious me at Joe's all right
you guys are getting on their plane and
then I'm gonna go to my gates gonna miss
you guys I'll see in a few days the
students rocking it out you David cards
gonna come with me
we're gonna go to a golf tournament
together bye guys
why you guys bye-bye they've tarred
bye-bye honey
oh no life yeah alright so now I'm
getting on a plane to go to Houston and
then from Houston to Charlotte North
Carolina where I will play golf for a
day with my buddy Jamie and then fly
back Idaho okay let's do it
