to the video
yeah swifty thank god you're here
what that this guy is my teachers what
Oh No
never give out your information why not
because look you sell your information
to the Chinese they can harvest your
body for organs and that's not good well
so we're on set this is actually the
location of our old office for the
station we used to film on the street
all the time and it's not very good
because it's right by the airport and
there was plane to always going over
make some really loud okay back in the
hotel a few guys is just like I filmed a
little shooting but like I had literally
like six meetings and just the crazy
shoot and now we are rushing on to drive
up time so I click I just got back to
the hotel I'm gonna go pick up my wife
and kids I don't wanna drive up to
Hollywood to have dinner with a special
guest
you guys ever watch ICarly on the
collodion well Freddie nathan kress the
actor is the Shaytards fan and we're
gonna go up dinner around the kids are
super pumped finally sorry I've been
busy
oh my tornado nests you guys excited
whoo what are we gonna go do the excited
baby tart
oh you curled your hair rock guard stars
look at you
he's almost as big as you are he's
getting big don't drop him you excited
to go see Freddie from icarly yes you
are okay honey get ready let's get naked
wait that's not a weird okay so we are
battling through the LA traffic we made
a sweet decision to get off the 405 it
was like one of those like should we try
to take the surface streets but we
veered off we got on the 10 the Santa
Monica freeway for a while a lot of
you're like what are you talking about
sans I just snaked our way through or on
law that we want to La Cienega and now
we have made who state assert ourselves
about twenty minutes rather than going
on the 405 anyways here I am talking
about roots again what route today guys
excited that's a lot of motorcycle huh
yeah you pumped baby tard note sucking
your thumb Aria Oh Freddy from icarly
does not put up with thumb sucking I'll
smack that thumb right out of your mouth
you better be careful don't let him
catch you son Todd you pumped what are
you gonna say to him gonna be like I
love your show man I think they're kind
of nervous it's actually talking to
Nathan we were texting and I told him I
wasn't going to tell the kids cuz I
thought they would be less nervous if I
didn't tell them oh these guys are all
waiting to go into the Jimmy Fallon show
no Jimmy Kimmel oh those Jimmy's this is
a CBS right here you see cbs2 CBS
Studios did you go to that show where
did you go to there honey you will with
Lindsay and Justine to a show there Oh
can't do it Oh Dancing with the Stars
that was fun huh
you had to like dance on the stage yeah
sure they're like all hot chicks come up
here they said you're hot
they said that who said that did dawn
did Jon Burge in on what's the guy's
name he does America's Funniest Home
Videos anyways uh so I think the kids
are a little nervous I wasn't going to
tell him but I couldn't keep it a secret
that we were going to be ready cuz they
watch it every day they literally watch
ICarly almost every single day it's
spongebob or iCarly
whichever one we click on first when we
want the kids to be quiet just watch TV
yeah they've seen I feel like they've
seen every episode cuz I I feel like
I've seen a lot of episodes I know just
watching it with when the kids are
watching it so it should be pretty cool
she's so excited I'm a little excited
myself I'm starstruck here we are the
higher occupancy No
down on Hollywood anyways we're right
here in the middle of everything there's
Kodak Theatre right here the El Capitan
is right there Jimmy Kimmel Fallon I
keep forgetting all these know I was
Jimmy Kimmel I was seeing a Craig
Kilborn sound like an idiot now all my
late-night talk shows are just running
together stood on a skateboard rocked
I'm excited excited Oh guys I'm tired
when are you gonna have a star here on
the Hollywood Walk of Fame you can have
a you have a star one of these days
set Sun tarde what's up what's up shake
going on man punch man so I throw
anything oh I'm like falling that's so
it's really good to see that the kids
aren't even shy at all she's not shy at
all right she won't even look at her to
not know if I can sit next to see other
dogs print is hard
dude do you watch this day every day
baby tarts like I'm glad I'm by the wall
what do you think son tired it's pretty
cool let him eat with us he's like
fitness centers like I don't know why I
should tell him I'll just tell him that
I love his show
start the bread one really the fred one
very such a youtube kid there you go to
youtube lately where's your native
indoctrinated he's contractual ii
obligated to say that in today has to be
the fred episode we're just asking son
heard what his favorite icon the episode
was any sense of bread one mommy tired
what's your favorite one I like the one
where you and Janet kiss
that's so funny every time that one
comes on the kids are like you can tell
it's like it's like kind of awkward and
they're like and the other day like I
think centered switch the channel and
for discharge like put it back put it
back they're about to kiss it's your
favorite car I thought you guys are
still in the cootie phase there's like
you kitchen who's bad things that gross
centaur kissing oh there's girls have
been kissing him at his school he can
realize like just girl kiss me look at
these girls no way no we're walking
right here walking here what are you
laughing at these girls were walking by
like scope in the sky out there like
they walk by at least 12 times now you
got some fans out there dude flies she
kissed you on the cheek I know that way
you'll never be
hurry yes you've got a limited time
schedule Francis is like I think she's
in love with you
that brain doesn't help the shyness at
all
he accusing her of being in love with a
prince is hard it's gonna be pissed at
me later dad why'd you say that for like
ten years
yeah she's gonna regret this day guys
okay so it's late night we're at Ralph's
we just got done saying goodbye to
everybody
we're leaving bright and early tomorrow
morning now this is where it gets crazy
or gets crazy so going to the airport
tomorrow morning mommy tart and the kids
are flying home and I'm flying to North
Carolina so let's get to the airport
where I can get them to their gate get
them in their gate into their plane they
can leave safely and then some reason
meet them on the other side and then I
have to leave their gate and go to my
gate I'm going to North Carolina for
three days be in a golf tournament it's
like his sister passed away a few years
back and they have like this dennah fit
at this benefit to raise money for a
scholarship fund so it's a really cool
thing it's for my like best friend from
eighth grade who actually like started
this whole YouTube thing so I'll tell
you that story later so I'm headed to
North Carolina for three days I'm
shopping I'm grabbing what am i doing
I'm walking and talking we're grabbing
some muffins and juice and stuff for the
morning so when we go to the airport we
have to order breakfast so we can feed
the kids so mommy tired the kids are all
in the rental car and I have to get
muffins and juice I got to stop talking
you guys cuz we're in a hurry
it's a whirlwind people it's a whirlwind
where's the jokes like is what Jews
what's going on over here is this a
push-up contest
mommy tired we had a push-up contest
going on between baby tard and rock card
well you're the reigning champion but
he's afraid to go against you nobody
wants to go up against mommy Todd we're
doing the push-ups rock turns he only
got 275
he's wasn't out he's getting tired um so
I just talking with the kids pretty hard
and SunGard
I was like yes wasn't that a fun day we
had today we met Freddy from i-car
leave the show that you guys watch
probably too much honestly like I know
they've seen almost ever it feels like
it's every episode but I said to the
kids what oh yeah I said to the kids
wanna be so cool now when we go home and
you guys are watching icarly and you'd
be like oh no is that good that's no big
deal
I had cheeseburgers with that guy what
I'm exciting could tell all the kids at
school yeah yeah you know me and Freddie
from icarly we're brows he taught me a
dance move today what gasps no did he
teach you brush your shoulders all but
he he learned a few different moves
today job police taught him a move from
the station at the office he's like he's
like building his repertoire you guys
just wait you see those kids on Ellen
doing the hip-hop dance
he just Billy's little slow he's build
up his repertoire repertoire repertoire
it's a repertoire of hip-hop moves and
he's gonna be off there good and there's
the Mickey Mouse who won yesterday
attacking the rocky turd all right we're
headed off home tomorrow he's excited
huh you have a fun trip that's fun
coming to California huh yeah we did we
did drive-by didn't we do drive-by yeah
that was old school it was weird huh
you're like I used to go to kindergarten
in that school oh you want to see it we
did drive by it but we could drive by it
again maybe in the morning all right
say good night say good night world
thanks for chillin with us today yo hey
princess start say your world
thanks for chillin with us today yo yo
world
fingers yes today I want to you tell
Freddie that you love him somebody's got
a crush somebody's got a crush Princess
hard it was the shyest I have ever seen
her in my life today she literally like
would not look at him like was hiding
with both of her hands like this like
like
if she can crawl in this was quite the
start today
oh gosh oh oh oh shucks Oh golly jeepers
Oh jeepers go look at me I just print
this tomorrow
golly jeepers I'm in a hole
that's how shy you were today you had
fun though ain't ya fun huh alright can
I everybody yeah see you tomorrow
you coffin the death or what's going on
over there
say bye alright see ya
you're Freddie call me dog
