this is what I love about this hotel
room look at this stack of pillows and
we didn't even ask for extra how many
pillows is a standard bedroom at this
hotel cometh let's find out one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
get on all three of them out the first
three pillows I'm a sharpshooter ten
pillows well you couldn't get me on the
animal s yeah okay jump over here in bed
to bed yeah okay jump on the bed for me
for father of the year
hey jump jump
pillow who's next for the yellow sand
princess our mommy tar no bony texture
oh yes I like a vajayjay turkey
sandwiches one more turn come on slam
fun pillows boom ready chop chop
jump on alright the crews moving out
horn one more time it's like a it's like
what's a calm the Pioneers they would
like a big I don't know the big subtle I
can't remember the word let's go
migration I think that's the word I was
looking for so I got giant migration of
Caravan ttle proportions the said
migration
I need to be like a tradition until the
day comes where we run over our camp oh
yeah we ran over it but we didn't smash
it we just cleared it gray for no snazzy
cameras baby tard
what are you doing up there she goes
what guy you be careful don't come
rolling down those stairs that would it
would be good for views but not for your
body All Right see you later
don't die what this prince is started
doing is this like this supervise
walking down of the stairs oh that's so
no I see Exodus that sort of thing I was
looking for earlier in the hotel room
its Exodus you know it's like the Exodus
out west it's like every time we leave
but I know just like it hit me finally
it's like whenever we leave Otel room
it's like eight hundred bags four
hundred people seven elephants and a
donkey it's a giant Exodus to the next
location that we're going well guys
let's go oh now they're going back up
let's just leave him mommy tarde let the
stairs babysit the kids bye
we're leaving oh no rock cards dancing
like a crazy man again
what are we ever gonna do with him son
tar I don't know he loves it he loves it
right this uh casino no you know I just
said we're in a casino it looks like a
casino but it's uh a video game arcade
it's an arcade arcade slash restaurant
there's the girls over there I think
they're playing pacman
and here's rock bar dancing like a fool
Oh
oh you're so beautiful what did you do
where do those girls go that's a lie
don't Drive Angry
Debbie dart is taking this Ferrari into
the wall son tard and for the start or
co-captain een the yellow Ferrari looks
good against all you crashed baby tard
is gone
oh we got 13 seconds Oh get over get
over get over guys what are you shooting
for shooting giant spiders mommy giant
spiders yeah you stupid arachnids you
don't mess with Daddy ha ha
kill the gravity
bunch of baby guard but chose mosquitos
bunch of rock-hard runs to play what's
going on what's going on in here
harley-davidson motorcycles
mr. Grindley
princess already went in for playing
Deal or No Deal and somebody else is
playing nap or no nap it looks like it's
a nap
hey you sleepin that's the great thing
about being a three-year-old you just
lay down on the carpet anywhere and just
get some winks in gets a little sick
sleep get it get it get it get it oh oh
no way that is never happened
this one you guys is for your mother
because I love her so much
you know it's for your mom it's for your
mom because she's the most beautiful
woman in the entire world and I just
feel like we won the lottery I feel like
this is better than the lottery I feel
like our chances of winning one of these
freaking games is better than lottery it
is yeah
I can't believe we got on camera two
this is officially the greatest moment
of my life
we caught one of these crane machines
getting a Mickey Mouse on camera the
vlogs are over we are stopping the vlogs
there's no way we can top this moment we
got a freakin Mickey Mouse doll out of
the Sega UFO capture of death all right
we actually want another one I forgot to
tell you guys that I kind of downplay as
that moment yeah we did good today we
got two of them much is it tell me it's
over 50 bucks $46 parking ticket you
know whose fault that is that's Mickey
Mouse's fault Mickey Mouse you owe us
$46 dang it we just got a $46 parking
ticket
Long Beach dear parking attendant in the
Long Beach
Cinemark shopping complex meet between
the light we're late like by 15 minutes
you know here it added we did we added
time just not enough guys please donate
to our ticket fun a chip-in link is down
below I'm just kidding creasing every
moment dang it let's just sit here in
yell parking attendant whoa we refuse to
buy this ticket dang it at sucks oh well
what's happening this guy walks whoa
wait wait
Sun tarde show me one more time what was
he like that was the Sun tardes
rendition of some dude walking by as I
was yelling this is your guys's fault
you know that right this is definitely
your fault it's not my fault this is
your fault okay so notice I am driving
in the car and there is no family no hot
wife next to me
no cute kids in the backseat I am headed
back to Long Beach it's about 30 minutes
about a 25 mile drive which equates
about 50 minutes okay so we're just at
this that place of the video games was
such a great time we want a Mickey Mouse
such a great time but when we went in to
eat lunch
mommy tart said why don't you bring your
computer in and upload the vlog so then
we want to sit around the hotel all
night waiting feet upload the vlog so
when we ate lunch I uploaded the vlog
yesterday's vlog
and that's interesting now that I think
about it I don't find my computer then
this vlog won't even go up long story
short I my backpack is somehow not with
us we've lost it somewhere in the
commotion and now I am headed back to
Long Beach the family's back in the
hotel room and I'm going back to Long
Beach from Venice Beach Venice Beach to
Long Beach lots of beaches going on you
son of a beaches it's about a 45-minute
Drive I'm headed back to the restaurant
to hopefully find it I think it's gone
though I'm so sad I think I think they
stole it I'm sure I'm sure
because mommy tard I just turned right
around they got in the hotel I started
heading back mommy Tarte called them and
they said that nothing's been turned in
and that they're looking for it which
means somebody obvious was like hey look
I found a bad bag good for me bad for
whoever left it if you never find
something that's not yours and you take
it I hate you I just want you to know
that you if you ever find something on
the ground like a camera a cell phone a
wallet whatever it is if you pick it up
and you know it's not yours I hate you
and I hope you rot in hell that's a
pretty Stern statement don't take stuff
that's not yours even if you find it
it's not your lucky day that means
somebody lost something so if you pick
something up that's not yours you turn
it in wherever you're at whatever
location you're at turn it in don't be a
douche bag and steal other people's
property
I'm like yelling to you guys you guys
are taken maybe somebody did I don't
know from the thing one of you guys and
watch my videos were like hey your shake
arles that book that book - MacBook Pro
anyways I'm just frustrated I'm just
venting I'm sorry if I'm taken out of
you guys I love you
I just hope is it a camera oh so much
stuff is in that backpack you know you
filmy dogs you know how bad this sucks
to lose a backpack with my aircar my
waterproof camera you know my charger my
Bose headphones my alright hopefully we
find it I'm kissing my cross fingers is
that good luck hopefully that's good
luck alright so we're here hopefully
we'll find it I want to find it so bad
here we are at the KDB kitchen denim bar
and should be in here hopefully
somewhere that guy right there he found
it
oh they have it something at it I
seriously don't want to cry right now
that dump don't make fun of me it's a
big deal anyways they have it they found
it nobody sold it sorry for yelling you
guys but it's here
what a relief wagon we're long beach
baby and I have my backpack and it's a
happy happy times with blue lights on
the bridge the blue light bridge like
the sea
there will be I'm so glad that my
backpack such a blessing I'm so glad
that I have it yes love you I'm so
excited headed back to Marina del Rey
right now see my family whoo daddy found
his computer excited the wink wink wink
you guys pumped yeah oh it's such a
fiasco I don't ever pick up anything
that's not yours because I thought it
was stolen I'm surprised I really am I'm
shocked that it wasn't taken even the
manager when he gave me my backpack he
was I'm surprised it was still here cuz
he said that a lot of times people leave
stuff and then it's just gone so somehow
we luckily lucked luck lucked out so
we're just chillin in our hotel kids are
going to bed cause like they're having a
hard time going to sleep especially this
one right here he just wants to roll
around the bed a bald spot on the back
of his head hey why don't you wanna go
to sleep anyway so we sent Shay out on a
little ice cream run and then we're
gonna watch TV and chill out so that's
what we're doing you're going to bed
should I steal hey Yoshi hum Marianne
we're looking at you what's its
Pinkberry thang
mmm it's really good as mangoes and
Kiwis and gummy bears excited how's my
verse that doesn't fit this is where I
get to swear it's like that trouble you
can't lay down you just have to lean up
big mommy tired every time we go to a
hotel she orders one of these just in
case I do something to piss her off
she's like gets it you sleep on the boat
wait that alright come in here hopefully
I got Americo you better have ahh
vanilla ice cream with fudge covered
waffle codebases and caramel swirl it's
super delicious hi look I'm there yeah
hi to the girls that I just met at
Pinkberry you guys were awesome these
three girls were like shake ry anyways
uh gonna see you guys thanks for saying
hi and molesting me that was great now
I'm just easy mama card what they didn't
molest me they were just friendly
extremely happy now hey you're supposed
to be asleep
I wanna kick you in the book idea yo yo
yo yo
you
