doing it one
changes anything
that's because what
all right we're ready to go to prank
house you guys ready
rocked are you ready I'm gonna get short
with the people dirty baby tired you
ready huh
we're gonna go to prank house dogs dogs
go check check check it one time yo
check out prank house calm there should
be all kinds of youtubers there you can
shoot with paintballs and crazy stuff
you'll see we'll film it do you think he
just goes this looks so scary so these
are the paintball guns right here let's
do he's up there right now so yeah go
out there look scared
nice nice it's on a pattern don't let
them ramya no pun intended
in the front we just head butter brawl
yeah they're not cranky anymore they're
actually punching each other
it starts off on your marks er a really
bad idea it's about to happen that's why
I'm filming it Carl's don't kill him
alright don't feel it here only
yeah you should definitely kill the
question let's just start your next day
because there's 30 people out here to
witness this guy's death
oh my god I'm ready here we go people
Charlie guard watch the Mercedes
Sundberg
that is crazier honey come on we're
gonna go into Kate's room
this is a British bedroom you can tell
because the bra strap is a lover
excellent all right me and baby Turner
back it up back okay mommy I'm trying
wait don't crash now you did I get
chicken went down there girls are
slippery Mythbusters we're waiting for
somebody to come out that door and
Corey's gonna I'm like I'm so nervous
Otis enough got you so I don't know
who's in here right now well there's
somebody who's in the paintball room
get shot up
oh I love the smell of stuff I know this
gets my beer Olympic Santa Claus David
are you sure your food with a goat again
don't let him be your gym baby doctor
that is so funny he's gonna eat your
purse just hanging out with the goat
she's like get this thing away from me
are you guys yeah he's a nice goat I'm
gonna pour this water on mommy tart yeah
baby turns is freaking out my full name
that's how not gonna hurt him in any way
you are doing the bestest you just
 all types of dance go ahead Oh
dance on dark come on he's beaten yeah
that's out oh yeah
that dude is hypnotized right now
actually just so you know he's
hypnotized me he has been hypnotized for
like 45 minutes
come on son tard
break it down pull out the secret moves
so here at the prank house they can see
everything we're doing and then we can
read it right here on the Twittersphere
or just buy it there's this giant TV
okay me and Charles we're about to go in
the paintball room Oh take me all
nervous 160 years hey bud
oh yeah I got my awesome good I'm like
my Adrenaline's pumping maybe five the
internet gets to shoot us on the road I
love it
gotta love them gotta love her there we
go look out how's it going good
you're gonna be on my vlog tomorrow you
should be excited yeah what's your name
oh crap done tres tres oh you better
rate this video thumbs
I just beat you just watch it tomorrow
yeah just watch it tomorrow anyway so
random people are calling in on the mole
they're not random they are just real
people with real names they're calling
in and we're talking to them and this
guy's want to show us a magic trick I
was actually at a restaurant perform
some magic for this lady she is a little
too much to drink you know I mean she's
one of those skeptical people oh I know
you're doing trying to be a heckler so
this is what happened this my little
story what happened she had bad so in
pink card said he wants to take your
card
mommy card does
I take it out they're gonna take it off
you show it to us
you did not just show it to us showcase
your kids that's that wait okay you see
a show wait wait rocked her what's this
ooh yeah okay he sees it he sees that
this first one all right okay all right
so you have your card I'll put it back
in the deck here's what happened next
okay like I said what's the key to good
cartridge nudity Oh
nudity Oh shuffle the deck I give the
deck a shuffle um I wanna tie just
getting in the way Barry and then this
is what happened right the girl saw me
shuffle the deck of cards said I'm not
doing it for another job so look I just
shuffled I just gave it a cut that's all
you need in poker it was unfair enough
would you let me do it you're doing
something tricky with the cards all
right I'll let you do it so I hand the
cards here she's about to shuffle up the
deck she looks at me and goes no you
could follow my card with your eyes
while I shuffle turn around all right
this girl was about it yeah yeah turn
around
no I wasn't she's just just heckling me
and I'm gonna do just like I put a card
in the deck or whatever and then I made
it jump to the top of the deck the trick
before and she's like oh there's an
elevator inside your deck of cards what
oh yeah
too many capris oh oh yeah okay yeah
that makes sense I'm like oh yeah just
so anyways she takes the cards for me
I'm turning around and here's what she
does you just you're gonna bow to freak
out what she does she takes out of the
cards like this turns him over so now I
have half the cards going this way see
that they're all mixed up
and half of them face down right and she
takes the deck of cards I hate doing
this I'm about to hurt you in heaven
shuffles in the face up into facedown
and now you can imagine this kind of
messed up my trick right so I get the
better when I cut the cards and here's
what I'm seeing I'm seeing that we'll
head back
some are going this way some are going
that way so we're going this way and I
think about what has happened there's
all types of so I looked through the
deck and I see that she's she's miss
made my card she's shuffle them the
opposite ends up I don't know if she's
just too much to drink or what's going
on but I had to fix this right so I take
the deck cards really getting close on
this one this is kind of crazy if you
watch the the deck watch I just snapped
like that and that's that's what I hope
fix everything but when you fix
everything you have to make everything
brand-new and that did fix our except
for one car do you see that but here's
the craziest part the craziest part of
the whole trick is I had to fix
everything right so every car it is
fixed itself but I mean really it's
fixed itself even through all that
shuffling every single card is a new
deck honored ace through King and each
suit even your car the ten of spades
mine free get out of here you're the
devil we must burn the cross sounds
crazy
that's my shirt I was like all right
cool you found her card then you did the
other thing and now I'm really impressed
sure good day because that's your
dropping thing about Center at your
drive at home
you clean up Malachi's poop you clean up
Sam the goats poop are you excited hi
Sundberg top did a lot of his fans today
ninja people are calling in at the prank
house we were talking to on the phone
I pride hug some of you guys hi I got
two I have orange all over my face
because caters put paint on my face
anyways we got in the car and we're
leaving prank house push L for Lobby
we're headed back over here and son car
goes there's like a lot of people who
like me cuz out he said there's like a
lot of people who think uncool and he
danced on command for a lot of people
today it was good you guys have fun at
prank outs
that's fun huh I told Y my Yankee I said
I could dance for you you know so we're
at the hotel and we're gonna go swim
here we go we're gonna go under the
water and you wave at the camera okay
ready one two thank you do do you like
Casey the camera you have to wave at the
camera okay ready 1 1 2 3 did you wave
situating is you've got the 3 okay ready
let's go down d pretty one
look at the camera that's my baby
that's my baby
that is my baby that is my baby oh you
are so cute old kidding Oh precious
cutest baby in the world congratulations
you win the award it's a fish all gonna
get a baby in the world
