you are now watching your shoes are
watchin sit back relax follow along to
the bench in us to the big chase headley
to Emily
just because putting itself on my field
stop every year let's go for to labor
video so let it be clear hey he's
blocking me
right here comes our little jet setter
now excited you got yours and baby
charge flows in there right we need to
pack light it's not gonna be easy going
to the airport with four kids can you
carry that to the airport your ladybug
suitcase your hair looks pretty
it's really nice you're gonna get the
window seat today or the aisle seat huh
the window seat so you can see the
mountains alright get in let's go there
we go on the Utah State Line get excited
who's ready to fly in an airplane
Rick start you ready baby tarde let's
see those hands up in the air yeah let
me hear you say hey
I call I need to sit next to maybe turn
on the plane she has a party at him um
sit next to Davy turd we're gonna look
out the window he's sweet
yeah guys nervous you're scared if we
get our seats together yeah that's the
problem you guys is we bought our seeds
from a travel agent and they're not
together because we bought them last
minute and so we're basically trying to
get to the airport early to talk to the
people at the gate and say hey we have
four kids you can they sit next to each
other because right now all the seats
are separate so can you imagine baby
turns sitting in shipment between like
two business guys she's like in the
middle seat just like because I'm funny
pull whatever strings they have to to
get families yeah yeah well hey what's
up dude you're not scared you're done
why would you be scared your son Todd I
never bring weapons I just told the kids
that's okay you guys we have to go
through security which means put our
backpacks and our shoes on this conveyer
belt then we have to walk through this
little thing and they're gonna see if we
have guns or knives on us that's under
goes I never bring any weapons such as
such an upstanding citizen too seriously
mom give me five way to never bring
weapons you know that's a no-no at the
airport rocked art on the other hand huh
where's your knife you got an Uzi ak-47
you got some c4 in here huh get some c4
strapped to his chair I bet you know
blow up the plane huh oh yeah daddy i'ma
blow up to play with my cuteness my BB p
bomb I got a PDP bomb eyes I do
stop smiling you're too cute I'm excited
I made it on the bus
excited to go on their friend side job
push it pull it
hope your sister I can help I'm filming
a Jew son tard he's like a beast look
like he's good dude
Russian okay here comes the challenging
part was pretty challenging already just
checking the suitcase but now we gotta
go through security that is gonna be a
lot of fun baby tardy excited hey
excited you're lucky you get driving the
baby carriage you can't bring one of
those to security ma'am I'm sorry
hey take your shoes off put your shoes
in there you having fun
many trains do we have one two three
four five six seven eight chicken baby
tart no you don't have a knife on you do
here
no nice okay we gotta fold up the bat
too
okay bricassart go through go through
walk through baby guard go through so
you go through mother yeah
shoes mommy tired cheese I want a ride
good way to keep you kids right yeah
exactly
my guitar in satara okay this exciting I
made nice money I was stressing a little
when I'm like she likes to walk with her
hand on her hip you got your new purse
hun your burger king meal and what are
those called
what's this called the baby card so she
wouldn't mommy card went and got her one
of those little persons cuz she got a
boy toy and then she came back with the
purse and then princess card was like he
loved instructions on so baby toy goes
did you get my constructions it was so
cute here we go guys you ever better one
of these it's a walk of Vader you don't
have to move you just stand there it's a
fun follow like slender watch out I'm
gonna push rock star down the walk
evader
ready rock card Hey there he goes hey
hey hey hey dude watch leave your bag
here leave the bag there and run as fast
as you can it'll feel like you're
running really fast go it's like I'm
running incredible rate of speed job guy
all right we ready this excited let's go
I did
I totally jammed the stroller into the
side of the walk I'm telling the kids
you guys know you need to behave and
they'll screaming and I just slammed the
straw into the side of the checkmate you
guys did a good job job okay listen when
we get on the plane you have to touch
the outside of the plane okay I'll show
you yeah we have to touch you outside of
it it makes for a safer flight to catch
the outside of the plane a touch with
your hand
nice baby Dargo to chance out of the
collision Prince are you guys touching
nice weren't be so safe now
cuz safe we're gonna be talking there's
a dog
hi mommy dark bye okay guys ready
it's all comfortable put them open your
window dude look out the window
whoa is that cool we're about to take
off I'm excited how these kids react to
it
I wonder if they'll be scared ready
ready
regarding the subway with all the way up
there all tell me I can't you're in the
very back this way the great area not
too bad you're not tied down
sitar excited
please phone
oh hi we are
I think they like it she got your drinks
peanuts abundant are
about to land here we go
ready
Oh
love me love me
they did pretty good they've behaved
very well like I'm a pretty good day
come on you guys are the last people off
the airplane let's go baby darn what are
you doing
hey you're the last one off let's go
guys are you all right had a good flight
kids were very well behaved and with
last one off the airplane come on guys
let's go
I was your flight little guy did you
have fun smiling everyone around he was
we're in LA now kids stop act cooler oh
yeah rock guard you acting cooler back
there
Bernard rental Chevy Tahoe it's black
with black tinted windows we could be
driving Obama around in the back of this
thing for all anybody out here knows
Obama can be back there Obama tard can
be in the back of this black Tahoe but
no we got mamita all right mama here so
we're here we're in LA and we're headed
down to San Juan Capistrano it's about
an hour and 10 minute drive and head
down there
take the 90 I think I don't know what
I'm talking about what route I'm gonna
take it's such a manly thing well what
do you think the best route is well what
I'd do if I was you I'd pick that all
the six to each down to the Nos we're
going down there when you get our hotel
room and then work I'm doing prank house
tomorrow so that's gonna be right now I
think when those videos upload so go
check out link in my pants it's really
cool thing you should paint balls out us
kids might even be there I'd be
interested so check out the link down
down there now we're coming up on a toll
that's so weird there's definitely no
tolls in Idaho I don't even know how
much it's gonna be like we're from Idaho
do you take the titles we can drive
across the road here tonight Street you
got quick trains your potato drop box
air state here Jeff - I don't know this
mr. cash Oh
Dawg you do $50 hi this is our first
time through a tollbooth we're so
nervous you need to check the back for
drugs and kids see you thank you she
don't want drugs or kids wad 450
that's expensive to come down here where
are we going Oh San Juan Capistrano it
sounds so fancy Oh to pay for fit well
it's better than $20 well yeah I don't
think there's any tolls or that much
gonna yellow stars what do you think
there it is the swimming pool is right
below our room look here's my foot see
my foot I think we can make that Sun
card what do you think yeah should we do
it should we jump we are four floors up
you think you can jump down there honey
we're gonna do it your job you will die
no I monitored ask yourself this you
only live once it is filled up it just
looks that way because it's so clear
there's no waves that's true it looks
like it's empty there's water in it but
there's just no rep ripples R apples
ripples in the water it does I know
yeah there's water in there alright
should we go yeah okay so we made it to
the hotel room here we are in San Juan
Capistrano there's a little rock jar up
the floor
and we're about to go down to the
swimmin pool baby tarts doing the
official jump bed to bed jump that's
always a necessity whenever you get in a
hotel room two beds you have to the bed
to bed jump here's the bathroom hey
shake are all nice to meet you guys
remember that one time we talked oh that
was great okay let's see some bed to bed
action sometimes already got a swimming
suit uh-huh
and Rock tarde is just watching his
favorite show on ABC it looks like like
rolling her mouth on the floor getting
some buttered on huh all right get your
swimming suit on and we're here we made
it what day what a travel it's like an
hour drive way to get a rental car and
then drive an hour down here so you have
to go swimming we just have some dinner
at the restaurant and now there's like
45 minutes till the swimming pool closes
so we're gonna go down there cuz I told
the kids we'd go swimming today see you
tomorrow
Rock card and I are just chillaxing
the room how you doin dude he is getting
tired at bedtime
but I wanted to show you our view from
the room Oh Lulu hey tardes hey daddy
tarde
hi-oh just chillin lock the giggling
going on down there honey from this
angle
