hey you guys are in the vlog guys are in
the vlog I'm crazy okay one second okay
Jesse no dr. hood inside awesome hey you
guys are in the vlog guys are in the
vlog okay we're doing our third set
we've just done two rounds of three who
are sweating hi I'm Monica we're ready
yeah
come work out with us on the shameless
channel come on Cal that's right I got
my ball here we go all right let's see
it may mean it's awesome right out the
screen a dick show me other sighs Wow
color explosions what haha did you have
fun at school I had to look it says my
name beep oh see that's your nose rock
and gray and do you like to green around
the red you sure do
I love how he's excited about everything
well
moving out for dinner guys eggs yes
we're going to utilize these eggs we're
going to make some deviled eggs there
are some of my favorite I really like
deviled eggs or egg salad sandwich is
really good
we're going to mix stuff with the eggs I
feel bad cracking them but we're going
to alright crap the kids have been
looking for their eggs which one whose
is this one he goes - no that's too
creative I mean not saying you're not
creative Jackson
so they never the flowers just fell
around you know those are like
happiness's and red flowers and this is
a dirt but I kind of made it red I like
it you're just I dyed it in blue it's
beautiful so good I mean let's see yours
oh yeah that's good it's also like that
one that one's my favorite my mom she
nice
oh I want to keep that one I don't want
a crazy head you cannot keep it for very
long he will start to smell like not too
crazy egg head it will be a grossie egg
head
you lost yeah I some more eggs
not right now no we're not going to do
that we're going to peel these ones and
make some deviled eggs though yes yes
yeah I got a feeling
but they're gonna go rotten anyways it's
supposed to be spring is it spring you
tell me that look like spring hmm nope
you know what I'm fine with the snow as
long as the ski hill stays open all
right this is the beginnings of a new
dish that I've never made before
starting this new thing where the kids
get to pick a recipe for a little look
on the internet or in the cookbook and
find a recipe and then we make it so
this is a recipe that's Emmy picked and
it is rice with red peppers onions and
peas I was actually surprised that she
picked it but it looks already like a
spunky to me hi guys look at that look
at the bread see go go go hi hi so this
water hi guys
watch this
so kiss you want to go guys okay yes
Oh
now put your on the treadmill guys you
have to see this
how about this chair okay so did you
okay guys just a minute
it's not much oh you know what you got
super slow okay guys
what here we go all right
it's March 29th here comes the kitty hey
James
hey James Wow see how fast James ran in
here cuz he knows that his daddy will
let him come and get warm
come here you guys like my workout with
you now is making what's a great workout
video did you finish it yeah I've been
doing
I ain't turned on the treadmill all by
myself oh you be careful okay okay don't
get hurt or nothing
James you've been running around in the
snow his heart's beating fast you see
how fast he ran any error you can't book
in it he's a good kid
hmm love you all right we are just a few
days away from April 1st Oh yours
knocked his head off
oh you're making a big snowman Oh in the
back you cold a V huh so how big of a
snowball are of a snowman you guys gonna
make why why guys are cold that's the
name of your snowman
all right cool what brock boy louie
keegan hit him now dr. hood inside no
there isn't
oh I was a close one Rock nice throw
dude threw James James getting warm just
make yourself a home bro whoo he'd like
that
turn the fire on for him he per wants to
lay by the fire James II oh it's nice to
come in out of the cold huh he's such a
good kitty yeah put him by the fire
you're a good boy Brock thank you for
helping when something's here she was
doing so well doing what win when did
she throw a snowball in the house hide a
missus watching was that she is gonna
I'm gonna call her right now she get it
trouble told her to come over and do it
again
how's the snowman coming how's the
spring snowman coming I want to see it
what's when does it become spring at me
what did you get her yeah get that snow
out here no babe they're digging snow in
the house now Blondie's in the house oh
nothing like cuddling up by the fire
with your kitty huh whoa listen to him
purr can you hear him he's taking some
water maybe he's thirsty oh he likes
cuddling by the fire I'm not a bunch of
water in here and then give it okay
James II do you like cuddling by the
fire huh oh yes when she's itches
doorjamb oh yes you want this gin edged
he likes having his chin scratched
well there's blondie what is this the
cast of homeward bound huh are you guys
gonna start like a family movie where
you guys have to trek across the country
to get back home we'll do voiceover we
could actually do that look at these
three they're just missing Bronx all
right Brock got James because he wants
to give them some of this water let's
see if they'll drink it
how's he drinking in who had a little
drink look he wants to tell you thank
you want to give you a hugs
I gave James you thirsty guess he's not
thirsty you're a good helper
he bounced hey James look at the water
James I think he had some outside when
it was snowing blondie no blonde he just
knocked the arm of your snowman she was
sniffing it she
not the arm off Oh blonde do you knock
the one with the hand off dang it gonna
go fix it maybe is gonna fix it
stick the arm back in stick the arm in
there you wearin moosh walks the air AV
is weird old gu k moosh walks oh look at
his hand it's got his hand on his hip
are those cashew faces is that a Charles
Trippy beanie you better not leave that
out there very long I like that beanie
what your beard is and your kids are
awesome and your wife is
