you are now watching the
all right hey what's up guys so it's one
take Sunday and obviously look where I
am at again from the airport kind of
take another trip to California going to
Los Angeles have to I'm gonna prank
house that should be exciting and I'm
have to film some stuff for the station
and take 180 but just so just sucks you
know I'm sick of calling these trips
without my family I just I miss him I
just wish they were here wish I was like
holes that girl in The Wizard of Oz she
liked click turquoise her name Judy
Garland there's no place like home
there's maybe like blinker really hard
three times my family will be here let's
try ready don't work we check the rock
darling we're going on an airplane to
California guys excited
you see those planes out there see
airplanes out there
oh we're pumped up first fight for ye
has flown like twice or three times
hasn't he and you guys haven't flown
ever rocked art is much more world
traveled than you guys are he's like oh
dad this is so easy we're going another
flight piece of cake you guys nervous
you nervous who gets the window seat you
want the window seat the window seat
maybe we'll switch off we'll just like
trade off and on when they turn the
seatbelt sign off the excited baby tart
excited
it worked blinken my three I might my
three eyes like you my eyes three times
okay so yeah basically I really do have
to go to LA to film those things but I
said to myself I am sick and tired of
leaving my family at home I am bringing
them all with me this time
that'll be fun derp right guys yeah pump
we're gonna stay at a hotel by the ocean
who's excited about that
hey mo my turn I was looking at the I
was looking at the hotel last night and
it looks like if you get the right room
you could jump off the balcony of the
room into the swimming pool we'll listen
I'll have to inspect it but I Circe I
was looking at the hotel Epps I'm like
you could jump right off that balcony
into the swimming pool so hopefully we
get that hotel I know I do I'm like look
at that be so easy to jump in that
swimming pool okay so we're at the
airport this is one take Sunday we're
about to get on we're boarding in about
45 minutes
what yeah no there's a swimming pool at
the hotel and you know it's right on by
the ocean we're staying in San Juan
Capistrano that right it's like down
south by San Diego what yeah we're
totally you know on the swimming pool
where someone sits weirdo in the ocean
yes by the way thank you guys everybody
who submitted a super no video we're in
first place I cannot believe it we
passed Shane Dawson like last night I
woke up this morning I saw a tweet
people tweeting me saying be faster go
so we're number one in the supernote
contest right now awesome so if you guys
have submitted a super no video thank
you I love you guys
this is sign language for I love you and
like super note team and if you guys
haven't made a note look at that face
look at that face and explain to me why
you haven't made a super note yet I
don't think you can
all right here we go our first family
flight together
