a shaved ice blocks olifants the better
life I think you see you gay
that's the cessation out this of course
is gently to finalize something that you
that you promote a sauna suit Sylvania
and legality direct authority matter
expert and before God assert yourself I
don't read us except is that bag hey
thanks haircut thanks man
I like it dog what are you guys doing
show your butt go talk to your uncle I'm
gonna get you so what Wow good luck with
your sparkly did you go to the gym like
a Corexit do the voice while you do the
walk say fellas still the camera
so Carly was at the gym oh this gym and
this guy just sister out of the blue and
I start pulling you and I turn it off
Sravani oh snap you're nippy you're
nipping what did you say to
who tells their you know anyway
me and rocks are just sitting here
practicing our super dope can you do it
super note can you cry does that count
as a super note okay so if you guys
don't know what a super note is it's a
new contest well it's an old contest
because we won it last year but it's a
new contest you because you've never
heard about it before
rhett and link on their website are
doing this contest called super told
super note here's our video that we made
and it's on my iPhone channel um telling
everybody about the the contest
basically what it is is like you just
have to sing a note as long as you can
just like ah I just hold it for as long
as you can and the most combined teams
notes are gonna win and what will we win
not much but it'll be fun to participate
we I'm actually going to give the top
ten people on our team a free shirt so
look so here's the website it's super
note like people like Shane Dawson I'm
live live a live I just stand Myka Kitty
wheezywaiter Brittani Louise Taylor with
the book rhett and Link the vlogbrothers
these are all teams we're in second
place right now behind Shane Dawson it's
gonna be tough to beat Shane Dawson you
guys we need to really repel unite
together and win this thing so we look
if you click this is Retton links on
website you can click on our team so we
click on the shaycarl
team and then the shows all the people
who have the longest super notes these
are all people who have made videos the
longest one so far is 64 point three
seconds done by skater pals 1 it looks
like and then John of GA he got 60
seconds so if you can beat those just
post a video response to my iPhone
channel link into pants on the video
called super duper note 2010 and then
you immediately go on this website if
you can be in a top 10 longest notes
we're gonna send you a free shaycarl
shirt so I'm gonna sign it if you want
us to ruin the shirt and maybe we'll
have Rock to throw up of it
you throw up what yeah I mean not even
if you yeah if you can't if you're like
white can't do a 60 seconds don't worry
because every second counts even if you
could only do it five seconds they add
up so make a video response to that
video link in my pants and see if you
can beat some of these guys 64 seconds
that's amazing
and then it goes down here and there's
like the top 50 icarly 321 got 35
seconds since she's in the top 50
so anyways um you guys make a super note
and make it a video response the other
and we gotta win we're gonna beat Shane
Dawson we actually won last year so we
are crops like beard and pulls on it so
we're defending champions okay yeah you
squeeze those toes baby tired legs okay
I taught her that
jeepers study versus ready look at her
feet
hey check Carl look do it again and
slightly push your shoulders to the
right yeah just a little half turn it
Cooper Cooper man move oh don't throw as
hard as you think you're gonna stay
tight princess hard stay really really
tight it's like Cooper mote one two
there you go
thanks you guys wanna see Malachi's new
bed
his little hangouts is his bachelor pad
guys just me Malakai sleeping on my
couch Friday night
oh you guys doing I'm just chillin like
a villain
hopefully my girlfriend will be over
here in a few minutes we have a day
that's progress
we're gonna lay on the couch and watch
this motorcycle yeah yeah so me and my
girlfriend basically we love motocross
so I just told her come over here check
out my sweet lo destroyed
okay well let's better go now she'll be
here any minute okay yo is that her is
that you Gertrude no oh she makes me hot
I got a pet
I hope hope Gertrude gets here soon oh
mercy my ears flopped over thanks daddy
tall thanks daddy
preciate it okay see you later hey
icarly style and clean it out you could
clothe the country of Brazil with the
crap that's in your car
it's crazy okay guys bye Mia mom you're
going on a date honey you wanna take
motorcycle we're gonna take our genes
and our t-shirts we're gonna take the
motorcycle huh
here we go
we're out on the town on motorcycle
vomit Arts Building we're stopped at a
red light on a tree beep better go here
mommy card we're gonna go see one to see
the social network the Facebook is we're
into social networking that's what we do
is socially network
you forgot something
you forgot something the popular in a
minute okay I wear this in the movie the
person behind you might hate you but
sure I think I messed up my beard did
you like it like this I know I was so
like intent the whole time I like felt
like I was like leaning forward I got
whatever I was like like I was trying to
listen and watch closer this is super
good let's see it I I mean if we liked
it more because that's what we do
yeah that's like we're so into that
world so it's crazy good movie
