the shades of blue berry like sister
things she does to the family just
become very clear
it's been brought to my attention that
apparently there's some hair on my lip
that grows untie LM whenever it's too
long and it's a little distracting to
some people watching videos
I think it's sisters because I usually
like I need to just trim it more often
but I need you like oh crap this
mustache then I get like this little
thing like drops down somehow that's
like right there like you know I can't
have a weak mustache as a big beard I
was trying to Sam Elliott mustache I
don't know yeah that's right I wish I
had a Hannah Montana mustache that'd be
sweet distracting Oh red beard hair
actually that's gonna grow back what I
did grew up beard tart I can grab the
bottom of my beard I just like chew on
so by the way if you guys haven't
noticed you haven't been reading my
pants don't pan down because I'm sorry
what I want to do is I want to start no
I'm pretty gonna let me trim this first
before I talk the people are dude like
just staring at little impaired the
whole time I'll just talk as I trim it
so the other night I was looking for new
Wow what's the F word that hurts
they're like bit me I think I should be
talking let me trim and then we'll talk
cuz I look better that's a lot better I
think yeah a lot let's see all right no
no I can talk to you mmm my fairly white
I have a great smile mmm now that I have
taken care of my unruly mustache hair I
can tell you guys what I was gonna tell
you about the intros so the other day I
was on YouTube looking for new intro so
I just typed in chez tart intros and
realized there's like tons of you guys
who have made videos singing the
shattered intro song so on yesterday's
video I just picked one that I thought
looked fun and I used it as the intro
and I did the same thing today
so I want you guys if you want to be in
an intro just sing the Shaytards song
you can do it however you want you do
acapella if you do with a guitar a piano
a bunch of your friends however you want
to do it and I think I'll just use those
for the minutes like the next month or
something then maybe we'll come up with
a different interlayer but I thought
that would be a lot of fun if you guys
made the intros and I just used a
different one every single day because
you guys are always like I hate this
intro I love this intro and it's always
so hard if I pick one that everybody
likes because it's always like so either
you love it or you hate it it's like I
don't know what one to you is because
you know some of you either hate it or
love it so this way I think will be a
fun way to like see something different
every day it's not the same intro it'll
be the same song but it'll be cool to
see how you guys do the intro
differently and creatively and stuff
like that so make a video and then I'll
just check them I'll just search every
day just title it Shaytards intro and
I'll just go on YouTube everyday type in
Shaytards intro search for date upload
it and I'll just see all the recent ones
and just tag it you know on the video
description like shaycarl shaytards and
i'll see it and i'll use it home from
school welcome home from school ninos
or does your backpack go up there up on
the hook can you reach let's see try oh
you're a shorty tard we need to get Oh
with that booth next thanks for paying
at I than living with us just suppose
thanks for paying your taxes to the
shaycarl household they are now
everything within this house is mine can
you reach reach with your backpack let's
see can you help your sister can you
help your sister get you guys teamwork
yeah you act like she's fat you're like
oh I can hardly lift her you're strong
good job retard you just need to use
your little your brother to help you
apparently I think this is baby tarts
doing she's taken her books and dolls
and bags and made this little train no
her stops are there I heard Hawai
there's a ballet shoes a troll I know
items that she's obviously placed in a
very specific manner
babies are hey they returned what is
this what is this that you made is that
a pathway of stuff what is it what is it
she made her own Great Wall of China
cover your junk
cover your junk dude your junk tarde
we're trying to film here he's changing
his bum yeah you're changing his bunny
whoo oh how embarrassing wearing the
same onesie two days in a row ho I'm
just sitting here I'm watching some of
your guys's Shaytards intro songs that
you're singing but I knew this would
happen
oh I feel
so bad because you guys there's so many
and I love them but I can't use them all
obviously Oh - what's going on in here
it looks like Centerton therapy that's
like the psychologists couch tell me how
you're feeling inside son tarde how do
you feel inside your heart where's Rock
tarde where is he
are you trying to hide ET under their
rock dog our new baby rock dogs son
tarde has this game that's actually not
his this is that what's it called oh
it's called the gameboy colors what it's
called a son tart said if I had one of
these I would never stop playing it
that's I said son tired well that's why
we're not getting new one he's like what
do you mean I said you said you would
stop playing it he goes well I wouldn't
always play it and I said well you just
said you'd never stop playing it but you
would obviously only play us sometimes
hey you singing welcome here who you
singing happy birthday - that's a cool
foot I know
Malachi's slip I found him last night
and I yelled at
I'm gonna touch it on this hotline I
cannot pick you up by one you know a new
commercial the SPN commercial they like
this feed him to the Sharks and he'll
throw up because they're so disgusting
I'm not joking
that's what's gonna happen your toenails
are a national disaster what's up dog
I'll punch you in the face I'll punch
you right in the face son targets the
grossest toenails I've ever seen I'm not
gonna cut them I'll trim your
fingernails unless you have an like a
government team to come in to sterilize
and clean those I ain't touching them
goodbye 15 let's see me smell your
breath doesn't smell very clean you sure
you brush them did you brush them good
but dead right Jim good never fails to
smell the breath test you can't get that
past me guys remembered the movie Uncle
Buck and he said that he had a friend
that worked in the FBI who could
nice the toothbrush Intel if you've
actually brushed your teeth or just ran
under the water I remember seeing that
as a kid that was show Uncle Buck with
John Candy I'm thinking like crab can
you really do that because I have done
that sometimes I just ran my toothbrush
onto the water
spritz a little water in my mouth it's
like you spend more time trying to cover
something up than just actually doing
what you're supposed to do it's no weird
why do we do that as people just do what
you're supposed to do it's easier the
first time and that way you not to make
lies up about it and then remember which
lies you made up to keep up that lie
that you already made when you could
have just done the right thing in the
first place huh does that relate to you
in your life in any way huh just a
suggestion brush your teeth
all right gross toenails your toenails
greatest things I have ever laid my did
you fart
you totally flatulation on my brand-new
carpet I just bought this house young
man no farting on my new carpets this is
a no farting zone no flatulation in this
area come on time to go to bed is your
wife cheating on your brush room now
good okay get upstairs no go get I'm a
cop three one three you're going the
wrong way Padre up the stairs
that's a collective sigh when the kids
are in bed
you're so cute you always do that here's
what mommy cart always does she always
does this she's always like stressed to
the max trying to get dinner and then
we're all trying to get the kids in bed
and it's like yeah brush your teeth go
peepee you don't want to be your bed
okay let's all say prayer go to sleep go
lay down you don't need that like and
then about 20 minutes late
they're all asleep when she comes in she
was I love our kids so much well here's
this thing is I was really busy today I
had stuff on my mind that I was doing
and kids were talking talking but I was
like in my mommy zone but you don't hear
mom mom from every direction and I think
I was on the phone or something and
Princess chai came up and she goes be
retired on my clean faces that come walk
come and see come and see and I was like
okay just a minute just a minute and
then you know just a minute went by and
I forgot and they forgot and I just went
downstairs and it looks okay let's look
at it no it was trashed it was there
were toys well that is that's how it
works down there because we don't care
about the basement cause it's time to
finish so we're just like throw the
scrap down there let him go down there
and play and it can be a mess and nobody
will know because it's the basement
thank you why do you just tell them in
the morning I do they did this okay in
the corner I think you're kind of being
a mom right now because it's like not
that cute but I mean it is good I mean
everything is obviously straight is
there a spider there oh that's one of
those crickets yeah it really did cuz
look at all these toys they're all like
set up and like an arranged manner I'm
impressed
I guess I love our kids too I've just
haven't seen our basement
this is it is all it has to offer I mean
it's just
big scary basement with bugs if you are
subscribed to my iPhone channel you
would have seen this because I've made
videos down here you guys want to see
the bomb shelter
show us the bomb shelter mami tarde this
is where we come with the apocalypse so
basically it's just a giant room with
shelves this concrete is like eight
inches thick super thick no bucket and
this is all steel metal or whatever and
then the driveway is above this so it's
basically surrounded by concrete I
didn't realize we have for the first
time our own built in acoustic
arrangement let's see a some character
that's right here and sing what should
we sing one that we haven't seen before
love many splendid
I was very beloved you baby you may know
the only way of love much apart the only
way of having a baby is to pay a lovely
fee just one night just one night in the
name of love how you phrase I won't give
it to you don't leave me this way
I can survive without your sweet love oh
baby don't leave me this way
alright we're done bomb shelter singing
over see you guys tomorrow
