all right load out of there
whatever there you tards unload D load
we had to take the van down getting the
brakes fixed because mommy tard wants to
try to drive down some really steep
hills a life goal she loves driving down
steep hills blindfolded my brakes
I'm I figure we'd better just go get
some new brakes before we go you guys
want to go drive down some really steep
hills blindfolded you do all right let's
go the wisdom of a four-year-old how old
are you print this turn your cinco tu
tienes a Cinco anya's I'm gonna I'm
gonna yeah you're the oldest yeah
December you're gonna be seven crazy boy
all right me over there though old house
love you guys this is gonna be really
mean but I must do it as a father they
scare you it's one of my
responsibilities as a father to scare my
children isn't that right son tard
centered had some girls bullying him at
school what did you say to him dude
three to the girls that were gonna bully
you what are they the classic bully line
what did they say to you yesterday
bullies not involved at all over the
last twenty years that's the best they
come up with give me your lunch money
but if Ike bullies nowadays would be
like give me your Twitter followers
friend me on Facebook
those are the bullies of the future
maybe they won't even change it'll just
always be give me your lunch money so
what did you say to him son TARDIS right
away and then last night son card was a
little nervous and he said dad so what
should I say to those girls tomorrow and
I told him you tell those girls that if
they touch you that their dad is going
to come to their school and talk to them
and their parents and punch her in the
face there's no physical violence just
niceness they are nice to you today huh
did you see em or what I just saw them
then I see you were you hiding did you
have camouflage on I kind of was hiding
don't hide don't be afraid you were
hiding from the boys in the dumpster
what is that that's from neverending
story the neverending story
they never ending story it's not tired
it just said that he wants a tattoo or
he wants this fake tattoo what does that
say I don't know it's an eagle says the
USA where do you want it anywhere it's
sleeveless shirt after that no okay
where do you want it to show me let's
put it right down here so you can see it
you up right there what do you under it
there all right who doesn't really if
you think about it who doesn't want
their muscles to look cool all right
put your shirt up yeah I know you take
this edge off first hey you ready for
tattoo removal
oh wow Oh USA dude your muscles are
looking buff looking cool what do you
think no it's stuck there forever that's
why you don't get tattoos cuz they're a
bad decision what Chad - I'm so offended
I'm unsubscribing you just made me feel
bad about my life decision I'm so angry
so before I left for LA I see you you
gonna wet it I said to mommy Turks were
trying to decide what to do with this
little patch of ground out here and I
said let's get a trampoline because I
grew up having a trampoline and I was so
glad that I had one because I feel like
I was better at sports and I could just
I had body awareness like I could do a
back flip on the trampoline and I
started doing around my skis later and
stuff just let's get the kids of
trampoline so she said okay but she said
she wanted to get an underground one I'm
like I want to do that that's like a lot
of work and stuff so she said she had a
big surprise for me and now we have a
giant hole in our backyard
daddy came home to a giant hole on the
backyard yeah right here go down right
here and go in it so what we're gonna do
we're having a fence belt obviously
right here these are the poles those are
going in and we're gonna build some
retaining walls right here what a
retaining wall is they're gonna cut that
dirt straight put some bricks right here
right here so basically the yard is
gonna be the same level of the
trampoline it's not gonna be over there
though that'll be a little bit lower but
up here you know all around here and
over there on the side the trampoline
will be the same height as the ground
that's pretty good surprise
do you like the hole the hole in the
ground yeah it's all right
mommy tired I am so I'm not more excited
I am super excited what a spider okay
nice a jumping spider that sunshades bad
guy where'd he go
did you submerge this turf oh that's a
close one what you looking for mommy
tard you lookin for my toes you see any
princess heard saw one earlier oh that's
big is it ready
look it's cracking right there yeah it's
pretty ready it's a squash squash so we
bought this house it has this huge
garden in it which is awesome check out
this pumpkin check up this this is gonna
be a huge pumpkin right here isn't that
cool it's a big pumpkin you guys excited
to carve pumpkins what sure go ahead
go on a little adventure what do you
think about the fence you like it so
this is gonna be our fence going along
on the back okay okay there's mom eat
our dinner garden where rabbits
Spencer's gonna go all along the back
here and it's gonna be electrocuted
actually
anybody tries to get in a little shotgun
but you love it we could show you little
gardener by who bugs alright cuz I love
Tomatoes I know he's out here jumping on
the tomatoes you can't be mommy tard I'm
the tomato monster me me and my
addiction of fresh fruits and vegetables
ah ah so barrows you got me you can tell
that's why I got that big dumpster see
this area see how it's like all cleaned
out so just the trees are there so you
can like walk through here used to look
like this where it was just like
branches like you couldn't even walk
through it so I spent about a day and a
half
two days in here trimming all these
trees up and then dragging all the
branches I still have a few little ones
I need to get but dragging all the
branches and all the tree stumps and
everything out to the big dumpster that
I ordered that I showed you guys the
other day that huge dumpster I filled it
up all these tree branches
I had a Logan come up and help me so
this is cool we want to do something
like put some like lights in here you
know maybe have like a little picnic
table area or something but yeah maybe
we'll have a little path we should build
a path right here that goes down and
then the gates gonna be right there
then we can go there you like the path
that's what we're doing we're just we're
just building our land I feel like a
pioneer you know like we're we're
working the land it's nice it's
refreshing look at this tomato did you
put that there that doing no that's like
an easter egg
that's so weird it looks like it's being
chewed but why oh oh dude they're
storing them no I bet you - squirrel I
bet you it's a squirrel there's a tomato
can you see it let me show you over here
all right there check it out there's a
tomato way up in the tree right there
I think it's a prize
I've been seeing some squirrels out here
there's another one right here they're
probably saving them they see you out
here picking them they're like what that
lady thinks she's doing those are our
Tomatoes and their price storing them
here in the tree for later baby just
raise your hand if you like ladybugs
show us rock turns out that today
gummy worms
I didn't raise my hand brinstar trainer
have you a shock you I heard it laughing
because it hurt I'm laughing because I
am so happy that you're okay that's why
I'm laughing that's why people laugh
what was it you're not laughing cuz
somebody got hurt and it's hilarious
you're laughing because they're okay
loser
yeah it's just like who's that idiot out
there in the van I'll gonna learn Marva
dart so cute my little angels look at
this room it's clean your beds are even
made I'm so proud of you guys it's
earrings
let's sear wings can you fly with them
so when you're on your tippy toes that
means you're flying the girls out there
flying you have your snowboarding hey
you guys can we're going to talk to you
about something for a second this is a
serious topic okay you guys sit down on
the bed I want to talk to you guys about
school all right I'll talk to you guys
about bullying do you guys know what
that means
oh no it all what's bullying mean
centaur do you know what it means if
you're if you're a bully
we're asking you something like what and
we're not supposed to do and them and
they're not nice to you or anything
that's right what about you princess
card do you know what it means when
somebody's mean to you or their bully it
means that sometimes people are mean and
that means that we just need to be nicer
to those people and you we need to make
sure that we are never bullies okay
please understand that because there's
people out in the world that are
different than you have different color
skin they believe different things but
those people aren't bad people they just
think differently than you guys do you
understand that so that's our biggest
goal and we're in school when we go to
school or want to just like out hanging
out with our friends or we're at you
know the playground is to be nice to
everybody can you guys do that yeah you
can be nice to everybody so I'm tired
how about you okay I want you guys to
remember that okay that's that's
important thing is to be nice to others
and candy that's the next most important
what you have the next question centered
what is it that's cool all right go
ahead what is your question yeah how
come it's part of it but we don't want
to hurt it we don't want to hurt anybody
else do we remember when those girls
were being mean to you and they're being
a bully and they're like give us your
lunch money kid that made you feel
scared huh do you remember that were you
scared that they're gonna hurt you
yeah so we don't want to make anybody
feel like that do we we don't want
anybody to be
scared so play nice
