shame
Taylor Swift singing Meowth headed home
baby yeah
goodbye Los Angeles farewell spit by
everybody
there it is our solution Jules and we're
at the airport LAX drop off this rental
car I always feel like that's like a
major accomplishment getting out of my
hotel getting into my rental car getting
it back to wherever it's from because I
usually rent from enterprise with this
time that are full so I'd rent from
Nashville
I've never heard of that place before
but taking the old dodge back then we're
gonna be flying we're taking two flights
home two kids
so crazy like I just did this but I'm
excited to see them as always
the airport no walking through the long
haul of rainbow walls in the airport
lest the treachery of that day
alright well normally my flights go
smooth and easy cheesy but this flight
that does not go no I'm gonna end up
hanging out in the LAX Airport pretty
much all day super stressful um so what
happened is this getting some talkin to
you turned around looked at me that's
what happened it is my flight was
originally supposed to go home on Sunday
but I made it a film some more stuff we
extended it till this morning Tuesday
morning well apparently they don't have
my information my flight information so
I had to pay hundred fifty dollars and
now I have to wait until four o'clock in
the afternoon and it's 8:00 right now so
I'm gonna be sitting just on the
computer all day there's nothing for me
to edit so maybe I'll just watch youtube
videos over there or whatever maybe I'll
do a live show
who knows to NC but you won't know cuz
it will already have happened when you
see this video anyways love you boy so
headed to the plane where's my cookie
it's always a good sign and when you run
your ticket wouldn't the to the girl out
there at the first of the tunnel and it
starts one bbbbb people be like whoa
it's scary at first but what it means
you can an exit row next arrow and they
ask you at the place they say do you
know the terms and conditions of the
exit row you can save people's lives
the planes gonna crash you Mike yeah
sure okay I'll do anything for more foot
room battle is over Xaro whatever six
hours
I just oh my gosh I hope I don't die
we're on an airplane right now
and I just he just walked about her
plane having a moment start getting
pumped up
I am getting my dream
I wanna play that you know I just need
this YouTube video about the
thanks Internet you know I just realized
is that coming to the bathroom while
you're on an airplane is a very brave
thing you know I guess everybody stares
at you it's very true every psycho is
good enough it's gonna be miss bladders
full I know about his physiology right
now it's that's why everybody on the
plane knows that I'm in here
there's children watching this show no
it is it's a very brave thing bill to
get up on an airplane full this this
this flight is literally there's no
seats the overhead carriage bids are
like overflowing while we're all loaded
on there people are like fighting over
hose their backpack
/ encouraged to get up and to get into
this room where you're alone I feel like
Lewis and Clark right now that's what
kind of journey that works it's not
gonna go Pete I just thought I would
tell you guys how brave the man I was to
come to the bathroom on an airplane if
you've been in the plan of flight you
know what I'm talking about okay now I
will be pee in the patio weird blue
chemicals flush my urine down into some
weird take on the plane that's another
thing I always think the people outside
of the bathroom just another thing I
just met
for friends yeah you know cookies cookie
 for friends
oh my gosh whenever I come into a
bathroom on an airplane
whenever I come into the bathroom on
airplane and like Leonardo DiCaprio in
catch me if you can to remember that
part in that movie where he unscrews the
toilet and he gets in there and he gets
off the plane wherever I'm on are
claiming to attend because it's just
exciting I pretend that there's no
clocks outside the door and I have to
find a way to like get into the fuselage
of the plane I like undoing some schools
run finding a secret compartment and
this is this apartment what I just found
to watch yesterday's video I was in the
Delta Sky Lounge
I
Hey
she don't know who I was I just just
were nice and I got a picture with her
and I'm super popular because I met that
girl from friends you don't care okay
that's just
poppers club' spawned operas check it
out it's terribly hard
that means
the best part like I'm finishing a race
I'm like trying to make it Mary
kids are here did you miss your daddy
you do okay come on let's go got a
surprise don't tell me yet what's the
surprise
it's a secret were you a good boy nice
we'll see a good boy yeah hey beautiful
good to see you look at that cute little
eyeball both the girls go dad can I
write on your shoulders well I couldn't
really tell since you cheated we have a
surprise yes what is it
close your eyes mom very close as I fall
down the stairs
oh is that Logan's Oh kill do you like
it yeah I mean you're buying special
stuff yeah get some bindings and boots
for it wait your times coming
let's see you sit on it how you feel
that's how you guys over the middle
sound in the very middle of it just like
that there you go
you're snowboarding you go right foot
forward oh yeah you're hitting the walls
yeah that's gonna piss your mommy tart
off nice all right let's go time to go
to bed good to see you guys I love you
oh you got a basket you know the plastic
basket me and mommy tart had a little
fight about what kind of baskets to get
oh that's nice dirty clothes go yes nice
do you guys have one baby tart you guys
have a basket like that
show me let's see I want to see your
baskets
Aleksey your wicker baskets oh so
precious oh that's cute that's for your
dirty clothes okay you guys put them
right in there what is it white but you
guys have a bigger surprise for me don't
you but you can't show me till the
morning but I think I know what it is
mamita have you seen where the dirty
clothes go no oh you watch that's why
it's watch let's see let's watch this is
mommy cards big surprise but at least we
got a brand-new washer and dryer that's
awesome
do you like the money they're nice oh
really cute
you do three loads in one
oh that's cool - that's what I like it's
like kids fingers
oh no slow decline it doesn't hurt
oh that's cool they're nice LG LG looks
good what is it called it's called the
jump slide the jump slide jump killer
 whoa see that that was the jump
slide jump think tard you see the jumps
like jump tired
