shame
that's right right now
I met the Delta Sky Club in Los Angeles
I'm gonna try to find one of these
places to sit so I can vlog in private
these little church that wall on both
sides so you feel like you're in a safe
place and the only people that can see
me up this way so it's like a dog I know
that a dog likes to have like a cave
though they like to be in a sleeping
position where there's walls around them
so they're protected so you know that
this side this side this side are
protected by these walls you only have
to defend this outer area right here she
didn't think I was like saying go away
this baby okay so here's the scenario I
was supposed to leave to go back that's
kind of like I think anyway it's so it's
so hard to be like quiet and like
professional when you're not supposed to
be loud I'm not just because that's when
I want to be loud and I'm not just the
most that when I go to golf courses
you're supposed to have like this little
higher you know the reference and that's
the worst yeah I want to scream and
throw golf clubs and stuff it was okay
so back to the story I was supposed to
leave Los Angeles on Sunday to head back
to Idaho because I was just gonna fly in
real quick for the Kia thing to film the
last thing for Kia and then fly right
back out but we had I think for Pepsi
had to shoot and a couple things for the
station we had to shoot so
they extended my flight tell to the
today this morning Tuesday morning and
so I got my rental car took it back came
to the airport and they don't have any
information so whoever was supposed to
extend my flight for two days whatever
didn't and so now I'm just here waiting
for the next six hours to fly home
because I did get a flight but it's a
way later in the day so now I'm just
showing in here and because I've flown
Delta so much they said we'll give you a
complimentary Sky Club reservation or
whatever so basically I get to hang out
in this area for the next six hours
which is awesome because it has free
internet really cold chairs like this
get coffee and stuff but they have like
a full buffet and all this stuff I'll
show you
yeah basically about it's like free food
free drinks just to say here to work on
your laptop really cool so I'm just
hanging out here a little bit of footage
from last night when I was in the office
I don't have much footage it's because I
was so busy I'm so sorry
getting back to negative not like an 8
o'clock
mommy time the kids are gonna pick me up
and then hopefully we'll start back
fresh guys are so fake so they had to
travel again next week but the kids and
marmot are gonna come with me we have to
go back into LA next week for a couple
of things do you need the audio no so I
can be loud because I'm loud obnoxious
I'm just like just imagining what uh-oh
what is can you see her face in it or
what are you gonna improv it and just
see that as long as there's no nothing
so he's a green screening obviously see
what that means so that they can make
the bunny look like he's in the field or
something I don't know whether or not
but that's just what you walk through
what's up dog go this way go that way
give me a nice Peter are gonna ride this
bike through the office okay ready
we're at the office it's late early
boards were bad what you think
did you see that one you missed it okay
we're right in the stoop is it better on
the carpet mas para good video what's
your idea for videos
