hey guys okay so Shea is in LA obviously
and he's coming home tomorrow and we're
really excited let's go talk to the kids
are getting ready for bed I told him to
go brush your teeth
let's see if they're doing it you guys
brushing your teeth wash these better be
let's see it Oh rusty teeth eat hard all
right hi oh my my YouTube chair -
yesterday we watched the vlog that shape
put up and before that rocked hard was
really fussy so I don't realize because
brush was really fussy so I picked him
up sat down push play and he like
whipped his head around and just stared
but the good hair shades boys it was so
cute he loved her daddy huh yes he said
all right so tomorrow Shea comes home
and we have a little surprise planned
for him and obviously we can't tell you
what it is cuz he's probably watching
there yeah do you remember what it is so
surprise tomorrow either pick him up
from the airport and sorry guys
all right we'll see you guys smile bye
Oh lovely shade toothpaste kids
