yes so I'm in this big studio today so
mean this thing on cool check out it's
like a makeup bro hey just you're
getting my makeup done this is a really
cool place they've done a lot of movies
here at this cent
check this out just remember the movie
The Aviator at the one about Howard
Hughes and Leonardo DiCaprio played
remember when he was a pilot and he
wrecks into the house remember that
scene and he liked the dip what is that
the wine tears up the roof here's the
actual house look that dude stand in
there this house is like a model the
house is only like ten feet tall and
here's like a fake airplane and in
section days remember the movie on its
inception
remember when they're at this big place
with the snow scene this is it right
here it's a model and there's these
giant green screens right here it's
amazing is it for game that's movie
magic hey Anthony tard see we're
actually it's actually maybe magic we're
not even the real small ones guys are
like yeah there's they're this big yeah
they're so cute in real life look at
their hair it is lifelike feeling that
lifeline yeah yeah it does here's the
set it's good to be a soul winner I
think I know who won but I can't say yet
but I hear this who's next winner
that's pretty cool real professional
profession huge lights up there is kind
of hot hair too of all the lights afraid
I'm gonna be sweating all day sweaty
tard got lisanova over here yeah you're
tall lisanova star 12 yeah okie dokie so
we are all finished with a Kia Soul
who's next contest and the winner is I
can't tell you yet
it's a secret you have to tune in
September 30th but I just want to say
this you guys should go check out both
of the contestants I hung out with them
all day today it's the first time I've
ever met him they're really funny really
talented cool to hang out with guys the
one is Dennis or his name's I don't
think he has his real name out there but
hit the characters Dennis he has that
little blue guy really funny dude they
live in him and his buddies live in
Florida going to film school the dude
knows it's Brent I guess he was just
filming I'm like he's like I know it's
Brett I'm like yeah that's my buddy then
of course the receptionist is a really
cool guy he's super tall a lot taller
than I expected him to be but he's
really funny so I want you guys to check
both of them out go subscribe but just
at least check them out so I think
they're funny guys and you know they
could have some really good shows on
YouTube so link is in MF abeyance
yo so now I'm headed to another shoot
for Pepsi we're doing a charity project
it's for a refresh everything calm I
think is a website we're all choosing
our own charities like trying to drive I
shouldn't put the camera away dude for
control even Los Angeles I'm a pro I can
do this dog crap okay so going to
another shoot right now and not much
time to vlog because we're filming all
these other things but it's full
schedule and I talked to mommy tard and
she did get her iPhone case and she
filmed it with her iPhone so I kind have
some crappy footage of Mommy tarde
getting her iPhone case I know
would come to that day seven well is it
day seven day seven I wasn't there
to me this iPhone case doesn't exist
because it's like I started to believe
that was never gonna come and now when
I'm gone it's very missed out so anyways
I love you guys
and thanks for being patient during the
LA vlog vlog sure I heard do a vlogs
anyways let me guess
see you in a little while bye all right
guys last time I'm checking okay that's
a lie I'll probably check it again the
next and the next and the next day
oh he's heartless okay we're gonna go
see if iPhone cases there if it's not
that I'm gonna throw a big stick but
it'll be there right okay
are you guys so it wasn't there I'm
excited yeah I got you guys so I got a
um LCD mirror protector
I think it's am your protector that's
what I ordered anyway we'll see okay
when we get there I think I'm just gonna
wear it like this I'm the I'm the new
sparkly Phantom of the Opera I'm so
excited you guys like it I love it
I think of a mirror and just I have to
tell you something funny though I am
yeah the kids were okay I got it I am
out it and I put it on the phone just to
see it and then I couldn't get it back
off I'm like okay I'm filming this on my
iPhone so if I can't get it back off I
can't show you guys until until I find
another camera so anyway so I got so
okay all right okay so okay now we're
going to watch CNN this is CNN and they
just said something about youtubers some
story about youtubers coming up you've
seen their he said something like you've
seen their videos no check this out I'm
like what's like this on my computer so
um if it comes on I'll film it and I'll
show you guys but he said something
about you George
and I think I saw Joe mr. guitar man
who's there tonight we're hanging out
tonight but he was on CNN if it comes on
I'll show you okay we'll see I know her
youtubers sorry I'm interested you - I'm
a YouTube nerd so cool
cool cool story on YouTube every time
you know big media talks about YouTube I
feel like it's a good good thing for us
it keeps YouTube strong super cool all
right I'm going to bed unless my my wife
my kids I'm sleepy
love you guys see in the morning good
night
