change it
- sit back relax Paulo
what is go family
he put this
no it's in there I can't help my cameras
in there yeah forget it okay good got it
right can you reach it we just did
exactly what the bucket shows not to do
do not have your small trail get your
camera out of this bucket I'll be so
warning look how many buckets are right
here I just asked the Walmart people I
said hey where do you guys keep your
bucket sighs I don't know why but they
literally have 8,000 buckets right here
is that the toy you want to get I see
what is it that's so pretty that Bell
let me see what is it that is a
beyblades I don't know
whoa look this is like the dream my life
the what a dream of my life why I see
all different kinds of toys I love well
what's what are you gonna get I don't
know there's so many oh it's so pretty
it's what we're doing here at Walmart
today as I told the kids they can get a
$6 toy because yesterday I was like you
guys want to go to the movie tonight and
they're like yeah let's go to the movie
then after we did shopping for a washer
and dryer and barstools and me and mommy
had her like we do not feel like
watching the movie so I said to the kids
guys make a deal if we don't go to the
movie tonight
I'll buy you a $6 toy at Walmart
tomorrow and they agreed so today is the
day all day they've been like dad is the
time to look at our toy yet is the time
to get our toy yet and we're finally
here at Walmart to get a toy that is six
dollars or less so they are shopping and
they're disappointed if the toy is more
expensive but they have to get it six
dollars and under
it's a giant ball pit
mommy tard not our fight start tell me
one of those balls throw it out here you
throw on do it do it you fell down Oh
higher there we go
did she find her toy yeah
oh pretty that Cinderella yeah who is it
slip in beauty All Right see you to lip
since she's beautiful Lisbon deity okay
we're trying to find sun card and then
we're gonna hit him over this ball so as
you find them now I'm singing it to your
brother sad love you son tard so sweet
say I love you son card all right United
right love you good night princess card
what
it's pretty obvious ladies ladies ladies
what's going on with the room I want to
show you my outfit come here in the last
seconds
Oh what do you what do you wear
I found this out before and I didn't
have extra shoes for the gym hilarious
and so Larry's the way we're funny
mismatched clothes Oh get in here and
play that round you guys did you feel
you did you guys feel bad yesterday did
you people felt bad yesterday in the
vlog when centered called himself fat
here so bad I think he you know it's so
nobody feels bad for me when I call
myself at oh you are fat fat so do you
think you're fat no you're not fat no do
you know that your stuff yeah
you just you're kind of like your dad
you're thick you got big muscles
zoom Blair you do did you have big
muscles you're helping me carry those
trees yesterday you're doing a good job
all right I love you
can i what is all it the hitting let me
see your new toy you got do you like it
it's Belle what song is she seen hey
what song is Belle sing I can no I can
show your hairy beer armpit hey the
Baker which is tray like always
no but inaudible see mine okay this poor
provincial
yeah I know seeing that song is like a
tale has old has tied tan tan-tan Tonto
no no no not Oh beauty beauty and the
beat girl
good night baby tarde let's see your
aerial you got yourself an aerial Wow
where's her face Ash's riffraff that's
Aladdin street rat I don't buy that
if only they'd look closer would they
see up oh boy no sorry mija I would sign
this Little Mermaid sing what are you
sharing I guess oh yeah
ah keep singing ah here's a prince turki
thingamabobs I've got 20 but who cares
no big deal I want more I wanna be I
wanna see wanna see him dancing walking
along on them what's that word again
your fins you don't get too far legs are
required for jumping dancing alright can
I do that to me
what is my deal alright now that I now
that I sing you guys some nice little
buys you're all tired and go to sleep
now huh and in the morning we're gonna
burn everything that's on your floor
okay just a little heads up modify nice
okay let's say goodnight just son tard
goodnight what are you doing what's that
on your wrist oh is that your new toy
alien watch what does it do
Oh Oh what do you do with it Oh
coordinates coordinates where we're
going Oh what is that that's me yeah oh
hey how are ya watches cool all right
finish your Tai Chi and then go to bed
okay weird up you watch too much TV
obviously you know good night love you
okay the kids are asleep and we're
leaving Oh
where are we going going we're going on
a date without the children because they
are filled with eggs this is the only
inviting word Carly's watching the kids
and Shaye and Kaitlyn are going out on a
date a date which means we basically go
do anything without the children and
it's fun
yeah like even go change the laundry
that's what we're gonna do we're gonna
go eat and then we have to go change the
laundry at the other house because
they're delivering the new washer and
dryer hey copper tard
I'm blocking here let me turn has a call
coffee here yeah hey we're on a date
put the textual device away what are you
doing why yet an alarm cuz it tells you
to go to bed cuz I go to bed way too
late and so I need to set myself an
alarm to be like Oh time to be ready for
bed but I'm not really not getting ready
for bed why do you go to bed too late
come on like that's a problem every
night mom eater wants to another like no
standing out me know is gonna make it I
kids envenom like muggers like like Noah
thing out now those kids are asleep
anyways we're at this restaurant it's a
pretty nice restaurants probably one of
the nicest restaurants in our town and I
actually grew up working here I got a
job here when I turned to fifteen as a
dishwasher and then I was a busboy I
cook
and I worked here for like three years
solid all through high school from when
I was like 15 to 18 or whatever there's
a lot of memories in this restaurant
that's crazy I don't have cleaned every
one of these tables I folded these
napkins they look like the same napkins
that were here when I apart
geographically are that yummy we are
eating Cinderella's carriage to the ball
I'm late
it's midnight bony mom sorry sorry for
palming your appetite you can't fake the
funk on a nasty dunk you're lucky you're
not my house right what are you my wife
you're lucky you're not my wife
coz I like to palm appetizers and if
you're my wife and you were eating with
me I would Palm our appetizer and say
you can't thank you a lot of goodies
ma'am so this is a steamed artichoke
with mayonnaise and drawn butter with a
lemon wedge on the side it's really good
exercise and when I say it's delicious
what I mean is butter and mayonnaise are
delicious like mayonnaise butter
yes it has every one of these mommy give
us a little tutorial how you do it
these leaves you know they they come off
of the artichoke well the best part of
the artichoke is the inside the heart
right the heart it's a leaf heart and
there's like a little bit of meat right
here yeah okay
oh so you bite it and you slide it along
your teeth turn around and you can see
like you eat the meat off the artichoke
really good though
this is the heart you meet the heart
it's like Indiana Jones like a quiche in
a quiche ledee so how this it's kind of
like that trust me that's how I'll do it
little shop little shop a whole there's
live shot live shot football sing along
with me who remembers that movie it had
a Rick Moranis Steve Martin it's an old
movie
I remember watching as I was a kid
Little Shop of Horrors that's what this
reminds me of it's like this mommy turds
trying to get to the heart of the
artichoke I've only done this a few
times and it's this we haven't seen it
look it up it's his giant plant they
kind of look like this because I had
purple leaves can't see it lighting in
here but had these purple leaves on this
movie and it it ate what liked what it
was like a vampire plant it was like a
Venus flytrap basically is like a Venus
flytrap and it just was like really
small and Rick Moranis character he like
gave it a little bit of blood off his
finger and it grew and he ended up like
killing the Steve Martin character who
was a dentist and feeding it to this
plant
it's a classic Cole watching if you
haven't seen a little shot before ya
know it's funny it's a it's like a
musical comedy it sounds gross emit
sounds gruesome but it is it's like a
fun comedy but this giant plant it like
more from this huge thing that wants to
eat people and that's what this plant
reminds me of except for mommy is the
meat-eating man is that it that's the
heart mommy's eating the heart of the
Little Shop of Horrors plant ah you you
vegetarian murderer you plant eater
killer there's the dead artichoke
there's my pile of leaves and there's
mommy buckle up please do your they're
so hot no that's a bodybuilding pose
it is what your body okay like this okay
survive one day today we're in our we're
on a date at our old house and we're
having the time of our lives
oh that's the last that's the last well
that's the last and only shaycarl hat in
existence what if I want it you're a boy
yes you did no I do I have a black one
well you're gonna be selfish to take the
last one who wants this last shaycarl
hot it actually wasn't printed very well
whoever printed it because it's like
kind of pink right here so kind of got
muffed you know a steep pink I have to
have it catch um you missed it so we are
here on our date washing our clothes
it's pretty romantic
kreschenko shaker-style this is the last
day that's kind of like a big moment
because after this load a Home Depot is
delivering our new washer and dryer at
our new house tomorrow and so all of a
sudden we will have no more need for
this house it's been a long run it's
been a long run it has it's it's
actually it's actually uh this house
it's been emotional isn't this a big
time in our lives for changing houses
and it crazy created a messy basement
unless maybe what oh the curtains yeah I
know it's it's uh it's moving on time
anyways uh we love you guys like we've
got some time made that yeah every
cinnamon I know it's hard but we were
talking about tonight at dinner that we
are so glad that we have all these
memories on video that it's such a lucky
thing for us because we're going to grow
up 20 years is going to go by like the
flash of an eye and we're gonna be
retired and we're gonna be driving our
motorhome through Colorado Springs
I don't know whenever we retire who
knows
and we'll have all these memories
documented and we're so grateful that we
have those met those memories yes all
right
you're emotional all right so goodbye
see you tomorrow see you tomorrow
bye-bye
