Diane eggs I'm excited no I'm more
excited than you but a whole lot we
think we see ah no I'm the most excited
yet you're more excited
official guys winter is never going to
end
I'll get this this is crazy just never
get in it's gonna be cold forever firing
up the cat got to go beat the cows
well
welcome back from Spring Break still
winter got another six inches of snow
last night
guess what cows are still hungry it's
like they want to eat whole day yeah we
got a bunch of snow I got some tours to
get done look at this this winter is
over fresh coat of new snow we have to
go plow today it's almost April 1st we
got to feed the boys though all last
time we're in heroes with the a be
family fum all right let's get this hay
out there boy scared come lining up for
their breakfast buffet who's hungry
who's hungry all of you guys he's real
hungry
all right Dom D all right stop plows and
snow
March 28 everybody okay I know that
Easter is over but we didn't get a
chance to die Easter eggs
so that's your burning the eggs I'm not
burning the eggs they're boiling silly
this is our rainbow colors rainbow of
colors excited just in case oh hey
beautiful all glitter mm-hmm nice yeah
we got to do the easier egg thing we
haven't done it this year yet so first
times are you trying to hide in my
kitchen think I won't see you hmm
hey what's up everybody
head shave football they're dumb kids
again how's it going I mean hi welcome
to our show what well you read anything
to say sometimes it get screwed look
we're gonna eat spaghetti sauce maybe I
come put the noodles in you know I never
get sick of this dish totes you can
really connect this up and I think it's
a family family yeah 9 out of 10 votes
on that yeah it's good everybody will
have a dinner as a family at home no you
wouldn't yeah think about this thing
about this if you want to have a strong
relationship with somebody you have to
use all five of your senses you have
five senses what are they here you can
hear me you can see
II me you good you can't but we can
whoa you can burn your nostril holes
that's three here and touch good time
you do it such so think about this to
strengthen Anja and jumps that's the
same sense jumps the sixth sense no I
dissociate relationships the more of
those senses that you use the better the
relationship will be and think about
think about I think about when do you
use all five senses
doing what okay just cooking anything
yep clothes something other than cooking
in order to use although specific answer
we're looking for if there's a specific
thing that you have to do that is the
most beneficial all five senses
straightly in relation am type thing
what you know what eating eating
together as a family family dinner SAT
but sitting around a table where you can
see smell touch taste won't taste each
other but you're using all five senses
think about it and you sit around the
table and have a family dinner that's
why that's what family dinners are so
important yes in title five senses jump
and day so we'll have to sit at the
other end
oh listen talk about using your smell
sense vinegar grew Diane eggs I'm
excited no I'm more excited than you but
a whole lot we think we see ah no I'm
the most excited yeah
you're more excited have you guys ever
had an excited all if your family just
got out excited what he did he got you
oh you own you excited hey there's
nothing better that looks ahead what
color are you doing rock hey everyone
cool
we got treats we just had a family night
now we're having Easter egg dye night
who is that a very light pink roof yeah
and then I got put sprinkles okay
sparkles glitter you dip the egg in the
glitter oh wow oh wow sparkly oh happy
Easter you get your blue one out my
favorite is drying on them scoop them
out with your bracelets got your little
scoopers number of those they're still
using the exact same Easter Egg scoopers
Oh egg down where'd it go oh did crack
let's see
egg in the orange egg in the orange do
wegg's in the orange purple blue green
and yellow orange orange blue blue
purple yellow orange blue blue blue blue
yellow an orange or GI yellow green cup
Easter everybody Daxton do you want a
dye an egg Brooke how many eggs are you
doing how many is that so excited look
at under the shake and shake and chilly
still more excited King of excited sits
upon his excited throne yeah
you excited bro Gavin's doing the
Crayola alright well tune in in a few
seconds when we have all these done and
I'll show them to you maybe I'll say
some funny things we'll see I don't know
Dax would put a green one in nice dude
you're dyeing eggs okay I guess it
sounds like you're gay all right what we
call them dying yeah right all right
let's get our egg here hope it's not
yellow enough yet put it back into the
dye it's not quite colored enough yet
lad let's check the red one green pink
one cuz I want to pull the red one out
Alec oh is it the pink one yes is it is
a pink one yes it is lovely pink one
indeed it's not colorful enough yet put
it back in put it back in my ears
smell it back into the color put it in
the blue one put your name it's too much
things in there
Jackson's putting all the eggs and wrong
containers hey we have to say about
yourself okay do ever want Rock is
frustrated with you all right we got a
googly eyes hold that up live that's
really good I like that
what's his name is he have a name girl
no he yeah I did what's her name Jenny
time she has a lovely name
it's mrs. joy yeah this one's just
called happy let me see oh okay
I'm gonna color it anything or just
happy egg what color is happy egg oh I
like it I like the purple yeah pink
that's the pretty one he's gonna hide
these one oh yeah yeah I'm going to bed
I'm tired and blow away you have a
friend
rotten egg and when they open it yeah
they do it on purpose like to trick him
okay well we've been saving one for the
last 30 days and it's rotten disgusting
let me see he's got a little yellow
happy face it's like you Daxton let me
see your little yellow happy face show
me you're happy baby happy baby Easter
eggs what are you working on over there
gab Meister
my ways and then just half a bit in them
that's good
what Cody gonna dip it in blue all right
I like it I like it
riding the waves right all three Jackson
you can't mix yellow and purple that's
not gonna look good oh it's a it's me
with a heart hey MA kiss it Oh
don't fight it how scary what what do
you want Rock I don't know do i was
already have one here you can use mine I
think that one's my other one Brock here
want to use this one dude yeah all right
there right there you use that word
right there yeah purple one
well there's a line getting the cue geez
Purple's popular this time of year I
have a yellow one down there at the
bottom
all right I'm going to bed happy Easter
everybody Oh pigs down ah seriously I'm
going to bed I'm exhausted
what is it oh that's cool
the riddle comes an egg ha yeah that's a
good one a bounteous basket of Easter
eggs Wow look at all those colors
designs
Wow yes fit all of them alright grab one
it's cool there's Gavin's oh yeah that's
awesome
Thank You mo who's very very Percy which
one beef and roofies let's go back up I
made you happy face but accent a
struggle of course the happy face
cool cool joy Oh what happened to this
one yay there you go good one Wow
all right happy Easter we'll see you
guys tomorrow well I don't know why I
was so tired we got home late from Salt
Lake after CVX the other day and then we
like you know the kids had school Monday
morning so we're up at 6:00 a.m. plus
that was a long serve vlog yesterday had
a ton of footage I took me a long time
to edit I hope you watch yesterday's
vlog if you guys haven't seen
yesterday's vlog click on the yesterday
thing you can see it right there it's
like me click on me it's the latest vlog
it's me my big burly chest with my
beautiful wife around my my neck she's
the mystery video she's such a mystery
doesn't that just fit her oh stop it and
then there's eight other videos you can
click on to see what we've been doing
the last eight years but if you missed
yesterday's vlog it was the Easter
extravaganza we had quite the weekend
with our friends and family and I hope
you watch it I spent a lot of time on it
I used music I used a Tessa violet song
a bird song she's so great I love her if
you didn't listen to the bird song in
yesterday's vlog you should go listen to
it and then you should go to subscribe
to her channel and download her music
okay thanks guys for watching appreciate
it be back tomorrow we're gonna tape him
comin
