no one changes Shaytards talk to
sit back relax while
- the thing is - the thing shape after
school
he put his life on
what what is it is it going mm-hmm
it's a time for me to talk on the camera
yeah okay this is actually something
that's pretty cool it's a paycheck from
take 180 and they're like total legit
like when you go there you have to like
you know sign all this stuff and then
they're owned by Disney so you know
they're totally legit but I want you
know the personal information I know it
says cast and crew which really means
nothing
anyways um but it's a paycheck for being
an actor literally for showing up at
take 180 and filming all day different
videos it's a paycheck first like just
being an actor so cool I think it is how
much is it Shh oh shut up
I don't know how much is it tell me and
then we'll cut it out oh boy
I am our ichs a trillion dollars they
take taxes up really a nose do yeah they
did take taxes out that means um you
want to know so you know how much to ask
for for your next I'm all sides of your
heart I'll say it's more than a thousand
dollars and it's less than two thousand
dollars
Wow really yeah that's good and that's
for I think that's for like four
different videos but then of course I
have to promote it and like push to it
but that's cool I almost like don't even
like this is like like this is daddy's
first check he got is for being an actor
oh you don't want to ikuo me to state no
we gotta frame it
I wanna frame we make a copy of it back
we make a copy of it famous
Oh fun ha ha that should let you really
get the comments going while you make
money for do
shei oh I hate you can you do what you
love it you're succeeding in life I'm a
failure could you see that on shaycarl
let's go for day five
this is getting ridiculous I think as as
the executive Inspira see as the
executive producer director and creator
of The Daily Show chart vlogs I might
have to cut this segment out if this
iPhone case doesn't get here we're not
doing this anymore
five days oh and you know what I think
what's a good job and just cut thrown
away all right let's go check see what's
here better reader okay here we go
day five I thought we should do
something different just kidding so
ridiculous
are you guys getting paid different it's
so dumb how did this turn into a thing
that's what we just easy way to recess
it's the thing this is a thing this is a
thing tune in and every day we'll see if
mommy turds iPhone case is definitely a
thing for me so if you guys are as
emotional about it as I it's definitely
free alright kids what do you think is
she gonna get her iPhone case today yes
sometimes says no side are you on here
hey I usually don't show everybody your
butt but turn around let's look at it
that is a sparkly bottom today kind of
jeans are those knees yeah well and make
your butt look shiny those are the ones
you got from Kaylie yeah like fifty
bucks or something yeah still way too
expensive dollar jeans and I would never
buy Jun that 50 bucks is still to
express that is a lot okay family
go get your iPhone case it's there I
know it do it save the day today is the
lucky day
look at that shiny bum so listen I'm
really gonna make her dance today
because you guys have been this is so
silly
here's like what just hold the lock down
cuz I thought it was fair for me to like
try to push it over here while she
unlocks but today I'm gonna actually
hold it down oh it's not there she looks
pissed
I'm gonna hold it down and she's gonna
have to dance
I cannot believe it my fat chubby
fingers are holding it down and you
can't get it you need to go dance right
there by the wall come on shake that
sparkly booty go hurry go shake that
strength you guys look at your mom okay
go dad to that lady
Gloucester she wants to dance ma'am she
would like it I'm not dancing with
people now my wife wants to dance with
you go dance with her go help her she
needs help seriously they'll go help her
now go help her
Oh Oh seriously
you see that good job mommy tardes so
you guys got to help people sometimes so
sweet I hope she gives her a nickel oh
my wife's such a nice person
Here I am wanting to dance with her and
she ends up helping her alright let's
just leave mommy tarde here okay
oh the joys of coming to the post office
here comes our a little Good Samaritan I
guess I'll let her get in the band now
you're so sweet I know something what
that is my purpose of not getting my
cell phone case but if I would have
gotten it yesterday I could not have
helped her that's true that's true even
if you would have just gotten it I'd
probably let you in the van
what'd she say she said well cuz the box
started to fall God dang and I grabbed
it and I said carry this brush though oh
you can just set it right here and like
that's okay I'll carry it in for you
it's really heavy okay
was funny cool I told her I've been
waiting for a package that hasn't come
yet
what'd she say did she say I don't care
should have you already been and I'm
like yeah go see guys it's not nice and
mommy to help out we got to help people
whenever we see people in need
like we see baby tardes us um a thumb
sucking addiction we need to help those
people yes you do have an addiction baby
tard that's the first step is admitting
it all right that's who rocked our
Steadicam Rock darts preaching Oh
all right let's go buy some stuff yeah
we got to go buy a washer and dryer
to Home Depot we go aw such a tough
choice do you think you know I like this
this is my favorite part very much I
like that you can see through and watch
the clothes wash you seriously you used
to do that as a kid I would sit there
and I'd like want to see but like on our
washer and dryer when I was growing up
when you opened it it would stop and so
there was like this little button I
figured out with the door that when it
shut it would push that button and it
would start it so I'd get a penny and
I'd wedge this penny at the little head
wedges little penny on the button so
that it would be open and I could sit
here and watch it
I don't why is that I was like I know I
was like so fascinated just stay here
and watch that the clothes wash that I
like macgyvered this penny in here to
push the button so it would run even
while the door was open yeah okay all
right that's it you guys are going into
the washing machine right there okay see
you guys I'm excited we bump it what do
you think are you think rock guard
where's our other kids they're over
there watching the TV
Hey Judy is what shouldn't what's that
that is a clear picture holy crap are
you doing please a Florida boy yeah
Dyson ball technologies paramount just
like with the wrist
swivel swivel I'll tell you what makes
the coolest mixing with the coolest
right now I'll tell you what makes you
with the coolest right now
oh it even time today what what was what
what Dyson is the best right isn't that
supposed to the best vacuum no Kirby's
are the bad I'm out of breath from just
doing that little thing well this is
good the vacuum more shayloss you guys I
am the leak of information to you there
might be something coming up I'll talk
about on my iPhone channel it has to do
with donut contest or the lack there's
gonna make a complex exciting news it's
big I can't tell you yeah it's gonna be
huge but I'll explain it later on my
iPhone on my channel so I want you
guys's help actually we're comparison
shopping we're gonna go look at Home
Depot see what they're watching dryer
situation is what ain't you cheaper her
I bet they will
I just want delivery they couldn't
deliver 30 we need a faster natera back
14 house washing clothes all about
convenience hey so now we're at Home
Depot what do you think
yes oh I like this one mama card you
like it I know I kind of said arms sides
too we get this thing I know out of
force places Oh frustrating me oh do you
like it
I'm just tired of the kids eating on the
floor that we need bar stools that and
these are pretty nice we just don't know
wait not so clear decisions decisions
you're the money man return well check
out I don't know yeah they do have a
swivel what do you think baby tart do
you like your you'll fall out of that
and crack your head open how many times
we crack your head open on that no seven
that she's like that today never just
fall off of it once let's see how it
does
okay yeah all right climb up on there
see if you can see if it works see
anything
what do you think it's a fat boy me I
guess what I wish like bucketing with it
like arm things cuz it's seat belt more
the kid yeah what's going on up there
there's music blaring throughout the
house
Carly style
what's going on dad Barney what's that
move phrase this card is your hair yeah
what am i turn on the ceiling fan when
you're upset on your bed chopped your
head off conga lines Congo
Oh
good job dancing room what is that room
the jar opener yeah that's it baby
dirtiness do the head baby dark
whoo get out ha ha ha job hold on hello
