Shaytards dog just sit back relax
they says to the team shape after his
whole family
attention people of YouTube if the video
so it makes you want to get frustrated
and be like what is the deal people
we've gone over this a million times but
I think about I'm like actually this is
a good thing because it means there's
more new people
newer there's a lot more new people to
the website which is good which means
it's growing if you ever see a video of
ours and it looks grainy it looks Pixley
that means it was just uploaded and that
the quality of the video is not
processed yet because YouTube will get
it and as soon as the video is put
together just enough so you can see it
YouTube will put it live on the site but
then it takes a while for it to process
and for it to become 720 in
high-definition
but first I don't know why and how this
happened but it's just recently you can
actually click on the 720 HD before it's
done processing and it'll give you a
clearer picture just like that now you
can't see right here but down here on
your video player on the right side
there's a little thing you click it and
up pops these numbers it says 240p 480p
or 720p HD you click on that it'll take
a minute to reload and then all of the
sudden all the pixel enos goes away and
you have HD video available let's hit
play and it's a lot clearer all of a
sudden so I just see how these comments
like oh oh she looks like you need a new
camera what's the matter with your video
quality I'm like what do you mean you
guys know this we've gone over this a
million times but I just think to myself
peace our new kids and our school these
kids just got here they don't know all
the rules and regulations so little tip
for you new youtubers or you idiots I
just click on the 7720 HD button on any
video on youtube you can and there's
even like 1080p so I'm having even
higher quality so be sure to click on
this right down here and you can see
better video
you know rainbows shake hi everybody
shake shake hi everybody
shake hi everybody shake boy nice to
meet you
good puppy Bulls nice to meet you too
daddy
what is this video excited is this your
back jumper here exciting anxiety baby
tired mommy starts making a video
excited
we're gonna go should I go check for
your iPhone case yeah because they're
probably not there anyways so so this
would be the day that it's actually that
hard and you won't even be able to get
to see it well it's never gonna be there
at this rate yeah looks good
okay me and baby chart and rock card are
going to see if the case is there and
mom cards making a video I gotta get the
kids out of the house so they don't be
loud while mommy's making a meal Randy
let's go dog here we go come here
come on it's okay get in let's get in
choler both gonna get in okay where's
the garbage game check this baby out
so we have a bunch of trees and debris
and stuff that we're gonna clean up from
our yard and I called the Sanitation
Department and I said yeah I need a big
dumpster and they brought us this thing
this morning and it is humungous about
do you like this should be our new
trailer huh trees in the rubbish put
trees in rubbish in here oh yeah uncle
Logan to come up here and help us drag
trees and branches and stuff in here
what do you think rock hard you think
mommy's case is gonna be there today
yeah you do
baby tired what do you think do you
think she's gonna get her phone case
today you do okay we're gonna let you
we'll let you put your hand in to see if
it's there okay maybe you're a lucky
charm
okay okay let's go in and see you don't
want to know you think it's gonna hurt
you no it's just a little box will open
and you get to put in and grab a few
things it's like a trap or something
it's just a mail slot come on I'll go
show ya it's a nice first you got if you
like here in your purse if you huh how
come like your mommy
just a little it's just a little thing
where we get our mail but I look inside
feet
that's where the mail comes do you see
anybody in there the Hyatt Lee baby dart
okay ready baby darts gone swimmin she
found an old swimming thing that she
used to have with you as a baby if she
wanted to wear it can't see kick your
legs like you're swimming we're at the
old house we're just cleaning up hi
bubby hi bubby
how's it going we're just trying to stay
out of the new house for a while so
mommy tart can do her video and we're
just cleaning up I'm just basically
where I'm trying to do right now is go
through all the rooms and make sure
everything is like a lot of like just a
little junk laying around we're gonna
get everything out of every room and
take it to the front room that way we
know that's all the junk that we need to
take somewhere so I'm just kind of
cleaning everything out right now I
think the way that the stairs like stuff
this baby well I think it like smash it
all down
it's such a manly man
come on Kali was happy that he starts to
look at it okay here you hold it and
he'll uh no games just look at me hey
hey hey
be on the camera hog yeah hey look at me
look at me why do parents like I'll do
the dumbest thing you see their little
babies
this is more like bridge the start is
off bunny if you think that's funny
oh you're so nice I think it's super hot
shake it mama baby baby baby oh all the
way step I say all the way but I don't
know I think you look super cute there's
all the matters to me every everybody
everybody do not lie to me
everybody has done the new shoe trip
where you get new shoes on your life a
new shoes a new suit trip it's true
you're not you super comfy it's its
birthday ticket okay here's an awful
thing still long enough new shoe you ok
shake our horses it says limited-edition
born on 8:30 2010 rhett and Link yes
do they fit me nice hey baby baby oh
rhett and Link love your shoes
BAM wait those should be the ending in
the video right kick camera Oh
