the Shaytards bug just sit back relax
follow
with his family
hey Carl what do you want me to film
like what would I film like if I were to
film something what would i film say per
se che che che che che kids sorry to say
mom's on drugs again
mommy tard we sent you through rehab and
every day I first supposed to be doing a
little voice what is that song
yes no you heard that song what it has
got like a g6 like a g6 what the g6
involved okay you see then I'm gonna do
this with the music and then you say g6
again then I'm gonna do this with the
music and we'll make a sound and sell it
she's a hater haters gonna hate
wait hate mommy time why you hating on
the g6 and some Mozart think Mozart ever
wanted to have a g6
what is it is that a car g6 I have it's
got a double happy today she's watching
the way she's selling tamales that lady
over there on the corner today is iPhone
4 case watch day for GG when did you
order this thing why is it not here yet
for like five years go when did you
order it oh really okay a week ago and
it said then email said they sent it six
or seven days no like 80 like alright
well we're headed down to the post
office this is day four this is an
ongoing series in the shade hearts light
for mommy's iPhone case okay so let's go
see if it finally arrived the house
because we've been coming here every day
for 400 days that's true but okay so
listen up guys we just drove by the
house because mommy there's like no we
have to go to the pl box first to see if
it's there but there was a box on our
step at the house so I said to mommy
guard are you sure you didn't have it
sent to the house and she's like I don't
think so
so if it's not in there and it's at the
house you're gonna get a knuckle
sandwich from this guy guess what
chicken but there's only one way to find
all right here we go
I'm not rooting for you so I'm hoping
it's not there I think it'll be
hilarious if it's at the house all right
here she goes the fourth and final
installment are you crossing your
fingers are you crossing your toes you
got your fingers crossed you guys
everybody cross your fingers think she's
gonna get it what do you think son
tightening she's gonna get it mommy
guard is silly but you probably
understand us because she's in one
school phase we're gonna give them like
1800 okay let's go to her to see if it's
there
this is nobody gave me an iPhone for a
mommy card we got some packages here
wonder what they are let's see hey Carl
what's what's going on
hey she Carl here you look funny alright
so let's open our packages my favorite
word packages check it out this is from
Charles Trippy open that I think it
noted as she said he got this he saw
this thing or I think he said his mom
found it and so he's gonna send it to me
do that again Francis tart oh you took
it off of him he's trying to eat it okay
open it what is it let's see Charles
would you send us Oh
i pooed rock turn check it out look what
you got dude everybody can tell that's a
piece you're wearing a toupee you can't
hide it weirdo oh cool check yourself
open up who did that that's your face
wanna see Tina Fey and Jay T to pee on
the Netflix there what is that from
Business Report that's cool
what papers up from Bloomberg briefing
Internet products ready to challenge
cable TV cool depen that's a cool thing
about what a package takes a long time
because that you freaking about it but
then you get it you're like oh yeah
that's for rhett and Link they're at
their own freaking shoebox where's my
shoe and check it out heart thick as a
guitar pick right in the threaten good
that's like my favorite new shoes
this is lap down then you can like like
interchange it with cool stuff in here
yeah I see yours but links he's even in
there you in the shoes red look at my
fat stinky feet on your face is
rhettandlink those are my friends don't
forget these friends from the internet
they got their own shoe why don't we
have our own shoe sure
let's make art will make Shaytards shoes
say card
for mommy she's gonna write a new song I
am I've got some song fired they match
I'm blue today yeah cool okay you guys
if you remember from a long time ago
what did we find in this house when we
very first moved into it this is a crazy
story if you haven't heard it when we
bought this house probably four years
ago it was totally empty everything was
completely empty in this house except
for one thing and the first thing we
started moving our stuff in to the house
we found this one thing and we were like
this I'm gonna show it to you now and if
you've been watching the vlogs long
enough you know what I'm talking about
already it's just been sitting here for
four years I don't know it was in here
it's probably worth like thirty million
dollars and it's like a Praia Chinese
emperors old knife or something
what you've turned the beard into a
mullet don't take that off leave the
sheath on I don't think we should take
it to the new house I think we should
leave it here because this is its home
if we take it to the new house it could
all send her into bad luck how do you
know
did you see the Brady Bunch who Greg
Brady found found that like totem and he
wore it he lost the surf competition and
he hit the repos died you never know or
maybe it could like it could be like the
protector of our family let's go ask
mommy tart honey what if this is good
luck what if this is like the art family
Kretz they like is like the protector of
our family are you sure yeah so we
should leave it here huh Thanks so so
we're gonna leave you here because I
don't know I'm gonna take it though well
I mean we still own this house so if we
ever if we ever sold it I think I would
take this but anyways random dagger of
death that we found in this house we
first bought it we're gonna leave it in
the exact spot that we found it right up
here shelf of this cabinet all right
what do you guys think do you think we
should leave it here
or take it to our new house Thunder
what's a think that's awesome let me
know what you guys think we should do
with it
rock turned out it needs to have an
intervention he's has a sucking on his
hand addiction you're hurting yourself
can't you see it
no just say no please why why won't you
accept help we're offering you please
can't you see we want the old rock dart
back euros
Hey he was laughing a little baby-baby
little rock hard forever and ever
what's that I'm I'm seeing a songs that
show you and I like always trader but
let's see it ready hi you're supposed to
do his hand
come on wait say it again
I've been dreaming about true love's
kiss
and the prince I'm hoping comes with
acuity laughs Prince I hope it comes
with it and the Prince it hopefully
comes we dreaming up sing it
I know it's good it mom's coffee my
prince come here you guys you're my
prince
what I'm gonna cut your hand off yeah
he's trying to do baby tard baby Tom
singing again that's so pretty when you
sing it drew it one two one two three go
all right singing I the battery's about
to die that means we're done vlogging
no that's that song I need not so easy
I'm making up now it's time to say hi to
all our family sha
oh yeah like that's why it's that that
say to a happy but that was good that we
both heard smelling Shh ours for you saw
the SH why we're so shy over the sides
ours
thank you tomorrow is those shy
