Changez a toy truck
Chase has to the Bing shade as with his
cool
Wow these kids in America whoa what's up
dog you just singing ooh sounds that
something I don't know he is so precious
it takes him yeah whoa why did I bet my
head hey hey yup I'm Kang it takes him a
minute to focus like he hears the voice
and he's always like where is he then I
like come to the middle of the ball hey
hey yeah shy baby come on give me a
smile give me a smile come on smile hey
hey hi ha ha he was oh he's upstairs hey
hey I feel your smile a little bit
hey you all over it fine
jerk Oh stupid out I'm not a smart man
how is school what do you eatin is that
a Jolly Rancher Cuyler oh sweet what did
you learn today did you learn anything
huh no they come with candy but they did
learn and grow Hey Dude what's up dog
yeah sup diggity dog
nice shirt it's really loud isn't it
Jerome's clean come on let's go look
let's go make sure they're clean oh oh I
go to go clean my room
what are you doing the book was a fun
keep them in the bud you better run
better run get I'm gonna count to three
I'm gonna chase it
one two think a three go fun what is it
alright let's see Pepper's room is
cleanest gets a treat how about that huh
let's go in here all right
that's aren't made at all shoes those
are mom's shoes those don't count son
dirt Senor cleaning his room wait a
minute huh that's not made I don't know
but there's not as much stuff on the
floor but there's only one of you or in
the other room there's two girls gonna
give us a tour of your closet show us
what's going on in here explain what's
going on in your closet nothing's going
on
you got a nice little shoe rack those
are soccer cleats
you know are you gonna play basketball
Mama's tell me you're in sign up for
basketball
she changed my mind she she wants it to
be summer until I play basketball yeah
you're kind of doing a lot of stuff
right now it's hard to sign you up for
18 different things at once why would
you ever sport well maybe we'll sign you
up I don't know laughs come on all right
you guys girls come on when you get in
your room and clean it girls are messy
little buggers come on
clean up your crap when you get you guys
a dresser huh this I'll have a dresser
you get your dresser no clothes on the
hanger sky clean it up quit bitin the
Barbie tail yeah what hey can you jump
from that bed to that bed no too far are
you a motorcycle
dude don't hurt your stuff of it not
quite how about you princess are kita Oh
raagh tarde
oh my PDF and fee you're so cute and
even matches your onesie dude
that means like you said darn you like
your hat yeah you look good you look
good hi hi hi is my buddy
Andrea your buddy who's my little woody
who's my little buddy yeah my little
buddy that's my little buddy right here
is the little buddy
hey little buddy how are you who are you
it was that commercial my little buddy
oh my my body my wherever I go he goes
to my buddy my buddy my buddy and me and
then there was kids sister kid sister
wherever I go she got to kid sister kid
sister get it through me diversion yeah
I was wanted when I was when I was a kid
I was like a little my buddy why don't I
get a buddy I don't have any friends
that's that toy is basically made for
kids who don't have friends kids who are
home-schooled had a lot of my little
buddies just sitting around
are you homeschooled then you're a loser
ha ha ha ha just kidding you're not not
too high
holy where's my baby boy he likes it
dirty like yeah now he's gonna be still
in your hat all the time like you still
mine he's starting to roll around too
yeah I kind of felt bad because prince
is tired but when she jumped from the
bed she knocked the wind out of her and
she's like oh that's like for you ok so
she's taking a nap or can I go see if
she's okay
mommy guard oh you went sucker come here
sucker
she just chewed on an eraser
I liked I've actually chewed on a racer
before it's hard that's hard
hey are you still alive hey pumpkin
Hey you okay
you want to go to the store and get a
treat do you want to get a treat
hey tell you wanna go get some candy no
girl do you wanna go get some starbursts
and some chocolate where's Arthur we're
gonna go get some total way that's on
Barbara's so yo I'm gonna go get down
some chocolate yeah okay okay you have
to give me you have to give me a kiss on
the cheek before I wake you some
chocolate I see you're smilin I see
you're smiling hey you want to get ha ha
ha ha
yeah right in the ear oh why does that
make her laugh yeah
lastly you find violence funny ah what's
so funny about violence Oh blocked it
baby walkman mama she's quick with Randy
she's quick she is her days doctor cami
yeah yeah me ready come on cool
up all right you taking out the wall
gonna treat later okay okay look right
now no you have to have the key right
now let's go we're going to get a treat
by what are you doing yeah I'm sweating
for my Phoenix powers down so wait wait
what was that last part you said you're
wiping the counter zone maybe you know
how it goes around your eyes look at
that I can see your reflection
hi Paula feign to look at that window
I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm you see
the smudges oh yeah holy smudging pants
punch Bob's much like a little Nazi
because I'm just like remember the other
day when I was talking about getting a
nice car or a nice truck and I don't
want to because I just feel like I can't
relax I'm like don't don't watch don't
get too close
that's how I'm feeling with this house
like the kids like I could see
handprints on the walls right here right
there like that can you see any
pregnancy at the camera it's like a
perfect temperate can you see it I can't
see it to get out of the circle come to
this angle
oh yeah is it I had the camera can't
anyways it always reminds me of the
there's a Family Circus remember when I
was a kid like we'd always get papers on
Sunday like the Sunday morning paper was
always the big paper oh yeah with the
funnies yeah now it always like Phil
even as a kid like 11 12 years old I'd
feel like a
because I've been reading the Sunday
paper I don't know I read the funnies
and I'd only read like four of them
because I didn't get the other one but
always always always read the Family
Circus and it was always just like one
little one little cartoon with like a
caption of the kids saying something
funny and I said this one of the videos
before where we were talking about the
grass and the picture was of it's like
you could see above and it was like a
fence in the middle it was the backyard
of two houses and the one was the Family
Circus house where there's like trails
and bikes and toys just crap all over
the graphs and the other house like the
grass was like perfect the bushes were
trimmed and everything and the the dude
who lived in this house was leaning over
the fence and the dad owned this house
was leaning over the fence and he goes
look at your grass like was saying like
she hard looks like crap and the dads
like well we're raising kids on grass
so sometimes it's like you got to keep
that in mind cuz I'm just like dying
white why do you have to here's Prince
to start today I come in here I'm in
here here's Prince to start come out
here eatin oh she did she had like her
corn she's recording like this like
picture hittin up the wall what are you
doing she's like has jello all over hand
she's like I'm like so sometimes just
going to like we're raising kids not
clean walls proof line right there to
watch to that so that's why we're right
there yeah for all the fly lovers out
there oh yeah I just killed one of your
friends yes anyways so keep the freaking
house mean you guys must be something
cool to about this house
look at this uh need some dirt it's dirt
look at this simply cool ended a lot so
if you're sweeping your floor right and
you get your big pile as a door here so
cute you're like yeah so right you get
your big pile of dirt here on the ground
then you open this bent and you and it's
the vacuum it's a central vac Eunice
sucks it out too big thing so you kick
this your foot the dirt
then you turn it off and so all the dirt
here's a little bit of dirt
you should get your broom you sleep in
there's like so you never need a dustpan
sorry dustpan makers of America you're
now obsolete that's cool
uh okay there's too much housecleaning
for shake are all alright who won front
over corn why I keep this or throw it
away okay what's the corn it really is
this is a really good corn today good
all right over now cut mmm
