okay here we go who's ready for one
takes Sunday I'm ready I got my bo staff
I'll sure pin the ends of this yeah like
a popsicle on a street sidewalk oh shut
the ends of this
I got freakin sweet most deaf skills um
I don't know I have this but I like to
like swing it around like I'm a karate
dude okay so you guys one do one take
Sunday what do you wanna do what should
we do
I wanna sit my office or you guys want
to get a little tour of the house let's
do it all right well let me disclaimer
it's a nice house you guys that's gonna
be very obvious as we show it to you
one funny thing that's notable is this
is a main reason why we moved back to I
know because this house is a thousand
dollars cheaper per month then the
little two-bedroom rental we had in
Venice Beach remember the little one
with a tire swing in the tree right
there in Venice literally to rent that
Doulos it was a two-bedroom two-bath had
a one car garage and this house to buy
is $1,000 a month less basically I
bought this house with potatoes and cows
that's what it's like in Idaho you can
barter they still have the bartering
system I traded my father's next year
corn crop for this house I'm just
kidding but the point is things are
cheap in Idaho okay so we have a lot of
people over today it's kind of a crazy
house so let's go say hi to everybody
Oh daddy I know you a whole lot son tard
okay so we're having a little barbecue
today we got the Casey tards and the
Carly tardes in the kitchen what do you
Casey are you cooking those know you're
the grill master you know how to cook
the meat Steel's and I cooked a
hamburger last night you guys
corn on the go
homemade frosting and my red bellick is
cooking so you guys get on them can I
open it sub dog okay so that's the
kitchen
I'll show you guys this the other night
this is the formal dining room this is
the fitting room you guys have seen all
this uh okay the entryway here's the
front door there's Isis hey that's a
light that makes things easier to see
this is the bathroom
mom I got a do one Zeke Sunday not
really footage I put these granite
countertops in also this is an under
mount thanks mom what is this this is
new look it's so cute it's like Tinker
Bell's little house hi okay go in there
go sweet little candle all the bedrooms
this is what's upwards Waldo I found you
your books X well that we have to do on
Where's Waldo yes baby card
let's show me a room show us your room
come on let's show everybody your room
no I see it great to start you want to
give us a tour of your room let's see it
come on show me
lots of messing do you love it
what's your favorite part about your new
room I'd say that's safe to say all
right so this is the girls room I got a
you know what do you want I got beds
finally they're not all sleeping in the
same bed rumor that in LA
literally all three kids same room same
bed bathroom it's really nice cuz they
all have like their own little drawers
busy stuff to go to the potty is the
shower should we show them where the
magic happens mommy time where the magic
happens
Bow Wow Wow here's our bed where's Rock
tarde he's sleeping in there we still
don't have like any furniture yet
there's our lamp I don't know what to
show we shouldn't we should have
actually done a cribs thing now it'd
have been funny like on the shake Carla
Channel maybe we'll do one later I
figured you guys are freaking out you
want to see it okay this is our bathroom
this is where we also go poopoo in the
potty but show more closet there's her
closet
there's mommy's clothes and mommy's
shoes and I picked this out you guys I
picked out the combo I liked the white
bath rug with the towels and there's a
tub these cabinets actually are Hickory
knotty Hickory really nice wood it's
really hard that's what you want in a
wood this is really cool to check this
out well he isn't building here they
listen
attention family would everybody please
shut your mouths I'm vlogging here
I love you Jerry your grandpa said crazy
man okay now in the East Wing we go to
Casa de Carly this is her room she's got
a you know stuff in here
here's the Carly and Cooper and when
he's a little baby so precious and it's
actually cool cuz she has her own little
bathroom so it's like our own little
apartment place to hang out
so yeah Carly and Cooper in here this is
the laundry room
we thought we got a washer/dryer yet so
we're going like back and forth to the
other house to clean the clothes so uh
yeah that's it this is actually Sun
tarred and rock tards room when he's old
enough to sleep in the crib he'll sleep
in there but that send her to bed isn't
he a good boy he made his bed I came in
there today I was like son did you make
your bed he's like yeah you're such a
good boy that's where we live this is
the entryway - it's like a little uh you
know through the garage but good science
that everybody boo boo boo dude who's
gonna do what are you talking about so
anyways so she was gonna get a new guy
so Robin knew all about this hey hey hey
baby tired and that's the deck
all right so there we go we made it back
in the office so yeah we're just havin a
big old Sunday barbecue with all the
family and just hanging out
I'm at a brick house but this is it
we're super happy to be here and it's
kind of like a dream come true really um
what a ride what a ride I was sitting
there thinking the other night I've been
doing YouTube for almost three years now
and it just feels like it's getting
better and better and bigger and bigger
and it's like such a relief just in my
mind in the mind of a husband and of a
father just to be able I finally feel
like I found like what I want to do and
it's so weird it's like what do you want
to do when you grow up and I don't know
it's I know exactly how to explain it
but I don't know if I want to say
entertain people or whatever but it's a
dream and it's like too good to be true
like I really like every day I get a
nervous my cow this is gonna come to an
end one day but for now it's uh it's a
good time in our lives and I appreciate
you guys for being a part of it the
people who support us so see you guys
tomorrow I'm sweating it's hot in here
we'll turn up the AC okay bye see ya
we'll take Sunday in the books
