I realized follow along to the thing
Shaye's
say does what is cold
son tarde has an announcement to make
he walked in here and he had like the
biggest grin on his face like I need to
tell you something but I don't know if I
should tell you so what happened son
turn what she kissed her on the cheek
yeah what's her name what did Corinne
say she only came in from recess they
got a drink she didn't know how she was
still in her classroom she didn't know
well you two-timing son of a muskrat so
Corinne doesn't even know that you got
kissed what if she finds out dude there
what are we gonna do what are we gonna
do about hey did you tell her not to
kiss you you say these cheeks are from
my mom and dad only keep your dirty
sleazy lips awesome yes now on I'm
serious you can say that if the girl
gives you say keep your dirty sleazy
lips off my cheeks they're for my mom
and dad only no take out two words lips
and take did you like it did you like
what she kissed you you did what did you
say to her I said why did she give you
you dirty sleazy funky card you gonna
tell your sisters that you got kissed go
get the girls let's see their reaction I
bet you I know why she wanted to kiss
you
let's see how shirt huh that's vintage
shaycarl shirt was that a big hit at
school did you get me a lot of more
subscribers that's what I'm gonna do
honey I just got a brilliant idea
oh we're gonna make all of our kids wear
shaycarl shirts through their entire
school experience and literally by
time they graduate in the 13 years that
they go to school all the classmates
like okay will subscribe to your dad
already girls son tired as something to
tell you
come here baby tired put your card
listen to what your well listen what
happened to your big brother today tell
him can you guys believe that yeah no
big deal dad happens all the time what
do you guys think another girl's putting
their lips on your brother do you like
that or not I don't like it either
give me five tell him tell son guards
they keep those girls off you yeah you
need to watch out for those dirty sleazy
girls trying to kiss son tard yeah sorry
do you like this girl so what you what's
up what's your name again
hey do you like hailey better than
Corinth who do you like better geez
these are the days of our lives
first grader drama my dad that's what I
want
teller don't kiss anymore okay so you're
too young for that
exactly yeah let's do that
18s better yep all right well I guess
good job on getting some action today
with these crazy firemen out on the road
donations I want to give mine to the
pretty girl not you go away I want the
pants how much for the pants hey you
guys a smell athan is about to take
place
hold the Muppet Show check out what we
just got three boxes from Yankee Candle
America's best-loved Ken doll love I'm
like oh it's a love candle ooh
they want a sec another baby are you
freakin boxes let's open I'm so excited
okay here we are day two of Mommy going
to see if her phone cases here crossed
that guy's fingers across - Oh mommy
turn double-crosses she's st. doing
double crosses are you guys cross your
fingers right now come on the power of
the Cross sees it's totally gonna help
you guys who's crossing your fingers it
won't really matter I mean this is
ridiculous because by the time that you
see this the event will have already
open now today we have Malachi here
do you have the keys today okay let's
see if I can do better today oh here we
go here we go you fast at least there's
something to look forward to
mami tardes late for diamond-encrusted
iphone tune in tomorrow we come back to
the post office oh you haven't seen each
other for a while
oh you guys love each other cute
Logan where's your pants we believe in
changing oil in the nerds Oh take your
shirt off dead yeah well mom it's you
all dressed up and ready to go no you're
beautiful
some people will yell at me in the
comments for calling mama tard ha they
say why don't you tell her she's
beautiful
sorry you're beautiful no I just where
you guys going what's a 42 crap right
we're doing a craft a craft sounds like
a lot of crap I'm not interested in on
conversation anymore let's go see what's
going on over here did you miss that
Cooper Oh
Rooney hey curly guess what I just got
in the mail yep three huge boxes of
Yankee Candles no they're all for me and
my desk
stink up the house worse than any much I
do I'm gonna line them all up I'm gonna
do a suicide I'm gonna light them all up
like all however many are in that box
there's be like 50 mm I'm gonna light
them all at the same time in my office
naked and just go Yankee Candle senator
that's your new theme song
congratulations
don't send my mama tea there's mango
salsa me I don't know the boxes are in
the van you want to open a machine
wolves to the slaughter I don't even
know they come up by the base okay is
that mom you can have it for 18 never
smoked you rock Yankee Candle
don't you think oil
Oh essence of oil cinnamon I love that
one that's a favorite motorcycle oil
what y'all watch him so the girl is my
mom and Carly and mommy tartar all going
to the stupid crap thing and that means
I've it's an awesome crap thing you'll
be funny I just thought is what if I
light all those candles and we burned
down our new house and then I end up
suing Yankee Candle for millions of
dollars
I shouldn't say that Yankee Candle thank
you I'm just easy he nice Malachi
Malachi is trying to murder your dog he
bite them on the jugular buggin catch
this if you catch this I'll give you a
gang key candle ready one two
oh no Yankee Candles for you loser one
more that's
oh yeah you should
ready one two perfect throw
good thing I'm such a good thrower I
mean it looks cool that you do a
backflip you catch it but it's all on
the perfect throw the throws not there
it's impossible
call me John Elway and you're what come
on to saccular face let's try it no turn
around don't be a wuss I won't I'll love
it
just keep your eyes open okay here you
turn around ready one two three
I hate you right in the numbers dude all
you do is wrap it up write the numbers
all right last time Betty don't miss
this one two three nice catch check out
the Yankee Candle setup boom Shakalaka
mommy tart has already laid claim to
those yeah pantry here's the pantry
here's our here's our food that we will
use someday oh I love this is that was
Harry doing I actually saw this did they
tit there they took some away yeah there
was more oh maybe they moved on yeah
okay so this is this room right here
what do you call this room yep so this
is a room me I'm not a room well you're
on I guess you're hot that's why it's a
room where you sit and you talk about
the economy yeah
it's an off-limits room it's a nice room
where adults
her dolls hang out so it's kind of like
a nice little living room whatever tell
him about this table tell him that his
table was not our table well it was
mom's idea okay so this is like the
formal dining room basically this is
where we will eat beef stroganoff and
asparagus someday someday we'll have
dinner in that room we will show you
more later but for now that is all
thanks for coming on the tour of the new
 Carl house and please remember stop
tripping balls
when you trip balls
