the Shaytards bug just sit back relax
follow
with his family
Rock card it is the 600,000 six six
hundredths Shaytards video today and I
don't really have anything cool planned
dang it I really wanted to do something
cool but it snuck up on me and all
sudden I saw in comments today it's like
oh crap
today is the sixth video so we have to
try to think of something cool to do
today for the video but right now at
local football game where is he
52 K Logan's number 52 wanna see him
right there 52 right there the game he
won defense teamwork we played both
sweet dog you should play underneath
that on top of the ball I played up and
and both sides boom
say long shot using my face
yeah
oh goodness
yeah she just drop those you shake this
button okay let's see it ready come baby
turn said daddy can I do the hula poop
she called it a hula
yeah it'd be embarrassing if I couldn't
get this over my body
hey excited yeah you're excited that's
my favorite catchphrase are you excited
to see my iPhone cape so spoiled so so
spoiled spoiled little brat we gotta
peel box but I'm not telling you guys
she's going to say if her iPhone case is
here I would tell you guys the peel box
but I just I really don't want no him to
get spoiled and you guys I know else
well somebody got cold for Christmas hey
I got more bad news too I just got a I
just got a fax in our fax machine in the
van the fax said you can't get in the
van
tell you do the running man and three
jumping jacks sorry I know it's it's I I
can't there's nothing I can do about it
I just got a fax oh I'll just lock it
again I'm gonna be quick you gotta be
quick
good stuff
hey I didn't know this but uh Ally you
made Charles do a booty shake the other
day to get in their car when Charles are
booty-shaking brothers and sisters
serious sir do you think we should tell
people our P o box
I just I don't know why I'm thinking I
just don't want it one honestly I just I
don't want the kids to have a bunch of
stuff that you guys send and then I
always feel guilty when so he gives us
something I just feel like I have to
give him a big shot out in the video or
like send a thank-you card and that's
just that's gonna put a lot on my plate
it's me a lot of pressure does that
selfish is that selfish I don't want you
to send me things because I don't want
to have to say thank you just don't give
me anything and then I won't feel bad
for not saying thank you to everybody
I'll just yeah thank you every day I
mean he's already doing nothing but
watching our videos you don't need that
stuff some people have actually though
some people have found our address we
said we're going somewhere else no
because we don't want to be murdered in
our sleep a lot of you guys like that's
why didn't you tell us you were moving
 thought we were close well cuz
there's some psychos out there
we gotta understand that that's why we
don't invite you guys all over to a
barbecue are you picking your nose what
are you doing you're pointing to your
brain what was I gonna say
it's our 600 video today 600 we're not
doing anything cooler special what's our
problem what is there something special
on our thousands video I know we could
do we'll just end the vlogs today the
six hundredth video it's done okay
that's the big thing that we're doing
for a 600-foot we're quitting okay guys
it's nice no Nia we're all done thanks
for watching our videos yes in dirt dude
I'm trying to quit our vlogs right here
oh crap balls I just passed our house
it's cuz we're not little living there
anymore
pizza starts like you just passed our
house we live in a new house no I'll
call grandma right now and see if she
can get the Hat okay anyways like I was
saying thanks for watching her vlogs but
they're over okay see you never again
bye we're watching old videos of Logan
I'm gonna upload him baby what are we
eatin for Dindin shoot tacos you guys
were scared that I was really gonna end
the vlog huh you guys totally believed
me hey Dawg just chilling out here
meeting somebody eating is it good taco
soup mom is so nice for making that
I have a couch in the back of my truck
that's gonna be Malachi's we decided
we've decided that Malachi's getting old
yeah you can get on there so what I I'm
gonna wash the couch and I need to give
Malachi another bath cuz he still kind
of smells like skunk
sure yeah climb on everything yeah let's
just treat things like they don't matter
huh yeah sure
climb on stuff you gonna climb up come
on you like Tarzan
Oh get your hand up there ready put your
other hand in my hand ready 1 2 3 oh the
truck listen you guys don't get on the
band though ok the Vans nice dad's truck
the piece of crap but don't get on the
van don't fall off either your mom will
yell at me if one of you die she'll cry
make me sleep on the couch in the back
of the truck is what do you die I'll be
sleeping out here with Malakai food or
did you some company out here it gets
lonely sad jump on the couch sure baby
charge this goes Princess hard my daddy
said I could jump on the couch ah you
guys are PDP
this is getting a little crazy now maybe
I should listen
click the start you're gonna clog it up
on here huh
I'm upon here each one just drinking out
of the bottle huh oh that's that's good
that's good storage you folks will love
this house as great stewards not say
