a toy truck just sit back relax
I think it's safe to say we've got a
dancer on our hands just some he was my
favorite singer make Oh jack no now I
have to disown us my son what did you
say about you said Justin Bieber then
Michael Jackson who's your favorite just
say Michael Jackson kay say Michael
Jackson's your favorite cuz he's the
classic and then you see Justin Bieber
it might be a favor now but I kill
probably just you know he'll get only
get puberty and then he won't be Justin
Bieber kidrauhl cool who's your favorite
princess tard no say Tupac Shakur is
your favorite say I love Tupac Shakur
jeez that's it no more Nickelodeon or
Disney Channel for you guys we're gonna
watch Soul Train 24/7 okay you ready to
see freaky bug we found this in the
basement and I don't know you guys this
you guys are gonna be our Google search
look at this bug I'm not gonna throw it
on it I don't know what kind of bug this
is so you guys look at this it is
freaking huge and weird-looking it was
right next to a both a scorpion there's
a scorpion also downstairs so check out
this bug it's freaky
what's that baby tired and he has a hurt
leg that's how he's doing that we don't
know yeah that's why we're asking
everybody to look at it and tell us if
they think it is but it is big is it
scary you're scared it's pretty big huh
futures but not like this steel it's the
pincers on his mouth what do you think
it is
doctor vote son leave it in the comments
below and be sure to vote on what you
think it is open the door go get
something so you can see the size what
is this thing look at them like little
pinchers on it all it's for communal
sorry if this is freaking people out at
home is its giant let me see if I can
show you like my finger
what is that it's like a striped back he
has long legs and he has pinchers
there's a spoon that is a big creepy bug
what is it it's like a giant ant but
like it oh geez
okay centaurs being brave don't we hit
it hard don't get a hard is it inside
there yeah can I put the lid on it
good job good job dude you're top you
only do the competition what are you
gonna do that again
when you're not sick and tired son guard
look at your mom's face not to day I am
tired but yeah it's that time
oh my goodness gracious George
Hamilton's face on that is it Hamilton
oh no it's George Hamilton but I think
it's Hamilton
here's your Hamilton that's worth 10
pennies that's is from the state of
Connecticut welcome Connecticut quarters
to the Shaytards vlog and you have no
money on your hands arts what chicken
butt
my chicken butt was so powerful minute
fault my friend yes
and German coins and nice can they get
me Sherman coins yes well that's very
nice okay guys come on let's go it's so
hard to say goodbye to yesterday the
good sense you take that to the house
cool
kill so uh yeah we got pretty much
everything cleaned out and we didn't
tell you guys
our secret did anybody notice I don't
think anybody noticed some people might
over they didn't say anything let go
it's like echoey in here yeah the house
is pretty much empty and we're gonna
have a sweepstakes and give it away to
one of you the viewers and you can move
into our house that's not gonna happen
actually um I'm not gonna tell you what
we're gonna do it's a secret because you
don't get to know everything you don't
get to know all the information I don't
know classic your mom glass your mom
whether it is first what is that we just
got it the mail from Walmart I'm in
trouble I'm in trouble
what are you doing hey people want to
know what you're talking about in the
vlog the other day all right bye dude
either you need to talk to Katie left
there right love you bye
gonna look here so I basically got
everything packed up that I need that I
actually use oh wait I need to start
using that again that's a touchy subject
should I bring my calendar for the new
house we had a fun little thing but you
guys think we had a fun little thing
going where I write things on the on the
dry erase board and you guys would see
him every day
oh me too I wrote that on there yeah so
we're just trying to get the house
totally cleaned out but we're just
taking our time and I don't think I'm
gonna leave these bookcases here cuz I
like drill them into the wall so I think
I'm just gonna leave them here but we'll
bring all our books and my candles hey
guess what also Yankee Candle is sending
us some free candles you know yea Yankee
Candle contacted me they're gonna send
us some free candles what I'm vlogging
anyways another thing t-shirts I have a
few left here in this closet that I'm
gonna probably sell in the next couple
days just to get rid of them just
because they're here and this is cool
here Kendall's sit there this is cool
these are original these are from back
in the day these are vintage shaycarl
shirts I made these shirts probably two
years ago and we still have a few they
say subscribe to shaycarl youtube.com
slash shaycarl and then on the back
you've seen it my dad's worm one it says
does this make me look fat that was one
of my early catchphrases oh the memories
this is a size large
who wants a size large vintage shake
Carlos shirt I think I have like 20 of
them then here's some beard card shirts
I don't know what sizes I have I'll
figure it out and it's just gonna be
like a first-come first-served there's
like 60 total and they're just specific
sizes so if you guys want one of those
be watching for it I'm probably only
announcing on my iPhone channel so if
you do want a shirt a subscribe to life
on channel and I'll tell you about when
and where and what sizes I have and
everything so subscribe okay let's go
what's going on in here we got some
pizza making going on this dinner tarde
we better have some super delicious
dinner targets going on in here
yours are making your very own pizza you
got your crust putting on your sauce for
two starts applying a little bit of
cheese there some turns really softened
it up Tiffany we've got some pepperonis
here did you make these already honey
did you make these homes already are
those for those are for you who are they
for
well what do you don't know like you
just think such a giver such a giver
such a maker okay ah don't take all the
cheese because I will probably want a
lot of it how does that she smelled it
oh here let me help you there you go hey
you guys now that you know that we live
in this new house man what what a shorts
been keeping us a secret listen to this
little tidbit of information guess who
did these granite countertops that's
right mama card today this it's so I
can't oh I'm so like I was like didn't
want to tell you guys the stirring
forever when we came to look at this
house I was we came in the kitchen and
mommy cards like oh my gosh that's my
dream
and there's two ovens and she's so happy
because she loves it it's like part of
the house because like the family rooms
in there and in my office is in there
she doesn't feel like she's like in the
dungeon slaving away anyway so she
walked in and she's like this is my
dream kitchen she's like who get the
kids a bunch of we haven't got him yet
we get barstools you know that we can
line around here anyway she's like all
googoo and gone over the kitchen and I'm
like wait a minute
this kitchen looks really familiar to me
and sure enough about four years ago I
put the granite countertops in this
kitchen when this house was first built
I actually installed it yeah I used to
do granite countertops and I knew
because when I looked under here we used
to always put this sub decking right
here this is particle board and we used
to always put it on there for support
and I knew that that was our that was my
countertop so well I mean isn't that
crazy
we're down living in a house or I did
the granite countertops and these seams
this like a seam right here cuz you have
to seam the granite together it's so
smooth I sure did a good job and four
years later my kids are sitting up to
the Gannet countertops making pizza that
I fabricated and installed it's pretty
cool
pretty cool moment pretty cool story and
you know what my name is probably
underneath these countertops because a
lot of times whenever we glue these down
I would have the caulk gun and I would
write my name because we'd have to put
glue under to glue them down I would
usually like write my name I'd write a
really big and then we'd put the
countertops down so if we pulled these
up my name might be actually underneath
these countertops
cool let's rip them up right now
chance and Charley's are there Charlie's
15 and decent wonderfully talented
graphic designer really says us why he
rocked harder watch her notes video I
know he loves it our YouTube
subscriptions seriously go away we're
watching our YouTube page F and P hey
what about that for a t-shirt idea
played a dozen P see ok so you have
different levels PDP you know pretty
darn precious PDP is pretty darn
precious but if something is super duper
precious its PD F&P
well me being a mother named chocolate
I'm like ya know in the oven know what
it's Evan stands for like fully pretty
darn fully precious effing you don't
wanna say like holy on a t-shirt
pretty darn fully precious that's a
effin it's fully
F and fully pretty darn effing precious
PDF and P so you would spell F and yep
I'm gonna spell it
PDF f IM p p d and caps lowercase e FF i
n caps P P D F and P you get it somebody
did that t-shirt design and sent it to
me and this guy wants to wear because he
is PDF and P go ahead we're watching
we're watching our note we're watching
our uncle melts with you
