Shaytards dog just sit back relax
they says to the team shape after his
whole family
hi how's my baby
hey are you so freaking cute I wanna be
a love you love you love you okay so
we're taking Malachi to Petco because he
has a dinky puppy it's not that bad I
don't think he like fully got sprayed by
a skunk let's remember from the other
day when I was out of town and he got
outside and apparently got sprayed by a
skunk and it's not that bad because it's
like seems like one side of him got it
by the other side didn't there's there's
no puppy good and ready to go good as
bad surgical boy he's been sleeping
outside I felt him looks like really
nice bed outside with all these old
pillows so he had in this old bender he
has he's been sleeping outside because
he sneaks ok daddy I'm tired of smelling
like food let's go inside no that's not
the door where we going ok let's go this
way I want to sleep inside from now on I
don't like it in the garage
because it's a lot of fun do you
remember oh is that it can you hear a
baby tired here do you remember riding
the bus when you're a kid yes I remember
one time we at the last day of school we
jumped out of the back of the bus we
opened the door and open that door and
it'd be like we're like so why don't we
jump down we're like it's elastic
we just like ram's fast as we could I
used to be a school bus driver when I
was a school bus driver I remember one
day there was like I was like I drove
home like junior high kids I think was
seventh and eighth kids and I noticed
the every day this is during the winter
every day I dropped them off they'd
start making snowballs and throwing
snowballs at each other and the bus had
like a microphone it was like on the
outside of the bus like a little PA
system and so one day when I dropped him
off I put on the thing I'm like hey I
dare you guys to try to hit me with the
butt or hit me hit the bus with the
snowballs and they all sat there for a
minute like what and so I'm like come on
hit me as I was driving away exactly I
remember as a kid I'm like oh man it's
such a big yellow target I'd love to
throw a snowball at it and so these kids
started chucking snowballs at the bus
and so then like I had to like stop them
because then every day literally they
would get off the bus and the first
dudes off the bus would start making
snowballs and making these little piles
of them and they had they like seriously
had the strategy these kids would be on
the back of the bus and they would get
off slowly but their two friends would
get off as fast as possible and they'd
make these little piles of snowballs so
that as soon as their other friends
caught off the bus and I started to take
away they would just tell the frickin
box but like 20 snowballs it was
hilarious so like soon as the last kid
got off I'm about to shut the door I try
to drive away as fast as possible and I
got so ridiculous that I kind of tell
them oh hey you guys you got to stop
that cuz you're gonna break a window one
of these days
but they loved it for like four days in
a row we did it and it was like so funny
was like this little game we had
they are they the first one off there he
is Suns hard there she is
princes dog have fun at school today is
have fun best day ever
didn't kiss any girls did you didn't you
didn't kiss any boys did you print
starred no thundered got a note from a
girl that likes him what's her name
Corrine and he's gonna open it and I
said come here open I want to see what's
in this thing so they get the camera out
and he goes Oh seriously you want to get
this yes we need to document your love
all right
there's that what is that Batman what is
that she said to bat yeah and what's
that on the back oh what's that mean
does she love you think so
do you love her yes what you're in love
already
hey we're homeschooling the kids I just
think she's cute
all right open it let's see what's in
this love note this bat slash heart
slash pencil slash book sonnet of love
from Corrine all right I need two
ballerinas please there's one ballerina
I need another ballerina up near comes
the second ballerina with a flower in
her hair very precious
there's my third ballerina of such a
pretty one
all right girls have fun at Dance class
I love you there they go off to be on
you had dance li yesterday and they have
dance today it's a rotating dance-a-thon
here at the rock Georgeann shower hole
two three four my baby don't mess around
because you let me go and this I know fo
sho
hey you hungry you chewed on your fifth
cutie face
I'm tired it just asked me if I want to
hear a really funny joke do i boy do I
ever
all right let's hear a dog Oh sounds
dirty if you're in kindergarten tune out
now Oh sexy is he wearing a shirt I
can't
okay okay the principal spring don't
touch my buns don't just real those many
touches
who told ya tis a long joke that's to
say the least
that was a 57 minute long drove who told
you that
oh she told the joke yeah well good I
thought you learned it at school I was
like oh geez what are they teaching you
at these schools well I'm surprised you
actually like yeah you remembered it I
got the gist of it at least my buds are
on fire my buns are on fire this dude
was laughing the whole time they said
they're telling the joke - good job Rach
tard
hey mystery guitar son tard a mystery
guitar man slash lingard you guys did
you see mr. guitar man's proposal video
today where he proposed to Sarah
Evershed we had a little engagement
party for them when I was in LA and he
told me that in the video he was saying
I'm gonna try flocking like shaycarl
today and then then I got cut out of the
main video and I was so disappointed I
don't you look pretty dude Oh where's
the cats where's the cat don't find him
I'll find him if they're in there Oh
I think you think there's a piece of
glass there huh I'm bad I'm bad I
promote him to get the kitty it's kitty
sorry sorry for all you cat lovers out
there my dad what's going on in here
what is going on in here a little game
called chip your sister's to Alaska
mommies are your guns the fun is
farfalle tarde they're making up regular
phones you're making chicken dude
easy-cheesy shut them in there go on the
carpet only in the carpet there you go
flip them on the carpet that way they
can get rug burn
oh dude it's infested right there
getting it away
little Cottontail dude you got to run
fast they're not gonna wait for you
there you guys there you go and we never
saw some tart again the mountain lion
ate Sun tart boy okay I love you
welcome to a world of pure discovery
welcome to rock star beautiful cuteness
I see you hi how are you you cute rock
turns over here eating his fists again I
think he's hungry are you hungry are you
hungry what are we eating for dinner -
that woman what
who's those some what Zoe's are you
killing the poyo again professional boil
killer
mommy tard mmm you're gonna use chicken
taco legs you guys want to go into bag
of chicken
