no one changes Shaytards talk to
sit back relax while
- the thing is - the thing shape after
school
he put his life on
okie-dokie we're headed off to a magical
land of fairy tales and gumball drop
from yeah so I'm tired where we going
dude dance your dance track why is it
called a track class okay your boys
track because it's a track of different
classes oh well why don't we just call
it like class rotation through different
things okay so we've been talking about
this forever and finally we're doing it
okay so twine everything that's in this
thing what is it it's like basket
weaving horseback riding horse shoe
throwing not tying archery not even
close all right what is it
I don't know hip hop hip hop dancing
tumbling like in the gymnastics place
ballroom dance just change the fourth
one from karate to sports conditioning
so I don't know what that means
so it's not karate oh dang it I want him
to do cruddy so basically it's like a
three-hour long class and they do all
these things he does hip-hop dancing
ballroom dancing gymnastics and sports
conditioning what is that just like just
gonna make you run a lot probably dude
push-ups it's gonna be a vigorous thing
so given that a centaur little culture
low culture ballroom dancing hmm centaur
you'll have to show us what you learned
today okay tres mommy tarde used to be a
ballroom dancer ladies I remember when I
was first dating mami tarde we went to
these dances and I would see her dancing
with this dude a swing Oh swing club
yeah I was swing dancing and I was like
oh he's so jealous that I know how to do
it and I like wanted to fight the kid
who was dancing with mami tarde this
dude he was like a really good dancer
and he like dance with all the girls and
Mommy tarde was a really good swing
dancer and I would watch them dancing
they're good
kill that guy I can't dance but I can
punch him in the face I was so jealous
of that dude I was like I wish I could
dance with that pretty girl that you
yeah but now I make babies with her so
he can eat my shorts I just tweeted
something that pissed some people off
but I thought it was SuperDuper funny
and clever and it wasn't a joke about
the cran if you follow me on Twitter
just tweeted what I say hey I just
downloaded a copy of the Quran does
anybody want me to burn them a copy and
it's a pun it's funny it's a pun like
when you make a CD like if you have a
file for instance the Quran which you
can download and if I was to burn you a
copy to put it on a CD on a disk to give
it to you so then you could put it in
your computer and read the Quran and
it's just a joke about that we're not
going to burn the Koran I am actually
friends with a lot of Muslims
assalamualaikum I lived in Guyana and
Trinidad and there was a ton of Muslims
there where I have read the Koran not
the entire thing but I have read from it
I know the whole story of Muhammad loved
the story I think he was very wise a
good teacher of peace and I know that a
lot of Muslims get frustrated because of
the extremists and the 9/11 attacks and
stuff like that which is nothing which
is not in the Muslim religion at all
so it's frustrating I can understand
that and some people were mad at me
for even bringing it up but I just it
was you know gonna be light-hearted
about these things you can't freak out
all the time anyways I was yeah I love
Muslim people that I was there during
Ramadan samih that's Muslim or is it
Indian
I'll also read the bug would tell
backward how do you say that you know
anyway okay so don't be pissed if you're
Muslim I love you he's a great people
all right here we go we're going to
ballroom dance class show me a little
ballroom dancing right now
show me are you pretty good to know it
dude impressive
alright come on let's go see you learn
some sweet moves
ok guys what should we make or do to get
in the get in the van what um hold on
let me ask what's that you want her to
do two cartwheels and a booty shake on
the grass over there sorry mommy sorry
do you heard it what if I slam the door
lock how was my plan to cartwheels in
the booty shake make a response video
doing two cartwheels of booty shaking a
Chinese fire drill around your car okay
boys cheap alone means be it spongebob
we're going to cheerlead hey hey
purchase toward my name's Patrick are
them on the bottom of the Z over Z of
the Sabbath II lose a pineapple under
the sea bottom starting bad hey this is
a good shoe chill out freaking me out
anyways
some people might find me a bit
intrusive vocally number pleasers and
let's go all the way to likes I'm super
 and I want to justify underage
sex with men you seen mom Brittany
Taylor just made a meet yeah
Boop not a spoof parody is like a real
good song about him
things like something died it's really
good to me Diana
Brittani Louise Taylor BLT gets know her
go check out her version of the Katy
Perry song she always does a good job
add up taking really songs and
making a good what's called meaning good
I don't know my vocabulary
find words know where we going okay
we're going to cheerleading I can't I
can't talk and drive and cheerlead hi
guys Patrick you from sponge balls turn
off the camera let's go in hey girls
be good listen to Aunt Carly thirdly go
our little girls off to go cheerleading
lesson one how to be a snotty
cheerleader
that's not let's give all of us it let's
see it dude nice nice oh okay hate it
nice
yep he says no way it's not an Akuma who
is your daddy and what to see to thank
you Sam I say that right okay who's your
dad who is your dad who is your daddy
and what does he do
no that was what I was worse ah it's not
a tuma I can't write the first time
whose shoot I can't do it ever like the
more I'm horrible at accents the more I
like try to do it the worse it gets
daddy and what deceit with you is that
up of canard yeah inner garden cop it's
Arnold Arnold leaking Garden Club rock
cards past oh oh no is who is your daddy
and what does he okay to turn it off I
can't do it can't do it you have you're
not the first water you've logged in
here before
do you know it needs to happen in this
room senior Oh concert of epic
proportions
okay everybody in their sternum you know
I seriously want the Mormon Tabernacle
Choir to sing in here here you or
somebody with the trumpet hi singing
rain oh do fill me fill me yeah if I had
a nickel for every one of us
they see in the rain it starts go do a
back handspring you remember your hands
go push them on your hands show your
daddy
okay mommy Tarts turn right I wouldn't
do it
Oh driller tired nervous we're gonna
title this fat guy guys skateboarding
part to go straight over there
whoa whoa
deeper than that
yeah
slower yeah
you gonna do it I'm gonna go stand there
and see how scary you're gonna be pretty
what is he okay No
Hey
no no no I know sure don't just tell us
mom he'll tell us don't Grandma tart is
reading the Kama and Shh
good night
I love you sleep tight is that my
sticker huh
that's my sticker you give this to me
good to warden
all right good night I love you can I
love you you're amazing just saying that
are you excited for tomorrow yes huh is
it your first day no good night huh I
already had Joe um are you excited
hear me in kindergarten you believe it
yes this is your second day that wasn't
interval once last week once you like
your teacher is she nice you like your
teacher baby tard yes you don't have a
teacher Wow you're not in school yet
silly face hey who's your teacher I'm
your teacher
yeah go over there right me 500
sentences I will clean dad's beard every
morning for the next 398 days yeah go
write me 500 sentences saying that do
you think you'll get new boyfriends in
kindergarten
no no boyfriends you stay away from the
boys okay
why Nestor day yesterday
hey I love when it's master day Nestor
days my favorite babe
when I think Esquivel last time there
was a boy in a girl that I was playing
with them and they were nice
listen if there's a boy and he says he
likes you say sky why for me first thing
you say I just spit on myself I just
spit it went up in the air and I landed
on my forehead serious if a boy comes up
and says hey I think you're cute I like
you I just want you to do this stop
overnight yeah let me just just practice
it just practice oh no my fan but then
what if he tries to kiss you we're gonna
do I'm giving and get itself a teacher
it's right you don't have boyfriends
till you're 18 okay okay no boyfriends
or dating till you're 18
no thanks teddy nice all right say good
night we got to go to bed good night huh
what are you doing hey you're back Hey
