I realized follow along to the thing
Shaye's
say does what is cold
okay so I have a question I just asked
mama tard if our sprinklers were still
working it seemed like our grass was
getting a little like dry for some
reason and I'm like our sprinklers
working this she goes I don't know you
should check them that's a man's job
breathe something I usually check the
sprinklers you do know I to tell so it's
not a man's job
yes sir that's just sprinkler guys name
that I called to do the sprinklers do
you know are you you have a crush on the
sprinkler guy
no it's Larry who takes care of his
name's Larry Oh Fred Bob Gary
Stephen Eduardo Felipe Guggenheim is a
Guggenheim Chad Sara Slutsky no sugar
bowl Michela bala bang bong Cooper
Cooper Cooper who the snake is it super
Hooper Hoobastank the desert
I knew that supa dupa dupa snake let's
eat your heart out Rumplestiltskin
I just hate funny things sometimes do
you like your new iPhone 4 you cost me
going without my phone for three days
because of your little mind and again
again look at the moon where is it all
right that I can't see it I'm gonna
wreck I'm gonna wreck where we goin
homies what are we gonna do grandma's
house what kind of dinner baby time what
are we what does she say it at Danny's
Danny diamonds or Denny's Danny
California I forgot their names what you
build in there Harry Potter I mean Bob
Vila that's not like to jib on what you
gonna put on top of it don't you need
like metal on it Oh si si what if I took
PVC pipes and put a lot of um duty that
slide oh yeah yeah unless you caught an
edge like like so they're like rolls
like this yeah you could do that it
would slide unless you caught an edge in
it then you're then you're Sol and you
know that stands for super awesome lucky
super awesome lucky know I'm that my son
I'm gonna use hopefully HDPE what's up
it's like Hydra super are you looking
this up my friend named Tyson also built
a box and he used HDPE
like I don't want it longer than that
though well the thing is don't tell but
the restaurant over there had lumber and
it was already like the to base the two
babies took this
yeah the two base mounts were in that
exact shape and you stove it listen
restaurant that's over there use he
stoled your lumber it's for a good cause
it's alright looking good so basically
you have it really built any of this it
was already just came like this for
support sweet dog loving your uh your
your thriftiness or whatever you're
doing there your what were you doing huh
what were you just doing behind my back
well I was blogging huh busted baby tard
shrieking grandma's diet coke how do you
know grandma didn't slip a little rum
rum in there huh how do you know grandma
didn't slip a little Jack Daniels in her
Diet Coke you need to be careful young
lady
for the record my mom does not drink
she'll watch this later and yell at me
for even saying that
Cooper you crazy man what are you doing
did you miss your uncle Shea huh I can
tell you miss me because you beat me up
super crazy monkey go jump on the
trampoline you crazy monkey hear sound
fudge
I'm watching I'm watching oh sweet dude
I'm gonna smack you
for dinner Carly that was inappropriate
that sounds like nobody's gonna get hurt
continue what are you trying to trip up
Oh a lot of bruised gins is gonna happen
so I mean we are moments literally
moments away from somebody crying let's
like we could bet we could we could bet
on who's gonna cry next and then could
be like the Las Vegas wager ah
my money's on baby tard she's gonna hit
in the face while she trip oh come on
you guys are disappointing me who's
gonna cry first somebody somebody's
gonna get hurt near stitches no it Oh
baby talk stuff didn't even cry I just
lost 100 bucks I came on go ahead tell
us about okay my mom is so proud that
she made her own as it preserves her
what is it jelly jelly jam jelly she
picked the plums off of this tree is it
did you get on that ladder discrepancy
on the plum picking takes four buckets
all right so do is
what's that you want to show this room
is it's ugly mom I want to see you get
up on this ladder and pick some plums I
don't believe you
alright this is gonna this is gonna go
viral don't hire you need to go three
steps higher higher is that where you
picked them funds plums
oh yeah it's plums yeah climb up there
you wanna climb up in the tree climb up
on the ladder oh hi you gonna go can you
go to the very top go all the way to the
top are you scared
go all the way to the top go ahead go
all the way to the top miss mixed
messages from your mommy and daddy when
mommy and daddy don't agree what should
you do as a child listen to your daddy
that is the wise decision I'm singing
the song mommy tarts are such a mouth I
said go to the top of a ladder go higher
see go higher you scared you scared with
yours you want slow Gert low Gert did
you come up with your own brand of
yogurt these are the one of these the
peaches worthy it looks really good
actually and I made that Joey alright
you want to you guys check out my mom's
chili story grandma jelly tart come oh
that's cool it was like reflecting like
a flashlight whoa
look at science came from heaven oh the
jelly came from heaven do you see that
why am I so like impressive that I'm
like wow okay we're do science
Logan McKay 55 starting off with the bar
you to the bomb thing or this
oh that's okay this is SoundCloud before
I made some of this up but this is the
hi okay so this is how Logan made up how
to make clouds okay so in here what is
it the smart water is it it songs on a
beach that's in the description yeah
that gives me dehydrated maybe what
reverse that switcher go so this is my
hypothesis we need we're in low pressure
right now or equilibrium pressure just
equal pressure and the same pressure
that's out there is in here so if we
twist this this it creates is causing
pressure yeah causing a higher pressure
like an elevation like a very top higher
pressure beats lower pressure and
there's water in the middle because
water clouds my other water bakery so if
you release the pressure washing side
water vapor weird science did you learn
that centered now make your own cloud
try it at home kids would be sure you
get your parents permission but then
busted they're comparing their six-packs
lame losers take your shirts off let's
see
alright I'll show my steak that in the
face flatulence
nice defense mechanism dignified check
it out
DeStorm in a Pepsi commercial that is
awesome
do you guys know who DeStorm is that was
just him on that commercial and I was
telling my family like Oh check out its
DeStorm I know him they're like you know
him how do you know him and they were
like super impressed that I knew who
DeStorm was that he was I kind of said
was my friend even though we've never
really like hung out or like had like a
heart-to-heart we have met me and
DeStorm met and we were friendly to each
other and so you know I just was trying
to show off like mom look I know that
guy
stay storm anyways it's really cool if
you guys haven't heard of or seen day
storm come come on living under a rock
right go check them out links in my
pantalones bar DeStorm love you do it
that was a sweet commercial I'm super
impressed and proud of the job
