Shaytards clock just sit back relax
follow
you are like hey guys new song you're
right Shh 1 2 3 4 who doesn't like in
slow motion coming soon George you ruin
1 2 3 4 who doesn't like it hurt so much
so that was crazy I couldn't tell if
that guy was homeless or just like a
really rich beach bum because he had a
ton of cash in like one of those travel
things you know when you go on like
vacations and you have like a little
necklace he had like the money pouch in
your shirts was like kind of hidden
because he was like so dirty his feet
were really dirty like he could have
been a bum but then he also at the same
time could have just been a tourist who
was at the beach and just decided to
come to the bank without shoes but we're
not that close to the beach here it's
like it's like almost a mile away to the
beach I'm like what's going on here this
is just like a really frugal dude it's
like he's like a millionaire
multi-millionaire but he doesn't buy any
clothes or shoes and he just lives on
the streets and one day once he has his
ten million dollars in his checking
account he's gonna go out and like buy a
mansion or something I don't know it's
funny like I've seen people like that in
public specially in LA cuz it seems like
there's so many unique people it's like
Oh made it it just it's very interesting
to like when it was what's this dude's
story like what is he doing why is he at
the bank with all cuz he had a ton of
cash on him and that little pouch that
he had but I can get like I said he
looks like a bum maybe just robbed
something I don't know
interesting stuff though right guys
really groundbreaking stuff all right
I'll go into the office right now for a
meeting let's do it he's putting my
beard first station to video it's about
to get weird Vinny excited I did wash my
beard this morning oh cool so it's clean
with Pantene it's Pantene pro-v right
there just like just for men oh I did
have some chicken nuggets so you might
get a chicken nugget with Pantene little
yeah
is McDonald's even got 10-piece chicken
nuggets and and beard die
finishing my sentence I always do that
with gel popular I sit sit
go check out the station to video it's
gonna be sweet hey there's nice Peter
Peter nice eater
alright here we go ready you have to go
to the station to video to watch it I'm
not gonna show you here there's children
to watch this channel all right buddy
here we go yeah so won't even matter
all right so that's over guys just like
that like every other time a whirlwind
of filming and meetings and craziness
and it's over and now we're headed back
it's my home it's my baby doll my little
children the little offspring whom I
have come to adore and love all right so
we're heading to the airport right now
we got to drop off the rental car and
the rental car place you have to get a
little shuttle to the airport then the
airport we're gonna fight a Salt Lake
and then from Salt Lake we're gonna fly
to Idaho and I will be in the arms of my
loved ones once again you guys excited
to go home I know you are I know you're
excited to go home and see the kids and
the family I'm totally stoked and yeah
it's just gonna be chill they I'm flying
on airplanes so let's do it
dogs
now childish and so childish scream in a
tunnel tunnel giraffe
I'm gonna miss this rental car lover
iana funny scenario so I am on the
Enterprise shuttle bus and the driver
just went inside to go peepee in the
potty look what I got
and I used to drive bus and she left me
Jesus
I could totally steal this enterprise
bus and just freaking Drive around Los
Angeles California can you imagine you
guys see on the news we're just getting
reports a deranged man has stolen an
enterprise shuttle bus this is driving
it around Los Angeles California at a
hundred miles an hour there'd be like
helicopter shots and you guys would see
any other one yep Keanu Reeves this bus
could be all mine what what's that movie
or he like had to drag the bus over 60
miles an hour was that with him I was
him right and cinderblock was up called
speed yeah there to keep the bus up
above 60 miles an hour I think it was or
it explode that's crazy
I could do that right now I can make my
own speed movie just realized
today nine years ago today
the tragedy spent hours in the or kappa
I'm wondering if there's a lot
Saturday
I totally forgot about it we just came
into the entrance of the airport there
was a lot of security out there jukebox
so I wonder if security is just like a
little bit of heightens today there's a
lot of people in time hopefully there's
not we have a tunnel a group I get it I
get a window seat and nobody sits next
to me and I get personal I have lots of
I remember me and mommy tired
I just convolution we were dating it
just started dating and we were at the
gym early morning at the college that I
lived at blue and rock climbing we're
rock climbing lunch September 11th nine
years ago and we're just head in our
rock climbing equipment that had the
place we checked it out or rented it and
the guy at the place that they're
they're bothering us
that's more like who is what are you
talking about
they told us about the first plane that
hit the tower and I remember driving
home and watching the second one on the
news watching the plane hit and I
remember calling mommy tonight okay like
it was just a weird day you know and I
just
for us whether that memories with her
like that make it
spent nine years of biblical basically
since we started dating that's been a
little over nine years
crazy in fact our very very first date
was on Labor Day just you know week ago
or whatever whatever Labor Day was that
was a nine-year anniversary actually
nine year anniversary to the first date
I ever went on was Labor Day this
business last Labor
pretty much just as crowded as it always
this here I don't think there's ever a
slow time at LAX it's like constantly
busy no matter what day it is it's just
so here we are the security screening
process and I'm wearing my youtube
search people are talking about it like
YouTube like everything you - where'd
you get that shirt some guys goes to
work for youtuber you just weren't very
good what do you say it's a deep work
for YouTube or did you just get that
shirt click well I work for you - and I
told him my link I'm like check out my
videos so funny I always I'm like
promoting myself in public random places
and we walked down the hallway that
leads us back to
yeah
got to touch the outside of the plan
all right once again we're back from our
plywood jet wait how many times we've
been down this jet way together huh it's
good old I for five it's like you know
we're coming home you see Home Depot
lights hanging in the air bar okay so
who is gonna come running there daddy
first let's just say that whichever kid
gives it to me first I will love for
them the most for the rest of their
lives okay no pressure
maybe they don't even hear a little bit
early so let's go Steve the kids are
here well guys I guess they don't love
me they're not here you know as I told
her I'd be here at 6:00 we're a little
bit early so I'm just sitting here
waiting for my family to show up in the
van that sounds a little disappointed
I'm not gonna lie it's like my favorite
part of getting off the airplane and all
the kids see me they just come run it's
like Mike makes my heart felt good but
I'm excited to see him I'm like anxious
and my phone doesn't work so I can't
call motard and be like I'm here where
are you at
so I'm without a phone stupid face
there's no way that I put it on my
iPhone channel to watch damn I'm not
telling you again hurry
you look hot with a capital W th a WT
all right you guys been good been good
kids I sure missed you baby tart were
you good huh you're doing everything mom
tells you to do good girl
how about you princess you peed your
pants along is that what mom told you to
do
baby tard pee your pants
somebody smells like they just did
something in their pants you farted you
both farted smells like it
Double Trouble there goes look you just
killed your mom's just do a Chinese fire
drill it stink so bad in there to do you
didn't fart good
stinky faces really bad think we're
driving with the windows down I didn't
tell you that I'm on the next flight all
right love you have fun see you honey
you guys have so much fun trust me we
don't need your mom Oh dad you get him
back what happened well let me just tell
you this okay you're gonna have to buy
at least four giant cans of tomato juice
why skunk skunk are you serious the
first thing he does is go into our
living room and start wiping his head on
no and you can smell it and I was like
gross where is he now in the garage so
what are we gonna do we have to clean
Malachi somehow gross
