sit back relax
- the thing she says to the team shape
Kassem G we're gonna get our hair cut
together
that's like romantic it's gonna be a
person or cut its romance is it open you
have a certain Caston with a certain
girl here that he always goes to where
does she see if she's here I need a
haircut back what's your name
Erica Fenton lay her she is a
recommendation from Cathy gene he
strongly is the top is strongly
recommends for haircutting the abilities
the bee's knees and I've thoroughly
enjoyed my experience so far as a great
shampoo conditioner but extra time oh
yeah no I went to this I went to this
guy here in LA over in Marina del Rey he
was this old dude who reminded me of my
grandpa and it was like we talked about
the war or we talked about you know yeah
you know things you talk about with your
grandpa it was like oh he's such a nice
guy he charged me 50 bucks and I left
and my wife's like did you even get your
hair cut I think he like just feathered
it just like barely so then I felt so
bad to such a nice guy that I didn't say
anything then I had to go get my hair
cut again cuz it was so bad she's like
you're doing a great job
that looks fantastic
so good you guys have matching shirts
that's so cute like my haircut I think
it's scary
I was just telling Caston oh I thought
my forehead is giant like you could land
an airplane on it but he said he didn't
think that because he would have made
fun of me about that already and he
never has he's good at seeing things and
making fun of them as jokes that's kind
of hurtful person he is no just kidding
I like it I like stopped wearing hats
it's like because they were have so much
it's making you go ball I need to stop I
need to find a stop I never know how to
do it I'm just always like so well what
do you think I like my new haircut it's
sexy do you like it yeah Tiffany did you
compliment on my haircut yet it is so
sexy and I don't know for some reason
your your beard and hair just keeps
getting doctor every time I see you oh
yeah I did diet a little bit but I guess
you know to see that video
sure thank you okay me and be the I
write the internment we're going to the
other side of the office right now
because I told him that I want to get on
the roof of the office because there's a
thing over there you can climb on the
roof but we just got this side of the
office
Ezra is this upstairs ours too never
been out there Sara late no okay guys
we're gonna go up here this is like the
new office but we've never even been up
this upstairs you see a light help me
out here BB I wait here's one their
disappointment literally like a little
room oh thank god oh by the way this is
your new office all right so get to work
buddy
good job thank for more sweat stapler
what's that prove office space he's like
a pissed-off but a stapler I don't know
this is your new room you have to sleep
on the couch anymore
think about it you throw a mattress down
right here
this is this is a nice you just totally
up here trying to figure out how to get
on the roof okay we're gonna get on the
roof and Bret says that the opening on
the other side is really tight and fat
kids can't fit through it but I am
motivated to do it we're gonna get on
the roof of this office trust me oh you
are yeah you want it I have to play John
Lennon in a battle wrecked oh you do
yeah thanks what's that how do you get
on the roof where's the opening
is it hard show me you got open this
okay there's a wire that is holding a
thing do you see what I mean and then
just undo that oh yes about my shoot
tomorrow that wire I think what's the
break the wire no can you just undo it
oh nice nice how am I gonna fit through
that hole so listen Brett's like trying
to go up he's over to the door then also
these pair of hands like come back like
there's a skylight we're trying to get
it open these hands come in it's there's
electrician on the roof then he's like
what are you guys doing really oh we
just want to climb up no no no I'm here
I'll hold it I'll hold it for you no
should we get a better chair yes let's
get a better chair we're gonna oh yeah
that's perfect school oh no that'll work
just hold this what I'm yeah I'm using
it you're gonna hold it for me and then
I'll help you
don't worry I got your cool shoes in the
shot
okay what do we do let's all separate
let's spread out so don't smash oh he's
the AC guy that's right our AC broke
this roof falls through I hope this
maintain oh look there's a ladder we
just climbed up the ladder oh it's nice
to breathe are you scared
I love you're so frank about it I'm
terrified right now this is the worst
time of my life guys we have a curtain
number of joining us on the roof take
the breeze I know who else is down there
so sweet okay you guys do you remember
the other day what I said was the
greatest invention of all time
the air-conditioner this gentleman here
is here to fix the air condition that
makes him a prince of peace be a savior
of soldiers a a man among men a person
who fixes the greatest invention of all
time the air conditioner this dude is my
hero thank you sir for your service
going on back into the buildings should
be careful your shoulders outta here
wrap you give me air the end I seriously
just
good strong come on then been so nervous
he's alert come on baby turn I got you I
got you baby turn oh my god just
give your hands and then lower your feet
down I'll just lower your this store
just got a press event
there's no the Chesapeake oh I'm hang
you by your ankles grab all of Peter
I'll bet you're on your own okay so we
are down here on Venice Beach now
oh my Marilyn Monroe this would really
cool dad looks like there's a bike gang
check out the bike gang
there's literally things being shot here
all the time
somewhere something's going on there soo
salut what are you doing you want to see
one of our writers oh okay
