hey you guys okay I'm at the station do
you guys want to see nicepeter cuz let
me show you nice Peter Peter hi Peter
hi did you get your shirt okay okay guys
so um I'm at the station that you guys
know I met I mean oh okay so I need to
make this quick video and I want to talk
to you guys about four things first
thing is first when I'm in Los Angeles I
already talked to you guys about this
store because they're filming over here
we had meetings all day yesterday
I have no footage at all I've gotten
some footage today some fun footage
today of us climbing on the roof that
I'll put tomorrow but four things that I
want to talk to you guys about I wrote
in that look at this first time I've
actually wrote out one of my videos like
four things that one of the top first
thing I phoned channel stupid I have an
iPhone channel if you want to check it
out links my pants it's just because
like when I'm in LA I can't do full
vlogs so you just you're like really
short things like short videos okay I'm
doing this right now and I upload it
right then if you want you can check
those out second I filmed a station 2
video today about how to get subscribers
on YouTube it was really funny it was
just literally like me there's these
phone books here at the office I was
like let's like just call people and
like ask them to subscribe to me on
youtube so I called like three or four
people to ask him subscribe to me and we
did we filmed we have one that we upload
it on the station today so if you guys
want to watch that link is in the pants
also it's pretty funny we talked some
other people too but they wouldn't
upload those later so go check that
video out links in my pants third if you
guys are missing oh please miss the kids
let's get let's get nostalgic for a
minute I miss the kid
so much already it's crazy I don't think
I left him that much
but I guess I so if you guys want to see
the kids mommy tart it made a video
yesterday on her channel on the Katie
let's channel and my heart melted
there's just one part in the video where
baby tart goes something like that
what'd she say
daddy's in Los Angeles California and
the way she said it I was just like oh
thanks so if you want to see the kids
and you're sick of this sweaty fat face
go watch Katie let's new video links my
pants and you guys if you didn't know if
she's doing videos every Tuesday on her
channel and she's been really good about
getting up done so she's done like three
or four weeks in a row now so he is mwah
mommy towards making videos every
Tuesday lean my pants and last but
definitely not least something so super
exciting is that baby tard is the next
Nirvana baby I gotta make sure you only
mustache it out of my lip a lot of you
guys are like move that hair out of your
lip it's bugging me long story short
I'll just tell you how this happened um
well I can't really Louis like six
months ago I got this email from
somebody saying that they were James
Blunt the seniors so yeah the bad day
you know the singer usually popular do
it I wasn't a huge fan of him but not
because I didn't like his music just cuz
I had never really bought money any of
his CDs but I know his popular songs
like so you had a bad day and that kind
of stuff anyways he contacted me on
YouTube and said that he wanted to use a
picture that he saw on YouTube of baby
tart of me throwing her up in the air
and it's literally a picture that I took
with my iPhone the picture is on this
iPhone right now and it wasn't this
iPhone cuz this is my new iPhone 4 was
on the first iPhone I had and I
literally had Mommy tart take this
picture as I was throwing baby tart up
in the air so he could have it as a
thumbnail on one of our videos from way
back this is an over a year ago on one
of our daily vlogs when we were living
here in Venice Beach anyways apparently
James Blunt was either watching some of
my videos or just like I don't know
exactly the stories just go through
YouTube and he sees this thumbnail but a
little picture that represents the video
you guys know what a thumb
picture is right so he sees that picture
and he says I guess he's just like I
want that for my album cover so he sends
me an email and at first I don't believe
it and so I tweet I tweet on Twitter I'm
like hey guys I just got an email from
James Blunt's and he wants this picture
of baby tart to be his new album cover
and I was like I'm gonna charge of a
million dollars and I got like a Twitter
from his official Twitter saying well we
probably can't afford a million dollars
or something like that I was like well
maybe it really is him
so I didn't believe it and then finally
I yesterday somebody said hey Shay check
out James Blunt's um website because
baby Tarte is the new album cover for
the new James Blunt CD that's coming out
really soon that's like no way
so it went and checked it out and sure
enough that little baby tart and my
hands my these hands are famous they are
gonna be on a CD so it's just like my
hands thrown baby tart up in the air and
she has this little phone and she's just
like it's just like when she was once or
ayres really short so go check that out
I will pull all four links for my iPhone
Channel the station to video Kate let's
video and James Blunt's website you guys
can go check out baby tard flying
through the air and she's gonna be on
the CDs so um I don't get any like
royalties or anything from the CD like
they bought it from us so it's like
their picture now or whatever but I just
thought that would be pretty cool with
when maybe Tyra grows up she'd be like
see this CD that was me when I was 1
years old living in Venice Beach
California would that be cool to tell
your kids you're like on the cover of a
CD hopefully the CD is accessible I
don't know but anyways ok but I'll have
regular vlogs hopefully back again
tomorrow but like I said I'm super busy
here at the station filming meetings all
kinds of stuff ok that's it ok you guys
I'll see you tomorrow
go check out the links down here love
you bye bye
