just sit back relax
prettiest steel knife in my windpipe
glutes how do you explain that to a
child
well how about this yesterday we were
driving and I had my laptop and we're
listening to the station's new video
that nohomo nohomo nohomo at center it
says dad what's a homo what I said it's
somebody who dresses really good how do
you explain homosexuality to you
six-year-old son son there's a time in
your life that's a sign there's a time
in another man's life where he loves
another man I don't know how old you I
mean what would you say to your
six-year-old kid right I mean that's
what you just got to say right it's I
told what I really told was that was not
very nice thing to say it's kind of like
a mean thing you know homo is not very
nice to say right
there's not any debate over that all
that great guys right call somebody's a
hunter yeah no that's such I'd love that
video this hilarious if you haven't seen
I haven't see what I'm talking about
links in my pants I'm so tired cash I
don't want to do that honey I love you I
don't wanna go
I'm not in a good mood yes you are
you're shaycarl shut up no ho wont go
watch that video you guys it's so funny
it looks really good too like Brett I
like Brett people are like oh great
Brett
buddy hate Brett that's awesome he's so
funny to me
Brett is really funny to me he's one of
the people I'm just like he's funny I
like him
like getting on an airplane this is all
the vlog is gonna be today just me like
I'm late
why am I sitting here I already forgot
my phone wait to turn around you're like
are we just gonna leave the car here you
guys yeah bet you can't fucktard I'm
gonna miss you dog sure love you
snuffleupagus yeah you sound pretty
congested oh you're so precious rock
cards fill in this van with PDP rock
card put hot box in the van with PDP
rock turns hot box in the van with PDP
guys
no that's naughty of him to do that oh
look at them I see you dog we're here we
made a de Los Angeles
I was really dreading this trip I just
it just sucks I love good thing I love
what I do and I love hanging out with
the people that are down here if I was
you know a husband or a dad who had to
go on business trips you know twice a
month or whatever doesn't a job that I
hated oh I can see I'm it's just a
nightmare I mean I love flying but after
you've done it so much it's like uh I
get so sick of people and you're smashed
in the plane and I was in the middle see
I shouldn't be complaining this is a lot
of fun just like I miss my family you
know I missed my kids and it sucks I
know you guys miss them you guys yell at
me go oh we want to see the kids we're
shaking your fat face jaywehrs and cute
baby tard anyways I got the convertible
hey guys it'll kind of cardio that's it
ah I just need something where I can
really feel the wind blowing in my beard
because I have just the card I don't
care if I look like a DP a douche bag I
like it it's fun during having that
convertible as funner just nice feel the
air and listen to my Katy Perry too
anyway so uh going to my other house
here in Venice and I'm gonna touching it
now I'm exhausted
okay so I just love you guys I don't
know anything else to say I should press
you know probably turn the camera off
you know I guess I just wanna stay here
with me Oh embarrassing ain't a haircut
me Bo go get a haircut you need a
haircut
definitely a haircut I'm so stupid
though haircuts here 40 bucks I can get
a haircut an Idaho 4:12 here there forty
stupid on this Labor Day in America the
history of our fathers was known you're
gonna sing this song well I really
thought that well here we go nice meter
they would say fuck there's so much
pressure okay we gotta practice this
this is a funny story because me and
Lisa like know this same country songs
by the dress so every time we see each
other we're like so then Peter comes
over we're like bring your guitar and
we're gonna learn this song you always
like Joe crowns we never know the words
so wish like you only know like two
lines we always sing those dalliances we
have the lyrics and the guitar and we
were going to a fish in that path we're
an official enjoy yeah and we've been
practicing for the last three and a half
hours
Oh perfect
hey Bart bleep are the tune on iTunes
we just came up with so check it out
that's gonna be one of their sophomore
album
