Shaytards dog just sit back relax
they says to the team shape after his
whole family
Oh baby
your name on a bus or a train and I
would be wasting I got nothing on you
baby
don't see you recording me pretty good
last time pretty good till it's deep
that's so where's anyone oh you're
recording just you know I just got it
you know you gotta you got it I got it
that's a giant mountain that's really
cool that's a cool mountain mommy dark
rock crime this is where mommy dirt grew
up right there she was born on that rock
oh look there's the afterbirth oh that
was disgusting in easels we are going on
a little hike up in the Ville Tonio's de
la Beauty Emma's we're gonna hike up to
this little cave that Mommy tarde used
to take her boyfriends up and make up I
bet all the time probably I'll see you
mommy Turk she's always making out with
all these boys son tard
you just upped the ante for the funniest
thing ever said
okay so let me just stand it up the Sun
Dried I'm gonna let you knock it out of
the park I'm just gonna set it up here
we're driving up this dirt road right
and this dude on a motorcycle is coming
down and it gets this really narrow spot
and so mommy's hair could have to slam
on the brakes and try to get over and
the motorcycle guys like oh like almost
hits our van and I was like whoa and
inside her is like yeah you almost you
almost hit him you would have been in
trouble I said yeah should have been in
big trouble
and then Sun tarde said yeah no more
chocolate for the rest of the weekend
for you Bobby tired because my turn
likes to get wasted
what's this random girl doing in our car
who are you who are you van Halen tired
nice headband she's in she's in the band
I'm in a band
anyways oh look that's the rock that
weren't there mommy you got your hiking
shoes on yeah your hiking shoes on hey
is that Callie more music I love your
videos it's a pretty steep Exodus but we
have a hundred and fifty kids sorry
now I know how Neil Armstrong felt baby
tarts helping me up the mountain she's
pulling me up Malachi Pioneer your butts
look nice from down baby you made it to
the cave what do you have to say tour in
this cave and obviously you know million
people have been up in here cuz there's
you know graffiti all over the walls and
there was a shirt on the ground and send
hurt pics about the Eagles like yeah
you're right son charred the Indians war
bugle boy yeah it's an antique you
should keep it maybe we could sell it on
Pawn Stars I don't have the heart to
tell them that it's priced in my trash
it's like angle we just climbed Everest
the cave up there that we're at right in
that TK what's it called forty horsemen
what if it was called 72 great name K or
96 hot chick cave and they fit 40 horses
in them sorry what are you doing
are you be ordering the river huh are
you feeding what is that that's a word
right the nice the cool on your feet
does it feel good oh what's underneath
here's where the internet trolls live
say your videos suck show your fat J
you're back dad all those people they
live under here hey troll I say you see
trolls nothing more refreshing than
walking in a mountain stream in the hot
day of the summer last days of summer
out really hurts my feet though wife all
my fat butt
don't be afraid to come in to come in
the title of too many times don't be
afraid seminars ever once
oh they do I touched your dad's rightful
I would like to submit something to the
jury for consideration hey I'd like to
submit this one of the greatest
inventions in all of mankind in all of
civilization in all of the modern world
of anything that was ever thought any
idea that was ever sparked in the human
machine ID in their skull I submit this
air-conditioning
true system the concept of cool dry air
at the touch of a button
the the slight turn of the wrist is is
one of the greatest things ever invent
ever even see within the brain I mean I
went over all that already hot dog I
love me some cool dry air in the hot
summer's day I'm not gonna lie about it
I'm telling you the truth and chocolate
and chocolate cool dry air Oh dog you
know sure you got iPhones you got
computers get processors I don't know
you what the lightbulb sure you can see
things but when a fat man is sweaty
nothing nothing comes to the aid of that
fat sweaty man like cool dryer
amen and hallelujah I love America who
invented the AC by the way google that
and leave it in the comments below
I want to tell you guys the joke that I
thought of last night but it's kind of
offensive and I wanted to tweet it but
now that I'm thinking about it's better
to vlog it because I can explain it and
tell people not to trip balls as I say
but I I for some reason I thought about
this this joke fest and I I think it's
kind it could be taken as offensive but
I think it's really funny and I think
this is something that Zach Galifianakis
it's saying is like deadpan humor and it
would be healing Zach Galifianakis let's
watch the show the other night and he's
playing the piano and he just says he's
one little one-liners I want to sell
this joke to him I want to use this keep
setting things up too much
I keep building these up too much right
this way I know I gotta put Billy things
up then I said it's like oh why did you
why do you explain it for three minutes
for you told us okay so here's the joke
I just said I know I know my vlogging
camera I know how long it's been run
anyways here's to Joe matching arms a
gals neck is playing the piano and then
it into the microphone people who commit
suicide
are dead to me
would that be funny that's funny
I think that's funny back me but your
buddy some people what's up
you really said that I know sign I set
it up pretty big well I think it's a
funny joke but I think some people fight
tweeted it they're doing nice shake my
friend and seventh grade tried to commit
suicide
Michaela to me I almost have no sympathy
for people commit suicide because that's
like we're my most selfish acts you can
do you're like I've seen it's like just
throwing up my oh no I wouldn't school
with a kid committed suicide and it's
just like what do you think your mom and
your parents go through you know I don't
know I don't wanna
this doesn't mean to be a hot topic
issue all right don't go to a side kids
two smiles not drugs how old are you 11
so what do you think about life at 11
years old
huh listen Cuyler
sometimes it's important to evaluate
where you're at you know think about
your life goals say my name's Kyle
I'm 11 years old if I fulfilled my
5-year plan am I on track for you know
4.0 you know am i doing what I want
am I the person I want to be I'm just
asking if you ever take that time to
evaluate your 11 year old life you
should you should think now you should
be like what am I gonna do when I grow
up what college am I gonna go to should
I invest in a 401k do you think you
should beat the game right now Kyle are
you listening sir or you just sitting
there thinking about Justin Bieber huh
shut up uncle Shay
I'd like Justin Bieber his videos are
way better than yours
you don't know you got your head on
straight then I'm just kidding I love
Justin Bieber
I seriously Jam to his tunes I know I'm
gonna get a lot of crap in the press
about that but I could jam with just yes
son tired loves it see our kids and I'd
like to see her they like just
Justin Bieber Justin Bieber just built
the sweetest damn did you guys see it
I'm gonna go pick up the leg humping I'm
Justin Bieber's new dam on iTunes for an
I logs on I build ponds calm did you
check out Justin Bieber's new dam his
new demo I build ponds calm shrieking
laughs that dude that's a hot topic
listen I don't wanna start any more
controversy right now
mommy doc just said oh my contacts are
so dry and I said here are your either
death Drive I said I was trying to
define how dry her eyes were and I was
trying to use an analogy yeah and I was
saying mouths are your eyes are like the
Sahara Desert there is literally rotting
camel carcasses on your pupil that's how
dry your eyes are well that's pretty dry
eye and there is not I repeat there is
not a Visine for that when they're
rotting camel carcasses that are from
the Sahara Desert on your pupil you got
dry eye as Missy that's how dry mommy
tart sighs our sounds are there they're
super dry and I just built that analogy
to help her express herself
that's Madonna shut up
check out and check out her link in my
pants I hit top I adopt way too many
kitten I'm filming too much the nerd
said we're filming too much we got to
cut it down oh we have too much footage
yeah
sorry guys some parts that are filming
too much crack you guys I just found out
some really bad news man this totally
sucks but it turns out Idaho's on fire
dang it Idaho sucks it looks really cool
that is so weird
there's a giant fire here and then a
giant waterfall so they're just gonna
burn the bitch banks right killing all
the rats and the snake that way they do
that through your farmers it's like
they're just purchased why do they do
that honey
kill all the rats and snakes and stuff
just to get rid of all the weeds but
yeah it's like the farmers they burn
their ditch mix and then really can't
spread anywhere cuz there's like water
on both sides of it yes
yeah it's controlled this that's
definitely that's definitely a way to
clean a hillside that's definitely way
to pull a bunch of weeds just light it
on fire it's a tool it's such a rural
experience today's vlog such a rural
experience this woman has cut more
watermelon than the lower 48 states of
the United States of America
nobody has cut as much watermelon is
this woman the lower 48 because there's
Alaska and Hawaii
oh that smells so delicious
just imagine the freshly cut cold water
money no thumbs up for cold watermelon
some people I think it's a love-hate
some people like love watermelon with
some people but nobody hates watermelon
I would say I don't think there's
anybody who hates watermelon but I think
it's just like yeah or put in a throttle
you should divorce anyway Oh someone's
enjoying a nice cold piece of melon on a
summer's day huh I don't blame you yeah
I meet my melon
you got my place oh my gosh this wind is
so crazy out here
Tinker Bell what's right not sure about
this
goodness is trusting centered with the
kite do not cross oh my goodness good
job
I barely okay we're just coming on this
side of the school to get mom back hey
girls get in my van
come on get my van girls come on let's
go new this year in sixth grade all kids
will be carrying handguns they are
affected mandatory handgun cleaning will
be every Monday at 3:00 after recess
you're a little lacking in hair
department a little disappointed you as
a father Isaac cards about to die come
around the front he's playing the game
of suicide next one
any moment ladies and gentlemen his arms
because from his body his lifeless body
could fall to the ground in bloody heap
he narrowly gets hung up minus five
points good job dude oh sweet it's not
cold anymore I'm sorry
every third goes duck we're gonna pop
this we're out here laid on the hammock
can you see like we're in this there's a
giant tree
at the end of a summer day or just
shilling we're like monkeys in the tree
monkeys in the tree and there's a freeze
and there's not a care in the world
oh no well there's a care in the world
anyway it's baby turn glance at the pop
but it's so relaxing it please do not
remove me from this premises for six
hours I'm more comfortable than
anybody's ever been comfortable baby
Todd I love you baby Todd I love you I
love you baby time I love you baby I
love you baby baby baby Todd and she's
the baby baby baby turn yeah I love you
match that one you look pretty
are we having fun in the hammock wow
this is a nice breeze out today hey baby
turn I love you
