sit back relax
- the thing she says to the team shape
she's sucking her thumb baby I got a
monkey on my back you guys I got this
video up by four tell me dude I'm I'm
vlogging here you got a filming here my
cameraman I uploaded the video it's 356
and it just barely went alive Oh baby
that was cutting it close and maybe
Tarte decided to just perch right here
on my back she's been eating my swedish
fish this bag was full I had to buy this
the other day you know when you go to a
gas station sometimes and you buy
something they're like oh you got you
got to spend at least three dollars if
you use a debit card so then you're like
looking for some stupid crap to buy
because you have to spend more money
tried to buy those fish baby turns been
eating them all no she can sleep it off
anyway so day one of having the video up
by four is a success 357 and the video
just went live Oh baby I like to cut it
close
mom hi do something funny no no no stop
stop
Shae show me your belly shirt sure oh my
mom says I is wearing a belly shirt
that's because that's because he never
uses your belly shirt
medium shirts medium yeah it's not a
belly shirt how come on you suck up your
shoulder blades go really wide your
graduation when you put on their spot
those bodies and box
sumo-wrestling are you excited
she crawls buying me a new phone cuz I
broke I'm not buying it for you we're
gonna work it off you're gonna watch our
kids for a month straight me and mommy
are gonna go on a cruise for a month and
you have to watch the kids in Tyre yes
this is Danny he's just about to
subscribe to the Shaytards
it's true there it is he's gonna
subscribe that's how I do it you guys
want to know how I get subscribers I go
door to door I ask people to subscribe
so sweetness they have one that I phone
for left and he's gonna let me have it
and then Carly's gonna use my old iPhone
my old crust stupid here okay what do
you think got a new cat new cave and I'm
texting already cuz I could handle it
it's like addiction so that worked out
really sweet I went in and I'm like is
like we're just gonna get her a new
iphone 3gs and I said here's my only
iPhone horse do ya did I call that store
probably like four times and every time
I asked they seemed really annoyed
there's like no we don't have
my own force that I was talking to the
guy he said like every ten minutes
somebody asks you have iPhone first even
said that when the the FedEx guy comes
in with like new stuff people like are
those iPhone course and they're like we
don't know we haven't even opened them
yet
so luckily they had one iPhone for that
they had on hold for somebody but that
person didn't want it so I got this
iPhone Quattro and Carly is now using my
old cell phone I have to race all my
sexting off of there
there's a lot of sexy going on and now I
can do face talking face talking walking
partly there will be no in this
face talking but that doesn't
sound good
you're inappropriate three two one
shooting don't judge us we girl kids in
three two one two three
oh good rewind richest are your turn
come on time for your daily throwing
come on yeah I saw that too still are so
much fighters you guys like my shirt
that's Shawn
taking rock card for a motorcycle ride
don't override override yeah yeah you
like the cc's on this baby six hundred
fifty cc's I don't know what that stands
for were do that cycles you grab the
Aleutians cubic centimeters it'll scare
him you play the guitar look at maybe
tired
oh I'm sorry don't be scared baby
browning
hey hey hey fierce Maya thank you smile
hey geez what's that hey you guys so I
was thinking I just I wanted time I
worried my backpack I just was gonna
talk to you guys about something but I
realize it was kind of silly so then I
was like Kylie I won't say anything but
I just I'm gonna be going to LA in a few
weeks to do take 180 take 180 uh some
things with take 180 and I just got the
script they emailed it to me and then I
just printed it off and I'm gonna be
working with Shane Dawson maybe you've
heard of them and I just like this is so
cool like this is my job I sit here I
get an email first script and then I
print it off and I need to start
memorizing my lines for this take 180
video and I want to tell you guys what
it is but um I probably shouldn't I
probably get in trouble right you know
take 180 you're pretty pissed anyways
I'll just tell you how can I tell you
hold on I'll just read maybe I'll read
you one of my lines no I can't
I'll give it away that's a big this the
I have to memorize all these lines
though dramatic I found out that my kids
have been going to these raves dancing
all night wearing crazy outfits I didn't
know what to do that's one of my lines
but I can't tell you what the rest of it
is all right anyways I just thought that
was exciting I printed out my script I
hoped my co-star Shane Dawson likes me
that's ridiculous
okay we're going to Walmart Hyundai I
love you we're going to Walmart to get
some stuff okay bye see you there see
you Walmart okay I'm gonna put you my
buck and then we go to Walmart we'll
talk some more okay is he just content
just content little baby oh there's a
smile eat you're such a ham Rock card I
pull up the camera and you start smiling
hey hey hey
so cute mommy chart your
- you're big and beefy you have a potty
problem I bet you can't juggle three of
those come on these babies just told me
he wants to go for a test drive disease
he's in the market he's in the market
for a new ride I love their little legs
that it is like hanging down here oh
sure I can touch the ground what do you
think dude do you like it
look at these things double chin we like
your daddy
you got a big double chin not this thing
without these do you want it do you like
it we do that the only reason I want to
get it is cuz I think it'll shut him up
when he's crying it's like Oh put him in
the thing that makes it shut up these
things that go on that cool sound
something he liked look at him he is
staring at that
is that cool yeah you like that should
we buy this it's 90 bucks bunch of cheap
plastic put together
8950 I don't know rock card I don't
think you can afford that you have to
save your allowance he stared at this
wheel thing you haven't stopped looking
at it my mom's watching our other kids
by the way
say no there's good where's the other
kids well we only brought the one that
we love to Wall Martin look at him he
seriously does not stop looking at that
for like three minutes he has not
stopped looking at this for like three
weeks
no a blink okay we're leaving yeah dude
I think that would be is such a funny
hidden-camera show just to leave the
baby right there and just like walk away
and people with that walk by that's like
that show what would you do come on
someday he's gonna go to college he's in
group we'll go to college he's not I
mean he's right he's three months old he
needs to learn to sit and Walmart by
himself we'll be back in a few hours
let's go come on hopefully another
couple will come along and I'll find him
and I'll just take good care of him
is that the Tri melon the Tri melon
Fiesta I love when you do the Tri melon
Fiesta are you gonna make your famous
tri melon cake I wanna make sexual
innuendos right now I'm thought I won't
you got the nicest melons whoa who's
this large black man in our car alright
run around go scare someone go scare
someone is it stink in there okay what
if we that would be even a funnier prank
as if we let Malachi just run in Walmart
and see what people did that would be
funny
okay wait a moment daddy you know that's
probably not the best idea you could get
in trouble or I could get you know
kidnapped look at it
he's a Great Dane gonna Pat him okay
yeah he's cool kai come here come here
look go say hi to that dude go see how
that guy go say hi to him go say hi
watch him bite that guy's face off
alright he's kind of skinny now look I
made a friend
alright that's okay just take them with
you
