oh it is we better go thanks for coming
over get the energy up keep it up keep
it up keep it up cause only those I
really love will ever feel lonely once I
was 20 years old my story got so before
the morning someone that was only once I
was 20 okay here we are at a backstage
at CVX live where the medieval --nt gets
massages you know right before they go
on I feel good yeah you like that
massage was that fun yeah is it dax on
you next you got to work your glutes he
really needs his IT band Lucinda has
been yeah he's been doing a lot of
squats he needs his IT band loosened we
can get this Rufus getting the massage
feels good the tickle all right meet and
greet day two at CVX live these guys
want to be in the vlog so I said okay
and look let's see that hat turn the hat
around
boom boom boom flower it's a flower
garden you're a flower garden
well you're in the vlog hi us when we
watch this later alright alright I
understand that there's a woman out
there by the name of Carolyn who doesn't
think this is cool to be making these
YouTube vlogs it's their mom but they're
in the video and listen Carolyn we're
just regular normal people trying to
inspire the world so I know it seems a
little weird to watch another family on
the YouTube internets but look your
daughter's we're not even gonna hurt him
or anything okay listen again we're
getting it's weird still maybe okay
they're in the video Hey Oh scary
that's scary put it on put it on and
scare me oh no oh no oh it is we better
go scaring
look we're hanging out with Sarah hi Joe
we missed you say hi say hi dad
your dad watches all our vlogs right no
he's too dizzy head Emmie Wow Gary all
right we gotta go to our next meeting
great let's go
thanks for commentary keep the energy up
keep it up keep it up keep it up so I'm
gonna skip the far about like smoking
and drinking once I was seven years old
my mama told me go make yourself some
friends or you'll be lonely once I was
seven years old it was a big big world
but we thought we were bigger pushing
each other to the limits we were
learning quicker by eleven once I was
eleven years old my daddy told me go get
you some for you only
once I was eleven years old I always had
that dream like my daddy before me so I
started writing songs to start if I'd
used all these cuz only those I really
love will ever feel lonely once I was 20
years old
stormy God so before the morning someone
that was only once I was twenty years
old smoking drink and don't do that it's
bad for you that's I changed it by my
hose I don't believe in failure because
I know the smallest voices they can make
it major I got my boys with me at least
and those in favor and if we don't be
see before I leave I hope to see you
later once I was twenty years old soon
I'll be sixty years old I think the ones
cold I have a lot you can borrow me once
I was seven years old yeah
all right you ladies ready to see hey be
on the ball we go
go ahead be a rock and roll ride em
cowgirl ride it like you mean it
he's got our feet tucked in
it's going to get crazy in a minute I
can feel it
really
oh my goodness I've never seen anybody
ride a bull like that good job
to play
do you like it it's good right
new a bee vine coming out soon starring
a via and that was what we did on day
two of CVX live 2016 it was a total
blast one of the coolest YouTube
conventions events that I've been to got
to do some really cool things we shot a
music video with Stuart edge one morning
that's going to be coming out that I
think it's going to be really good I
can't tell you what song it's too but I
can tell you that tiffany alvord was
also in it and then studio C and the a B
family bunch of collaborations going on
at CVX live and then we got to go to the
void this is like a world renowned VR
virtual reality experience Paul Allen
the creator of Microsoft was quoted when
he came out of the void he said to the
owner well welcome to the billionaire's
club so we got to experience some cool
things and then plus we had to meet
every one of you that came out and hung
out with us in Orem Utah over the last
two days and I got to take pictures and
it always reminds us when we meet people
like Tyler if you watch the vlog from
yesterday this is why we do it talking
to a lot of you guys in those private
meet and greets and hearing your stories
about depression your family members
dying and then you guys watching our
videos that is what recharges our
batteries to make these videos and makes
us realize why ultimately we feel like
we have a calling to do this and it's
more than just you know entertainment or
you know us trying to get famous we
really feel a calling to help teach the
world about families and about hope and
about all that good stuff so meeting you
guys at CVX live was very meaningful to
us and even like as we walked away after
we met Tyler Gavin and Avia Gavin said
to me he's like dad
like meeting people like Tyler it's like
it makes me want to cry like now I see
that we really do change people's lives
it was cool
it was a really cool experience so if
you didn't see yesterday's well go check
it out I love you guys
stay tuned for tomorrow's Easter vlog
and by tomorrow I mean in like eight
hours from now it's going to be up soon
okay I'll see you soon
Happy Easter vlog tomorrow bye
