no one changes Shaytards talk to
sit back relax while
- the thing is - the thing shape after
school
he put his life on
ah Oh would you say you could say that
again dog what do you try to say I don't
understand just me Cupid language hi ash
my baby
here's educator Akhtar you're so
adorable you've been in this world how
long now almost three months you're
almost three months old and you're
already talking gibberish but I read in
the dress look at your cute little
hundred percent fun shirt you are
hundred percent fun
hi okay sounds good dude yeah hey do you
guys say it toll-free case I've actually
never seen this DVD before if you guys
had this for a long time I've heard them
talking about potty power a lot but I've
actually never seen this and what is
this princess card it's an exercise
video for kids kind of like mommy does
okay let's check this out the monkey
do's warning your kids will die if they
participate in the activities contained
in this video you have been warned fat
lard was very nice always consult your
physician before beginning an exercise
program be careful never force restrain
yourself while exercising you guys got
that he has got the safety rules all
right here we go let's see it stretch
and you guys need to stretch first
touch your toes then down touch your
toes protect your toes I sure do
Oh baby I love to move my body let's do
it guess what I'm pretending to ride on
it helps you bounce hi I'm here so can
you guess now it's time for naked I wish
a naked a mache oh yeah nigga ee oh oh
and now a segment I like to call naked
time with love it puts the best at the
lotion in the basket or it gets though
what is that from that's from a Hannibal
Lecter isn't it I think I saw that the
other day
hi I'm naked yeah okay guys I want to
dye my beard again you guys like it like
this or darker I kind of liked a darker
house gonna be funny if I dyed it like
like like yellow like a blond color or
like red bright red so I'm mixing my
epoxies so dangerous okay guys so I'm a
little bit behind on the vlogs my normal
schedule is I love to have all the
footage edited and compress the night
before I go to bed so then the next day
I can just upload it but with the kids
I'm going back to school and getting
them registered there's some other stuff
that's going on I can't tell you guys
about yet and I hate that I hate when
people say something really exciting is
about to happen but I can't tell you
just like well then don't even bring it
up but I just figured I'd tell you so
you guys will forgive me a little bit
for having a bean uploaded the video so
late lately and it's something that I
will
tell you guys eventually but I just
can't right now anyway sword dyeing the
beard so it looks sexy a little darker
I'm gonna take this off some I wanted to
talk to you guys about is um the other
day when we talked about depth in our
date video we're talking about money and
staying out of debt and all that kind of
stuff if you guys don't know or most of
you do I'm a huge huge Dave Ramsey fan
if you don't know who Dave Ramsey is
look him up
he has a has a website and he has a
radio show that he does every day and I
fell in love with him the very first
time I heard it we're living in Phoenix
Arizona and I had a job where all's I
did all day long was drive around
Phoenix and measure um granite
countertops literally all's I did is I
had a clipboard and a tape measure with
about ten houses on it and I would go
around every day and just measure these
countertops and have to measure them out
and then I go back to the shop at the
end of the day and I handed my
measurements and then they can cut and
fabricate the countertops Phoenix is a
huge city right and the traffic was
always like horrendous and that was
always the worst part so I was just
sitting in my truck literally like six
hours a day driving around to these
houses
now it gets super bored so I would like
try to find things on the radio that I
could listen to and I found Dave Ramsey
and I loved listening to him every day
because at that time you know we were
kind of going through some money
troubles we were trying to buy a house
in Phoenix and the economy was crazy
because then houses in Phoenix were like
going crazy like people were spending
the night at the new house offices to
buy a new house like concert tickets
literally people were the houses were
selling that quick that people were
waiting in line overnight to like when
the office opened in the morning so
people could get up and buy the first
house so we were trying to decide if we
were going to try to buy a house there
or move here anyways and so I started
listening to Dave Ramsey and just fell
in love with him and did everything to
exactly what he told us to do
I bought the books I bought the CDs and
it changed our life if you were to ask
me what is one thing if you're if you're
going to die today and you could only
have one thing that you could shout out
to the world that everybody would know
that you wanted them to know does
it's peanut butter on my face and I'm
like this is so important it would
simply be this get out of debt and stay
out of debt a lot of you guys were like
well show you how do you build your
credit score or how do you do is you
know to me a credit score is an I love
debt score I hate the credit scoring
system it's a mystery
nobody fully understands how it works
I've asked multiple bankers lending
people like how what really determines
your credit score and they're like well
if some of this and some of this but
sometimes it's this and so it's this
giant mystery whoever came up I hate
that I hate the concept that there's
like this number floating above your
head you know you just picture people
walking around like this could be a
perfect commercial like these credit
scores just over your head basically
saying if you're a good person or not my
dream was just to get out of that to get
out of that rat race of oh I gotta get
my credit score up I'm so worried about
what my credit score is and it's like
err ashamed like you could go somewhere
and you can't get something cuz your
credit scores low it's like so
embarrassing it sounds like you know
what screw this I don't care what my
credit score is I am never gonna borrow
money ever again and that won't even
look that I won't care it won't matter
what my credit score is I'll just pay
cash for everything
what che pay cash that's ridiculous
why would you pay cash for things why
would you actually have the money to pay
for something that you wanted I know
there's so many people out there that
it's just like I have to have it now I
have to have it it's a necessity
I need these $300 pair of jeans I'm at
the mall there's cute boys around I have
to use my credit card muthi my butt's
cute I want my Bunga look cute I'd have
to buy these I'll just use my visa just
this one time the greatest day of my
life is the day I cut up our three
credit cards he had three credit cards
and they were all maxed out and I
remember cutting him up and feeling like
Oh screw you guys
cut me some I never use them again and
that's been like four years ago and
today it's been hard it's not easy I
mean you're like oh yeah hey but what
about what about if I need a new car you
don't need a new car you can go find a
thousand dollar car that will run just
fine get you back and forth to work or
school or whatever you need and I'm not
saying I'm perfect
cuz I have I mean I have a lot of issues
I don't tell you guys about cuz they're
personal but that's one thing that me
and mommy tardive always just for some
reason have never had a problem with and
that's just like not buying stupid stuff
that we can't afford sure buy stuff I
like stuff every who doesn't like stuff
cool stuff I would love to buy a boat
someday but if I ever get a boat I'm
gonna pay cash for it I don't need
anything bad enough to be a slave to a
lender to a credit card company and
neither do you
alright so just that's just my little
rant like I said if there's one thing
that I could just shout out on the
rooftops and the mountains of the world
it is that the debtor is slave to the
lender if you owe somebody money you're
basically their slave so get out and
break those chains of bondage and get
out of debt like I said it took us four
years but now we are completely 100% out
of debt the only thing we owe money on
is this house and we're paying it down
quickly I'm gonna pay this house off
soon
so go check out Dave Ramsey you can
listen to his radio show online even go
check out his website he's not paying me
for this I would love that I would love
to work with Dave Ramsey he's like my
idol I actually met him once we went to
a conference and I shook his hand and I
was like so nervous I was like dude
friends in love you man okay guys so I
promise the vlogs gonna be back on track
tomorrow and I'm gonna make a commitment
to you guys that I will have the vlog up
four full seven days mark my word for
seven days I will have the vlog up by
didn't want to put myself in the corner
here um for 4 p.m. my time that's
Mountain time so that would be three
California time six New York time figure
out what time zone you live in because I
can't go over all the time zone so 4
p.m. in the afternoon my time I promise
to have the vlog up seven days in a row
ok I'm challenging myself because I've
really been slacking lately okay you
guys seven days four pm I promise I
swear on my diet beard it'll happen
okay I gotta go wash this off here's one
come with me in the shower
with string Carl oh baby yeah we're the
show where I watch my back would you
