the Shaytards bug just sit back relax
while
to the disco family and
people dislike
are you going to the ball and daddys
shirt yeah that's so precious my little
girl wearing her daddy's shirt Oh what
do you like it why are you wearing it
give my shirt off oh yeah that's my
shirt take it off you little brat I
wanted to show I totally laughed you got
me she walks in and she's like look dad
I was like oh
cute she's like she's like so happy that
it made her laugh hey are you ready the
students not ready we're gonna go
bowling going bowling we're gonna Bowl
this baby's bulb bouncing head down the
lane check this head out you can totally
chuck that down at ten pins right don't
take me literally please cuz you'll try
something I know you print start you
will be like later on tomorrow purchase
hard we'll be down here with rock tart
all by herself be like what was said
about throwing the baby's head against
something I'm not sure exactly what he
said I'm gonna try it Brad Berg all
right listen young lady listen ah you're
going into kindergarten and I'm gonna
give you a little daddy pre-kindergarten
test are you ready for a kindergarten
cuz I don't just let any old body into
kindergarten you got it you have to be
pre-qualified you have to take all the
prerequisites to get into kindergarten
you ready okay tell me the alphabet yeah
do it I'm serious I don't know you do
too
say hey
say it come on ladies
are you drunk he's your problem Wendell
oh yeah okay count to 20 oh yeah yes you
can do it go boom brat
you guys she really is smart actually
she she knows cuz centaur will be in
first grade but she knows how to read
just as good as Sun tire does she can
count through the alphabet she's really
like a head she's I'm gonna get you
she's the smart kid so far it'll be
exciting to see what her maybe I'm just
like saying that cuz I'm her dad but
maybe well she'll go to kindergarten the
teacher be like your daughter's dumb she
needs to go back to to preschool but
she's really smart
cuz you know I know that cuz I'm really
intelligent yo soy muy inteligente ay si
si bueno that's how I know she's moving
till a gente cuz yo soy that's muy
inteligente a on y'all Fritz esta say
Bridget our shotgun shotgun shotgun
that's not a shark gun it's a shotgun
and when we're talking about is where
the person gets to sit okay so baby tart
and princess tart are always fighting to
sit in this seat they always want to sit
in the front seat and they don't want to
sit in the back with the stinky boy son
card so print the start and baby turn
take turns every time and usually when I
come out to get him in the van one of
them will I call it dad I get to see
it's my turn to sit in the front seat so
I just told baby tart she needs to be
able to yell shotgun
this is dark check on say shotgun ya
know it's this guy can you say baby turn
I got shotgun yo shit gum you got a what
gun what if she said no I'll have to
love to review the table you call
shotgun with your friends
yes I always drove so I never was
calling shotgun it was always my friends
we're getting in fights about it and I
had always have to feel like I would
have to be the dad and settle I'm like
dude and he called first bro I'm sorry
like y'all dude Trevor call that he
called last night of the party or
whatever what I always had like sila cuz
like dude I called and they'd be like
sitting outside of my door like fighting
and then finally like look at me like
Shay but Shay what do you think she's
like just get in the dang car let's go
make out with more hot chicks so that's
it we just drive from house to house hot
chicks doesn't make out okay I had a
little where are we going on my going
left here we had a little toy I had a
little Toyota Tercel that my grandpa
bought the exact same day that I was
born is that crazy
he bought the exact same day I was born
so when I turned 15 years old I got my
driver's license and he gave me that
1980 Toyota Tercel yellow she totally
gave it to me and then like six months
later I rolled it twice yeah that's a
funny story I don't know if I should
tell you that story but it was a crazy
story but it did run after I rolled it
and then I just had to like pay to get
it fixed and then I drove it for another
three years but kids do not try to
swerve while going 40 miles an hour on a
freshly rained dirt road okay I don't
know why but that just seems like some
good advice to give you
especially when you're 15 and you just
get your driver's license and you almost
kill through your friends that's not fun
don't do it seriously attack the attack
the blonde chick that's my mom oh you
had a protector he's sweet he's just
protecting you he thought son Todd was
in a feature crap
okay no yeah yes they love you they love
you
it's mommy tarts turn to bowl as you can
see on the screen it's my turn turn to
bowl but she's busy she is gonna pass
Katie's turn next because she's getting
the baby so this thing they're like
brand-new here they tell how fast you go
you go first okay me and Logan are
having a contest to see who can throw
the ball down Holly passes and karlie
just went and she got twelve point four
miles per hour so here he goes Logan we
have a contest I hope he doesn't beat me
you hit the ground
I used to say see what it says what's it
gonna be oh we didn't even read it price
is too fast yeah it's probably too fast
I broke the reader oh look you cured
cancer with that one it was so fast job
okay we have a Miss um didn't read it
some reason didn't read it
so let me fast let me do it and we'll
redo it hold on problem with me is I
have really big hands so I can never
find bowling balls
that I can like get my fingers and
things are always too small so I usually
have like just palm it I got these big
sausage fingers
that's pretty bad
you should like baby let go she is
resting right now and she can't shut
your mouth it's good to learn experiment
sorry
alright let's see it lets see it what'd
he do you think you can just kick it
your that ladies you can't even bend
over let's see that what did who does
she think she is
hey lai Pele of the bowling world up
next my mom Carly I don't know
everything you say about that huh the
woman who gave birth to you
that's what you named her on the on the
bowling board oh great
got my turn get your butt up here Sun
Bowl okay
do not mess up and that'll be hilarious
this be all over the internet I thought
you're gonna eat it big stuff him
dang it out of an awesome oh I want her
to eat it
nice shot mom good job
did you see what your daughter named you
on the board that's not that's not nice
okay up next on the bowling alley at the
Shaytards video frat here we go
often at you rad Papa frat bit sets up
in stance going for 10 pins here frat
pimp has been out of the game lately he
rolls right down the aisle like frat
they've always done oh that's a frat
pimp punch go that's better
good job
and a slow process what's up to that
stepping over the line you know what
that means
slap to the head yeah it's in the
rulebook check it out it's in the
bullying rulebook mommy tired the
professional bullet you got a pretty
good style that's one of the things I
remember what I liked about you and we
first started dating is you had a pretty
cool kid like a pretty stylish bowling
stance I do think so I think that's the
only reason I love you actually okay
let's see it that's the wrong way you
need to go under here go down and in the
gutter all right do your way your
limp-wristed way come on dog let's get
some get some high RPMs on this dog
don't don't break the hemisphere you
keep hitting it on the ground box left
one standing with a little assistance
down the lane cover hello down the
landfill good job T work
you havin fun huh crazy little man
this helps the rotation of the ball in a
way that no one could ever really
understand it was called the sighs dance
bounce enthusiastically encourage your
bowling ball down the alley dance and
that's what they called it yeah so happy
she had like a dairy sound oh it's a
party in her head and nobody else is
there oh gee money just showed up to the
bowling alley
hey g-money what's going down dog that's
a pretty money show that's we brought
that gee money show to you live for
mommy tardes pull down the alley way out
stop g-money I'm gonna smack upside the
head could be your new hit single hard
my daddy we're here at the bowling alley
we all gotta play ball and we're having
best time we would ever have and they
ever tear wall damage I don't get Volare
would my daddy would let me know very
much make you sit in his band for this
band on let's do the chair leave a blank
in my onesie on I can't even go go once
in I just know but I don't think that
you like I don't like it I like I'm a
big man a big heart maybe I can't even
stand up you but I'll be like wait I
won't hold daddy talking with Danny dog
that's what he's saying in this head
right okay show us what you got
I am gonna get I guarantee you right now
i guarante
on my life on my beard and all that is
Puran and worthy in the world I swear
I'm gonna get a strike right here cuz
you have really buff it up
wow that is like
here we go I know so much consequences
why don't retire it's princess chards
turn what what was that I swear it if I
don't pick up this spare I will murder
all four of my here I go no pressure
okay okay ladies and gentlemen the
numbers are in son tard with a 79
princess tard with a 79 Cooper with the
63 and baby Todd Bolin an 80 for the win
where's the champion no she won lights
on I'm going no it looks like many turns
going first
hey dude you know what that is that's a
victory bowl right there baby tart nice
victory bowl okay good job bowling guys
we had I just want to take it as a funny
story yeah one strike
entire got a strike so we're just get
out of here like trying to vlog and back
out of the society area it's not very
much room it's hard to talk when I
concentrate if I'm gonna scratch a
minivan wrong anyways so we're walking
out of the establishment whoa hey hey
short shorts roof-like had no shorts on
I think it's like she's looking shoes I
got run around looking for toilet papers
hey speaking of we need to go buy some
okay I'm glad I brought that up
thank you I'm glad that girl go pants I
just walked by it to remind us that we
need to buy traffic paper
okay get to the point of the story so
we're walking out of the place and this
lady is saying with this other lady and
this guy walks up and the lady goes hey
stranger haven't seen you in a while and
then they started talking and to me and
sent her just walking and we get almost
to the van and send hurt says oh dad
somebody's over there talking to
strangers
and I was like success and he was like
so concerned like should we do something
and I was like I go no son tarde what he
was there already friends they just
haven't seen each other in a while and
he's like it's like but she said he was
a stranger that's like I know but it's
it's slang welcome to America
yeah we're nothing makes sense yeah he's
also really cute mama and I just wanted
to share that with you guys my little
boys growing up so fast
oh okay that son tard vlogging he was
just on a great story
so I was telling the story I was telling
the starting the car I think he's
mimicking me or mocking me I can't
decide which yep that's C wait can I
have one corn dog actually yeah and I'd
like to order that in honor of Hank
green and that's it that's all I have
everything we need
thank you dftba baby
what do you see ba I wonder if they're
nerdfighters I'm such a YouTube nerd but
they were like holla holla oh yeah hi I
couldn't I don't know if you can tell
but we're making a youtube video would
you like to be a participant in our
YouTube video I'm good okay
I had a great role laid out for you
you're a girl in the end you're gonna do
this cool dance move you're like a break
some stop and then be like the chick the
hot chick yeah granada' it's like the
viral but whatever okay we shut the
doors basket by possibly cackling he's
could have been the next nigahiga but no
fine I don't wanna do a video with him
fine if we do you with me
no we never do videos together her ass
cuz I can't afford me haven't you read
heaven you read Yahoo Finance hollow
echo turn the camera off now
oh I want I want to see my corn dog
