action anyway can't start this video yet
though we have to do something first
hey I didn't tell you I'm Yankee Candle
tweeted me on Twitter yeah the actual
Yankee Candle people they said I gotta
go back and look they said something
like hey Shay thanks for I don't know
but I don't want your tweets I want free
candles look my my pineapple cilantro is
getting low it's burning 20 horse yeah
it's always on my I have it all the time
you just want to see an expert twice ok
so I mean I'm freaking busy up to my
bald my eyeballs my eyeballs in in stuff
to do I'm sitting here paying bills it's
always fun when you get one of these
collection notice failure to answer
that's a that's a parking ticket I don't
like to pay the parking tickets I get
stopped I just I think you should be
able to like disagree and be like no
that's because show up that's because I
could you could sign up saying that you
can't park in a certain place at a
certain time doesn't mean you have to
pay $150 but I did anyway ok so no video
today
I don't know I'm like in the mood now
now it's like starting to get kind of
like cooler it's not so well September
pretty soon listen in some stores
there's Halloween decorations I know but
that's that begins it begins right there
you start to see the Halloween and then
the Thanksgiving and then before you
know it's all nostalgic time with the
snow and the wrapping and the tinsel on
you're gonna give me so many presents
this year horse open sleigh
Oh laughing all the way
Oh giant Christmas baby giant Christmas
baby
I am giant Christmas baby Rudolph oh
okay so this is what we talked about a
couple weeks ago when we made a video
that stirred up some had controversy for
no reason at all it was like so
frustrating to me a week what we named
it we called it one day two Sundays and
I got so many comments that said che
what does one take Sundays mean does
that mean you're not making videos on
Sunday ones that you're only making
videos on Sunday I'm like it doesn't
mean either didn't you listen to the
video and then that on Sundays we would
like to have a little bit more time to
spend with the family where I don't have
to sit at the computer for five or six
hours editing compressing you know the
six ins
what are they filming importing editing
compressing uploading processing
annotating seven teams and so on Sundays
a monitored wants me to be with the
family they want to have a sit-down
dinner and do all that stuff so she
doesn't want me we don't love yeah she
just doesn't want me sitting at the
computer all day and I kind of normally
do like I normally do here it is 5:20
and I've been sitting here since 10
o'clock this morning doing stuff but
I've been doing stuff I've achieved some
stuff today
you better have achieved some stuff you
guys like okay yes I paid this so we're
not gonna go to jail that's good
next time I land in LAX they're not
gonna arrest me anyway so on mondays
like today you're gonna get one take
Sundays now listen don't freak out don't
freak out
today we're still gonna make videos
seriously at that video it had been up
it was up like 20 minutes you're
vomiting all over my arm that's it was
up 20 oh dude that's gross that last
video if you guys remember some of you
didn't even see it cuz I took it down so
so frustrating but it was up for 20
minutes and there was 3,500 comments in
20 minutes like hey I just yelling at me
and I'm just like oh my gosh so I took
it down but
I am putting my foot down this time you
guys one take Sunday's only means that
they're gonna be one take videos like
this it's just as the name what it seems
is that we just do a video straight
through no editing no way I mean just
off the cuff that's what one take I love
this part we're watching Willy Wonka
that's our we watch Willy Wonka and the
neverending story it's like an out of
rotation anyways so we're going bowling
tonight and we're gonna get a lot of
good footage of that and we're it's
gonna be a long video tomorrow so long
it's probably gonna be an hour and 45
minutes long tomorrow so scared so don't
worry about it so see you guys tomorrow
we're gonna go bowling with the kids and
my parents and Carly style and and
what's that kid's name
Cooper tard okay so see you guys
tomorrow okay we should do a sign outs
wanna say anything look enemies I bet
you a majority the people watching this
video haven't even been looking at me
the whole time yeah they've just been
staring at sure I know jerks I know you
know looking at me you're either you're
looking at her or him her or him the
whole time you're not looking at this
did you get what I was doing there okay
let's make up
