sit back relax
- the thing she says to the team shape
hey rocked are you ready go okay bye
everybody
I might sit down okay let's go you
better listen thanks Carly sit down me
and mommy tiger go on a date and Carly's
watching those little aliens those
little sweet souls who we love check it
out mami tarde look at you so proud of
you mami turns made her own tomato
plants I think you look like Louis your
outfit I like the shoes I think you'd
look like Courtney I did oh yeah I
remember that you look like Kourtney
Kardashian for some reason to me today
take one of those shoes off let me see
it who remembers these shoes who
remembers I bought these which I love
you does it stink to me I know doesn't
stink it up you're perfect
I remember I was tweeting on Twitter
about those shoes I was trying to find
her some shoes for Mother's Day and you
guys helped me a lot of you guys helped
me pick him out because I was like I
never I tweet picked a picture a tweet
picked up a perfect picture of shoes on
the interwebs and you guys helped me
choose these ones that was these are the
ones that got most votes pic twit pic -
picture pick a picture of the
tongue-twisters liquor I tweeted a tweet
about a Twitpic picture of these shoes
that were slamming the Mother's Day mom
a woman ding dong you get to go our date
with us because you're a little bro
how can I fall I just honey
that's yours does mommy turned had the
salmon the the what is thy steak twice
baked potato
she had the spinach appetizer you guys
what did I have
I had the Caesar salad and that's it I
just yeah you know I'll tell you guys
what are we just talking about mama turn
we're just talking about no we're just
talking about oh yeah that's what we're
doing on dates it's like a business
meeting it always smells that way
doesn't it not even necessarily a
business meeting but just like a
conference of our relationship every
time we go out cause like when were with
the kids like rice the kids raise the
kids raise the kids raise the kid we go
on a day it's like how are we doing
how's our relationship do we still love
each other
do we still want to mix wheat sweet
sweet love sweet sweet sweet 7 sweets
sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet
sweet love we're just talking about how
much we love each other and how well
we're gonna like you so if this video
camera wasn't right now perfect anyways
this is a pg-13 episode of the Shaytards
no kids just mommy and daddy sweets we
love making chicken okay okay so what
we're just really talking about is one
of the things because you know when you
have the relationship when you're in any
type of relationship you have to build
upon common beliefs you know that's why
you have a relationship because you
think the same things and you like the
same things and you have these common
beliefs well for me and Mama tart one of
the major things about any relationship
is money especially in marriage not so
much when you're dating because when
you're dating
money is kind of separate but when
you're when you're married money I mean
that's that's a statistic that is a
known statistic is that what is it 70%
70% of divorces are because of financial
troubles of money fights and that's one
thing that me and mommy's heart agree
one hundred and ten percent on no debt
no credit cards no buying crap that you
can't afford that it's like I feel like
it's in so many marriages where the
husband's like I'm gonna buy my new
truck or I'm gonna buy this new hunting
boat or you know whatever it is it
doesn't matter what the item is is that
there's fights about money and there's
fingers pointing you where you spent you
spend more than I did and above up but
me and mommy tired that is one of the
easiest things for us that there are we
have sure we have we're also we have
plenty of faults like everybody else but
one of the things that we are so come
together on but I want to say symbiotic
is a neurology term and know is what is
the definition of symbiotic it's like
where a bird lands on an ox is back and
eats the bugs you're the bird is the
better for going for some reason I
wanted to use the word symbiotic I got
to look that up anyways me and mommy
tart are totally synchronized on money
as far as we do not fight about money
ever because we both totally 100% agree
on frugality that's a term right yeah
frugality no debt no credit cards and
save save save everyone camera like dude
I love this song
so good with money what I was thinking
it was I think in most marriages people
they buy stuff and they don't tell each
other about it cuz they feel like yeah I
deserve this I should have this why
shouldn't I have this because they work
hard cuz they you work hard you do to
deserve stuff I think the difference is
you have to communicate about it and you
have to realize that each other does
deserve things and you need to respect
you know and just talk about it and say
okay I realize you want this
you know maybe we need save up for it or
you know work it out with each other not
just be like well I'm gonna get this
video I want it now you know what I mean
honestly the biggest deciding factor of
why we're happy in our marriage it's cuz
we want to be we want to be happy we
wake up in the morning and we think
guess what it sucks to fight and hate
each other so let's be happy and love
each other and and we honestly it to me
that's that's really what a big thing is
is that we hate when we're fighting we
fight we can the stupid little fight
it's our fights are just the same as
your fights you know just stupid overrun
we fight about it mommy targets a a hill
a mommy Aaron chef or not framing me
right I'm like you thinking we get in
the stupid fight and it's not and that's
the point of it is that you're never
fighting about what the fights about
you're just you're fighting about
something different or you're just like
tired or you're just upset about
something else that's that's the point
is that you're always mad about
something else but you just take it out
grab something yeah you grab something
out of the air to fight about because
it's right there but really you're
really mad about something else it's my
face in the frame right well I'm retired
what's going on what's going on
not there yes so we took this little
time out of our day to talk to you guys
and we love you right tell me which we
love them and appreciate them so much
that marshmallow that is a big mellow
that's a big March biggest marshmallows
I've ever seen I dare you to go ten
yards for him you did not catch those
malos come to me I'll catch him I
guarantee you caught them ready nice
dunk it dunk it on the baby's face up
you dunked it on the shelf do it get in
there get in there
curl up you're fine just crawl up we're
in your hairs in the oil starts not here
so you have to do you have to do it when
Prince the Stars and I heard mommy tart
has to take the place of the fit in the
random spot flour shopping spots what
copy yeah wicker this is what we do
we're interested
did they Travis they drive disease I'll
this is what we do in our day this is
always doing our date you missed loser
I'm happy that I would but I'm mad you
little fired
epic fail don't fail still weekly just
know it
wait sure I'll get ready listen I'm not
gonna fail twice get ready get ready
I don't know if you're committed to
doing something nobody's ever done well
I'm not gonna be just doing it so I will
film it
you could check out
