no one changes Shaytards talk to
sit back relax while
- the thing is - the thing shape after
school
he put his life on
okay we're at the mall who's excited
guys I hate my kids are so obnoxious I'm
sorry
I hate them too just like you do I know
their brats are obnoxious saying I hate
your kids they're obnoxious they scream
obnoxiously you're excited to go to the
mall we have a white-trash mall you want
to know why we have a white-trash mall
dude I'm vlogging here check this out
Algie awesome about how when they come
clean that off it's pretty gross no
jumping in the fountain just throw money
in there and make wishes nice would you
wish for
Cooper would you wish for hopefully
gonna use that for I wish barrel down
David for a fountain 50 wish for this
balancing I don't have any more son
cards man with all the money
sundered always has at least four
dollars and change in his pocket it's
gonna be rich he's gonna be like Scrooge
McDuck this dude seriously always has
change you know why he does because
every time we go somewhere and he wants
to get a thing out of the gumball
machine he always likes kind of a
quarter and we never have one so he
starts finding quarters and he saves
them from we go to the mall is that what
you do it is don't you mr. moneybags
handing out the wishes here how does it
feel to be granting all these wishes
dude put the full what are you gonna
wish for
why not go inside dude you're gonna fall
in order all right oh are you gonna win
chala
where's really spying on some tarts wish
we're gonna find out right here why
didn't a person what's the doctors
wishing for I don't have any thunder
does all the money dude what Jewish for
just tell me I'm not telling me to cuz
it against the wishes it's against the
wishing rules where did you find these
wishing rolls I didn't know I just made
the lot you've made them up yes your
that so if you tell somebody your wish
won't come true centaur just made that
up good job he's a genius
check out our list of wishing rolls on
our website if Shay Carl calm did you
just go in the water
dude you just stole somebody else's wish
if you take a quarter out of the water
that means you stole somebody's wish
that already wish their wish that means
you're negative five wishes now tell us
son tard rule wishmaker what happens you
heard it first here folks
that's the ethanol mommy tard what is
our tradition every time we come to the
mall whatever it's called it's such a
waste of money it is ridiculous but it's
almost like a traditional and Sun heart
is dying to do it I don't have a dollar
dude what do you got a dollar in your
wallet do not tell me you have a dollar
no I got the pita where is he where'd
you get that where'd you get that money
hey where'd you get that dollar are you
embezzling money without telling me
where'd you get it oh that's where the
Tooth Fairy smile yeah he lost it to
another to baby tard Cooper you guys
gonna do it you want to do it you scared
you're not doing it okay just these two
have fun wasting up the money for fake
care oh it's two dollars see you look
you have to put two dollars in there man
that was let's go to your college fund
now you're wasting it on hurricanes not
skyla Couric
I gonna make a wish right now oh here we
go that's my wallet
that was my wallet when I was a kid you
stole my wallet
you're a wallets dealer her gums 14
miles an hour
17:20 but you want to go in there I'm
hard you go in there come on it's funner
when you go in there
she looks like the girl from grudge of
their hair
mommy's pouting in the hurricane how
long was that like 20 seconds do the
math how much is that an hour about 20
seconds $42 somebody figured out and put
it in the comments below what was it
couldn't been longer than 30 seconds
let's do let's do worst case scenario if
30 seconds we just go back watch the
video okay you guys you have homework I
know it's the weekend but you guys have
homework find out how much per hour it
is to sit in the hurricane simulator you
ready you ready The Grudge no that's the
the ring that's the ring yeah do you
guys want to see genius marketing if you
could sell something with a boy's
t-shirt that a little six-year-old boy
would love what would it be how about
your own set of walkie-talkies that's
right Johnny with this t-shirt you get
two walkie-talkies
oh you want that one oh what's even
better a video game controller what is
that is it like a gameboy so yeah you
can either have pair of walkie-talkies
with this shirt some white-trash gaming
console with that shirt truck with this
shirt and some headphones with this
shirt oh can you figure that out in your
head if it's thirty seconds for two
dollars how much is it per hour per hour
yeah
thirty seconds two dollars how much per
hour
two dollars for 30 seconds that's four
dollars a minute
60 minutes an hour so 60 times four is
240 well huh yeah 60 times four is cuz
120 yeah 240 240 dollars an hour I guess
I should have just let you guys do a so
I'd have more comments but I just did it
my head cuz I'm such a math genius where
somebody's not gonna be there every one
cuz it's a hypothetical mami tarde would
you know what you always ruined my math
equations now I know how Einstein felt
that's why I married his cousin you guys
know that about mine Stein he married
his cousin his first cousin I was
watching a biography the other day let
me talk to my sister actually was
creepy Carly's my actual wife I think I
would marry another brunette Oh gross
that means Cooper's my son they do this
is a big decision in your life seriously
your identity is based on your backpack
when your isn't it true when you're in
elementary school I remember us like I
knew kids buy their backpack it's like
cuz you're always standing in line at
the bus stop or to go out to recess or
to leave so some kids backpacks always
in your face so I was always like oh
that's Stephanie because of the pink
backpack is that oh cool I know you've
always wanted a pop it's what all right
crazy son tard listen you have to choose
wisely because I'm serious man big life
moment you like that one cuz it's a
guitar on it okay look around you know
make sure you thoroughly look I like
this one a lot you like this one dude
that's bullet proof right there that way
if you get shot in the back with a
sniper rifle you'll be fine but what if
they shot you in the face that was a
risk I was willing to take I like that
are you an angel do you like that one
princess hard you're gonna be a
kindergartener is that too big turn
around
things like a tortoise shell on your
back are you a turtle are you like Troy
Dalls centaur just seize this backpack
with flames and skull on it and says oh
is that the one for you this is like the
Harry Potter hat it's like what hat fits
you this is like the backpack the
backpack chooses you
Gryffindor why are these backpack so big
you can fit you can fit three weeks
rations in that thing it seriously looks
gigantic to me Mommy tart is gonna go to
a baby shower and she's like oh crap I
forgot a baby shows I what it's called a
baby shower baby shower and I said here
get into this super sizing up funny
would that be like you're all the circle
all the ladies are opening the presents
like oh how cute and the chief ends up
her present and she gets open range with
Robert Duvall and Kevin Costner happy
birth
this is a really good one honey our kids
have a pretty good imagination some tire
just came sprinting by me I go what are
you doing he goes I'm pretending I'm
running home from school oh there he
goes right on the bullies are chasing
you we're gonna kick your butt little
kid yeah I get back here he's running
after the boys oh so exciting like
nerves and excitement yeah sure
why not run crazy in the mall go ahead
to white trash mall anyways go oh no
running in the mall stop back there no
running at the mouth bad is that loud
it's Friday
we're getting crazy in the mall
watch out there's a race going on here
Mach set Oh
hi y'all that dude forget in my kids way
hey jerk can't you see they're mark
setting go here go around huh you want
some of this huh dude you mess with my
kids you guys just do whatever you want
your Shea turns yeah tear them all up go
ahead do whatever you want don't murder
anybody though I know you sit there and
you watch it go around then around then
around here's a funny thought about that
though whenever I'm walking through a
mall and somebody has like a quarter on
there that's going around I always want
to stop and watch it always want to like
to stop and watch it but then I feel
guilty so Mike that's not my quarter I
don't actually be able get the pleasure
watching that go yeah because I always
want to see it but I'm like imma put the
quarter down there something it doesn't
like really belong to me this is their
experience I just need to keep walking
we pulled through the same time Indian
so you can't steal other people's
quarter entertainment that's a rule if
you're walking through the mall you keep
your eyes straight ahead you do not look
at Mike for swirling around this that's
my quarter
don't watch our quarters don't watch our
quarters she was see she was trying to
watch our quarters
I know dude these are all ours nobody
else better look at them no broken dude
this isn't big band finale
Oh intensity oh we lost one now just a
quarter and we're only losing 25 oh it's
like Evel Knievel and Robbie Knievel
battling it out in the motorcycle doom
of death I'm the Sun but I'm the father
but you told me but I want to be the
champion of all the world people didn't
buy Rafi pity the house too entertaining
I feel like you may it's not funny now
because they were here mangy Carl -
mommy tard is a freaking flying rainbow
of a tornado mom that's what she is a
shining rainbow of a tornado mom she was
it's like we're getting in the band and
she's like flying around doing
everything getting the gift getting this
kid water putting that kid seat belt on
climbing around here she jumps up here
just to get a diaper for rock card goes
back there and then I asked where my
sunglasses are and she goes oh they're
in the stroller she jumps out of the car
without stopping to stop by she jumps
out of the car runs back opens the thing
gets the stroller gets my glasses run
Zach Johnson he's my glasses put your
seatbelt on and the light is still that
story and I was like that was a that was
a flurry that was a blaze of motherhood
aggression that you were just was like
it was it was amazing to see I was glad
I'm proud to be a participant into it I
just want just blazing motherhood mother
Ned you're so mother truckin motherless
what I said listen this funny thing just
happened in the mall which is another
leg this is funny but you weren't there
to see it so we're walking to Mike guys
yeah I got another story listen listen
to do I just happened you weren't there
but trust me was local okay so like I
was there with Becky and uh yeah hmm so
we're leaving the mall and this these
like four kids walk up and one of the
kids out of the group goes hey I've seen
your webcast show and I'm like I don't
think that's what it is exactly but yeah
I'm like yeah thanks man I mean thanks
for watching oh yeah I love your videos
are so funny than his friend he's like
looking at us like he's like oh like
this guy strain you this guy's treating
me like a celebrity but his friends like
why who is this guy
it's like fat dude with his wife and
he's like looked away seven kids but
yeah like sometimes you have all these
kids I was like why are you talking to -
he's like looking at his friend and then
he says to me he goes why haven't I ever
heard of your show I just go links in my
pants and he looked it in like and the
other kids started cracking up but that
dude was like pissed he was like what do
you mean in your pants he's like like
looked at his friend like you want to
fight me I'm like I don't know I go it's
just part of the show anyways you had to
have been there I thought it was really
funny it was funny I was there I was
there I witness telling mommy tard tell
me and bear witness witness Mumma Todd I
said please
other please I know you be a witness
mommy Todd yeah
Wow or is it rolling is it rolling
unpleasant encyc hora so there I was the
other day with my wife
what was his accent no I'm okay I was
just telling all seriousness I was just
telling mommy tars I said because what
happened what happened why were we
smiling something happened she said
something and we were laughing and I
looked over and just like smiled at her
and I'm like she's so hot my son honey I
want you to always be my wingman I want
you to always be in this and then I came
up with this brilliant philosophy where
I said did you guys know that men with
hotter wives pay 20% higher car
insurance because men with ugly wives
they look over and I like do and they go
too right back onto the road but man
with hot wives
it's it's proven it's point seven three
seconds longer it's that they linger
here their eyes are off the trajectory
of the vehicle and so thus the direct
rate with guys with hot wives is 12%
higher in the last fiscal year or
something better what I'm trying to say
is I think yeah well I'll take it okay
now now make up an analogy value about
house and hiding damn hard
hi that's cold that's cool isn't it yeah
it was but you know like a real bitch
what now yeah that's funny truly let him
you can't say that I will dispel the
sermon at a later point if this will be
edited out
Shane zero three four six nine that's my
edit code I was just telling him I
secrets only I will know while I'm
editing this video click six three
clicks to the right sign out wait what
did I say it was a fluid a funny flow of
blue of human interaction I said it was
a funny flow of human interaction
because we're talking about the naughty
word I just said and I just thought that
it was so funny
that we shouldn't edit the funny I said
that was a I was a rare moment in time
where two humans were randomly spouting
back and forth and it just happened
organically perfectly so it shouldn't be
edited so I'm sorry mothers and fathers
feel like your children watch my videos
it's your fault my fault I didn't say
anything wrong you can watch me every
day
check out can you let leaks in my bed
you know I'm saying traffic in Idaho ah
I move out of this junk whole state yeah
it's like you can't even get across the
city in under five minutes traffic in
Idaho yeah stuck in these lights all day
I tell ya yeah move out west to be
nitrous potatoes is that there I sit in
traffic all day hey buddy I'm walking
here you have five seconds you better
hurry up I'm gonna light the basement on
fire three seconds three seconds
Bobby carts late to the baby shower this
is an emergency let me turn let me turn
you got it yeah okay what do we do now
mommy darn um
hurry I need a bridge powers Oh get off
my bag that is sounding good it's like
Oh hate when it's lightheaded in here I
hate that weather
oh it's fall that's white-headed weather
Oh worse it's finally a Friday night
real dog split someone hanna's it
cinnamon beasts come on let's eat dogs
see she's ride a night
oh yeah
Oh mommy Tigers oh hi do me a favor
where are those in take those aunt Carly
and action my serious relationship what
do you become see TV one girl is there I
just kind to say I love you or hold rock
card sure just don't break him we kind
of like him we want to keep them around
for just a little bit longer just a
little bit you want to blow out the
candle well then it'll stink in here is
it your birthday princess tart is trying
to get back her wish from today when she
stole the quarter princess start it
doesn't work like that right son tart
tell her the rules you can't still a
birthday wish from a candle if you
already ruined it on the fountain wedge
that you stole just stole fizzy lifting
with drink you bumped into the sillies
it's nice to be washed and sterilized
you you lose nothing
you lose good day sir name the movie
