sit back relax
- the thing she says to the team shape
you guys want what what cream I see what
kind of cream is that you want some yeah
seriously how bad do you want it what do
you got you baby tard how bad do you
want some ice cream
because why
eat your dinner all gone so now you get
ice cream how much ice cream am I am I
gonna give you guys well why not a lot
the house is gonna be full of ice cream
they've heard how much ice cream do you
want you want a fried ice cream ice
cream white ice cream why so racist hair
cream beard cream that's from Willy
Wonka you guys like Willy Wonka in the
Chocolate Factory know what blasphemy
every kid has to like that movie that is
my one of my top 10 you like that movie
okay the only way you guys would get an
ice cream okay no ice cream for you then
if you don't like Willy Wonka then you
can't have ice cream you have to say I
love Willy Wonka no I'm not no if you
don't say that you don't get any I'm
serious say I love Willy Wonka it's up
to you dude I don't care one way or the
other so out you're willing to say
anything for ice cream stick to your
guns this is hard I'm gonna go get baby
charts some ice cream does it look like
you're getting any I'm not kidding you
have to say I love Willy Wonka you're
not getting the ice cream say it I'm so
serious I swear on an oompa loompa I am
serious if you don't say I love Willy
Wonka then you're not getting the ice
cream
how can a man with a chocolate River not
be loved by every child everywhere
answer me that
princess card entry that sucker okay
then you have to do five push-ups oh
you're not getting any but you won't say
you love Willy Wonka why not yes if you
do five push-ups but I just want to know
why won't you say you love Willy Wonka
no comment
five good push-ups get your butt off the
ground
come on Oh keep your back straight up
no that was do three more good ones
those were not good push-ups come on
back straight keep your butt off the
ground go all the way down up good down
three more keep going down up good one
more all the way down one more all the
way down keep your back straight back
straight go down all the way down and
all the way up go push nice that's
pretty good push-ups dude alright let's
go baby tired you have to do 100 sit-ups
something your daddy knows nothing about
hey you got your ice cream where you
going what's in there is this your house
you built okay let's see it so you go in
there you going in the house who built
this
oh yeah Jonah Littleford that's cool any
ice cream in here baby chart kinda bite
of your ice cream I can this is a hold
it tight your weak wrist this is a
rootbeer ice cream well hold it two
hands
thanks dawg hey does she do the snow
and one-horse open sleigh or the fields
we go
rocked are laughing now the weight
you're spinning on your little hurt what
does that say you're no match for my mom
your mom doesn't play tennis hey hey I
see you what's up dog what's going on hi
hi hey baby how's my baby boy hey Rach
dark eyes my favorite part hey hey hey
dude smile come on
come on smile for daddy he's ripe for
daddy he's mad for daddy okay
hey not smiling he was he was smiling
hugely a few seconds ago he was on this
little bassinet here ripping them this
dude I know it's gross you guys but he
can rip a flatulation like no other it's
like he's sitting here on the computer
and I'm like oh that sounded like your
mother nothing honey your mommy just
heard me I'm busted oh uh sit you have a
flagellation problem mommy tarde he is
here she's upstairs pop-tart
I just love you dude you're just so
chill you're so easy to deal with all
you do is lay there as long as we give
you what you want you're good you've
always laughed when I said that they're
like how's the baby I'm like he's good
as long as we give him whatever he wants
he's happy why bring it mommy tard bring
it mom tard but you know coz there's
some babies like when he cries it's like
cuz he wants his diaper change or he's
hungry or he just wants something so you
give it to him and he stops crying but
there's some babies that just cry and
you can't stop
okay what are you eating for your breath
what is this no like hmm it's a mixture
between motor oil and Oh Parmesan cheese
make him smile for me hey make her smile
hey hey make it yeah this is what you
gotta do you gotta touch his chin like
this here film it takes two hands to
make this baby smile ready I'm making
salad guaranteed every single time if I
do this he'll smile get all that spit
off your face come on baby
hey I'm on a mission do you want you to
smile more for your daddy your daddy is
here and he's asking you to smile smile
oh you don't always does it is when I
pour a hot wax on his head
oh I'm so exhausted I just exerted all
my obnoxiousness in one sitting
I've no more obnoxiousness to give I've
spent oh he took all my noxious sniff
that's what I run on that's how I
survive I have a certain limited supply
of obnoxiousness and that's my fuel I
run off of it's like it's like petrol
for my body
hey oh he's standing up he's all by
himself ready 1 2 3
he was doing a squat well time flies
when you're having fun with your new
board baby
see you tomorrow
