talk
to the family
my sister's on TV check it out that's
not Carly I'll kick your ass Connecticut
University was a violation of title nine
by eliminating the volleyball team and
introducing a competitive cheer team I
think that a lot of people have a pretty
blind sight on Tralee they don't
understand how birds even how hard it
can be and I think that yes you know
that judge's opinion is definitely going
to weigh on a lot of people's opinions
and maybe even change their minds for
many young every year and it becomes
more competitive and harder every year
competitive new cheerleading team they
call loyalty cheer they're hoping that
they can inspire and change the stigma
around their sport giving other young
children and adults the benefits oh you
can you can take cheerleading in cool
places with you you can get an education
at college and you know that's really
important you know getting those
scholarships to help pay your way see
what did I say yesterday you don't have
to be a biatch to be a cheerleader
sure leaders could be cool too five six
seven eight they're going to teach
team-building and even warm confidence
right so if you've got a child
interested in cheerleading tryouts
they'll be held this Saturday cool
Carly's a famous cheerleading coach
she's having them she's starting to new
it's like what is it a competitive
cheerleading team and that gym that we
were at the other day
she's gonna be teaching there and that's
where princess tarde goes to gymnastics
so Carly has like her own like
cheerleading team that she's gonna be
the coach of that's really cool yes
baby are you wanna be in gymnastics
gonna do tricks on the trampoline you
wanna be a cheerleader yeah I do all
right sounds good don't leave it down
down hey you ready we're gonna clean
this truck
is a mess oh it stinks so bad
that's where Logan puts all the grass
stinks huh what does it smell like like
horse poop hmm I love a little horse
poop in the mornings yeah Logan always
puts the bags of grass back here after
he's done mowing the lawn
I think it's piled up and sits there for
like two weeks and then he takes it and
dumps it but it's teks threads it's hard
clean the truck if they get your he-man
the hose out there Freddie okay you
gotta hold it tight it's gonna spray
strongly nice job
those big beefy tires clean those babies
off this truck is so old it's got this
truck probably almost two years ago now
it was I thought I'm gonna get sprayed
I'm gonna be careful I stand over here
don't spray me grow out and back to the
truck hold on the trigger harder please
the trigger has a lot of power
a job dude
nothing you don't have graphs I owe it
anyways I saw this truck it was like a
one owner truck the guy who owned it he
worked he
the job he had was selling motor oil so
he always put the very best motor oil
and the money could buy he was like a
old motor oil salesman they always put
that in this truck so the motor in it is
like excellent I haven't had to do one
thing to it it's no truck it's like an
87 I think 87 Dodge Ram 50 but I love it
it's nice cool tires on the gas but good
I used to drive it too much the z103 I
had to drive like 30 minutes every night
they're back so I Drive it an hour every
day to commute with and they always did
really good
so good little truck I like it nicest
thing about this truck is it has a
really nice rhino lining in the bed it's
like the truck is all like rusted like
look there's all this rust and stuff on
it but the bed has this really really
nice Rhino Linings bed covers guy that I
was gonna buy it from he said he was
about to rhino line the entire truck you
know that is it's kind of like like this
is rubber stuff they turned on its
really heavy duty and a headlight
cassette to stop getting scratched
said he was just gonna write a line the
entire truck look at the paint job kinda
like all messed up and stuff and I
thought that would've been cool but he
said it was like we talked like $1,200
so if it really were
a little story about my truck you never
get enough attention I thought you guys
about it thank you Shay your card has
been charged five dollars and 62 cents
these are smart they're not good for the
customer because you I always spend more
money I think when I have these what
it's all clean what do you think a
little truck is all clean because this
is a card reader you can put your debit
card in here and then it just charges
you for how much time you use but I'm
always used to come in here with change
you put your change in here and then
this clock ticks down and so you're like
always in a hurry and then gets down to
a minutes you're like spray spray spray
spray spray because you see you only
have a minute left with the card it just
charges you as you go so I don't feel as
pressured and I always take more time
when I use my card so if you own one of
these little you know car wash places
you should investigate one of these
things I don't know card made or
whatever you'd use but I always use
probably at least $2 more because of
that I'm not all freaking out cuz my
gets on my card I'll just charge me for
what I use instead of putting the
quarters in good job dude
give me five thanks for your help you
ready to go all right let's go I'm not
the kind of guy who like is a big car
guy like I don't really care in fact I
almost would rather not have a brand-new
car because I get so like anxious that
it's gonna get scratched or something I
love having just an old reliable truck
it's like I don't care you know I'll
kick it I don't I can take up with the
mountains I took it up I'm every other
day I took it up where'd let me show you
this I got this giant scratch because I
went up this dirt road or was it cuz I
went up this dirt road the other day and
went through these bushes and I like
giant scratch just right there on my
Fender I don't care who's like the
fenders not even painted anyways I like
that a lot better because if I have a
new truck I'm just like I can't relax my
god careful don't scratch it don't ruin
it so I'm not really the kind of car guy
I mean one day I like to have like a big
Quad Cab Toyota Tundra or something one
that I could like fit my whole family
and I like the convenience of the truck
so you can like put some in the back or
toast something but now as long as this
little baby's running I'll try just keep
rocking with it do you guys love
ridiculous commercials commercials that
are you're like are you serious let me
tell you guys a little star real quick
way back in the day when I was a
constructional list that's not actual a
real world
that's not a real word when I did
construction constructions when I did
construction I had an idea for a tape
measure that I wanted to patent the idea
and I wanted to sell it here was my idea
I was always measuring things cuz I you
guys know what did i do what did i do
what did I do
I did granite countertops I was always
measuring countertops and I always had a
tape measure on my belt right here on my
side but I always lose my tape measure
and it always happened we're always
looking for tape measures so what I
wanted to do is invent a little thing
where I was like it was like a janitor's
set of keys
where you know how a janitor has his
keys attached to his belt loop and he'd
pull it there's like a string you know I
mean like there's like I don't know what
I don't know what they have it's like a
little wheel or a little metal thing or
something where they would pull the keys
out notes always attached their belts
like you're like unlock the door and
then let go the keys and they goes right
back to the belt you know I'm sad so
that was my idea for a tape measure
I wanted to invent a tape measure that
had one of those attachments to it where
I could be like measure something let go
of the tape measure and it one-zip right
back to my belt because I was always
losing my tape measure long story short
I called this company invent tech I
think it was them invent tech where I
wanted to invent this tape measure
because I'd never see one on the market
well they were a giant pain in the butt
to deal with and I never made my great
invention for this tape measure but I
just saw this commercial and I wanted to
show it to you guys this dude invented
some sort of years have seen this
commercial he made like this little you
know I don't know water thing that his
kids could go through and he made money
on it because invent tech or whoever
these people are they saw it to whammo
the invention of the frisbee these this
toy company and he made money but what I
love about this commercial is the very
end of it are you ready for this
listen to the end of this commercial
we'll stay for made a financial game
with his invention
those experience is not typical and most
inventions are not successful or what
most inventions are not successful this
dude bill was a lucky sob and he's like
the only person who ever was successful
at getting an invention patented on our
website so good job business
what are you information called twenty
hundred ninety six to eighty six
sixty-one invent help good job bill
Schafer and invent help because the
little little you know whatever the
water thing with the kids that's the
only thing they've ever succeeded in so
good job I mean if you guys have a good
idea for an invention go ahead and
submit I'm just bitter because I
remember I thought that this this tape
measure inventions that I had was genius
but I never went anywhere so I'm always
bitter like since that has happened I've
always been bitter against these invent
tech are these people who are like will
patent your product because I was like
this is a genius idea and if I I want
this product like this would help me so
much but the guy who I dealt with was a
giant d-bag and he always just wanted
money he's like I would need more money
we need more money for the licensing and
the patent pending and it's just
ridiculous so be careful if you guys
have a great idea and you submit it to
one of these things
