I changed
sit back relax Paulo
- the thing chase has to the thing
the school family and
he put his
four years overdue
this definitely needs to be blocked
get off your mom bum in come on Ivan my
bum I'm not don't do that he hit me in
the genitalia Carly he's my protector
your protector
all right training school so you can
protect me let's go what is it okay well
fold your arms and be reverence yes baby
tart is she had way too much to drink
tonight she's a cut-off baby charge you
passed out again
she passed out
hey baby tart what's up you tired
oh that's like I think I remember being
that tired as a kid you're like I am
just so tired I'll just lay on this bath
man
that'll be comfortable I remember when I
was in seventh grade I was in band and I
played the clarinet I would be so tired
I remember just thinking if I could just
lay down on the ground right now I could
fall asleep like that you ever have that
where you're just like fighting for your
life to stay away can you just do it oh
so we're going to get school supplies
oh did you forget your list yeah I knew
it I know things that I know I'm so
tired today I am exhausted with a
capital X I
shrinkin Oh today's vlog was a big clog
to edit I don't really ever talk to guys
about that do I about editing the vlog
today I had 27 minutes of footage and I
cut it down to like 19 minutes that's
about normal
you know I'll cut if I have I don't take
that much footage every day really if a
video is 12 minutes long I probably had
15 minutes of footage today the video
was 19 minutes long I had 27 minutes so
I cut a lot out actually today we had
too much that's what I hate because on
days we have really big vlogs like I
haven't filmed anything today because
I've been sitting at the computer for
eight hours I may I edited mommy tards
video if you haven't checked it link
down here go watch it you know she
thumbed it but I edited it for her and
uploaded it and I added our vlog and
uploaded it so you know it's like I sit
at the computer for 5 or 6 hours nothing
fun to a videotape it's not even
videotape this is a video fire this dude
over here staring at us watch them kids
doing their newfangled little what I
know one anyway so we're going to get
you we need to go get the last or just
yes yes - basically I'll probably miss
something you better quit but I have an
idea of what I need I need
just like pencils and paper and hex
every every first grader needs a good
hatchet that's what I always say yeah
George Washington had a hatchet why
shouldn't our first grader right son
tard
you want a hatchet to go to the first
day of school with what if we did that
just as an experiment to see if I'm not
or not they brought my dad's that I need
a hatchet get prints a start a crowbar
they'll show up nobody won't mess with
them yeah he'll be gang member tardes
because I'm not for the middle of it I'm
like staring contest oh you lost my long
lost to a six-year-old that I don't have
one with me ready I am cuz I was a
holding the stairs you were doing good
okay ready me and you staring contest
you ready set go
I cheated you and good job he's a
cheater
what oh thanks for sticking up for me oh
you're so sweet
what Vinnie oh right right right right
yeah you're right I am a cheater
I remember now I didn't do a lot I
should have knitted that I left that
part out hey you ready hey hey me and
baby tired having a serious ready go
you bleep three-year-old can't beat me
yeah
retaliation okay you guys I'm hunting
you guys know what I'm hunting for the
what Oh
hmm the ninos no I'm stalking somebody
right here right there there it is baby
oh-ho-ho I see your reverse lights come
on give it up it's Shay Carl's spot you
know that's mine Pontiac Grand Am get
your bum out of the way get your bum out
of my best spot in the lot haha bowling
right in best spawn the l OT dogs you
will use popped yeah got it
best hey guys best spot in the lot
they're like but you go on that which is
got the best spot in the lot let's see
what is it is that a pencil holder oh
that's uh what's that movie the dragon
one how to tame a dragon how to tame a
dragon how dragon I knew it first and
first there is a dirty heck Oh
somebody's New York Mets hat just left
there ooh nasty mommy I need hand
sanitizer I touched the dirty sweaty
Mets hat hey did you get your English
assignment done hey I bet you didn't
even staring at me on that long way
instead of doing your mathematics you
guys know what that is - you're in love
with him do you think he's handsome
I just heard your mom yelling to me why
we're high alright oh geez how rude I'm
so sorry
it was my first time driving the cart
she was pretty honey I flirted with a
girl over there
there is a ton of people here tonight
it's definitely back-to-school look like
everything's gone these were all full
the other day I remember now they're
totally geo any Walmart is taking over
the world we're helping them Hey Baby
Jogger he got there oh you know what
that is you know what this is yeah no
it's a dead horse yeah this little
horsey in here they melted him up and
put him in that bottle here you go
glue some paper together what are you
what are you talking about super sticky
oh sorry excuse me I'm trying to vlog
here yeah I don't care if you're trying
this job for school right now what your
first sticky notes yeah um this kid um
actually there was those two commercials
this kid you want to know to get the
sticky note of that a picture of the
soccer ball hey can he cut to the chase
a little bit quicker here he got in a
stolen then he jumped up he jumped up
from the wrong grabbed it and then he
was hanging he hung from the sticky note
son tard that's false advertising and
then that ain't gonna happen
yeah did just cuz it's on TV don't mean
it's true dawg talk to your son are
there any other numbers what about these
right here I was just thinking that what
other number pencils are there because
on every test you have to have a
number-two pencil like the type of land
oh I see mommy tard I have bad news oh
so sad baby tarts been put in prison so
sorry she's spending five to life dude
she's been in the barn for amazing baby
arms of Steel
whoa she's been in the prison bars she's
gonna bust out of there and get the
people who put her in there vengeance
will be ours
sure why not I don't see why you
couldn't go in there looks like baby
tard went in there
what's it come on no let's go ten like
we don't know her she's it's too late
for her we can't save her huh bye love
you
you wanna get out of jail all right come
on come on you to break through the bars
jump hurry jump for freedom you're so
not just mommy card oh I've always
wanted to have a billion dogs no yeah I
was gonna say how many how many girls
are gonna lose their virginity and get
pregnant because of this song
good job Katy Perry who wait a way to
increase teenage birth rate in America
good job way to spread your morale ah
that's fantastic
what's that you wanna show your boobs
cool I'd love to see him she's the devil
gets I love you Oh as a begun it's
because of the gun did I just embarrass
you sons are embarrassment hi I'm Betty
oh dude you have a long life Betty have
a long life you little boy if you think
that I have yet to begin to embarrass
you I could just ah these kids are gonna
live a hard life dude yeah quit saying
something but I go on their dates just
like in film and make jokes
hey gonna kiss are you gonna kiss her
sundered you get a kiss her huh huh huh
hello oh so good that would I talked to
you earlier
ah well I wish it was you
because we would have like built a
rapport you know and it'd have been like
hey
we've built it now just now oh you heard
you heard it okay so you go they put it
over the loud you know who you're
dealing with
so you can hear everything it's like
you're the CIA or something
agent refried bean reporting for
servicecircuit that was a good one
up top dawg the CIA have Paco's I liked
that those toe tell him you get a raise
too
I'm promoting you from within
here's Hooper's incentive all right
thank you bye she totally thinks I'm
wasted right now oh maybe maybe we
should just have for me it's for my
sister this is not for me she called us
and she wanted this food clarification
no I totally almost hit the wall no no
thank you would've been a really good
vibe oh my god that was stupid thank you
people love you bye
next time do hit the wall then we'll see
how you react in a real life I've been
like turn the camera right here's your
taco Braille why don't you talk about
everybody row are you nice chips up stop
watching your own videos loser tonight
what did you do oh I can't believe he
did that what a mean dad what else she
loves my shirts that's on the clothes I
can like return eyes are up here dude
hey what's there in your aunt's cleavage
it's so funny he'll be like sitting
there like looking at you and then I'll
slowly like pan over and I like look at
your face finally and then I'll go oh
there you are
he'll be staring off into space and I
like to be looking around and you'll be
like rock to rock guard and
I'll catch eyes with you and ago like oh
I found you where were you you are
hiding it's weird you guys this is
probably a no-no as I said no no Carly
Carly tard I'm rockin all six of my
candles I mix them up you know I do the
suicide smell you know I like all of
them individually but what better than
putting all those delicious smells in
one sweet elegant effervescent smell
that's delicious I love it it makes me
hot if I got like a little campfire
right here on my desk who's that
supposed to mean I need more candles
I dramatic balls neurotic to the blows
sometimes i give myself the creeps so
does my my place tricks on me hi hi hi
it all came setting up ah I think I'm
cracking up plum by just paranoid I went
to a shrink too and I like my dreams she
says it's like a sweet tender love
that's bringing me down yeah went to a
whore hey sighs I mess up or oh I
couldn't hear you guys I just had my
headphones on what's going on and our
precious baby Todd turned into a lamp a
lamp you say were you watching some
Michael Jackson do not do do I'm nine
joka do not I repeat cysts and cysts at
cease and desist oh okay
don't blow up my candles this is a very
structured it's it's setup just how it's
supposed to be good okay what time is it
is it 10:48 is the time to go to bed
what do you guys want to stay up yeah
all right I'm letting you stay up you
know why I'll tell you why because when
mommy goes to the gym in the morning and
she leaves me here with you guys
you wake me up because you guys are loud
and you're jumping on me and obnoxious
so my goal tonight is let you stay up
and to let your little your little tiny
bodies wither away to practically
nothing so that you will sleep and so
one of the afternoon tomorrow I'll turn
it off we like Michael Jackson more than
you dad oh he's like the King of Pop but
you're just like the king of fat bearded
men on the Internet
