so you are not watching the shades are
watch and sit back relax following water
to the same shape as to the things he
does for the team family and just
because he gives life on live in me you
gotta burn less home for to do so let it
be clear all right
use blogging here are you ready
boring really
it is a DEA utiful day we're about to
ride the teacups at Disneyland aleady
and actors like for me so I'm glass I'm
like
like Shay how'd you get to where you are
today I always said this what my my job
is what my career is is a dream come
true of a dream I never knew I even have
did not smile on the D cup which bus are
we on we're pregnant on come on pregnant
tard all right guys we're getting ready
for the Mommy and Me shoot now okay
happy years old Oh preciousness of
beyond all compare I'm a little bit in
this phase one phase is that whoa you
want to come where this decide pretty
sure I look ridiculous you look
beautiful swing swing from the tangles
of my heart looking hot
is my mommy charred I've been flirting
with this girl on the deck next to me
all weekend jump on time mom I love you
I sit down my computer to see bigger the
movies let's go you ready oh my goodness
that's crazy put your eyes in there dude
and see where are we going going again I
had cuts bro what up bro up top dawg
we're such a happy family
say you love me is it coming in nice
turn around for me
handsome rocking the shake Carl sure bro
you like the coolest kid I know I'm some
tard got a blast
okay let's even climb in there alright
climb up in there no no no you're way
too heavy I mean not that you have used
another letter letter letter that I
she's a natural-born performer if you
can't tell
whoa that's a great move do that thing
you do it gymnastic yeah you guys have
spring break that's why princess are you
ready better hold on tight it's just
Emmy how are you doing excited baby tart
hey what you're doing what do you think
it's just look at everything okay show
us where did you find it what do you
think about it do you like it you do
baby tart she's that fun that's fun
busted
you just got busted dude yeah you got
busted sucking from the kids each got
grandma tard
a letter that they're gonna give to her
where did you find this shell yeah they
look like real shell is that we gonna
get are you excited are you excited for
this journey dude you're like the most
traveled baby in the world tell me
what's going on you got your strike
boots on I told you to put your shark
boots on good all right what are you
doing everybody likes you as a vlogger
better than to me Katie rock-hard ready
to sign some autographs meet some people
yeah
oh good job
fine would you find this kid she's been
playing with this will for like
okay buddy come on that's crazy to see
it written on paper like that and like
how is this gonna change our lives even
more because our life is gonna change a
little bit better
it's just
it's just a cool family be good to each
other
people
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome and your wife is
no my light on the takeoff you're
smiling on the takeoff no smiley on the
take-up of
