shake
sit back relax
Shay says to the Bing shade
for you
so I just woke up don't judge but um
we've been playing beauty parlor this
morning because baby toy got some fake
nails for her birthday party I was just
sitting here helping baby tart with her
fake nails and Princess hard as working
on my toes so I wanted to show you the
wonderful job she's done on my toes
butchy toes beautiful silver nails I had
some other nails on our other hand so
she had two hands of nails and she was
like this she realized I can't suck my
thumb with this thing on like maybe we
should get her some acrylic nails so she
can't suck her thumb good idea hives
like nope
I took them off immediately sing it baby
tard everybody wants to eat everybody
eat so that verse is harder mom she's
singing with me baby tired
you do the beat where are you going
so like okay i'ma this is an interactive
vlog lens is dirty hold on why are these
doing oh come here let me show those I
don't even showed those yet mr. Arturo
trail he has no home and he is
they sent us these M&Ms it says baby
tard and rock tard and a shake hard
family and they were said with his face
on him where'd they go there's mr.
Arturo's face the M&M bunny and where
are those onesies YouTube sent us oh go
get those guys YouTube what you use
YouTube's sent us okay go get up gosh
that's our buddy Arturo trios say Arturo
anyway so you guys know what I want to
do today and I feel like this is so
girly but mommy tard cuz it kind of
sometimes it stinks down here in my man
cave and it's Malachi's fault because he
you know he has his little bed over
there and he flatulates it's not my
fault and so it stinks down here so mami
tarde brought me one of these candles
down here and it's much more pleasant
and it's about to run out so I think
first time in my life I need to go
candle shopping I need to go candle
shopping for my man cave my friend Kevin
that works at YouTube sent us these and
their little onesies for on the dark
it's cool with the Hungry Caterpillar oh
so cute next and a YouTube onesie we've
got to get him in is so cute
I wish I had a big youtube onesie for me
YouTube onesies would be suck I would
love to wear a onesie if they had a big
ones easy super comfortable you guys
send me one somebody send me YouTube
onesie are you eating my M&Ms forget
unitards we do onesies now yeah we're
onesie tarts keep your dirty rotten
hands off my imminent I'll go buy some
golf clubs oh and me and sometimes
talked about maybe going golfing we'll
see alright so you you're taking
princess start to gymnastics okay you go
to gymnastics and me and Sun tart are
gonna go candle shopping she'll just
stay here at home and she'll watch
Malachi okay are you taking are you
taking rock card with you yeah alright
she'll come help us handle shopping so
we were just walking out of gymnastics
they wanted to ask princess chard how
gymnastics went but she said don't talk
to me I'm pretending I'm alone so she's
alone I can't actually but I think she
had fun I can tell you that much excuse
me ma'am ma'am that's why I'm pushing
against the door that's not is your mom
crazy oh she's still alone I'm being
shunned me
how long till you're here how long I
need an ETA I'm not gonna I'm not I will
not know what how long tell me five
minutes where you out
okay see you five minutes love you bye
my wife um you guys check out what I
just did
yes look my very first facebook video I
made a video and put it on my facebook
and I'm not gonna put it up on YouTube
or anywhere else it's just an exclusive
Facebook video for my book of face home
eBook facers so if you guys add me on
Facebook you go watch that video check
out my link in my candle bar come on
slim chard you ready TV
gone extinct some days I just can't talk
come on dude we have a very important
mission your mom's coming to get us and
we have to go find a candle a special
candle baby tardo hi you ready go candle
shopping and your new snow white dress
that you got yesterday for your birthday
cutie face alright let's go go on candle
shopping cuz Daddy dogs man cave needs a
new set baby I said it was baby turns
birthday yesterday it's night it wasn't
her birthday yesterday but we had a ton
of family monte tardes brother and their
seven kids were here and then her sister
and her three kids then our four kids
and Carly's one kid we had I should have
filmed it but it was just so crazy in
the house we had 15 not even joking 15
kids all of them under the age of 7 most
of them under the age of 5 6 15 kids in
our house yesterday craziness I know and
it's just like there's so much family
here you know for all cards blessings
it's like I don't know who all wants to
be on camera who wants to be in the vlog
so I didn't record much of it sorry
about that but it was a crazy day and
then all you know all the you know baby
tarts cousins gave her presents and
stuff so yesterday was kind of like
another birthday for her baby card show
off your snow white dress you got
yesterday turn spin around spin around
do you love it turn around
is it your favorite ever do you love it
princess tart center gymnastics you
dancing
you're so gonna be a cheerleader is that
funny like there's such a negative
connotation towards cheerleaders isn't
there I know mama Claire was a
cheerleader mommy wasn't a beyotch she
was a cheerleader listen you don't have
to be a biatch to be a cheerleader you
can be a nice girl and be a cheerleader
and breakfast hard will be or will beat
her throwing the frickin lid on the
ground this summer's night
Yankees candles I feel like such a I
don't know what I've done like a
connoisseur of candles I like that one
which is a way into a river of not
caring about your problems and not
smelling like other people's feet okay
yeah
smell-o-vision you drop and break one of
those candles I will make you do slave
labor okay that's what i'ma do you get
small ones to try it see if you like I
am I think I'm cuz I like I've smelled
like four that I like can I get these
kind do they have like little here
that'd be weird if I have like six
little candles in the basement oh okay
will this do this like once it lights
will it like melt and fill at the bottom
of the glass will always be in that
shape II think no it won't out and then
it'll like fill in the thing right yeah
but it well you know what I mean like
will it like stay that same shape or no
it well yeah it'll fill this little bowl
I think that's what I'm gonna do cuz I I
like like before thee another one I
really like is beautiful day this is I
can tell there's many times that I will
really like this sometimes I won't like
it
so I want to have the option you want to
have
saij citrus is also one of my nostril
favorites did you try the other side the
other side has like holiday yummy are ya
oh my goodness gracious
oh yeah cilantro it's good do you smell
- I love that one - that's really good
pineapple check it out pineapple hey
Yankee Candle why don't you send me some
free ones that smells so good
definitely that's a definite line F word
fun many this is how I felt
are you overload are you having so much
fun right now that's that's I think I
might that's my new favorite weirdness
sweet pea really you mean that it's like
a fresh fresh laundry yeah fresh laundry
hanging on the line
this smells like cupcakes
I think babies are just smells cupcakes
I didn't eat just like in her nose to
smell cupcakes okay so I'm gonna try to
narrow it down to like four or five here
I'll let you know which ones I get I
can't believe I'm such a candle nerd I'm
like genuinely stoked yeah your house is
gonna smell good I got five cents I
would like to share them with you now
you want do not follow his example it's
okay to swear when you're joking no okay
rips when I got loved this way
mm there's gonna be so many good times
with this one garden sweet pea that's a
delicious one it's hard for me to hold
the camera because I want to grab this
and snapped up vanilla lime Oh now this
isn't my favorite but I can tell there's
many times when I'm gonna love vanilla
lime
coming up next this is a drift away this
is a nostalgic scent this is like you're
sitting in an oar boat you know Robo and
you just just thing about your life
just chilling having a good time
drifting away grandma just died I don't
know that's lots of fun I mean this is
gonna be an all-time favorite this is
like a candy black cherry and my
favorite I didn't get a small one
because this is my favorite because I am
I'm the biggest fan of pina colada and
do they have pina colada I didn't see
pina colada and if they have unique lot
I'd get a lot of pina colada but this
reminds me a pina colada
it's pineapple cilantro de L I see IOUs
and that smells good smell it you love
it maybe I should get on do it again
smell again use it as deodorant I would
probably like you more if you probably
smell like this anyway so I got five
different candles and I can't wait to go
home and just search the internet while
smelling these can this this video not
sponsored by Yankee Candles yank the
people who run Yankee Candles are a
bunch of fat losers just say something
mean about it like something we're
talking about just so you know that
we're not promoting something here's a
good rule of thumb if we are if we ever
are promoting something there will
always be a link some sort of internet
link in the pants bar but as you will
see there will be no Yankee Candle link
but this will be in my nose nonetheless
I love how the carts are little so our
little snow-white can push it
what's he doing he's sleeping hey loser
wake up we're hanging out just chilling
what are those Pez dispensers I'm sorry
to tell you that your great-great
grandpa Jehoshaphat died from a PEZ
dispenser in the 1800s was the very
first PEZ dispenser ever sold he choked
on it died so we legally cannot even buy
Pez dispensers it's it's part of the
settlement we had with the best what'd
you call me a liar not only is this
romantic it has great acoustics guys
those right here yes I want to tell you
something well this is what was so right
here right hey you guys behind these
boarded up windows is where I decided
that I was gonna marry that girl
right in there this is the forgives all
of the story the very first time I ever
laid I bought my tart eyeballs on this
beautiful woman she was in a play that
was called anything goes and she was the
character Reno Sweeney in the play
anything goes I came with my friend to
this place they had like a what was it
just like a it was like they did classes
and plays or whatever in there it was a
theatre company and I just came with my
buddy my buddy named Derek and we came
to watch because his brother was in it
he was in the play so it was like my
friend was like dude let's get some
dates we actually got dates
we got dates he said let's go and watch
my brothers playing so I said all right
so we got dates and of course my date
was hot that's all the kind of girls I
date it's just hot chicks anyways so we
went there and she was on stage singing
and I was like I just leaned over my
friend and I said I will marry that girl
mark my words you can ask him I said I
will marry that girl and look what we've
done
8,000 videos later and I did and we made
babies together
happy and just in love it happened right
here yeah has the same smelling hair
first
like a construction I don't know if this
building is gonna be renovated or
knocked down fresh paint right right
this is where print disturbs gymnastics
is so cool it a story huh okay thanks
for joining it fun check this out you
guys it's this huge halfpipe goes
there's off this into a foam pit I want
to try that one that one's not as steep
what dude son Jeremy I wanna show you
something
can we check this out real quick here
come stand right there see that right
there see that what she one of the top
right to start
go ahead go to the top do it go to the
top and slide down let's see it
clintus heart is daring she's daring
tart sit down and slide down right here
ready go a lot of squeaking coming I
look so fun can I do it you're getting
hot are you getting nervous cuz of the
kiss mommy tart is getting nervous as
it's making her sweaty and or
confiscating okay 1 2 babies are okay 3
good job you're not afraid good job this
is a life dream of mine I have always
wanted to know how far I can throw my
kid
that's the coolest pile of foam ever
what are you yelling at get in there
it's a princess sorry let me throw you
as far as I can sir no I go trust me
you'll like it then I did it just you're
right I do like it can you ready should
do it again do it again okay imma throw
it farther this time
