shake
sit back relax
Shay says to the Bing shade
for you
right discard what's happening today a
blessing he's looking spit Hey Jude
don't cry don't cry you look freaking
handsome in your white suit what's that
old song have a pink carnation what is
that song Oh white sport coat and a pink
carnation
Malachi's getting a little nervous oh
there's a lot going on today things are
happening he always knows Malik I can
always sense the energy like when
something big is about to happen check
these out guys cupcakes with Oreos which
we should just get a whopper and like a
waffle put underneath there okay so
today is rock tarts blessing day and if
you're I don't know
you know what religion you guys are but
it's kind of like you know I'm Catholic
we think bless the baby or a christening
or something like that it's just like a
little blessing where we give him his
name and a lot of the family will come
over we go to church and do it and then
a bunch of families gonna come over
afterwards we're gonna eat but we
haven't we're having a roast beef and
mom eat our got a bunch of rolls look at
these two girls all over a little rock
garden you guys think he's so precious
he left him today
it's my man's big day he's looking so
hot not soon hey hey it's gonna be
impossible to keep it off that is
looking a hot dog he's trying to eat
looking super handsome you're looking
handsome I love you in that suit you
know I love you in that suit man okay so
um a Sun tarde was just telling me about
this video and mommy I was like yeah
tell your dad about that so Centaurs
like dad there was this video and you
were on the street and you're a red
shirt on and then there was
monster and he was gonna kill everybody
and I was like what I'm like what are
you talking about dude is that a dream
you had it's like no it's a video I'm
like what video and he's explaining this
I'm like what are you talking about it
can any had to feed him cottage cheese I
was like oh is that the video you're
talking about yeah where did you see
that at Grandma's house upstairs in her
office with who okay okay so if you guys
haven't seen this video it's pretty
crazy it's this song is really good it's
by a guy named will 100% and then Jorge
Jorge cyber tunes is this the student's
name he actually made the avatar for my
Twitter you know you guys have seen this
guy have yeah he did like the shaycarl
rap you know there's my Twitter avatar
anyways if you guys haven't seen this
I'll put a link down there you gotta go
check this out this is what's under I
was talking about it's really well done
and the song is really cool too what's
with the little wheel stop it will
what's his name
and then like mystery guitar man is in
and Shane Dawson he's he's reading but
this is a guns and Gardens magazine
mystery guitar bands reading it's from
this video which is called shaycarl
rapping if you use of all Price seen
this but this is from when I was working
as z103
you seen this one this is when I worked
at Z 103 and me and my buddy Adam made
this rap about the craziness of a
madness of a magazine called guns and
gardens know that your daddy was a
rapper what you do now
okay so you guys go check this guy out
he has some really funny videos really
good animation
his name is cyber toons you want to
watch the monster one all right we have
to go watch the monster
Oh mommy's yelling at us we gotta go
we'll watch when we get home I'm not
here just ignore me I'm not here
spin around they were doing and they
were doing synchronized to spinning on
the treadmill
hey you guys have fun yeah these guys
are like best friends now it's like they
either kill each other or hang out with
each other yeah and how many times have
I told them not to hang on this
treadmill but they do they don't listen
to me huh you never listen to me what
are you doing and they spill
the popcorn all over the treadmill it's
seriously everywhere they don't care
they're like it off in their own little
land yeah crazy land that's where yeah
cuckoo cuckoo crazy frickin crazy land
yeah you guys are crazy
yeah freakin crazy thing that's the
craziest thing I've ever seen cuz like
you drag it or something what are you
doing
freakin Jack look yeah
you can freaking me out right now dude
you guys I think there's like some
velociraptors in here guys please no
plays out all right come on it's time
for that time again when all the time of
times come on what's that what do you
guys think should we let him stay up or
should we have him go to bed
Stan you guys vote I heard come on yeah
it's 9:43 dude tomorrow's Monday you
need to start getting conditioning for
school schools about the start site mom
listen you guys both of you you're both
gonna be starting to go to school pretty
soon do you know that you guys realize
that you're gonna have to start getting
up no more this summer sleeping in kind
of stuff you guys have to be getting up
early going to bed early you're gonna
have homework at night dude I am so glad
I'm not in school anymore wow I'm glad
I'm a grown-up this is like I remember
those times when I was a kid when I
remember you do
kids oh good so pardon
you're supposed to be brushing your
teeth you farted an you ate the Oreo
you're the culprit of all culprit sorry
let's pause we should we should cut a
this is gonna be a super obnoxious
portion of yeah right before that
we're not your computer alright bedtime
yes yes tomorrow bye
