typically like smile
they says to the Bing shade us let us go
for you
in the face it did and on the face
check out these fish you guys lilies
fish they just freaking jumps out of the
water that's so crazy that's so many
fish so this is like a like towards the
Great Lakes there's these carp Asian
carp that are like over running the
rivers there's like way too many of them
and they're starting to like hurt like
the trout population or like the natural
fish and they drip they go on these
boats and these fish just freakin fly
out of the water because they're scared
of the motor is that what they said
you're not paying attention there's
really a test on this dude the fish are
afraid of the the sound of the boat and
so they go flying out of the water and
it was show him these videos of people
like right in the boat and they like
tagging these ladies in the head cuz
they're driving these fish or fly in the
water and then ever just like dodging
these fish this one guy had like a
baseball bat he's like hitting them as
they fly out of the water it's crazy
stuff don't even you live around there
if you have any of you have ever seen
that I don't know why this is like so
fascinating to me this guy is talking
about how last year there was 10,000 of
these carp they're saying something like
these fish could have like 20,000 eggs
per fish or something so they're
reproducing at like an alarming crazy
rate they're like overflowing the rivers
center it said he wants to be a marine
biologist when he grows up no I don't
know if I want it because I'm scared
you're scared of the fish hitting you
okay you guys watch this part this is
crazy
those are frightening numbers up here
the carp explosion is not just a
potential threat to other fish why don't
you hit this dude hits him in the balls
angry sportsmen has decided to strike
back these guys gonna kill the fish so
this must be like I'm sure I remember as
a kid hearing about like like out on the
farms there'd be like so many bunnies
like rabbits that like I remember the
older kids and when I was in scouts
would talk about bunny bashing I know it
sounds horrible but literally there was
like thousands and thousands of rabbits
because they just reproduced so much
they were just everywhere and they're
destroying the farms and so people would
go out with baseball bats and just like
tag these rabbits just right hit them
with baseball bats to kill them so I'm
thinking that's what they're gonna do is
just like this giant fish fest like to
go catch all these fish to try to get
rid of them out of the rivers because
what they're doing is they're like all
the fish that were there naturally oh
here it is so interesting neck GOTV is
awesome look at these guys sent argh
that's we call white trash okay well
then you would said it wouldn't say said
redneck let's let's rewind redneck
fishing tournament dad redneck bride
that's crazy little geography little
biology for today's vlog centaurs loving
this he's interested you like this dude
it's cool huh hey Catherine gee what's
up dog who'd you guys see today tell me
I don't believe it you rise you really
did yeah and get this they didn't even
film it
what loser vloggers did you have your
flip with you didn't don't lie to me
fire it in you didn't pay your tight
pants on you couldn't fit it in there
and you guys didn't take a picture you
have your phones even take a picture
because they were nervous they said
they're too nervous
his abs were so intimidating
you said that I'm so embarrassed for you
your buddies love Twilight's Taylor
Lautner What did he say was he cool he
totally would have you'd ask him after
he let you Taylor Lautner has in our
town he's here for that Extreme Home
Makeover I was telling you guys about
okay so we're sitting here mommy tart
ran into the store to get some meat
hey baby tard sit your butt butt down
we're having a barbecue at my mom's
house what are you guys doing excited
huh excited yet your seatbelt on son
hard rock cards all buckled up he's
excited go to Grandma's have a barbecue
who let you use those what did you say
he was What did he say mom that brown
could let me use his glass under you
don't call people brown people they're
just regular people Oh glasses video the
girl singer they were pretending what
the guy with the glasses
and they were hi grandma
you can handsome handsome looking sexy
in that
but grandma people on the internet love
hot chicks jumping on trampolines hot
young you're getting some air then he
turned bouncers grandma grandma champ
lean fest mom do you remember when we
very first got this trampoline and
people like in the neighborhood I want
to look at your beautiful eyes you have
the most beautiful blue eyes what I
remember when when like trampolines
first came out like to go to your
friend's house to jump on the trampoline
some parents like had um waivers because
all these kids are getting hurt on
trampolines so I remember like son tard
you have to sign grandma's waiver before
you can do that Oh son card can we try
not to break your sister's Nick are you
all right princess card you okay you
guys right I did daddy body sander no
dude just leave the girls on okay that's
don't just leave them alone you get it
oh that's dude oh you got a bag hey
what's that dude come here blue eyes you
look like baby driver that blond hair
except for baby turns eyes are brown
careful don't kill each other yeah let's
eat dinner first
then you can run er each other hi what's
up dog give me five good to see ya how
you been doing oh say I love you uncle
che Nina give it to me kissing the
camera most precious no never
okay ready
Jochen Logan when did you get this and
you had a hot topic so what did you say
you told the job Dave days your shirt my
sister-in-law buy your shirt a hot topic
Dave is paying us $100,000 to say this
Oh such a good dad do the robot start a
new style
I know the best answer ever oh sorry
sorry for turning it down what was I
thinking okay so we are going down to
the site of the Extreme Home Makeover
addition to watch them build a house
which seems kind of funny that we're
going to watch people build a house
exciting though there's a bunch of
lights down here bunch of people it's
kinda like a block party everything in
out down here we are here at the
location we are watching
that are watching other people built
this house you miss the spot to the lab
right there put something right there
pretty cool
right now blue colored see the Blake I
like to smooth that the bus goes away
what does like some people don't like
I throwing water it daily so toward
smash
