shake
sit back relax
Shay says to the Bing shade
for you
you're doing a good job thank you so
much thank you I'm loading the
dishwasher all by yourself now that
you're three years old you can do the
grown-up chores huh
she's spread them all out on the counter
I mean she's saving you one little step
Oh goes on that side she knows that bowl
goes on that come in that cabinet right
there baby table yeah it goes underneath
there grab it throw it underneath there
really mean she's three three-year-olds
take literally Judy's they're gonna be
throwing I don't want any throw away
I'll be downstairs
what are these kids must be doing out
here let's go see if they're behaving
themselves yes check out my shirt I
bought this shirt and the airport guys
liked it if you guys follow me on
Twitter you probably seen this shirt I
don't see any working going on out here
you like my shirt look I'm carrying baby
Rock card yes what are you doing
besides wearing underwear on your head
huh what you got your work gloves on is
that your work hat nice stance dog Oh
who's the cook are you guys supposed to
bring all your stuff inside what are you
doing doesn't look like you're doing it
okay you guys pick up all your stuff all
your junk see all your books shoes
everything it needs to go inside where
it's supposed to go okay good job come
on for it to start help out okay
everybody's cleaning up the house what
are you doing you're making sure that
the hinges on that thing don't get rest
good boy you're really helping us that
little guy I hate when we get rusty
hinges on our baby swing that's the
worst and look I just changed the
lightbulbs that's gonna be deceiving
though because when I left you're trying
to change them but then you couldn't cuz
you're weak curly fingers weren't strong
enough that's makes me feel like I
actually like I'm needed around here my
big strong fingers know you love my big
strong but here's mommy turn your cousin
what is that it's a wishing rock what
should we wish for I wish a jetpack
that's pretty reasonable
it'll probably under your pillow
tomorrow morning good boy right along
was eight years let me see what is
Jewish for baby turn Jewish for a rock
another rock she's a genius it's like if
you have a genie and he got three wishes
you wish for more wishes
that's a baby jar just did with her
wishing rocks she wished for another
wishing rock palace she's three she's
like Einstein amazing basically pretty
much amazing my babies the cutest
smartest and hippest baby in all the
world and she picks her nose a lot uh
hot car using air wishing well there's a
rule with a wishing rock you can't be
sitting on a garbage can while you wish
it negates the wish sorry it's just one
of the rules of the wishing rock risking
wishing rock
I was gonna make up on you singing
because you'll never sing for me will ya
that's really ugly and bad one of my
favorite things hearing my beautiful
wife seeing in our house the song of our
love our mommy and our wife echoing
through the halls of our beloved home
that's one of my favorite things made me
feel a little emotional be serious
mommy tired somebody's tuckered out from
cleaning the hinges on the baby swing he
is plumb tuckered out he is tired of
cleaning the rust off of those baby
swing hinges hey tuckered tarde he's
playing tuckered out what sure yeah we
short to the airport by the last video
Oh once you put it on do it yeah he
could wear that too you want that start
shirts on tarde mommies don't steal it
from your mom stay out of your mom's
clothing you'll pay young man hey the
baby guard let you wear her skirts she
ought for her birthday baby tarde do you
have did you give her permission to wear
that oh you're such a sweet sister
letting her wear it
I'm sharing hey what come with me you
are you're a nice sister give your
sister a big hug give her a big hug
perhaps enter pick yet one or two can
you pick up both girls Sun card sure
let's see if you can come here let's go
in the living room let's do a stunt
let's do a Shh arts done just for the
heck of it no let's go out on the grass
it's a little bit more room where you
can fall and crush your sisters bones
nice dude yeah I've actually been
thinking about this lately yeah I get I
did give you the funny girl pretty girl
sticker but you got mommy tards saying
she's a good person because she's d we
did our front little garden here
so great hey you know what I've been
thinking about lately and I don't know
why it's just a random thought to have
thought I've been thinking to myself I
wonder if I could pick up our entire
family like I would hold you in my arms
and then you would hold baby tart and
Princess hard and then son tard would
sit on my shoulders and he would hold
rock tart I wonder if I could hold my
entire family on my body I think you
could but I don't it be a little okay
well let's just see if son tart can hold
us to sisters all by himself
shall we if we have a lot of spotters
we'll try that spent later yeah the full
family Shay holds his full family I
couldn't do malachi that would be
impossible he'd be kicking around
freaking out here's the son tard muscle
man segments or something you go both
the same time oh he's got him dude he's
got him
can we don't go in this cement okay spin
around let's see him to spin around
prove he's got him both he's got him up
we don't have a cameraman so we're just
studying the camera on the railing so
I'm gonna see if I can pick up the sport
will leave rocked art out of it because
he's an infant okay guys come on come on
let's go I think sometimes you sit on my
shoulders and then you should hold the
two girls and I hold you okay you have
to be brave okay - don't be afraid of
heights
sometimes just freaking heavy by himself
on the count of three jump one
we see rock chart would be that much
heavier so I was just thinking like if
there's ever an instance worse like you
have to carry your entire family across
the plains we could do it I don't know
why that would happen your odds of it
hurt right alright so we're going to get
some food for the chillens what are we
gonna get guys what do you want baby
tired what do you want to get I'm gonna
give you a cheeseburger quesadilla in
about two seconds
once you get your finger out of your
nose yeah grossie tard changes subject
but you saw something pull in somebody's
yard yeah I did
it's like us we don't have a swimming
pool though remember mommy - oh like a
small one oh okay okay well we don't
have a big swimming pool mommy tried
won't let us remember it's that bad
oh it's not that big but I guess if
you're two feet tall it does seem big
sorry I didn't think of the perception
factor
Oh baby charge sometimes I have no idea
what you're talking about all right you
guys want to talk about something for a
minute you guys one have a frank
discussion don't have a a DTR that's not
really a DTR he's not that is DTR if
you're like starting to date somebody
new if you had the DTR yet determine the
relationship you know if you start like
going out with somebody and it's like
you like are having fun date and then
you do stuff together and you call each
other but when do you have that DTR or
and it's like so are we are we like a
couple what are we doing are we gonna
have a DTR looks like a DTR I asked my
sister that like you have a DTR yet huh
she's like what's that like determine
the relationship anyways that's nothing
to do with what I am about to talk to
you about okay so today I uploaded on my
shaycarl channel a video for Tia soul
for this contest that we're having that
is like the next you know YouTube
superstar or whatever to basically help
people on YouTube who you know want to
get an audience and they want to do this
they want to you know be entertainers or
they want to you know get an audience
and be able to like make creative
content and have people see it so
anyways it's a cool contest I that's the
reason I wanted to be part of it because
I always feel like there's so many good
youtubers out there and you guys know
I've you know I've given shout outs to
like the fan and 11 that family that was
like amazing seniors with 11 kids and
Arturo Trejo and if I ever I come across
something and I'm just like wow that's
awesome like I always like to try to try
to help promote it so I like this is a
cool little contest that we can do you
know to help people you know get out
there on YouTube that have you know good
creative talents but just need to be
seen more and there's a lot of you even
that are watching this video who are
like give me a shout out J and it's
hearts I can't just be doing shoutouts
all the time but what I wanted to talk
about is just the fact what's up dude
we're at Little Caesars do I run in and
do it do you think you could good run
and get the pizza
I think you can do it you want to try
what if I sent him in there with my
debit card to get a pizza you want to
try it will you do it if I give it to
you all you have to do is you have to go
in there and say I want one cheese pizza
okay let's see this would be an
interesting experiment
okay are you ready okay listen say you
go in there and you say I need one hot
and ready cheese pizza and one order of
breadsticks okay and then give him this
card and say run it as credit and then
write your name on okay okay go do it
dude let's see if you can do it go dude
try it out let's see what happens
Oh My heck this is hilarious it is a
debit card I would have him run it I
always run my thing is debit but he
doesn't know like my password and so it
probably easier if you just sign it this
is hilarious I love doing stuff like
this just stuff that's like you know
what I mean it's like you probably
shouldn't do but just to see what will
happen he said he's a six-year-old I
should go in there and get it let's just
see how he does okay you've got to be
kidding me
push dude
dad you did it
look at you or did they say this lady's
just wait what'd you say all right now
go get in dude this is sweet from now on
dude we're a go grocery shopping next
you up to that I got a list mommy gave
me a list let me see my card make sure
she didn't charge me like a thousand
dollars oh you dropped the crazy sauce
Dawg 794 that is so funny did she did
she look at you weird she did what did
you say to her yes she did she probably
sought me out here talking about it
that's funny all right so don't get your
seatbelt on good job dude you're so
grown up
I'm just getting all big and stuff
you're such a man yep yes I am and
you're still picking your nose no you're
not you're sucking your thumb
dude can you keep your hands off your
face for two seconds
retard that is not appealing stop it
sweet why am i laughing so much that is
so funny good job dude I'm proud of you
okay so let's get back to our frank
discussion I get sidetracked way too
easily but I'm trying to get to is you
guys realize that this is my job right
the Shaytards
uploading a video every day my shaycarl
channel with the comedy skits my work
with the station even when I do videos
with take 180 all of this is my job this
is what I do for a living
I have and it hasn't always been that
way you guys I mean the people who get
it understand that chick just ran over
that curve like totally ran over it okay
stop getting sidetracked this has been a
dream of mine forever you know wanting
to do something where I could be at home
with my kids and my family get paid
enough money to live on and to be half
be not necessarily be rich but just to
be able to pay bills and not have to
worry about I remember when me money's
hard first got married I was working at
this granite job getting paid $8 an hour
we had just had Sun tarde and I was
making 8 bucks an hour and that's the
only income we're making and I remember
sitting down at my desk at nights
writing out the bills and that ran out
of money literally I had paid all the
bills except for like one or two bills
and had $50 left in our checking account
and we still needed grocery money and I
remember as you know a new husband and a
new father sitting there thinking like
I'm gonna do like how am I gonna how am
I gonna buy groceries for my family I
have $50 left in my checking account and
I still have the gas bill and a cell
phone bill to pay and I don't have any
money and I just got my paycheck and
I'll be paid for another two weeks it is
the worst feeling in the world and I
know some of you probably have to go
through that feeling right now but I
remember those days you know when I was
first married and we were broke and I
was working 50 hours a week making 8
bucks an hour but we made it work and I
worked hard I worked so hard just to
give things to my family like my kids
and my wife and them be able to buy them
stuff and I always had the dream of not
having to work for somebody else working
for myself doing something that I loved
and get paid to do it and so when people
call me a sellout for making a video on
Kia and it's a cool contest helping
other people it pisses me off so bad
because this is a dream come true it's
like do you have a job do you work to me
I was a sellout when I was working for 8
bucks an hour doing a job that I hated
and I was miserable
that's the sellout doing something you
don't want to do for money now I'm doing
something that I would do for free I
would do it for free because I love
doing it and they're paying me to do it
so how is that a sellout in any way it's
ridiculous I know most of you get it
most of you are like you see it and you
see how amazing this is and it's not
just like oh I got it I got the dream
screw you guys you guys could do it too
you can do it in YouTube you can do it
anything you want there's so many things
out there it just tries me crazy when I
see people
whoo it's just like they don't have any
hope I just feel like they don't have
any hope they feel like they're never
gonna make it anywhere so they they're
just bitter that other people are doing
what they've always wanted to do I have
dreamed of you guys look who's calling
me
it's chat from the critics I love that
picture
anyways so that's my frank discussion
that's what I want to talk to you guys
about so if you guys see me doing you
know brand deals on the shaycarl channel
or whatever this is my job and I'm
loving it and I'm be able to buy it my
kids pizza because I have enough money
become do what I love and there's these
companies out there that are willing to
pay me to you know help entertain you
guys to help get cool you know ideas and
brands and stuff out there so that was
my rant
that's the rant of Shea and that's it I
love you guys and I don't want you guys
to know like please know that I don't
take you guys for granted like me and
mommy tard will be laying in bed at
night and it'll just be like this is
such a dream come true we will talk
about how appreciative we are of just
the all the opportunities we have and
for your guys the support you guys
support us your support is so amazing
and I want you guys to know that we
really do appreciate it rights and hard
telling yes tell them how much we
appreciate it I appreciate it I love you
alright see you guys tomorrow
