changes
sit back we like smile
I'm angry
four years overdue
watch
it is your birthday today how old are
you three years uh yeah okay you have
enough Carmack's to last a lifetime what
you wanna do tonight you want to get
some presents do wanna go out to eat you
want to go ice get a mean roller skating
or little swimmy what do you want to do
want to go where I leave it you want to
go to weiners she means wingers it's a
restaurant but for some reason the two
girls can't say it right they say
something else we're gonna get it
wingers get noodles you love the Alfredo
there huh can I show you guys something
I'm really embarrassed about okay so you
guys probably do this too should I show
this my card
I'm embarrassed so you guys when you go
when you guys go to bed at night do you
take a drink of water with like before
you go to bed or do you bring like a
little glass of water and put it on the
nightstand next to you well I like to
have it in the evening like well I'm
like I'll wake up like 3:00 in the
morning and be thirsty and so I want to
drink some water so I bring a glass
Walker to bed with me except for I never
how many do I have here one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
it's ten glasses from water my little
nightstand is running out of room for
water containers so you guys do that do
you have water by your bed stand I need
to probably clean that out and start
over again and then in ten nights from
now I'll have ten more on their feet are
doing a makeup when you do a makeup
tutorial for reals people want that
they're asking for it they want to do my
funny face with makeup on it if you guys
haven't subscribed to mommy tarts
channel go ahead and do it it's in my
pants okay when do you want it you do
makeup tutorial sure I wouldn't want to
see if I think there's other people who
want to watch let's see go ahead and
apply it
do you know do you know white girls wear
makeup and wear perfume why cuz they
stink and they're ugly ha ha ha but uh
pops whoo that was a great joke yeah
okay I'm going to the doctor where's the
keys okay so I'm actually not gonna go
to the hospital I'm gonna go to an
urgent care I don't know if it's just a
thing in America or if you guys have it
overseas but it's a lot cheaper if it's
like not life-threatening you know if
you're not having a baby or your arms
not cut off if you just need like
stitches or you just need to go in and
see you know a little sink or something
that these things that are called urgent
care like physicians immediate care and
they're a lot cheaper than the hospital
and you can go in and there's a doctor
you can prescribe you medicine and stuff
like that
so that's what I'm doing hopefully he'll
say that I don't have strep throat
hopefully he'll say I have a new strand
of the he-man germ which will actually
make me more handsome skinny richer with
a better credit score and lower my
cholesterol oh that could happen let's
hope you guys I forgot that this was
happening but a merit what's a call to
Home Makeover edition were they like
they take your house and they rip it
down and they totally rebuild it it's
happening here in our town there have a
bunch of people at this Park and they're
starting to like close off all the roads
and they're gonna ocean where's ty
pennington I love him those people are
just looking at me weird anyways they're
gonna be building somehow lady's house
over there apparently she had like nine
kids and you know how it is these people
have like the worst luck in the entire
world
her husband laughter she got cancer the
moon landed on her foot and so now she
only has nine toes that kind of thing
and then they build you a brand new
house that's worth like half a million
dollars and just in this neighborhood
where the houses are worth like eighty
thousand dollars that's pretty cool
happening right here in our town maybe
I'll try to go get some footage of that
but there's going to be you know there's
me 18,000 people down there it's gonna
be impossible to get anywhere near it
but it's pretty cool huh hold tight
Penningtons in the town I got to stop
in men throats turning to her okay going
to the doctor oh why we're already going
to doctor but they were in our weights
we're going to another one so hard okay
I did a new house see hello
open wide come on open wide yes there
OPM you have strep okay here's my doctor
she just hooked me up some medicine
what's it called systemic and I'm gonna
take it for ten days twice a day and
it's like would you say it's like a like
a acid cousin's appendix like
methamphetamine is that what that's like
super bucks
yeah I have the super germ yeah so I get
better did she yelled at me for taking
my sister's medicine I did she said that
wasn't no no longer nah you are your
vlog so that is good I'm glad to have
that done that wasn't so bad now was it
che hush-a that wasn't so bad she was
cool she's like the cools doctor I've
ever been to if you're watching this
doctor you're pretty freaking cool I
love you not like like I don't want to
like anyways so she what she said was
she said that it didn't look like there
was too much swelling and stuff and
that's when I like kinda came clean I
was like well I have been taking some
medicine that my sister had and she's
like oh yeah she said it'll react pretty
quick but if you don't take a lot of you
guys were even telling me this if you
don't take it the whole time you know
it's gonna beat back the wimpy terms but
you guys know the he-man germs that
really need the flogging is how she put
it they they need the full treatment of
the whole you know all of it so two
times a day ten times or ten days and
then it'll just kill it all dead gone
and I'm glad I got that because I'm just
like I'm so sick of feeling sick I'm so
sick of feeling sick
it's so funny to me that concept is
actually true if a lot of you guys know
me one of my very first videos that I
ever made on YouTube over
two years ago was a concept called the
he-man germ and for those of you who
have never heard me explain it just
explain it real quick it was an idea
stemming off of a hand sanitizer I saw
this hand sanitizer this says it kills
99.99% of the germs and I thought to
myself what about that point
oo-o-o-o-oo one Jeremy's like the he
manager he's the strongest germ that is
on my hand that's the one germ that I
want gone and this hand sanitizer can't
even kill the he-man germ the strongest
germ that's going to come back and kill
me and all my family and murder my dogs
too so it really is how this the strep
throat is is that the medicine will
start to kill you know all the wimpy
germs and you'll start to feel better
but so then you stop taking the medicine
and then the big germs that are down
there they're still aren't dead they'll
reproduce and they'll get stronger and
they will evolve and they'll become
immune to the medicine and they'll
become like a super germ so literally if
you didn't take all your medicine if you
kept just like beating it back just a
little bit every time it'll come back
stronger and stronger and stronger and
then all of a sudden the germ will you
know it'll murder Obama and that could
seriously happen so you gotta take all
your medicine you have to take the full
the full thing
wait
hey who's that who's that course you
were born you're born before baby tarde
your older
hey baby tarde look at me no I look at
you down watching myself that you
they're so vain there's a new hobby for
the Shaytards ildren they want to watch
their videos there's a lot of you guys
who have made like you just type in baby
taro just type in princess card or just
- son tard and you guys have made like
montage videos of like the best clips of
baby tard or like there'll be musical
videos with princess start dancing and
that's their new favorite thing Prince a
start every day will come down and say
dad can i watch some of my videos
because you guys have made these little
collage videos and they love it they
cannot get enough of themselves they
love themselves more than anything look
at them who are we gonna watch next guys
you would watch a son tart or princess
tart video next hey how's your birthday
so far birthday girl how old are you
gonna watch her princess tart video so
you guys remember that that was so fun
oh yeah throw it to the movies in LA
that's at the Cheesecake Factory in
Marina del Rey and baby tart is hanging
on there she look after our house in
Venice
yeah oh really sure right now just a
push play the kids are learning how to
work the computer oh man got a bunch of
divas on our hands oh Jesus babies
already excited its baby cards birthday
so she can sit my grandma us it bye
grandma okay it's your birthday you get
to sit by her you excited yeah open it
okay
for who it's from Cooper so get going
sighs Oh purse the way open one one of
those you know I've been wanting one of
those Cooper cheese you get all the cool
stop do you like they're so jealous
what do you say to Cooper Kim kisses
tell him thank you Oh Kim kisses look
Kim kisses that's my cousin dad I'm not
gonna kiss my cousin let him kiss on the
cheek let him kiss you on the cheek on
the cheek the sheets up guy I don't get
you on the cheek no cheek what's up dogs
I love you
let me uploaded a video I can't feel my
camera that will make it hard to upload
a video I'm gonna fine you onto this one
from oh whoa that's a lot of color holy
crapoly that's from you
that's such a good present is it a tutu
are you thinking adorable adorable do
you love it I up
it totally matches her shirt - yes
there's the big one from grandpa yeah so
first rapid philtrum EMS
you did a good job of wrapping that dad
you're so artistic and creative and
girly there comes baby this is exciting
this is more exciting in a 73 Russian
election yeah for Vladimir Putin one
that was quite the year is it on baby
Tinkerbell who's that oh it's all the
Disney Princesses
oh my god that's gonna make a giant mess
like over over a thousand ways to mark
up the walls and furniture for you to be
year old baby charge that's not
something we open this is just what we
hang on the wall yeah it's like a big
picture frame and just hang it on the
wall and look at it we don't open it coz
they don't want to ruin it do we
comics printers paint and color oh
you're not embarrassed to kiss your
grandma Logan you're wearing my
Christmas present check it out Oh Merry
Christmas who remembers when I gave
those to Logan for Christmas and in case
you are Batman they spelt Batman sent
your utility belt belt that was
hilarious : let's go Casey just wore
just those underwear that was that's a
great moment in shade art history you
guys I wanted to tell you that I finally
got an official fanbook
handbook Facebook that sounded do she
sign my fan book who wants to be in my
fightin book yeah oh I got me a new fan
book which is her new website called fan
book she actually oh yeah never is no
take that URL I actually named my
facebook page shaycarl book so instead
of Facebook you go to WWF ace book calm
slash shaycarl book look at this young
couple out exercise and good for them
stupid losers there's a bunch of stupid
losers right there anyway I sure get
sidetracked easy yeah like a butterfly
um so yeah you guys can add me on
Facebook finally I seriously I'm on the
computer 12 hours a day and I get on
Facebook and I'm like what do you do
what's this button do what this do I
have no idea how to run Facebook so my
buddy Brad who is my old program
director at c1 l3 is like an expert at
Facebook and he got on the phone with me
and was helping me figure it out so go
to facebook.com slash shaycarl book I'll
put the link in my denim jeans bar you
guys if we get lost we can just throw a
baby tart up in the air she's like a
flare like how bright baby tard
you're our new flare okay we get lost
we're gonna throw you up in the air and
then the police will see us and they'll
come get us okay okay
she's like okay dad I'll take on that
responsibility Logan is mr. pre-madonna
he has new shoes I didn't want to wear a
pair so he was wearing his sock
I'm a mountain man call sientes a key on
mah feet in Spanish I don't know what
that word is come on dog
you're pretty bright - you having fun
you got a gun yeah that's a sweet gun
who you gonna shoot with it you shoot an
animal yeah all right
what do you know shoot a bird oh sweet
dog so we decide to go on a little
family hike I'm not sweating though it
just got like 300 percent humidity out
here that's the only reason there's
water on my face
go back gonna go higher no we better go
it's getting dark that's when the
Jaguars come out
oh come on let's just go a little bit
more ways - what if a Jaguar came and
bit our balls off viewing our project
right that's exactly what I meant
I should censor my language a little bit
better
Hey and now our nightly session of rock
guard dogged with shaycarl yeah hey yeah
I got honey come here I wanna show you
something I love doing with him
hey do I say something tonight well I
say Sutton I say Tom I say Tom your film
this honey honey come here I need a
cameraman are you eatin hot tamales okay
so I always I do that thing with him
hold on have to lay him down for a
second I did this thing when I put him
over my head I go like this with him and
his little arms are like this and he's
like all right I'm gonna get you like
Popeye look haryana so I watch his
little arms you have to kind of get
underneath them look you see his little
arms get straight a Nathan ready so oh
I'm gonna give you more I got my fists
of fury look fit superior II oh I'm
gonna get you get you get you all wanna
get you come on who's wanting some of
this who's wanting some of this aren't
ready shaken baby syndrome she'll never
like this he smells hey cat baby hey
baby booby huh
I notice thank you baby oh I'm trying
something mom straightening my like
shrink Oleg here watch you can send up
check who there's he does a great turn
oh my god oh don't let go one leg you're
the best baby in the world you ready
ready
I hate one let go but I don't dare don't
oh that's not say Jay Jay nice not
saying your baby the phone is hit died
Jay oh he's back hey hey what two legs
two legs gone but they let go wow
anytime you wanna hold him happy
birthday you had a favorite brother
ain't your baby brother oh it's the
birthday girl it's the perfect go on and
the baby rock dark I got them all here
she's gonna eat your face alright give
me that baby boy yeah did you have a
good birthday today
yeah what was your favorite part great
that's a good birthday yeah you're three
years old now can you believe it that's
so weird
she's growing up
you can breathe underwater oh wow cool
guess when she turned three you get
gills
good job Kevin Costner welcome to
Waterworld - daddy's heart she doesn't
oh what a disappointment that way you
aged for when you blew out your candle
yes I wish I could breathe underwater
like a fish like Little Nemo diabolical
maiming Nemo Little Mermaid little more
we can't breathe underwater
yes we can but do they didn't have gills
can mermaids breathe underwater and
Peter Pan they don't think they can be
underwater I don't have gills oh they're
fish I'm so confused
listen we always come back surface you
went to the surface again but daddy I
love him alright let's go bedtime love
you guys yeah Thunder sleep
what no excuse me
you better get in that bed in two
seconds there mister where I will defo
hawk you d faux hawk you about 1.2
seconds get up there alright who's
saying the prayer
mommy tired I'm tired
this is charge that hurt let's squeeze
your head off alright let's go
you better get back in that bed come
birthday girl alright get in bed keV you
got a new skirt for Grandma cue the buck
stop giving me a wedgie
okay how many ones turns Brindavan
mommy's hard good night what a great day
see you tomorrow
