to the phases to the ding shape
family
you know some time to do this so we just
never get tired of the songs just
doesn't matter so so we're gonna go on
back to our roots this is a song that
was done by
we tell this cool little fountain back
here behind Seban doing ooh
don't drink the water don't drink it
who knows what's been in this water do
not drink it it's my dad's playing the
music and my grandma has her painting I
just took them you took em for a little
privacy tutti capi that's so Jack not
genital oh that's so generous that's
really care if people are watching don't
think it is inappropriate it's
inappropriate for dogs to pee yeah I'm
on Elmo's World
on the dog sit
you presented your hand all the way and
what did you do
anyways on on Sesame Street this toxin
they were talking about trees
and he says oh that's a great story
watch Sesame Street guys princess heart
says stop talking to me I'm pretending
like I'm alone okay then I will stop
talking to you until you do something
wrong they don't have to yell at you
right right
these are some paintings that my grandma
has done she has for seller is berry
tones I'm gonna show you one my favorite
ones over here the title of it is gone
now but not forgotten I hope it's a
little old cabin out in the Prairie
that's gone now hope you'll never ever
forget it just a good old nostalgic
feeling of mmm I am videotaping your
paintings
deprivation are you gonna be a rodeo
what do you got the bull rider a bull
rider what about a hip-hop dancer I
thought you want to do that you're gonna
be a hip-hop dancer slash bull rider
let's look at Grandma great house we're
spending the night there we were
watching a bull how did you like it so
what do you want to be more a hip-hop
dancer or a bull rider probably both
that's cool so you'll be like wear baggy
pants while you're bucking on so you'll
get thrown off the bowl and then you'll
start breakdancing in the dust no loving
it sticking his head out the window hey
guys what's up okay so mami tarde went
to watch her dad his band play I'm still
just feeling like crap really throat's
better like it's not sore as it was that
was the worst part is the last two days
previous to this my throat like I
couldn't even swallow but today I
haven't had to take any pain medication
I was taking some ibuprofen because it
was helping my throat not hurt as much
today I've been taking any of that and I
feel
you know better in that aspect today I
just feel like tired and lethargic and
just like I've been like a little slight
headache so I'm gonna give it one more
day I still feel like this tomorrow I'm
gonna go to the doctor it's so rare for
me to be sick for longer than two or
three days so I'm gonna give it one more
day if I feel like crap tomorrow then I
will go to the doctor I did look in the
back of my throat on my little uvula my
little tonsil thing little thing hanging
down I did have some like white pustules
on there so it might be strep but like I
said I haven't taking Carly's
antibiotics that she got which I know
I'm not supposed to do you guys all
yelled at me in the last video but I'm
gonna give it one more day if I'm still
filling it then I will go to the doctor
tomorrow
modern science it's a miracle I know I
shouldn't respect it but to me I'm just
like I'm fine I can get over it and then
I died the next day
okay I'm gonna go get some food right
now there's no food in the house and
just me and Malachi are chilling out and
mom and the kids are out watching her
dad's concerts
Egyptian he's a musician a magical
musician it's a musician Malakai you're
not laughing to my jokes we're all very
funny down you try to pick up some great
dane chicks out here where's your seat
belt young man huh yeah you need to have
a seat belt on to which because you're
big and black doesn't mean you have to
no wear a seat belt I have my seat belt
on you guys so we're over at the park
watching my dad play music and the girls
of course are like mom we got a bathroom
there's no bathroom at the park so we
walk across the street to this gas
station it's kind of like a little old
gas station kind of run-down we go in
we're like please your bathroom say yeah
I just take this key with the pipe on it
and walk around the building it's the
third door on the second floor to your
right and the neck in the hallway it's
like all confusing directions to get to
this bathroom and when you get here
here's what the bathroom says you have
found it yay it's like your own personal
victory finding the bathroom at this gas
station
are you friendly this Fantas wonder if
you'll ever get next to you is there a
chance of getting through when you never
see my notice me no matter what
everybody
crazy over you
oh that little just that little bit of
talking a little bit of vlogging right
there it's about the majority of what
I've done all day literally just the
whole little section that I just talked
right there I turn the camera off and I
was like oh that was hard it was hard to
be like have some sort of shake Karl in
this hey guys
struggling man so this this might be all
I got today guys I'm so sorry
just gotta get back now just gotta get
back
how to eat fight is my baby hi
he has my baby as my rock guard is my
baby that's my baby boy who's my baby
boy doing who's my baby doing smiling
you can say that again
I totally hear where you're coming from
man I know seriously what's up with that
dude
say it we're watching this show it's
called disorderly court or something
about people in court beat the crap out
of each other it's pretty exciting
rocked hardened loves that it's his
favorite show he doesn't see it he gets
pissed one dude huh you love this show
that's my baby boy he's pissed cuz we
said he had to go to bed now he's mad he
was laughing what do you do I love those
glasses oh you look so hip if I don't
have the mom I don't know what he's like
pay attention to me
there's the camera yeah see I'm most
important I'm rock card row Leo - Leo
brother tard
scream as much last time yeah don't we
have two more loads you have tomorrow
yeah
I secured Carly and she just screamed
they went like this
Biggio sorry babe and it was like a long
scream was like and she just stood there
I'm like would you do if I was a real
murderer okay I got out of the bed
maestro it's ready to hurt I think I
have to go to the doctor tomorrow yes
don't think I can I don't think I can
tough this one out so good night peace
yeah it's real funny though someone gets
hurt
