talk
to the family
just gonna stand there and let you pride
that's alright because I love the way so
I've been taking some of Carly's styles
penicillin she apparently isn't good
right to take somebody else's pills
well she had strep throat about two
weeks ago so she got penicillin and now
I'm taking sadly biotics what's the
difference
kills germs so I'm taking one a couple
of these I'm feeling a little bit better
but it still hurts it's just hey you
guys ready he's gonna come with me all
right
do you know where we're going centered
stop smiling stop it I swear okay you
guys you have to leave the house because
mommy tarts making a video and you guys
are being hooting and hollering and
being obnoxious do you know what
obnoxious means what does obnoxious mean
well you're right you know who else is
obnoxious do you know that your daddy is
kind of obnoxious sometimes I'm not oh
thanks yes so I don't blame you guys you
probably get it from me I am kind of
obnoxious sometimes huh I know you guys
like to wrestle and fight and play huh
all right you guys ready come on let's
go mommy tards making a video today if
you guys didn't know a lot of you guys
do know this my chart how long have you
had your YouTube channel it's been like
two years surely has how many videos
have you made thank you there's probably
like 30 videos she's probably uploaded
30 videos in two years because if you
didn't know mommy's heart does have her
own channel it just falls at the wayside
when these four children get in the way
a lot of the times so go check it out go
subscribe to mommy tarts Channel she's
gonna try to make a video how often mom
eat are it every Tuesday every Tuesday
daddy that's like Taco Tuesday hmm Oh
Shia taco right now yeah beef
Oh daddy could you go get me a beef taco
it is Taco Tuesday
oh just lay down here anyways alright so
I can leave Rock part here is he gonna
be in the video yeah
oh you have to find out go subscribe
cause leaks in my pants that's the first
time that I've ever said links in my
pants
or it's literally so there's a couple of
you or quite a lot of you actually who
are saying that you also get to strep
throat at the same time as you get a
cold sore that that is caused a majority
ally by stress majority of the Lee is
that a word majority of the Lee speaking
of words that don't exist kids make up
the craziest words son heart just said
grandma brain did ring did those boxes
over to our house I'm like brain did you
mean brought those over he was yeah
Brock like you've never even heard that
word how do you just come up with these
words Princess hard especially Princess
hard is a freaking scientist of word
ology she makes up the weirdest words
we're like what are you talking about
where have you heard that word before so
I don't think I'm that stressed I don't
really necessarily feel that stress I'm
the kind of person who a majority of the
time I think that sickness is in your
mind it's mental a lot of times when I'm
starting to feel sick honestly what I'll
do is I'll take a giant breath in
through my nose oxygen to me is like the
power of life and I'll be like no I am
NOT gonna get sick I am gonna feel good
it's a little something but I'm gonna
roll down the window get some fresh air
and I'm not gonna get sick I knew this
girl in high school that every single
day she but I don't feel good today
hypochondriac it's in your mind
majority of the times it's in your mind
unless this giant bloody blister shows
up on your lip and that's not in your
mind it's on your lip for the entire
world to see sometimes it is a little
stressful when you have 500,000 people
expecting you to put up a video and you
know you just can't do it because you
feel horrible and it that's pretty
stressful it's like they're all seeing
her way
and I call I like to tell myself don't
go look at the comments on the channel
page and I'll go to Shaytards on the
channel page okay where's the video
where's the video I'll just be like
anyways so that could be a little part
of it but we're alright we're gonna go
do some errands you guys excited and if
you're good after you do all of our
errands we'll go to the pet store okay
and we'll poke our fingers at pets we'll
stick our fingers in the cages and see
if we can lose some fingers you guys
want to do that huh let's see if we can
lose some digits today whoever comes
home with the fewest amount of fingers
wins look mom I got three left i'm
winner
whenever daddy is by himself with three
kids and i need to go in somewhere like
the bank and it's like i need to do some
business and I have three children but I
don't want running screaming around the
bank being obnoxious
remember kids how we talked about
obnoxious we don't want to be obnoxious
do we do we sometimes it's fun to be
obnoxious but not when we're in the bank
and other people can look at daddy and
think why doesn't that guy get his kids
under control me and mommy tired when we
were driving home from the airport the
other day we stopped at a place to eat
some food and there was it was a I think
we stopped at Burger King and there's
these two sets of parents with their
kids and they were these kids were
screaming at the top of their lungs like
sometimes princes tardust the very top
of their lungs it's like ear piercing
and mean mommy tired looking each other
like they're bad parents because it's
like when you have your kids out in
public
keep them under wraps so what we do
before we go into a place is daddy tarde
has a little talk with the chillins
what are you guys gonna do what are you
gonna do when you go in the bank you do
not be obnoxious you sit there you fold
your arms and you be quiet until daddy's
done okay exactly you guys are quiet and
you fold your arms let's see right now
fold your arms you both you guys fold
your arms you sit there and you behave
okay and if you're good I'll ask the
bank lady for some suckers you guys want
some suckers but I'm not joking if you
guys are misbehave at all you don't get
any candy k let's do this
come on let's make our move good good
okay stay right there I'll be right back
okay I'm making my transaction let's see
how they're doing over there full now
I'm still all right
they might just get one of these babies
hurry come pick a sucker you can have
one pick which one just one
hurry all right good job
underwater take come here stand right
here put your head down a little bit
open your mouth ready Oh to it put your
hips mouth right here right there you
ready
Prince start you got flow you guys what
is my favorite type of flavor it's out
of all the labors that there are what is
my favorite type even the common school
child labor
how's it coming
getting it looking good come on hustle
what we're on a limited timeframe here I
was telling the kids yesterday me and
mommy tried we're having a serious talk
we're in Vegas about the kids and about
how they're getting older and they
actually need to start having a chore
chart and the way that we're gonna do it
is they're gonna have chores that they
have to do just because they exist just
because they're living under our roof
and they need to help out like make
their bed clean their room clean up
after themselves clean up their dishes
after dinner clean their play area those
are gonna be chores that they have to do
no matter what if they want to exist
within our household and those will be
daily chores apt to do every day now
also we want to start teaching them
about money because money is very
important and you
to learn how to deal with money if
you're gonna live in this world it's
just a fact of life so we want to start
teaching them how to earn money by doing
work because that's how you get money as
you work you work then you get money you
don't just get money unless you work so
we're gonna have them do things like
I'll probably start paying son charge to
clean up Malachi's poop and then like
cleaning the toilets and then maybe
taking out the garbage little chores or
we can pay them like a dollar a chore
and then they can save 10% and then the
rest they can use to spend and then
we'll do like a college fund and all
that kind of stuff so we're gonna be
mommy start talking about this ring
we'll get a big this park with poster
board and we'll do like lines and names
and everything and we'll figure out all
the right ones for the kids but they're
gonna start to learn how to work earn
money save money and spend money
correctly how's it looking you guys
looking pretty good nice job leave some
over here dude come come back came over
here what pretty darn good oh you think
you got a certain custom now huh
she's got a fauxhawk let's see your faux
hawk how's it looking you spiked it up
today didn't you
what's good dude I love this carwash
because they give you a little towel Oh
crapola with a sprayer it's like an
interior sprayer so as they're out there
washing your car you can be your car who
else's cars gonna be watching you can
like spray off the inside of your dash
and they give you this towel and you can
be cleaning off your interior as they're
clean on the outside and then when
you're done you just give it back to
them and you're like thanks you're a
good job cleaning the car that at all
vacuum doesn't it feel so much better
doesn't it feel so much better when it's
clean oh I love it it's way better when
it's clean
healthier cleanliness is next to
godliness right guys
it's a grandpa Jew Jean used to always
say my grandpa was a colonel in the Air
Force and he would freak and make us
work me and my little brother he had
that house was spotless and everything
in the house was labeled with an acronym
dishwasher was the DW the washing
machine was the WM the wastebasket was
the WB you like shake Casey completely
WB would go we'd go in there and it
would be like not even a quarter full
but Grandpa's don't even folding it's
alright take it out anyway so my grandpa
used to teach us to work like crazy used
to say work will work when nothing else
won't work so my grandpa he's raising
his rest it's worse atop my gadgets a
sting my dad always made up so if you
guys somehow to work you better learn
because you're gonna be sorely
disappointed in life you don't know how
to do some manual labor okay you guys
ready
it wasn't that bad I love opening the
windows who wouldn't the blowers rod
it's a lot of fun try it I promised the
kids after I did my chores we come to
the pet store so here we are at the pet
store come on pets let's go come on
little puppies come on come on puppies
let's go you guys are adorable I sure
don't but thanks for asking
I appreciate it they're in oh that
freaks me out I'm not like too afraid of
snakes I think I'm I'm I'm probably an
average afraid of snake person as much
as everybody else's but that freaks me
out just a little bit I bet you some of
you can't even watch this right now I
bet some people have looked away because
that freaks them out so bad don't touch
it
put your nose on it see if you give them
kiss oh you're not scared are you scared
but start be scared put your finger up
to his mouth are you scared
you look I get a concerned look on your
face what do you see
those are little crabs oh look ones
about to open boss
check these out these are like little
hermit crabs but I think that people
here have painted their shells because
they're all different colors this one's
definitely been painted as a frog you
can't really see it but it's like a
shell and there's a hermit crab inside
there like right here there's a crab but
they've all been painted different
colors pretty destroyed this one like
shoe look your finger up here see look
stick your finger in there see what
happens here I'll show you wait a ferret
they won't bite you look he's nice
Hey look I Hey look right what's going
on yes we can see him right here hey
what a sleep and hi he's got his little
bats a hammock he's like a lazy Jamaican
ferret here you go come to the camera
I'm like teaching the kids all the
things they should not do like tap on
the glass stick your fingers in the cage
every pet store employees worst
nightmare as a father hi it's me nice to
meet you oh dude that tiger are you
thinking scared you'll bite you he's
nice he's just trying to smell yeah
Thanks hi big cat toward the gut toward
daddy is allergic to cats and therefore
he hates that scaring you let's start
you scared I'll bite your finger is just
playing with you I just want to smell
your finger they want to see if you have
been picking your nose or not who see he
can tell you been picking your nose
that's what he jumped back up on a shelf
these are the official nose picking
judges they know if you've been picking
your nose or not they can smell it see
stop would you say they'd be tired okay
so a lot of you guys have been giving me
some good home remedies about how to get
rid of a sore throat please set drink
cayenne pepper and water three times a
day for three days no megusta this is
probably actually even worse I'm just
gonna gargle it so I'm gonna try some
hydrogen peroxide it makes like a water
little holy too much way too much what
can kill you can't nobody booze this is
mouthwash so I'm just gonna gargle well
it's supposed to make your teeth whiter
it is and here let me pre curse and you
can feel it bubbling that's how you know
what's cleaning the watch out kids daddy
might vomit on your faces
okay just gargle it tastes so gross
right now it's really gross as soon as
you spit go up it's so disgusting isn't
it oh wow thought bubble in the back way
hi you can feel it working that's
killing something it's killing all the
germs Oh weird it almost reminds me of
like swimming that's like chlorine ish
for some reason yeah it's kind of
honored oh but you know like I'm like
suffocating his egg bubbles yeah but you
know
you know how when you put hydrogen
peroxide on a cut and it bubbles that
means that's killing the germs when it
stops bubbling that means it's killed
all the germs so imagine all those germs
in your throat that it's killing right
that's why I like to do it because it's
like the whole back of my throat was
like oxide you guys find me in the
bathtub might be a weirdo
what's heavier hydrogen peroxide or
water which will settle I can't see the
difference I can't either
I can totally fill that though it's not
funny that I want to throw up just
watching you do that I just got a
flashback of my feet I used to have a
really really bad ingrown toenail he'll
wear the toenails growing into my skin
and it was really and I would get
hydrogen peroxide you want to show your
face I better not come anymore anyways
I'm gargling hydrogen peroxide and I'm
feeling a little bit better I was gonna
make sure I totally kill it how does the
van look huh looks piffle ish 'us um
does it are you leaving us where are you
going what hold on dog I'm vlogging with
your mom no respect okay have fun what
with your boyfriend on your date do you
think the van looks nice you proud of me
we cleaned it today now looks and I got
a Cinnabon this is like one of my
favorite sets in a berry air freshener
they're really good and I don't you know
how like the package tells you like
slowly week at my week I'm like screw
that just take the whole thing out there
a burst of freshness okay bye I love you
have fun looking at naked werewolf's bye
yeah you have to pay extra and it's 3d
too so you don't understand it really
pops out at you okay bye
mommy turds going on a girls night out
because she's been taking care of me for
the last two days past dog and I'm
watching the kids and she's going to go
with her girlfriends on the night date
night I'm it's under a blanket
I wish I could go on a date night
sometime why don't I ever get to go out
I'm the one that's always sitting around
here protecting the house yet I don't
get to do anything except for just lay
on my stinky rug all day okay no duh not
really
thanks for us you know I'll just lay
here I'm fine all right pass dog
