shake
sit back relax
Shay says to the Bing shade
for you
Carly and I are here at the gym we're
going to work work it until we drop her
she's already working for a while
yep here we are kids are taken care of
she's doing a video we are good so hang
out with me for a while we just finished
our cardio workout I was on the
treadmill for about 15-20 minutes and
then I went on a spin bike for a while
and get me so motivated made me like I
don't have a class I'm gonna be yelling
at them and teaching them it was just
fun I was like looking at myself in the
mirror like jamming out I'm such a geek
I'm sure the people that watch me at the
gym are like she thinks she's pretty
cool and I do I think we're gonna lift
heavy weights we're gonna do our back
biceps and triceps ready we're doing a
round of a set of biceps then one a
triceps then left
biceps triceps back in each round we
have to increase our weight we're doing
three of those we praised increase I'm
gonna do it a lot today firms are
already shaking that's a good feeling I
love it
okay here we go bicep
14 14 14 14
that's okay doesn't matter about just
quality right now quantity and breathing
fool
I've ultimate counter microbe oh yeah
three to work to work
please hold it right there hold it by
step back from the gym and I promised
the girls that we would have I promised
the girls that we would have a picnic on
the front court or in the front yard so
we are in the front yard having a nice
little picnic and baby tart decided to
eat her chocolate chip cookie before her
sandwich so that's why we got chocolate
on Irving
hey princess hardware we gone to
gymnastic the excitement are you gonna
do whatever they tell you to what if
they tell you to do seven flips in a row
hey she's a you wanna do seven flips in
a row yeah what's a flip oh really
summary them were good flips daddy's
hard City Star you got it from me two
days ago and now he has it but I think
he got it worse she's funny too
and it's just really bad I don't know
you guys know how to tell whether it's
just about turnovers or is that
something you have to go to the lab for
couple tests I would love to forever I
got this thing going on I have like 18
viruses of course it's the cold sore the
fire came and he invited all of his
friends to the party we're here at
Princess turns gymnastics for what she's
learning today
oh that looks comfortable put your feet
down love oh oh good job I'm gonna take
gymnastics that looks fun if they do
that
you wanna go - zips - oh thanks your
money of a frog
and start is so cute she was supposed to
do a jump and then jump into a handstand
and she was doing it and she
accidentally like flipped over and she
was I did it and then she couldn't do it
again but she was so excited it was
adorable
he was having fun the first time I took
any gymnastics classes I was like
probably 9 or 10 so I was kind of in
that stage where things were scary to me
you know like I wasn't young and
fearless I was like okay if I fall I'm
going to get hurt so it scared me and I
remember feeling like I was the tallest
one in the class which would not happen
now of course of who's so short but I
would like the tall the biggest one in
the class and I couldn't do half of the
stuff that the other kids did so I told
myself when I got older that my kids are
going to start when they're younger so
hopefully they won't have that fear so
fire princess heart shows no fear
whenever it comes to jumping and
flipping and flying and all sorts of you
know she belongs to
Shh our family so she has to be willing
to jump and fly and just have fun
sorry about the lighting in this room we
need to change the light bulb here free
light bulbs but we're making dinners
princess chard is healthy with the
noodles we have noodles
that on this chicken this is all that
hot
now it's yourself do not put hands on
pot pan okay we got this chicken that
happens to be tiny mustard chicken and
it's really good and then we've got corn
on the cob freshly grown here your
and then okay and then baby chart she's
gotten cups out for all of us since she
is filling them up with water so that we
can drink water with our meal ha and
they are all very unique huh your food
helper what happened to the napkins I
gave you did you use them I did
different outcomes
Hey look who's being a buff stud muffin
this guy's a buff stud muffin hey come
on you can do it come on he was upon us
he was like straight up and down he's
doing some push-ups so big shout out to
old mom mom mommy tard today too perky
said big shout out to mommy tart shout
out a shout out to mommy turd I spent
the last 14 hours oh there is that neck
muscle working dog I spent the last 14
hours laying on that couch drinking as
much water and camel tea I drink a lot
of camel balls tea
I just steep the camp balls in the hall
have you heard of that term steeping
gonna steep and so that's what it's
called right when you have like a a bag
of tea and you're like dipping it into
the water it's called steeping it come
on you British people right it's not
what it's called you're steeping the tea
like you're dipping the bag in the tea
somebody will back me up on that I know
I don't we're not big like we don't
drink any hot drinks at all like even
hot I don't even like hot chocolate that
my
I like hot chocolates really I mean give
me a coca-cola classics on the rocks no
straw that's my face
anyways so thanks for mommy toy taken
over the vlog today hopefully I'll be
feeling better about tomorrow
I've been just trying to just rest and
take I take it some antibiotics and some
nyquil and just trying to relax and feel
better so hopefully by tomorrow so your
sore throats all better now this is like
my second day so hopefully tomorrow I'll
be better it's the kind where it's like
I have to like prepare myself to swallow
like yeah I feel like I have to swallow
but like I don't want to so it's like
after that I can ready
I can grit your teeth you have to get
enough saliva so it's worth it so I have
to grit my teeth might go and then like
I'll drink a big glass of water and I
like punish my throat but like just
drinking and swallowing because I feel
like if I drink enough water and I
swallow hard enough I can just swallow
the sore throat like is like whatever
I just felt there's something in there
if I drink enough fluids I'll just
swallow it down anyways but anyways
hopefully I'll feel better tomorrow okay
see you guys smile
