shake
sit back relax
Shay says to the Bing shade
for you
out of the room there is some partying
going on down there they're knocking on
the door telling us we need to leave get
out
we're leaving right now or sorry we just
loved it so much guys I'm so sorry I'm
putting my hand on the microphone on top
right here
what's vlogging about me being dumb
about the microphone right here so um
every time we see somebody not every
time but a lot of people see us with the
baby and what do they always say that
your first oh and they're like oh you
just wait till you get older and like
the taxi cab driver and then the guy
that's cleaning our air is it's your
first baby because you know mommy's
heart looks like she's 17 and we're like
no it's our fourth thing I think people
are really shocked right now we have
four kids we know what we're doing we've
been doing this a while we're
professional parents you're the last
right mommy tard the last one huh come
on I think we're done let's be done why
not it'll be fun or that way are we now
five what do you guys think we're not
gonna do it right now
let me do the world rocked argue on
another brother or sister we got two
boys and two girls who are given that
front all right we do have one that's
right not to be polite fourteen years
we're going to work fourteen you want to
be the oldest calling me show off your
new shirt she's got a Planet Hollywood
dice shirt I like it
we are demolishing some PF Changs
egg rolls so delicious you're starving
our balls off so
we're satisfied we are just having a
best time we're like on a date
speed mommy tart right
this guy's asleep sleepy just gaze into
each other's eyes
we have the fortune cookie talk words
words nobody she showed me no talk words
good shave me to good word
okay so we grab the fortune cookie it's
kind of like a wishbone
and you pull the fortune cookie and
whoever gets the fortune go what does it
say an unexpected visitor will bring you
good blessing oh another baby name is
diabetes
again okay so now I need to see I can
get my fortune you ready
you get a bolt I'll be pissed oh I got
it well that was what a coincidence keep
up the good work you will be rewarded in
the next year what does it mean I'm
gonna be in a movie with Christian Bale
I'm so funny that's why
with my eyes
I can't roll them any harder mommy
Turner
yeah what are you getting Mack yeah
today shapes art is brought to you by
NARS hi hi we've got some viewers sure
yeah no problem
hey mami tarde sup dawg
I love this place
mommy's heart a my pretty-pretty there's
some
she wins I rode the escalator you where
we like to take different modes of
transportation you know me and mommy are
to have a great relationship but we
never get along on how to get up to a
second floor
I'm always escalator she's always
elevator oh it's almost good thing they
have two options
whoa check out this shirt I just saw in
the airport that I had to get
okay and we just took we just took a
picture and put it on Twitter of me and
rock card and I was holding them just
like that with the sunglasses on like
this we woke them up just take the
picture to put out in Twitter and he's
being a good sport
if you guys don't follow us on Twitter
you follow us on Twitter because I
always love to put plenty pictures on
there PPP links in my pants my taint a
man's good time in Vegas good time in
Vegas baby
all right so we're going to our gate
right now Oh check out this shirt mommy
turns out - I love it
this is a mixture of like shaycarl
Kassem G shirt it's like we have come
together splash we love it wolves that's
like the greatest wolf ever the bearded
wolf that's for me Zach Galifianakis I
love you that is our plane that's what
will take us home the Jeff fun yeah in
Las Vegas Proctor had a good time God
became it's really fun happy birthday -
it was so funny how it's everybody's
birthday
alleys and
since amaz dave is
as back it's the kids excited I've
missed them I'm sure you guys have
awesome here we go
alright 9a you guys totally just saved
us because we are so late we're coming
here we're cutting it so close we forgot
to look at the the number where we
parked we just got out and ran to the
shuttle and this parking lot is freaking
huge you can see it goes on for miles
and miles and miles of just cars endless
cars and normally I'll take a picture of
the sign I'll be like on my phone that
way when you come back yeah I took a
picture then I check it so we're in the
shuttle bus coming back here and I was
like holy crap I don't remember where we
parked
me and Mama started looking each other
like I don't either where did we park
but I remember like I thought well it
might be in the vlogs when we pulled up
when I put the money up in here
maybe like somebody could see a sign or
something so I tweeted it on Twitter I
was like hey guys we cleaned our car
will somebody go look at the video we
came to the airport and check to see you
can see a sign and like 300 people all
replied like it's 9 8 it's 9 night and
somebody were like it's a bus stop for
9a like four parking spots down so that
was what Twitter saved our lives
seriously Twitter okay where do we put
the money I forgot isn't here still here
okay we got our money and our ticket
good thing
just were broke now we'd be stuck in
this parking lot forever actually we're
not Daddy tired did pretty good at the
tables last night yeah got some
blackjack under my belt I seriously won
like $400 total for the whole trip it
was a lot of fun
okay so we're headed home close to the
kids thank you to you guys on Twitter
who were following me and who replied
and literally we didn't know it's like
totally helped us know so you guys are
awesome alright let's go home wait she's
feeding the baby
no after wait put that butt head tart
into this seat tart let's drive home
tarde momma tarde
the vlogging apparatus for bayo where
should I go chair to pay go to the mrs.
cash here's to this one three three
pounds less less personas who taught me
less personas snotty cow all right I
love this I love just having the cash
right there there we go hello we want to
exit the premises
how much money do you have to trade you
Ben Tate universe 30
you have a good night yeah I like you
you're honest you're like yeah it's
great you're like no this is a really
crappy night tonight I'm having one of
the worst nights of my life one of them
days I hear you thank you good again All
Right see you later okay bye
do it again not spontaneous I was just
remembering if you guys remember the
only where'd we go we went it was when
we went to LA and we came back we're in
another different airport and I gave the
guy of 50 and he said there you know how
do they call it up to the light to see
if it's like counterfeit seriously like
looked it over like 30 minutes it seemed
like he was like we're like let me give
me back like a dollar and I thought I
would have been so funny if I'd have
taken the dollar and like held it up and
like look to see if so I was trying to
do that there but they don't really work
cuz she didn't look at it it's just yeah
I turned the camera like a new suit lit
we're gonna do this extra money give it
to me holy Hannah there's no such thing
as extra money that's nine dollars oh
it's a gamer authority never thirty and
it was 20
so 30 minus 21 is
it's nine I was drinking you some of you
just believed me some of you were like
oh yeah seven oh I just trusted you you
just believed me
we just trust you aren't we trusty Shay
so trusting so effing trusting great
that's good a sandwich not at the table
Carlos
