here we go fired by reality
hi all right well we invite the famous a
B family to Idaho to do our chores for
us
thanks monkeys awesome for feeding the
cows this is this is nice usually have
to do this by myself many hands make
light work
salmon jump rope so we're doing for
exercise today you better make it to s
don't give up baby you got cocky and now
you're marry your boyfriend's Mitch
yeah who's Mitch alright dad stern
you don't even get to anyone a reason
lazy yes yes look at her oh yeah oh wow
Brock that is high this is what we do
all the fun things like that this is
Shay's workout this morning
all right on set today it's tricky first
yeah nobody else is shiny can please
move just for a moment please you have
to hurry it's not your scene yet Wow
give her some time cut action cut ah
wait a second awesome inches hey today
guys we're talking about life with
somebody asks you do you want some of my
Apple you've got to get that cuz it's
about like that I don't want to be
laughing with that oh shoot how does my
bad I love it Oh get that baby out of
the shot when the kids go to sleep okay
are you ready whether this is knitting 5
action where the kids go to sleep hey
cut it's Wendy Kato she got worse when
wow you were brutal alright um I have a
bunch of people on my cart yeah he's
doing the Titanic
I'm gonna run into the gig we're bogged
down there are sixteen on this there's
too many kids here who got kids
everywhere here we go seven that's true
we do agua Oh okey okay okay okay Kay
Kay Kay checking in with the vlog focus
come on camera okay so listen you guys
we are right now currently with a viral
superstar mr. daddy monkey from the a
bee family just posted a vine that got
over 200,000 revised views you had
anybody call an hour so usually 200,000
views in an hour one hour and it was
just me turning into a Barbie doll
that's it that's what it say that's all
it takes guys you want to win you face
what we put a mustache out of Barbie
dolls it that's all you get bunny the
face it's cracked cracks me up
okay so we're headed to CVX we just got
some swimming suits and stuff because
we're gonna go swimming at the hotel in
Orem and do some flips and tricks you
know how we do at the swimming pool but
now we have to drive to you Tigers ready
this is a guy's car all the ladies are
in the suburban entertainment you got
all you guys what do you play in their
games okey so do that for two hours and
I'll be playing uh go-karts up here yeah
we'll be singing songwriting and I just
shouldn't like God dang it come on gotta
go bye what that was pokin out them yeah
I just like to go gluten-free cuz I just
think it's good for my skin but my
husband farts a lot
Hey hi Brady goes up doesn't it do you
not original G original we're never
gonna ride we've been headed to see the
ex live for three weeks now
no it's radio I was giving you boys
supper while you are you really funny I
can't wait just feel later you watch it
on the internet yeah it'll be on the www
line on the Internet hey sharp Malakai
give malachi kisses don't mean to bring
it down there Jesus okay here we go okay
bad for me here we go roll out
everyone seatbelts on Brock check it out
check it out look who just liked baby
families fine Meghan Trainor Meghan
Trainor Owen shonduras torso domestics
we gotta we gotta check up shonduras
Meghan Trainor's dude we're in the
vehicle with an international internet
celebrity ladies and gentlemen
International
No
anyone maintain to welcome everyone here
one day you look so good man now this
guy's logging oh look at them all ready
to rock and roll baby
all the ones of those
amazing guys hey Carl hey everybody I
saw welcome cbx 2016 so when it is
shaycarl some of you may know me some of
you may not know me I have been making
YouTube videos as a career
ask job from left eight years I'm a 36
year old man and getting the YouTube
videos is the longest job I've ever so
what's the most valuable thing I learned
as I grew by minute I'm not doing what
Jill
you're back there's voice okay so listen
this might have heard you talk about
this concept of happiness is a choice I
didn't make up that term I just believed
in it
is anybody ever that same happiness is a
choice does anybody believe that crap
why there you go
because life is hard it gets depressed
be honest who thought this could be a
motivational seminar it is raise your
hand you wake up in the morning it's
like I don't feel like in a good mood
okay so I'm gonna teach you guys how you
can actually be in a good but you're not
in a good mood so in the course of these
dangers of doing daily vlogs I have to
pull up a camera and film myself right
and my natural state is a high perch
entire back right I like talking I like
talking with people so logically comes
naturally but there are those morning's
where you wake up and just like that
right
how you get over to how do you buy a
Phoenix and I found that just by turning
on the camera sitting up straight and
looking at it and you're like hey guys
I'm up about whatever turn the camera
off
all seven tiny little better move just
because the way my body is so there's
something that I need to realize motion
causes emotion every santer√≠a do with
your chest out like you're confident
everybody take a deep breath look at the
side angle and then when you let out a
linear I want all of your worries and
cares of stress just come out this big
vomit though I swear you like shake it
all out purpose of worrying about what
people are gonna do in here makes
YouTube videos where the internet is
working it's just beginning so don't
give up and watch other creators this is
some of your class talent I'm like what
do you do
you know I learn best tips and tricks
I'm saying what other youtubers you know
how other people post how are you
completing their content
so are there any specific questions you
guys that I can answer question what's
the biggest opportunity I seen online
video I really believe that live
streaming is something that's going to
give me the Internet and the speed of
the Internet is making the world what I
like to say a class ball where we can
all see each other there right you can't
be a dictator in another country and
like treat your people badly because
we're going to see if the world can see
it
so because of live-streaming we're able
to transcend geographical them right
like break the habit each other on the
Internet
- like taste and touchy all the five
senses but we could see in here
and as that speeds up I think
live-streaming is probably the next real
big big ask your ex needs a pass you
know the bandwidth handle it
I've learned one of the please keys to
success is not care what other people
think cuz it will track you down
possibly that appearing conscious where
you're like not going to do the things
that you love because we're just worried
about what other people will say the
secret to success is action you will get
out of life what you put into it right
so if you have all these ideas if you
can't implement them and you can't you
know get up off the couch and just start
to do one then you're never going to
reach that next level so it's all about
setting the goal whatever it is whether
it's to make this video or to do ten
videos daily in a row without missing or
whatever is and set that and then just
work towards that till you accomplish it
and it's this stupid little principle
that you'll learn that once you start
setting achievable reach of Google's
that are hard and you do it you'll be
like holy crap I did that if I could do
that maybe I can do this I always say
this what my my job is what my career is
is a dream come true of a dream I never
knew I even had I don't know if you guys
know who Dave Ramsey is but he wrote the
foreword for my book when I started this
whole process I started with Dave Ramsey
I was in the self-help section of the
bookstore and I found a Ramsey and I
started reading his books and I remember
dreaming like what if I could moved to
Nashville and work for Dave Ramsey late
at night on the computer I would get on
Dave Ramsey's website and look up jobs
that he had posted on his website I back
uh can't do that can't do that
I could sweep the parking lot I could do
that and like I wanted to move to
Nashville and just go knock on the Dave
Ramsey offices and be like I'm not
qualified but I'm motivated and I have a
good attitude give me a job Colette's
them we can do that you have to find joy
and peace within yourself right now
because worrying about what happened
yesterday and hoping that something will
happen in the future is an endless mind
torment that will never suit you know
serve you so you have to decide that
your life is awesome right now and that
you have joy in the achieving process
I'm not saying don't do anything you
still need to achieve things but don't
find joy in you know accomplishing that
achieve
find joy in the process of achieving
your goals and that's hopefully where
the happy / successful you know realm
Lanice if I was to start all over again
now I would probably come out as like a
singer slash dancer play or try to get
like the Backstreet Boys
you know and I just like think that
would be fun to try and if nobody knew
who I was I would just like start to try
to do that and then I got my very first
check from YouTube was three hundred and
five dollars and in my mind that was
groceries at the time I had three kids a
mortgage and I was like I just got 300
bucks
I thought it was fake I went to my bank
and I said could I withdraw that three
hundred dollars thinking it was a scam
thinking they were gonna arrest me or
something they gave me the cash I
remember walking out like suckers but
when I got that first 300 bucks I was
like okay I love this like I was
searching for what I was going to do I
was a school bus driver I was a real
estate agent I sold cars
I sold pest control door-to-door I did
all that stuff searching for what I
wanted to be when I grew up when I found
you to when I made that first 300 bucks
I thought to myself how can I make this
grow how can I make this my first goal
was to make it into a thousand bucks a
month if I can make a thousand dollars a
month on YouTube that meant I could pay
my mortgage and I would free up a ton of
my time to be with my family I got into
any youtuber that was making videos for
a living that I could tell I was making
money I watched every single one of
their videos I read all of their video
description I watch their Twitter look -
all of their tweets like I don't
into this world with both II I mean
I had at the time my own granite
countertop business and I remember my
wife yelling at me because I was
supposed to go finish this big job
there's like a ten thousand dollar
granite job but I'm making a video in my
room and she's like you need to go do
that thing and I'm like I'm making
videos woman so it's it's like anything
if you want to grow it you have to just
get into it a hundred and ten percent no
job baby
okay okay open up you sillies we are
here at the world-renowned VR location
for the boy I'm here with Andy stack
good buddy we're about to go blow our
minds listen Society be careful with
virtual reality okay nervous about it
let's go try this place is awesome
Steven Spielberg came here in experience
where you where what we call our rapture
gear so there's a headpiece there's a
vest with 21 points of contact so that
will help you to really become immersed
in the experience and then some of our
experiences we have you have a gun I'm
not sure which one we're sending you
through today probably more of an
adventurer
want to go to war it's a pretty
overwhelming thing to do the very first
time you do it
the idea of are visionaries was to
create a world that was made digital
digitally and map it on top of a
physical space and so you'll be able to
interact with the things on the stage
and of course like don't touch anything
or like Ryan or anything here though get
hurt go ahead we punch each other I'm
not going to tell you much more than
that I want it to be really cool for you
it's do you guys have any questions for
me about what you're about if we don't
want to leave the experience will you
physically remove us okay just wanted to
go but they will physically grab you by
the neck and pull you out of it all
right we're about to go into the voice
you guys well be careful not to touch
the fake walls only touch the real walls
right stop and if your vision is blurry
you can adjust your goggles around
it's clear let's go check though oh you
have to stay three feet apart where you
can romance yes so anything depends if
your avatars good-looking enough ready
for this cool yeah you're very
futuristic yeah I'm about to it's like a
bulletproof vest okay here we go fire by
reality nice to flip that up long oh and
that favor you ready for this we're
gonna trip out whoa whoa I'm in it
all right so you should be able to see
your hands yep and you should be able to
see each other oh you're a cowboy you
are you oh my gosh appeared Oh
how does in my hand lets me down magic
all right I should see a glory and bind
you on the wall whoa okay my good
fortune on it whoa welcome you guys want
to step down one thing yeah let's talk
about your journey there was a snake
dude I caught a snake I'm proud the fact
that I fought back with my torch
high-bred designer glad Pete before I
went in the spiders was trippy like
feeling the spider webs that was like oh
you could see them that's I'm saying VR
can help you overcome fierce snakes
Heights public speaking spiders if you
know beforehand going in like the thing
that I'm most afraid of is not going to
happen but I'm going to experience it
that could really help you overcome
fears thank you see it yeah because then
you can like face it knowing that
there's no physical danger and that
might give you you know courage to
overcome it in the real world so VR will
help and create man and then it will
also destroy us so just be care
I'm gonna say yeah house amazing I want
to go back it you can't stop me okay
you're on a Shh arts vlog action there
you go
there you go there's a blogger right
there there's a vlogger she knows how to
make it fun there we go now you guys are
excited she's an aunt and she brought
best and the world brought all the kids
to hang out with us
and brought all her little bunnies to
hop through the Shaytards vlog
keep your eye on that one she's crazy or
at CVX live look who's over here Carly
and Jack thing hello
these guys are in the vlog and they're
wearing the coolest hats I've ever seen
would tricks earn or at CVX live hanging
out with the crew we got a line
everybody's saying hi or he's being cool
I'm focusing on you you you know you
can't hide behind your mom get out here
be in my vlog guess what you're in a
Shaytards vlog say some that you'll
never forget that's it yeah like a
singing a motivational quote she checks
my favor there you go here in the vlog
do something everybody asks you to be in
the vlog but and they just sit there you
got up something cool I don't know why
you why'd you want to be in the vlog
there's your idea you on oh Ken you know
you're getting to know from your friend
here's Tyler Tyler wanted to be in our
videos he watches them like 70 or every
day every day you watch our videos seven
times a day
Tyler per video why can't you guys be
more like Tyler Tyler watches seven
times a day you're awesome man we just
got a bunch of selfies and autographs
with Tyler hey thanks for coming that
was sweet hey dude we love you
keep watching our videos okay all right
I love you man you're awesome but your
beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome and your wife
is
not
Oh shame
Oh
