typically like smile
they says to the Bing shade us let us go
for you
to all the fountains of lost wages right
next to the Paris so cool yeah no they
can see it check it out
this cameras cool was that like a long
zoom you can go like right into the
water we are right there in the
fountains right now but really we're
this far away
keep going further away oh it's actually
farther than that ok so just here in the
bathroom
chewing the bull through look at this
we've been here for 24 hours and it is a
giant mess something's going on here
don't worry about it it's for a video
don't be creepy weirdos anyways we're
here at the planet hold food the plate
holy war it's all good and in who's
texting you um we're having a blast
oh crap we woke up rock and roll yo tard
hey someone looks comfortable hi bang
ken has my pumpkin hey hey what's up
dawg you sleeping daddy being too loud
on his vlog and device I'm sorry what
are you doing on that glass table you
cut in lines of cocaine over here doing
with nails
mama tired what time is it it's 6
o'clock in the evening and we are still
in the hotel room I've had a lot of work
to do today though I've uploaded three
videos I had to film a big thing for
another video that's coming up pretty
soon and the anti here is crazy fast
maybe like scary I was like there's
something broken yes
it's usually yeah hotels internet it's
never good but I uploaded our vlog today
was five hundred and five megabytes it's
a big blog it was 18 minutes and it took
like 12 minutes it was like 10 like 10
or 12 minutes to upload it was crazy
usually that would take about an hour
and 45 minutes my normal time to upload
our sweethearts vlog is about an hour it
ranges from an hour to two hours that
normally it's right around an hour and
20 minutes just upload so anyways was
crazy fast which I freaking love I need
to find out what plan hollywood's
internet service provider is because
that was amazing it was like
phenomenally fast so okay we're headed
no are we leaving my oh she's down there
okay so wouldn't even we're headed down
to go hang out with everybody right now
for Ali's birthday you guys know Charles
Trippy and Ali of course you go it's her
birthday so if I ever here in Vegas just
hanging out with all our YouTube buddies
you know what it's really funny is that
our YouTube friends are now just
basically our friends there's no really
difference like Charles I've known
Charles for over three years we've been
friends for over three years even though
we don't see each other anyway they seem
like they're like really like despondent
they're like we lost all our money what
you say our YouTube friends aren't
YouTube friends anymore they're just
like our friends there's no like
difference anymore Royalle toward roadog
sweet g as well you got an upgrade
these guys came to Planet Hollywood
because they saw one of my videos and
another here you guys having a good time
were you from England London cool well
we're from Idaho not as exciting we come
we like to come I don't know like three
times a week as often as possible now we
don't come that often just every once in
a while that's really cool that dude
he's just said that him and his buddies
asking his works we sit around the pubs
to find what what he's painted we're
sitting in the pubs trying to decide
what hotel to come to and they saw our
videos anyways that's really cool Planet
Hollywood I want permission on that room
they came here because they saw our
videos so we're headed now to goes to
Charles and everybody into dinner or in
a kitchen taxi cab so hot here right now
super hot like
really hot it's super hot they coming if
I sweat a lot they normally do that
anyways but even more so now we're in a
new restaurant like restaurant hub
amazing great person pray at least
watching the baby and then we have Tony
be sama Las Vegas Bobby talk to me and
these ladies over here ladies hey Katy
Perry give me a shot here I love your
new single California Girls totally
downloaded that one oh I love I love
your hair looks great it's like 18 other
they're like we don't want to talk to
you all right we're here at dinner with
Cory mr. safety Williams and his lovely
wife Stephanie and we were just talking
and we realized that rock hard was born
exactly almost of the day of nine months
after their wedding so so thanks to
these two we have a fourth Kent
there's so much love in the air at their
wedding
it made us have a are you walking to my
vlog cause they're your copycat I'm a
copycat
we're using a phantom camera I like I
love this wall right now you know CTFxC
Shaytards unite you just went to the
vortex people I'm Melissa
trippy check her out she's got a great
channel links in my pants there's so
sama girl there's a little salmon with
the birthday girl hey Ali speed paint a
you know she's gonna get the mac and
cheese in the strawberry sundae got a
bunch of youtubers over here there's
another table there's old there's old
David days there's old genuine j-rock
there's sexy DeFranco there's old the
cutoff I buzzed Joe nation the
background love his vids Lindsey Lou I
was like what is that it's a nice dress
you have this guy love this guy love
this guy
love this guy right here I love all of
this mommy tired which ago changed
and President Obama totally just told
your wishes your wishes are all gone
he's told your wishes go up there go up
there Dave go up there go there and blow
it out won't blow it out
hilarious
happy birthday
he's a baby these Liberman are you
crying happy birthday guys I couldn't
wipe balance
sorry guys you do it if you want to see
a wipeout a virgin
rocks aren't founded date for tonight
sorry Charles you're out my oh my oh my
zurk card guard really enjoying dessert
cart chocolate carts really treating her
well over state chocolate are you don't
you don't have chocolate card sundae ooh
I love chocolate sundaes
go to town rock guard okay a little bit
too much too much too much
slow down way down a notch you're here
we need you here bring it down rock tart
calm down dude then goes to the ground
because the ground yeah Charles when are
you gonna have a baby Charles oh dude I
split up dillingham you're gonna have a
baby soon that's your baby
you take him we made him for you
congratulations
happy birthday that baby's yours
let's go Tiger it's all over that he's
the youngest mooting ever pro whoo
Taylor okay so okay so here's what we're
going about watching youtube videos but
in a place that's really loud so that
was video so I'm gonna hold that the
audio up to my ear but I'm gonna watch
the video through the camera on the
iPhone board
watches if I'm a pup of a purple purple
purple platypus we have a problem a
problem we're standing around watching
YouTube videos and a Las Vegas casino we
have officially hit a new low let's go
do something fun
