typically like smile
they says to the Bing shade us let us go
for you
Oh
maybe tard oh are you gonna miss us you
gonna miss us
you got your Tinker Bell phone that's
all you really care about I just tell
you something real quick you're looking
super hot today I mean better than
expect I mean more than usual
hey the choice your shirt I bought her
that shirt in LA last time I was there
isn't it cute
we're not necessarily huge Dodgers fans
but yeah we go back for us you should
have one say goodbye to everybody I love
you say bye to the camera on your
handshake ready explosion we need to add
to that I think you think so let's make
it look like when I get home we'll do
some more stuff that's more parts to the
handshake baby tire come say goodbye to
the camera get your little butt over
here
come give the camera kisses goodbye
they're not gonna see it for a few days
I'm gonna catch them with a fish net
give a kisses bye come here give the
camera kisses bye centaur do not catch
your sister like a fish all right we're
headed to Vegas we're leaving the kids
at Grandma's we're gonna partay with
rock tard
and mommy tard okay so we're here at the
airport and you remember from last time
what our tradition is we got our parking
ticket we're gonna park here for three
days and it's about $7 a day so it's
gonna be about 21 dollars is it more
than that
let's leave 30 I always like to leave
the ticket we're parking within the cash
to pay to get the car out because what's
gonna happen is we're gonna go to Vegas
and mommy tired is gonna get drunk and
high and gamble all night and lose all
our money so if we want to get the van
out we have to have the ticket and the
cash right here so we're gonna put it
right here where mommy's heart can't get
to it and buyer cocaine and gamble all
of our money away so then we come back
home and we're broke and penniless we'll
still be able to get the van out of the
parking lot great idea
that's exactly what's gonna happen
all right let's go one day say old
Wednesday only at the bud machine mr.
Tully
it's just such good acoustics in there
come on there yes see that lady she's
looking to be like what the heck are
they doing we've run into a minor crisis
whose fault is this
minor ears see initially I'd be like
this is your fault but it could be my
fault right and I thought that your bag
was because I remember a scene you put
it on inside that so I'm like okay
everything is here I know I Fergus II I
forgot about that okay so we're just on
the or on the shuttle coming to the
airport
we're already we have 20 minutes to get
some security and get to our gate bags
are checked okay anyways it's the
Shaytards dress right okay so what
happened it's not on
yeah we're never stressed I know that
would suck if you lost it I don't think
somebody would still it we just gotta
get it
it's the girl I think she was training
to seem like there is it I do do it okay
look the one I just feel you guys in
what happened so we're on the little bus
from the parking lot on the way over
here we're sitting in there and we have
to when we get on they said we have to
take rock tart out of his thing and fold
it down so mom guard has her back or
carry on her computer and everything in
it like underneath the stroller so she
took it out which I didn't see cuz I was
I got him out of stroller and I was
holding him anyways we're getting out I
go I go because she was holding the baby
I said just take him and I'll get
everything else so I grab our suitcase
my backpack and the stroller and I
didn't grab her bag yeah because I was
looking down so we got off a little to
check-in and mommy Tarts like bad so now
every all the bus drivers are calling
around to see if we can find it and we
got a we got a check-in I mean our
flight leaves in like 20 minutes
yes did they did you stop and ask him
yeah well I stopped the closest bus I
saw I'm gonna stop this next one we're
gonna miss our flight if we don't
I don't get it so whose fault is it is
it my Fox I didn't grab it because I
said I'd get everything or it's a hearse
it's her bag it's not my god it's both
their fault I'm gonna ask this person
right here here's an update one of the
buses just came by and I went out and I
just asked the guy said hey it was lady
she had blonde hair she was driving the
bus so he calls that bus and he says oh
yeah the guy that lost his baggies in
the system that it was on your bus and
she goes I'm sorry we don't have it he
goes are you sure because he's he's
saying that it was your bus because he
said that there's only one lady driver
so it had him in her because it was a
lady driving and they said there's only
one lady driver here so she's like no we
don't have it but I'll check again
checked it all annoyed and then she goes
is it a black or a colored bag I'm like
it's like a rainbow colored bag and she
goes hold on a little look she looks
again she comes back she goes oh yes I
do have it that's like so it's like you
always have to asked twice about things
because if you don't if you don't then
any people like they don't care that
people like don't care and you've lost
like all these valuable items so I don't
care it's not my job anyway so here's an
update
mommy charges going through security so
you figure you might as well get her
through please you know rockhard takes
the longest I'm here waiting for the bus
to come around and as soon as it comes
in the grab bag and just sprint because
I literally have 15 minutes to get
through security and get to our gate to
make the fly it's so freaking wait man
driving me crazy it's exciting though I
feel like we're on The Amazing Race you
know it's like oh crap you better run
turtle just know it
it's a white dude with white hair stupid
white dudes to a hair anyways we're on
the navy race in our next leg of our
journey it's Tomas fates you gotta make
it there they are
oh we about died thank you so much sorry
guys thank you all right here we go can
we make it at record time oh can you
believe it we have three minutes no we
have three minutes so I start boarding
high so we got all the time in the world
dawg
Oh Mathi he was so super stressed before
but now he's like chillin he's like
three whole minutes that's plenty of
time to get to your gate especially when
you're on the walk of Vader this one
waka Vader
let's go these ladies are in a hurry
we're walking baiting we literally have
it's 112 and are playing boards on 15
and we just have a short walk down here
so we are totes cutting it like to the
very last second we made it and I was
excited you guys are along for the ride
we got the back mommy tired
we've been pissed I lost this is like
super duper triple double half-hitch
pissed
I know that's I told I go go mama tard
you're gonna look like a single mom and
she's trying to go through anyway so I
was just telling mom eater that I really
like today's a notation because you know
I try to think of new annotations every
day that asks you guys sometimes up the
video I know it's cheesy some people are
gonna hate when you ask your thumbs up
but it's fun it's like plus of what I do
and remind you guys that anybody else do
better every day I'm like I think of a
new annotations are super lamont I
really really liked mine today it says
you just probably already read this but
I just I'm so proud of it people are
requiring oxygen in this life freeze
freeze freeze press the green thumb and
inhale deeply so it's like you see this
little read them and it's like this is
what I want you guys to do from now on
when you click it every time you take a
shot of oxygen I'm selling drugs on
press the green thumb inhale deeply week
it's the best flight ever
thus Florida boasts Florida to kissing
Oh Charlie you bet my finger charlie
you'll find a list of approved
electronic devices
Union flight information
we're above 10
if you're seated at the emergency
please review the responsibilities of
our emergency exits feeding on the back
of the state the information part which
is in your C program
are you okay student my department if
you're unable to prefer not to perform
these functions just let us know and
we'd be happy
insert the metal tip
which is rappelled out of the vortex of
time into the future
where land of happiness
to provide
hi we just came out of the tunnel
I want
so we were on the jetway talking about
whose fault it was left the back and I
sincerely talked but it doesn't matter
because we've been fighting about it all
day
no what doesn't say is I really
genuinely kind of thought that it was
like both of our faults so I'm like
what's your bag but she goes she was
yeah but you said to get off with the
baby and you would get everything I'm
like yeah I did but I didn't know that
your bag was up there and she's like
well that would be like if we got off
the bus and forgot the suitcase like I
didn't think I had to tell you to get
everything not just the things in your
mind so I bet all my fault I know I just
felt like that's a giant picture of that
man's face mommy tired was just saying
just your face that's a big head he's
going oh this guy's gone that's exactly
what they're doing right now if there
was speakers on those on those
billboards that's what they'd be making
cash only yeah we have that we have cash
we have it we got it out of the ATM okay
mommy actually danced for the cash last
night
this is rock cards first taxicab ride
don't kill us it's his first time a
second play is actually a second fight -
yeah not even like a he's like two
months old oh you're a world traveler
dogs I'm rock-hard I'm an international
man of leisure yeah we made it
mommy TARDIS wafted the exhausted mommy
tada
oh what a journey what a journey to the
center of the earth I love this tub hey
I want to try something this tub
actually I think I saw like on America's
Funniest Videos with you with honey I
want to transport this stuff no this
this mom was like sitting in the middle
of it and she was like spinning the baby
is a big circle tough like that she was
spinning this kid and it was like going
around around in the tub which way that
was rocked hard does anybody know what
I'm talking about
the mom was like sitting in the middle
and the kid was behind her and she's
just using her arms to spin him I go
round and round it was really cool
we're here in Las Vegas and none other
than our favorite place to stay all
Planet Hollywood pH Vegas there's the
pool there's Holly Madison right there
hey Holly Madison what's going on good
to see you hello literally every time I
call I'm like hey we're gonna come down
to Vegas again do you think we could get
another free room she's always like yeah
sure you can check in on our diamond
registration there's like this giant
like lying out there to check in and
we've got to go like right through it
was like sweet so is this who is this
chick just the girl from Twilight oh no
I'm a loser
that's Sigourney Weaver bail up Twilight
avatar yeah she's from Avatar
anyways all right we get some food and
then we're just gonna sleep nice
okay mommy jarred starving she's
starving Marvin so I got us some chicken
fingers I feel like I just provided I
just provided for my family it's like in
the olden days
like cavemen they'd have to run out and
kill a deer I just hadn't made a phone
call and I have provided for my family I
just killed the deer and drug it in here
and at all food for you a woman and a
child you miss calling me
that's Blake I got to talk to him hold
on okay so I was ordering and she's like
do you want what she said she was due on
ranch or blue cheese and I said I want
ranch and honey mustard and she was okay
one ranch one honey mustard and I said
but I want one ranch and one honey
mustard for each plate you know cuz I'm
thinking like they'll come in like a
little cup or even like a little you
know what a little doohickey a little
thing so I'm like one ranch and one
honey mustard for each plate little did
I know that their ranches and honey
mustard come in five gallon jars I think
I even like like now that I think about
it she was like so you want an extra
ranch and extra honey mustard
we literally have gallons we're gonna
bathe in in dressings this evening
because I mean we could have used half
of one of these for both of this both of
us maybe we should sell it it was you'd
sell it online
who wants mustard low low price of free
and shipping to have handling for $99.99
we'll send it to you right now
bye now okay and a baby in the
background is he like in the gauntlet
there of pillows mmm nice
