no one changes shape
sit back be like smile
pennilyn
yes like longer
for you and so
many more videos
we're gonna go in the van you got your
purse they be tired what are we going to
do right now we're gonna do what clean
up the house
no that's what Mommy tarde and princes
started doing they're having a girl time
but what are we having
what do we haven't what happened what
Sun tarde goes I want to have guide time
but then baby cards like I want to go
and maybe tired he goes I want to have
guy time sometimes because she's not
even a guy what I said it's all right
gender is just a matter of opinion
don't drop her these two
okay what are you smiling what I'm not
either that's crazy I did daddy sounds
silly
you'd anything silly I Donald Duck to
find me yeah you're watching the snow
white you wear her snow white dress
about three days a week you might as
well watch little snow-white cuties is
your favorite movie it is what's your
favorite part it's no at your favorite
part do you think daddy sings as pretty
as snow white does no I don't
she loves snow why this is our old VHS
tape that we have then maybe her wants
to watch it over and over and over again
she goes through these phases it was
like Tinkerbell honey honey what what
what did she like first was a Cinderella
or Tinkerbell Tinkerbell and then was a
Cinderella now it's no eyes sweetie
no it's knowing Oh Sleeping Beauty oh
that's right this is where it's like she
did I remember hurts you watched
Sleeping Beauty all the time
what's gonna be the next one Macho Man
Randy Savage but I want wanna watch old
man randy savage daddy never goes up gun
where are you going
excited you know go hang out with
Brailey be good for Carly okay right
Carly Hey if uncle case your aunt Kaylee
tell you to do something you do it you
got it
they're in charge you understand me okay
I'll finally love you I said I love you
I love you do you love me
yeah goes through it there you kind of
like slip it through the back right
there princess heart can you put that do
that up time you got a roll mom just
made rolls they smell so good you want
one Carly low carb Carly's on the low
carbon is right now apprentice heart is
going to Utah with Carly what are you
gonna go do have him do it she's gonna
do your hair yeah do you know Michael
Gallagher hey from totally sketch he is
a weirdo he was having big bucks - who
Michael Gallagher from totally sketches
paint or big bucks to do what dude this
is freaking me out Michael Gallagher you
creep oh I knew it I had a whole
potatoes oh and did you guys know that
mommy tards dad owns a potato warehouse
I'm a potato girl potato girl yeehaw I
want to be a potato girl too
these are big Idaho Russell's I don't
spit whoa whoa we can't just getting a
little quickie with the date oh no it's
mashed potatoes you want to juggle can
you juggle you want to try it all right
let's try it
there's two hold on I did you one more
okay baby chard chuckling go go juggle
them let's see you do it all right let's
see sontar do it looks like daddy's
gonna be buying three potatoes here in a
minute
all right yeah you got to practice a lot
let's see you try it with two oh that
was good that's beginning now they're on
the floor again we're at Walmart getting
some groceries and we're gonna need to
get another stroller eventually for
rock-hard I was trying to figure out
what when he's gonna like the best I
know which one he Oh let's say he's
already picked one out that one yours
centered right why are you not in one
cuz I'm do all um do old you're all
grown up now all right bye see you later
see you dude bye
see guys alright Center let's go we'll
just leave them there mommy tired we'll
come find him eventually need to find
some uh some groceries cuz we're gonna
go to town for a few days and Carly's
gonna need some groceries so we need to
find those what oh crap you see two kids
anymore
oh there they are you know this kind of
economy you have to at you have to you
know offer better strollers with babies
already to them what are you looking at
dude what's that guy doing
what is what are you looking at dude I'm
looking at some tough guys some tough
guys you wanna be that tough
you could be that tough someday huh what
do you have to do to get that tough time
to do all different kind of squirt
sports yeah that's right
get exercise did you hear that Mommy
tard
okay so send hard we're just looking
yeah you have a pink bike right we're
just looking at some gloves like this
and some tarts said that when he goes
golfing he wants to get some of those
gloves because he doesn't want to get
what but he doesn't want to get split
sirs I think he means blisters
you got a splitter is that is that like
it's a combination of a splinter and a I
can't even say anymore a blister a
splinter and a blister a splinter
he had a big blister last time we went
golfing on his hand so he calls him
splitting stirs now it was he was it was
good though he got a really bad blister
but then he was having such a good time
he like just kept going and kept getting
worse and worse and worse
my name is never on these ever is yours
not either I have never once seen a che
I think maybe I had liked once but I
can't remember in all my years whenever
we go any places they have those little
key chains I always look there's always
Shane never a che oh I feel like every
time we come to Walmart I just like look
for something to get in trouble with
like what could we put the kids in look
we play with what we do to get in
trouble that's backwards that's
backwards there Einstein
please floor yeah hit me you do all
right well go get a job and earned some
money pay taxes on that money and then
if you have any leftover maybe you can
buy the guitar I do up
that's not gonna cut it I don't know she
is oh he's right here
you forget we have another younger one I
got I got the two boys where's your two
girls I'm in charge of these two Shh
is she down there hey baby tard Oh what
are you doing oh yeah I have to get her
a birthday present ah she's gonna be
three isn't that crazy
maybe tard to turn the big trace August
19th I think maybe tarts will be three
years old what should get her you guys
you guys should all send in presents
I'll give you my address links below not
it's kitty Tinkerbell guitars are to the
wall guitar oh yeah oh there is that'd
be cool go do some do some that's creepy
when I walk by there do an exact same
thing that's why you say they do punch
son tart in the face oh that you're
right they do listen to what I say it's
none of my fault the babies did it it
wasn't me now this other babies gonna
run you down
let me see what is that it's a
Tinkerbell phone okay put it up on the
thing I'm gonna let you get it do you
know why I'm gonna let you get it
remember the man phone video on my
shaycarl channel where I snatched that
little Tinker Bell phone that was baby
John's and I promised her that I'd get
her new one and I haven't and so today
we both found a little Tinker Bell phone
and she still remembers so we're gonna
get it for this haven't noticed a strong
cold sore
how do you know buddy's not a SAP right
okay good yeah I just checking cuz that
would be embarrassing if you guys
noticed this giant cold sore on my level
I'm glad you said no this who has a
close one
we love it we're gonna make a phone call
and she's looking down baby tart you
know what Oprah says the no texting and
driving rule as to goes with walking
also miss two-year-old almost three year
old you guys want me to show you
something that I want someday in my mind
I say to myself I will have one of those
now it's not mom what do you think can I
have one yeah you like it to you that
yeah it's not like I'm just gonna use it
for myself this isn't this isn't a
personal selfish thing at all this is
strictly for the family it's for
building the strengths the bonds that
are already that already you know
formulated I want to cement those bonds
of family with this and I really think
that if we had one of these we would
love each other more we would I think
our love for each other what would
increase by at least 17 percent honey I
really think this is an investment in
our future and in our family and and
just in our generations to come our
posterity think about this honey our
posterity will thank us if we get one of
these it will change the shaycarl you
know lineage our family tree forever if
we just get one of these
Oh should I show you guys what it is
okay oh yes uh look how much happiness
is in that do you see how much happiness
is right there that is you know the song
at around Christmas time
joy to the world that's what they're
talking about that is that is where that
song came from is that yeah not not just
boats that one in particular right
they're gonna come check it out come
here Alma daddy's gonna teach you a
happiness is you guys it's tough being a
father cuz a lot of times you have to
teach kids what happiness is and it's
material items things like cars and
boats and trucks okay that's what really
brings happiness all right it's not it's
not the time we share with each other
it's what we book looks like how much we
we earn in life right mommy tarde some
of you guys take me so literally that
you're like Chuck horrible che I'm
joking did you hear son tard he said
he's gonna do a dance for this boat all
right we'll come here I want you to you
have to kiss the boat first kiss the
propellers right here no you have to
kiss the propellers and then start your
dance and you have to say boat this is
for you all right let's see it dunt dunt
an earner dantana don't down Anna the
rod stub it's always like three or four
of these hand things then he goes to the
ground then back up and then three more
of these hand things baby tart let's see
you dance like that can you dance like
son tard oh ah just feel so happy I know
let's climb in you want to climb in
there hook up one of these Toyota
Tundras to it oh we get some wakeboards
on there dude would you guys love that
that'd be so much fun
can you guys imagine how happy would be
if we had one of these baby jar would
you be happy
yeah it has a cover on it oh so sweet
all right come on we'll have to save
this happiness for another day all right
so why don't you guys go ahead and I'm
gonna start a chip-in button on Pay Pal
you guys single have your donate and
just if you want us to be happy that's
all I'm saying I mean how much happiness
if we brought you guys how many smiles
how much laughter have we given to you
the least you could do for us why is
this boat
come on chip in links below just kidding
fake-looking get fake leak I've talked
about a lot of fake links today what are
you doing back here
I am somebody's eaten all right get in
the car let's go look for happiness
elsewhere speaking of people taking me
to literally yesterday when I said the
Sun tarde weighed 238 pounds
there's like four or five comments of
people who are like whoa I'm like twice
his age and tolerant him and he weighs
more than me son Turk doesn't really
weigh 238 pounds people listen let's let
me just tell you guys this 97% of the
time I'm joking around just so you guys
know that for future reference son tart
really doesn't weigh as much as an NFL
linebacker okay just so you guys know
little heads up child labor nice dude
give me five good helper all right
where's baby tard what's she carrying
come on what do you got you got the
apple juice whoa you're gay you're such
a good helper look at you carrying 32
fluid ounces of apple juice in the house
good job you need an orange you're gonna
fall what if you fall dude what there
you go
what do you say I love you I love you so
much I love you so much
Shh guys listen listen did you hear that
what was that baby darn
Oh
why are you lighting a candle do you
think oh yeah yeah it's totally the dog
that's why it stinks in here
no Colton
how much you're talking shut up shut her
mouth
I swear actually actually read a tweet I
camera whose it was
somebody tweeted it's either today or
yesterday and they had retweeted whoever
had tweeted it it said something like
when women light a candle it means
something romantics about to happen when
a guy lights a candle maybe he just took
a dump growl does it feel like we have
less I thought I really feel like I miss
princess hard I do I feel like there's
something missing there is less noise
baby tired you miss your sister you play
with the fire do you miss your sister do
you love her ah where is she did you
peel that orange one yourself did she
feel that orange by herself
yeah I don't know she can do that once
you learn to do that
that was fast
I just barely gave that to her you're
talented Little Miss two-year-old I
tweeted this picture a while ago and I
tweeted excuse my language but my son is
about it look at that I just called you
a stud muffin Coulthard but check this
out all the other kids smile and happy
yeah it's football not Sun tard
this is serious football business you
better not get my way or be plowed over
by the tank himself raw
at the gas station in the men and the
men tumor you know men go bathroom
yeah I saw Raymond in there that um that
goes to my football oh you did when you
were in Utah oh that's cool what'd you
say to him I said hey what'd he say and
you went there too
I was cool did you give him a high five
or a bounce I'm a bounce let me bounce
dolphin give me bounce dope you blocked
my dolphin hey do you remember our
handshake do you remember our
handshaking to the day we're at the
water park okay let's see if you
remember it do you remember if you give
you forgot it I call whoever forgot the
handshake the other person needs to
flick the other person in the forehead
okay do you remember it okay so the
other day when we're on the waterslide
meet centaur got a little handshake done
you ready you ready for pump pump
come on here we go okay you guys ready
ex-plosion doing it do it do a hard
ready all right ready hold it back like
this oh listen we'll say three two one
and then we'll go ready three two one
explosion you remembered it
