sit back relax follow along to the think
as head to the Bing shape as with his
whole family and us deep
for you
Malakai recited Malachi is going to get
a bath and a nail trim a little manicure
he stinks so bad I need dogs sometimes
you see are you rolling something really
bad so we're definitely here to get him
cleaned up well me I don't want to leave
me though I'm gonna scared what if what
if what if they like chopped all my
nails off and make them bleed no only I
do that oh yeah you're right you're not
going to the best yeah okay so here we
are that you're Malachi boys yes yes
you look taking his dinky bird well I
think I think he does good I do what you
want to get a bath to know what they'll
do is they'll they'll put a leash around
your neck and they'll hook you up to
this thing and they'll spray you down
you want to be the hot no I just want to
go in there and see the fence oh okay I
did he's really excited about that you
were here now for instead of Malachi she
needs a little hair trim her hair is
really long and pretty but it's really
straining at the end and as you can see
it's like she still has some of her
blonde baby here'sh so we're gonna get
it trimmed and just get it all fresh and
crazy
are you excited we're not going very
drastic we just want a couple inches
busting a move in the great cliff
he won't stop and stop it whoa there
anything you build and stuff building a
castle and then what are you doing here
castle I destroy baby truck build up the
whole tower like you did how tall can
you build it I know she can show people
you do have faith in her looks much
better
we think
so what do you think you love it do you
want it even shorter she told me earlier
she wants it like her cousins which are
cousins is sort of 180 line short dad's
in love with the long hair so we'll have
to talk him into it okay you guys this
guy has a sign says not lazy crazy I
just broke an ugly can use a few days at
work anything to help
and then he flips his sign over and it
says will fight mother-in-law for five
dollars and then the other side of the
sign he flips it around and it says I'm
not fat just harder to kidnap I love it
he's a he's a comedian Malachi you're
all fish and cleaning that still he
still stinks a little well he's a dog
definitely smells better than you did
was matter he's embarrassed because when
I went to pick him up sorry to bring the
Cameron with you it would've been good
footage when I went to pick him up he
saw me he got really excited didn't you
know the koi that there's a gate about
about this high on me and he decided to
jump it instead of wait for us to open
the gate so he jumped over it but he
didn't quite make it and got his back
legs stuck so he was like pie centered
on the gate and I felt so bad for him I
had to pick up his back legs shoving the
rest of the way over so he's a little
embarrassed his little burns whole mom I
missed you so much
oh my stomach hurts now oh oh we love
our Molokai even though it's not very
bright sometimes well I'm logged in here
yes well he's clean but he's embarrassed
and it looks pretty good II do like he
is he's like oh I'm gonna step on it and
um watermelon rind guarantee that's for
baby tarts she loves watermelon and she
leaves the rhyme all of the house even
though the rule is to stay in the
kitchen putting some rules when your
baby's hard right yep trying to decide
what to make for dinner because I will
tell you guys a little secret about me
they don't like to cook I like to cook
if it's like a group thing and we're
having fun my sister comes over and
we're cooking but as far as like
everyday dinners I just get so irritated
by it maybe that's because I feel so
busy that to stop and cook seems like I
don't have time bye - bye - I'm just
need to make time that's all you have to
do especially I bought a new pot it's a
Hamilton Beach crock pot I've heard
they're really good because you can lock
the top so if you take it somewhere like
to a Christmas party or something then
all the food isn't still what are you
doing I'm blogging so anyway we're gonna
make some dinner why should we mix and
hard I don't know tell ya the old school
or Sadie's house Sadie's house and then
my sister you want yeah good idea I
think I'm gonna call her hi how are you
oh cool you just kind of work well I was
just trying to decide what to make for
dinner
sure yeah we would love to
ha hi okay
okay sounds good want me to bring
anything okay all right what's tea and a
half an hour okay love you bye
we're going over to my sister's house
for dinner I don't have to cook maybe
one of these days I will cook something
for you but today we're going over to my
sister's for pop hi and I'm so excited
she's a really good cook
she is vegetarian and we thought when
you think vegetarian you usually kind of
think like oh just vegetables but no she
cooks really good really good food with
vegetarian stuff I sound so smart right
now died their starship commander what
do they called check it out guys I got
my new white Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan
battleships there are sweet go get me a
pair of these Logan's buddies are over
here Cassin G's in town to hang out
what's up Qasim and you missed the front
yard yesterday there's like three
thousand comments wooded Logan move the
lawn I felt like Moe nerd anyway so it
was alright but I left the backyard for
you it's plenty plenty of work to do out
here so I'm gonna go get me a pair of
these dude these are sweet
these are Sam's shoes catch oh nice
catch Qasim last time you kill her you
had a beanie on like just like castle
nut and I was like oh my heck this is
just like him go attack that little girl
attack her attacker you don't know who
she is attacker she's a stranger get her
later
sorry I just teasin princess turns
friend okay guys getting hyper ooh whose
work I come here what's y'all guys
there he goes
I always get worried that he's just
gonna plow somebody over because he gets
run and he gets twisting around and I'll
just come running like straight at you
and it's like this little game he plays
where he just like turns one way or the
other at the very last second I never
know what he's gonna turn so it's like
am I gonna go one way but I never know
so I'm afraid he's just gonna take my
knees out and hyper extend my legs here
comes around the band watch out ladies
whoa there you're kind of close to very
tired yeah you looking pretty dude got a
bath looking mighty shiny oh well that's
what happens when you take a bath there
daddy
he said shiny oh the stupid compliment
the nope of great dane walks around his
property surveying if there are any
strangers that he may bite in the
buttocks okay so we always do I always
do like the things the girls the
cheerleader move now sometimes in the
track okay son tired way is 238 pounds
he's basically like a linebacker in the
NFL okay on the count of three jump then
you're gonna sit on my head put your
hands on my feet and then stand up you
can put your legs straight okay
scoot over store in the soft soft area
of the grass County jump high as you can
ready 1 2 ready go 1 2 jump ultimate
cheerleader baby tired come on show us
what you got
come on over baby tired
afraid she can do it with one hand ready
okay I know you're saying hey that was
super impressive there's no way possible
that you can top what you just did
well ladies and gentlemen this is the
Shaytards
I prepared something that's especially
especially especially especially special
for you okay
Oh hurricane
