sit back relax follow along to the think
as head to the Bing shape as with his
whole family and us deep
for you
hi hey thanks my little baby boy hey you
a rat died I see you
this is our five news reporting on the
weather today a chance of meatballs from
my daddy's beard oh hey everybody out
there check out my new video what I do
the disco guys do I take baby talk to a
whole new level
now let's go he's not amused
- and I have no smile from you well dad
you're kind of obnoxious quite a bob
knock doesn't care you can't impress
this guy nothing you do impresses this
guy he's seen it all he has seen it all
this - he's too jaded for the likes of
my obnoxiousness I'd be given a smile
but the camera wasn't oh you're right a
smile don't smile do not smile that
smile oh look he's smiling he's smiling
boy tassel okay rolling and action I
just bought her a so because he said
they're like what a two-for-one
basically that's your best friend
these guys used to listen to me when I
was a DJ and z103 do you miss it and I
miss it a lot it was good meeting you
guys
all right okay so that was pretty
hilarious I was just at the gas station
get some drinks from the kids and stuff
and these two girls walked in it's
always funny like people who recognize
me like they see me it's you can always
be like tell that they know because
they'll get off right Oh
dr. Dre freaking always want to make out
with my neck no as they walked in they
go I know you it's like I see them do
that and I'm like should I say hi and
I'm like hey how's it going how's it
going and then the guy he said uh about
a Sobe and he goes you might as well
just get another hug they're pretty much
two-for-one I was like all right that
girls like I'll have it like sure
go get it so be there like talking a
million miles a minute
like we loved you 103 now your YouTube
Dharma you guys want to be on my vlog
like sure I'm getting them a lot more
out I'm gonna mow the lawn they're like
sure so that I turn the camera on and
they're like finally I have nothing to
say anyway it's good to meet them hi
ladies holidays hello why does it smell
like cologne in here
dude it smells like the smells like the
perfume aisle at the mall what did you
smell spray in your room oh I see I see
is the room clean by the way huh let's
see let's do an inspection so it's hard
hey cologne Meister let's go clone tard
show me the room I want to see if it's
clean oh my goodness gracious what are
you trying to pick up chicks from 10
miles away oh it stinks so I'm gonna
headache when my nostrils spill clean
your beds not made Sun tard
you need to get there make that but Dad
I'm just gonna sleep in it tonight
I don't care get up in the fix is that
the complaint you have or is that just
my complaint do you guys have to make
your bed every day that's one thing I'm
always like make your bed that's silly
it's just gonna I'm just gonna get in
that later tonight what's the what's the
point what's the point so if you guys
make the argument with me I'll probably
tend to agree with you what is this new
dance you have what is that is that the
Egyptian a hot chick let's see it what
do you do oh is it so that you think you
can dance oh yeah girlfriend mm-hmm nice
dance moves under can you do that you
could do that let's see centaur do you
let him show you up or what you do the
same thing do we need to get you some
new moves I've realized that you need
some new moves we're gonna get you in a
dancing class all right now that we know
we're gonna stay in Idaho we're gonna
set you up on some dancing classes you
wanna do that would you like to do that
we're totally gonna do it okay we're
gonna get you signed up in some hip-hop
dance classes you wanna do ballet or
anything
clogging or tap-dance you wanna do
ballet baby chart wants to do ballet Oh
get off me I'm wearing my shoes love
these shoes are sweet finally got him
cleaned off you're not a hot chick are
you a stud muffin let's see how Carly's
filling her
Carly Mary see this is good because this
is usually my very worst very least
favorite time to go to the gym at like
nine o'clock at night but I'm doing
dressing me you had to cook the Dilla
with raw instructions like freakin
delicious all right you girls go have a
good time try not to let too many boys
hit on you maybe ourselves Carly's being
a slave driver
mommy tarts look I don't want go workout
was so funny she was coming out of the
door like anyways I'm on the lawn so
gran I'm doing such a good job so proud
of myself I'm getting I've kept the
water on it I got the fertilizer on I
got the weed killer on it you know if I
could mean if I've done nothing else in
life literally if I've accomplished
nothing else I have kept a green yard
and that's worth something you know
looks pretty dang good it's a big green
lawn and that's me I did that well more
like photosynthesis no this is
it's at the process with air in the Sun
and the green the grass chlorophyll I
don't know anyway Simone the lawn
the kids are inside hopefully they're
safe and alive and the girl's gone to
the gym so I'm gonna finish them on the
lawn I'm gonna watch the kids
that's what we're doing you guys know my
term PDP who knows what PDP I'm gonna
say it the people who know PDP you know
PDP I'm gonna show you something that's
P D F and P you guys ready about for
this you ready built this ready for this
the Sun tardes first time feeding
broccoli tarde as mowing the lawn and
rocked our broccoli Rockley caca
lyrically bro the retard was crying and
I asked son tart I said hey dude could
you feed him while I mow the lawn and
send her looked at me like thinking that
I meant with his boobs your pecs right
yeah you know how many milk so when I
asked him he was like he looked very
overwhelmed like I don't have any milk I
said no at the bottom and he's like oh
yeah yeah yes he's super excited there
he is big brother feeding little brother
he's happy stop crying dude he was
screaming bloody murder look at you
you're probably well after after Sun
tarde does you're probably the best big
brother he's ever had
slash the only one what look you and
punching lately I think you need to get
punched in the face what are you do this
work
it's be nice you guys he doesn't ride
your bikes anymore
it's no way you're done feeding broccoli
always smiling do you see that he's
happy now I got this good job all right
I'm gonna mow the lawn okay love you
guys no hunter told them go ride your
bike
you better go ride your bike so I don't
lose my head like a cockroach leaving
babies in my bed dropping the little
reels of tape my nigga I'm alone in my
head that makes us something feel like
home a nervous bleeding in my brain and
you never say that you love me put it in
my face that's a good big brother
good job
