sit back relax follow along to the think
as head to the Bing shape as with his
whole family and us deep
for you
then there's going to be the kind of
food fight set up and then we're going
to do the massive food throwing 4 to 20
second intervals and that's when you're
just going to be you know throwing food
at the different opponents it doesn't
need to be really choreographed will let
you know where you should be in the
cafeteria ok so we are filming a huge
video shoot today for cassimy 9 channels
between a giant food fight and we're
pumped excited route to the woot to the
yeah isn't it cool that this many people
would be willing to show up in our video
check out these new shoes upon casting
got some new ponds condor Chuck's new
Chuck's added chucks you don't see on
say you can't kick you in the ankle you
ready to food fight I was born ready
nice so here we are at Venice high
school that this is called Venice high
school oh here in trouble no gang
science Blake keep them at a minimum if
you will a cool story about this place
the action filmed Greece the movie the
original Greece
so yeah they filmed greaser Greece that
man are we going in the gym over here
are we doing where we going what's up
excited Matt Potter has to pee but no
ghostbusters yeah so we're about to
Chuck some food we find where we're
going here we are on sets is the camera
hi how's it going
fantastic you shown your shoes off cast
your main Vietnam oh they're really best
country ever best country ever my
Vietnamese peeps
I'm gonna hit you in the face with bread
gonna kill you
you're gonna die till you're dead I'm
not gonna hit you in the face of
anything look at my shooters how's it
going getting the camera ready
uh-huh oh that's gonna be sweet on a
track what this is really cool got this
thing full
what is it thank you it's great dirt
good one sweetness
will lightning like this
I would like them
boo
great cut awesome let's me
great great great job great job you did
sweet sweet performers like I'd be great
I'm all for it now I'm all for it okay
well that's good
so everybody actually pays off my face
but don't worry you guys
Oh
that was crazy
what are you doing Jay all right it's
not a rental I'm trying to keep clean
aware that as a sea protector you know I
gotta tell you that's that's better than
half the clothes you wear the suit is
hardly starts making trashbag shirts
those two you look like a character from
Logan's Run genius idea garbage bag
purses okay so we have we have a little
thing that's going that happened it was
crazy
you know what let let me pass it to you
cuz I'm gonna be listening most of all
right ladies and gentlemen I have
something miraculous to share with you
Shea told them what we did last night
well after hanging out with some friends
we decided you know like normal guys we
like delicious food from the
jack-in-the-box we wanted to go to sleep
with our tummies full full of the
deliciousness literally do Joe we went
over the local jack-in-the-box crack if
you will in the Box I like to call it
sometimes jab in the what does
that mean what does that mean I don't
know those words having the
delicious let's hurry this on yeah
moving
so here's what we ordered two tacos
small chicken strips all for him and a
sourdough Jack plus two small shakes and
two bottles of water you're forgetting
one thing actually we're forgetting an
egg roll yes there's an egg roll on this
plate it's a tastes of the world
I like jack-in-the-box tacos burger egg
roll it's everything you can imagine
delicious it's right there on your plate
for you and then the lady said she shows
us on the interactive menu exactly what
we got everything yes right is that what
you want
yes $20 please drive up we're like wait
wait wait $20 we just like spouted off a
bunch of random things
Twitter's is what you give them not what
they want they want something else and
you give them something close and that's
$20 she wanted it exactly 20.00 Andrew
Jackson and that's it so we're wondering
if this was sort of a metaphysical rift
in the fabric of it again is it replica
bleary test is it is it science or
religion let us are these testable
hypotheses or the exact same thing and
see if by some weird phenomenon it's
exactly $20 again which it should be
right it seems like well done of course
it'll be $20 but it almost seems to be
how amazing is that it seems like if
there's no way that includes dollar 78
in tax including tax $20 just it's not
like they priced it out to make it
likely we had no idea they're paying
state and city tax
it's happenstance you take away one
little element Schwarzenegger stroke of
the pen the twenty dollar miracle is
gone it's gonna happen right now let's
go do it here we go
okay I'm Joe I'm getting a little
nervous we are actually approaching the
establishment right now we are near
Ground Zero I feel like we're astronauts
we're like we're approaching touchdown
but again
is the menu do you have another bill you
know I know we are not paying this bill
with a debit card we're giving them one
sheet of paper exactly
Kristy chickens three chicken strips the
two tacos an egg roll all right sorry so
excited to do this are you ready to
continue with the order and two tacos
yes please the chicken the crispy
chicken strips yes yes yes yes okay also
we need a Oreo a medium Oreo milkshake
Oreo and Oreo chocolate and also an Oreo
chocolate swirl milkshake okay and uh
two bottles of water please raspberry
trio this episode is brought to you by
raspberry trio of jack-in-the-box you
guys Joe we did it we we just ordered
more food that and most people can eat
in one sitting for one piece of paper we
trade do we give them one measly piece
of paper they take it and they're happy
and they give us sustenance that could
last eight people six weeks and they
trade it for one measly piece of paper
I've heard that it's actually cloth it's
that way it's waterproof so it's let's
rip it in half I want my egg roll we're
not gonna eat this food no be ridiculous
this is just next no we're gonna take it
home and throw it away to the homeless
you and what he means my throw it away
is donate
see you super how much is it
you mean $20 exactly you mean we're
gonna trade you this one piece of paper
for food that would last most people
three weeks I agree to those terms and
conditions yes please well I'm both of
them she said you want cream and cherry
on your organ yeah this is a whipped
cream and cherry moment if I may
interject
could I have two cherries she said yes
oh yes
no extra charge if you want a second
cherry $50 $30 for an extra cherry there
it brings it up to 1500 yes sherry is
$30 in the box
no it's not we feel like crap with what
a diamond yeah
plum our stomachs and Kimbo Slice
foreheads that eat my beard and then I
will punch you in the face repeatedly
it's about the same as I feel now so
listen Jack to the box taco you make
horrible food your tacos are like
moccasin oh you want a burger that's
fine you want
hmm what else would you eat
would you eat anything let's give them
these tacos and see if they would eat
for the low low price of 99 cents
would they eat it but guess what
jack-in-the-box your little convenient
powers of 24/7 having to fall upon our
very paths this evening
and so you are the lucky owner of our
one a piece of paper for this food so
ignoring jack-in-the-box if you can find
a magical potently that's all we sure
whatever for the one piece of paper food
order anywhere please make a video
response could it be a dollar a five at
$2,100 a little weak gazelle do dollars
you know spicy look at the taxes it has
to be the paper has to be exactly yeah
nothing you can be you can be you know
and props the person to do it with a $2
bill mmm that'd be great to go a
challenge so buy a bunch of crap food
and see if you can oh you asked me one
dollar one bill see if you can trade one
piece of paper and then see a pile of
crap we cannot eat it
well we didn't need it we didn't needed
the pig we only ate 97% me he had the
rest you said come here
khmer TV khmer khmer khmer it's like I
hate coming and I say two comments to
comment
Kobus comida ma ma bingo it's fun well
it's
zho haciendo all right
v√°monos de la me , me Estonian muy
mucho Aki adios
