I can't believe your don't worry about
that good morning morning face hey you
guys take me the airport daddy let's go
to the airport how could you take me to
the airport she is the most difficult
one to Waco one time what there was this
one time she went to bed 11 o'clock and
she slept until I'm like I'm just gonna
learn sleep to see how long she goes it
was 11:30 and I finally decided no I'm
waking her up cuz she still don't wake
up
what are you doing look can we go so we
open it yourself and it's gonna be a
long couple thing all right good morning
guys
I am at the gym if you can't tell all
this fun stuff going on carly fiorina so
it's been day for that I've gone to the
gym and before that it's been like nine
months so here I am babies two months
old
not exactly two months but almost two
months old and I decided okay it's time
no more procrastinating you know I felt
good enough to do something for a little
while and I just haven't done it and
I've been eating really bad eating a lot
of chocolate and candy which I love and
I need to cut down a lot so here I am
this is my first start getting some
cardio in for about a half an hour and
then I'm gonna go lift some weight it's
kind of a big deal to get to the gym but
this is where I fill more motivation for
me I get my motivation from being here
at the gym with other people working out
and from the music I'm listening to so I
can look out on my own as long as I see
other people doing it and if I have
music pumping through my brain a lot of
you might not know that I was an
instructor about a year ago and I just
you know once we move to LA I didn't
look for another job and I regret it
because I've jumped off the wagon and
I'd miss it so much
so I'm gonna try to get back into that
I'm gonna take you guys along with me on
my attorney back into teaching and
fitness and I love it this is where I
find all of my energy to watch the kids
and take care of my home and my sweet
husband so this is my release is
exercise so hard to get back into it but
once I do it I'm like why haven't I done
this I love this this is something that
I just I love it I really do I love
exercise it just do good how much energy
it black-eyed peas here we go
Just Dance Just Dance
tired no energy let's go in my opinion
both need to start to work out and start
light for the first especially if you've
never worked out before a start light
for the first at least two weeks and
then after that you kind of gotta push
yourself out of your comfort zone every
time you work out and you need to do it
every day or it's not gonna you're gonna
fall off just like I did
are you doing Carly good I saw awesome
nothing's going yeah okay let's go
channel our endorphins
into heavy weights I'm tired I think I'm
gonna go have a donut
just kidding no talking about donuts
okay nice we were half hour right Katie
let's ignore friends are definitely pump
and I kinda just want to go home right
now but this is the point and your
exercise that you like no you have to
mentally be here and that's it I can't
go home we need to tone it I'll regret
it later okay so we don't really have a
definitive plan right now I usually like
to have a very set workout plan but
where I'm just starting out it's just
important that you do something every
single day doesn't matter what it is but
we had 20 minutes to an hour to do
something every day so this is what
we're doing today
you're gonna lift your leg up touch and
lift baby going to count up to ten and
then you can't keep going and you can't
down from ten to twenty and if you get
through that you're doing pretty dang
good but the goal is to get three sexy
girls in grab a weight for your next
step and then on your third set grab a
heavier weight and you just let me hold
the weight like this
it's your chest you're like like this
hey you guys open your workout where you
feel like you're 90 years old
that might be a good time you're done
you've gotten a good workout guys so I'm
gonna see you guys at home and I love
you thanks for working out with me I
love you guys says where's my daddy I
need my daddy I need my daddy right now
daddy's busy he's not work what is that
that's a triple threat right there
cousin chard and princess chard and
then wet alright hey guys
so Shay's been in California he hasn't
been able to put up a video so I'm gonna
try to do the vlog today if the editing
is crappy you'll know by now and you'll
know why and the footage that I have is
from Shay levy well obviously you've
watched it already so you know what it
is but the gym footage was some footage
that I was gonna use on the Katie that
Katie laughs now I'm the Katie let
Channel on Tuesday cuz I decided I'm
gonna put up a video every Tuesday now
what do you think
rock and roll leotard that smile smile I
think he has faith in me
see you guys entombed you - I norms that
I'm gonna put up more videos before I'm
like I always commit to too much I'm
like you know what I can put up a video
every Tuesday you know I'm not gonna
make it anything specific it might be a
cooking it might be some random stuff
with the kids might be Fitness related
it doesn't matter don't I know I don't
always gonna be but I'm gonna put up a
video every Tuesday so you could count
on it okay wanted to say hi to shave we
miss you honey and I've realized that
this is a lot harder than it looks
and you guys should you should give Shay
some Pat's on the back because he's
awesome at doing this I love you I'll
talk to you guys later bye bye
