sit back relax follow along to the think
as head to the Bing shape as with his
whole family and us deep
for you
hey no we're vlogging oh and it tells
the time - oh that's good
just testing this out 749 in the morning
oh this smells so good there's nothing
better
she's double flogging me I can't believe
you're double blogging me oh let's go
wake up the chillings shall we good
morning my babies
somebody's up what's up dick Dawg hey
you guys take me to the airport daddy
needs to go to the airport hi punkin
face hop honking face is this pumpkin
face this is pumpkin face I love my
pumpkin face this is my pumpkin face hey
princess time morning person
PT's overcometh PT Cruiser we take me
the airport to California so today daddy
needs to go to California to do his work
that's funny I have to commute to Los
Angeles what a crazy world what a crazy
world so we're headed to LAX let's do
this dogs come on baby tarde what did we
just find egg this is the weirdest thing
I just came out to go to get in the van
and there's an egg dude we'll touch it
it could be a dinosaur egg it could be
you never know I was out here last night
watering the lawn there's an egg on our
yard is that random
they're just like really bad let me try
to egg our house and they were just like
a really bad there's like Billy threw
one egg half passed away to our house
they could be a bird I don't know that
looks like a regular chicken egg it's
pretty random to be on earth is there a
candy in it no maybe there's a candy in
it you all right
stop choking to death all right guys
come on we can't solve the mystery of
the egg right now I got to go to the
airport if I've said it once I've said
it a million times child labor it's so
beneficial just just try to use it once
no one check this out got my little mu
sure my little musher okay a little mu
sure mish mosh mosh KITT mush carry that
suitcase check it out
Lethal Weapon 3 before Mel Gibson was
totally crazy
that's a pinball game do you wanna play
a racist pinball game Oh
racist pinball games need money dang it
what are you laughing at look at the
look at the construction going on at the
airport Oh what's going on up here
dude
oh good cheerleading good job I'm not
sure it's the best thing to have a gun
at the airport dog you might get in
trouble
good bye love you I love you here we are
going down the plywood jet way so ghetto
out to our little jet oh it's a
beautiful day outside that sets you
outside of the plane exhibition
tradition its State
safe flight outside the quiz Oh to fight
the propeller last time I went on one of
these flames I tried to fight it fight
the propeller I got some random dude try
to take a picture or the baggage lady
yelled at me
the guys like heavily know me for two
minutes you already get me in trouble
okay so check check check it out I mean
that is beat up on good echo good get
acoustics look at this wall this is
pretty sweet
kinda reminds me of ray william
Johnson's wall has all these just for
weird random pictures when he stood as a
dog resume Oh duh that's Reservoir Dogs
I know that it's a movie anyways um so
this apartment it's a little two-bedroom
joint a little kitchen in here and this
is my new pad that's right
I am leaving my wife and kids and I'm
moving to California 500,000 people
unsubscribe immediately okay
okay so the deal is until we decide
we're gonna move back to California or
staying hi-de-ho my good buddy Joe Feliz
he lives here in Venice Beach now and he
works at the station and he needed a
house we got this little two-bedroom
house and he likes to live by himself
but I was like you know I'm gonna be
down there instead of getting a hotel
every time I you know come to LA what if
you got like a little two-bedroom and so
whenever I come here I'll stay here and
I'll just help pay for the rent and
it'll save me money was I want to buy a
hotel room so he's gonna live here all
the time and then when I come down here
like twice a month check it this is chez
Carl's bachelor pad room look I even got
a chair and even got a little bed it's
so weird it's like this is like gonna be
my room and when I come down here to
like to stay or whatever so it's kind of
weird if I have my own little room it
feels you know I'm used to living in a
house with eight people that's a big
closet
anyways let's up do it now I'm just I'm
editing the vlog but to head over to the
station to do some stuff and yeah Venice
Beach does give me back okay this lady
right here oh she has on jewelry she has
an h2 this is if we moved to LA this is
what Carly's gonna look like in 20 years
from now on anyway so I was just in the
bank and the lady was I needed to get
some cash out and the lady was waiting
to get approval to get the cash out and
there was like a conversion thing behind
her
when it showed that a British Pound the
monetary system in England is the pound
most of you know that and it's worth a
dollar fifty two the American dollar so
if you if you wanted to buy one British
Pound you have to pay a dollar fifty
American so I'm just talking to her I
was like do you have any pounds here
she's like no we don't I'm like that'd
be cool I do have like a couple in your
wallet okay then you could be like oh
yeah I just got back from London had to
run down there what the reason I was
thinking about it is because the girl
that were renting this apartment
compliment because she's a fashion
designer or something so Mike how random
I'm from Idaho living it you know
staying at this house in Venice Beach of
this fashion designer who's in England
so I'm talking to the bank lady about
the pound and we're just waiting for she
had to get an approval so she's waiting
for a manager and she goes I actually
have a coin from the Republic of
Honduras so do any of you guys live in
Honduras I have 50 centavos de limper ah
Lempira she just gave it to me should I
care you can have this I was like cool
like what am i scroll we're sitting
there chatting shooting the shoot
shooting the shiz and she just gives me
50 centavos anyways I just thought that
was cool that she just gives me this
she's like yeah here you can have it
it's like an Indian dude it looks like
all right I don't know anyways so I got
50 centavos lunches on me everybody
let's go out to eat woo we can write
downhill
down on the bike this is it's messed up
it's like when I go close it and then it
goes out of focus well it's because you
probably owe macro how do you change it
so this is Derek's bike and it has
oh you're borrowing it oh sweet dude
dudes literally thousand dollar bike
this is expect to get a Derek a
signature eight thousand dollar bike and
Derek was bragging about the travel the
travel in this bike cuz that's really
good shops
oh you're busted there's like 18 bikes
in this house it's like the bike lock
house anyways the shocks really good is
this a downhill bike Derek right at
councilman bounce bounce as you write it
it's a lot of travel oh is that a bunny
hop you just popped a wheelie did you
see that flash Tony Hawk anyway sort of
here chillin turn up bikes and stuff I'm
sweating a lot here
dude sweet bunny sweet bunny hop you'll
hit your head on that watch shot
householdhacker Derrick Jones is coming
sorry okay Derrick were you asked what's
fake names go me to call you by him
leave the door open
Cecily you're ruining the X Games here
YouTube X Games Evel Knievel's about to
perform his last stunt you're shutting
the door go yes he can do it he's
Derrick what a day you need more speed
dawg Derrick I have to see that looking
Derek side DJ's I'll see it as he walked
by he walked by and there's it was
determination no he is gonna make it he
believes in himself go Jerry
I believe in you know I'm taking a bunch
of pictures sorry alright ramp the
stairs putting fail
