okay here we are at the TV station and
it's snowing I dare to Mallard yeah here
at Sean yeah go go get him he's freezing
what if the duck attacks mom you guys
get in babe
get in bed highs in the water look at
mom you guys move in her tricks and
shirt the girls are gonna try to get him
if it falls in I'm gonna crack up
seriously she's Mme get on this side at
me is all disoriented you like I can't
see it Chloe
I don't have eyes Cinderella we're doing
an interview and how is Jean seven years
old is this like a job interview I mean
she's a magazine producer and
photographic oh so I'm interviewing her
and I'm gonna give it to my boss who's
gonna give me money oh god I have to
find out information from her I don't
know I guess it's an assistant a time
life and that she knows about most in
her family
mm-hmm you drinking hot cocoa petite
oh-ho good fancy how to cook some did
you mean petite that means little
Bobby's little hot cocoa that cute all
right so we're in a hotel we're all
fancy well I'm still fancy we just got
back from a funeral family funeral and
you know it's just one of those things
that puts life into perspective when you
have the opportunity to you know
celebrate the life of somebody that you
love it just kind of puts everything
back does that eternal perspective of
like okay you know what this isn't going
to last forever so let's make every day
count every moment counts show love to
the ones that you guys love do it now
push pause go there somebody you love a
big hug and a kiss and tell them you
love them maybe not a kiss if you're not
comfortable kisses that's cool hugs are
cool you know
on the bum whatever whatever just let
them know you of them and check out this
beautiful purple mountains majesty
hahaha oh I need to work on my American
music isn't it beautiful
so I love about Idaho and Utah is just
the mountainous regions are beautiful I
love it
are you keeping no your word what are
you laughing about over there
I forgot to mention we are staying in a
hotel because Shay's doing an interview
tomorrow out of radios not radio a news
station about CVX live which is this
weekend the party or any of you guys
coming to CBS live it's in Oh who's that
something you just memorize this is my
husband allegations we've done okay so
we're in the hotel room and Brock has
found some new workouts she's doing bed
to bed push-ups seriously your mobile
pressures Mogo push-ups yeah
Jackson can you do those yeah yep show
us your pushup
you do a push-up Oh dread oh do it on
the floor do a regular push-up yeah can
you do that yes no I can't
you're so cute oh you're just not long
enough it's okay it's okay to miss you
know think it's time to do
a little small bones yes
he's trying to do what you're doing he
wants me to find you all right are you
ready babe no Mike oh yeah going to be
on TV
uh I'm dressing up more for TV than I
had to go away necessarily just
different choices I think the reason is
because we don't have any other we just
came here after a funeral yeah like the
only clothes we have we didn't have we
packed really quickly that's sort of a
last-minute pack I'm sorry you know what
you look really good oh he's good oh my
gosh hey hold on in focus
don't let me hit guys they all have fun
doesn't hurt Rick let's go
he's ready yep bunnies all right let's
go dude cool the nice carriage all right
so we're going to the TV station to talk
about CVX live the big event that's
happening here in a few days
Dax 10 met some Easter bunnies playing
over in the Tula
it is raining you're right are you a
meteorologist I can't see the word
meteorologist meteorologist that's a
hard word to say it's a ring you have a
growth coming out of your neck you might
want to have that checked out dude let's
just kind of come out of your neck there
he's a fluffy fluffy oh no an Iron Man
bunny baby all right well we're hanging
out waiting for our car to come well
who's a dear look dear oh my bad okay
here we are at the TV station and we're
about to go in and it's snowing I dare
tell it Brock what we find we found a
drunk and that's an attempt to Mallard
yeah
here at show yeah go go get him he's
freezing yeah if you get that duck in
here I will give you $10,000 no just
kidding I don't have $10,000 just got a
lot of kids what if the duck attacks mom
you guys get in babe get in bed she's
gonna laugh ha ha ha look at mom you
guys in her tricks and shirt good job
babe you did the duck walk to try to go
get the duck trying to think duck like
that made me laugh it was cracking up
yeah it's snowing it snowed a lot that
was cool to see him get in the water
oh look she's out that was cool to see
him jump in the water yes it did that oh
they're gonna grab it we could the girls
are gonna try to get him look how he was
right there water yeah they were too
direct they needed to think more duck
like thoughts that's true
you had your way
duck-like Kadim I'm out of here
if 80th all that I'm gonna crack up
seriously she's Mme get on this side
means all disoriented you like I can't
see it Zoey I don't have eyes Cinderella
abort the mission Wow Emmy are those
shoes not Dutch catching shoes yeah
where are we on that one all right we're
here at um here I'll show you we're at
Fox Studios trying to catch a duck all
right here we go gotta go be on TV first
gonna get us no first
oh yeah it's coming down out here
looking good on your tricks and sweater
all right here you come on let's go
let's go let's go hurry run come on come
on come on put that shirt up Iron Man
yeah so I thought it was gonna be spring
soon but uh apparently not this is cool
though I love this kind of snow big
fluffy white flakes I'm going skiing
again the ski season is not over ladies
and gentlemen flock studio hey what's up
buddy what's up
here we go Pat my snow in the face
everybody brush up all right here we are
in studio with these lovely ladies who
are twins by the way yeah that probably
shouldn't be something that you need to
like point out because it's obvious but
thought I'd tell ya so look the whole
crew is on the couch everybody
underdressed because we thought it was
just gonna be me on the show but it's
gonna be a whole family so I look fancy
and they look frumpy we look super fans
oh she's just going to look at this set
we're on here on the place Fox 13's
morning show and it goes from 9:30 to
10:30 s all right yeah
airs at 1:00 you oh it does ok so check
it out Fox 13 in Salt Lake these guys
have a show called
face and I'm really jealous of this set
honestly like this set is really oh you
know it's always sunny with blue skies
there you go
it's not that way outside right now that
is a lie
the wall is a lie anyways we're about to
go live you ready thanks James first
time on TV no guys have been on plenty
of times you see him oh that's right and
steps ten steps all the way to the pool
dance dance dance dance all the way to
the pool right straightest women quite
always Shh Gavin where's your dancing
Lucy here we go God's women dancing our
way into the elevator God ever to have
attempted to like the elevator might
fall somebody's shaking all right let's
see the two-year-old
he doesn't want Gavin's help swimmin
jump let's see it let's see your stunt
that's a joke
here he goes 1 2 3 jump Gavin back up
like don't touch me brother I don't know
how to swim but I don't care I want you
to help me
alright maybe help him now nice
good job Gavin's a good big brother
rakh
do a trick in the pool let's see it do a
trick is that a snowball in your hands
hahahaha
yeah get Jackson get Jackson I missed it
missed it
we didn't bring his floaties and and he
look there he goes again
think about Jackson is he is fearless
he's just like his dad he doesn't want
you to help him push
like underneath the water he doesn't
winter no crazy okay stud time
she chickened out
Wow that's a good one oh hi John baby
yeah there you go
our mouths perfect
nice Oh back flop slider alright check
it out this is our segment that we did
this morning stabbed by a nutritionist
dressed he's beautiful here Papa cool
excited for our next guest on the show
their engines of the official first
family on YouTube and many of you may
recognize them as
okay you guys if you haven't yet very
big deal they have millions of YouTube
subscribers you guys
Chapra into the money on faces but it
all started because you loaded videos
daily for your subscribers yeah
when I turned 29 years old I was having
like a little pre midlife midlife crisis
like I'm gonna be 30 and I thought what
can I do that would be kind of like epic
that's my name leer todrick last year my
20s and so I've been doing YouTube for
about a year at that point this was
eight years ago just like random stuff
there's a video of me dancing around in
one of her unitards I mean what does
nice good job guys man I was just
sitting there on the bed watching that
thinking 8 years and I know it's like
every year like 5 years 6 years 7 years
8 years how long is it gonna go nobody
knows
I guess that's what's exciting about
this thing called life so this is the
end slate you can click and see what we
have been doing every single day for the
last eight years just click on those
faces big announcement the last time I'm
going to tell you guys about it CVX live
is Utah's only YouTube convention slash
event we will be there this weekend
March 25th and 26th Friday and Saturday
in Orem Utah that's in the Salt Lake
area the a B family if you guys know
them from Toronto their Canadian Viners
they have a big following on Facebook
they're coming to hang out with us
tomorrow they're going to be at CVX live
the entire Trix and family is going to
be at CVX live my brothers and sisters
will all be there it's going to be a
blast we're excited so come say hi to us
like I said it's this Friday and
Saturday you can get tickets at CVX live
calm so if you've been waiting to get
some tricks and stuff sorry I'm being a
sellout right now we're going to take
every single thing that we have out in
the tricks and inventory we're going to
take it to CVX live so if you've been
wanting to get something I would
get it now before we take it all because
we're gonna be sold out on some stuff
because I think they've already sold
like 6,000 tickets to this thing so get
yours now they're selling out quick so
we'll see you guys this weekend and
there will be another vlog tomorrow yes
because the a B family is going to be
here we'll be doing a lot of fun things
because we want to show them a good time
so a lot of good vlogs you guys come in
this week so stay tuned all right I love
you see you tomorrow
I'll tell you this right now I know
tomorrow is going to be a ski vlog
because it's snowing right now and the
seasons almost over and I can't believe
with it's this late in March and I'm
gonna go ski tomorrow so a ski vlog
tomorrow stay tuned okay love you guys
bye
