oh just sit back relax Paulo
jay says to the things she does with his
whole family and us to go deeper
- you guys freaking you wanna do you
wanna see something okay so remember the
other day this is so weird I'm kind of
nervous I'm gonna get shot or stabbed or
something's gonna happen to me
okay you guys remember the other day or
that uh we saw that white van with the
secrets Unleashed with the crazy Red
Riding check it out check it out check
it out I'm gonna ask him yeah yeah
because I think a lot of you guys went
to like check out the website and stuff
and somebody was telling me in the
comments that they said that they saw
our video hi
I'm Shay I sent some people to your
website the other day I was filming I'm
the guy and I just saw your van again
and I was like hey I should come say hi
oh did you get a lot of traffic yeah we
got a lot of fun did you good or bad
whatever weirdo a biography of drama
romance and suspense it's like you see
in this van it's like I'm like what is
that it like draws your attention a book
of a true story is a biography and you
sell the book yeah it's it's a book that
me and another person wrote and nice
it's the true story about how a woman by
the name of Mary fights of witchcraft
coven and all the truthful really acts
that go on and it sounds awesome
four thousand hours of recent of
research cool what you if you want more
people to go there I can make and put
this on YouTube get your book out there
what's your name Mary Mary are you the
one who fought the rich witchcraft
actually you are you're like it's about
a girl they marry my name is Mary
anyways buses a lot of people in the
book that's all total so it's more than
just
one biography there's numerous people in
the dole cool golf all right well it's
nice to meet you yeah thanks for not
killing me see you later bye so there it
is you guys marry if you want to check
out her book she's uh she's interested
too cool there
she didn't molest me we're all good so
if you guys do go check out our website
don't call her or harass her anything
she seem like a really nice lady so it
sounds like it's a book about her
overcoming witchcraft and mythical
beasts no way that's rhett and Link
let's go be threatened link shoo anyway
so be nice don't like don't don't call
her and harass or anything but she
seemed like really nice lady she said
god bless us I mean she's nice right
but I said thanks for not killing me she
looked at me really weird like what do
you mean why would I kill you I was like
a joke because it's like you know it's
just as mysterious man you know it's
like what just like the writing the way
it's like bright red it's it's like the
way she wrote it it's like what is that
just very curious you know I'm saying
but I thought it was hilarious I saw
that bad I was like oh my heck I gotta
go try to see who was driving that thing
but be nice to her like I said she
seemed really cool alright I headed at
the bank got a million errands to do
today mami tarde and carly tarde took
the kid tardes to the swimming pool
again I know we go to that place a lot
but it's so cheap and it's right close
to our house it's like 4 bucks to get in
that's so hot it might as well I
couldn't go today because you know I
have so much to do but anyways you guys
are hanging out with me there at the
pool and everything's great grand
wonderful ok let's continue
hey how's the swimming pool so they're
fun yeah rocked are like it it looks
pretty sure guys up front of the pool
you okay you've gotten some Sun dude oh
yeah full hearted go to the beach full
time but this car has a tan see she's
got a tan were cousins you're fun yes
hey guys I wanted to talk to you guys
about something that I have for the last
couple years have been pretty interested
in it seems kind of weird I've been
watching the show I just found it on
Hulu and I loved it it's called what
would you do watch this little clip and
customers can't help but notice that
something startling is being served
along with the coffee and eggs
sexual harassment I think maybe I oughta
put on your head ok so I haven't been
I've been really interested in sexual
harassment the last couple years know
the game off so wrong
you guys I've been super interested in
this topic watch this video sexual
arrests what I meant to say okay this
show is called what would you do I love
to sexual harass you honey
I have anyways so it's basically about
this boss he's an actor and the waitress
is an actress he is like pretending to
sexually harass this girl and she's a
waitress and he's the boss in this
restaurant where all these people are
eating right and it's obviously very
awkward she doesn't want if she keeps
pushing the way and all this stuff and
nobody does or says anything and it's
from a term that I remember learning in
psychology called the Genovese effect
which is about a story of a girl named
kitty Genovese I don't know if I'm
saying her name right and some of you
have probably heard him at this is her
March 13th 1964 no one helps as Kitty is
slain this girl was stabbed to death
near her apartment in New York City
while neighbors ignore her cries for
help during three separate attacks last
name 35 minutes according to police no
fewer than 38 people heard and possibly
saw at least one of the attacks by Jenna
visas knife
aleem assailants nobody came to her aid
and only one bothered calling the police
and only after the third attack had
killed her this appalling display of
collective indifference sparks
sensationalized press coverage horrified
the nation and prompted numerous
psychological studies into what would
become known as the Genovese a syndrome
or more generically the bystander effect
so this happened to me once when I was
in high school I had a really good
friend who had grown up with and was you
know one of my good friends and he was
getting beat up by this skater dude this
guy in the hallway and he was like this
Punk you know I just really long hair
always like sagging his pants yeah like
the big chain he always smelled like
patchouli oil she's a total jerk he was
beaten up my friend and I remember all
of us that were like this guy's friends
we just kind of stood around and watch
cuz we're like well they're fighting but
my other friend didn't do anything he
just kinda was standing there and this
dude was like pushing him and like just
being a total jerk and to this day and
this is my junior year in high school to
this day I regret that so bad I sit
there and I think like if I could go
back in time I couldn't kick that guy's
butt I know it I wish out to just
stepped in and said dude get the hell
out of here and just just did something
you know what I mean so I have made this
like my life mission to do something to
not stand around if something that's
happening it could be anything like
somebody gets in a wreck or you know
something's happening the one before
this was pretty interesting it wasn't
necessarily the same effect but this
girl was drunk and she had like a blow
he had to blow in the breathalyzer in
the car to get it to run and she was
seen if people would she was telling
people she was an actress of course
because it's just for the show but she
was like hey were you blowing this to
see if my car will start cuz she had had
a few drinks and some people were like
no way I'm not doing that for you
some people are like okay you know so
the genovese effect and I don't know if
I'm pronouncing that right Genovese I
don't know if I'm pronouncing it right
but that is something that I have like
thought my mind I'm like I am NOT can
ever let that happen to me if I ever see
some
that's in need or something bad that's
happened in somebody and I'm out in
public I'm gonna do something I'm gonna
at least say something or call the
police it's not like you to jump in
there and fight everybody you could just
call somebody and just help out anyways
this show you guys should check it out
it's on Hulu I love it it's called what
would you do and this next segment is
about the hosts what people would do
what people if anybody will say anything
about this guy sexually harassing in
this way the managers check it out
here's 100 which is some interesting
things that I've like been thinking
about I want to talk to you about okay
what are your thoughts let me know see
I've taken um first aid classes and CPR
training before and they teach you when
you do CPR training to UM don't yell
somebody call the police
they teach you to pick somebody out of
the crowd they keep your down you're
giving somebody mouth-to-mouth they
teach you to look up and lock eyes or
somebody and say you call the police
that way you scream out somebody call
the police
everybody's not like will they'll do it
or who you know I'm saying cuz then it's
like everybody starts thinking the most
of the else I'm doing they teach you
that you're you know helping somebody to
look right at a directly had a person
who say you call the policeman that
person's like okay that's my
responsibility please you call the
police you call the fire department you
call the Ghostbusters you pick your nose
picking your nose
you also got to be careful with this
topic too because this is another one of
those topics it could be like woo
yesterday but what about what about this
you got to know when somebody's really
in danger if you just are like bugging
people all the time I'd say somebody's
like in an argument and a store or an
argument a restaurant you don't need to
go say is everything okay here you have
to be able to differentiate between like
somebody who really needs help and then
not being like just buddy into other
people's business that makes sense
yeah you go back now and stuff you know
to the ground to the ground
maybe you know my wife a pretty
traditional and old-time traditional
relationship in the sense that I take
care of the money I pay the bills I make
sure the cars are full of gas and have
the oil change I make sure the yard is
cut and watered and and she does the
laundry and does the cooking and it's
pretty traditional in that sense and I I
feel I feel like we pull you know I mean
I'd say I feel but if the truth be told
that's you've done more than ice but I
tried do my part for Fang to say isn't
doing the dishes right now this really
went off on the tangent of the dishes
right now which is normally I don't
wanna say her jobs that sounds douchey
but normally this is what she does and I
do the other stuff but today I'm trying
to do these just make her happy I'm
saying this this conversation I think
they done more bad than good anyways I'm
doing the dishes
okay peace in the Middle East
see I just wanted someone to love
everybody that's all I care about
what do you say Val what you see you
just forgive and forget let's be pals
okay Osama put her there
cool guys should come in Osama
collaboration page Oh summit are links
in my pants okay
