sit back relax follow along to the thing
Shay says to the thing she does with his
family in deeper
for you
let me chart you need to go back in
we're in the laundry room go just go go
back in the laundry room
he died once and the grass grew and grew
and grew and it tickle my what is that
another thing and and I laughed and
laughed laughs until I died died I died
once they buried me and the grass grew
and grew into the tick of my feet and I
laughed and laughed and laughed until I
died died I died what
no it's weird thing I don't know what
it's from hey guys what's going on
um just middle of the day and I am
compressing the movie I never told you
guys this actually this is really really
good news so you remember how a couple
days ago well I don't know four days ago
the videos were being off sync like the
audio was off sync so I was freaking out
I was I so frustrating cuz you know I I
try to edit them good and I want to be
good and then you uploading this like Oh
like you know it's like I've prepared
something and then something that I have
no control of or it's not working so I
tried to change the movie file so the
the flip
camera that I use I think it is avi or
no is it mov anyways there's a lot of a
ton of different movie files which I've
always honest frustrating why not just
use one Universal movie file instead of
having all these different ones because
like you know you can't use certain
movie files in certain editing I use
iMovie O six a lot of you guys asked me
that I love iMovie oh six I hate iMovie
oh nine my new MacBook Pro has iMovie oh
nine but I hate it it's just the worst
thing there's no there's no Apple team
just to cut the clip which pisses me off
so I movie all six HD is what I've used
probably the last year and I love it and
they dont sell it anymore and so I want
to get iMovie oh six on to my MacBook
Pros I think that'll make it a lot
better long story short I always would
oh my lens is dirty
hold on better anyway so I switched
exporting my video files from movs
to mpeg-4 x' or mp4 x' and guess what it
takes way less time to compress the movs
i think they might be a better video
file because it takes longer I don't
know I'm really a kind of a new about
all this kind of stuff I just know what
I know and that's all I know does it
make sense that was stupid fifty minutes
to compress now where the other ones
used to take like three hours three or
four hours so not only did I fix the
audio sync problem but now I have to
wait a lot less time for the videos to
compress which saves me a lot of time
and I like it and then I just upload it
but I don't know if the new videos can
have like the HD but they still look
really clear anyway so until I figure
something else out I'm totally pumped
that it takes a lot less time like look
only fourteen minutes left and I just
started that like 30 minutes ago
normally this is like 11 minute video it
would taken like three hours another
thing I want to talk to you guys about
mommy tards sister makes jewelry and I
told her that give her a little
shout-out because she's my sister-in-law
and I was looking at her website and
this is my favorite piece that she has
it's really cool it's a really bright
red maybe I'll buy it for mommy tart but
if you guys are looking for some like
cool jewelry I mean I'm not telling you
have to go buy anything but if you're
like hey I like cool jewelry and they're
all made by hand
mommy tart sister makes all these by
hand with really cool beads and they're
really nice they're actually like real
stones you know this one's made out of
red bamboo coral or something really
unique really cool stuff go check out
our website if you are looking for
something that you want to buy something
for your mom or a girlfriend or maybe
you're a crossdresser I don't know what
you do go check out the website link
it's in my jockstrap bar I'd like to
change those today anyways so I'm
excited something to go motorcycle
riding with my dad and my brother today
and we're gonna do that okay
so just checking them so you guys let me
peace in the Middle East bye guys ready
you excited
dad you excited no but I'm ready dad
tickle tickle bad tickle dad people in
the fog yesterday are like that there's
a point where I asked you something and
you're like I don't you guys are talking
about so they said aka grab it hurts and
f off I don't want to be on your effing
camera are you saying that I'm more
polite than that you'd say yes grow up
there
all right we're going riding
four-wheelers sorry sorry give my bike
here's my bike here we go
you just handed me the camera and now
we're gonna go for the hand back
check it out guys mention I remove over
here the sun's in the way
that's sweet innovation he's got his
flip cam in his goggles that's gonna be
radical hope it doesn't fall out my
head's too fat for that Kobe you're
gonna write on the back of the
four-wheeler you're like the Wicked
Witch of the West dad you got no dog in
your basket and your little dog - Toto
toto Kobe stay the floor Wilin dog
should we go on the road we're on the
trail click click the annotation to
choose it's an interactive floor will
arrive just kidding we're gonna go down
the trail it looks cool
became his helmet cam
other workers
I was just telling Logan here that this
is called bitterbrush
and they have these little seeds right
here because deer eat this stuff where's
the seed and for my Scout project get
off your flip cam I'm vlogging you get
my bigger than yours anyways if you
didn't know I was an Eagle Scout still
AM
Scott is trustworthy loyal helpful
friendly courteous kind obedient
cheerful thrifty brave clean and
reverent and sometimes obnoxious comes
dad
anyways we had to pick I'd pick like 10
pounds of little seeds off that bitter
brush to plant to help the deer
population that was a long time I'm
going to took forever Kobe
yeah like when we have gas in the four
wheelers that would be so much funner
yeah that would be cool if we had modes
of transportation I was amazed how cold
it wasn't it yeah you can feel it yeah
you feel it drop like ten degrees or
something already so I like the second
of all yeah you know we've been up there
with that it goes all the way to the top
yeah I'd like to go up there yeah we
didn't even check to see if the freakin
four-wheelers had gas in them so let's
turn around sir about out of gas
so we're gonna reschedule for tomorrow
okay we'll take a rain check here comes
my little brother he's on his motorcycle
you thought yesterday's view was
magnanimous check this out you guys this
is literally the Emporium of skipping
rocks what does a slate it's a slave
dude you could skip these look at that
that's perfect
do we should we should get like a bag
and brings a bunch of them go to a lake
you know why this is so cool to me
because I used to do granite and I would
do tile also and a lot of the bathrooms
and showers would be in this slate check
it out it's like totally like layers see
how those layers and then they just
break off so to get a big you know
twelve inch tile out of this it's pretty
impressive but that's totally what
what's liking a lot of showers and stuff
a slate tile or aren't floors
oh my ACK you get reception on the top
of the mountain right now this reminds
me of neverending story when he's about
to come on I'm gonna fight you like the
nothing and it's the
he comes out he stab them okay now I'm
gonna throw this this in the air I'm
gonna hit it with this rock okay ready
yeah throw one okay oh that's sweet
it's totally you're like living out here
in the Oh barely missed it I know if
they like fly look look look see that
house an eagle over there okay ready I'm
gonna try to punch this in half hold it
up and just yeah don't push forward just
like just extend your arms you ready
hold on hold on the very edges the power
of the double rainbow compels me so they
did they punch the rock in half I'm
tough you want to put your bed over
there yeah how come because why you want
your baby to sleep for you see if we
move the bed show sleep better yeah
what's your baby's name
Tasha oh that's a cute baby name
why did you know she was an acai Tasha
you were saying it
are you burping your baby that's so
precious baby Tasha watch out baby Tasha
away from me
what are you acting crazy for just cuz
the camera came on guys are showing off
for the camera she wants to move her bed
over there she says so her baby Tasha
can sleep better
yeah baby Tasha's arms being ripped back
your what I said I'm pooping her you're
burping the baby
