so you are not watching the shades are
drawn just sit back relax following
water to the same shape as to the things
he does for the deal family and just
because he brother gives life on lives
in you he's not afraid and less home for
two I'm ready for a baby also let it be
clear night use login uses
good morning it is another beautiful day
in the world
ah let's all take a deep breath in
through our nose this so cold the cares
we have and bundle them up and put them
in the back of our throat and then let's
just breathe them out ready go better
good let's go
hey Sun guard looking a handsome
monetize looking sexy Brit stars looking
oh not just so uh our church starts nine
o'clock in the morning and we may or may
not be an hour and 25 minutes late look
okay let's just go anyway this is the
thought that counts right mom tart okay
let's go
they were a little sister go get her now
you're in charge of her oh right here
you ready get your books I really like
your shoes dude let me see those shoes
what they're pink but they look ready
yeah baby time you got the cool shoes
and all the truth they're never coming
off keep in church I'm gonna get busted
my wife and kids are at church and I was
there for like an hour
but then I remember I'm supposed to
upload a video for Brett the intern
today cuz we're all gonna help promote
Brett and I'm trying to drive more
people to his channel so he has more
subscribers so go subscribe to Brett the
intern I'll put his link in the sink I
I think because that's what he says
Brett the intern I say linking my pants
he says link in the safe so go subscribe
and I'm running home right now to upload
the video because I sitting there in
church and I was like let's do something
then I'll sort of like oh crap I'm just
uploading it has to be up by noon cuz
we're all putting it up at the same time
so there's no need to act like that
Shane okay just calm down
I'm sorry guys apologize this little
excited I feel like I'm playing hooky
the rain came down and the floods came
up the rain came down and the floods
came up the rain came down and the
floods came up and the house on the hill
stood strong now it's on using in no
she's like that's leaving clothes sing
it let's hear it are you shy are you
guys sing it
no she's so shy shy tarz subpoena strike
hard you'll sing it
alright let's hear
the wise men built his house upon the
rock the wise man built his house upon
the rock no it's the flood the rains
came down and the floods came up because
when it rains it starts to flood whose
chillin like a villain who's cool like a
mule in a pool this guy right here we
got it it's like Sunday afternoon just
taking a little nap
what's up dog you playing outside you
having fun that's all the matters that
you have fun
all right you getting ready for the
snowboard season dude this is Kanye
playing on the loudspeaker nice dog
all right let's see it ooh sweetness can
you do that in the snow no you can't
admit it you can't do it you can't even
do it what you're doing right now this
is all computer-generated graphics
so I grew up being a skier diehard skier
like half my friends and my brother
Casey all switches snowboarding and then
when Logan was surf starting to get into
it it was like a big fight you got a ski
it tastes like no you got a snowboard
we ended up snowboarding and now the
same thing with Sun tarts happening I
want you to ski but do you want to
snowboard or ski which one both alright
I'll agree to those terms and conditions
it's fun to be both I brought my
motorcycle over I almost ran you over
you scared yeah we did go skiing once
actually huh how long ago is that like
two or three years ago that's cool do
that again you will crush baby darn
that's the close one
do go up on your tail like that then try
to do a 180 I pop off your tail and do
it 180 sweet radical what do you guys
like to do on a Sunday one of my
favorite things to do is spray a naked
man on the trampoline my favorite
pastime very relaxing just spraying
naked little boys on the trampoline that
sounded better don't spray me no you can
have the hose you're gonna spray
somebody hey hey Carly
no the baby you're sacrificing the baby
you're leaning over the baby hiding
you're sacrificing yourself to protect
the baby okay let's see it mom do it you
thought it was so funny let's see it
come on do it
dad we reenact it rock card mom do it no
my mom was doing something I told her
was dominant she said no that's really
funny in that during the camera on and
now she won't do it
what are you guys doing mommy guards
farted baby toy don't follow the window
right there okay you guys I just ride my
motorcycle up this hill and this deer
just jumped out right in front of me
there he goes
wow that's so awesome five deer really
red too his coat was so red oh use like
this make me not want to move back to
California being able to drive in the
mountains
jumping across the path so how you
called deer I'm not sure the proper
technique the hills are live with an
obnoxious fat vloggers it's so peaceful
here
oh no cavemen live up here comes stab me
anyway is gorgeous F and view pardon my
lays a competent French oh I love it I
love the just the freedom just the
openness you know there's just so many
people
I think we're gonna stay in Idaho guys
I'm going to LA and if in a week or so
because we have to go down to film
something I'm gonna kind of like look at
houses down there and make my final
decision but I think we should stay in
Idaho I think we should stay here and a
lot of you guys have commented it's
about I would say 70/30 as far as 70% of
you want us to stay here and 30% of you
want us to move back to LA where's your
helmet Jay I know my mom yelled at me I
should wear a helmet I'm going really
slow I'm just going on this just little
dirt road though you know I'm just
taking it easy just breathing it just
brazen it out here on a bike that
mountain it's so pretty well if there
were any other deer in the close
proximity they are now within at least a
hundred miles away from my screaming
obnoxiousness okay let's continue the
ride
