hi I'm vlogging here you do you dare oh
there goes Cooper it's raining like cats
and dogs what are you eating baby tard
what is that what is she eating princess
Arden
there's a cottage cheese eating cottage
cheese in the rain it's so like your
baby tired that's obnoxious oh I love it
who does not love the rain I know some
people who are all just like me I hate
when people like oh it's such a crappy
day out I love it usually princes star
doesn't like getting wet I mean every
light sometimes rain ruins the plans
like today I wanted to go for a
motorcycle ride I thought it's a nice
Saturday because it was earlier I
thought I'm gonna take my bike and me
and him or just gonna list some tunes
and drive up in the mountains but now I
can't because of this but just let this
smell I love the Thunder just something
different that's why that's why I like
the rain most of all it seems like it's
sunny majority of the times but when
it's raining mommy's a gimp she hurt her
leg exercising
I want to run out in the rain I'm afraid
it'll break my camera I'll put a little
umbrella over we're running in the rain
getting soaking wet eat their cottage
cheese it's 3:30 in the morning I always
sing that song when I get thunder not a
soul in sight the city's looking like a
ghost town on this stomping rainy night
raindrops on the windshield there's a
storm moving in you got a rock guard is
first raindrop
ready it's gonna thunder in three
seconds can you hear it
more lightning it was creepy yes it was
sorry there's a little Ewok right here
so cute
I like your dog he's give her so
romantic are we mommy tired you're like
Where's Waldo black and white style
zebra Where's Waldo
I found you mommy tall Samia mommy tard
all right date and instead of going out
to dinner or whatever his last night you
know we went out but it was with all
those girls so we wanted some alone time
we could talk about our life and our
kids and what we're gonna do with that
life and how often we should beat our
kids your and we decided to come up with
the mountains and go for a little Drive
and then we found this little creek bed
how do you say it Creek Creek Creek
Creek bed and we decided to start
walking up this we're just exploring all
right now we're just checking things out
and we're having like most romantic time
I'm down here walking in the ditch
though mommy cards up there what you
just where I belong in the ditch oh snap
so how romantic of us guys to walk
around in the forest see the Sun behind
you that's Purdy let me have Carly it's
like a built-in babysitter found the
remains just like Chuck did our same
perimeter perimeter perimeter here we go
oh very still there's a killer
Jackrabbit I'm gonna go around this way
honey then you can you get him from mind
you ready where do you go he remind you
of your toenail polish it's really cute
let's definitely our hiking shoes you
got on no I think it's so funny what you
said this is this is like the life of
the vlogger can I say what you said I
said okay so here's what's happening
we're downstairs hanging out me Mommy
turd cuz we like each other we like each
other and I rocked her what was he doing
he's just like looking he's looking up
into the ceiling he was turned off in
outer space and so I'm sure it's like
Jay I'm like what she was like gives
like a little head none like look at
your son you know look at your son and
we look at him he's like like its
there's moments there's definitely
moments when you can tell that he is
aware of things sometimes he's asleep or
he's just staring off but there's
moments where you like he's actually
like trying to figure something out
right now like you can see like the
early brain processes occurring you know
I'm saying it's like does moments you're
like oh what's he thinking right now
like we sit there and we're like I
wonder what he's like looking at what is
he thinking
anyways so that's what we're doing this
is the funny moment that I was meant by
I started on this whole journey with is
that I was like okay I go I don't want
to film that because I'm like it looks
so cute so I go I'm gonna film this K
and then cuz I usually ask permission
I'm like let's film this you know cuz
it's not like I just throw it on and
she's naked anyways she goes kay my
boobs out I can flop it back in though
though you said what did you say my
boobs hanging out but I can put it back
real quick
and so I was like all right uh we're
only done set boob back in action and I
have to say that what a good sport you
are to this whole internet thing we do
my darling it is we just renewed her for
season three she's a she's a mighty fine
actress mommy tired anywho though the
way everything else to say I didn't get
very much footage today is that funny
like towards the end of the night that's
something that always comes on my brain
like when I'm sitting here and I'm like
it's about time to go to bed I'm like
okay where are we filmed today which
footage should we get is that gonna be
enough and some days I know some it is
I'm like there's a lot of good footage
today but then there's some days I'm
like wowzer I was doing other stuff
today like I forgot to get footage so I
sit there and I think I'm like do I need
to pull the camera out so then like
sometimes I'm like I don't have enough
footage and I'll plug become the camera
into the computer to see how much and if
there's like six minutes and like the
inside thoughts of Carl's brain I
know
six minutes that's like that's a long
youtube video but now just gotten weird
this is a weird
we're talking about us in front of us
while we are listening all right so can
I love you
what are we doing tomorrow let's give
him a preview of what's on tomorrow's
agenda
oh we have church right and I was saying
I was trying to talk mommy tart into
going late I'm like we just skip the
first hour and it's long so then what
after church we were gonna go buy a fire
pit and have a fire pit but Home Depot
was closed so maybe we'll go get one or
I don't know get a fire pit mommy tire
doesn't like to buy things on Sunday she
doesn't so I just ruin things like what
are we that's what we wanted to maybe
have a barbecue tomorrow who knows
you'll have to tune in tomorrow to find
out what an adventure okay captain che I
will see you tomorrow
