so you login you but does that mean what
does that mean it means I get to go down
the water side
okay so I've just been watching hi sorry
I just blogging how's it going dude big
hairy man in the locker room talking
this is walking behind so we're here at
the pool today mommy tired and the kids
are already here and I'm just coming
here and looks like everybody's having a
lot of fun out in the hot Sun so let's
go see the kid shall we what he's
swimming shoot down the waterslide did
she go down think she'll do it baby
tired has the other kids gone down it
Charlotte Sierra's been hey wristband
she's like what's the wristband that one
you wanna go down the waterslide with
Daddy she won with that one at seven
peaks like huge when we ate crap baby
try to do it on the site by yourself you
can do it you want to go up there and do
it with Daddy I'll catch you
dad you'll catch it the anyone try it
yeah
she's a little nervous you me and baby
Tartars we're gonna go down the
waterslide and I got my waterproof
camera you want to hold the camera shy
let her hold it while she goes down now
and see if she could like film at all
we'll try it I'll just let baby turn
hold this camera going down the slide I
you know yourself
I think I'll go down a second look deep
bummer selfie so funny I'll go down cuz
I think I shouldn't go down first cuz
then what if she gets stuck up there I
have to make sure she goes down okay
here we go there we go
there goes baby tired of how when you go
up these stairs
everybody flat feet in the water the
water drips down and Carly a career that
is here and my not you think this you're
in the stripping down you guys know that
salty the stripping down here everybody
I think it oh I think it's change
awesome
do you think that was funny
I just got yelled out because I lay down
on the slide
everybody out of the pool we got a check
for pooping life a deadbeat ball you
want to do it again no look at this stud
muffin
slaps it in the pool kicking the day
away in the shallow end got two hot
chicks next to him hey hot chicks I'm
gonna dream it's like I'm gonna vote go
away there's no bananas there's mommy
mommy card excited I don't have a few
pumps let's see how long is your faux
hawk
we need ultimate aerodynamics no
spitting or urinating it goes mom retard
baby jar couldn't hold the camera last
time so son cards gonna do it this time
you guys ready right good Joonas lager
stop
did you totally stream the whole time
how to them to lady we're on the stairs
me and sometimes we're like let's get a
sweet handshake that we can do like
after we come down the slides have to
come down a slide we're gonna celebrate
our victory we have a special handshake
so we're practicing it on the stairs up
there so that as soon as we go down the
slide we can do the handshake in
Victoria celebration here we go ready
dog okay princess start and baby are you
shivering you called a hairy guy here on
the lazy river is that mommy car ah on
amazing River one of the lines go sort
of there are my Soniya
arrested under the water Saturn that
ready okay you guys
son target is going to swim down as far
as you can on the lazy river I try to
hide for me then I have to swim down
underwater didn't hear any Tennyson oh
is that the bridge you know how in the
late rivers is usually like a bridge
that you go over so I'm going to hold
princess hard up but she's gonna grab
onto the bridge and hang on it and then
I'm going to let her go and then I call
catch her so here we go is this over
here
montage there's this little baby boy I'm
floating lazy river this is captain
Chris are you ready
you excited hey you have to hang on for
as long as you can then then let go and
then I'll catch you
hey why are you crying
you know this song by Elton John the
whole tune yes like my glasses these are
Carly's
and I stole them charge new bangs and I
still you have mine I love the new banks
no bangs dawg I love your bangs what do
you do what you do a little girl mommy
guard has straight hair she's still hot
though I guess we'll keep her around
just cuz her hair doesn't stay where
it's supposed to be we're gonna mind us
I just stick this little hat on it it
doesn't go nowheres we got a babysitter
for the kids where wants dinner and then
maybe go to a movie I'm so pompous that
gala for Connecticut if I connect aqus
second little bit caucus yeah we're
gonna go see the the Dinner for Schmucks
video movie yeah video movie yeah yeah I
told her when I've seen that stupid sack
Ephron movie I'm freakin rather shave my
left testicle before I saw that what
these are Carly's dates each spend alone
time what's your day looks like I
already won this one I love these new
bands harmony tard hey do you want to
tell about our video idea let's tell
them you said you liked it okay so we're
gonna do a Bachelor dating game
style I was okay duck down the Sun comes
in oh wow it's great okay so we're gonna
do is a contest guys from what ages 21
you can submit an application modes of
transportation so you can take kids to
daycare with you can date my sister may
be a large sexual you can my sister I
love guys with satchels that's how you
should really look for Ted Bundy okay
how's dinner ladies I bought you dinner
how about all these chicks dinner you
guys better put out later tonight okay
we have a singer amongst us and she's
gonna sing and she's not gonna be
nervous don't be nervous
let's hear it what do you think what's
your favorite is your sister Elvis one
she's just you got any good or I will
punch in the face what she's like not
very good my dog Letty's we do backup
please
thank you it's Elvis thank you going to
I'm sorry I knew back up the Asian
ladies were very intimidated what do you
think rocked our do you love it
alright now we're going the movie the
movie here we are in Idaho
check out that's what you do any coming
to the movie you sit on hay and you look
at the movies what move you guys waiting
for inception you guys are on the fourth
level of dreamworld and you're sitting
in the hay and a stake hold idaho all
right this is great move you guys didn't
yet know oh I just ruined it for you
sorry kidding bye we're gonna go see was
it dinner with the Fockers honestly
what's it called dinner smack dinners
mugs like it should be called dinners
I'm the schmuck Carly brother besting
Carly's the biggest schmuck oh you guys
are the Schmucks
there with the schmutz get each other in
the face
they just spit each other in the face
already excited and we did it again
are you excited
