so I've closed my eyes how am I supposed
to film Prince's heart hasn't surprised
I'll just keep my eyes half closed so I
can't see you ready okay let's go
so princess tower has been bugging me
does my eyes to see with me is this oh
you love me good job did you do this
what you do you cleaned it up they
didn't help you did it all by yourself
dude straight up top that's what I'm
talking about
why can't you be more like your sister
hmm
you walk around here with the fauxhawk
huh
thinking you're some UFC fighter whose
name I can't remember right now but
it'll be left in the comments a million
times the guy who has a fauxhawk I can't
remember you must receive the tickle dog
where's the baby toy you can now clean
the room either you must receive
daughter what happened baby tard it
broke me in the computer there's the end
huh
maybe Kurt's not the intro where I
followed the golf club which was daddy
you broke to you on the computer it
broked me where I fell down so don't so
I'm freaking out here
Oh I just uploaded the best spot in the
lot video and I'm supposed to upload it
to the shaycarl Channel but then I
accidentally uploaded it to the shade
chard channel so then I was like crap so
then I removed it uploaded it to the
shaycarl Channel but then realized it
was still on the Shaytards Channel and
now when I go to click sign out of my
shaycarl channel so I can delete it from
the Shaytards channel I get this
internal server error and I have no idea
what's going on and it's freaking me out
don't color my phone okay here so now
the best pot in law is up on my shaycarl
and Shaytards channel and I can't take
it down cuz it won't let me sign out of
my my shaycarl channel it's I like this
just my desk working and the my kids
just come and lay on me what are you
doing
can you say hi can you say hi
look at those guys and say hi what's on
that lens so dirty hey guys I'm just
freaking out over this best bot in the
lot video but I think I finally got it I
logged out finally and just put it on
the shaycarl channel but now it's not
processing oh it's it's it's never bad
it's never it's an ever long fight with
YouTube sometimes it's like sometimes
never work so you just taking like Oh
anyways you just got to be patient
sometimes with the youtubes
hey we scored that really hard to hear
that I'm not necessarily the biggest
Jersey Shore fan this is the second
season if you've ever watched this show
my situation
check out the ads I got the situation
they're playing a famous mini mafias
famous right there song famous cool
that's so sweet
that's really cool the second season of
Jersey Shore is playing the famous in
the background right now on MTV it's
pretty rockin dogs jmo us PHA MoU with
that's right
that's awesome man cool cool okay now I
can turn it off I've been watching and
I've been like these guys are crazy
once famous coming on that's sweet
