sit back relax follow along to the thing
Shay says to the thing she does with his
family in deeper
for you
check it out ice cream truck
Oh cash the ice cream truck take debit
cards what you never have before you
seriously never have we have got to get
some cash and do that
I remember we lived in Phoenix and me
and Casey were young and we would hear
that thing and we would like jump up it
was like it's like you weird
firefighters and the alarm just went on
we jump up my momma somebody got some
money and then we'd like she wouldn't
have any see we'd be like running in the
couch back looking the cushions like we
had ever we had a piggy bank once we're
like cutting it up and we're like
shaking the piggy bag like go go go
because it would just go slow and if it
like got too far down the street we
couldn't go after it because it was too
far away my mom wouldn't let us but it
was like we would hear it I bet she
wasn't screaming sprinting down the road
and we get these ghosts popsicles
there's eat ghosts popsicles and the
eyeballs were gumballs was a blue ghost
that's what I always got glue I was a
blue ghost popsicle it was really good
no it was delicious and gumballs were
the eyeballs
gumball through the eyeballs yeah
there's a lot of balls in that popsicle
no I'm not I just have this little black
box I carry it with me every single day
yeah I just act like it's my beautiful
face it's actually better-looking in my
face
well I came downstairs because daddy's
heart needs to do some damage control we
are having a little discussion upstairs
and said we're not dying for a long time
and it's okay anyway she's upstairs
crying is she really crying seriously
crying yes all right let's go talk to
her she thinks we're all gonna die no we
are all gonna die but she is here I said
princess art you're not gonna die for
like a hundred years but I really I'm
gonna die really all
all right so interesting right oh why do
I have a feeling that this is gonna be
the most discussed change hearts video
cuz of the drama the drama Lamas people
like you what do you believe what do we
believe honey what do we believe happens
let's go talk to the kids sunshine and
lollipops
hey kids who's dead in here anybody dead
is there anybody dead in here
princess are did you die yet you didn't
die Oh glad I made it upstairs before
you died what's the dealio you're afraid
of dying we just turn the light off I'm
sleepy I have a big day tomorrow
I've been looking my my faux hawk in the
mirror at least 20 minutes what happens
to us after we die you hear really old
after we die er before we die what do
you think happens to us when we die well
some old people die some young people
die sometimes kids died did you know
that sometimes little babies die
well that's the truth we got to talk
about the truth did you know that that
scare you huh
you want me to tell you what happens
what we believe happens when when you
die yeah there's like I need some
knowledge drop some knowledge on my
brain Nino happens when we die baby
tired you don't how come we expected you
to have the answer everybody dies
alright if you live here on this earth
you're gonna die
you could die tomorrow you could die in
a hundred years from now I know that's
scary huh is that scary
do you member when grandpa died remember
went to grandpa's funeral you don't
remember what member grandpa Eugene what
you turn into monsters when you die we
believe that after we die that we'll
still be together as a family all right
and that we'll live together forever
that's a family just like we are now all
right would that be cool would you like
to be together still does that make you
feel better so I'm tired what do you
think happens when we die and happen
where's heaven at the sky in the sky
we're in the sky like above our house is
it like up where the airplanes fly
that's where heaven is what are you
doing heaven Jesus oh cool what do you
think he'll be doing I want you to check
out my friend oh he's got great videos
his name's Jesus Lakes my pads check him
out I'm tired thinks that when he goes
to heaven Jesus will be uploading videos
well you know what
I hope the internet connections a lot
faster up there that's what I have to
say about the subject this is what me
and mommy believe all right and you guys
can grow up and you can believe whatever
the heck you want okay but this is what
me and mommy believe and you guys will
come to a point in your lives where you
guys are gonna have to decide what you
believe okay but this is what me and
mommy think and if you want to hang out
with us and be happy you'll believe the
same Jesus will not be uploading videos
he will bring myspace back he will have
the most friends on MySpace of anybody
no I'm just kidding
we believe that after you die that we
are gonna live together again that we
can live with Jesus and we can live with
God but most importantly that we're
gonna be together ah
our family me and mommy will still be
married you guys will still be our kids
and we'll live together does that sound
cool would that be fun if we can live
together in heaven we believe that we
could be together forever as a family
even after we die all right but you guys
you guys will grow up and you guys can
have your own life experiences and you
guys can decide what you believe but
we'll talk more about that cuz you're
just kids right now and all you care
about mostly as candy and icarly and
uploading videos with Jesus all right
are you feel better it's a start you do
all right good I love you see you guys
tomorrow
oh my god about the same beard hey
listen I want you guys to know that
tomorrow morning when we wake up I'm
probably gonna hurt you guys okay I'm
probably gonna play very aggressive with
you till you get hurt just so you know
okay this right now you want some of
this um touchy subject right so I said
this is gonna be the most discussed
retard video there is um they was gonna
leave it at that
you know we could really delve into this
process and I'm sure you guys are like
what what you believe what you're a bad
person MJ I watched all 538 of your
videos but
I'm outta here I don't know believe what
you want and that's exciting I wanted to
film that I was uh think that's a pretty
cool moment
hopefully you guys appreciate it for
what it's worth see you tomorrow
oh yeah are you both from the camera
really good yes yes it's right okay hey
guys the best spot in the lot the moment
you've been waiting for is finally up
it's over on the shaycarl channel I just
had this crazy mishap I so you stopped
loading to Shaytards I was planning on
uploading the best spot in the lot to
the shaycarl Channel but then I
accidentally uploaded to the Shaytards
because I do that every day and then
when I realized that I was like crap it
doesn't go on the Shaytards
so then I erased it but then it didn't
erase and then there was a server error
and I couldn't walk out as shaycarl but
so I could log onto Shaytards to erase
it and then I uploaded it on shaycarl
slows up on her on bulk channels at the
same time so go check it out right now a
link is in my lair link is in baby tards
toes link such I pay attention week is
in babies hearts
Tobar so go check out that spot in the
lot with nicepeter go subscribe nice
Pater Peter he made a sweet song I love
it
thank you for everybody who submitted a
picture alright go check it out right
now
in
good spot no luck
