just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
hi daddy what are you doing cuckooing
saw it I love when maokai doesn't have
his leash on I think he looks majestic
come on are good or comply won't come
running around is the sprinkler still on
hey guys you noticing different about me
I trimmed the beard I did some beard
maintenance some beard Montanans last to
shade hard videos the audio has not been
synced up and it's like towards the end
of the video it seems like because it
the first of the video we're gonna get
wet wet it's fine and I was like so
pissed I'm like what the heck maybe it's
my camera maybe my computer's finally
dying and I need to get new editing
software but it's not because when I
edit the video the sync is perfect and
then the compressed video I just went
and looked the compressed video file
that I uploaded YouTube is fine
so it's YouTube's fault it's happening
somewhere in the upload so I don't know
what the deal is if YouTube's changing
something but I'm sorry that's
frustrating it frustrates me more than
it frustrates you guys it looks like I'm
in some kind of Japanese karate movie I
will know tonight I dumped it Oh God
I will meet you at the big maple train
tomorrow i noon so don't be mad at me
it's YouTube's fall I was I was on my
way I was like I gotta go I gotta get a
new flip camera right now this is
unacceptable we cannot have out of
synched audio so hopefully you two fixes
a problem I don't know if you've noticed
it on any other YouTube videos but it's
frustrating and I hope it hope it
doesn't do it I'm wondering if it's
because it's a longer video I have no
idea I have no idea I'm clueless
slaughter on the lawn for some reason
also having technical difficulties is
our sprinkler system here's our
sprinkler system right here for some
reason it's not working
and these all these buttons I don't know
what they do hold on let me just fix
this real quick
okay there that should do it I probably
just broke it more hey guys it's not
really AM no it worked me mommy tired
just like we don't felt like walking
today this is how we felt uh hey guys
shake our lair kids are in a vlogging
woods we should just give the camera to
them you're gonna wear that nail polish
and yet we stand by and do nothing why
do you want to our nail polish Sun tar
don't want to look gorgeous did you say
he's getting ready for a date a date
with who a parade or a date a parade
let's go to the other offspring is there
hey snow white you brushing your teeth
good girl good girl watch your own teeth
huh let's see say cheese cheese snow
white wants to have pretty white teeth
for Prince Charming huh and our seven
little dwarves
it's girl okay let's see what else could
it there's a cute baby what are you
doing where's the cute baby let's talk
come here where's the baby at Mom's
feeding him what is she feeding them
what mom season with her boobie shit
what does she feed him pizza sauce no no
milk what kind of milk cows milk
did you are you saying your mom's a cow
yes she is
Oh your mom's gonna be pissed go flying
all right here you ready that's Gary for
takeoff watch out one two three open
aggression of teeth
what finish brushing your teeth okay
ready that hurt your tummy I'm sorry
okay ready one two three
my turn
I can't pick you up princess are we film
this now do you have to get him when he
goes that way too okay come on watch out
baby turn turn come on I'm gonna Chuck
you so far ready one two three
what are you doing hiding my pepper one
two three okay hey hey okay here film my
guards turn again there princess hard
okay ready Oh can you see us lovely here
we already launched the helicopter
rotation device in three two one lift up
let's see how you do it - centered oh
he's a jumbo diesel jumbo doing it -
follow them
hey ready baby tard and I come to launch
in three two one
I want to see the cute baby he was
smiling at me today Dora ball
hey hey precious baby how's it going
rocket Todd she wants you to see her
clean teeth
oh you're brassy fantastic kisses
everyone do some tackling dress okay do
you want to be on offense or defense
defense case sent over here son tired
your linebacker no I mean your fullback
come here come sent over here here's how
it goes son tard has the football go
grab that soccer ball over there which
is a football in England go grab that
football and we'll play American
football with that English football he's
gonna say set hike and he's in a run and
prints a starred you have to tackle him
it's a jump on his back grab his legs
whatever and you have to try to run from
this end of the floor and touch that
wall before you tackle him okay princess
are you ready you got to be tough you
gonna get
it's a run and just tackle him ready
down said ok JD Yin Jacqueline you have
to jump on his legs okay ready
put your card up here turn up here
that's good
we'll just kind of practice here Sam
right here be aggressive
get his legs ready sit nope get him
all right let's switch it up you want to
switch it up you don't want to be you
don't wanna play football you judge
Prince the starters along to play ok you
want to run it
ok ready yes sometimes
please do not crush your sister's femur
okay yeah that sounds feasible down said
oh good shackle fun do it again Brett
the start babies are doing tried ok your
baby guard the ball oh nice catch
all right baby tard is about to run it
okay
don't hurt her you guys don't hurt her
down set hut then again one do it again
every time yeah okay it's rocks turn but
to start will you film this oh hey it's
rock card straight okay so I'm tired you
have to try to talk rocked her ready I'm
just gonna do a sock okay here he goes
ready
Akhtar scored touchdown baby
