anyway so just making down making some
hot stickers and some rice and a big
salad ah ah what you want to play the
play-doh okay you got it stand on the
floor and not on the table so you can
play with the play dough on the table
okay yes yeah you got to get down
Jade help here okay you want to jump wow
that's good yeah okay guys I just got
home
Shea's in New York Hey
all right going home excited I was
facetiming with Colette and the kids
last night and I was so missing them
they said that they all sort of crying
at dinner because they missed me um
we're gonna take a chopper back to the
helicopter because he did at night you
got to do it during the day right right
yeah it's right there on the left
all right I'm very excited I went and
chatted with the guys at blade and I
think we might have worked out a
understanding that they're going to be
at the CVX live I don't know yet 400%
but they did offer me another ride on
the way back home so I told him I'd take
them up on it so thank you blade you
guys Rock it's a beautiful day
you're out here a
the blade choppers look mighty fine in
this New York sunshine nice wait you
know me yeah you watch my videos yeah
Joe and Joe gonna be here pumpkin dick
okay great I'm going to see them now I
miss them all right Sarge
yeah Joe knows us all right
say it with me get to the choppa
yeah so I just met with him and the
warrior poets team here in New York and
just watched like the final cut of the
movie and it's going to be at the
Tribeca Film Festival April 20 over your
poem
that's what that's Morgan Spurlock's
production company warrior poets he made
that movie supersize me the McDonald's
movie and he's icon CNN he has a TV show
called Inside Man he's done a bunch of
stuff really great guy anyways guys here
we go here's the new pilot look how
smooth he looks with those aviators
killing it killing it alright here we go
that my suitcase back there I'm a
backpack right there
so great anyways we're home
did you guys miss me yeah I missed you
terribly terribly so much love Daxton
what are you doing what are you doing
are you stacking the play-doh did you
miss mommy
yeah YUM do you love me mommy mommy and
I have a kiss yeah not thank you oh did
you get some grapes I miss you and Jenny
we missed you too
daddy's still he's in New York but he's
doing good things for volume entry I'm
so excited to hear how it went the other
New York and he'll be home oh look at
that and he's gonna watch um the movie
that we made yeah he's gonna watch the
movie he's gonna let us know about it I
bet just gonna be so good
gonna have your cute cheeks in it what
good job Emmie how are you doing did you
have a fun time here with Cecily yeah I
saw your artwork let's show them your
artwork you guys well some of them have
fallen but this is the artwork the kids
did a gallery 92 and I did that one bug
to Devin brough did that and so pretty
much rocked again I did this and I did
that I love sparkles
that's so cool this is a nice gallery I
think you guys could get some nice sweet
cash for your art oh look at that one
with the heart good job a Mia let's show
them the other one the AJ did what Avia
also did this one it's not pretty
she is so talented good job baby uh
anyways we're just making down making
some hot stickers and some rice and a
big salad Wow
go on it forever will we do what you
want to play play-doh okay about it
stand on the floor and not on the table
so you can play with the play dough on
the table okay yes yeah you got to get
down do you need help here okay you want
to jump wow that's good yeah
this hair is getting along he's happened
to like do this thing did you find it
great yeah eat it yeah you want me to
eat it
thank you Wow it's kind of mushy I don't
really want it I can jump off from here
okay be careful okay let's see it
okay let's not do that anymore I feel
like the tables gonna flip no no no
you're way too heavy I mean like that
you're to have use no yeah and I just
think I don't want table to flip over I
gots usually I got to you doesn't wanna
be able to flip over anyways let's go
Mike oh I had a chip on that
what
by the moment maybe for the moment I
mean every for the moment he my shoulder
father people I just managed love all my
hatred nothing never for a
moment even for the moment I mean even
for a moment offer my condolences God my
bonus because I'm bout to leave you
hanging naked back into the moment then
format file takes a cheese and you look
in like some food it's like the soup
computer ejections are chosen babe you
need some N and a kiss Tamizh giggles
look it's all in our bodies part when
I'm full of
crack on a person like Lamar Odom edge
when you are training your life so
slender man take a second breathing put
your phone down better put your phone
down get a rub a trance
where you slow slow now take a probe
outlining in the world my backpack say
do you raise space sort of backtrack
pinballed adapter a party with NASA it
come on the rescue to world mine
disaster like never for a moment living
for the moment I'm in heaven for the
moment
that up oh you're gonna
right just like that we're at the
LaGuardia Airport I'm playing home
I hold the derry-o to see my wife and
kids
mark my words one day I'll fly one of
these
thanks buddy
where you headed sir LaGuardia dude I
know it sucks blue your beanie away
all right this is our spread we got pot
stickers rice salad sushi I think that
looks pretty good
yum yum yum and we got a video from
daddy guys one to watch this video
yeah oh I love you guys I miss you so
much
I'd Axton we said in my video I'm
uploading the vlog it's almost up go
watch it it's a good one it's the white
house vlog anyways here in my hotel room
I love you guys see Saturday yeah I wish
I would have got them the first time
they watched it was so cute anyway sorry
they didn't it wasn't good thing um I'm
just talking to you now Shea I love you
I got a banana got a banana and a water
trying to be healthy
the Tough Mudder with the whole tricks
accrue April 16
11:30 couches dirty well any stink out
my back
how so please I'm doing fine unless my
egg blows cutting back so come live with
me be my Whitney new addition to the
trip I got some move
and distress so nothing special I'm
content well all these baths along the
signified the lifestyle tip on the
father Jimmy this is the new one books I
just like in here okay you guys I like
it addressed you can stop but he's here
in my house is that cool dad put his
book in the white house Jackson here we
go who is that
yes you don't be almost blue that's me
like my outfit boy
well we're winding down at the Shaytards
residents say is she has she has some
baby boots on Cecily do you have baby
boots on do you baby boots on yeah baby
boots these guys you've been booted
Jackson what what you're right where's
my mom what I'm stupid
no you're not I had passion stick well
the kids are all saying goodbye to
Nestle it's difficult
mommy we love you Shh arts are going to
bed guys watch the vlog it was the White
House blog if you guys haven't seen it
it was really exciting we got to meet
Michelle well they like get to actually
meet her shake her hand because there
was a lot of people there anyways it was
busy
we got to see her going to be in the
White House that whole sprinters amazing
to be part of the let's move campaign at
the White House just trying to get kids
move and eat healthy is is a passion of
mine as well so yes let's move say good
night
love you dad
and we love you guys so much and see I'm
gonna end it
and you're gonna end it then the
students of history and gretchen like a
paint good job doesn't enjoy do it yes
squid yeah okay and and see see perfect
okay everybody likes you as a vlogger
better than me
hold up no I thought it's recording good
hi God you they want to see you talk I'm
home everybody hey straight out like
this
give me your hand like this you want to
hold it straight out and point it right
at your face like that okay now talk to
him oh yeah tell me what's going on dad
close dude you gotta tell me what's
going on total weirdo we're going to it
a restaurant and then we're going to get
um Ruby and they're going home tell him
that your daddy's home and you missed
him a lot
my daddy too we missed an succeed by
good blog in my friend good vlog in your
pro she guys that Debbie she wants to
play basketball I think I'm gonna do a
thing what do you think should I do it
should do the thing when I do the thing
I think I'm gonna do the thing let's do
this thing
I did the thing um I just got a shower
but um I I did the thing the thing that
I was talking about that I was thinking
about doing um I did it I think you
don't mind what are you looking at I
look weird be honest what what do you
think about it do you like it you do
give good reviews hush sorry to and
islets what party reading all right well
I'm glad you're in our book that's cool
back sit in your seat no crying we need
a happy baby alright we're going to Utah
you look beautiful I don't even know if
footage we have I'm gonna try to put a
vlog together um where's my vlog camera
you see my vlog camera oh there it is
there's hey um so this is the end of the
vlog we are in Salt Lake City Utah now
because we like to travel every single
second of our lives
haha haha anyways we are gonna be on fox
news channel 13 Salt Lake City TV time
tomorrow morning at 9 a.m.
talking about CVX live the big YouTube
event here in Salt Lake City area it's
actually an Orem so we're gonna be
talking on the news tomorrow but right
now you guys are going to watch some
outtakes to the loves brand deal that we
just uploaded to the Shay Carl's channel
Shay Carl's Channel yeah hey vlog
bombing us um it was fun we had a lot of
fun here's some outtakes of us trying to
say our lines we're not very good
sometimes and you'll see there's a pause
when I'm pausing I'm like trying to
write
the thing that I'm gonna say before I
say it so I'm like pausing and then it's
just awkward anyways there's a brand new
skit video on the shaycarl channel what
you're gonna see right now is outtakes
behind the scenes mess ups from that
video yes so check out the videos tell
them to go watch the video then say
action gorgeous video ready
alright you guys thank you for watching
thing lit up Wade had it pretty and you
know by the time uh talked about if you
die do it do it so let's just say by the
time killer five came strolling out of
my giant haha they did not stroll any of
them and you know that's right you know
this this hahaha yeah girl I don't
explode doing it yeah changing diapers
is not easy if you've never changed one
then I don't want to hear it it's a
crappy situation no pun intended yes was
there a pun intended I believe a pun may
have been intended crappy poopy diapers
yes it was yep pun intended it's a
crappy situation anyways thanks for
watching there's a brand new love's
video if you click on that mystery
feeling lucky button with the smiley
face you can go to the shaycarl channel
directly to see the loves video that
we've been working on and it's done so
go watch it it's funny indexed into the
hilarious job and if you want to suit
the Shaytards been doing every single
day for the last eight years click on
those numeric numbers 1 2 3 4 6 7 8 9 8
8 8 that's it ok I'm gonna go now please
click on that mystery vlog the feeling
lucky button ok bye
