just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
the ten commandments I am THE LORD thy
God hey it's me trigger our here at the
courthouse and what do we have today we
have a parade
hip-hip-hooray kappa hooray so excited
totally pumped seriously
grandma grandpa up here hiding in the
shade of the tree chillin like villains
love when they chill like villains my
dad made fun of my shirt he said it was
colorful and bright it's one of my shirt
I think it looks great
anyways the kids are sitting here in
their box start getting the candy you
guys excited over very big bags I expect
you guys to stuff those full up alright
alright I want you guys to be aggressive
the bottom of the stroller if we need to
get more hey listen don't be afraid to
throw an elbow or two okay there's other
little kids out there and they're trying
to get the good candy go ahead and give
him a shiv little stiff arm never hurt
anybody yeah Shivan logan and son
tarde have a sweet little handshake
let's see it dudes way to teach my son
gang signs
that a gang affiliated handshake yeah
what's your game called my game douche
bag Bieber hair Emily calm a good
example so this is officially the cutest
thing that I have ever seen daddy hard
blowing on baby part snail
show the camera you gotta blow me your
those stuffs me really yeah like this
look thank you fingers like this now
blow on them
I took the ladies do like this please
daddy hard knows how to do that all the
time I always use a clear coat at least
once a day
come here so hold your fingernails up to
your computer come on hold it up hold on
like this there you go now it's dry here
comes trouble is it coming yeah my
favorite artists Gucci candy epic tells
hurry go get your candy
they're hot they're to scale with his
head
Damodar let's see what how much you got
you have one piece come on son tireless
Michael Jackson dude homegirl rainwater
be book thank you with the Hobby woo
Harry Potter
said Baltimore don't see the name for
the marked still goo a man on a horse
with candy it's kind of like Santa Claus
but different you guys having fun I was
like a scripted bit what's coming down
the pipes oh it's a balloons plane an
airplane slash balloon I can't wait see
kid that's what happens when you don't
eat your vegetables you grow with wooden
legs
poor kid doesn't even have a real feed
so it's giant :
kids got a squirt gun
hey squirt him squirt him hard check
that out it's like we're snow
yeah it's cool that's cool Nold
harley-davidson
here comes hot chicks it's pretty cool
and cheap with a bunch of remote-control
cars on it like
another one bastard us bond is used to
be a rodeo queen sign yeah you did huh
I was the cowgirl here at gogo my mom
actually did used to be a rodeo queen
and what did you used to do the barrel
racing and go tying you tight goats how
inhumane hi
the girls are pretty you're pretty
you're really pretty sir very pretty
Malik I should play with one of those
imagine Malachi and that little pony
playing together that'd be hilarious
other torso Cairo in a wrestle him that
is a giant whale
oh well somebody put a lot of effort
into that that's crazy
that's sweet it even has a blowhole
that's a nice truck right there
i prevents anything little happy little
time um what was like glow even start I
was talking about something the laughing
but just got me just got me right in the
tush uh-huh that's what it was is that
laugh doesn't say what if I really like
them that way well maybe you you may
have less friends they are the proposals
what if that was like how I edited the
videos like no ray Liam Johnson house
like
and Phil's juncture ah but what am I was
like Oh anyways not like this every time
I cut it goes anyways every time anyways
that would be awful we're headed to a
fair and a lot of Europe I think in che
what it's July 24th why would you go to
a parade and a fair on July 24th sure
like basically 20 days late for 4th of
July
well this is more mundane it's pioneer
pioneer day right is it Mormon day I
considered that uh it's that when the
Pioneers came across mom she goes what's
the theme of the Freid today I go
Mormons they walked a long ways so
that's what we're doing it's a we live
in a highly infested Mormon area
they're everywhere around here yah so we
have to go to these stupid parades and
these stupid things
ah okay we're not
oh yeah enjoy the ride baby dart baby
hey hey alright see you guys and that's
where they go off to the coal mines to
work in the pits
that's where we send the little workers
oh my gosh guys you're cool unless you
feel pain no guys places to threw water
alright I am choosing I smash stuff I
didn't know anything a wet t-shirt
contest
these horses are like jumping around as
crazies are so excited they know these
these other horses are coming around and
the dudes are going to show the four set
jump on these horses stand back which is
heard about you get hurt
these horses are like freaking out they
want to like go they're like like an
athlete like right about you first like
before to go to the game they come
Oh
holy crap just see that the skin in tips
I'm like freaking out right now this is
crazy
I like scared people are dying in the
stands right now
community
hey community not a community today
how's the cellar mom and dad I was like
if you were to use one word to describe
this moment right now it's community
there's a lot of community going on
right now
and speaking of communities in its
Agbayani whoo what a great segue
high-five to myself yeah you like when I
hit my cell phone he talked of trying to
talk trying to TA
okay talk okay um what are we talking
you guys our community with you guys
we're just talking about like evolution
move to LA if we should stay in Idaho
what we should do and what you guys want
because I was came back to have the bait
website what are we gonna do yeah so
yeah the baby's here so he's healthy I
was always we're like we never knew
because we're like well looks wait looks
good looks move back be my mom we'll
have the baby
if the baby's healthy and everything
went smoothly then be good now we don't
know so we're just like considering like
our relationship with you guys what you
guys want us to do and that we actually
do take that into consideration when
making our life decisions but I mean not
totally obviously because if you guys
don't want us to do something to do it
I'm going to do it anyways right I don't
listen to you but but yeah we didn't
think about it a lot yeah we're like
okay what is people like this more
here's your guyses we're friends
we hang out walks days buddy old pal
anyhoo zl-- snoozles no big day leo
thought I thought you know that's what
we do I talk to you it's not really what
it is we just talk to them every day but
I just feel like whatever he says I just
like we had a more specific conversation
to them because sometimes it's like
they're just like witnessing like we're
doing something but sometimes we're
talking directly to them either no same
is this weird feel like we make you've
known it filling filling the chilling
all right nothing crazy just happened so
I'm at my parents house you know hold
I'm at my own home town is so weird
today go to that big things you see so
many people that you know from growing
up it's like hey what are you doing now
just like Oh making videos on YouTube
and what it's just so weird like to see
these people and haven't seen it for
ever they're like oh how's it going
anyways
so I'm at my parents house and I looked
at the newspaper and on the front hey
just says man beats the odds apparently
this kid Chris he had surgery on his
only working kidney and he survived
guess what he's wearing that looks like
a beard tarred shirt to me and right
there on the arms rip beard tard
and I was like looking at him like hey
there's a bear charts are like it's a
beard torn shirt on this kid the front
page with a purse I'm gonna go show my
mom and my sister and my wife right now
and see what they think
mom you see the front page of the paper
check it out wildfires know the story
man beats yachts look at him closely
yeah what about him look at him look at
his shirt it's beard or you need you
calling it isn't that crazy Shay card
shirt and the front page of the paper
Baird Carter Christensen of sodus what's
his name the video Chris Chris I love
you dude way to pull through on your
surgery you're the best
signing the paper you're famous man I am
gonna go get his phone every night
school that's really cool
can you commit to Tuesdays Wednesdays
and Thursdays you guys Carly is just
coming at me looks like I don't want any
flock today I'm like watch like I wore
this shirt in another vlog people are
gonna notice
that's like Carly who cares why do you
care about this because PS I'm supposed
to be Carly style and it's disgusting
when you wear the same shirt I think as
we've been with enough so disgusting I
smelled it smell smell
look at these chicks looking hot on the
Harley it's a hot summer's day on the
Harley with two chicks on the Harley
that's title this video right to hot
chicks on hardly with Carly
oh and chew on tricks about to run us
over
you're not not anymore now you're
obnoxious
