follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
here we are at Jiffy Lube you guys
excited
the man is way past due all right homies
let's go I'm crazy I am
what the van is a major need of an oil
change full service oil change and an
a/c revamp we're gonna put some more
free on some freon and I need also go
buy some hedge clipper climbers glamour
strippers clipper clamor trimmers all
this camping and traveling we've done
the yards have gone - excuse my language
in a handbag and so I have these four
ninos
this one picking her nose tard and these
two and we're gonna walk over to Fred
and Meyer as the Vans getting a full
service and we're gonna go get some
gardening utensils pumped I'm gonna try
to keep all four of you alive all right
come on my hand there's first centered
you're in charge of those two and I'll
be in charge of this one okay don't let
them die no pressure no pressure my
secured son their lives are in your
hands here we go got a buddy system here
the pipe fell out there in the front
Oh baby charges like that Oh a bunch of
happy children we've made it across two
busy streets so far if you guys are good
I might get your treat your treat what's
the big deal like you've never had a
biller before I forgot you're not
perfect
would you like to demonstrate our
purchase what is that gyro that does
it's a cut team thing that's right
got the sound of May yeah this is one of
these things that trims your bushes we
need one of those bad guys what else
mean he's got a hose that a hose with uh
where's that sprinkler my vocabulary is
shrinking every day probably because of
all the helium I inhale this is really
weird
I was just walking here with my cart
load of children and lawn accessories oh
it's Cooper here and I see this van this
white van with kirti's just take take a
look at this it has like all these
curtains in here secrets unleashed a
biography of drama romance and suspense
and supernatural events what is that
google.com slash sites slash secrets
Unleashed dot org is wanna know but
secrets are being unleashed inside that
van and I hope it's not creepy ones
anyways check it out I think or don't I
don't know it's just weird I thought I
should show you guys what kind of
Secrets you think are in that band
creepy ones like scary ones
scary secrets like where Jimmy Hoffa's
bodies found the big yo Jimmy Hoffa is
no
I'm gonna do I'm gonna carve shaycarl
calm in the bushes and then when people
drive by like oh that looks like a cool
bush
oh wait at the website I'm gonna check
it out shaycarl calm no kids
never attack somebody with a garden tool
okay I was just doing that for comedic
purposes oh yeah and then when you go
yeah bring it then he go right he
screams and runs away damn Aaron won't
be cry that's alright because I love the
way it's honey
Eminem loves this girl so much that if
she tries to leave him he's an entire to
the bed and burn the house down honey do
you love me that much I want you to be
willing to tie me to the bed and burn
the house down
do you promise that means you love me I
love this song actually it's so good
kind of like it that's alright because I
like the way it hurts just gonna stand
that's alright because I love the way
you lie love the way you lie really is I
can only tell you what it feels like
right now there's the steel knife in my
windpipe I can't breathe
blast to fight well I can't fight I was
such a good rapper I you see the
comments to sing each a you got
it
child labor love it so glad I had kids
we're loading up the back of the truck
with the grass clippings and you get it
in there
heave-ho tough man 1 2 3
a bag full of grass clippings good job
dude for a six-year-old you're pretty
buff you want to go bowling tonight
we gotta stop doing so much stuff dude
we can't spend all our money we got to
stay home sometimes too I know but
sometimes you can't have everything you
want in life you have to learn that
things are disappointing sometimes you
have to be able to accept that hey what
did mom ask you if you wanted to do
tonight about your hair mommy Tori wants
to shave Sun hurts head
I told Sun tard if he shaved his head
that I would shave my head but you don't
want him you wanted to get longer why
why do you want to get longer well that
all rock stars have long hair look at da
tree he doesn't have long hair he's
pretty rockin check out what I did with
my new tool today these bushes I'm like
Edward Scissorhands like hell I look
help isosceles they are I don't know
what that means but they're square now a
rectangle then we got all these weeds
out of here I like this is mine and I
wanted to play guitar guitar probably
how long go like before we're married
eight years so this is a schecter
diamond series beautiful inlay of the
gold mahogany here I have no idea what
I'm talking about this is all 24 karat
gold here I bought this guitar so stupid
I got it at Guitar Center when I got one
of those stupid guitar center cards you
know I was like a credit card you know
you ever seen
was a credit card for a store it's not
even a real visa it's like you can only
use this credit card at the store so
stupid don't ever do that don't ever
make the same mistake that Shay made I'm
trying to make mistakes for you people
so you don't have to make them don't
borrow money anyways I remember it was
like the guitar and this amp this is
like just took a little creep imp
I've used it a total of ten times in the
entire eight years I've had it and this
is like 750 dollars I bought this and
literally I mean I played around with a
little bit but when I lived in Texas I
got pretty good out and I think I could
play like ten songs really good I just
play those ten songs over and over I
think I was like okay so Logan my
brother Logan McKay links in the pants I
think gonna call it links in my shorts
right now because it's so hot I changed
it links in my shorts he called these a
case yes from you and me being the good
big brother I am I said no it's so into
roxtor
anyways Logan's gonna borrow this guitar
and this is a token uh from me and mommy
tarts love and this is the sound that
love makes you wanted to be a rock star
let's see it dog
any sing a song or just sing and play
and dance at the same time that's the
requirements of being a rock star you
can sing dance and play the guitar you
just can't dance as extensively you
can't get on the floor and do your
little whoopee dudes that you do but you
can still dance play the guitar and sing
let's see it go
with the play
there you got charisma that can't be
taught you know that you can teach
somebody play the guitar you can even
teach somebody to sing you keep some of
your dance but you got charisma boy that
can't be taught
once you kiss me who you singing to you
have a girlfriend that songs too alright
just playing it for the ladies out there
we should get you guitar and start
teaching you
bum bum Oh mom fell off the blanket
cliff the bluffs valley below
what yes you have a club what's the club
called I want to be in a club mommy tard
let's start our own Club we'll call it
the Shaytards club we'll have babies and
we'll we'll make a family together kids
know I called mommy tarde today the
co-president and CEO of shaped our
dinner prizes that's me you're don't
mess yo except for daddy I own 51% share
Elio 49 or or equal partners you own
zero percent you are an employee you're
you work for us you need to hurry and
grow up so you can clean up dog poop and
stuff don't tease you squeeze our genes
little for some reason every time he
does that we have to copy him but it
sounds a lot cuter he has the cutest
little
coos then we go thanks for notice
oh yeah
there's grandma's dance card partner
it's not sundered style dancing but he
still needs minutes of white his
horizons
come on low jump in there one Sam Sam
the man don't punch grandma on the face
be nice my grandma's 74 and she's
wearing iron iron Marilee somebody said
that my mom looks older than her mom so
for the people who said that my mom
looks older than her mom what do you
have to say those people mom grandma
great loves you guys good job
