follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
hey honey
your children's they're watching their
aunts Callie on YouTube why don't you
watch your daddy's videos like that
videos
he's ahe's a shaped hard misty wants to
leave
I'm sick of sleeping in hotels seriously
let's go I know this is like such the
original like crappy hotel bed cover
it's like this mojave design or
whatever's what did you find in here by
the way mami check it out baby
the DeLorean that's so freakin cool
do wish you had a DeLorean be sweet and
the license plate says back in time that
is sweet Marty where's the flux
capacitor where's the Malachi container
pater there he is pissing on the grass
he's peepee in like a car on the potty
good boy oh I'm just watching the
traffic cleaning up my bladder anyways
we found this DeLorean pretty cool all
right we're headed home how was your
camping trip hon I'm sweating can you
tell crap it's hot out here it's a
hundred degrees today I saw on the
weather yeah I know we need to I'm
freaking dying let's go okay you guys we
were just listening to the news on the
radio
the Payson Lake camping complex had an
aggressive black bear that was like
bugging campers and they had to go
euthanize everybody's euthanize they
shot it with a tranquilizer dart and
took it out of there but that's exactly
where camping and we could have been
eaten by a black bear so she practiced
our I told you there's bears up there I
wasn't lying I was crazy because we're
just sitting here listening the radio is
talking about this aggressive black bear
the Payson lakes camping area we're like
where we were we could have died you
guys seriously we could have all been
eaten by a bear good thing we didn't
though yeah now we're driving osore back
home and we're here at this auditorium
at the local high school my mom said you
gotta come we're gonna go to this talent
show tonight your grandma's in town it's
gonna be so much fun so here we are at
the talent show that's not tonight
when's the talent show mom so the talent
show is not tonight it's tomorrow they
were just doing their own warm-ups
what's it called what's it called when
you were practicing the night before the
Scherzo Farley style wins hey grandma
that's your talent you're so talented
yeah you can skip Carly and dad do skip
I can skip and vlog at the same time and
punch my sister in the back of the head
that is unsaved kids do not switch the
volume camera back and forth between
cars with your mother that is that I am
saying that right now I just did that to
show you what not to do
hey guys look what I just got the best
effing spot in lot right next to the
handicapped
that's me no you're parking in the good
spot when you're near the blue oh my my
charts on the phone the best spot in the
law to song is probably be out in
another one I have all the pictures
Peter has finished the song he just
emailed me the final version of the best
spot in the LOC song and it's gonna
probably up in a week cuz I need a
little help editing it because I've just
been so busy but if you don't know I'm
talking about every time we get the best
spot in the lot right there it's just
such a sweet thing it's like one of
those little mini life victories that
you get and we wrote a song about it I
am a good blogger you know I said you
get var because I just about I just took
a drink out of that and it shot me right
in the face and then I saw you coming so
like turn the camera on and I didn't say
anything
it's an overzealous water another
telescope it's my grandma just made a
small penis joke to me
thanks grandma thanks you have to deal
with guys
my dad is so drunk waiting for the movie
to start order being crazy excited for
seen the movie Inception and I've heard
but in rhesus they have to think you
have to really pay attention and I love
those movies you know why I'm super
smart super duper smart want to tell you
guys about a funny little story in the
bathroom with me and these they're two
days that's a funny way to start a story
it immediately about this funny story I
was in the bathroom asleep anyway so I
was washing my hands and do these two
other guys were also washing their hands
so there's three of us standing there at
the the washing hand station so we all
finish and the first guy to gets down
walks the first guy walked over and he
went to get the paper out of the thing
and he got the last of the towel to dry
your hands I mean the other Deuter said
there were our hands are soaking wet and
he's drying his hands like sorry guys
three of us started with a moment that
we thought of being ordinary let's check
out what champions
so is the dope you know you get money
from your gross house every year really
had $10 roars number being it as a kid
in Section incredible Oh what would your
a totem be with it was they called it a
totem I think I'd have like a customized
vlogging camera and then I would just
like film I'd like that you my totem
it's like a camera that hears yeah I'd
like this is a dream this is not a dream
I don't know would yours be could it be
a cheeseburger I guess you can't keep
eating your totem oh this meats rotten
it must be reality if you've seen its
inception you probably know what I'm
talking about if not I don't want to
ruin it for you but it was I could movie
it's one of those movies we start
watching and you're like what in the H
he double hockey sticks is going on and
you just have to be patient you know and
as you it's one of those movies that you
learn more and it's it's hard to be
patient I think in those kind of movies
if you were you think I just yeah anyway
go see it I mean that's a movie you can
see over and over again because like
there's so much to talk about so many
scenarios somebody like well what if
well what about what would have happened
if this you know that kind of stuff
where you could just like go on forever
like you can see that movie multiple
times it's like a it's a it's a taxing
movie to watch because here's like you
know wait now this was that and you know
you like keep track of all these things
in your head but it's it's still
visually really I mean amazing like I
wonder how long it took him to shoot how
many different sets there were how many
levels there was four levels there was
the airplane
there was five okay wait look at the
airplane is reality than the van well
I'm not gonna give away the story okay I
won't say anything go see it it's really
good if you have seen that I would love
I look like get a big room with a bunch
of blue saw and just talk about it you
know you should start a forum inception
idea with Shaytards come check it out
links my pants anyways it's a great
movie I loved it and it was Zi Yan Yan
Ori honor fest
go back for a babysitter it's 1225 and
she's still watching the kids I'm gonna
give her a big tip how much we give her
how much we give a babysitter I think 20
bucks or more probably more for kids for
six hours how much would you give it a
minute yeah let me see how much she's
had four kids for six and a half hours
and I have 27 dollars yeah they have
probably been here they've probably been
asleep for half the time because if I
went to bed at 10:00 anyways how much
would you tip twelve-year-old girl
watching four kids for six hours laughs
oh this she who cares she's I'm giving
her twenty-seven dollars because it's
all the cash I have in my pocket do you
think that's fair or not what do you
think in the comments oh that's good I
do I mean if you think about it as far
as like minimum wage she should get like
sixty bucks but baby something's
different
I don't know she's probably been sitting
on the couch watching movies for the
last three or so Carly actually gave her
15 and we gave her 27 42 bucks
but still that seems like not very much
to me we hate like when you come home
and a babysitter's like to sleep on the
couch and like the kids are been yelling
mommy Tigers don't care are you 15
minutes
I'll meet our yummy minutes
