just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
okay guys so we're leaving the hotel
because Casey has lunch ready and we
have to be there at noon and the video
is uploading but like I said if you
don't watch it it never works it
seriously doesn't it drives me crazy if
you don't sit there and stare at it
uploading it never works
I'll leave I'll go do some things we
have to go and then I'll come back and
it like fail hopefully it'll work as it
has 30 minutes left to upload it's going
right now send hard come on cross your
fingers man both fingers let me see him
both fingers cross them yes nothing
causes rigor like this
cross your fingers like this no what do
you do at a gang sign
cross your fingers like this that is for
good luck
you never do that before and you cross
your fingers
we're crossing our fingers Malakai you
crossed your fingers foam quotes my toes
dirty
Oh bum crossing them alright so we're
going up to eat lunch with Casey and
we're leaving our camping this is our
tent
we're definitely camping and this is a
sweet tent with Wi-Fi and a shower and
the toilet let's go jump and fly like
Superman look at this view it is
amahzing where's the elk case I seen a
big bull right in the middle of that
green pastures
oh you what time do you go this morning
what 5:30 what were we doing at 5:30
honey the sun's rising
so gorgeous I was trying my better
camera with this mount it's great view -
great view
stop you know it's even beautiful er
than this view this view what the sail
machine hi I just died in your arms
tonight it must have been something you
said and I'm gonna walk way I'm gonna
walk away it waswe I should have walked
away yeah
and I I just died in your arms night it
must have been something you said my
headed man yeah
we're just feeling passionate up here on
the top of the mountain I should've
walked away
Hey how's it going out there
that looks like the warmest water
straight inch or William I'd make me a
rock Carter just gonna stay up here okay
we're nice and cozy and warm are you
gonna get in the water you know just
chillin up here what's nice and dry and
warm
holy Majoli there is princess heart and
daddy's hard they are the bravest 100
you got a loop around behind him look
around behind him it's gonna catch the
Ducks hey guys don't go so fast again
the tempo Casey's baiting the Ducks in
with Teddy Grahams and the kids are
trying to catch the Ducks in the lake
yeah I'm gonna film it
ducks attack small child in Lake I can
see the video now remember we were
fishing in Arizona about that duck and
attack that no you caught the baby duck
and the mom duck started attacking and
my mom was hitting the mom duck off with
a fishing pole while my dad was trying
to unhook the the baby duck off the off
the hook because Casey cast it out there
and caught the baby duck reeled it in
and then the mom duck came to attack us
and so my mom had the vision pole like
trying to protect my dad from the mom
duck while my dad unhooked the hook from
the baby duck true story true story I
want to see you stand up on there going
off come here hold my hand versus I used
to do this all the time I have a molten
spat now 50 pounds later you can't do it
good over there I've got you I've got
you you ready ready going at your feet
on that
well fine you touch the bottom but it's
ways down there
it's like 10-feet you wanna do it
sometime I don't know
go ahead when you're ready you do it
this is awesome it's about there's about
10 feet deep I felt a rock down there
but it's lightweight it's way down there
I'm big so I sunk a lot missus what are
you gonna do okay
scream like a girl okay go yeah do a
front-flip okay gonna try it really huge
aya Did you touch the ground
no yeah follow me oh yes sir it's gonna
be all over you to go under uh Shaytards
we have a channel that we do every day
video with our family and just she's
gone youtube will go on Shaytards tours
yeah there's there's like 500 videos
there so I say JY ta RDS okay you got to
subscribe to the channel okay more
subscriber guys I'm gonna push me I'm
gonna try it another back anyway woo
shut off the top oh yeah oh yeah
seven fajitas what do you jump together
to do on your sign I guess go like a
pencil what about the old room you're
calling okay one two three four miles of
good cancel thank you fine what do you
think about that that was awesome
yeah yeah I'm Kenneth Reese cream shake
shake hard one to see bird cage Ichiro
group yeah uring on you again
aren't your side legs together and
scream like a little girl I'm gonna
scream like a little girl with you you
wanna do together
I'm headed back up to the mountain we
came down it's about a 30-minute drive
up into the mountains you know up to
where the campus but we're camping down
here and we're in Payson Utah good old
Payson Utah in huge ape dark spicing
Utah there's a big shout out to all your
homies pison you talk one guy sitting
behind this computer right now like are
you mocking me
it is this really cool place I like this
is like an old school and it has an
Indian name but it's like a lot of the
Mormon pioneers like settled here you
tell some of the houses regularly this
house that house is tiny Joseph Smith
lived in that house just kidding that
it's not historically correct any who's
owes us we uploaded the video and now
we're headed back up into the Mont ownio
stay beautiful ammos and that stands
that's that's Spanish for camp I think
that's a vlogging moment I think that's
something that needs to be mentioned I
think mommy turns being so funny right
now and she's just being a little brat
I'm gonna pray act so we're driving
right up the mountain to go back to the
campsite and remember yesterday and
yesterday's vlogs these cows are just
out here grazing they're on the road
there's how you're chilling out do
whatever they want think they run the
place company saw a couple of them
playing craps on a little sword
you know they're doing you know some of
them have like underground systems I got
going on up here and I think there's
like an actual legal system there's a
president out anyway
I'm all for cows right anyways one of
them just ran like straight from the
side of the road into our van I come
around the bend and I'm honking at him
he's dropping he's walking towards us Oh
towards the road I'm honking I'm
flashing my lights he comes right into
the road right towards Bobby dirty cow
it was the first time in my life and
I've said that that has actually made
sense
ladies and gentlemen do you understand
what just happened here
we had a literal we had a literal holy
cow think about it people this is a big
moment when if you had a literal holy
cow don't know here's their ears whether
they go oh they literally go oh oh
traffic is so bad in Idaho dude where's
your blinker where trip Blake are you
don't look at me you want some of this
yeah but your taillight buddy oh swear
I'm moving back to LA this is ridiculous
we got a pedestrian we got a pedestrian
this is the best drive ever
this is a bovine problem okay I think
we're done let's move back to LA so we
have the princess tarde and the cusan
tarde and I just yelled at them and I
said girls not even joking there's bears
out here there's elk
well I'm didn't see a bear but there's
bears out in these mountains there's
danger in these woods girl there's elk
all kinds of stuff and the sun's going
down and that's when the Dracula's get
hungry so that's why you have to come in
close to the fire chicken but yes I
think many would concur with that
statement
it was rough here Casey is cooking up a
s let me just show it for you an sto RM
areas the cook of the century the man of
all ages the international man of
leisure cooking up the steaks on the
grill the little Dutch oven cheesy
potatoes gander let's take a look that
was this guy oh it's a cheesy delightful
culinary amazingness that's you got you
got five stars in the New York Times for
that that reveal you guys Carl her
how's it going let me paint a picture
for you real quick
it's a beautiful perfect 70 degree
evening the Sun just setting over the
mountains the pink clouds roll the
western sky the fire crackles in the
corner the Sun wants to play football
with the dad the freedoms are intact it
was a beautiful night that night with
your family
love you son tard love you so much
oh hey oh I don't know you guys I'm here
I'm just oh hey guys we just saw camping
sometimes thrown the football or is
having a girl thought oh I just kicked
it asking hit a baby I'm in trouble
what's all of this
dude cuz I I say to you good sir it's
too dark we're about to eat
look the potato's about ready Casey's
over there talking those people with the
horses about hunting Malachi's tied up
to the van because he almost attacked
one of those horses and made the guy
that was on the words fall off which
would probably ensued into a giant
lawsuit so now he is tied up because he
likes to attack horses apparently we
didn't know this is something new and
the dude literally almost like broke his
neck fought off his horses carry what
we're thinking red horses well we were
better informed to come here he is on
point and these people have these horses
like he I don't know what it is like he
wants to attack these horses and since
they've gotten here he has not stopped
that stands his hairs like on on edge
his ears are up he's staring over there
the people with horses are over there
and he wants to attack and as I keeps
looking over there dude maybe I should
train him he could be like a horse
killer I don't know how that would
benefit society at all but you know you
gotta develop your talents right oh crap
you guys something else just happened
dude this is starting to freak me out
we have somebody else it was awesome get
those horses go go go just wants to go
get him go that was not intimidating are
you galloping Malakai your brother is
acting like a weirdo
anyways that's overdue
there Oh Oh Manny went in there's no we
see you dear we see you dear you're not
sneaky look at him jumping good dear I
wanna see another one what's attractive
what of the road like why I know why do
they want to come on the road I don't
know weird me and my brother just
driving down to the campsite the
campsite we're going down to the hotel
to get his wife's sister and we're just
wondering to ourselves why did the deer
like the road
it's question only time or answer
until next time join us on the tier with
KC a check out
