follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
are you guys ready cuz we're going
camping for three days
you pumped check it you know what that
means got the trailer hook up to the van
we've got Malik ooh poopy down there hey
Malik a poopy we see your nose oh I'm so
excited I can totally handle it
I'm gonna be camping forever I'm gonna
run around and smell trees and play on
stuff and oh I can only imagine all the
amazing things that await me in the few
days to come all jeepers over there
giving me are we rolling
I need you I need to say action you'll
never know
Chapter II just have to get we just had
a big conversation in the van if we're
there yet you know it's not just a
stereotype kids really do ask dad are we
there yet it's not it's not just
something you see in movies it's like do
we look like we're there no I just I
just explained to Center we're driving
on the road does it look like we're
there yet when we are parked and there
are trees surrounding us and the doors
are open and I say get out we're here
that's when we're there not until then
and then we started talking about this
is sign language right yes that means
baby we we get it we did it a different
way right because this is like rock and
roll sign right so anywhere like this
you guys try to home I / - starla sita
guitar let's see you got mommy tired
your turn I think I do it the best and
I'm the best
okay we'll practice it
keep practicing practice the home is me
you're not doing what I told you to
there's obviously two beds here what
should you be doing right now right so
why don't you get to it and after you're
done doing that I have some other chores
for you I want 20 reps of those oh boy
don't hit the pictures on the walls
we're need room service in here pretty
quick with my brother and his kids to go
to we are allowed to have the dog in the
hotel luckily this is like the only
hotel in town they do allow dogs let's
put some order here what's the water
dude get out of the way Fatso's there's
like or go to this mountain and there's
cows like just everywhere crazy and it's
pretty craziest of this going up into
the mountains up this steep winding road
up to this campsite the Casey has and
it's beautiful it's gorgeous it's simply
marvelous
simply marvel at the Klimt
hey kids like why are you this gal has a
leak in it this gal has a leak in it
these catheters just vanilla you're
become a hamburger if you don't get out
of the way okay we're here check it what
do you guys think cousin listen gorgeous
just sitting here Casey's gonna do some
Dutch oven chicken he's got his little
cold warming up over there
Malachi's has more freedom than he knows
what to do with you think he'd be out
here running around okay big okay she's
getting the chicken ready while I sit
here and the girls are inside probably
talking about how hot their husbands are
it's how much they're doing the kids
there's this big like circle road circle
road PC son tard way up there where is
he behind Casey's on this bike way up
there kids are just running around
Malachi's look so funny Malik I just
like just like doesn't know what to do
are you staying right around camp he's
so out of shape I should take him out so
we can run around more often but he's
panting and what kind of chicken we have
in Casey rawhide chicken raw hard I'm
gonna put like cheese and stuff in there
you got anything in there right now
we're just sitting around this this
Dutch oven staring at it house rocked
art like in the outdoor wilderness so we
love about camping whooping our pants
you're not coordination poop your pants
it's going in there now case onion and
garden but now that's a man's gun did
you even kill anything with that 22 does
have a scope on it
oh that's hilarious you just put one
bullet at a time yeah that's hilarious
watch it or get our pink 22 out and
shoot you in the face there comes
melikhaya on the back stretch where is
he going he's running through camp he is
loving this hey buddy
buddy whoa young fun you're fun good boy
it is loving it it's like a bear hey
what's going on this breath stinks so
bad - it's not puppy breath that's for
sure
it's it's rotting zebra breath I imagine
what a rotting zebra and the plains of
Africa would smell like is identical to
Malachi's breath would you concur my old
Casey over here stirring the fire I was
doing case we're cooking potatoes where
they out right there I got some baked
potatoes in the fire cooking them on the
coals it's looking nice where's the
girls there they are
if you guys can see princess tart and
baby tard they're out there in the
prairie they're crossing the plains what
did you see why do you why did your
vocabulary just immediately shrink when
I turned the camera on
we sawed blood bear princess star just
told me that they saw Bear blood up in
the forest what else did you see up
there rocks what'd you sing country
Amarillo by morning up into San Antone
everything that I've got is just what
I've got a home you guys I'm here to
echo your Soudan echo is oh my goodness
gracious
yeah listen okay listen listen ready I
go here I go that's the speed of sound
battle scene okay go
sun's about to set
what a beautiful scene I wish you guys
could see this better the moon so
gorgeous
the lighting is a little bit off I need
a white balance I think I don't know
okay so what I've seen is um my brother
Casey is a die-hard hunter he literally
won't sleep in the woods for a week and
hike 20 miles a day and he likes to
shoot elk I know some of you don't like
that but you can only say that you're a
vegetarian or a vegan because to me
that's the only fair way to do it you
know instead of eating a cheeseburger of
a cow who was on you know these horrible
cow farms where they slaughter him
getting out here and hiking through
these mountains and find an animal it's
fair to me
so don't freak out because my brother
likes done us he drew out on elk hunt
right here scouting to see where the elk
are and then in a few weeks when the
hunt starts what's up doc so tired from
chucking rocks out into the canyon
that's so gorgeous Sun setting you got
to see one before you hit it you see an
elk so funny because we're like I just
ate dinner okay we're gonna go scouting
for elk start goes I wanna come scout
for an elf I'm not looking for elves
honey we're going to look for elk I
don't see any problem with that
don't cry if they come charging you and
kick you or something
yeah go throw a rock at a cow and on
okay good news no cows on the loose cows
up on the loose in the road this bum
food don't respect mother nature
