follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
I realize I'll do a live okay it is it's
late in the evening and we haven't
flogged anything all day it's seven
o'clock his love it's hard and where are
we we find ourself in a hotel room
what's whoa look what came with the room
mommy tired I love when the room comes
with the baby tard built-in right on the
top shelf
do we got a good deal on this room so
today we're going to mommy tarts
families I know that's what I'm saying
I'm certain in the morning where are we
headed today okay hey you know camping
is not conducive to Internet
I love how you use the word conducive I
love saying conducive as well I'm
conducive to you baby
so it just happened we were gonna put
the famous video yesterday but I got put
off cuz you two was kind of moved up so
then the famous music videos went up
today so I had a shaycarl video to
upload and the Shaytards video at upload
because you guys probably noticed this
you know at the station you know and
youtubers in general they have this like
strategy to help push traffic to
different videos like you know different
projects you've worked on that you want
people to see so you know you have a
kind of a strategy so today was like a
big day I call it a big upload day what
yeah today is like a big um you know
upload video day cuz you know I do
upload both those and I wanted to see
the flash mob and blah blah blah so
we're driving to go to the campaign and
I'm trying to upload the things on my
air card on my honey this is not working
I gotta get these videos up I want to
read the comments about the videos I got
I got to tweet it and stuff this is
almost starting to stop with that this
is our jobs we have to do so we are 20
minutes from the camping area we are two
hours away from our house and I said we
gotta get hotel room we need Wireless I
cannot survive without my connection to
the Beast that is the interwebs centaur
and princess tartare at the campground
right now floating down the river and
there with manga tarts family and we're
here doing the uploading and then we're
gonna go to the campground we're gonna
probably some fishing I do I want
fishing before the end of the day and
then we're gonna come back here and stay
tonight and we're just bad campers we're
setting slickers to the tee it's hard
like honestly because of like uploading
videos it's like we can't go camping
maybe I should just have you guys give
us like four days off or something so we
could do real camping because you know I
can't upload videos if we're up there
anyway so that's the story of why we are
in a hotel room why is the egg tart on
the top shelf well duh cuz her dad's J
Carla that's why she's on the top shelf
ahead camera seven run down the hall and
scream screaming hi camera hey babes our
trader here's the elevator come on one
give it all you've got your number
Bagheera whoa whoa you're halfway there
you know my prey why did I start singing
that song I to me that was like a slow
montage movie where it's like you're
running whoa yeah that close yeah
we're not going up weird yes or just
plain beautiful
see the
my favorite flower seeds of all time my
favorite favorite
I wish they'd send me a box of these
spits smoky barbecue
I'm like I feel like now that
I just know I'm going to vlog serious so
everything needs to be a quiet that's
like I am something to say quiet down
I'm flocking here maybe like now though
the internet and stuff was growing for
us like everything everything we say we
like something to learn I think it's now
you know the mean yeah like you know
like oh I love this doing all but ready
to say that nothing
I love these I'm eating them right now
they're paying me nothing but I wouldn't
complain if they did Knowles on November
PS that music we're just listening to
was by Kelly Moore music she is paying
us notice cream
that's mommy turn sister she pays us in
love she pays us in being our family
before music and wonderful music go
check her out
yes No right my sister-in-law my
sister-in-law our sister Callie more
music I'll put a link in my pants
stay tuned and all the beautiful summer
evening
here we are
and I would say arguably one of the most
beautiful places in the world by proof
of the Grand Tetons in the background
you can't see because a camera has
horrible zoom that's the Grand Teton
Mountains have you never heard of them
they're ginormous rock granite amazing
things called that was anyway so we're
just driving out to this camping spot
and just looking at these builds these
are Weaver grain fields and there's this
guy by time of my age I mean he look
very old maybe mid 30s mid to late 40s
I said mid to late forties it anyways
this matter she was 38 his name was Greg
he was on the side of the road he had
this old beat-up quarry well er honey is
and just an old ratty t-shirt and cap in
a baseball hat out there fixing the
sprinkler alright here it is in the
summer on a Friday night this guy's out
I know it's such a different culture
such a different world out here what all
the people that I know what are they
doing on a Friday night I think there's
anybody out thinks and sprinklers on a
Friday night you know and not like not
like the sprinkler to water your grass
the water pipes you know the nurture
your crops is the fan of sprinkler I'm
talking about these big pipes you know
what are you doing on your shred in it
it's cool I love I love yeah it is
deciding to like way different yeah we
wouldn't we wouldn't see any dudes
change in the sprinklers on Friday night
it is I like and I like both but it's
not like I like one better than the
other it's it's great having both that's
why I love and I really do there's like
certain things from each site I really
love I love watching the sunset with the
crazy of the crazies on Venice Beach
beautiful sunset with Malibu in the back
and it's crazy and then here you know
it's everybody knows everybody I don't
know it's a cool it's a cool mix I think
some people are probably extreme one way
or the other
wouldn't you people like how could you
like that like that stuff in LA like how
could you live in a place like that like
this is you know out in the country
that's where it has look how beautiful
it is it's not a bunch of douche bags
everywhere with stupid cars and you know
stupid obnoxious motorcycles and BMWs
and Lexus chumpy yeah we change it to
chunky mommy wants me to stop using the
DP word
chumps you know and some people like no
wait why would I want to live out here
in the boondocks the sticks want to be
out where it's happening where the
lights are but I really do I eat I
sincerely and genuinely enjoy both just
from living in both because I would say
I'm definitely kind of more of a city
slicker who loves the country it loves
being out and shooting guns and fishing
and being able to do whatever the heck I
want riding my motorcycle up in the
mountains you know go on a giant
waterslide on up you know a public park
table and have like a permit eight cops
showing up anyways how are you
are you City are you country or do you
like both gonna help me you'd hope daddy
okay we're here once again at warm River
he has number the place that I caught
the elk leg same spot
gorgeous gorgeous River green trees
check it out okay baby turn here you
film ek Dave Tory's gonna try to film me
nope flip it around so you have to see
me do it put your fingers down okay hold
it grab it grab it
can you see through the screen you see
daddy you see me
she's like looking at the river she's
just holding the camera can you see me
you wanna do it oh don't fall in the
river so here we are if she fell in the
river
I probably call search-and-rescue or
maybe I'd call Ashton Kutcher do you
ever see him in that movie on the coast
guard mm-hmm I prayed I'd probably out
reply them on Twitter let's say hey at a
plus K maybe care just falling over
please help just jump in and get her
that seems way to me no it's like no
it's like Mike shallows real shower yeah
she's over I just caught it on the tree
look at the end of my rod up here up
here skip there we're stuck on the other
side of the river I cast it way to good
way too far and it's equal it's way too
bad
dang it I only got like ten Caston you
guys see that tree over there I cast it
across forever see look that branches
waving to you her goers I just came
alive because you caught me with the
lure no one waving at you huh hey mommy
talk will you go up the river and get it
feet are gonna fall in the river I know
she's like keeps almost getting in there
here's one thing that you will always
find at mommy tarts family's camp is
music namely instruments
I'm Sam every time you got your family
goes camping there's always instruments
to be played around the fire instead of
telling dirty jokes on the fire like my
family you guys sing together and play
music they play the drum while you're
Dave's not here you'll see this footage
later and be angry at me you got a mosh
pit going on Kelly
so I can hear you
you know
where do you chicks are hot yeah
