hey guys shaycarl here I was gonna put
up a video today but then the computer
diet cuz it overheated and then I was
compressing the video and then we went
out to eat and then when we came back
the computer died it did it died and
then so then so to start over to
recompress it's gonna take another 4
hours and it's already 9 o'clock at
night and my wife is gorgeous so today
this is gonna be the video and I'm gonna
compress the video that died what the oh
the died while we're out to dinner and
then we'll upload it first thing
tomorrow ok
thanks for subscribing and watching our
videos and we hope and I did not vote
for Osama bin Laden he's saying I don't
know I know we're all sama bin Laden's
hiding in the mountains of Tel Aviv and
he owes me five dollars
okay thank you for all of your patience
and understanding in this matter our
regular schedule tomorrow morning thank
you
