follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
you're drilling sometimes when rock
guard gets fussy I am holding like this
I might go like this back and forth and
he likes it I think it's a good I don't
know why but he like totally likes it
yeah he'll hopes the stomach pretty
certainly get fuzzy so it means it's
time to bring them up to mommy time what
do we got going on here are those some
ab crunches if there's your motivation
here's your motivation yeah are these
baby tard crunches rock-hard crunches
there you go oh man I gotta go get some
Chinese food all that working out it
looks awful you're very generous though
how come you're such a nice little boy
huh you're so polite and nice okay
that's a dollar that takes four quarters
you're gonna get one of these
chromosomes you're such a G - you're a
polite little G he's the most polite
g-funk in the nation home skillets load
all four of them in there at one time
yeah yeah I fell for it once hey Ellen
let's see well no no you got four in
there dude there's four in there already
twisted I think she gave us five
quarters love to take that one back
twist it harder what is it it's the
choice to me
me and some tartar are in a little
predicament because we just gave blady a
dollar and she gave us five quarters so
what are we gonna do with that fifth
quarter all right here put that on and
we'll give it back to her cuz that's the
honest thing to
the honest thing to do your heads too
big it bad it won't go over and that's
it what is that it's like all the card
things over diamonds spades hearts oh
you're so trippin straight trippin doc
okay come on let's go be a book of that
quarter back to her say hey go up to her
and say you accidentally gave us five
quarters and give it to her okay
no wink at her okay okay come on stop
yeah do it okay just give it to her oh
you missed your chance you sittin those
people I'll be right back I mean catters
you're safe like this watch watch more
excuse me you accidentally gave me an
extra quarter yeah okay do it so he gets
money I'm gonna do it she'll be
embarrassed her you'll be embarrassed
get ready okay are you nervous
good look why did we give her the
quarterback it wasn't dark order no
mercy yeah we gave her a dollar and she
gave us four quarters it's called the
golden rule do you know what that is
do unto others as you would have them do
unto you
right apparently at vidcon Charles
Trippy lost his camera and somebody
turned it in and also I was reading on
Lindsey's you know Phil sets the Phil's
girlfriend Lindsey Braves grill five she
lost her wallet they had her phone in it
her iPhone
and apparently she left it in the
bathroom but somebody stole that they
just took it pisses me off because
you're gonna lose something if you steal
something like that it's even if like
you find something on the ground you're
like don't take it because you're gonna
lose something someday you're gonna be
so pissed that somebody took it you just
wait karma will come around right dude
the golden rule repeat it back to me
say do unto others as you would have
them do unto you
right cuz it's like if you lost a
quarter you'd want somebody give it back
to you wouldn't you you'd be like just
wait think you met quarterback huh
I'm top dog no it's a frickin egg rolls
what are you doing oh is that you
threatening me he's threatening me Oh
oh you got me
hey ready Guinea bounce dolphin dolphin
dolphin dolphin come here I can't see
your eyes because you have this hat
watch hold still I'm sure you this is an
icy eating party this is where the gang
gets together and talks about the people
they're gonna rob while they eat their
Isis this is the icy gang they eat ices
and talk about their deception and
devious ways they're planning they're
planning their their great match mind
he's gonna jump in the pool no really
nice he's been talking about how we're
gonna stab people you have clothes on we
have enough skateboards you guys one two
three four we don't even ever ride them
and there's four skateboards sitting
back here one for each of ya so you guys
know how I got mommy tired her own
laptop for her birthday
well so here we are we have some dinner
here looks like some noodles of some
sort an arrangement of vegetables slash
I eat chicken looks like some asparagus
in there it won't be any of that that's
for sure
other cooking items and utensils and in
the midst of all these things hello you
can see me huh it's a reflection it's
like a mirror but it's not see what she
was looking at last oh she's on YouTube
what's this what's this tube you what's
this tube you you shoot my wife's
looking at inception oh they'll see that
I called the movie theater but it
doesn't come out tomorrow till tomorrow
in our zone so we might go see grown-ups
tonight with just the grown-ups and get
a babysitter for the kids good I wanna
go technically in doggy years I have
grown up I may be only seven in human
years but that's like seven times
how do you do doc yours is it seven
years for every regular year
what's seven times seven I was never
good at multiplication guys want me to
tell you a secret this is sad this is a
sad secret when I was in third grade I
we lived in Utah we moved from Phoenix
Arizona I'm vlogging through this
through this gay is that funny I can see
you when I was in third grade we moved
from Utah no we moved from Arizona to
Utah and I had this teacher who was nice
but not necessarily the best teacher
because what she would do is every day
we'd have work you know we'd have
homework or whatever and she'd talked to
us for the first half of the day and in
the second half of the day she would say
okay these are your assignments get him
done when you're done hand him into the
box and whoever was done first with
their assignment cuz this is a small
town there's like a thousand people in
this town they got to go across the
street she let the kids third grade kids
go across the street and buy penny candy
at the store across the street not even
joking you guys and I remember just
moving in there and I was like oh we
hello buy candy and I remember looking
at the inbox and guess what this inbox
was like a foot tall of all papers and
my little deductive reasoning you know
third grade brain said she is not
checking these she is not I can tell
look at the pile the inbox was
overflowing I was like there's no way
she's checking these so almost every day
and guess who was the first one and I
don't make a bad joke
but it was you yeah you chubby little
candy grubber uh-huh but yeah no I mean
I didn't even cheat I just didn't do the
work like I would pretend like we'd get
the worksheet and I just fill things in
I just fill them in I take my my papers
up there and be like okay I'm finished
and she I know she'd always give us um
this is like the first three people or
something so we'd always get to go get
candy but see in retrospect I think of
myself see that was kind of dumb but I
was genius because I knew how to get the
candy that's see that's not book-smart
so that's street smarts like if I was on
the street and I needed to get crack if
I was a crack addict I would find a way
to get crack maybe I wouldn't get a job
that's a bad analogy so in so doing that
this teacher to crack honey every
analogy can be brought back to a crack
addiction don't you know
anyways so in doing so my little candy
escapades I never learned multiplication
it was like right then I was like I
think it was multiplication we started
to learn you know the basics of
multiplication and I never I never
learned it because I was getting candy
so that in fourth grade I couldn't
really do long division because I didn't
know multiplication and the problem
compounded and then I had a math teacher
in in junior high who had one arm and
how can he learn from a math teacher
that only has one arm I don't know but
he had one arm and on the other arm he
had a hook and one day he was writing on
the board and his hook fell off and hit
the ground and ever in the class was
like did you have a good arm math
teacher teacher a science teacher oh you
know what that means we are men together
we had one-armed teachers so it's you
mrs. blank I'm not gonna say your name
and your little your little your little
exploitation of candy to third graders
that I didn't learn multiplications so
kids don't do crack is the moral of this
story
ok so we're headed to the movies I
wanted to go see inception but it's not
out tomorrow
who you are little Robin Hood Oh heard
it was long we're gonna go see grown ups
with Adam Sandler Kevin James my homeboy
Kevin James fat bearded man for the win
and we're taking our oldest daughter to
the movie with us
good girl did you bring your sippy cup
nope got my clutch in my phone dad your
clutch that's such a weird name for a
purse it's me so romantic with my sister
here the yellow memo
oh yeah we're both wearing yellow for so
in love someday you'll know love like we
know Carly style yeah your hair is like
straw is that the straw colors ever
you're going for excited what are we
gonna get treats or just eat the fresh
apple slices that we prepared previous
to the movie viewing experience oh you
didn't bring him never get Koken popcorn
then oh you make me so mad woman where's
my celery
oh snap a dilly ding-dong is that a
mixed bag of licorice including the reds
and blacks of all colors in assortments
before but what's the biggest thing
you've ever snuck into a theater I snuck
in a whopper and fries before Casa della
why are you mean the wrapping was I'm
like why your your Casa della with Burt
if it was noisy one time when I was a
kid
true story my parents not get a bunch of
stuff pop can't like pop so
what do you say Bob persona leaving the
government's below anyways I was a kid
and I got done drinking it I don't know
what I was thinking because this happens
to with our kids I'm like are you
thinking
I finished the the pot and I just threw
it on the ground and so it's like Clank
Clank Clank roll down the aisle because
we're like in the middle and I like roll
down and for some reason it didn't hit
anybody's feet didn't hit anything it
literally rolled down the entire thing
and then there's a dude and I can usher
with a flashlight come out and he was
like looking to see and my mom was like
I was done stupid kids it was and
littering barely wants to play this game
what's a call I think yeah I just seem
loves this game bring it on
yeah a challenge I just steam challenge
I just into soccer is that right I think
I first seen a video where I just seen
loves the skin what do you do is like oh
I see I see I see you have to get all to
the top line up one oh that's hard
what are you in minor prize
oh that's the top one
