hey guys I'm sudden and Sardu not sure
but the batter Duloc are we
it's nice to meet who yes guys guys okay
guys watch this okay so much guys happy
st. Patrick's Day one of your tricks
yeah sure one of your tricks no go
Dustin connection was he what did you go
tricks kid we see Lucia from flip okay
we'll see you do a front flip
oh no blue can see chickadee hug it okay
jump no do a front flip another one
somewhat the camera okay yes Oh Jackson
yeah yeah good guys nice to meet you hi
Jackson we couldn't drop no don't go
from there it's too scary
hey guys what's this is this recording
yes we just finished filming the moms
view I loved our topics today I'm not
gonna tell you guys what they were I
loved our dogs we had good and good
practice you know what's engaging is
when you can't stopped our family off
manastorm good stuff today now I'm gonna
go figure out what a moment for dinner
travel in New York City how to get
around taxi cab uber I'm about to show
you one of
the most efficient and funnest ways to
get around do ya'll guys guys
we're in the big what Big Big Apple any
Big Apple shirt cuz I got one here fruit
jokes all right you got to buy your
ticket to ride get your tickets raha
ride a bike ticket right cuz you don't
good it's not an endorsement city bike
these are so cool you can ride a bike
and it's usually a lot quicker crabapple
my teeth I'm an apple my to you ok I
have to go to a meeting and I got to get
there fast let's get our bike ok you got
a punch in your three-digit code we're
bike number 23 and our three-digit code
is Oh everybody that I go down now
I thought yo-yo will let me go and now
well look the paint on the ground and
that'll burn our mana now okay you guys
talking about some of you from the 90s
right Brad oil program directors
favorite man come on 3/11 oh I got to
put the whole coat in okay two three
three one one did it okay okay oh my
bike I thought you just had to put the
three-digit code but you got to put the
whole five digits okay here we go
all right guys there's the Apple Store
who remembers the vlog right within that
Apple store to get a core I was like a
year ago
that's what one year ago because I was
here with Cory by Dell one year ago
signing this deal with Morgan Spurlock
it's crazy
happens in cycles life all right
I'm home and I'd like my st. Patrick's
Day shirt I love this the st. Patrick's
Day let me see your outfit Brock that is
the best we don't need to see I believe
you
Hulk is he green yes that's spider-man
but was this not Hulk smash he has green
huh yeah he's grand ladies man are you
both ladies man is that what you want to
do when you grow up Brock yeah you're
gonna be like pewdiepie and it's like no
I don't wanna play video games I want to
really have a jetpack and shoot guns out
of it I believe you will
uh-oh too much shooting guns and kicking
and trotty's hey you're fine dachshunds
here is getting a little out of control
you guys what do you think about it let
me see your hair I see your hair do you
like your hair yeah yeah I really like
his hair long but I also feel like it's
getting to that point where like maybe
we should cut it but it's so cute but I
feel like he keeps he's gonna be this
little one time so I don't really want
to cut his hair I don't know what do you
guys think should I cut the hair should
we not cut the hair I'm gonna say no for
now but anyways Wow
what are we getting ready to do a telnet
me see that okay we're getting ready to
make another chance yeah we love banana
chips I really like the Apple yeah uncle
chips no no chips are the best they're
kind of like if you dry them just long
enough so
krispy they're chewy they're kind of
like really awesome we show you guys to
try your class what what is the hold on
hold on
what's your drama yeah tell me you want
to open the banana okay why don't you
ask with your words say mommy please
open this banana no say can I please
have this banana said please poop say
can I please have spoon Anna see okay
guys we have a huge giant box of bananas
that we bought we're gonna try to enjoy
most of them probably a few bucks got a
system down where he slices him and then
he puts him on the knife and then he
slides them gently on the tray or smart
mocks them or he smokes them on the tray
you'll know smoking we're just bananas
smoking no knots question then we can't
dry them well I guess we could but these
ones they kind of got a lot of smushed I
don't really want to try it this is
gonna be so good I can't wait to eat
these and the weather's finally good
enough to jump on the trampoline yay
I can feel like I as spring is coming
it's a little bittersweet yes spring is
coming which means skiing will be over
but things are going to get green real
soon that makes me excited I'm excited
to grow a garden this year I actually
have not ever had a real garden we've
moved around so much that I've never
really taken the time to have a garden I
did I have grown like a few tomatoes and
cucumbers at one of our houses but other
than that I've not had a full-on garden
when I'm
excited this year because we want to
start eating fresh fruits and vegetables
that I grew that we grow as a family one
of my most favorite things to eat in the
summertime is lemon cucumbers freshly
grown Oh Shea's mom grows the best lemon
cucumbers and fresh tomatoes so they're
my favorite things so excited speaking
of fresh fruits and vegetables we are
having broccoli knees tonight with
quinoa and kale and the meatballs with a
big salad I'm trying to cook a lot
healthier after we got back from the
White House from meeting with Michelle
and her talking about her let's move
campaign and you know just the the push
for America to get healthier and for our
kids to get out there for us to teach
our kids how to eat right I was like oh
my gosh I know how to do this but like I
sometimes will start will get on a good
healthy eating habits and then will fall
off again we just get busy we start
eating out more and everything so I was
just reminded and inspired to keep up
with it like let's see help you will
feel better well I feel way better I've
been cutting out sugar for the past two
days I know it's only been two days but
I already feel better I don't have those
like spikes in my mood or in my blood
sugar feeling good eating right living
and I'm excited to mix more juice
tomorrow we haven't made juice for all
the weeks we've been gone so I'm excited
for juice time yes we'll probably make
orange juice and we love orange juice oh
and the bananas I forgot to show you
guys they're in the dryer right now
they're drying they probably still have
at least five more hours left that is
going to be awesome and then we're gonna
make more bananas so they have a lot of
any others
alright family this is a very important
time in your life so you know why yeah
because we're family we're eating a lot
of green today healthy green yeah yeah
these are our little shamrocks for
eating and I think dad's texting me
anyways we're having dinner and I think
this is one of the most precious times
of the day don't you guys think we
haven't been able to sit down together
as a family and eat dinner for a while
and I want to hear how your lives are
going on what well we're not technically
a full family at the moment but we could
FaceTime him and then he'd be here for a
little bit I miss you
maybe it's getting worse has been hurt
but he will be home soon what hey Daxton
how was your day today you having a good
day yeah what's your favorite part of
your day dinosaurs story Oh see you
speak his language but Jackson don't
take his food we have more can you show
me can you show me how to do this
it's a puddle of niceness yucky but
thanks yeah yeah yeah me dachshund can
you show me this show me how to do it my
good you can do it you can do it you
remember you were showing me earlier
that you could do it Elsa and spider-man
and two green leprechauns
Avia yes Emmy I mean Elsa excuse me
you're the scientist with salt in it and
they put an egg in one in it dips low
they put a bit Asian the salt water one
and it's loaded whoa there's something
there and then the salt makes it flow
okay you think about it I'm gonna eat
nom nom you open the brach just out of
his favorite part what was your favorite
part
oh that was fun you did a great job
Yeah right there in the dryer yep they
are drying they're gonna be so delicious
yeah
happy st. Patrick's Day
shame
