just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
hey Roz hard what are you doing he
looked so cute
lookin over here at la classe for
princess hard and baby tart so let's see
what they're doing they were so excited
this morning they were a little bit
bummed because we couldn't find their
ballet outfits we were rushing all over
the house couldn't find them so we just
wore whatever else we had but let's go
see what they're doing
makes me miss can't that's true we are
here at the fool Christmas card and Sun
chart hold on my zoomed in on my face
yeah just a little bit princess heart
and sent heart are waiting in line for
the slide so we're gonna go see where
they're at in line to see how long we
have to wait to see them from downloads
side
I kinda want to do it too though I think
I'm gonna go by a side path I was being
kind of like an old lady and I'm like no
I'm not going to go so I passed but now
like I'm pregnant I'm going on the slide
right so we might do that later okay see
ya
without fun now are you going to do it
again you did I'm so impressed I missed
your first time that must have been a
short line for rain for sunshine I think
it's coming did you do any cool tricks
inside the tube no no what awesome all
right let's do it again
okay so here we are we're at the swing
park where we go on Sun tarde to the
Tower of Doom don't don't
excited sounds slide there's the loser
uber I mean I'm on the lazy river too
you guys you ready to go down Hydra tube
I've done this once before actually for
all that all the hardcore shaycarl yeah
I remember
but I took my camera down the Hydra tube
once before hilarious and I was like I
remembered like the concept to the video
house like okay I'm just like it's no
big deal
I was just talking so I think it was
like my hundred shaycarl video man
there's some dripping water I had to be
careful I don't have a waterproof case
but is my hundreds shaycarl videos like
hey guys it's going down the waterslide
like hey guys and I really thank you
making a hundred videos thanks for
watching my videos I didn't say anything
about the waterslide but this time I'm
sorry we're not the water's fine
so why is there an owl on the waterslide
owls loved water slides or is he trying
to scare away other birds are you acting
like an owl oh okay here we are at top
of the waterslide tower and you a
birthday I want to film you going down
okay and I want to hear you scream
alright I wanna hear you scream it
louder than any kid who's ever gone down
a Hydra tube waterslide you agree to
those terms and conditions Scout
handshake on it
left handshake that's a scout handshake
a scout is trustworthy loyal helpful
friendly courteous kind obedient
cheerful thrifty brave clean and
reverent I want you to know that but -
by the time you get to the bottom of the
slide got it okay here we go
oh the button will will scratch the
thing
she's gonna take a picture of me Kang
there should be another one other thing
for you cats file
Portuguese I'm stopping
oh crap
got a little wet the camera turned off
but now it's on
hopefully it's not broken what we don't
dry the camera on first okay
our kids are the coolest kids at the
full check it okay so the new Katy Perry
song
what's a called California girls
California's goals are unforgettable
and princes start even said dad can I go
in the bathroom because that's where the
speakers are so Jack and I go in the
bathroom because I love to dance with
this song and then they all started
busting out even rock card is dancing
under the neck dress rocked art is dance
and see his foot focus foot out there
let's see his dancing foot look at rock
star dick in it he's kicking it under
the neck dress whoo sons are busting it
up busting it up for the pool oh it's
great great time here I love this summer
summer so fun I'm vlogging
okay guys listen up this is a no smile
situation I will push you on this iron
swing as long as you agree not smile no
smiling
ready
okay okay
Jamie Curtis chief of cetera she said
only three at a time
is this team shaycarl hey we're playing
basketball me in the dirt against five
ten-year-old
