follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
this video will be of rock hard Lane
here for the next seven minutes and 23
seconds but a doctor but I do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do you think I'm joking but that's
not a joke but that's da da da da
do-do-do-do-do seriously I have no
footage for today bye da da da
do-do-do-do-do da da dah Dee deep Dee
Dee Dee I haven't seen another computer
all day editing and looking at vidcon
footage and I have not filmed one thing
but a Dada da da da doo bee doo doo doo
doo doo please not mad at me I'm very
scared so I'm showing this very cute
baby see you will not be angry at me
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo la da da dee
da da da da it's uh-oh it's one of them
days yeah then a fog goes through when
he doesn't feel like feeling man so he
doesn't wanna fit him you and he doesn't
it don't take it personal you're just
not that cute today so that's why I did
not film you okay okay turn the camera
on shows what this thing smells like
back for those live outdoors it's not my
farm
or anything they're not balls and then I
said well I love barbecue sauce or
whatever it says okay the kids on the
jet stream
Buffalo no no crazy Buffalo so John
waiting what did you tell that to do she
said son time lines are true I was
watching video footage of all became a
bit cottage cheese jumping with these
dudes with swords back and forth it's
crazy
I don't know she can do sorts you're so
tal talented
okay now and what he excuse me a group
captain rudeness face I'm trying to vlog
here
oh no I just changed her name to captain
rude face tart
I thought she's gonna slap me in the
face stop to the upper-right cheekbone
you didn't Kimbo Slice over here did you
excuse me ma'am did you just try to bite
me sir
sir you are witnessing this abuse and it
you do nothing Wow brutally punished
right now spin right now that means
action okay uh excuse me mr. cameraman
would you go ahead and like to introduce
yourself to the audience what do you say
you guys say who you are hi I am
sometime so what's up people
what's up people they were just sitting
there chill out first in here chilling
out hey you done okay look back over
there here's the real vlogging talent
this is like vlogging lessons 101 with
the children
okay so interesting thing princes heart
is totally annoying me anyways she climb
on my shoulders and started doing this
and I'm like trying to upload the video
I'm like princess are we doing stop and
then I was like oh that kind of feels
good it's like a good massage
so I'm sitting here getting a nice foot
rock arms okay alright son time to sign
us out say we gotta go we gotta go fine
wait yeah it wasn't you didn't you're
the framing was bad flip it around one
more time flip around a little bit more
right there okay and take two action
yeah you sure
okay so princess hard this is so funny
she's just watching I'm no I'm just like
manases hope so you just see her I'm
like she's watching the Disney Channel
it's like some new cheer or like
princess girl and just like looks so
glamorous and the girl gets a new car
and you know everybody likes her and and
it's like this it's like you know it's
like that be right and she's sitting
there going like you know I'm saying I
could just see it in her face like she's
just like enthralled in this and I'm
like I like this like influence you know
it's right after that it's so funny and
she goes dad can I make my own video
that's just mine
you're a monster
alright go ahead go make go make go make
a million dollars alright I'll make a
video it's me princess car
and this is my video and then it to me
princess heart and and I have a camera
in my hand so have a video that's mine
and this is my video that I'm filming
right now and it's my video and dad lets
me make a video to make my own video and
dad said I can make my own video
hahahaha and this is Carly and Cooper I
party and we're giving them some beyond
me it's me yeah dad let me make a video
that's my cake over here
oh my Hubert side hi so this is mine and
that's me purchase hard
excuse me watch out watch out
so sorry and I'm vicious hard then I got
the camera and that's mine and my daddy
is really complainant is like a rose you
know he's like sometimes he's like an
American but and I'm Princess hard just
I know my dad is funny huh so you seen
our videos on YouTube and on YouTube you
seen our videos and dad let me make a
video that's mine and I'm pretty star
and I and I'm having Furman my dad hey
come here
are you guys making your video yet no I
think I think just for editing sake I
think we have way too much footage now
we might have to cut some of that out I
don't know I have no idea what happened
with that camera because it who knows
what you did up there so I need just
because I don't want to be editing all
this all night
stuff camera back now I want a stalemate
with you coming soon
princess hard TV princess tard TV -
princess hard vlogs princess hard makeup
tutorials and last but not least
princess tart MMA fighting calm
do you think lets you undo that so what
you want to do show us some moves right
now did it did it didn't did it oh yeah
jump in the air and twist in the air and
then do the splits you don't want to
know I was good dude that was good son
tard you want to get in dance lessons
you wanna do that would that be weird if
you if a boy was in dance lessons it
would be aren't you would you like to do
it you would all right see you play
football and then you go to dance okay
that sound good right of course
silly of course not ballet unless you
want to son cuz I'll support you in
anything except ballet
