sit back relax belong to the thing chase
head to the thing shape - with his cool
family and just go he put his
for you
he's walking
okay we are going to the store because
we got this awesome double I've never
heard of this but it's a double slip
inside from our friends from VidCon
Charlotte and her friend the ones that
made that school anyway you guys haven't
seen it yet so I'll show you later but
they got us a double slip inside and so
we're going to get a hose to hook up to
this up inside so we can play you like
her outfit yeah that's actually like
Carly a nice dress she like put the
sleeves over her neck very fashionable
she's ingenuitive fashionably
fashionably ingenuitive princess don't
you to help me pump the gas today so we
got the gas pump
yes no gas is dangerous right so you
have to be careful not to touch the
actual gas yeah so I'm going to show you
how to do it safely fun okay here we go
see that lever need to pull it up can
you do that
nah Oh first lesson in in getting gas is
closed this sliding door before you pull
the gas pump
dang it the whole time we've had this
found this is the only the second time
that I've done this and it just happened
to be on camera
dang it now I have to close it rule
number one when pumping gas with a
sliding door in your van is shut the
door before you open the gas tank
because now the door won't shut because
the gas tank is open so now I have to
find something that I can put in there
to close it maybe there's a better way
to do this and maybe some of you're out
there laughing at me because there's
like just some button I have to push to
fix this problem but I don't know so I'm
gonna do it the hard way I good at doing
that ha baby hearts she's very concerned
she's like why me down right monitor
what watch this
that's what I need to do to myself right
now huh yeah okay guys we fixed it
luckily I have skinny enough fingers I
could reach up there and I just really
tried it I pressed it
let's make sure the door is shut before
we do this again okay now before the
lever now we don't tell we can do it so
check it you are such a good little gas
pumper okay we came for a garden hose
but we're walking out with something
else too I know it's not a five hundred
dollar full-sized pool but it will work
right yeah yeah I'll go for you carry it
okay we don't really have a way to carry
it because our cart is only so big and
there's only one adult so we're just
gonna do my best right I'm gonna put it
in the bag do you think we should try to
fit it in one of those plastic bags yeah
we can it is
Oh what are we gonna get it open I'm not
with you can you plug it's a car for you
you can oh well let's hope so because we
didn't think about that before we don't
have dad's truck we just have the van so
it should be interesting but we're gonna
make it fit because we have to have the
pool we can pick on that topic on the
top and you're gonna stand on the top
and hold it as we drive home all right
you heard it from her we did it we got
our pool and I'm vlogging and driving
soffits I'm in a hurry because daddy
just called and rock and roll yo tard is
not happy he's ready for mommy and
apparently he doesn't want the bottle so
I gotta get home right away but how are
you guys doing back there there's two
children back there and they're buckled
up with the pool okay
seen a minute a butterfly or do you see
he's scared it won't hurt you they're
nice he's ready excited huh some big
things going on right now it's Shh our
house
he's like my shirt I got a bit a youtube
shirt at video conference okay we have
tool of destruction that we couldn't get
before because there's no water back
here so we finally got a swimming pool
different than I had intended but it
will do and then here it is the slip and
slide for the ages
brothers and sisters boys and girls
ladies and gentlemen this little slide
here will change your life forever be
sure to tune in to watch us as we enjoy
it forever and ever
dude it's more pumped than anybody is
okay so we hook up this hose or I get
this party started
right there's runway you are clear for
takeoff f-16 centaur hey Princess
Charlotte see it there good Brenda's
darn cute
and next up there's in here if it's on
the slide there we go else and dad with
the orange device and here comes givers
Latin in singing okay Carly style let's
see it you're next
Oh double slide got a double slide going
here
that was a run-through mom eat are you
ready are you gonna do it you do all
right let's see it
all right we have the violin but she
cook for us she's a she's a fighter
pilot from World War World War two
there's you go good job dude do it again
you'll get better yeah that's a good
slide maybe try let's see it get your
glasses
there she goes you need a little more
momentum baby TARDIS I feel like she
can't even see with those things on
alright go she's just like dripping and
falling in the water it's hilarious Oh
mommy tard what beautiful children you
have we're headed to a barbecue where uh
apparently there is a massive waterslide
that they've set up and the kids are
gonna love it and son tard will probably
want to do it all night long anyways I
was just watching some of the videos
from VidCon from everybody up on stage
one of you didn't go or probably like
I'm so sick of hearing about VidCon this
video conference stop talking about the
video conference I do not even care
about your stupid video conference
always what to hear it anymore but man
it was exciting it was cooler than
expected and awesome wow it was a vid
conference theme song shake Carl's
switcheroo couple things on to talk
about I was just watching was watching
the Phills online thing cuz when he went
up on stage I was what are we doing
chillin on stage I feel so bad we missed
it was so hard I thought we missed so
much I thought we did so much but we
missed so much I feel so bad I wasn't in
the room when Charles did his or filled
it his I've watched him both online but
I wasn't there because either the baby
needed to be fed or we were you know
talking to people and shaking hands and
signing autographs and stuff but one
thing I was watching with Dave days was
talking to John Green on the stage and
and I was also talking to John Green if
you guys don't know who the heck is I
want to say a million things a lot I
want to say me I think um one time and I
can't get them all out the green
brothers Hank and John Green the
vlogbrothers nerdfighters dftba come on
there's plenty of branding options that
you should know these people they're the
two brothers who um put this conference
on and there's gonna be one next year
and I was thinking today I was like if
you put a VidCon part to do two tickets
up for sale right now I bet you they
sell like out like crazy and that was
the greatest thing about it I was
talking to John Wayne it's like this is
our conference like we can do whatever
we want because it's our conference and
literally that's what I love about the
green brothers and why they're perfect
for putting this conference on is
because they they know what is cool they
know what is awesome they know what
people want people want to do what they
want to do and then of course they have
like a little you know guideline I am
I'm driving up a dead-end street here
hey guys I was talking to John Green I'm
like this is so cool because we have the
power to control it however we want
there's no you know there's there were
sponsors there but they didn't have any
saying what happened at the video
conference and so I'm like they're
saying it was such a success they're
already planning it for next year I hope
you guys all can come and it's just
gonna get bigger and bigger one thing
like I was saying Dave days was talking
to John Green about just um the future
and where the future was going and how
he Oh Dave days he's met Miley Cyrus and
he has all these songs out and all these
record companies are coming at him he's
doing all this this new music and stuff
and and dave said that he's gonna always
put his stuff on YouTube
and I just think it's so cool and one
thing Dave said that like really I was
like so true he said that we're all in
this together like if one of us succeeds
all of us succeed literally because you
know we're just a small group of people
you know you can be a thousand people a
thousand youtubers who make consistent
content online and that's the video
programming on YouTube
and it's it's huge and it's just gonna
get bigger and bigger and it could be
considered small right now I have no
idea where the heck we're going I am
vlogging and we're trying to find this
part anyways we're trying to say is AG
excited video conference was such a
boost and a pump and I'm pumped up and
this whole new world you guys in a
couple years from now this online media
you know I'm not saying like it's gonna
kill TV or whatever but it's definitely
the new wave of the future of
entertainment of news of you know gossip
whatever information is readily
available in it and it's been that way
for a few years now but I just think
it's gonna blow up exponentially and
it's just going to get through the roof
so here's to that and to watermelon and
cherries you know I think in the next
few years
watermelon and cherries are gonna get
really popular I agree with you I'm
gonna make watermelon and cherries calm
tart / tart
I know where are we going I have no idea
we're lost we're trying to find this
park and I need to put down the vlogging
device and and drive okay so Mike you
guys ready for this
check this slide out here we go Prince
the star to the center about to go down
oh no up the slide there she go that's
the muddy spot here jump in the middle
right there with center jumping a little
ready you ready go go oh there's the
drop off Oh taken out by the linebacker
you're right oh gee that looks fun
she's running to Grandma oh oh she goes
no she's happy that's good
this totally reminds me of Charles
Trippy and when ally and Charles
remember when they did that giant one
with the clear plastic oh there he goes
this is sweet yeah I was uh well I saw
this was first thing I thought of as
Charles and Ally did you see that video
honey with Charles and Ally I can't tell
this is bigger than theirs there's huge
they were flying down this hill they did
that we should do that for you too you
should have like a Woodstock a whole um
hillside of plastic and youtubers and
livestream it shaycarl
sends the mountain downs black - yeah
this is also can make it slippery he's
going ready Freddy
Oh into the water off the end yeah you
ready yeah you nervous
well I want to get down there actually
and see you go down I'm gonna go down on
your butter on one of those mommy cards
so nervous
no mostly she's just afraid of being
cold I was that I know it's a little
drop it comes Logan McKay Oh with the
barrel roll off the track just qualified
your scooper
it's calling that you're doing good job
do you got to get in the middle I'll get
some nice serpents oh no oh no ha ha ha
nice Oh kick to the face eat your be
toes off the end of the runway
Logan trash barrel that's nice here
comes our jogger person star
baby that looked really fun if you're a
good dad not really well which what I've
on your feet
my mom's gonna try the slide now she's
asked me which way to do it go on your
butt it has the most padding there's
just come on lay on your stomach area
where'd you get the book hey mom the
slides over here this is the spine
good job you miss the slide
Oh a ball of children nice we call this
one tard pancake supreme and here comes
we got a stack of retards here we got a
shake hard for just hot in some time oh
we lost one
Oh in the roll a backfill it's as hard
as pretty much a genius because we did
that last time the present start on my
back and maybe tard onto princess cards
back and baby twenty went flying
so this time I'm like Sundberg goes on
my back and then princess card goes on
Sun hurts back and princess hearts like
no I'll go on your back and then send
her goes on my back she's smart she sees
the physics of the flip off it's crazy
