follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
please for backstage we're about to go
on at VidCon and Ron has this thing plan
and he's got all these crazy people
he's even got John Green actually worn
that suit before a video Batman
that is the coolest ever like that
there's Timmy anyway she designed it
here's a genius I love it great asset
ever don't be sad top left look at that
shirt you're loving it representing
that's sweet dude hey Carl
I probably filled of that maybe my mom
said I don't know still some melons
there Malachi here on there yeah there's
a lot of that kind of does okay you guys
I'm so nervous
um I wish I could get I can't I wish oh
okay so here's what I want to do I I was
sitting in the bathroom and I was like
you know it'd be hilarious cuz I
thinking are we gonna bring rock chart
up on stage through goop on stage no guy
I don't want to go on stage I'm really
nervous I don't know if I should do this
or not what do you guys think but by the
time you can respond and tell me it'll
be too late
mommy tart isn't totally against it but
but it'll be okay okay so here's what I
do I look up on stage and should we push
the we just carry that out there and
push the stroller out there it's gonna
push the straw out there we're gonna
have this fake baby you know him in
there well we'll leave him with somebody
well we think like Lisa Lisa can hold
him while we're on stage and I'm gonna
be like oh there's the new baby and then
I want to throw this bundle high into
the audience I don't want people to be
like pissed like why would you even
pretend to throw your baby Shea
don't you love your baby that's not
funny so I'm afraid I think it's funny I
would laugh if somebody did that I would
think oh that's a good one that totally
looks like a baby you're good at it too
you're good at my me now maybe you
should walk out on the stage just like
that and I'll take it from you softly
yeah I can't just like grab it well I
mean
like here he is guys the new baby and
then I'll just like chuck them in the
audience I guarantee you will get like
one of those right should we do it we're
nervous I just think it'll be funny KZ
wrapped up good make sure he's wrapped
up good rock guard you're being replaced
by a towel just like me you could barely
keep his eyes away
you're so cute button nose button nose I
love you
leave me alone go to sleep feel good I
feel like I feel like I can feel the
vibes coming through the camera telling
me that we should do it is that is that
what I'm getting because I'm not I'm not
gonna pull this till tomorrow so you
guys won't see us a little Orion
happened or yeah of course there's this
is a YouTube conference hundreds of
people but maybe we'll have something
with some it with our vlog yeah yeah
I'll tell Cal Simon half Castle filming
us can see okay here we go prank at
VidCon 2010 with a fake baby the real
baby safely sleeping away think maybe
throw fake baby tired nervous nervous
theater right I don't never spit it
you're gonna crush well this was I was
like oh it's Ben what's up man yeah you
go play your song right now right now
are you doing thanks Peter's not lay the
song right before it's gonna be sweet oh
there comes do
nice double vlogging just make a quick
little movement but I need that the vlog
brothers out here with me to make this
announcement so ok so early today I was
out here with Charles and Allie and we
were saying how we needed to get the
block brothers in the top 100
well about 45 minutes ago the people on
for this channel and the top
she has been playing song Villegas
to be units
kids
when your wife
you me
check out the che stuff pretzel
come on
Chico
give it up a nice meter right now mommy
time is crying in the back right there
it's so sweet I didn't say a little bit
I just want to see the baby I feel like
I feel like this needs to be we wish all
the other kids could be here but locked
are you guys want to see how high I can
throw there's the views right there
alright well uh what's the talk he's not
talking about words where's cassimy
g-funk area
working okay I'm gonna take some
questions you guys are gonna have four
Shaytards although they're not all here
the rest are watching at home I'm
probably like I really don't like this
you tell me who you want me to choose
and I'll go pick the people with their
hands in the air okay I'm gonna start
from lazy so make it a regular guy okay
this better be good what's your name
Charlotte what's your question for the
shaycarl family your kids know how
popular they are they are they're
starting to learn because we hit the
mall and stuff like that lady was
talking about Sammy and monitor me
talking and these people think that's
the Shaytards
and then Center are gonna be like waving
at him especially sucker that dude he is
I wouldn't bring him here cuz be the one
him to take all the limelight to be on
there dancing but uh yeah they are
people or like you know princess star to
say hey girl at school
I'm just a regular guy you know I like
something like that I don't feel like
being that obnoxious the way I already
am I mean it's actually become it would
be hard for me not to know because it's
it's been over like 500 days you know so
it's just like part of our lives and I
just want to know the business aspect as
well mommy turn actually has a
dishwashing job at nights
no we actually we did we sustain our
life we have sufficient for our needs
and we pay for everything we just by
doing YouTube and it hasn't always been
that it was like a big transition the
first check I got from YouTube was like
$200 and I was like they're begging me
to be an idiot and literally it's been
two and a half years at two years solid
like I I have done every job Under the
Sun I've been a real estate agent I've
been a school bus driver a car salesman
a door-to-door salesman
and I've never like focus have worked on
one thing as hard as I have this because
it's just like a dream come true so yeah
there's many people out there that are
you know living off of the income from
the advertising on the YouTube page
let's move on all right I'm gonna do
come over there
out of your questions can you dance -
she's a good dancer some friends like
promoting her check out her website I
didn't stop home yes everybody is
honorary Nunavut our adult heart you're
all my children
okay over here
what do you guys hi did your yeah you
didn't did you
let's just do this guess we don't have
to talk people into question is actually
people who want a nice question what's
the new baby's name
rock guitar thanks for asking mark are
we done we're done though she's saying
you need to shut up now
so awesome it's onions bridges to me
both have bloggers and I have to say as
a parent
okay what's your girl's name Charlotte
and Liz and were you from Chicago and
they brought us some presents me and
mommy tart you're not mommy oh my god
get her she's over there chatting with
people okay let's see what you guys get
so it's that oh yeah I'll go get okay
we'll go get her you are now walking
oh my god thank you guys so much oh my
gosh just right there baby that's how
you do it yeah good job thank you girls
so much appreciate it
