follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
see your next video so I think it is
very important to have a schedule and
stick to it
let's forget Shane Charles log you know
then he's about to jump in the pool
we're here at mini Mafia's house should
be the music video for Kassim there's be
the I I know I don't even look he's
vlogging on his telephone are we gonna
get him jumping in is that where they're
waiting for a youtuber tell them your
links give yourself a shout-out some
link in my pants
what is it trick Nash next trick mix
yeah I'll put a link down there is that
what a day what a day thank you I got
your voice in my life how much water's
so so what do you want me to do in this
Shaw director death thing we need you
over here so we're gonna go from group
to group and you guys
okay you guys were about to shoot this
shot for possible cheese new video wanna
hit Derek's following me I'm gonna climb
up these stairs so I can just show you
what its gonna look like and all the
people that are here here we go ready
a lot of people
I'm gonna keep all the doors along oh
yeah baby
we're already I think this is the same
you brought way too much stuff from the
suitcase is three times as big as you
are right here she's lying you don't
she's lying dirty clothes my hair's all
right now now you're gonna stink you
miss the children oh yes I've to get
rock hard hey rock face come on or
leaving this hotel we're going to the
VidCon Hotel I would help you but I'm
busy filming okay so we're leaving the
Marriott in Venice or going to the Hyatt
Regency it's the VidCon hotel where
everybody's at we excited it's exciting
check out this view this is building
it's so crazy it's like hey we don't
want to mess up for your view so we'll
put a giant hole in our building because
straight through there but here's the
fountain we are at the hotel there's all
the balconies this is so sweet because
it has like a balcony and it's really
nice here we just met a bunch of people
downstairs but what is really nice good
to meet you guys I feel bad cuz I'm so
sweaty you know it's like hot in there
and you're like kind of nervous because
you're nervous to meet everybody so I
can just make sure you know you're like
oh my god sweaty so I have to bring my
towel where's my towel I'm turning
around in circles here I'm gonna bring
this down with me you know it's like a
little sweat towel oh yes we're leaving
but this is it this is VidCon people
everybody's staying in this giant hotel
and it's a lot of fun so I'll try to get
some more footage show you guys you guys
to see what's happening but us so far
it's a total success hi
like I'm through the same
hold your side way
shaycarl here
we're taking a picture out to
what's your name
it's nice to talk to on the telephone
it's gonna take it
let me
hey guys just here video coverage you
guys want to be in my video I need a hot
chick for the thumbnail oh yeah cute
babies not chicks that's how you get
famous - I just seen it's the new mommy
tard she's gonna have three babies next
month that's mystery guitar man eats my
baby's hand
