okay it's going so i yeah edit we're on
Qasim's iPhone Quattro here we're in the
room at the Ben Ben don't ski pepper at
the intern Las Vegas Barbie is about to
feed rock tart it looks like he's on
he's eyeing you funnier mommy tard hi
wave okay we're getting ready got to
dinner and I'm just using Kasim's power
I'm using Kasim's iPhone 4 because I
don't have one yet cuz I'm a loser we're
at VidCon or at the hotel let me just
show you guys a little thing this is so
funny because everybody everybody's room
has a balcony just like this you said
I'm saying so you can go out there and
see people and Timothy DeLaGhetto was
like way over there and he just called
me he's like I just see you out on the
balcony cuz they're doing a live show
out there like me if you look there's
people waving oh I can't I can't focus
any of this iPhone anyways here's the
view at VidCon there's a fountain
there's people I'm spitting on you watch
out
I'm hocking loogies up here hey Steve
come up here we're sittin on bugs
hi she just opened her mouth what you
want to see my baby oh it's a nanny I'll
hold them over here like Michael Jackson
did just getting nervous holding the
phone I'm not gonna drive your phone
casting I'm gonna mean careful okay
so here's the deal we're advocaat like
ten thousand things are going on my
phone
and it's super busy so I'm not gonna be
able to get a rail a regular vlog up
today you guys I have some good footage
and I'm gonna maybe hopefully tonight I
can I can sit down after all the
craziness settles down and I can get a
blog together for you guys tomorrow so
this is my vlog for today it's kind of
it's kind of cheating but we're just so
busy and having a lot of fun I wish all
of you guys could be here what you're
about to drop it every time get out of
here I'm vlogging okay if you just drop
by yeah sure okay we're leaving the
dinner so tomorrow
