follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
come on my beard it's kind of getting
bushy honey should I trim it I haven't
really haven't really trimmed it for
awhile it's getting it's getting a
little out of control here's my goal is
I wanted it to get really big and like
let my hair grow so my my head looks
really fat and then when I go to VidCon
all I kind of trim it up and then I'll
maybe look skinnier is that is that a
good that a good strategy I want to look
I want to look as fat and ugly as
possible in all my videos right up to
VidCon and then I maybe go get a haircut
and trim it so then people have been
kind of like wow you're not as hideous
as you look in your videos you're
actually not a bad-looking guy now I see
why you got such a hot wife oh baby yeah
I want to show you guys something this
is really cool my friend actually
invented this well he claims he invented
this and he would usually he would
always tell us he would be hanging out
yes he would say you guys are got this
sweet invention and we'd always like to
shut up that's stupid but it's actually
here he used to say I want to invent a
toilet that when you go pee you only
flush a little bit but then when you go
poopoo you flush a lot a bit so that's
like a half flush if you just peed
that's like a half flush but if you need
a little bit more water to be pushing
through the pipes that's your ticket
right there so it's this cool toilet
it's like a water saver but I remember
my buddy used to always like tell us
well this idea he had and then I see
this toilet in our hotel room look at
this honey card I think yeah some
explaining to do this is a woman's
accoutrement Center a woman's
accoutrement Center look at all this
stuff scattered everywhere
where's murder yes the funniest faces
feel good I'm a monster hey guys so holy
majolica Liz talk about opinions on if
we move back to Los Angeles or not
you guys my heck you know what I woke up
to this morning thanks to you guys my
mom texting me literally we're laying
there and me and mommy heard started
laughing because the phone was like no
but my mom was texting me your guys's
comments on the last video about where's
the phone where's my phone I'll just
read you seriously ridiculous amounts of
text messages my mom's like listen to
this comment listen to this comment cuz
obviously my mom does not want us to
move back to LA because she loves us I
don't know why she's a little okay
that's all this morning can you see this
all these texts are from my mom this
morning
she says think about what is best for
your children your marriage do you
really want your children to be
influenced by LA culture or do you want
them and your videos because what or do
you want them to something your videos
because they're family aren't it I have
gone back and watched some of the LA
videos and they're nowhere near as good
as your Idaho videos blah blah blah
anyways this is MH a art it's not anyway
some of you some of you commented on
that my mom has been texting them to me
all morning yep general what are we
gonna do rock you roll tard he always
looks so concerned so mami tarde talked
to us about it what are we gonna do well
I don't know what do you want to do well
yeah everybody has an opinion on what
they want us to do well we know I mean
we take we take the advice but we know
that ultimately the decision is ours and
it's our responsibility to make the best
choice for our family which we will do
of course we always have and I just kind
of our lives have been how many times do
we move since we've been married 17
times we've been married for seven years
yeah and we kind of lost count here then
back here here the macular there then
back here you know like we just we've
lived in where we all lived in we've
lived in Phoenix there's
we've lived in Dallas Texas North hell I
lived in Dallas Raleigh North Carolina
we lived in Los Angeles we live in Logan
Utah lived in Idaho and then just like
back and forth a bunch of times so we
just get bored different places houses
yeah back and forth to different places
the point is this like really every time
we've moved it's been because I have
been like looking for what I want to do
with my life and mommy tard being the
patient loving angel / supportive wife
that she is she's always been like okay
yeah we'll just move and this is our
stance on it as long as we're together
it doesn't matter where we live a lot of
people were like what about the kids
making friends and stuff like that and
you know that's important but that's why
I'm glad we have four kids because
they're they're each other's friends and
they do have friends here in California
that they actually miss from when we
moved here they're you know the first
time you know centaur has a couple
friends that he still remembers by name
that he even says he's like I want to
move back to California so I can see you
know so-and-so and and stuff like that
so we have friends in both places the
biggest thing for me is the family as
far as like my mom and dad's so and it's
not gonna be forever if we move back
it's only gonna be for a year tops and
then we'll and then we'll go back you
know where my parents and brother and
everybody is so it's it's just it's more
of a decision that I have to make
because to be honest with you guys if
we're gonna have if I'm gonna be really
open and frank with you guys I I can't
see myself doing vlogs for ever
you know like in five years from now I
just don't see myself doing vlogs so I
need to venture out I need options we
need multiple you know streams of
incomes so we don't have to rely on just
one thing and the station is something
it's a company that I helped start you
know maker studios is is our production
company the station is just a small part
of it I don't think a lot of you
understand exactly what the business is
you know the station is a YouTube
channel but maker studios is the company
that we we started and there's so much
more than just the station involved and
we have
plans for so much more you know making
movies and all kinds of different things
it's a long story to have to explain
everything to you but that's the kind of
things that I have to think about and I
just want you guys to understand before
you like you know it's stupid idiot I'm
like this is a difficult you know thing
on my mind that I have to make the
decision ultimately you know me and
mommy tart have to you know sit down and
this is a really good trip for us
because you know we have some time to be
alone and to talk about all our options
and stuff and I love that you guys are
all you know passionate about it and and
it's like he isn't a part of our family
so it's like you guys are definitely
part of the decision so we're gonna make
the best decision that we think is best
for us and best for these little dudes
and the biggest the biggest point of all
of it is that it doesn't matter where we
are as long as we're together it's you I
want to make out you so mad okay so
that's the blog for today we're gonna go
get some lunch and hang out and just
probably I do a lot of kissing today I
just feel like feel like we're gonna do
a lot of make it out today so I'll let
you know maybe I'll film some of it see
you guys tomorrow
okay what time is it what time is it
really know that that's oh I love we got
a bag full of salads and this guy he's a
Big Mac fanatic whatever so really knows
okay I'm gonna try it cuz I have
listened my hands so I have to help dude
this is like a total new style Karen
you're kidding flogging no you guys this
is cutting-edge technology it is this is
cutting edge vlogging style I'm holding
my son
right the Sun can't drop the audience
hold on my son on a volume at the same
time and this is just crazy
mommy tired
there's rocket are coming home from a
long day of shooting that stuff like
that you look like a praying mantis
you're cute praying mantis
