follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
Monday at risk going to the ocean the
waves are huge yesterday what's going on
in there who's beating up my baby who's
reading up my baby or leaving this hotel
room because it's out that's way too
expensive who's beating up my baby in
here hey you taking a bath you're taking
a bathroom sink like a sleeping rock
tired such a diva we have this giant
bath look there's even a rubber ducky
this giant bath beautiful shower and he
has to take a bath in the sink I think
that's why it's mad he's like mommy your
daddy got to have a bubble bath
what are you doing this ready I'm gonna
kick it to you I can't run over how nice
teamwork stocks are down
mommy tired what do you think about this
okay ready yeah
Salman is my car off video well you guys
watch for a suit it's coming soon we're
on set here I'm sweatin a beat up about
the Internet of bad today you guys got
this camera there's smoke we're totally
hot box in this place right now I'm
gonna divert I have one underneath my
pants I didn't write that down you're
fine
sounds good awesome you get that me
walking out of the hotel
the strippers the same money thanks for
your time hey what's going on in here
you're not a baby your honor but yes
good okay we're almost done right what's
this oh thanks dude
YouTube videos pays well guns and money
baby okay we're here in our new hotel
room and today is Tuesday I'm about to
upload this video and I realized that I
only have like three minutes of footage
that's the problem with filming shaycarl
videos is like we've filmed for six
hours yesterday to do this video and
just it takes so much out of it you know
it's like you gotta you know give so
much and I just don't feel like vlogging
you know so that's the hard part is
trying to balance doing the vlogs and
making shaycarl videos plus or while
we're here in LA I just want us to be
patient please please please be patient
because we're so busy you know of course
we have a ton of meetings with the
station and we're shooting videos and
should tell you guys this probably move
back to LA what do you think what do you
guys think and so me and mommy tarde are
looking for places all the while are
well you know we have all the VidCon
stuff and shooting videos for the
station and all that crazy stuff so
please be patient with the vlogs it's
gonna be a couple days and the videos
prior will not be very long just because
I got so much going on so if you guys
could be cool that would be nice anyways
we're here at the new hotel I love it
has a balcony look at this view
seriously is that what is that the back
of a grocery store it sure is
with a line of pine trees there's a palm
tree for you so here we are we're in
Venice
and that's what we hang in yos anyways
so you guys just be patient
mami tarde went out shopping I'm here
editing the video but she went out
shopping so she had to go buy a nursing
bra I'm sure she wanted me to tell you
guys that us we're just hanging out okay
so I'll see you guys tomorrow please be
patient because the videos are gonna be
short just because like I said we're
super SuperDuper busy okay bye love you
Oh
