you're being cool is that your singing
why are you being so cool right now I'm
being cool I'm being cool I understand
baby go good morning good morning good
morning it's another beautiful day kids
getting ready for school how are you
feeling about school right now maybe I'm
worried regular yeah you're not quite to
the point where you're like I'm ready
for school to be over cuz it's not even
I mean it's March but they're close
she's been getting ready for a talent
show you want to tell them what you're
gonna do for the talent show
it's sheer like it's kind of like I
would call it a stunt group a cheer
stunt group yeah but we didn't show you
know we haven't seen it all yet she does
flips and stuff and Evie I'm very proud
of her she put this all together herself
she looked online to where she could
order shirts that say like their
cheerleading being on it and she put
together at how much money they need to
to earn so that they can buy all these
shirts and so she's been really working
hard on getting this cheer stunt group
together I'm very proud of her oh yeah
every day well it's fun to work together
with friends and accomplish something
fun together and Emmy is gonna do the
talent show - I don't know exactly what
she's gonna do yet she has a couple
ideas I think that her engaged might
sing a song I don't know yeah they're
planning on singing a song so it's
exciting you guys see heels are rascal
and he got skunked him and Bronx got
skunked and shade did a really good job
of washing him we bathed them in like
tomato juice and scrubbed him really
good with dog wash but his collar it
stinks and I've bleached it and I put it
through the dishwasher so I think it
might be time to just throw it out
it's gross you know and then and then
after he gets all bathed and beautiful
last night he rolls in kaupo what I
don't understand
do not get it what is it about dogs that
make them wanna roll in cow poo it
so anyways he's been sleeping in the
garage
yucky cow poo do you think they think
it's chocolate age I'll die it's like
poison to dogs isn't it yeah yeah
anyways your shoes don't go on the
counter just sayin just you should put
them on your feet all right well we got
cow poo skunks and cheerleading before
you get anywhere just landed in New York
so we're going to watch a cut of the
movie documentary for this close to
being done you miss this close I have to
be in New York for two days no three
days and then I'm flying home on
Saturday and that's my family we're
gonna do a new way to get to Manhattan
from LaGuardia
we're gonna take a helicopter all right
here we go here we go
can I say it get to the choppa say it
Mike
get to the choppa nobody
sound like this
right to the front
oh that's your side
oh I am in the pilot's seat that by his
laughing I didn't realize that was the
pilot seat this is school all right guys
what's your name geez Steve me and Steve
are about to fly over New York City we
got this cool toy might as well used it
right
I want to get my license my dad is
Chester Chester C be a Chester reading
in their pilots licenses together so
it's kind of like alright kids off to
school now we need to tackle this mess
what are you doing you're being cool is
that your singing why are you being so
cool right now is it because you have a
trixin hat on or because you have a Shay
chart shirt on or both because that's
super cool and see he's a natural-born
performer he takes after his father
I mean I guess I have a little bit of
that too your parents gave you the best
the best qualities didn't they just
kidding he's just cool because I say
here you are so being cool oh okay yeah
there got it
I am I being corner I'm being cool I'm
being cool I'd be a baby we're being
baby vehicle
pick right up really fast
the way to travel
we have spent so many years inside this
frustration time that Lee myself and I
have a conversation I'm losing patience
living life with all these limitations
there's a big old world outside my
mind's face but it seems that every
single time I take a step in the right
direction another daunting obstacles to
read away
I had to sweep and walk away
until another day
I believe it's too late for me so I want
to try
there's no way I'm hoppin out the back
seat I will be the driver switch it into
high gear
down
slow down God we better get you help
but sweaty nothing yet
gotcha guts the way to honor to sleep
helicopter I never had
is that yoga generous
usually my helicopter is 6-minute well
that was just one of the coolest things
I've ever decided to do I just decided
to do it because one it's cool to ride a
helicopter but two we are trying to get
blade to come to CVX live do you guys
know what CVX live is it's like VidCon
and playlist but it's an actual live
event the tricks and clothing owns 30%
up so what I want to do is I want to be
able to fly creators from the from the
airport to our event in a helicopter
like what if you got to come to like
VidCon or playlist and when you landed
to come to the event
you got a helicopter ride to the event
I'm looking into it so that's that's one
of the major reasons I came because I
just wanted to try it out I wanted to
talk to the guys too so I went to the
office the blade offices and talk to
them about coming to CVX live so that we
can flight creators to the event how
cool anyways I gotta go to my hotel from
here we are an island very perky breathe
Staten Island
towers versus like stacked on top of
each other I have never seen that few
that is new I have never seen before in
my entire life the first time and you
know that I've been wanting to get my
pilot's license so after like flying on
that helicopter I think I would rather
have my helicopters license than my
actual like airplane license you know
like a Cessna or whatever can only do so
much
you got a chopper like that and you are
agile so Chester see and I in Palm Beach
we're talking about getting our pilots
licenses which you guys know I've been
procrastinating forever because I have
five kids and a million projects I like
to start but that is a life goal I'm
gonna do it and just riding on that
helicopter pumped me up I was talking to
the pilot and I was like tell me about
this like how long you been doing it
he's like it's an office worth of you
you tell you said that a million times
but he said he's been doing it seven
years and he loved you guys I'm here I'm
gonna upload a video because when you're
a youtuber you are never not working man
oh man what a crazy travel week and a
half
oh my gosh I feel like I haven't been
home for months just been out here on
the road trying to make it happen
Tyler the dollar do it hard wait I'm so
sick of traveling I'm gonna be home
tonight
right now we're a teleport I am flying
home in the morning actually by the time
you are listening to this I'm probably
enroute to going there but big news
vlog you mentor er documentary the movie
that we've been working on for the last
three years is going to be premiering at
the Tribeca Film Festival shout out to
apprentice a and Corey Vidal and Andy
stack and Michelle Farah NOLA and Morgan
Spurlock and warrior poets so many
people have collaborated to make this
movie happen oh my gosh Jane Rosenthal
the Tribeca Film Festival I mean I can't
wait we have an official premiere date I
am finishing the last I can't say
anything I can't say anything I want to
say things I want to say things you guys
know but you know me I gotta just end
the sense later I'll just say too many
things and I'll get in trouble I've
probably said already I'm so excited
it's gonna be done
and I think eventually you give me time
I will make sure that every single one
of you who wants to see this movie will
be able to see it I want to try to I
mean we're still working on distribution
I like I said gotta go okay love you
please click on a video thank you for
supporting us this has been such a crazy
week being able to be with Tony Robbins
in West Palm Beach for four days
literally literally sorry for using that
word like that but it did it literally
prepared me for this trip to go to the
White House to finish this movie I
needed those four days at Tony Robbins
to be able to finish some of these tasks
that I'm battling right now big hard
things like making a movie and getting
it into one of the you know world's
greatest film festivals is not easy so I
once again got to give Tony Robbins a
shout out yeah okay I'm gonna go I'm
blabbering love you please click on
thumbs up dude slide nice calm it love
you student can see tomorrow bye
