follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
okay you guys ready for this we are at
the airport baby let me tell you a
little trick that I always do when I go
to the airport and have to park my car
in long-term parking you guys should try
this so I know I'm parking I'm leaving
my car here for the couple days then I'm
gone and I just looked and it's gonna be
$42 for the days that were gone and just
leaving my truck here so what I do is I
always take my card and I always leave
cash the amount of cash maybe I
shouldn't flog this so he's gonna come
break into my car because I know there's
cash in here anyways I'm gonna risk it
$50 and the parking thing in the ashtray
and that way when I come back from the
trip the parking will be right there and
I'll be able to pay for it because
that's always so frustrating to me like
when you come back from a trip and
you're like oh you know like you've
already spent all your money on the
vacation or whatever and then you get
people to leave the airport parking and
you're like and it's frustrating because
and you don't like thought yeah I mean
my in if use your debit card so I always
just leave the cash for the parking in
the ashtray that way when I you know
come back from the trip and I leave I'm
like oh here's my card cuz you totally
forget about it right you forget about
the parking then you come back you let
go here's the card and here's the money
that was easy I'm glad I did that little
little heads up hello my honey hello my
darling hello my ragtime yeah on the
cards national airport all right
Oh bright sunshine alright y'all our
stuff we ready
you need to miss the kids a BB subsided
you to put your computer and a thing hey
guys I need like seven of these things
holy crap here we go on the airplane
with super baby leave us the waves or
baby here we go excited mom has her neck
dress on what's going on there
there's there's more trampolines than
there are swimming pools
pretty
hey guys
and Turks being really good
those girls but the air-conditioning
that's how I determine if it's good
pressure of these
once the window-seat
stay away
is missing this whole first airplane
flight
it needs to call the flight attendant
like having babies because they're fun
to play I want to put him in the
overhead luggage care
come on everybody
there
hey mommy were talking about raspier
the irony here of those day remember
we're in Venice I had Michael Jackson
just died and we the fireworks were
going off I was like 10 o'clock at night
gackt uh better story than me and mommy
tarred and Cassim and centaur the
princess turn they call names art we
also started running towards these
fireworks outside the house that was
exactly one year ago today it's crazy
and we have a video of that let's go
watch it exactly one year ago today
we're listening to Michael Jackson never
hit the laptop and I fell was there it's
Phil Lindsey there and we're running
down mr. crazy then we're just thinking
in one year from now what's this do
comedians to be walked in the room and
that's Robert enemy facing you
fourth of July
Oh
you love spacing
there's Lucas that's crazy so you just
got here to our hotel room and I'm an
MSNBC there's a thing about viral videos
and there's Fred on there that's pretty
cool but check this out we're trying to
find a place and this was the closest we
could find not that what am I talking
about
we couldn't find a hotel because it's
the fourth of July and everybody's
getting hotels and so this is the only
one we can find it where's Arsenal man
it's nice check this out I sit in this
it's like a hot tub look they have a
little rubber duckie
it's been cool Fred where's Fred that
funny we're here for a YouTube video
conference and the first thing we turn
on is Fred on MSNBC but we're gonna in
Santa Monica area the pier the Santa
Monica Pier is like just this way just a
tiny bit over here but it's Purdy Purdy
now we're gonna go hang out with the
homies with castle and everybody and
Danny and Lisa and we're getting ready
you ready mama tarde I just woke up from
a nap cops on horses in Venice Beach
that's where crowd control baby we got a
million people out here walking around
you need horses of course to scare
people
move it along move along nothing to see
here
I don't know holy crap there's a party
going on right here deck it keeps
partying for the fourth of July oh happy
fourth of July
that's Marina del Rey oh come on I just
turn on the camera you can't see now
there there that's Marina del Rey and
they're having the big fireworks show
and where are we Home Depot device we're
buying fire or buying fire this is the
very last thing I expected to do when I
came to Los Angeles to go out with what
a day during and Kassem G and we're
buying look I used to do that good
granite what are you talking about I'm
gonna save a little bit nice to have a
nice big truck with ya have a Subaru
Impreza yeah a surprise actually because
they're usually like Chevy Malibus and
stuff like there for tourists yeah see
brain is a seabream I love that I think
that's what I got last night actually
anyway so we're here at Home Depot and
we're buying Lisa and Danny a
housewarming present and we're getting a
fire pick they have this great new place
with this cool patio and we're like in
this needs a fire pit so that's we're
doing like the finale
give us a little slice bubbles slice me
up with cheese I'm gonna look you up
white marks weapon bubbles yearning this
slice new half of peace bubbles I'll
hook you all those before you lay down a
track can we just try cap some bubbles
about the lane on the track and you're
worried about processing the transaction
you just want to get this fireman give
me a little loose a little something a
little snip it could be box outcry huh
all right bubbles is a rapper and I told
her I could hook her up but she won't do
it so check out youtube.com slash
bubbles what's your youtube name YouTube
now pretty face bubbles do you have a do
you have a rap on there ok youtube.com
slash pretty face bubbles tomorrow
you're gonna be shocked when you get a
lot of people coming and checking it out
she doesn't believe me you guys go check
her out never watches your YouTube some
people did you have myspace is you have
a link on your YouTube dude she shot
other links I'm just trying to get this
transit ok go check man
check her out yes no big deal bubbles
are just a Visa gold that's a checking
account baby does that turn you on
hey hey bubble so check out my debit
card e you write a song about my debit
card yeah there was this guy with the
beard who had a debit card he was kind
of weird and I like to make him nobody
just freestyle in your face he's a spit
hot fire all over you
don't bring up bring it bring it
happy fourth of July signature Thank You
bubble spy how do you think that was
that was that was a great interaction I
want you guys to really go check her out
I'm gonna go check her out see if she's
got she's got going all che what if
she's no good bro
and then you just told people she's no
good I mean I'll go check her out if
she's no good I won't leave the link
that we mean huh do you have a link go
check her out let's see we'll all see
together cuz we don't know about
subscribing until I see a video I want
to see some good wrappings our son I
feel like he's our son yeah hey guys
it's me and Cassim son Derek
