just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
it sounds like there's herd of elephants
jumping around of yours go see what it
is oh yeah
no working it ladies come on punch it
out punch it out punch it out let's see
it come on aggression speed baguette oh
I love when you speed baguette yield
food while that's one of my favorite
pastimes actually back in the 80s I was
the one of the world renowned speed
backers of all time okay I'm just gonna
go in here and lay down oh okay excuse
me door okay I'm gonna go lay down in
here in this bedroom oh this is my spot
over here you go I'll just lay down on
think steady for not recording anymore
looking good ladies looking good is that
her let's see you do your walk do it
Oh didn't see did again job I know she
she always comes down so steady you help
me beat your leader stand up stand up
hi V yeah pump goes good QP you guys
that impresses me there we go
that's a that's a tard top
to fish here I call them ah it's the
Ringling ball or other tardes okay so
right here is very mixed emotions for me
who knows what this is this is good
memories and bad memories when I was
probably like 12 but always go to my
grandpa's house not always like 4/4 to
try or whatever but he would most times
make homemade peppermint ice cream and I
remember the time that he said sure
don't tell my grandpa talked about
shrine they don't adherence girl this
baby panties basically are they're just
a bunch of peppermint patties that you
melt so I'm like short at this time I'm
probably like this tall I was like a
midget not peppermint Patty's peppermint
candy right Oh same thing Andy Berman
candies so I was stirring the pot of
boiling peppermints hard candies right
and they got stuck on the bottom and I'm
pulling the spoon towards me like this
and they're boiling and it gets stuck
and I'm like pulling like a stupid kid
I'm like huh and finally gets unstuck
and the whole pan goes all over my neck
in my chest and it hurts so bad and it
was like sticking to my skin yeah it
burns see look see all these scars looks
like hair but that's really scars oh
that's and I remember because my grandpa
lived like quit fighting on
then I remember driving like three hours
going home and I had to keep ice on it
and if I took the ice off for like five
seconds which I loved homemade pepper no
my ice cream is my favorite and it's
exciting and it's delicious and I'm pop
Betty let's see his perfect spiral nice
Stars and Stripes waving in the
background how patriotic playing
football with my son on the greatest day
ever throw your son this one's for the
ages I'm never gonna erase this footage
as long as we have each other
how's a sweet bass broseph catch it oh
good you're jumping on the trampoline
there's nobody out here telling us we
can't do what we're doing because we're
freedoms ha I just punched that football
because I wanted to nobody could tell me
I couldn't not even the Taliban the
Taliban take that Osama bin Laden were
you out Osama what you got suckered come
on I'm right here I'll punch a football
before the drive I want oh it's actually
the 3rd of July so I'll do that to Osama
Osama I'm calling you out right now
Osama bring it sucker what have you
actually like halaqah what if there was
like like a cage match and you could
fight Osama bin Laden
pretty crazy I'd bite his ankles I'd
bite his Achilles tendon okay Logan Ezra
how long do you work on that for like an
hour and a half is this I talking give
live Oh live lavalier he does live
waffle live Mitchell Davis quit
influency my little brother Mitchell
Davis okay ready
I got her let's see it what's it made
out of sparklers you better run is I can
oh I'm kind of nervous
nope didn't blow up boom Oh dad is gonna
be pissed
how's that you are in trouble this
environment please replace your divots
fire work party foul that was pretty how
long did you spend on that an hour and a
half that was a waste of home put it out
dude dad isn't a kick your butt to ski
just say it was like a meteor mama go
Logan dad mom I did not my hands on it
hey hey dad keep bringing them in
through the window we don't want to come
outside and get them yeah well you
taught me off I think I can still walk a
straight line
dad's outside souvenirs cream and we're
just getting it through the window
princess Todd you're supposed to get it
through the window God through the
windows to the walls the peppermint ice
cream drips down my Liberty hey guys
were watching The Deadliest Catch and my
sisters like how do those boats I go for
so long and I'm like because they have
an unlimited amount of fuel the boats
were on salt water and they do - how do
you make on the ocean for months at a
time because it's bad for the
environment like it's carsick I just
want to know
they were I'm serious they run on solar
see what the combustion engine of a
saltwater boat would they run on then
what kind of fuel oil or gas how do they
go into the ocean for months at a time
and again daddy they don't run on
saltwater
you're lying to Grandma it's okay
grandma I didn't believe it Cece needs a
bad sour feet over a long time to burn
down oh is that a sparkler fuse oh no
back up you guys can you behind the
truck all for the black
all out of sparklers Oh who's a dud do
you want it to do freaking cookie dinner
and that would be delicious let's see
that fun they're both like terrified
except fun sparkler whoa the fun Fritz's
tard you guys are not even paying
attention to me
whoa haha radical radical dudes are
smoking fire everywhere but hey hey
what's going on here all going back
tanks just always be my favorite - but I
was like always disappointed in them if
they never work like they never roll
like they're supposed to yeah like like
a lot of a flatter surface yeah that's
not how to do anything it's ridiculous
listen right here - happens guys once
you ollie down shoot oh it does yeah
so all mommy tard
remember those fireworks
remember those fireworks what did you do
with those no was that was that on your
your channel yeah you guys are true
Katie let fans she lit like four of
those once right outside my window well
I was sleeping here cops here the car
busted for lighting illegal fireworks
okay good boy
you guys all those snap so they called
snaps where you like a little paper bags
that you just throw at the band yeah
Carly's not throwing me and I'm gonna
punch it okay nobody want to make it pop
you ready I'm gonna try to blow this cup
up in the air and then catch it sounds
smart
so smart oh I'm gonna be in your face
poor little Brad Bradley maggot on your
face blue okay this is a definite
illegal black cat Yellow Rose Texas
rocket it shoots about a hundred feet up
in here
ah we're to try to blow up three cups
with this is Sun guards idea he wanted
you to know three cups with three
fireworks oh I'll make you to add all
three I'm going yeah that one just yeah
oh cool
they're like little little Sonic the
Hedgehog hello colorful spider balls
soon it's Toby yeah yeah I like me now
now it smokes for 10 minutes here we go
dark so we can't see very well what are
you talking to close to me like this I'm
gonna throw it this is really crazy and
dangerous honey filming yeah right what
I hear all day long throw it get rid of
it
this when I years open is that awesome I
have a feeling that's gonna be on my
headstone engraved on my headstone
oh cool honey film this famous last
words
you scared
