follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
here we are at the park in our area we
have our schools will or during the
summer in the summer our schools put on
this summer lunch program where you can
go and kids 18 and under can get free
lunch so we're at the park with my
sister and her kids are you excited
you look I don't want to be here I can't
even eat this crap yeah you're right and
rolling and action you ready I don't
have any makeup on oh you're so ugly
look I wore the same clothes as I was
wearing yesterday I called mommy tard
because I'm home
uploading the video you know I'm here
slaving away look I'm uploading the
video and I couldn't go to the park with
my family on a Friday and I KX I'm here
over you guys I guess but I like badly
oh snap those are laughs that's so bad
you know somebody is really blasting
their headphones if you walk into the
room and you can basically just hear the
song almost cleanest day you're like if
I can hear it standing ten feet away how
loud is that in their ears like mommy
talk just came down to talk to me and I
like took my headphones off to like
listen to her and I was like holy crap I
can hear him just as good with them off
my head anyways don't get ear cancer
don't do that kids turn it down I want
to talk to you about something that I
just hear reading comments listening to
my music listening to music and reading
comments what I like to do on a Friday
evening you know maybe get a glass of
warm buttermilk and just three comments
and listen to music that's what I like
to do I don't know what you guys are up
to these days
you kids through will weld movies and
stuff like that anyways this is funny
this is a human nature thing in general
and it always happens every time this is
so crazy every time I talk about weather
on the on the vlogs you're like oh it's
so cold here there's this much snow or
oh wow it's really hot here people it's
so funny people like are proud of their
weather and you always see these
comments they're like you don't even
know what hot is come live where I live
or you haven't seen snow till you've
lived here and it's like like why do
people brag about their weather it's
like I have it worse than you or you
don't know anything you know come where
I live it's the most pretty and it's the
also the hottest and yes we do get more
annual snowfall than anybody ever did in
all of existence Ellie oh hey I'm just
talking so I'm just wondering like why
do people do that do you what are you
looking at
sister why are you sunburned alright
lizard anyways I just wanted to as he is
that okay so it's happy Friday by watch
isn't this is the court footage you have
a restraining order against you for
beating your brother you guys um you
just welcome to the vortex you were just
witnessing Shaytards watching Shaytards
you were watching Shaytards while the
Shaytards were watching the Shaytards
that's weird how gravity that darn thing
called gravity
yeah and who else girls yeah so what
does that mean that means that's our lot
in life we have to wait for the girls
we're both ready both have our hats on
we're both dress for both ready to go
what are we doing
mommy tire prints uh started being yeah
the girls you see a trend there yeah see
all the boys are ready we're out here
waiting for the girls hey you know you
look like look like shaycarl hey oh just
a little street Karl here Callie more
music at youtube.com slash Kelly
and my fire from burning
so I say struck base hey baby turn do
you know who sings this who who sings
this maybe tar just woke up she's a
little groggy son time to put the start
go and Cali
Lake is in my pants
before you go check out Cali more music
if you haven't already and then go get
her CD
don't forget to try them and then when
you exit the premises be sure not to
touch the handle with your hand use the
paper that you tried your heads up with
it use it as a handle to open the door
so as you're not have to touch the dirty
go ahead the world the people serves may
be resigned then just throw that little
extra thing in the trash oh hi many
people ask Trey how do you potty train
your kids well I like to do a 9x
ensemble here we go in the potty here we
go Oh be sure to order now I have other
kid teaching lesson operas okay we're
having a major disagreement here you
guys not yet okay so we're looking for
luggage because we're going to Los
Angeles for VidCon and ours is from old
stuff I have like ten years ago and it
has holes in it we're lucky we haven't
lost like a lot of stuff in the flying
that we do since we're looking for new
like it's new and I just saw these this
pair and I'm like oh let's get those
with a click the biggest douche bags at
the airport it's like no sir awesome and
I was like making fun of them like these
are the worst things ever and she was
like no let's get him so I am now going
to reveal the luggage you ready yeah
like if I so if I see a couple walking
through the airport with this
I wanna be like every other mojo all
these it just seems so presumptuous like
look at these sparkly some diamonds on
my luggage which ones yeah those are
okay tell effect your grandma's old
couch no presumption there at all
no presumption with grandma's old
interior designing this by God we're so
Hollywood here we come into Hollywood
you wanna get him what do you guys think
you guys come into the what do you think
those are too douchey or do you think
they're cooler there
oh well that settles it we can't get
them oh fantasy I wouldn't mind if you
had one like if you were carrying one I
think that'd be kind of cute but if I
had to like pick that up like that was
mine that's like the worst of all worth
house we have matching his and her with
our initial embroider
okay I guess you get it so I found one
that I think is cool but now mommy's
heart is like no that is ugly why would
you like that and it funny thing is it's
by the same brand and I'm like yeah
those are awesome that's cool I would
totally have that suitcase she's like
what hey we might never have gotten
married if we went get shopping
you can't get married we have a huge
luggage issue
okay so here's mine luggage
I like his luggage baby I like all your
luggage you know okay so this one that I
like it's like bright blue I think that
looks cool guys would you guys like
better that one or these ones
simmer down young lady simmer down
simmer down huh
say it again what are you saying I can't
stand it gibberish talk girlfriend
oh you have to go peepee in the toilet
that are you saying let's go find the
bathroom so you go peepee on the toilet
okay taking me five say I love you dad
say I love you so much say dad what
who's that that little boy over there
say your boyfriend say that's not my
boyfriend say daddy you're my boyfriend
you're my boyfriend let's see what you
guys got what do you guys totin nice was
that for what is that for
are you Marcia Brady what it that is the
word this Lymington ever seen oh that's
for a night out on the town yeah that's
great so I'm tired let's see what you're
getting everybody's getting a new outfit
oh man so handsome oh it's not a cute
pink tutu you better keep that away from
me I might steal it from you baby chart
on the see yours yeah
who's yours love it do you love it yes
it's very patriotic how come she keeps
pulling outfits I mean his princess oh I
remember when I had gymnastics and
ballet and swimming lessons that was a
rough time in my life but it's really
tough time we can never get fun times
dancing or gymnastics cuz you know I had
my boondoggle business I'd braid
boondoggles and so on by the side of the
freeway where are you going
yo I'm straight trippin yo mami tarde
says she just feels like she needs to
start exercises and just get away from
the kid and have our own time so I said
I said get your iPod get your headphones
get on your little bike and go pedal on
the Block and just enjoy yourself a nice
sunset bike ride
enjoy yourself we're
drive along in the van and film the
whole thing okay have fun love you lose
yourself in the music in the roadways
just take in deep breath through your
nose ah I just ride into the sunset oh
well if you do we will miss you
the great umbrella you got there son
garden turtles come out of this little
ballerina baby chard and princess are
they both taken ballerina classes look
at our barn toes oh it's so precious you
got your little ballerina out but are
you excited baby tired
hey are you be a ballerina
can you do spins like a pretty ballerina
ready
I know let's see it mommy tired oh oh oh
okay
Gary ballerina Karrie ballerina
