just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
all right so I just ran to the bank and
got a check to pay for cold air
literally I am paying for cold air
that's what I want I want it I need it
oh my goodness gracious it's been like
90 degrees it's supposed to get up to 93
degrees today here in Idaho that's not
like super super hot I used to live in
Phoenix and it was 112 degrees and you
get in your car it was 125 degrees
anybody who lives you know in those
areas knows what it's like and it's not
that hot outside really but it gets
sweltering yes I know that's a crazy
word to use but I'm going to go ahead
and use it
it gets sweltering google it if you
don't know the definition it means hot
is age old old balls in our house and
last night it was like I thought we were
gonna die I was this close saying
everybody let's go right in a hotel room
I went in the kids room and they were
just like sweating son tard was leaving
he rolls over he goes dad can you turn
the heat down I was like I'm sorry dude
it's not the heater it's just freaking
hot in this house so let me show you
what we're getting installed this we're
getting this installed it's a giant
block tube we're gonna hire somebody to
come out here at night and just blow
into that tube and it's going to blow
cool air they're going to put ice in
their mouths and then they're just going
to blow through that tube and it'll just
pump it through our house and it's going
to be a lot cooler no this is the actual
unit I snuck that out a pane is that
going to be a good brand Syndic it's a
pain that it drilled this hole in the
side of our house hope that doesn't make
our house fall down but it's going to be
pumped in there nice fresh cold air oh
baby that's gonna be hard to mow around
anyways it's gonna be so nice to have
that installed I've promised my wife
four years I'm like honey I swear I'll
get you an AC cuz we lived in this house
for three years and every year we have
to pull out like six fans got a swamp
cooler one year and it just never really
does that good of a job so finally I
said honey you're getting your AC
hi excited to get our AC yes pump
kidding me I told them it's been three
years and I've told you every year I'd
get you one rolled out her face is
sweating I know it's like that sticky
groggy I sweaty up sores
baby tar did you sweat last night you
sweat so much was it hot were you
uncomfortable
are you just saying yes anything I ask
you right now yep that's what I figure
you playing with the coasters Oh
sweetness how's little that's a little
rock and Roli Oh tard
he is just chill what's up bro heme how
you feeling dawg feeling good you're
looking cute as always got a kid way too
cute it up princess star tree so hot
last night cute it up as a way to keep
way to cute it up he's getting cute lit
up high fives for the cute up top giving
it up sweet sweetness
Carly Styles wearing nice Peters shirt
designing it for a nice Peter subscribe
he sent that to me and Carly's like I
want that shirt subscribe I just talked
to nice Peter actually you guys about
the best spot in the lot music video and
we talked yesterday on the phone what
are you smilin Thad and he's writing the
song right now so if you haven't
subscribed nicepeter yet go subscribe s
this Mel's gonna say stop subscrube stay
anyways oh yeah were you hot last night
Carly style well after I passed out from
the heat exhaustion it wasn't that bad
Carly gave Andy rich cuz why don't you
ask me if I was all is that I had a
really good response
that's so funny so funny
break the start first son's are crazy
boy crazy boy
I'm so anyways I don't know when Peter
will have that song done but I think we
got like over 200 pictures for the best
spot in the lot and that's crazy so if
you don't get yours in sorry I love you
anyway I love you can still send them to
me like I like to look at them but I'm
hopefully in the next four or five days
we'll have the music video for best spot
in a lot with all your pictures in it
as soon as Peter gets the song done
we'll edit it together and it'll be
sweet okay peace why I feel like I have
to sign out every time like this look
it's dark and scary under here
see that hole they drilled there to
bring all the way straight through here
and into the the furnace area there open
up these pipes blue means cold that's
gonna be boys wonderful was mine there
really no okay
mommy towards present that I bought her
for her birthday
because I didn't get anything on her
birthday it hasn't been I promised
nothing just came in the mail
maybe somebody opened it oh just in
spite it what's this a new computer case
something that goes along with it
nope just new just a case open it up
let's see yes Mel it I love smelling new
rubber things
it smell good good baby sir here's your
receipt mommy
yeah mommy your gear right seat smell I
smell have a smell do you like it it's
pink I don't know if you wanted pink or
Sephora
alright here's the real present that's a
fake present I want to smell it need
some scissors it was like a little
rabbit inside so Solis often said yeah
I remember when I this is your very
first computer oh that's like your
computer you excited like I'm not gonna
do anything else oh great no more
laundry beam dumb
hey girls guess what mom I just got a
new computer now it's your job to do the
laundry
go wash daddy's underwear I need some
clean ones
no yeah you can't clean Daddy's
underwear that gross what time is it
mowing time baby oh yeah you get your
mowing shoes on that's what I like to
see so glad I bought him a stereo system
so now he has to mow the lawn I don't I
actually like doing it but not all the
time especially when it's 93 degrees out
what time is it Sun tarde
you sound so excited it's not so excited
you got your shovel at you you don't
you're not excited but Dad why do I have
to do work it's hot out here old you put
you hey Kimberly see that shirt do you
like that shirt turn around
whose shirt is that huh that's daddy's
old soccer shirt you know that right you
knew that hey baby chard you want to
clean up the poop when you grow up
you're gonna be able to poop scoop scoop
poop where's your bucket dog hey where's
your bucket
oh he took it nothing gets in here dude
he has a different bucket look like you
were floating what are you singing he's
singing that song Shay Carl and the Shay
tardo you sing it let me hear you sing
it come on go being shy sing it you
Butthead hey guys you haven't seen it
yet um go check out the new video by the
station
I didn't even know they were gonna do
that actually they made a you know how I
did the other day with little pictures
that I put together for that song they
put like a nice wedding together with
videos and stuff Oh My heck feels so
much better in this house seriously 100%
better go check out link in my pants
link in my pants link in my pants like
in my pants new station video and it's
really good made mommy turn cry check it
check it one time it's 81 degrees in
here right now but it is cooling off
it's gonna take a little while to cool
down but it does feel better in here
already getting warmed up he's got his
cleats on I'm surprised you're not
slipping everywhere got a big football
game coming up
you guys gonna cheer for him how many
touchdowns you gonna score um I was
thinking I'll get four touchdowns and
four flags for gudge films why don't you
try that's not very many Oh watch me I'm
sinking I get 10 I get 10 touchdowns and
ten flag 10 touchdowns and 10 flags okay
and if you don't then I get to punch you
in the face okay no pressure you're
gonna do good no matter how many you get
what do you want I'm going to film hey
okay
grab a bomb okay you fill me
strawberries she tell myself there got
film her
there we go
some card might be getting the ball here
I don't know what the play is go so
don't go go go go go
cut it upfield go go go go
hey this the kids whoa dude I am such a
good dad
Tracy that g-money
baby tarts down her calling in life
she's gonna run the sideline James hey
hey dude sweet game man good job
okay go buy your coach clothes in your
coach go hey you better leave that alone
you're gonna get in trouble by the
referees
what are you guys doing baby tire is
fighting to stay away are you beating
your brother up no listen baby girl what
are you doing
burn sister don't be dumb oh just a
little bit more at Costco and Mama's
heart is taking some shirts back that
she just got and these guys are beating
heck out of each other in the back seat
hi Ike I just moved in me dude I just
can't be comfortable it does not look
comfortable she's gonna wake up with a
crick in her neck a little break in her
net in Chi baby tard baby tard
hey hey snoring tard wake up we're home
we're home
hey you okay you sleepy cuz I get out my
face
punks okay leave her look come on bug
can come on to Lebanon daddy taught to
bring this fake old baby up in here
trying to give me this counterfeit milk
yeah slap you
