family and deep
well it's time to leave the beautiful
cabin by cabin there's a lot of fun
thanks for all your warm hospitality and
comfort that the trailer hooked up we're
ready to head back home what a couple
three days that was a lot of fun a lot
of fun hope you guys enjoyed the little
camping vlogs but now it's time to get
back to real life you guys have to work
hard and comment on this I don't know
fun what was your favorite part
baby talk you better not be sucking your
thumb you better not be Oh your favorite
part princess card that was fun baby
target was your favorite part Sun
turnabout you know it's fun huh and you
played a lot of air hockey with Logan
didn't you
you even got hit in the face a couple
times yeah we're we're roughing it hard
for some reason the air hockey table
like the puck would like come off the
table a lot and send partisan send card
sent our guts smacked in the face a few
times but he is tough gonna be a hockey
player huh son card already missing some
teeth
alright we should we should leave a link
to this place where you can get it and
people who come stay here would that be
cool I don't know if anybody would it's
really not very expensive you guys we
paid two hundred and fifty dollars a
night
stay in this cabin if you have you were
to stay in a hotel room like a like a
$250 a night hotel room there's no way
you would get as much stuff you know a
full kitchen washer and dryer hot tub
your own you know it's almost sleep ten
twelve people in there yeah your own
little it's like an acre and a half fire
pit for 250 bucks a night as a
do I don't know maybe I'll leave a link
down here if you guys wanted to stay in
the cabin how many people stay there oh
yeah I mean we had 11 people there
serious stop they should pay us we're
really promoting them well right
okay so we were just talking the kids
are starting to fall asleep as we're on
the road me and mommy tried we're
talking about our lives about what we're
gonna do with our lives
kind of stuff and we're like ten years
from now I'll be 40
she'll be 38 years old and high we're
like oh wow we're behold and then we're
like sun's hard will be 16 princess hard
will be 15 and baby tarde will be 13
we're gonna have three teenagers 13 15
and 16 no we're just like because have
his driver's license and Princess are
just beginning their driver's license
then baby tarde is gonna look up to
princess card probably so much cuz she's
16 it's just start going on days just
crazy and then that song comes on baby
and then the song Forever Young I wanna
be forever and it's almost like you want
to just pause this moment in time you
know when they're so young and sweet and
innocent and I just me and mommy both
this imagine eating like fast wording
ten years in up on a road trip
ten years is like not a big deal for us
like you know I'll be 40 I won't I
probably be that much different
yeah but when you think of it and the
kids terms like oh they'll have their
their iPods that are just been injected
into their ears because that's how iPods
are a manager
you just feel like a little a water
micro tastes like a water droplet
it'll get an iPod water droplet you'll
drip it in your ear and then you'll be
able to turn up the music with your
earlobe I'll be like turn your earlobe
phones off they'll be in the back they
won't listen to us
they'll be teenagers lovey listen to
their new Justin Bieber rap album
because just favors in the Gulf like a
dark sign I'll become like a man like an
M&M /jc with of like murder ten people
so be like really hardcore gangster rap
by then be like you know those are that
Justin Bieber are you you know you
murdered three people last month
no just gonna be crazy okay the time
thinking about the future
