follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
oh right it is another morning the
freshness oh it's beautiful you can hear
the birds chirpin up in the trees the
Sun peeking through oh so I just
uploaded my video it took three hours to
upload cuz the Internet's not very fast
but it made it I can't believe it made
it I was like there's no way this is
gonna work it literally it literally
took three hours to upload just a quick
update on stop let's go we're camping
look I saw it for a few minutes huh oh
okay so you ready yeah we're gonna go
look at fishes you guys I was just gonna
say when you first upload a video I know
it's ridiculous to have to say this cuz
there's so many of you but I really
genuine anything really you think
there's new people who don't understand
that when you first upload a video to
YouTube it's bad quality that is a big
crowd right there we are to place a
spring school machine is not allowed
shut up you're not getting anything
that's so true off of what was that
Finding Nemo and the seagulls like mine
mine hit every connect see those dude
son turkey seals fish huge huh these
seagulls are trying to still yeah it's
true they're scavengers baby tard that's
some cute camping hair aunt Carly made
for you you feeding the birds you
feeding the birds
yeah the birds are eating all the food
the fish I don't getting any of it I've
only seen two meet one of the things
with they're not hungry
maybe they maybe they know that this is
cancerous food and that the birds are
gonna cancel the annoying
seagulls dad's chasing the seagull
we're trying to talk Logan it's not
being such a wuss there's some glitter
in this nice stream and we want him to
get in there and get it out River
freaking River call it's freakin Creek
geez
sexy mamacita walking down the wooden
path in the full rest what it's a
boardwalk whoo I'm the boardwalk in the
middle of the woods
so me and mommy tarde were talking last
night like this is so fun and I was
riding the four-wheeler with the kids
yesterday and princess card was
pretending like she was Superman flying
through the air mass mommy's her last
night as her laying in bed I'm like do
you think our kids will remember this
experience like this trip this camping
trip I don't know if they will because
you know they're four or five and I try
to think back I mean I have a few
memories when I was four or five but not
many so it's kind of discouraging like
what sucks they're not gonna remember
this this is so fun but what we decided
is that it's more than the memories but
things like this trips like this do is
just build this foundation inside the
kids like of togetherness and and family
and the strength of family and being
together and just having a good time
even though they might not remember the
fish they caught or the s'mores they
made or writing the four-wheelers like
the experiences like these have being
together and just experiencing life and
new things is what I think really
strengthens a person so that is what oh
we've been here two minutes in there all
naked in the water I hope you guys
remember this when you grow up being
nudists that's what that's what we're
going for here anyways we're having a
blast hello baby bird hi mami turd all
right karlie turd hi Logan turtle
hey grandma tard this is annoying dart I
go
cool it's like the reverberation bounces
to the trees mommy tried to put
sunscreen all in hurt and the creases of
her hair she's getting too much Sun you
having fun uh-huh
baby tired sometimes as the most
adorable things she just goes we're
walking up here on this little trestle
bridge daddy you know what she was are
you happy yeah I'm happy
are you happy she goes yeah okay check
this out and you can see fish 2 down
here what this used to be is this used
to be an old railroad track call it a
trestle bridge but yeah the railroad the
Train used to run all down through here
but now it's just like a big trail you
can ride motorcycles on it's pretty
sweet there's like a little dock you put
canoes and stuff and we might rent a
boat later and float down the river
we're upright in the trails so I'm a
little spice right now we go up to this
little trestle bridge or Carly and my
dad saw a moose earlier we're gonna stay
we can see a moose and see their Logan
Amani turn behind us yeah all right
there they go
on the end the baby tarde well should we
go
you like scary stuff you don't like
monsters be like doing crazy stunts okay
we'll go up those over the hills
what slop jump the things to jump to go
up and down crap be a lobster tomorrow
starts everything
over that hill are you serious
I don't know if I'm mommy's heart filled
out this she like giggles the whole time
really she likes yeah I don't like the
Cleveland it's going over the top
do you like adrenaline baby Chardon yeah
no baby tart and I are a little bit more
on the safe side
for what this gully
Oh
Oh golly
nice this is called Eagle Ridge and
what's on top of the pole yes that is a
real eagle and we're here it evil rich I
think I should go and see if I can get a
little closer shot for you guys okay
here's the real physical don't be scared
evil Ridge you guys a light moment just
happened my daughter guess is the same
thing that I did when I was her age
mom tell the story you're riding on
horses with your grandpa you and your
brother Katie and they're a bunch of the
lambs in the field if you're riding
horses and we lived in Phoenix at the
time and you go look grandpa camels my
dad said Lori we need to get these kids
out of the city okay
flash-forward 30 years we're just
driving out here in the prairie plains
of Idaho and we see cows and baby tired
goes look daddy elephants and that is
how the generations came together in
misunderstanding of common livestock so
here we are we're out here looking
because we want to live out here one day
so we're like where's the for sale signs
so you buy a line out here you can live
out here wouldn't that be amazing
there's a rainbow realty get this call
I'll be sure to help you drive around
and get ya you
we have the stock of give us like $1000
or Walmart so you live off of it
okay you guys we're definitely ready
this is definitely the neighborhood and
the wilderness that there's two antelope
in this front yard they yeah they're
antelope why right in the front front
yard of that house yeah look at that
sunset - honey we got to buy a lot in
here we need the best fun the lot first
that's a nice lot look at these
mountains
so I want to talk to you about something
real quick look at my face
it's my face okay telling its burn baby
can't you see
yeah I got a lot of Sun I might borrow
real stuff today but I gotta tell you
something if you like there's just new
interactive video coming out on this
station it's probably up right now if
you're watching this video if you liked
why it's crazy it's a weird game it's an
interactive how do I just rappin it's an
interactive Twilight old style video
game and you guys gotta go check it out
if you like Twilight go check it out
it's pretty that's pretty cool okay
tokens back here doing this is Bieber
shake shaking this Bieber hair tomorrow
we'll copy this is the last of the
updates of the stereo okay I'm going
into the dark now caballo see you
tomorrow
