follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
nice ladies carry the camping goods
what is all this mom's it's all our food
all the food you guys are doing a great
job
I'm filming men film women carry heavy
things don't you know you ready to go
dude all right
got enough Pepsi to last us through the
millennium good job mom this camping
trip is sponsored by Pepsi
just kidding it's not send me money
though check it out they got as much
junk on their trailer as we do
they got jet skis though probably got
four-wheelers they got everything and
coal junk cheese you guys are bring food
yeah lots of food
excited yeah you looking super hot this
morning can I just say that out loud
right now yeah you're looking super
duper on sdh firm oh the old MT today
doesn't she look at sdh for the old MT
SuperDuper hot mami tarde for the old
mommy tired eh mg right there that's a
tattoo you should get on your own full
fun okay so we're just talking about
those horns I should put my head up so I
let that clean it out we're talking
about those words have at the World Cup
where they call the bull mooses I don't
know how you pronounce of Elvises
this is something anyways and we're how
do you pronounce we don't know how to
pronounce it and we're like it's a
female body part of Viva vulva or
something and somebody google that for
us nevermind wait I think we've we've
matched our quota for areas down there
talking about kids we put them in in
driving mode give them all three roofies
each they should be out for the next 36
to 48 hours this is me the best camping
trip ever
Carly just showing me a magazine of a
naked girl I think it's Cosmo watching
of Charles and Ally's video from
yesterday we totally got you guys I
don't know what we were just I think
we're talking on the phone is there some
of you who are always like Shay Charles
your video was like within one second of
being the exact same length and Samia
Charles like wouldn't it be fun if we
got the shades TC fxe tard van crew
together so we got the same title and
thumbnail and length of video and stuff
like that so me and Charles were last
night we're on the phone and texting
like okay how long should we do we're
gonna do it 14 minutes like would it be
more funny if it was like 40 no to some
random time we both made our videos
14:02 when we edit it but on the little
on the thumbnail when you look at it
like in the bottom right hand corner you
see the time I kind of mostly YouTube
videos and it went to 1403 but the
actual videos are 1402 so it's really
weird like I don't it's a glitch or
whatever but us
you to think so me and Charles the daily
vloggers we tricked you guys got you
neener neener we are almost the base of
the mountain where we will drive up into
the trees into the camping area good
news so far the little air card is
playing the video like before able to
watch the video I'm wondering as we get
up into the mountains how well it'll
work so if you're watching this vlog
right now that guess what it works ok
here we are you guys like it
we're pulling in to where we're gonna be
camping there's a that's Logan's new
motorcycle years I'm sure we'll be
seeing plenty of news daddy's happy you
guys guess what this cabin has waterless
they're unpacking all the coolers and
stuff I'm setting up my little home base
here you know got all my technology good
to go
yeah there's like truly like wireless
here so I didn't have to use my car so
you got good news here we've seen a lot
more of my mom she's white freaking gin
head of a Munna sick heaven
he's on a season here's what I see I
hear this is pretty freakin sweet so
this is the entry like these
I know to miss the dogs hey guys young
fun up there what are you doing son
tower what are you doing you guys want
to see the best part about this cabin
my buddy philip defranco would be super
jealous check it out
air hockey in the cabin huh Phil
surprisingly I don't know this about
Phil what nice shot
Vail is probably one of the best air
hockey players I've ever played funny
little quirky thing about Phil he's a
Dane good air hockey player here's the
deck there's the trees awesome we're
definitely not roughing it that's for
sure we got an air hockey table we got
wireless internet and we're out in the
middle of nowhere it's like the best if
you don't like air hockey then I guess
you could always play a little foosball
if you want it's got everything here's
the bathroom
I feel like this is like the remember to
find a Hollywood for the first time it
was like okay there's a bathroom shower
never to go down the stairs open this
what I love how open it it is big
windows so this is going out to the
front deck there's a barbecue er got a
bunch of chairs and blam look at that a
hot tub how's the water Phil is it warm
is it put your hand in there see if it's
warm did you turn the bubbles on good
job dude taking in our luggage you're
the bellboy welcome sup dawg
yeah well not right now let's wait till
later let's to decide what we're gonna
do first oh here we go
you have fires down here there's like
these benches they're built out of wood
some old chairs and logs and stuff to
sit on be roasting marshmallows making
s'mores right they're making some hot
dogs we got some marshmallow roasting
sticks we're here man
we're a camping freakin love it the best
camping trip I've ever been on
so we've only been here for 20 minutes
have fun loving it no flashing no
flashing I found where I'm sleeping see
a little lean-to right there put the
sleep under there okay
we are out I don't like this ain't old
Corey or something these used to just be
big piles of gravel but now everybody
with a four-wheeler and the motorcycle
comes out here and just drives all over
them so Logan wants me to film I'm doing
these sweet jumps it's beautiful out
here man clouds are looking gorgeous the
Sun side behind there this is the fresh
meadow I will be running through here
naked later on after I condition my
beard it's gonna be it's gonna be
glorious all right here comes Logan
hi mister evel knievel okay guys ready
for this this isn't me printed some
pretty sweet cinematography I'm gonna
try to get as close to him as I can okay
huh yeah you did what happened there
yeah I did it hurt Oh dog yes ripped up
I'm a writer
get some chicks I'm a writer do you
totally all right you guys look what
uncle Logan did
isn't that cool what's cool you guys
kiss it better please that hurt so bad
we kiss it better
there mustn't marshmallows we're
roasting marshmallows hey everybody
we're roasting marshmallows hey hey hey
we're camping in the woods that roasted
marshmallow thing this is gross about my
mom and my sister is they love to pop
zits all that hurts the pain is
agonizing well I get to get the head of
it that's what she can't but no I'm you
can say it's only stuff injure camping
she looks very concerned I would imagine
I'm in a war in the medieval times I
just got my leg cut off by the Prince
okay turn the camera off you you you and
you all inappropriate every sit down
you're on time out load out hold it over
the fire
because I'm finally making s'mores
princess are let's see that smart he got
baby tard your birth in here marshmallow
pull it out baby I pull it out this is
some very rookie s'mores building
process Carly with it
baby tart you're doing a good job that
finds its way close it's hot you're such
a you just fixed your hair because I
turn the camera on you're such a liar
did you see that I pull out a camera and
he does the Bieber shake okay ready play
Hey Oh what's up Carly how's it going oh
it's on you know do the Bieber shake
shake this one we're uploading I will
thank you in the face yeah it's the same
Logan crash we're camping what are we
doing we made a video today for Logan's
Channel I said yes he just logged on to
his account and there's last three my
last three videos he has a watch and I
started yelling at him and I said you're
my brother you watch every one of my
videos thumbs up and favorite and
comment on every one of them I do this
is trouble look what happened okay I
blowed your videos we you guys be
watching for a new Logan Mackay video
coming soon look it's uploading right
now guys ready what do you got
got your sleeping bags or getting ready
to go to bed our first night of camping
is over what was your favorite part wait
first I got a No are you guys having a
good time are you having fun what's the
funnest part let's all go and name our
favorite part that's your favorite part
okay what about you princess start
you saw a bat tonight huh they went on a
four-wheeler ride and with Carly and a
bat was flying by and were you scared
you think I was gonna bite you okay
what's your been for your favorite part
oh I wish a Disneyland
I think she said Disneyland we'll have
to replay the tape but I think she goes
Disneyland
she loved Disney well maybe we'll move
back to California you can go to
Disneyland okay
when we left to come today baby tart
actually was stati a butter Blackie
that's a moth it's a month just daddy
are we going to Disneyland that's like
no baby I just said the cutest thing
ever
so what's been your favorite part of the
camping trip and she got me land boy
we're roughing it aren't we we're really
roughing it aren't we guys mommy tard do
you have the flint and steel
if the flint instill in here oh no
that's the washer and dryer where's the
flint and steel I want to start a fire
dang it
well Thunder dropping oh yes and sleep
on the floor in a sleeping bag now
you're camping don't open that there's
not a TV and VCR in there there's not
that's where we keep our firewood all
right and this is where the girls are
sleeping we got we got a mattress that's
on the floor so they're kind of they're
kind of roughing it mom and dad
where's Rock Tarts liepman oh this is
this is rock cards bets so we're kind of
rough but we all have to sleep in the
same room son tar has to lay on the
floor in a sleeping bag rocked our nuts
asleep in his chair car seat I mean
mommy don't get a king-size bed what I'm
so mad
now
