follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
okay come on do it right now
do it Donovan this is the last there's
like a minute there's it's over
basically there's like seconds left I
think this is the reason this is the
reason why soccer is a more popular it's
so frustrating
it's like nail-biting to watch this oh
I'm gonna have an ulcer she's out of my
league ooh son hey what are you doing
over here she hold Mommy's support in
his head you're being super careful he
looks like he's having a grand old time
bubby Dawg what's going on Oh keep your
finger my face
being careful be super careful okay
good big sister what Oh bless you okay
as for his head remember his neck
muscles aren't very strong as a head
will flop around like a rag doll I know
about rag dolls I've buried a few in the
backyard myself
he just lounges out here in the Sun
boring bumpy oh no come on hi
hi how's it go Mozart be making the
other disks flats to do the things that
shoot out of there oh well god
guaranteed those were lost in the first
three hours you had that toy so mommy's
heart is making Stouffer's you've made
the noodles she slaughtered the cow for
the beef and she made the cheese she
milked the goat for the cheese and
lasagna she even grew all this lettuce
out in her own garden you know what you
are rock tard your trouble your big
trouble
it even says it on your shirt trouble a
cause or source of distress that's what
you are you're distressed in a lot of
people you know that little guy oh do
you love him you give him kisses mmm oh
he loves you he's so cute
what are you guys talking about in here
it's not dazzling they call it
vajazzling
yeah I would say they're gonna have like
soccer squad what's up good I can kick
my kids but now with money now we're
doing gymnastics
okay balance tada got a big job for you
you ready this is just one step and you
becoming a man okay I'm gonna back up my
truck and I'm gonna back it up to this
trailer come here there's a little ball
on the back of my truck all right that
ball goes in this hole you see this hole
right here I'm gonna take this lock off
and I'm gonna back the truck up and you
watch you have to look at me I'm gonna
be watching you through the rear view
mirror and you have to say closer or
move this way or move this way but your
job get me to move that little ball
right underneath this so that the ball
can go inside that get it okay let's try
this okay here we go house should be
interesting to see how centaur does he's
actually dancing okay ready
here we go wait take the emergency brake
off okay I'm just watching you give me
hand signals
okay you gotta tell me before I hit the
trailer though okay
as I'm coming back I'm gonna come back
slow and you have to watch where the
ball is going and tell me before I get
there all right okay let me see your
hands tell me which way to go
which way okay tell me talk to me it's
all about communication here how close
right there okay let's see how you did
okay how'd you do well you're a little
off see this ball needs to be right
underneath that it's alright good thing
daddy can lift the trailer up it was
just it was just an exercise good job
thanks for helping this is why I am so
glad that we have this trailer I know I
don't hardly ever use it but the once or
twice a year that we do use it it is
like the best thing ever to have and
because we don't have any debt I don't
have any payments on it so I don't have
to worry about selling it or it's a big
deal to keep it it just sits here and
then when we need it we have it and it's
so nice to have we can just throw all
the crap in here when we go camping and
we'd have to worry about it okay
so the motorcycle goes first here we go
okay film me let's go back go back over
there let's go back okay brick just
artist filming hi everybody
so what does spring start okay this is
princess time and I will be vlogging the
motorcycle transfer
okay this is a weird moment I really
flick it dad right now and that sounds
weird because I'm obviously a dad out
for kids but like any any time where I
start doing something that reminds me of
a previous time in my life like packing
the trailer to go camping this was my
dad's job you know to get all the all
the gear loaded up it was like you know
we helped for sure like we'd get stuff
my dad was in charge of this operation
you know we got the bikes got the
motorcycle hooked up we got extra gas we
got fishing poles
I'm bringing the longboard just I don't
know why I just I have a feeling there's
a road that we might be able to do
something with that and I imagine these
straps and a motorcycle might also have
something to do that I don't know we'll
see what happens but we're staying in a
nice cabin but I'm still bringing the
tent and the sleeping bags because I
think it'll be cool for me and Sun time
mostly cabinets for the girls and for
mommy tart and the baby I think me and
Sun tarde are gonna sleep out in the
tent that'll be really cool to like set
up our sleeping bags and stuff like that
so it's weird I just I feel like well
this is really like a dad things that
I'm doing right now and it's weird
because I'm still young father I'm like
wow this is what my dad used to do it
now I'm doing it hey stop cause you're
not having this talk with it's funny to
tell us about your camping experience
that's a bit too much for Saturday
enough for me to bring it down a couple
of I would be loading the boat we won't
be loading the cooler right now this
this is like this is like happened in
your what is my vlogging okay so here's
the contest
that's what here's the contest Best
Picture submission into the contest
it's not the contest is pictures of you
at the best spot in the law here the
rules you have to be in the picture your
car has to be in the picture you kind of
want to show that you're parking in the
good spot at wherever you're at a
restaurant or whatever it's not all
about who gets the best spot a lot of
you a lot of years were saying like poof
pregnant people away in or handicapped
people win it's not necessarily about
who's closest to the store that is a
major point of it but the bet the what
I'm looking for is the most creative
she's throwing kids toys out the window
the most creative you can make a shirt
this is best spot in the while you can
make a sign whatever use your
imaginations there's almost no rules
except for I mean no full nudity partial
nudity is okay no
it is I'll get eyes she hit the window
she tried to throw us up okay so the
deadline is um
the deadline is when we come back from
camping Tuesday farming Tuesday at noon
okay that's deadline Tuesday at noon and
I'm not gonna do it
what x oj will do to 2 p.m. eastern time
zone on tuesday - 2 - okay pretty
nervous isn't there something ok is
there any questions I think we have to
be funny anyways and then oh here's the
thing we're gonna do it's gonna be
contest but will also get nicepeter to
make a funny little song like best spot
in the lot I got the best spot Anila and
then we'll use all of your guys's
pictures as a music video he just
watched ok so submit your pictures be as
creative as possible let's see what you
guys come up with oh I'm gonna leave a
place under here to send emails then do
you guys feel like you're good at that
it's like what's a compliment it's just
general consensus I think people get
sticks like this and they start doing
stuff like this and they're like have
forgotten a stick and done that look I
feel like every time I get one of these
I'm like please leave incarnate and
nobody knows okay so oh it was nice
gonna say um contest email um I have
somebody helping me you can send all the
pictures to this same email so be an
email link below okay
