follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
excuse me baby turn can I just ask you a
real quick question are you the cutest
two-year-old in all of existence mm-hmm
you are so precious look at you little
you little worthless called Crocs it's a
crock of crap yeah we better stretch
stretch then well Scott it get it there
she always wants to shut the door oh
just in time okay so um the dude at the
motorcycle shop just called me and he
said that my I've got the keys and he
said that the motorcycle is done I'm so
pumped because it's so busy right now
with fourth of July weekend coming up
that everybody's taking their
motorcycles and four-wheelers and to get
fixed so they can ride them and I went
in I took my biking yesterday it needs a
new battery and it needs a tune-up and I
said I there any way you can have it
done so I could buy this Sunday cuz
we're going up to island park is where
we're going it's right by Yellowstone
and he's like no he's like we want to
have it done for I probably two weeks
we're backed up and I said I'll pay
extra and he's like no I can't do that
and then he goes so you just called me
it up right now I think he thought I
would like some extra money
extra battery love you bye
KLR 650
want to hear a roar
yeah oh baby law get on a motorcycle
probably not very safe but a blob
animate sunglasses my eyes are getting
wind damage to keep it near me right now
this is awesome
those are executing for you get them
thank you all right look at that oh my
goodness
can't see it I wish this camera was
better it's like hiding by oh there it
is
so gorgeous I love it hey guys it's nice
night out so we need to get air
conditioning in our house spray can't
see me but it is so hot inside of our
house cuz it's getting like 90 degrees
feels good though at night it feels so
good I love coming out here in water in
the lawn and just hanging out are you
talking to so thanks for subscribing you
guys to Cali Cali more music the mommy
tarts sister she just called and she's
like I keep refreshing the page every
two seconds I'm so excited
I've picked you 100 subscribers so thank
you guys you have made her night she
called mom eat are just like ecstatic
what you tell me to shut up Carly right
macaroni little man sleepin sleepin oh
kids are in bed and just chilling tryin
to get all the kids wound down you know
I'm saying you think we should just call
him sleepy tired sleepy tired that's
pretty much it's Rangers in the night
exchanging glances strangers in the
night okay you guys I want you guys to
try something can you do this
it's so stupid
this I was watching some video tonight I
think his name was obviously been Hughes
he was I don't know why he was doing
this but he asked people on his videos
like ok let's see you guys can do this
and it's like you know can you do that
like you're like you're speaking Spanish
ruffles have ridges and then this blow
and combine them and do it at the same
time try it you're not too cool try it
right now ready I was watching this
video and he was doing this and I'm
sitting here alone and my wife goes what
are you doing I'm like I'm trying this
thing with kids do it on the Internet so
I thought you guys should try it see if
you can do it don't be too cool for
school ok I want to share a song with
you guys my buddy nicepeter he does
pretty much all of the music work for us
at the station he sent me this song
about a week ago and I loved it and it's
like we've been rocking out to it I
haven't um shared it with you guys yet
because there's like a million things
that I've wanted to do with it I thought
about having a contest and and all this
stuff making like a real good music
video but tonight I just it's 4:35 and
night and I just been reading a lot of
comments and a lot of things on Twitter
and I just like tonight's a good night
to share it okay so I want you guys to
hear this song um and Peter is such a
stud he's so he's so good it just makes
these songs like out of the blue and I
really like this song and I suck editing
you guys that's a little secret about me
you don't know I am NOT a good editor
you have all these these people on
YouTube that are freaking amazing
editors you know that make all this
stuff I don't edit very well I can talk
to the cameras about the only thing I
can do so I'm gonna try to edit this
little thing together I've got a bunch
of pictures that I just pulled off
Twitpic and I'm gonna put it to this
song it's not good maybe you guys can
make a better one you could take the
song and make a better video but it's
not anywhere online yet so go subscribe
to Peter I'll put his lean
my pants and then I'll talk to him about
getting maybe I must website you could
download this song but I'm gonna be cool
if I you know some of you guys were a
lot better at editing could make you
know it differently these videos but
here's my little version and without
further ado it talking about it here's
the song thank you thank you to all the
people you guys who support us and you
get it and you come back every day and
you're a part of our lives and means a
lot to us because you know at times it's
if it can feel overwhelming but we know
that what we're doing is unique and it's
helping a lot of other people out there
okay so thank you guys so much
what to do I sit down my computer to see
what you have done so far today it's
just nice see reality
just a cool family be good to each other
people
terribly
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is
you've become an adjective of your own
it means something between extra-large
and do check out the Shaista pretzel boo
I'm so tired
you're a regular but you try
to be someday
Oh shame
in the shade
Oh
