we're alive on the earth ladies and
gentlemen we are alive on the earth
freedo stars are stars red or white a
better bottom do you know me
what's up your belt okay alright here we
are the Washington Monument look who's
coming home for the night President
Barack Obama and his Navy helicopters
hey welcome home president that's pretty
cool
can you imagine being the president and
coming home from work like that with in
a helicopter being escorted to another
helicopter that has machine guns and
missiles on it
oh what a beautiful world we are
privileged to be a part of we're live on
the earth ladies and gentlemen we are
alive on the earth helicopters because
the last two times that he's come to Los
Angeles I've been at my buddy Qasim G's
house and those things fly right over
and you can tell when Obama's birds were
in the air anyways the last time I was
here was at playlist live DC with
Charles Trippy and the whole tricks and
crew oh and you were here and I missed
you and I wanted you to see this lovely
fight now you're here to see it my
camera the Lighting's great right now
dark right now the lighting is amazing
look at the moon look at the obelisk
look at our cheese okay we're gonna go
see Lincoln I did not get to see the
Lincoln monument last time how did I
miss an opportunity to share a moment
with my bearded brother I don't know dad
let's go look at we've gone through the
red and white and blue alert Marshall
note and triumphal tan Liberty extend
its mighty hand of flag appears meat
done roosters dance the banner of the
Western land of aloni
emblem of the freed our stars are stars
red or white blue red white blue wear my
starry blue is freedom shield and hope
or the nation Barry bus stand true yes
all right I'm done I never appreciated
this marble last time I was here
look at these marble benches I want to
turn the camera off but it's just kind
of too pretty you know this is one of
those you just got to look at it moments
you know I'm saying speaking of pretty
boom you cannot be angry if you're
grateful if you truly think about what
you're most grateful for you cannot be
angry try it even if it's just a little
thing that rip all right well these kind
of look like they need to be slid on
that's actually impressive is shaycarl
is Lance mountains coming on
yeah she said get it girl
she said get it girl but I'm a guy you
got it no let's see Ava oh that's a
gigantic cement pillar coming out of the
ground yeah that's cool view huh
Collette just found a nice bench to sit
on ha just kidding we were at your house
today
okay I'm shooting this clip after
everything that you're about to see
right now I want you to do me a favor
when you see the name of a state just
say out loud the first thing that you
think of when you think of that state
okay here we go judge well so now I'm
gonna make them do it too so if anybody
is offended they'll see that they maybe
have said similar things and they'd be
like oh yeah I guess photos look what I
think about what they're gonna take all
right what state are you from huh you
from Texas are you from Michigan huh
give us a shout out of here from
Michigan
hey the show-me stayed show me some
comments Alabama
Bam Bam Bam and my SSI SSI PPI yeah I
can spell it of course I can but oh
we're usually Ana I was in Shreveport
Louisiana once on a gambling boat we saw
a million dollars there once to
Tennessee to Vermont love their syrup
North Carolina we live there Morrisville
Raleigh Virginia never been there never
been there
South Carolina right above North we know
where it's at Massachusetts nope
Georgia Georgia we were there at the
airport that's where I got my suit
Pennsylvania Avenue that's where we were
today 1600 Penn not Idaho we lived there
once there's a lot of trees there too
West for my taste
hoho corn I am now gonna offend a bunch
of people who live in these places
hey Hank green oh
Frias state of idaho state of idaho it
represents where our children are right
now this is this is the state that holds
our babies we love you this is the place
if you ask me though I don't believe in
borders I believe we are all God's
children and God does not have borders
God's not like you go to stay in your
state you guys stay in your state do you
believe in God I do so go to hell no
Fletcher
all 50 states represented here in this
really cool setting it's a giant circle
there's a fountain in the middle of it
we just felt privileged to be here and
there's a long shot of the Washington
Memorial gorgeous even Arizona used to
live in Phoenix never been to Oklahoma
howdy Hank green what's over here
Washington that's where we're at right
now DC my gambling college basketball I
mean the salsa a cheese don't be
offended I'm just saying whatever comes
to my mind maybe it's a stereotype I
don't know you you know me
what's up they bounce okay don't talk to
strangers but I'm not a stranger
his parents are compete us up I know you
from YouTube wahoo do that that is
that is so cool
that kids telling his mom yeah I watch
him on YouTube wait who is it display on
you too I watch you all the time
kind of get a picture we'll really nice
do I get a picture with us you want
thank you - gonna be my vlog okay hi
yeah we got a picture he did he got not
shy and he came over all right let's get
something to try good to meet you guys
bye four score and seven years ago our
fathers brought forth on this continent
a new nation conceived in Liberty and
dedicated to the proposition that all
men are created he now we are engaged in
the great Civil War testing whether that
nation or any nation so conceived and so
dedicated can long endure we are met on
a great battlefield of that war
we have come to dedicate a portion of
that field as a final resting place for
those who here gave their lives that
that nation might live the world will
little note nor long remember what we
say here but it can never forget what
they did
but this nation under God shall have a
new birth of freedom and the government
of the people by the people for the
people shall not perish from these
thank their sorry Lincoln we slid down
your slide welcome home mr. and mrs.
Cutler hey does this place look familiar
that's where we just were you guys see
Lincoln in there that's where we just
were hanging out and look at him mr.
Benjamin Franklin you're on the hundred
and that was our time in Washington DC
what a cool experience to be at the
White House to meet Michelle Obama
well we actually didn't get to meet her
but we saw her and I've logged her so
that counts right come on guys right I
count six years seventy-nine totally
straight cards you guys know how this
works click on a video thanks for
watching uh yeah we're gonna have
another one up tomorrow cuz we're doing
these every day you know I'm saying hey
CVX live is an event in Orem Utah that's
coming up and March 25th and 26th if you
guys are in the Orem Utah area come
visit us and say hi we're gonna be there
the whole tricks and crew all Shaytards
and my brothers and sisters and that you
know that whole game cool all right I
gotta go love you guys I'm in New York
City finishing vlog you mentoree if you
didn't hear the official announcement it
is gonna premiere at the Tribeca Film
Festival on April 20th that's right the
movie is done almost I'm here in New
York finishing it right now but it will
premiere on April 20th at the Tribeca
Film Festival so stay tuned for that
excited alright let me I see tomorrow
bye
