follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
so mommy tards a little sister her
name's Callie more music here on YouTube
she's really good ever since I was
dating mommy tard
I remember Callie would be like Shay
come check out this new song I wrote
she's really good songwriter really
gonna play in the guitar and you guys
saw Mommy tarde in her you know singing
for oh you're so good the sisters they
get together and they're amazing they're
all really really good singers Callie
just she's a good songwriter and stuff
and she just did a Beatles cover - this
is one of my favorite Beatles songs
she's just starting upload videos so I
want you guys to go subscribe we should
get her at least mmm
5,000 new subscribers okay would that be
great who woulda never feared yes so
here's a little clip and the the video
work in this I was amazed she has she
had not sure who should do it but some
friends that she has down there oh it's
probably on the description anyways the
the camera work in this is amazing and
she's a really good
I love like hammock that's a great shot
with the Sun coming through the trees
really cool stuff okay so you guys go
check it out
link is in my pants honey your sisters
links in my pants what God subscribe you
guys
I put checks well this cash please wait
while we scan your checks and at
scanning the twenty dollar bills that I
put in I wonder if it'll put me out a
receipt cuz sometimes it'll print you
out a receipt of what your cheque looks
like I wonder if it'll put me out a
receipt of all of these I'm so stupid I
hit the wrong button
ah hey what's up dog thanks care you
know you're so tough get your seatbelt
on sucker
I really like the new ATMs they're
coming out with where you can deposit
cash with just the cash I don't know if
you guys have ever seen these you don't
have to have envelopes anymore which one
saves time saves paper one of the
biggest things always frustrated me is I
would have to deposit some cash and
there'd be no envelopes like all the
uploads would be gone I'd be like ah
he's so frustrated but now you can just
put a stack of 20s right in the ATM and
it counts them and adds them up I love
that what convenience technology is
bringing us good up top duck
well sure though do now let's go down
the alley and see if we can buy some
drugs gangsta huh
you are you are buying drugs weirdo
camping this weekend you excited you
might be you guys might be mad at us
we're gonna go camping
Sunday Monday and Tuesday and I'm
nervous that the internet won't work up
there so what if there's no videos for
three days here's me pissed gonna go
camping though I'm gonna bring my air
card and hopefully that'll work then I
can upload videos but if not you have to
go three days without video
where you go it's gonna be crazy
taking the truck number what is this
called taking the motorcycle to the shop
we're going camping I'm excited we're
gonna use this baby team green Kawasaki
650 KLR I love this bike I'm excited to
get it working again thank you for help
okay so we are headed to Sun Tarts
foosball game you gonna get some fun
it's a cute
touchdown princess art so we just I just
uploaded yesterday's video
that's called don't circumcise me bro
and there are some adamant people about
poor skin out there and serious you guys
user like piss I was actually just
reading I'm not gonna say whose comment
this is but this is what this Clement
says I honestly didn't know is that big
of a deal but according to a few of you
let me just read directly from this this
comment circumcision should be a crime
the hygiene excuse is a load of crap
parents who teach their kids to properly
take care of their bodies wouldn't have
to worry about it
the Shaytards just lost some of my
respect today we lost your respect what
do we got to do to lose all of your
respect we're gonna try whatever it is
we'll do it
maybe wish appears our daughters gears
that's actually one thing the mommy tart
is very conservative about she will not
let the girls pierce their ears tear
though how old 12 see the circumcision
thing is like it's more of a cultural
thing I think like I'm circumcised my
dad circumcised and my brothers are
circumcised and all my friends growing
up were circumcised I I don't remember
hardly seen any kids in my school that
weren't and it's not like I was looking
at a lot of PBS I'm like in the locker
room when I played sports you know that
six months I was gay I mean all those
I never I don't think I ever saw one
that was not literally all my friends
were all this is a weird conversation
yeah this is super super weird but the
kids who weren't like I never saw him
but the kids who weren't would get made
fun of they'd be called ant eaters or
carly was even telling us she knew a kid
who is called Myrtle the turtle this is
like the little head going into the
turtle and everybody called the Myrtle
the turtle cuz he wasn't circumcised and
I'm like you know especially because the
area that we live in or whatever it's
like it's hard enough to grow up as it
is being a kid so why would I want you
know my kid to have his ding-a-ling
different than everybody else's I don't
know you could there's a lot of things
you go into like well can't you be
different you have to follow the norms
of society yes I do because if these
here I don't know I really think it's
that big of a deal but apparently we
have lost some respect from some of you
people I am so sorry
what could we ever do to gain him back
we will glue that piece of spin back on
there okay we will get some superglue
some stitches you know whatever it takes
man we'll get your respect back just
just believe in us all right so enough
talk about skin we need it we need to
get some manliness on here I probably
was like the manliest conversation ever
literally quite literally actively
actually okay here we go
yeah six points for SunGard whoo now
asleep oh yeah I'm so proud my son just
scored his first touchdown you see that
that was awesome so glad I got my camera
and I wasn't gonna film it I was the
first play of the game but I did yeah
dude
good job you got like three flags and a
touchdown Jeff fun that's all that
matters right if you win good job you
get a really good game okay we're gonna
have a family race on your marks
princess dart is cheating look on your
marks get set go
run centaur down the lead with a
football
Larry come there on the backstretch and
a retard is coming lesson with mommy
towards uterus still feeling quite
unsettled she first walks guess what
yours all lost little tarred rock thar
desert in the first place hey no smiling
no stop it
I told you I confirm good job daddy I
call you I think I just gonna say dude
and dog and I called you dog hey here's
a real winner little guy he's asleep in
got my sweet sprinkler system oh that is
great right into the gutter that's sweet
hey Shay why don't you fix your
sprinkler you're wasting water you loser
what the economy what about the
environment what about global warming
what about the oil spill every second
you talk it's wasting more and more and
more lot I see you got some naked
dancing going on out there is that
you're the front
oh my gosh I cannot believe this is on
TV yeah I remember that I was like whoa
what is this who is this girl that I'm
dating and what is this freaking weird
dancing she's doing
Theater dance group this was a very
modern shoes that we were all a little
bit freaked out about you're wearing
like silk pajamas you are you're I hate
to say this that funny how you were fat
we're dating and I was skinny and now
it's switched okay so this is what is
this is public access TV yeah mommy
guard comes running downstairs there she
is
this is public access TV this is public
access TV and mommy tart is dancing in
her silk pajamas what's this one this is
one of the good things about living in a
small town is that they have this public
access TV and they don't have any
programming you know so they just
literally play like you people can
submit whatever they want into this
channel and I mean advise us on this was
eight years ago because we've been
married seven a half years I was at this
performance I'm I am sitting if I go
back in time if I give my flux capacitor
if I get Doc Brown and we get in the
DeLorean and I go back in time I am
sitting in this audience right now
dating my wife we are dating where we
engaged yet I don't think we were
engaged yet and I was like wow this girl
is into some weird dancing like okay I
mean I know I love her but this is weird
this is so crazy so funny she's on TV oh
yeah my mom just called mommy turn and
it was like you're on TV you know the
funny thing is is that this is on TV and
probably twelve people are watching it
and tomorrow and we upload it to the
Internet alka million people will be
watching it Internet
can't believe it this is eight years ago
and tonight we're seeing it but this one
was weird one I think today were wearing
like these black slips in this one and I
was kind of like it was like well what's
it called interpretive interpreter yeah
interpretive dance yeah
and I was like interpreting a lot of
things yeah it's just kind of weird it's
really fun show us your favorite move
move that we always do here's the move
your eyeballs like oh yeah this is so
crazy I remember me actually my mom and
sister were all at this performance and
we were watching it and like this chick
is on a pillar and she has these sashes
and then they're in these these black
slips and I remember my sister and my
mom looking at me like who is this girl
or who are you dating and why is she
doing this funky dance in lingerie
it was very crazy something yeah is a
college it was a college phase she was
my interpretive dance we need to get
some more interpretive dance on this who
wants to have a mommy tart interpretive
dancer she is right there we should get
a mommy tart interpretive dance channel
there's mommy Tara there Oh mommy tired
you're so hot I'm gonna marry you
I wish I could go to this performance
and go and walk up to myself in the seat
and say you're gonna marry that girl and
you're gonna have more kids with her
I've been like why'd you get so much
weight fat ass I woulda said to you I'd
listen to me if I walked into myself not
you oh it's okay if I caught myself that
means where are you at or yeah
your hair was shorter than little bit
shorter yes I remember this one I
remember thinking hey dang Gina okay so
enough of Mommy tart interpretive dance
you know we should do we should we
should get a copy of this and sell it
online
bye mommy tarts interpretive dance DVD
links in my weird sell thousands just
kidding we're not gonna sell them I'm
teasing alright see you guys tomorrow
I'll leave you I'll leave you okay I'm
gonna see her and watch it and if
something out school comes on there's
mommy turn again
what are you waving at Miss America wave
oh you're sexing your black slip why
don't you ever wear that anymore if
there's something else cool comes on
I'll show you guys okay goodbye I bet
you didn't know your mommy was gonna do
weird dances before she had you know
yeah mama with that dance around up
there on that rap slip like that it's
little bro bro yo dude it's oh mama
my name is rocked I know preciate that
slip dancing women special for my mama
don't stab me woman now get me that
nipple daddy go sit behind your computer
like you usually do I'm gonna headbutt
my my shoulder by your up give me some
ribs and garlic butter shrimp rock card
we're still looking for a voice for you
so we're gonna have to it's gonna it's
gonna be trial periods so we don't know
