just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
guys today is a big day for Little Rock
tarde he has an appointment with destiny
and father-son outing that me and rocked
harder going on because mom card won't
do it
I can't she says she feels too bad to
explain what's happening you know Rock
TARDIS get Tina's pp cut off today cut
off mom we have to go cut rock tarts PB
off he's getting circumcised um I assume
most of you know what that means maybe
you could google it you could Google
circumcise versus non circumcised
peepees make sure to have your parents
permission but uh why are we doing this
some people say why are you circumcised
- just leave it why do you think why are
we doing this well um a couple reasons
don't need to tell you yeah well hygiene
for one hygiene and TMI too much
information I am circumcised this is
getting really personal really fast what
do you think Rob tard
you know how much of a say in it you
look cute your little outfit matches
your car seat cutie pants you ready this
is a big day for you I'm sorry you guys
kiss your little brothers foreskin
goodbye
okay this is gonna day by we're going to
the doctor okay guys we are here in the
doctor and I have a question for you
what two things I feels like to me are
just universal that you will find in any
children's clinic any doctor's office
that kids go to what are two things that
will be in every single one of them
think about it leave in the comments
below what do you think positively right
now two things in every clinic let's
jump are you ready
number one one of these contraptions
with little balls and they move around
and all that that's that's pretty nice
woman I always see those and everyone
every waiting room I'm in next you
guessed it fish tank third cute babies
cute baby
that's the third wall you guys get any
right what's the two things I feel like
are in every single waiting room I've
ever been in for my kids fish tank and
one of these little ball puzzle things
okay all done
the polkas heal to get some blood
samples for tests you okay buddy I know
that sucked
well good news his belly button cord
fell off and made circumsized him a
beautiful view look at that rock tart
what a beautiful view out of your
hospital window that was pretty sad it
was pretty I felt bad they have this
little thing that they like strokes like
they tape his legs down on his arms down
so he kept kicking everywhere and he was
best he did not like it and this were
from system so he's not done hot done
hot done you okay you seem okay alright
let's go home and see mommy let's go see
mommy because if I'm not happy ain't
nobody happy
so it's true rock tight you're so good I
think you look cute
sassy they're currently you look cute
okay so mommy tard is going out for a
little girl time get a mani and a pedi
are you getting both are you really
gonna
depends on how how a little tart are you
taking rocky Roe Leto okay so you don't
think it my can't exactly your you have
take the camera and film with you okay
glad to stay here and watch the kids and
that's boring so you go you guys are
gonna go with mommy tart on girls night
you look my dad okay here you go
okay take them with you okay say goodbye
to che guys bye icarly style with
coloring in a pet I don't know I'm just
so money I always get I kind of look the
first my dad I think you should use that
way visit that's kind of fun I don't
think like you don't want to kill others
pretty boys miss Cinderella her dress
I just can't imagine that color being on
the nails he's excited eunuch I know I'm
already like falling asleep like yeah
Cheers
you know let them be here's my clothes I
got best color they're pretty red my top
you are tan learning to go back to go
for you yo yo that's pretty cool mom
you're doing I am think this he been out
I have to look at his feet every time I
think he's been sleeping the whole time
we had our pedicures so he's been a very
good baby okay
she goes well and some hot guy in the
background friend who's the hot guy and
we stock treats at the movie theater um
don't say that louder we snuck over to
the movie theater they're in here is my
pan whoa no I don't have the ins on page
no no freaking yes hey you know one of
these days we are gonna get them to see
your walk no oh gosh I would have done
here let me show you I do it the best
you gotta be the voice with it you have
to go oh I'm watching you have to do it
do it one time I'm real hyper but not
today and get all those treats inside of
her and after the movie we're gonna get
her to do the walk okay okay bye alright
LogMeIn I'm vlogging here Hagen okay so
we just got out of the back-up plan so
bunny oh Sh
so funny you guys realize that both of
oxygen your meds
Wow you got two of us don't judge
son I didn't your feet I know well then
I had my own candy but anyway maybe it
was just so funny because I just had a
baby but I feel like I was the one only
one of the theatres cracking up was so
loud
no the only ones with a Peter laughing
are people who have a had child's had
child Charles she did have type in with
child I'm with child
but you said that anyway yeah I laughed
a lot so if you haven't seen it go see
it wait would you say it's a chick flick
or would you say it's funny for
everybody it's if you've been married
had a baby it's funny yeah if you've
been married or had a baby or are
planning oh yeah it's funny
so anyway go see it it's on read right
now
oh hi how's it going
they ever tell you guys about the time I
wrestled up a hundred wild horses down
in El Paso Texas it was a great time I
am frightened do anything to help you
that that is if you're German and we got
to get on camera I'm saying I mean we've
already had this discussion we Aman
retard I said listen there's gonna be a
time I guarantee where I will be in a
major predicament and I'm really gonna
look like I need help your goal is to
not help me estimate you keep the camera
rolling yes you may ask you because you
love me want to save my life I am
Telling You don't just tell me that'll
be some great footage yes it will
so we've already had that discussion in
our marriage now the nightly session of
sister darn sprains SunGard and cousin
tard but the games begin it's only 11
o'clock at night
do some strain of little children shall
we princess our fights out no not get me
I am just the commentator princes are
vines much joy and exuberance do not
spray I'm just a galaxy that looks like
I peed my pants
I'm going inside ma Princesse carts
frames me looks like I beat my pants
peepee
um daddy I'm sorry that she sprayed you
but that's the risk you run when you're
playing with the kid that has the hose
I mean seriously dad she's fine what do
you think she's gonna do it don't be
retarded give it a cheese dumbass okay
this has gone to a whole new level
it is 11:15 at night prison start as a
swimming suit on and Sun tarts down to
his boxer briefs and taking it to the
next level this I love this this is this
is summertime you don't I mean
