just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
so we're just out here walking and
you're gonna have to point at me see
when I do I could say whatever I want
about Shay right now because again here
we go
know what he said yeah exactly
what exactly know what for how expensive
these are they should make little air
conditioning units inside for my ears
are getting sweaty that's a good idea
but I gotta go Carla sent you a really
good song okay shake it now that's a
walker right there heck yeah I'm gonna
edit that later and think oh my gosh I
look so fat and stupid right there I
just think you're gonna leave it in
anyway yeah I'll leave it in why not why
not who cares about my bride yeah okay
so this counts as up my walking today
I'm not gonna do any treadmill work what
talking it allowed these things you
can't hear anything else step four the
music which is good anyway so four times
around the track as a mile and guys ever
I think I got that from when I lived in
the West Indies they would say en't like
means right four times around the track
four times around the track is a mile
right but I say int but she knows what
I'm talking about
did anybody think I'm getting a phone
call oh it's a 1-800 number let's see
this hello oh no they hung up anyways so
I'm gonna walk around the track three
times four is twelve fourteen times I'll
be three and half miles okay here we go
um we are employing a tactic now this is
a this is weight-loss tactic that I
thought up a long time ago well it's a
year and a half ago and I actually made
a video on the shaycarl channel about
this about here's my idea to work out
I'll just have my wife drop me off four
or five miles away from our house and
then just drive home and then I have to
exercise
I have to get home so I have to walk
home or jog home or whatever so um she
had to go home to take baby tard to go
potty cuz they've tarred like my medical
board so I told my attorneys just leave
us here we'll walk home and I just
walked three miles at the track I went
12 times around and now we're walking
home it's about 3 miles so I'm gonna get
to 6 miles today
good job son tired yes I'm tired here
with me huh
nice nice dunk oh sweet dunk dog sweet
dunk dog hey you guys should go watch
that video on the shaycarl
it's called Ken what it was called
that's pretty funny video
me and my wife made together anyways
hold me what it's called maybe I'll put
a link down here if I remember if I
don't don't worry about it no big deal
ok we're walking home I ever said that
hahahaha I was gonna tear you dang it
me and SunGard walked home that's good
huh
two miles but I walked I walked three
miles Oh My heavens sweaty I walked
three miles of the track in two hours
home so it's five miles
Toto Thalia Mambo's I want to show you
guys something I got a package another
package for my buddy Justin I got a
package you guys wanna see my package Oh
daddy okay so my buddy Justin he um is
no Justin heat oh my gosh sweat is in my
eyes it is burning ah my buddy Justin he
helped produce the bearded chick video
that was on the station he also helped
he produce like the flash mob and MIDI
Mafia's to peace and in the music video
coming up so I work with Justin quite a
bit and he sent us pyaar kiya JH does
that stay White Rabbit 7 the heck is
that white rabbit 7 ETS why calm look to
you about is Oh cute what are these
they bibs handkerchiefs for brock top
for broccoli tard mr. Fossum check these
up these are cool an end a ladder and
the lil vlogger hope there's so much
money in here oh it's probably like a
hundred dollars above where's the money
congrats to you and your family on your
little vlog or here or some dibs my
girlfriend is making and selling Oh on
Etsy cool baby bibs are hard to find and
they double as gangsta but day but they
have bandanas begin Congrats cool thanks
Justin you can go to white rabbit dot
etsy.com and i guess you can get these
these bandana
we're cool go check out the website
that's pretty cool okay I'll put that
link in the pants we have a maximum
level of PDP going on right here baby
tard
you are PDP in it up pretty darn
precious on your little scooter let's
get this one go go go come on let's go
you guys we got to go grocery shopping
you wanna go grocery shopping can you
help you have your flip-flops my
flip-flops on okay put the trach inside
take it inside we're gonna go do you
guys want to see one of my favorite
things ever what's the matter back there
I'll show you guys one of my favorite
things hey I'm vlogging here check this
out love that that's so funny I love
freshly cut grass when the sprinklers
are on just like Oh smells so good and
fresh love it
so yeah Logan if I can just already see
the comments Logan came over and mowed
the front and the back yard today to pay
for his speakers that we got him but
he's doing a good job I didn't even need
to call and ask him he said I'm gonna
come on Moe today I said all right I'll
see you when you get your dog and the
mode it looks really nice quick to start
honestly you can catch this okay I'm
gonna try to catch it
film princess tart she's gonna try to
catch this ready
go back to me Oh your eyes sorry
here comes that aerial sings ah keep
singing
ahahahaha the sea witch Ursula the sea
witch life's full of tough choices in it
you have your looks your pretty face and
don't underestimate the importance of
body language ha Mendon do not like a
girl who blabbers they think a girl who
gossips is a bore so please sweetie be
sure to laugh use it on behalf of the
miserable the lonely and depressed
pathetic or unfortunate souls in pain
indeed this one longing to get thinner
this one wants to get the man and do I
help them yes indeed
poor unfortunate souls the Celeste
chorus
what we're gonna do son tard we have a
little bit of a predicament here we just
bought two carts full of groceries and
there's literally like no room in the
back of our van we just leave them here
and then apparently baby tard has an
umbrella open inside the van that's
seven years bad luck
