if you had smell-a-vision it would smell
like fish right now yeah we have this
new dog food dog food I don't know but
it smells like fish and it has Bigfoot
on the front of it garbage bag because
it is seriously time to clean the kid's
room
usually I help them out a little bit and
then we go for a couple weeks where they
have to keep it picked up but it's
gotten to the point where I haven't
helped them out for a while and we've
got like dirty clothes and clean clothes
mixed together we've got hi how's the
garden here not going so well well
they're the younger ones so they're kind
of hard to get to help but are you guys
cleaning yeah I see you're cleaning
something else
no you're no it's been cleaned out I've
got it all on camera I can see you
picking your nose you should stop right
now yes
oh man we got garbage on the floor we
got hangers there's chip crumbs chip
crumbs can't see him Oh what is all that
wait what is under here is that where
your stuff goes no see this is this is
what we got to do we're gonna get
working on this and we're gonna get rid
of some stuff again we'll see you on the
flip side do it go all the guards are
gonna tackle
go down give chesties oh you guys are
such a wuss is go Charlie's a kilometer
can't get back there and clean your
rooms in the nose alright bye I'm
leaving we didn't quite get the room
clean but we had to take a quick break
to get her to swim in Russells professor
laughs women yes today's special because
they moved Christmas chart up to of the
Sun tarts box because she's getting
better so they're in the same class
you can stay afloat she still can't but
that's okay that's what we're here for
sorry excited to be part of the big kid
class now yeah you were doing really
good
you did what do you think centered about
her being in your class you like it it
was awesome
that's a nice brother you really loved
it that's awesome
well guys are done now right because
every kid loves to clean their room
right guys got 5.0 six seven months oh
you guys have a confession to make
I've been a little tardy on the
treadmill I missed the last few days
today I did it but it's just with
Father's Day I missed it I suck I'm
sorry
there's just like perfect timing when I
slap myself some lady rode by nerve I
can do I know it saw me stop my stop I
started on the 15th I went seven three
point one four point one seven point two
zero zero zero
oh so ashamed so ashamed myself but
today I went five point one okay so I
think the problem is this it's a little
difficult doing seven miles a day takes
like two hours and when I'm sitting here
and I'm busy it's like I can't
can't get on the treadmill and do seven
miles I just have time and it just seems
like insurmountable to do so I'm
changing I'm altering the goal the goal
is to do three point five miles every
single day that is obtainable that's a
lot easier I mean anything's obtainable
really um but I just I gotta change it I
got all through it or I think I'm gonna
burn myself out and then I'm just gonna
fail and just stop so that's okay do you
start a goal and you realize like you
know what this is just unrealistic I'm
just gonna burn myself out and I'm not
I'm just gonna quit I'm not even gonna
do it it's okay to alternate a little
bit so the goal is being altered I did
five point one today which is pretty
good I kind of need to catch up but
three and a half miles everyday and
that's good three now miles every day is
that's good exercise it's an hour on the
treadmill so I'm gonna average I'm gonna
walk at three-and-a-half miles an hour
at a four percent incline for the next
ten days the end of the month okay so
that's the new altered goal so I'm back
on track
you guys keep me you guys keep reminding
me okay sorry I messed up a little bit
but I'm back on track it's a matter a
spider is it a big one yeah you're
supposed to be in bed but I guess I can
come help you eliminate the spider
what are you watching Carly tard this is
Holly's world on e with the famous song
as the theme song
everybody's PHA excuse me if that wasn't
funny I'd be mad at you okay so I'm
getting some some toiletries this is
just part of the job of a dad killing
spiders the thing is tiny how did you
guys even see it if I boosted you up
there would you kill it you will okay
come on ready you got the toilet paper
coming to pick you up and what you have
to do is push it really hard into the
corner and kill the spider okay you
ready son target youth um okay some part
is gonna film us from his bunk bed okay
make sure you can see her really good
okay ready
don't be scared it won't bite you you
just have to push them really hurt go go
go and hold it push yeah
squeeze
well done where'd it go yeah fill in the
garbage you kill this job your first
your first spider sniper kills yeah what
up dog oh the magic ball I foresee many
sleepless nights in this room where
children will dream of amazing things
and sleep some lovely something okay
getting better everybody in bed I'm
reading comments from the last video I
do I read I don't read
I can't say that I read all of the
comments but I do read a vast majority
especially right when the video is
uploaded I do I read a lot of the
comments just a super your guys's
thoughts on the matter are and um there
was a lot of comments there's already
over 2,000 comments on the last video
what's the most sensitive part of a man
which is obviously true because there's
so many comments already of people like
wait a minute ray wait a minute poor
people bla bla bla bla
okay so here's the thing the first thing
I want to talk about is something I've
actually kind of learned from the
internet no matter what argument no
matter what discussion no matter what
idea no matter what concept no matter
what good deed no matter what you say on
the web there is always and I repeat and
you might be surprised and you might
disagree but there is always always a
counter-argument I could say to you I
gets into you right now you guys let's
support the children Africa getting
fresh water don't you guys support the
children in Africa getting fresh water
well why wouldn't you why wouldn't you
support the children Africa getting
fresh water what you hate children
getting fresh water you make a video
like that right here's the comments of
that video hey Shane I wonder if you
realize that the pipelines that are
providing that fresh
the children Africa are also drowning
out the Platypus plant yeah I know
you've never heard of it but it's a
plant and it's part of God's creation
there's part of the plant that also
helps cure cancer and the platypus plant
can also do many things for the sunburn
and do you realize how many people
you're hurting by giving the children
Africa water by killing the Platypus
plant shake do you realize that what why
do you hate people with sunburns Shea
what do you want to kill the platypus
plant do you see what I'm saying do get
it do get it people have a
counter-argument for everything whether
it's ridiculous
whether it's legit there's just always
something else and and it's in every
argument people that's not only on the
internet it's not only in my videos
every listen this is a life lesson
I have already thinking of a
counter-argument to this life lesson
there's there's other opinions and other
it's frustrating the point is there's a
lot of different ideas out there okay so
so your job as the viewer is to take
what you like and you know and to
develop the path that you're going to go
down according to the things you like
does that make sense so you know I'm
gonna say things in these vlogs and I
Phil and other people are gonna be like
what about this Shay and you know I
can't answer all those but I I just say
how I feel in the vlogs so that's that's
your job it's your job to decipher and
decide and and elevate and decide in the
air but we're about to do now something
a little different I have been looking
okay I have a beer I'm not sure if you
noticed or not I know that's a little
awkward why didn't you notice that I
have a beard your weirdo are you blind
are you blind so people your own
boy they're just watching
okay if you're blind I apologize
listen I have a beard it seems
ridiculous to have to say out loud I
have been seeing these things in the
store I your beard I'm like I have a
beard why don't I try to tie it so I
bought this and I was gonna do it while
mama tarde was awake but she's asleep
now so I figured let me just do it now
and let's see what it does this is a
dark brown I don't know if it will
change it my beard you know I had
there's some very white like right here
it can you see you see right here
there's one white hair it is completely
and utterly white and I've done this
I've plucked them I've pulled them out
and it is hundred percent white I think
I'm turning into Santa Claus slowly
there's a lot of reds
dark Browns but let's just see I have a
beer let's diet just for the fun of it
this is a dark brown color let's see
what it does you guys ready
here we go there's the beard dye mix I
have a glove on and apparently I'm
supposed to mix these two lines so here
we go let's mix them up we are now going
to apply the material to the beard and
just so you know it does smell hideous
and dangerous I have removed all
clothing as to avoid stains oh my
goodness gracious but it does it smells
very dangerous and very permanent it's
just why does a stink like that and it's
it's a lighter color so it makes me a
little bit nervous but I am I am now
coming it into the beard and we
hopefully will see a difference but it's
just so ominous just the smells I mix it
I'm like wow that smells like cancer if
cancer is to have a smell it would be
this stuff it just it smells weird it
kind of looks like peanut butter I mix
the two jellies together I'm a plain and
liberally over the beard and goatee area
and I'll let you know how it goes okay
well initially when I started this
process the substance looked very
similar to
but ER it did but now it's starting to
get a little darker you can kind of see
the color change yeah I kind of like it
it's a very Tom Selleck miss look but
the beard here it's like it's like
personal beard time I don't know the
beard likes the attention I think he
does he's been talking to me and he's
like Oh different dungeon voices for
Malachi and rocked argh I can't I can't
come up with a voice for beard tard we
are in the current process of dyeing him
and this little brush is my helper and
that's how we're doing it okay so
although Street is a after shot I'm
gonna wait for like this is wait the
longer you wait the darker it gets it
already looks darker than me I'm gonna
wait for like five minutes we'll see how
it looks I don't like it I like the
personality of the beard tart
Evolutionary he's changing you've
changed beard tarp jyj you're so
different
stop it okay you guys I'm just you can
obviously tell I'm fresh out of the
shower and there's there's quite a
difference it looks different to me I'd
be coming Billy Mays I can't stop it I
can't help it I can't stop myself
