just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
these are good you're talking good
delivery there now you can hear you push
a little can really like yeah you push a
little button that's on the right side
and then it mutes them oh there's not
what I'm this this is what you did when
I came downstairs these are really nice
you can't hear anything
mommy TARDIS shit's mini Mafia yeah it's
MIDI mafia and Dave days huh MIDI mafia
and Dave days oh really yeah this is
rockin you guys know this song guess all
this song
I'm feeling lucky tonight you guys can
go download this song go to Biddy mafia
dot-com or you know just be smart and
find it on Mike so anyways look what I
got for my daddy's day what do you think
I think you spent a little too much of
our money on headphones that's what I
think but I like going out there for you
I've been down here I feel like they
honestly I feel like they just like glue
me to my desk like when I listen to
music I'm like holy crap I don't want to
move you're right I start always okay
I'll just take them All Right see ya I'm
feeling lucky babe hey we're here at
Xtreme clean car wash and only America's
clean cars oh the liberty the joy of man
all right kids listen today we're gonna
learn a lesson you ready to learn a
lesson a little saying my grandpa used
to teach me cleanliness is next to
godliness he has ever heard that my
grandpa he was in the Air Force he was a
colonel in the United States Air Force
and used to say that to me and my
brother your uncle Casey all the time
that and he would have had a million
different sayings but the point is one
of the ones he'd always say that I
always remember is take all you want but
eat all you take because they did not
waste things right
you don't waste food you don't waste
money and other stuff like this so
here's a lesson today if you have
something nice what do you do to it
please you keep it clean you respect it
right and just because you're poor
doesn't mean something needs to be dirty
I hate that there's it's like a
stereotype that if you're poor your
house is dirty that's not that doesn't
need to be if you're poor your house is
probably dirty because you're lazy and
that's the reason you're poor because
you don't work hard kids understand that
you need to work hard in life and keep
things clean and nice and neat okay
that's a lesson for today so Sunter come
out here and grab the vacuum princess
hard you two both are gonna be some
vacuuming fools here grab that hose and
you got to clean up
as you can it's like a race soon as I
put the quarters in give them back back
you can okay princess tard you
understand okay you guys ready go grab
the other hoes go grab the other hoes
we're gonna go simultaneous vacuuming
baby chard looks a little concerned you
all right baby tard
you look a little concern for some
reason what's up I may need to clean
that our car all right here we go let's
go
yeah get that armor all white and wipe
that - down get it so our vacuum fast as
you can pick up all the dirt there you
go
you get your hose down there good keep
going push it fast over all the dirt hey
where's your hose
where's your home Wow good scrub hard on
the bristles nice get right there you're
all the water spots down there scrub
hard and a kid good okay now come around
the back good job
what the heck is that look you're gonna
feed him can we watch you don't want to
see nothing love you just out washing
the bed
looks good looks really good job good
job now we look like we're rich because
our vans clean bitch it isn't that kinda
like a stereotype if if you're poor
you're dirty yeah it really is and I
wonder I know I know this like a
sensitive topic money is sensitive
another saying that I love is the most
sensitive part of a man is his wallet
his pocketbook more correctly sad but it
is like as soon as you start talking
about money and wealth and stuff and
different things like that it's just
like like this to me I mean it kind of
feels like this immediate wall goes up
my channel you know what I'm saying like
it's different for everybody but um
interesting thing I was also thinking
about is I was very middle-class growing
up you know my mom worked in the school
as a secretary and my dad had a pretty
good job because he got his bachelor's
degree but um anyways I remember growing
up going to school there's this family
and for all intents and purpose
we'll call them the Joneses the Joneses
dad was a dentist so dentists make
pretty good money well I remember the
Joneses would always go and I'm not
saying this is a bad thing that you're
gonna because I said the Joneses you
guys are gonna immediately think Oh keep
it up with the Joneses here's the point
of the story that I want to make I
remember all the other kids were like oh
they're just rich and they would say it
like like a demeaning way like oh we're
going to Hawaii again stupid rich kids
and I remember always thinking like what
do you mean stupid rich kids I want to
be a rich kid
hi God why are you making fun of rich
people I wasn't rich I was very
middle-class but I'm like why would you
make fun of them they just bought a
brand-new water ski boat
I want a brand-new water ski boat so I'm
not gonna make fun of somebody who has
what I want that's what I always
frustrated me is this like our people is
that wife they're just jealous it's just
jealousy the green dragon of envy is
that what it is but it's I was always
like I wanna grow up like the Joneses no
saying that I was like oh well you don't
have to be snobby that's the problem
sometimes when people have a lot of
money that they think that they're
better than somebody but that's not
there's so many other people who are
wealthy who are generous who give who
are good people but there's always this
this negative annotation overcomes the
money is this is this just being drawn
on too long we kids listening like dad
shut up and get us something like are
you talking about an ice cream I don't
know just a few thoughts you guys you
may think differently leave in the
comments what's talk let's discuss what
do you think honey well I agree with you
you do I want to you want money to buy
things well cuz we we
same way well you were he with yeah I
mean I'd say we were both are very late
are you seeing growing up
yeah grown up yeah it's very well I mean
I was very happy but it money does not
buy happiness there's a funny saying
I've heard about you know in the major
saying this money doesn't buy happiness
and then somebody to add it on to that
they said money doesn't buy happiness or
you're just not shopping in the right
places or something like that but um and
and listen I am don't get me for like
want buy and spend all this money you
guys I am I'm very like all about
savings like I listen to Dave Ramsey we
do not borrow money we do not use credit
cards credit cards or the DAP cut your
credit cards of right now anyway when we
first got married that was the biggest
mistake we made we're like 90 days same
as cash that sounds like same as magic
on what one give me one of those one of
those and all of a sudden like nuts we
were hearing we've been married a year
and a half and I was like hey we can't
pay the bills because we went out model
this crap so we cut up our credit cards
we paid off all our debt everything is
paid off except for the house that we
live in now is the only debt we have and
it's because we learn our lesson and we
thought debt is dumb 70% of all
marriages end in divorce because of
financial fights people Helen if it how
long form it okay okay so this is this
is just things in my mind goodbye
gonna get where we going to do we go to
the movie okay we'll update you when we
get there it's it's not even a Prius
it's the Mazda 5 this is where we're
making fun of our this person is cuz
they have the club the club owned
overnight Oh put the club on our Mazda 5
oh no honey another another thing has
been revealed to me at this point in
time now I know why all right that makes
sense I don't the hands
anything to drink madam lemonade okay
I'll do it
maybe don't give us your shop face maybe
garden baby tired
give us your shocked face when I when I
squeeze your hand k ready what we
refinance the mortgage to 12% you mr. Q
shocked face hey Dad
okay that was great I don't know what
that was jumpy that's a great song check
out the download on iTunes link in the
in the pants
you like that story you like that story
little tarred house a nice story you're
telling him like that story son tired
was doing it was doing a story or was it
a play so does a play why he was doing a
play for the baby wasn't that sweet he
is grabbing my beard with both of his
hands like they were like hand holds and
it was very painful in my face region
but I sustained the pain as the father
should sustain any pain such as groin or
infliction beard pulling and chest hair
tugging it is all part of this
fatherhood we called daddy ship
something to see sleeping yet you're not
asleep yet too late we're tired Elise
isn't crying right here's my little man
this little man is my little man he's
such a man showing him his toes
it doesn't like I remember I think he
likes that I enjoy sir ah I've ever
never Willa I've ever the comedic at age
5 every baby girl he's like what the
hell are you doing man Jeepers Creepers
get your fat mouth off my face huh
that's what he's saying that's what he
said
wide awake ptarth I want to eat your
head is it so cute
I am never cookie monster that I am baby
monster I'm Lana are you getting pissed
yet I'm what you call obnoxious daddy
