just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
what is going on in here oh great we got
we got a fashionista doing a little
fashion show let's see what you got the
under collared shirt turn around let's
see man
get hip and stylin you like it
up top dawg nice did get voted
best-dressed over so did you yeah such a
pip by tall guy who loved you
hey you help help Carly with the kids
okay you're the you're the man of the
house no okay love you bye what a
beautiful day oh what a beautiful
morning okay so um we're going somewhere
and I have no idea where we're going we
are going to the strip club and my mom
and my wife are gonna try out for to be
dancers I really don't know where we're
going they have a surprise for us for
Father's Day and we're going somewhere
I'm kind of excited to see because
usually I figure these surprises out
whether the kids slip something or
something I usually find out somehow but
this time I have no idea
hey Rach card where we going do you know
he looks like an old man like a furled
browse like I'm taking a nap right now
where are we going do you know where
we're going bro suffice it botar
where're we going you don't know boy I
don't know Danny looks oh crap I haven't
got one for him yet Thank You Mickey
needa Vixen Malachi's yeah dad hey Dad
where we going today dad boy oh boy I'm
excited look at the different color dude
this this price
okay so here we are what do you think
that
you better wear facemasks my toes are
ugly so this is the mom and we brought
my husband Karl chase dad and che in
here to get pedicures and I don't know
if they're excited or disappointed oh my
husband wants bikini wax
also little known fact about my dad he
hates his feet be in touch
happy Father's Day the thing you hate
the most
I like it baby
hey hey Rock time do you want a foot
exfoliation - he needs it let's go dry
skin just thought of that
that baby dry skin want me to start
flaking I wanna sleep yet you guys I
have to admit
a little jealous you're feeling so nice
oh yeah here comes trouble could use an
alcoholic Marcus
quick check hmm what are you doing
can't grab my camera and vlog why sign
off on that he's so precious I got my
very very dark I'm awake I'm awake more
than would I really want to sleep leave
a sleep first person to miss gets a
wedgie no you first
oh come here you're out our out brothers
and the dads and the dogs and the sons -
can we go shoot music as a shooting
music all year up in the mountains with
my brother and dad and worden he with
the camouflage GAD word to the rock
fordpass break the banana on the Trump
is awesome - year oh I'm fun son tard
killing the clay pigeons you're the
polar huh nice oh yeah we've shot on 150
shows I'm gonna try to hit a clay pigeon
with a man melee oh he's going for the
box in the clay pigeon
and it's loud or they hit now bullets
and of course it went off thus because
that's how the safety works okay so put
the safety on no push it from the other
side okay now let your dad help you load
okay now get your thumb on this side
push up push up it's loaded now ready
okay it's it's on safety right so hold
it up here but take the safety off push
the safety off and don't pull the
trigger yet push the safe I know all
your gun cymatics are thinking that
ready and the Restless bit so rest
tucking under his arm don't pull it
don't be shoots up okay you ready and
you'll squeeze it hard sir even looking
say Paul oh oh
shot what you own work no yeah no no
that's good you guys check it out is it
a rattlesnake Louise ready to attack boy
scary
hey little sneaky sneaky oh did he get
run over his head looks like it's messed
up is it oh oh my gosh
freaky you see that it's trucks no way
it can get this far though
six feet I'm getting back dude that was
freaky it hissed and everything right
there oh my gosh dude this is scary
there's snakes all over the place
I'm getting back in the truck let's just
be that I hope I didn't jump and not get
it on camera but it like struck at us we
just my trouser snake we just showed the
girls a snake and she wouldn't even hold
the camera cuz she was afraid it was
gonna bite
Charles Charles Trippy this is cool
computer and you too kind of rich
lightning oh yeah also another kind of
think about what is there any particular
one little fish sticks out this is uh
this is stir-fried TV they're doing a
big interview on Charles and Ellie and I
just watch them it's really cool cool to
see like just the whole you know they've
kind of told like their whole story
YouTube story and how they met and stuff
it's kind of cool to watch you guys go
check it out put a link down here but
it's a stir fry TV they do interviews on
them youtuber so you guys should go
check us out I'll leave a link down here
hey you popping your collar you popping
your collar pop your collar tard
hey that roads of what's going on dog
he's so cute style you're so stupid
why'd you make such a cute baby oh that
pissing me off so cute that baby is
right now Oh piss off right now
I'll be out in the van we're going to my
cousin's wedding he is ready son tard in
true form wearing a suit give it up dog
what's up dog is serious about our room
cuz we never clean
let's try bet she's serious I'm serious
too serious as a heart attack you've got
a little girl you're gonna keep your
room clean
baby tard what did I say I'm gonna do if
you suck your thumb
oh I told baby tard if she keeps sucking
her thumb I'm gonna tattoo a piece of
poop on her thumb and then she'll be
eating poop every time she puts her
thumb in her mouth
Johnny poop yeah I better not want to
eat poop I think just tattooing anything
else I'm gonna probably make ourselves
you mean what we're gonna call you the
poop eater tard
huh you want that you better stop
sucking your thumb then poop eater tard
princess tard let's try not to make too
much of a mess okay I know it's a
chocolate waterfall and this ain't any
tar just took a bite of this oh my gosh
baby tired you can't just sample the
strawberries and put them back you feed
the whole thing eat the whole thing you
can dip it in chocolate what's up dude
you just gonna bring out that sounds
Daniels the back canyons you would use
dowry and stick in the beard
here
son card are you laughing so you'd have
bumped their heads together this mat is
going to rip in he second Oh
Starfire you're right there are you
drunk
don't buy all these to the stomach just
jump on him just jump on uncle Casey oh
hey hold on tight it's on Eddie it's
gonna be scary is ready
hold on tight you got a hold on tight
hold on right here baby card right here
are there hold on Titan if you get
underneath it oh everybody's got to do
it now I have an extra target good to
start get up get ready go again
let's go down grandma I mean made over
here the makeover yeah the girls like my
hair we're nice grandmother sit there
let him hurt you I think my larissa
start why does she need why does she
need that on her chest does she hate
makeup on her boobs spritzes sharks
she's gonna go to the ball and dance
with Prince Charming oh oh she's not oh
damn so dumb
