so to be clear no use blogging here ok
grandpa what do you think about this
scary scary let's hear it dog I was when
I was editing yesterday's vlog when the
kids were in the little room with all
the base the base plate cancels out the
speakers and the camera and you can't
hear how loud it really is you remote a
lot of grass for this young young man I
was caught you young lady
nothing I ever know I never liked boxes
because to put stuff back your car start
which one do you want
put this pink one that one yeah that's
one appointment
oh no this one this one the one in the
middle
yeah that's those are some pretty guns
that's like 70s hippie stuff I want you
to pick that one you pick one he's Dirty
Harry guns Sun tardes talking crap to a
bison and what if that whatever flow
came out with a wall and attacked you
scared you there's gunshots on the other
side of that door
what irony you're singing him to sleep
what someone is singing him sing him a
song okay what song you're gonna sing
him go to sleep go to sleep go to sleep
little brother olio tarde that's a song
let's hear you sing it ready 1 2 3 go
you shy that's pee you know what that is
mommy tard that's P DP you know a PD P
stands for pretty darn precious it's
pretty darn precious right there a lot
of what a PDP going on up in here I hear
some footsteps coming down the stairs
what do you got there is it a package
can you say package daddy's favorite
word would we get sand grats on the
beautiful baby boy can't wait to see you
guys in July love Lindsey and Phil they
know I'm gonna freeze well what it's
like an apple fritter
interesting look look prints a baby that
says what's this crazy part the whole
it's packages in the package this is fun
it's multiple packages here maybe
dragged you over that want to open her
throw it Harry sorry
drop me everywhere thank you guys it's
really nice what happened to honey what
just happened you know what the best
part of having your sister live with you
is being able to go out on a date well
Friday night home it's a built-in
babysitter Thank You Carly style for
watching our kiss
we're out on a date
like this you think I might maybe gonna
cancel the end of the steak chocolatey
cookie crunch with the ice cream is also
I think there is a direct correlation
between me buying her dessert sorts
desserts I think there is a direct
correlation of me buying her dessert and
getting a little action I want every
dessert you have place at this table
great no no no you're great no I just
wanted to you know let the people know
what your sing in sing us a song
you guys listen I am letting my wife
drive home and I want to hear what songs
she has to sing in her heart honey what
songs are in your heart that you want to
sing my oh my let's sing a song together
I don't know something that you can sing
see she's such a talented artist you are
you're a talented artist that sounded
like I'm not gonna lie to us I'm like a
zip-a-dee-doo-dah zip-a-dee-ay my oh my
what a wonderful day plenty of sunshine
in my way
zip-a-dee-doo-dah mr. Bluebird on my
shoulder it's the truth satisfactual
everything is an especial
zip-a-dee-doo-dah zip-a-dee-ay
cuz my mom used to sing in the mornings
she did wake you up shut up
she wait you should wake you up with
that song seeing it first right now go I
was still sleeping
should should sing that song to you to
wake you up what are you guys your
mommies to throw water on you shake
that's funny because my mom used to it's
almost embarrassing to admit like I
don't want to admit this but my mom you
know all through high school
I mean all the way up to my senior year
my mom had to wake me up like like I was
I'm I'm questioning in including this in
the vlog that up to my senior year of
high school my mom had to wake me up to
go to school you know I was I was almost
18 years old and my mom had to still
come in and say Shay wake up it's time
for school and and majority of the days
you know she'd had to pour water on me
20 up she really did she bed was always
wet well I did what the pendulum if
that's what you're saying
thank you honey for embarrassing me in
front of all these people
oh I'm so embarrassed
