follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
okay here's what we're doing we I just
made a deal with Logan that if he mows
our yard for the rest of the summer and
he's not gonna do it every time but just
there's like there's times that I can't
get to it because I'm you know doing the
videos and now that I'm trained to run
100 miles through it as to this month I
know that takes a lot of time it's like
I'm not running very fast
I'm usually I'm averaging you know 4
miles an hour and so it takes like an
hour and a half or whatever to go my six
or seven miles I went 7.2 miles today
another thing is like after I get out of
the shower I'm just like dripping sweat
cuz my metabolism is sped up and so I'm
just like hah just like oh that's like I
got a cool takes make an hour and a half
to like cool down but that's good cuz
then they get your metabolism going like
fast through the rest of the day and it
burns you know weight you know
throughout the day so that's really good
anyway so I made it a deal with Logan
then if he mows our yard the rest of the
summer you know whenever I need him to
or whenever I call him then I will buy
him a sub woofer and an amplifier and
some four inch speakers cuz he already
has
I think he has like an Alpine CD player
and he has Alpine six by 9s and so I
told them that I would hook him up and
we'd go to the stereo store and I would
get him somebody asked to mow the lawn
the rest of the summer anyways so that's
that's what we're going to do right now
I totally remember when I was about
Logan's ages a little bit older I think
I was 16 and a half I bought my own car
I was a busboy at a restaurant and I got
tips every night I'd get about 20
dollars in tips every night I would put
like ten or twelve dollars under my
mattress and I saved up looks like it
buy a brand new Pioneer stereo with six
by nine four inches and an amplifier and
I freaking was the man ever when I first
bought that was
check out the kids fun
so I'm just talking to the guy out here
about what he's gonna get in an in
Logans car and they're in the movie room
so what do you think it's good speakers
JL MTX I don't know very much about this
stuff but looks cool I guess
be ready to be blown away ready for your
socks be blown off oh wait they're here
yeah let's go up and angry comments
we're just gonna you know ruin your
hearing
Wow
okay wait wait what did you say okay we
just stopped to give a little treat
Brenda Starr goes I'll go out daddy's
door cuz it's almost Father's Day well
thank you thank you for thinking of me
what don't lock it you're right just
shut it don't
we're in Idaho nobody's gonna steal
anything gone we're not California
anymore don't you know nothing
look matter he's gonna rip some heads
off today we told centaur not to smile
me and Logan
we're like looks so pissed so it tough
it's a turtle killer sometimes say I
like todos
I like todos who knows that reference
there's a YouTube video this kid because
he's not gonna spare something and this
lady asked him like this big question
and he goes I like Toros that's funny
you just never know it's gonna be hit on
the web mom I think it could just be any
little kid saying I like totals and you
got 10 million views who knows nice
hustle dog whoa come back the Hydra flag
he's running in like Forrest Gump and he
keeps running through oh Willy
as a quarterback sneak some darts
playing quarterback just like Joe
Montana
say hi touchdown that was a silent count
Mike there's a silent count that guy
should hiked it Carly can throw pretty
far
how's a duck what's that called when the
arms stick out like that
maybe a high V I don't think she's doing
a high B it's like straight up baby turn
baby start put him higher up in the air
there that's your high V look we're
doing we're doing cheerleading over here
on this side - good job guys I suck I
suck as a vlogger I miss like one of the
like funniest cutest most priceless
moments ever
son tard who is the last of the game and
the other team had the ball and it was
the fourth fourth quarter fourth down
like last like they had to stop him or
else the other team would've won
basically and so they hiked it I'm
dragging the story on the hike it starts
playing I'm nose guard and he gets the
flag and he's so happy he serves both
his arms up in the air and he's still
having any runs over his coach and gives
him this giant hug but there's no
hugging in football there's that was so
adorable they're doing five you did
sweet I was proud of you get the last
one you what have you done today
seriously you haven't even gotten any
flags good job dude good bounce so I'm
tired awesome game dude give it up I
really thought you did an amazing hey
you did good - I love you okay so we're
just sitting here I'm waiting for mom to
show up we're gonna just
a little bit of food to take home
because we don't have time to cook
dinner something I learned to talk about
two youtubers people on Twitter people
on Twitter I just you know I said
sometimes football game so I wasn't on
Twitter for like two hours and so we're
sitting here waiting I'm like oh let's
see what's up on Twitter so I opened up
Twitter and it feels like I'm just like
coming to a party because I know like
the NBA Finals are going on right now
like it's Game seven and I just know I'm
I just think of different people like
saying like different jokes or you know
just like the back-and-forth between the
game and it's like a party almost it
really is in a sense and and sometimes
you get like little conversations going
with people and some people like watch
those conversations going on but they
don't necessarily like involve
themselves but then sometimes like
different groups of people have
conversations if you're gonna talking
about and so I'm just like it's it's
really Twitter's like a party and when I
eat a log on then I haven't been on for
two hours I'm just like I feel like I
should tweet like hey guys I'm back
what's everybody talking about good
jokes of people man I want to make a
joke what's going on so weird am I am I
am I taking this internet thing
just a little pisser oh you kids I'm
sorry I'm sorry at a lawyer
sorry I'm not an accountant they spell
like I'm I'm a I'm a good dad or do you
feel like I'm on the internet too much
please some have a job I love you
yeah yeah oh here we go
