follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
hey day two on the treadmill dying
yesterday was a lot easier I've only
gone three miles but I think I need to
stop and I'm so tired my legs are so
sore so I'm gonna go to kids swimming
lessons I'm gonna sit the hot tub there
and try to stretch my legs out they're
killing me
I'll try to get another three miles in
later tonight when I'm watching TV or
something
he hit my six miles for the day Oh take
two it's not as easy regard hair ties
down their guard like all over the place
and then there's robots hard eat chips
believe me this baby I wish I was doing
that right now
not fair when the baby's sleeping right
I'm not
oh good not stretching the hot tub your
hot tub stretches
your hot tub stretches
oh look at you
be ready ready let's see how much of an
athlete you are and you run 12 miles an
hour you stretch it out stretching your
quads get up nice eat it oh is it like a
slow jog my name is Logan I'm a sunny
Napoli looks good dog you like it it has
some like good bounce to it huh like
it's not it doesn't draw your legs I
like that about it I'm fat and I need it
beat non-jarring okay here's what I'm
doing I'm watching man vs. food on the
Travel Channel this guy's eaten like 15
dozen oysters he just ate this giant
steak that's in our murillo Texas it's a
72-ounce steak me and actually fill when
means like mu helped to fill move from
Atlanta to LA we stopped in Amarillo
Texas and ate at the same place this guy
just stay this giant 72-ounce steak
anyways so I'm back on the treadmill for
my evening walk and I've gone there
three miles so I'm at 6.2 miles today
what are you doing walking what are you
doing mark gene I'm dying my legs are so
sore
I'm on in class two percent in class
half miles an hour but I'm trying to
like I'm thinking like a try need to get
extra miles in this first couple days my
legs it's not not they're just sore but
they're just weak like walking up the
stairs felt like that's gonna fall down
cuz they're so weak my legs would be
buff after this put her my anyways day
to almost cut my 6.6 miles in today -
feels good boy 12 more days 13 more days
to go how you feeling gone four miles an
hour
nice trying to just concentrate K pump
those arms
good job woo okay
I just did four point one miles that's a
total today 7.2 miles that's ahead of my
six point six they need day two I'm glad
it's over I'm gonna be so sore tomorrow
I've been trying to stretch as much as I
can to get out this lactic acid Oh
stretching oh you better run and bite
your bite I'm gonna get it you better
run
I'm gonna count to three one okay one
two better go
