follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
you're gonna sit on that thing all day
till you burn that extra odor you better
go you're a bunch of off the back of it
baby turn I want you to burn at least a
thousand calories today cuz you're
looking a little trouble you little
chubby monkey
yeah you should only doing we're
watching though right yeah baby tarts
doing a good job that's pretty cute
little feet go Daddy good all right hold
on baby start has to run six miles first
guys doing it check it out four point
seven miles then I'm watching Batman
three pet Joker he's motivating me like
I gotta clean top the city's crime spree
up if I walk six miles
I'll put everybody in jail the whole mob
have a goal I just sit here walking on a
treadmill on out of a goal I've gone six
point four miles and I thought what if I
did this every day well if I went six
miles every day I start doing some math
I thought if I go six miles every day
for the rest of this month how many
miles of epi
and it comes out close to a hundred so
if I figured it out
there's 15 days left in this month I go
6.6 miles a day that will be 100 miles
on this treadmill by the end of the
month so that is my goal I'm not gonna
sprint all the time mostly I'll just be
walking with my goal hist walk or run or
jog whatever on this treadmill a hundred
miles before the end of the month so
that means I'm gonna have to average 6.6
miles a day which is not gonna be easy
but I think it's obtainable because I'm
almost at 6.6 miles now and I'm not
totally dead so I can call hit or not
like burning myself out you know I'm
just like
walking this moderate but I still get my
heart rate up I'm sweating I can tell
it's burning calories so that's my goal
okay don't let me fail I'm gonna get oh
I'm gonna get our dry erase board and
hang it up here and every day
I'm there right and I might you know
break it up like in the morning maybe
I'll just do two miles and then in the
evening I'll do four miles I'm gonna do
it I'm gonna count I'm gonna go get a
driving sport
put it on the wall okay so that's my
goal here we go we're at Sun tards
football practice and it's about terrain
any second look how ominous these clouds
are really cool thunder and lightning
over the mountains it's raining a little
bit but it looks so cool this is like
some of my favorite weather of all time
I know a lot of people don't like it hi
Sun tart is so funny he's always like
like at least three or four times
they're in the middle of practice okay
dad hi hey dude pay attention to your
coach anyway so you guys I'm feeling
good and filling those endorphins
popping my legs are sore I can tell it's
gonna be hard because my legs are strong
I just gotta stretch really good but I
went seven miles I can't believe it no I
didn't I didn't run like I I went I
jogged I averaged about three and a half
to four miles an hour on an incline of
like two or three and then I ran five
miles an hour in six miles an hour for
like 1 minute increments because it was
killing me but I'm excited I really
think I can do this I'm excited it's I
already feel better you know I feel like
I have more energy it's it's funny thing
you guys know how this works I see you
dude just help daddy tard nice nice to
you and he goes like I don't know what
he's talking about anyway so mommy tard
and broccoli tartar in the van over
there cuz it's rainin and I'm just
watchin the Sun card play flag football
and we're gonna go get a whiteboard
after this so I can them mark the miles
that I go every day I'm pumped so
reinvigorated with a goal goals are
awesome because it's like you get
excited and you get you have to make the
goal not impossible but just just you
gotta make it hard that's what I love
where it's like it's not impossible but
it's really really hard to achieve
that's the exciting things it's like you
know you get going
this and it's exciting so you guys
should do it I don't know you don't do
the same goal but you can do a goal just
choose a goal and do it okay how can you
hold on for that's not that far of a
drop you are yourself too bad but you
wanna get out can you drop down you
can't drop down okay I'll help ya okay
let go hey what are you doing up there
okay well looks like we're getting some
more exercise today we're son cards
football practice and mommy tart had to
run home because these ladies from our
church are bringing over food looks like
this thing they do when somebody has a
baby other ladies in the church will
like bring over food for like the next
four or five days so it's like easier on
the mom anyway so now I mean thunder to
walk in our home and it's raining yeah
it's raining well she's on her way
I mean we're not gonna walk all the way
home but I figured we don't really have
any shelter we might as well start
making some progress towards that
direction how was football practice good
you getting wet let's count towards one
hundred my house
passion the empress a new name but i
watch that i watch the show over and
over and i can't figure out what baby
says he said my mom had such a beautiful
name
so I've always wanted to know what that
name was I watch that movie like a
hundred times
well builds character right yeah your
daughter has a problem
I told you you need to get back on the
wagon young lady
and this is inappropriate just cuz it's
a Tuesday night doesn't mean you need to
fall off the wagon why does that make me
laugh my daughter's a boozer please we
need an intervention mommy you two
you're breastfeeding oh is a repair okay
never mind
you guys okay we're at dinner he's ever
seen that show on TV Deadliest Catch
yeah can you just go over to be my blog
real quick you know okay yeah come on
over here yes I recognize this one he
was when the boats were going up and
down and it was raining earlier remember
this guy she was on The Deadliest Catch
yeah so it's so nice to meet you I love
their show it's like crazy I can't
believe all that stuff happens out there
but I'm just like you gotta go you're
anything he's gotta go guys
but I just you just want to say hi hi
Shaytards I'm glad you watched my show
on A&E be sure to check it out every
Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7 p.m.
okay we'll check that I'll put a link in
the in the pins okay okay this manga is
autographed for relief
you see rock and roll EO tarde it's all
about hustle yeah you have to hustle as
fast as you can to get the ball and the
team who works the hardest and hustles
the most there are the teams who are the
winners and they get all the chicks yeah
do you want to get all the chicks yeah
you need to get in the NBA and just
hustle and then you can give your daddy
well you don't want to go in the NBA how
about the NFL oh there you go that's
some rock tart would be no NHL you want
to be a hockey player no dad I just want
to eat some milk
no Matt some broken milk up in here oh
yeah I just talking to rock and roll
they owe tard about getting all the
chicks I just renamed him his name is
rock and roll yo tard you like it rock
rock rock uh-oh he wants his mommy
where's mommy okay let me show you my
goal I got my little dry erase board I'm
gonna show it to you okay it's June 2010
and my goal is to go 100 miles by June
30th today is the 15th
I went seven miles and that means I have
14 more days so I have 93 miles to go
because a hundred minus seven is 90
three that's right that's caught to the
pumpkin head oh boy mmm so that's what
I'm doing you guys here's my goal it's
very simple it's not simple in the fact
that it's not it's not easy to obtain
but it's not like you have to run 4.5
miles an hour at a 3% incline for 15
minutes twice a day oh that's not a
nipple - my hip he's hungry anyways it's
simple in the fact that it's not
complicated does that make sense it's
literally just go 100 miles however I
want to do it by walking jogging running
crawling so that's what I'm doing but
it's very you know it's very planned out
this is what I'm trying I mean anyways
that's my goal it's gonna be hard my
legs are already really sore so tomorrow
should be interesting the 7 miles today
was a little bit difficult wasn't too
hard but tomorrow if I might totally
sore it's gonna be interesting
