listen you got a lot of Johnson files to
get completed yeah I'm just saying
that's the stack of work that's on your
desk
I don't care that you're six years old
pretend that you're grown up and that
you have a mortgage a wife and kids
right are you going to hug Jackson wants
a hug big hugs oh here he comes ladies
and gentlemen dive hello good morning
welcome to the vlog we're going to Utah
try to drive are we doing Brad how's the
chicken first zombies yes your doctor
yes yeah Jake Tom you've got one two
three hit it
that's what is you trick Oh younger
Jackson you're not part of the trade big
bro
and say man hey nice welcome to the
Shaytards vlog we just crossed the Idaho
Utah border
we're headed to Cache Valley to go to
the tricks in store right now come along
for the ride everybody I look like
Donald what why do you say that
do you have money on your dollar oh my
god what is that
why does Donald Trump look like that put
the money on his eyes he goes I look
like Donald Trump why do you say that
Ron Donald Trump has a lot of money is
that were you saying that uh who's
Donald Ted this guy no nope as here I'm
like that's a very different very
different person yeah Donald's not on
money yet might want to retract the
income and then wha we're the New World
Order Trump bills I got thirty Trump
bills like what can i buy 30 truck delay
the world's going I wouldn't be
surprised with anything at this point
hey bean is impossible but my breasts
look great on you all right Jesse okay
but I like it
okay we're here we're here we're here
we're here we made it not only is this
the headquarters of tricks and clothing
but hey hi says stacks say hey hi hey hi
hey hi this is also where I was born
this is also where I came to the earth I
shot through a portal in the sky in the
presence of God in Christ and his angels
and I said I'm going down to mortality
and I'm gonna live on the earth in this
city Logan Utah Cache Valley is where my
existence came to be let's go sign some
Shaytards calendars I bet you these guys
do look at my crew it's my crew I love
you guys I'm pinching your butts no I
don't care these are people from around
the world Erin can I read a few of these
you guys hey Holly from Washington
Yvonne from Cambridge Canada hey what's
up thanks for getting the Shaytards
calendar hey brandy from Douglas
Massachusetts this is my favorite thing
we're just we're printing out all the
address labels and it's so cool because
it's like Japan Ohio Australia
Massachusetts Rhode Island Idaho Utah
all over the place
Jennifer from Louisville Kentucky how
you doing Jennifer Glanville Illinois's
Duane from Milwaukee Wisconsin
Raquel from Yule Dale Texas where's that
I've never been there Erin you ever been
to yo Dale Texas probably pronounced it
wrong a couple of times but you know
well he's a world traveler you guys what
do you expect okay we are going to st.
Helens right now we got a bunch of them
and they're coming to you guys if you
ordered one if you didn't then you still
can links below excuse me sir what do
you think you're doing there's Brock
skating through the store I like your
white shoes Brock look at you on the
penny board turn that around come back
this way let's see how skilled you are
my friend you this board by the way this
board is covered
Wow whoa the white kicks dang Daniel
back at it again with the white vans
these are the envelopes ladies you help
in daily and how many do are we sending
them all over the world todos los d√≠as
Japan we were just looking at them all I
was telling a bat Colorado
parading your names we got roles of
people and names
all right we're waiting for Derek to
show up with all the calendars so we
could start signing and shipping Brock
listen you got a lot of Johnson files to
get completed
yeah I'm just saying that's the stack of
work that's on your desk I don't care
that you're six years old
pretend that you're grown-up and that
you have a mortgage a wife and kids and
you got to get all that work done before
the end of the day get busy and sign
those Johnson files young man we've
reduced Brock's autograph to Abby
because of this but you guys we're
trying to get Brock to sign all 2,000
it's quite the chore me Collette and the
other kids will but Brock and she's
packing as quick as you can
good job all right stacks on stacks on
stacks Brock is questioned overtime he's
been reduced to just a because he's so
yeah skytruss giant Staten Island early
signs he gets fruits you hope your enjoy
your Brock sign calendars you're just
gonna get a little B above the gate here
on the back so that's your signature
from Brock you've gone dude B he signed
about 1,200 of them we're pretty proud
of him so sorry sorry sorry sorry
give it here I'll open the next year
okay he's had six bags of fruit snacks I
think
okay how do you know you're getting sick
of signing calendars when you start to
take a nap what are all these things are
those are things from the postage oh
this is the postage for all the
calendars all right well take a nap in
there hope you're comfortable crazy
boxes boxes boxes how we doing boys
you're getting them we need those I
pulled it around I'm not sure what's
happening the boys are getting really
sick okay Dax go gays moving go through
the tricks in store Oh eat sit he eats
it it's all right hot back up Pentatonix
is singing you they're singing you on
your way go here he comes ladies and
gentlemen dive safe in here hold still
ready laid out I'm a slide you ready
ready step aah we're still signing guys
my hand face feet and feelings are sore
everything's sore we got it hey guys all
right now we're just taking a walk we've
been it
Valley Mall where the tricks in store is
finding calendars and we've got a lot
signed rock shaking stay inside more so
but still my design calendar by them yes
and we just got some snacks
lemonade's really good I'm excited to
drink it this evening all right you guys
did you feel that did you order a
calendar cuz look here's your calendars
let's just see let's pick this one right
here whose calendar is this
hey Cindy Cindy from Mac congi
Pennsylvania I don't know how to
pronounce but your calendars coming
we're shipping them Derek I'm gonna be
vlogging can you just load those just
keep loading them yeah I'm vlogging here
dude just stack them in there I'm busy
anyways you guys we have a whole trailer
with the calendars there they go
United States Post Office you just dump
them in there look at this stacks man
here they come everybody we're shipping
them out the world I'm wearing the world
to you right now hey guys okay we're
back in the producer leave the pretzels
and bring all the sugar all the sugar
it's gone and it's some strawberry one
but we signed a lot of calendars look
check this out Lia's sigh I got look
like a vias new signature I would love
it she like has really perfected her
signature Wow so cool you know those do
it's been or others look through them
with your eyes
diesel today binoculars what would you
call them be not cute enough I don't
used to come and we've got freeze
beautiful babies back there hi lady
I love done there he was trying to make
lots of girlfriends for your voice yeah
you know what I notice about your kids
they're always stylish they always look
so dang cute they're like a little
picture magazine you too I'm not dissing
you just as I say other children are
stylish dressing Brophy I know this one
would never let me dress her you guys
just go back and watch the vlogs where
she dressed herself a little girl oh she
did she did not we fought in the
mornings I would fight with Navy I'm
like you I want you to wear this to
outfit that I bought you
put together her own outfit she's been
doing that since she was his age
mmm hey they come with a thing yep and
that's okay because now she has like
this very keen fashion sense Maddie she
did have developed had I no difference I
got freedom right right hey hey Rach are
you going to hug Jackson wants to hug
big hugs oh wow are you good are you
guys okay those are types we change and
go home no no it's too shabby also
Wellsville is Derek yes sir so pretty I
love those mountains I I'd take it
I'd ski down those yep I wouldn't hike
up my last seems tough at ski the
helicopters gonna keep that exactly
let's go sir
okay papa look into the chopper all
right we're almost done we're almost
done we're almost done um so we signed
and sent the first mm and then we're
just signing a bunch more so if you
haven't ordered one yet and you still
want to get a Shaytards calendar there's
a high likelihood that you could get a
signed one if you do it like in the next
24 hours I'd say 80% change we're gonna
probably sign like 300 extra so if you
order one you might get a signed order
and if you've already ordered one before
today you're definitely getting a signed
one so okay good job guys good work
that's a lot you guys my hand is sore
you guys are killing it Emme thanks for
stacking them so nice down there
stacking them up okay we are finished
signing calendars oh my gosh that was
quite the ordeal the kids did great
though didn't complain at all look at
this warehouse you guys this is where we
ship all of the tricks and stuff from
around the world it's pretty tight
quarters I'm thinking that after the new
year we're gonna get rid of the store in
the mall we've been here for about seven
hours
i've only seen maybe like ten people max
come in the store so it's kind of an
expensive warehouse to have a store in
the mall I mean we do all
of our shipping 87% of our business is
ecommerce so having a store in the mall
isn't proving to be like the best idea
so I think we're gonna get a warehouse
because we need a way bigger shipping
warehouse the majority of the stores out
there but we do most of the work back
here so I think we might be getting rid
of the store in the mall after the new
year which is sad because if you guys
didn't know the story this is the exact
same mall Cache Valley Mall in Logan
Utah where my grandpa Jean started his
clothing store just like four stalls
down like my mom and dad met in this
building so it was cool to have our very
first clothing store here it was
monumental it was momentous to me but
it's it's been kind of slow so I think
we're gonna get rid of it anyways
probably after the new year oh so if you
wanted to come see the tricks in store
you got to come before the new year
because we're probably get rid of it
anyway it's got to get these kids fed
and get home Dejan thanks buddy
good job we got a lot done send a lot a
lot of stuff out yes kisses my mom all
right you guys so look we're about out
of stuff we only have one Daxton left so
you better get down to the store and
pick yourselves up a dachshund before
they're all sold out what are you doing
in there what care of him so he doesn't
fall out of there you guys just like all
these Christmas lights they'll Christmas
trees tree is lying Street has lights on
colorful beautiful I look I just want
one just turned green big there
Chris ha little town rabbit we're
driving home we're in a little tiny town
in southern Idaho making it beautiful
and all of the lights room look at these
lights about to announce my face look
look earlier today they're great ever
seen Chris was like job yeah okay this
Way's the time okay then it just cut
again can't you have a good day
pretty good day that's whose hand is
sore
we signed a lot of calendars he was
laughing too small you know what Rach I
think what we'll do is when we get home
let's cut it off Kay yeah there's some
ideas like more lights yes tip the city
is Christmassy they're popping I was
gonna say the city is Christmassy and I
think I said this titty is mix Missy I
don't know right cut all this right now
by Christmas okay
