follow along to the thing Chasez to the
Ming che does with his whole family in
dusty go deep
for you and so
Oh daddy love that daddy
Oh baby oh that's the spot right there
oh yeah what are you laughing at what
are you laughing at well tag talking
okay I'm gonna go lay down Oh
oh boy that is so precious look he's
looking at you do you love him what are
you doing here the burper you have two
official jobs around here clean up
Malachi's poop and burp the baby
actually three jobs what's your other
job
oh so you're in charge of excrement and
increment sets today I woke up and I
said I need something in my life do you
know what I need in my life I need a
treadmill I need a treadmill we're down
there watching TV or I'm reading Twitter
on my iPhone I need to be walking or
slowly jogging so we're gonna go out
today and try to find a treadmill you
want to hold a baby hold on son tards
doing this chore he's your little
brother do you know he's gonna look up
to you when you grow up
you're gonna make good choices so
brother tard we'll look up to you yeah
that's good huh cuz he is he's gonna
look up to you he's me like that's my
big brother and he's gonna want to do
the things that you do so if you make
bad choices he's gonna be like oh that
must be the cool thing to do is make bad
choices but we don't want that do we
what do we want good that's right you're
gonna be a good big brother
see look at he's staring at you already
he's like wow I won't wear I want to
wear a sleeveless yellow shirt when I
grow up that's what he's thinking right
now he thinks that must be awesome I'm
gonna film it so I remember what it
looks like when I go to the other one
okay so this is the health writer I like
this one that has these buttons are
actual buttons and not like touch like
those are
do you guys know anything about
treadmills what's the best kind of
treatment she's saying Proform is good I
don't funny that I don't want that one
because I don't like that orange is that
Sicilian I don't want this treadmill I'm
like pet oranges ugly I think it'll be
grossed out when I'm working out and I'm
looking at that orange but I like this
one over here because I like it's like
just he's better I like how big the
water bottle things are I could put
giant milkshakes in here that fit
perfectly check it out look we're gonna
get right here what's it called what's
it called kids do you remember what's it
called when you get a parking spot
that's right in the very front to the
front of the store what do you call it
or you can just abbreviate it and call
it the best spot in the lot we got the
best spot in the lot or the best parking
space in the whole wide world so I just
tweeted I have this new tipping method
and I want to know what you guys think
about it I on the receipt you know where
it says add the tip what are they right
I wrote fill in what you think is fair
and I thought that would be funny like
if I was a waiter I thought that would
be cool mommy tire had a different take
on it but that was my wording because
they're kind of sounds like you didn't
do a good job see mommy's been a
waitress before I've only been a busboy
in the cook and a dishwasher but mommy
tart took it as like oh so you don't
think I did a very good job but then
what I wasn't meant that way isn't it
like you know I don't think people would
take advantage of it I think people
would fill in like you know like 20
percent or whatever yeah I don't think
anybody would try to write in like a
hundred dollars I gave you just left a
blank or maybe they're not allowed to
maybe that's against the law you're not
allowed to just fill it in but what if
you write that you're allowed to and you
sign it like if you signed it and you
wrote it you might be able to be
interesting I want to try it we didn't
do it I just said
you know regular amount but I just
thought like that'd be interesting to
find out I'm just to see what people
would do I don't think people would take
advantage of you does anything I think
they would know that you would come back
and be like come on a hundred dollar tip
that's a little crazy I want to try it
though you said whatever I think I think
that I am worth a hundred dollars what I
would worry about though is if they
didn't get a tip because they're not
allowed that would be bad what do you
guys think we guys think about that I
want to try it like for reals and then
just make maybe go outside of the
restaurant and wait for like 20 minutes
and then come back in and say so what
did you write in and curious it was just
an experiment that they said oh I can't
write out okay here's here's a tip
sometimes lets me do another one hey
you're naked you should have your
clothes on little one Michie oh that's
so pretty
she fooled you Thunder let's see it just
ate crap we got to work we need to give
in gymnastics that's a pathetic
cartwheel even though boys don't
necessarily need to be able to do good
cartwheels you couldn't let's see do one
right now her little brother tard
did you do cartwheels no I'm just a
little baby this movie Batman and The
Dark Knight
it is pg-13 intense sequences of
violence and some menace can you handle
menace what do you guys think about
menace should I let Sun tarred and print
this turd watch this movie with me yeah
they both want to very badly
and mommy Tarr doesn't really want them
to watch it she said no I don't think
they should watch it and I'm like maybe
Sun tarde can watch it if I am here with
him and it's not a scary environment but
now Princess heard once watch it I'm
just like maybe they shouldn't
so practiced hard asked me I said she
said what's a call that I said it's
Batman in the dark
night and she goes is it dark all of the
night and what did you say to Princess
start what's in the movie and what did
you say princess dark I love blood no
you don't that's freaky
what are you a vampire Dracula so what
if this is so super scurrying you have
bad dreams
what if you do how do you know what if
you dream tonight and you and you wake
up terrified and you see these scary
guys on it we be mad at me yeah what do
you think centaur
are you picking your nose this isn't no
picking your nose
that's why chicken thigh so I'm trying
to decide if I'm gonna let him watch it
or not oh we're going to get the
treadmill right now you guys ready
here's what here's my new thing I'm
gonna watch a movie every night
the catch is I have to be walking on the
treadmill so I'm gonna watch this movie
I've been wanting to see this because I
saw it once in theaters along you know
when it first came out and I saw a clip
the other day what Hey look who it is
it's boob darden and broccoli pants
people are saying rock tart and brother
tard should be Brock tard I think we
should call him broccoli broccoli tart
yeah if it's tiny tard Rock tard and
brother tart all added to one is
broccoli tiny okay wait brother tard
brother Rock and tiny broccoli tard what
do you think
broccoli guard what mouth guy stinks
we're gonna say spit it out today
Junior what are you gonna say no teeth
but the start said no teeth tard they
like that no teeth start the story
maybe tired what are you doing are you
offering your thumb to rock tard he was
kind of fussing and baby tard goes over
and like tries to give him her thumb
like here try this it works for me
you're not supposed to suck on your
thumb though huh we don't want to teach
him that that's a bad manners that was
sweet of you though do you think I'll
suck on your thumb hey you want
something else you're a good sister
he's crying a little bit huh that's okay
good to put mittens on him she doesn't
scratch himself he keeps scratching his
face yeah push the red button
what color are the numbers you see the
numbers there orange that's closer to
green that's red I mean close they're
red let me see they make sure you're
filming yeah you're filming okay so we
got a health rider health rider we
should got a sponsor one for this health
writer please send me my money back
cuz I am promoting your product in this
video please this wasn't too bad it was
a couple hundred bucks but uh I'm gonna
walk on it every night
what'd you think pretty start you liked
it oh you're gonna help me figure out
how to put it together
Oh cuz I I'm not very good at putting
things together
that's crazy
want to see something cool here's the
challenge you guys can do with your
friends get a rubber band and I bet you
I'll even do it right now see they're
our band put your face right close to
the screen ready did you guys clinch
it's almost impossible if somebody does
this to you to not flinch just a little
bit don't shoot your friends eyes out
but try it have a contest to see who
could not flinch get rubber band and go
like this write to your friends and see
who can just like sit there like this
let's see if you can do it ready your
goal is to not flinch
ready the goal is to not flinch your
eyes ready put your hand down put your
hand down
ready oh you get to it what she's doing
is it really nervous
mommy tard I am a man and I can say this
is better at building and putting things
together than I am why and I don't I'm
just like screw though let's just put
them together but we got a ton of screws
and bolts and tow nothing over here and
so I always have mommy try to help me
because she's way better than I am nice
so she says
have I got a little story for you yeah
what you thought watch for today was
nothing more tears the age 30 isn't this
cool you put your iPod right in here and
play the music it'll come through the
speakers there's a fan right here and
you can just put like Oh mommy Jordan
wants to run 7 miles an hour down to
three anyways what's what well those are
like it's called I fit you can get like
different programs and plug it in there
so it remembers your workout all that
kind of stuff
well there it is I'm gonna be walking on
that thing and watching movies I like
that it's by the window too because I
can get a fresh breeze coming through
there I like it what do you guys think
pretty freakin awesome
daddy cards gonna burn some calories
klore breeze
