just sit back relax follow along to the
deep
let me
is why
are you done you're done being in
timeout how did you learn your lesson
come here why are you in trouble
look at me why are you in trouble what
did you do wrong huh
are you not listening to mommy you
weren't listening to mommy huh do you
want to sit in timeout more you're gonna
done are you done I'm gonna get out I'm
out
are you gonna listen to mommy now say
yes daddy
all right baby tart has just learned a
new word and it's no and she likes to
use it a lot when her mommy tells her to
do something and she likes to say no but
that's not appropriate huh what do you
say when mommy tells you to do something
what are you supposed to say huh what do
you say you say yes mommy
huh say yes daddy
I say I will obey you say I will obey
you are you picking your nose topic your
nose that's gross you know don't do that
stop picking your nose where you going
where you going come here listen to me
hey no picking your nose okay oh sure
can you say postpartum depression come
on it you are so stylish you always look
good alright you guys so I was just
sitting there editing my video and Mommy
tart comes down with these giant tears
in her eyes and she goes I can't make
dinner okay I'll go get dinner it's just
this you guys she's okay but you know
you've heard of postpartum depression a
lot of women after they have the baby I
don't know what it is I mean some of you
probably know about it better than I do
monitor has always been really good she
ought usually has like though a week
course
like I'm just fat and frumpy my boobs
hurt overwhelmed so it's my job to
handle everything so I said I'll make
dinner honey no big deal I'll make
dinner for everybody which means I pull
out my debit card and make everything
better in a sense but oh we're here
getting dinner cuz I said okay you just
sit down lay down I'll take like kids
use chill I'll feed him dinner and
that's what we're doing okay I always
asked I do you realize I asked that a
lot son tarf I just I think I say that
because I want you to say something I
want you to interact with me so I always
put the camera in here Mike are you
excited
do you realize as I do that a lot I
realize that when I'm filming I'm like
quit asking them if they're excited
let's just talk about something son
tardy what do want to talk about thank
you we're gonna talk about the Karate
Kid you love you like that movie densha
I was uh I don't know I was up in the
air about it it was pretty good I'm just
such a fan of the original it was really
hard for me to see you know the new
version it was good I thought Jaden
Smith did really well he hadn't seen it
go see it I seriously and probably one
of the biggest Karate Kid fans me and my
brother watched that show over a hundred
times the original and I've seen all the
sequels also but sundried loved it it
was good huh yeah that's pretty soon to
be you wanna do karate all right one
more thing to sign you up for what did
you say you want to do cardio after what
okay but what about swimming lessons and
football practice tough just squeeze
them all in there I've said this before
I'll say it a million times the funniest
and best stuff happens when the camera's
not on and it's at so it's never as good
when I like try to recreate it but this
girl inside it just goes nice hat bud
and looked at Sun tart and what did you
say to her
Thanks show me one more time he points
at her gives her a little wink and a nod
it goes Thanks
it's such a ladies man dude I love it
well no I don't sting from girls they're
bad news
Thanks love you
call me fried chips and cells you got
here how do you feel you happy got your
salmon and steamed vegetables
where's my salmon and you're
surprisingly okay with that I like the
finals
yeah it's cleaning up it gets boring
yeah but once there's you know some
action going on I was explaining to them
about postpartum depression it's true
thing happens and even though I know
when it's happening it still happens oh
we love you jeez mom why you got to be
crying all the time I'm fine I just want
some food and changing my bum and I
sleep long and I just lay here my
bassinet and stare at daddy oh yeah you
gave birth to a white-trash hillbilly
why well that I like trucks and shooting
deer danger giel hey cutie face this is
like so easy you just put the camera on
him it's just like adorableness hey hey
brother tard hey Rock tard
hey Rock tard a junior turn right we're
never gonna get you a name you're just
gonna have to be multiple names
okay broseph he's gone growl sigh kids
keep calling him a she it's a he of
crazy boys hey hey dude you're a your
pee oh god girl no you're a boy
we'll stop talking your brother ashy
careful you guys are shaking the crap
out of him
look you're making his stars ruckus son
tired can you beat these two hoodlums up
for me
and tards the bodyguard get him get him
there we go
you got the handle Atta kid we're just
watching get JIT
oh we're just watching take over the job
Oh words in Jimmy Kimmel rec and we're
saying to ourselves hey Jessica Alba
nobody is looking at your face what why
are we not looking under your face I
don't know it's just it's just an
interesting one is that they're just
like you know those t-shirts that have
like a woman's body with a bikini right
on the teacher that reminds me she
doesn't need a bra on that shirt does
she
they're just like little buckets whoa I
don't know what you think but that's
kind of like one of my favorite trips
I've ever seen anyways I'll just lay
here no one cares about me anyways so
about kids and baby babies I'm so
different
