hey guys what's going on we're home from
the hospital as you guys know and we are
just trying to get back into like a
little routine here Rock tarde is a
hungry tard he did not sleep at all last
night and he's trying to take turns with
tamami but since she has the food she
has to wake up with him mostly so I
tried to hold him and change his diaper
and burp him and stuff so we're just
really tired today
I hardly got any footage from yesterday
what I did as I gave Sun tarde the
camera and I said dude you have got to
be the men in the family today you have
to take the vlog upon your shoulders so
I gave him the camera and said film
whatever you want to film and it's about
an hour and a half of just him dancing
and put her like this like right up on
his face and his eye and his teeth and
so I ended it about an hour and a half
down to four minutes and I'm gonna give
it to you guys today but we'll try to
kind of get back on track and get the
vlogs back going would just you know
what the new baby it's weird
we got everything's like different now
but uh where everything's good mommy and
baby everything's healthy but like I
said we just got to get back into
routine so here
his debut of vlogging action is Sun
tardes day which was edited down quite a
bit
Oh take it away Sun guard hey guys it's
me so tired I'm going started trickling
to get some ice cream
we're gonna go get ice cream with Han
Kyrie and cousin taro the princess start
baby Tyra coming mom and daddy are
staying home with the baby mommy
Taiwan's two Orioles or a small oral to
Bali style Tigers is burning
present-day styles are people bond not
sound very stylish at all sounds like a
fancy poop means bad last weekend me
daddy tard
and princess tard waits to see Karate
Kid last night in a was awesome and you
thought karate Stockton and this low kid
was trying to fight and then the kid
that came in Chinese the kid was riding
the kids told him that he was finding
those little kids
my god girl is gonna take Kylie Stiles
back don't take the car okay hey guys
hey guys are in a good time yeah
sit up don't push or you're gonna get
your toenails staple to your eyebrow
we're gonna do one chocolate kitty cone
no these are the non 100 you Vagan hey
what's up why do I say that camera my
face what do you want me to do what a me
just to perform for you huh
how's been going today you've been doing
a good job yeah
the Centaur doesn't charge of the vlog
today cuz mommy and daddy are tired
rocked our didn't sleep at all last
night and so we're just chilling show
look he's awake these little eyeballs
rock rock tard let me see that the
battery is already empty on it how much
did you film did you film a lot mommy
tard what's the name in brother tard I
like rock tard and mommy tar Mike's
brother tard
I just have a Fillion we're just gonna
name him whatever just a bunch of
different names so I'm tired how much
should you film already the battery's
dead us have been filming a lot and the
lens is pretty smudged with grease
little fingers
