so you are not watching the shades are
gorgeous if Natalie likes following
water to the same shakers to the things
he does from a deal family and just
become deeper his life online you got a
brainless home for two I'm ready for a
baby also let it be clear night he was
logging here boy my mom college like you
have got to get your wife some flowers
okay okay geez I should have said that I
should have said it's my idea mom wasn't
this a good idea I had to come get
flowers from my wife Shay I'm such a
nice husband okay so we're getting her
some flowers I may get her
yeah well thank you guys can send
presents too no my mom wants to get a
peel bug so bad she said just get just
get a pill box and everybody can send
gifts for the baby I'm like mom I'll
just turn into like this big I know you
guys will probably with her but I just I
don't want you guys to send us stuff
just watching her videos does enough
people like to buy baby you want to send
us a gift just rewatch this video that's
all you gotta do yeah I know but I don't
want to spoil the kids I'll get so much
toys and stuff and they already have so
much crap anyways huh
don't you agree princess already have
too much you want more excited to bring
the baby home he's so excited and now
it's an exciting huh come here let's go
pick out a candle for mom trying to
decide and picking out of these these
candles so we're getting ready to go
pick up mommy tart and a little boy tart
I don't know we were gonna call him
still
here's his car seat mommy said make sure
you bring his blanket and this car seat
this latches on but I'm just cleaning
the room I just made the bed not nice
husbandly of me now check it out these
are the flower psychologies think right
here it says it's a boy it's a little
wagon it says it's a boy I don't know I
guess that's cute right
that cute am I good and then I also
bought her this candle it's apple
harvest so it's gonna be sweet so she
comes home the bed we made house is
clean I just vacuumed the carpet the
flowers are there there's a candle there
I'm already okay let's go get her you
guys excited yeah Oh little rocked our
this is going to be his first time in
the van huh we're gonna teach him how to
dance
son tard how long till you think you
start teaching them your dance moves I
think it's bigger I don't know dude you
might get started getting some of that
rhythm right now all right
I don't know why kicks you're wearing
sunglasses apparently you're too cool
for school now I came out got in the van
and they all had sunglasses on I'm like
all right I guess you guys think you're
pretty awesome get over here in the
hospital let's go get mommy okay it's
your last chance to feel like a baby oh
you're heavy son tired kitty carrier
let's see if you can carry here nice
dude
you're BA all right get out of there
that's not yours that let's rock cards
alright you carry it okay let's go come
on come on hey guard let's go hello he's
locked in he's got his harness all
locked up you're gonna be a little
fighter pilot right Chuck you're gonna
be a little fighter pilot for kids of
these kids touches there's no lack of
attention yes yeah
these little stones maybe hey you ready
to go bro tard
Josephine Oh oh you're so good okay
we're ready let's go here's ready let
Daddy carry him okay that's his little
blanket you look so small in there watch
out let me see look at my hand this is
my hand I could crush his head
so here was this who's this little guy
what's he doing in here hmm
he smells into student alloc I know
eating the new baby okay
hooker dude oh goodness have some
chicken fingers and stood oh good yeah
that's right you better not eat me I'll
kick your butt try to do a baby's voice
what do you think so sweet ah that's so
sweet baby Charlie what's the matter
lose the tude dude just woke up alright
chill out what do you think am I so
sweet like your new candle I bought you
I'm so awesome
hmm you never got me a candle all right
little grumpy wrinkly face is hungry he
looks angry mommy's gonna feed and then
you can hold them Kay
first botanist and I was watching it
like twice a week released once a week
for sure
I was like oh our new man
then that's rehab something for a while
you know at work just like kind of stop
so what you stopped caring about it it
kind of loses that like new feeling
you're like oh yeah this is a nice man I
don't ever watch it anymore and all
sudden one day you look at it you're
like oh my neck
what white trash family drives that kid
mobile I realized I was that guy
so we're here watching it another reason
is we're just trying to get out of the
house mama the baby you're at home
relaxing and these kids are driving her
crazy
oh you guys will see but they're just
like I want to touch him on all that
they would like not leave him alone for
two seconds little frustrating for mommy
card he's trying to beat him and they're
all oh look at his eyes look how small
his nose
it's okay they're curious like okay guys
leave the baby alone though so then
alright we'll go out just a nurse so
we're here watching the band the kids
are inside screaming every time I spray
the window
Friday night guys seriously cool
 dude I was cows the gesture of the
party I'd show up in the black J's here
is the party master it's the body master
now I'm washing my band on a Friday
night but I wouldn't trade it for the
world
on your mark get set go
get it and all the sofa you don't got to
dance when you do it take off your balls
very fast
you only got 30 seconds left at all like
somebody wants oh hey
do you want a boobie you hungry hungry
bud hey little man what you want you
want some steak want some steak and
potatoes huh we'll get you some shrimp
want some shrimp little boy some shrimp
some steak potatoes can you pick him up
yourself above the light over here
can be very careful you'll be so careful
he'll support his neck and his head he
got him he just fart hold his head hold
his head be careful okay thanks your
little brother what do you think like
him you like him just like him you love
him
yeah that's so cute is he hungry
I just ate him kisses your big brother
now what do you think soft be soft good
boy oh you're a good big brother
cute Oh big yawn all right love you okay
yeah what you got there wait supplies
your supply this is what's that a new
baby monitor I bought that for you it's
your niece so sexy huh such a sexy
husband you are bye baby monitors got my
roll
you got your role in your water those
are nice little jugs and bacon that's a
nice water thing yeah Oh Shay Shay Carl
areas
this little guy sleep red he's kind of
been rustling around a little bit he
does he's a pooper oh he's a pooper
scooper how do you fill two days after
you had a baby baby can you dance at all
no no dancing Oh dancing allowed love
you
