hi I'm walk-in here so
for a year late so
ready for Minnie's
t-minus three hours we're going to the
hospital
mommy tire does have a little
celebratory asphalt pie as it's called
guys what a day things are about to get
different in our lives I would say my
life but apparently some of you are
along for the ride also so it's all of
our lives it's crazy man four Quatro
Quatro Nino's just hope everything goes
smoothly I'm just worried that we're
gonna call because we're supposed to
call at 5:30 when you're induced when
they induce labor the hospital you have
an appointment but it's only if you know
some other girl doesn't come in because
of her water broke I tested that in the
last vlog so we could call it 5:30
they're saying they could say sorry your
beds taken up somebody is actually
having their baby you know so they had
to take it so that's the frustrating
thing you know if you hear like call it
all day you're like okay okay 5:30 we're
gonna go in and you call cuz they always
have you call first just make sure you
know that they have room for you still
enough they know you call and you're
like hey we're coming and they're like
no you can't come you're like ha ha ha
but it's big day man so I can say I'm
just thinking about stuff thinking about
my family and got you guys and just
about my life you know
thanks for coming along for the ride I
can't believe you guys can't believe how
many people watch these videos and just
what a hand that's such a I'm not gonna
cry
anyway it's just just got some stuff on
my mind today you know yeah that's a big
day you guys know I'm talking about all
right
going to swimming lessons to pick up my
family love you daddy
yes I know that at some point not you're
gonna wanna know I didn't either it is
one Allah 2:00 in the morning um we just
all fell asleep for about an hour
Oh in the hospital just finally called
us so we are now headed to the hospital
Carly and Logan are at our house
watching the kids the kids are asleep of
course and there's five my mom's gonna
meet us at the hospital and we're going
now you guys I'm so tired but I'm so
excited
you know the tired giddy feel like Emily
we're doing this at 1:00 in the morning
now that it's here it seems ridiculous
that we got were like so stressed out
and so like I mean you weren't you you
were amazing I was I was freakin I don't
know why I mean this is I'm a veteran
the veteran this is our fourth kid but I
was like so frustrating
what deal was but okay sworn the
hospital years we have this baby let's
do it whoo yeah whoo my job is to film
as much as as of this as you will let me
before you start screaming I am I will
scream I won't scream I mean I will I
will film as much as I can you guys
before she starts yelling and screaming
of course we'll edit that part out
finally we just leave it it's locked
well most little clothes for the safety
of your patients these doors are locked
between ours
Oh laughs where's your button oh I wish
my cheerio you can see us there's a
camera okay hi um we want to come inside
and have a baby please thanks love you
she said okay here we go
we're gonna have the baby in that bed
excited I'm so tired I'm just gonna lay
down ah uh-huh knee hurts pushing put
your robe on when you go
I'm dancing to relax mommy turn are you
relaxed I could go get one of the aunt
so it's happening now time to relax
mommy tarts all hooked up these early
and there's the baby's heartbeat right
there
so just waiting I should give him a
little lesson I gotta be his little
lesson real quick okay up right here is
the progression chart this is one
centimeter mommy tars is right now
dilated to two centimeters that's what
that means she has to get to this that's
ten centimeters that's what the baby's
head comes out of out of out of half
like that so they just give her some
medicine to help her die away from a -
from the little one that's a - goes to
three four five six seven eight nine ten
so she just evaluate to a ten that's
what the baby comes and it's the process
it hurts
yeah it's the the contractions until you
get the epidural yeah the epidural you
can't really fill it up for that thank
you but basically what the contractions
do is it's like a happy yeah I mean you
can't compare a contraction it's like if
you swallowed a quarter I swallowed a
quarter once and like I got these pains
in my stomach I don't know if it's like
that what's it like yeah it sounds worse
than having a baby oh really I did I
swallowed a quarter once and it was like
the quarter like my stomach was working
the quarter down I was a kid I was like
six I don't know stupid I'm sorry that
was sex I didn't mean to that's what
we're talking about me mommy time for
fighting attractions make it open you
know bigger bigger baby comes down so
that's what we're doing right now okay
bye
the girl annex room is screaming just
like mommy card stuff more we talked
about yet well you will scream like that
I won't will you okay she's having
contractions every couple minutes where
every time it goes up there's a
contraction is 4:15 in the morning so
we're just chillin you guys want to see
my bed this is my bed right here look
there's my shoes it's a pretty boring
look at my shoes on the floor how you
doing mom I'm tired I can't try to get
up sleep on back to inside I can't sleep
this now daytime and mommy tours about
the baby
oh no but to see here in a second huh
okay so me and mom just came downstairs
to get a little bite little breakfast
what do you do and now we're going back
up and mommy charges texted me and said
she's about to get the epidural in a
minute that's where they give you a
giant needle in your back to make the
pain go away so and it hurts shut up mom
I'm gonna hurt you yes baby yes I meant
for you have white food it's like fourth
baby if you've never had a baby hurt I
hope you guys trust me look at my belly
cut the green cord
I'm going to give you half the dose
then over you know four or five minutes
if it's not nothing
blood pressures
sorry
is this an assumed
that topper hey we're done so better
better the drugs
I know how you turn that pan off
okay update so um mami tarde has she has
an epidural in her that was it thanks
she just said that's really bad lighting
just k2 I don't know
fill the contraction oh the pressure
yeah she's still having these
contractions every see every time it
goes up I can't member who I've
explained it to do you think you're
ready the fellow anyway she had what
school she had what's called an intra
thecal which is like you know numbs her
legs like she can't feel her legs right
now and it only lasts for two hours and
then if they need to they the epidurals
hooked up like there's there's a tube in
her spine so if they have to put
medicine in the tube it'll it'll help
but she should happen to you she's
dilated to a nine and a half remember
did I did we look at our circles so
she's almost that biggest one right
there so she'll be having the baby next
thirty minutes
oh yeah I was painful in here for a
little while oh my goodness pretty
unhappy territory yes going better no
drugs are the best today I always say go
drugs don't do drugs unless you're
having a baby having a baby he is so
adorable he looks pissed you look like a
fire 8 to 7 fatso oh I'm sorry I did see
this oh he's a Blackfoot bet you've
heard that joke a million times
oh yes seventies already being difficult
filling okay good easy
that was the easiest well it's crazy
because it's a long story I will tell
you about it but uh that was the easiest
birth she's ever had she like barely had
a push and it came right up who's eight
three
she's when I meet him here he is he
little boy is it it oh boy oh there's no
prettier eyes
I like seeing his head little old man
face oh he hungry he hungry yeah how's
my little boy are you my little baby boy
he's looking he's rooting as they say
yeah okay here you go
mommy's got a little present for you
I'll loan them to you for a while all
right bro you like this part getting
pushed around
I heard that heard that little man what
you doing you ready to take your first
elevator ride huh
yeah let's go to the top all right here
we go here we go cutie his eyes are open
hi hi yeah they'd be back asleep excited
to see your new brother
yeah excited ah okay come on let's go
see him what do you think what do you
think you like him should we keep him
maybe tard what do you think she's
scared he's so adorable huh yeah yeah
see shakin he might be a little cold
that's we wrap up in the blanket he's
gonna hold him yeah okay let's take
turns okay
sit down I'll take turns daddy what a
little his little ear huh Wow
I just don't want her ear upsets him
he's okay he'll be fine yeah it's a
heating
he's a little boy he's cute your little
brother you're not the baby anymore he's
the baby he will still call you baby
turn okay what should we call him guitar
- baby card - what if we called him rock
tard
Caesar tarde
what do you think is that what you call
him little tard junior tard tiny tard
when he grows up
yes baby turn stinky not mom get up a
little bit
you guys it gets him if you want you can
kiss his head okay say we love you
little brother okay Frances hardly did
not like baby turn to Mike she's like
who do you think you are want to hold
him alright let's take turns
oh look at him yes and look at you are
all these guys I recognize their voices
you guys
he recognizes your voices he can hear
you guys when he was a little when he
was inside mommy's belly he can hear you
guys always screaming so you probably
remembers you laughing Oh yelling he's
so adorable
like what is going on oh I'm so tired
okay daddy's gonna go pass out in alley
somewhere
