so
follow along to the thing Shea says to
the thing she does with his family and
us
for you
it's like an execution it's a reverse
executed only I'm gonna say like where
it's coming out of I think we all know
that one place that come out of your
nose what if the hand just came out of
your ear all of a sudden you guys so
here's F de mommy tard I just had an
appointment with the doctor and this
might grow some of you I don't know is
it gross I don't know what its cervix is
I know it's in there somewhere cervix
cervix anyways apparently the cervix our
cervix or whatever that little part is
it has to thin out I don't I can only
imagine that's it to me I just think if
it's like a big piece of prime rib for
some reason just give it an update here
some people like specific she's dilated
there's mom's car she's dilated to a 2
there's my mom and centaur
we're going right now we're going to
watch um princess tart and perform her
cheerleading
okay so mommy's dilated to a 2 and she
has an appointment to go have the baby
tomorrow basically right it's induced
which means you'll have the baby hi sir
is my choice I can decide not to yo
another week overdue
wait I mean the doctor said he thinks
that the baby is seven pounds five
ounces which is about seven almost eight
pounds so that's it's good the baby's
done cooking right
mommy's nervous he's ready
you sure ready are you ready so what
time tomorrow night tomorrow night at
6:00 we're supposed to go in and have
this baby we have an appointment
affectionately yeah if it all works for
last time um they're gonna induce son
tired and they said okay call us they
gave us an appointment they said okay
tomorrow morning call us at seven eight
and you come in and have the baby so we
started calling them and they're like
well you can't come in because other
ladies their water broke and so then
there's like there was no room there's
no room there's no beds so it could not
happen tomorrow night it could happen I
mean it's just you guys were some
patient as you are you think you guys
are more sick of waiting than we are
no oh by the time this video is up we're
gonna be in the hospital Morrow
tomorrow's the day maybe I mean you guys
we want we want to have the baby as fast
as much as you guys do so tomorrow
hopefully we'll see her that's a great
job doing a good job
sister summersisle yeah
I would be dizzy
'lord somersault
what worry shocks me Oh Oh my stupid bed
tard does that happen to anybody else
every time I move this bed it's like the
metal frame 0:08 being shocked it's like
the metal framing it's static and like I
touch on the side and it shocks me don't
tase me bad don't tase me bro
well we're not getting a baby today but
we are getting a new member of the
family
yay we're getting a king-size bed yeah
yeah yeah mommy are sick of being close
to each other hey she sounds NORs she
pees the bags of you I like being
pregnant because I don't have to help
you I'm scared of it oh you guys also I
don't I am gonna have a little foam BIA
being shocked because when I did granite
countertops I got shocked a lot the way
I told us through already because I ever
when you're cutting out the backsplash
is you'd have to like pull the outlets
out of the wall sometimes like when I
was pulling out I get shocked so I have
a little little hateful you guys you
haven't seen yet to piece by a mini
mafia is up on the station dang girl you
look good
go check it out and famous the music
video for famous is come out next week
so be watching on the station okay
alright so we're gonna do Kings has been
in here push it let's see push it all
right that is a big bet
no shoes you jump on it but not with his
shoes on okay oh I mean no jumping on it
am i sweating holy crap
help the guy carry it in
scoot over oh yeah definitely do you
like it pretty start that's nice huh
that's huge that's me so sweet I want
you have to be like near you at night
Oh mommy card says no all right so mommy
is supposed to be induced tomorrow night
but we're trying to do a little inducing
ourselves or some tarts I thought you're
like but that's scared are your like
hold on I was like your water broke or
something you wish wish that belly going
mommy tard let's go let's go pump those
arms
what oh I work on the wrong way anyway
so we're trying to wear it sometimes to
football practice and we're trying to
walk around this track to get mommy tard
I don't know why I mean first some crazy
ideas of what puts people into labor
mommy target even heard about this your
sister she had like there's just like
what is it metal fine-tooth comb and
squeeze put you into labor and help you
progress in your labor and then what
something else would like massage your
ankle
my favorite is just have sex well
actually just once didn't work let's
hope so her we're doing it wrong
inappropriate talking about making love
with your wife that's an appropriate dog
that's a piece of meat to deploy your
target a burger prince what's your name
who are you look at me or your baby turn
corn dog and fries would you get dad so
we're at the bar just get me a few
drinks oh there we go
that's delish thank you so much that is
gonna be so healthy
I'm gonna be skinny when I leave here
tonight she laughs like that's never
gonna happen
body back Johnny do the karate kid do
you have a problem with that mr.
Lawrence whoa those cars are closed
sweep the lake okay wave to people drag
his way down there is no mercy in this
dojo is that no carrying you thanks eh
that was a one-er fear welcome coming my
hair cut my hair up here nice some hair
look nice mm-hmm
they be turned into coal minute new beds
comfortable like it you know what I was
thinking it would be cool because we
have a new bed weights will be new
comfort and I will have a baby in my
belly anymore so it's gonna be really
comfortable tomorrow well whenever you
come back from the hospital
yeah all right this is the camera you're
fired okay we're done filming
