that's hard what are you doing
but where are we going to cheerleading
camp he's so excited you're excited
you're not gonna cheer though huh
are you gonna cheer lead gonna be a
cheerleader hey we're gonna update when
when you get back you have to teach just
let you learn okay you look so much like
a cheerleader she was so excited this
morning she wouldn't even eat so I made
her
grillmaster good I'm not eating any of
those though I'm on it I'm not on the
diet I'm on a lifestyle change built
this she's legit comedian flowers look
pretty mom mommy tarts also making a
lifestyle change with her new glasses
what do you think I think they make her
eyes pop as they say in the fashion
industry hey another thing a lot of you
guys like Vulcans not either 15 share
you're such a lawyer why do i why would
I freakin lie about that what is my
motivation to lie of my stupid little
brother's age you're so stupid you're
not either you're such a liar when did
you have him when's your birthday
birthday they're gonna steal your
information he's 15 years old today he
just got his driver's license yeah and
he's only allowed to drive during the
day not at night the big day how old are
you 21
Carly
happy what you a I'm gonna try let's do
a backflip coming to catch the ball in
the air before I do the backflip ball
you ready one two three
you gotta catch it
Hector Dobbs now dad hey guys what's
going on okay so we need to have a
discussion all right can you guys just
relax let's just relax just you know sit
back relax follow along to the things
she says the things Shane does um I need
to talk to you guys for a second about
something that was stupid um okay so you
guys remember a couple weeks ago when we
went to my wives assist brothers wedding
and we're driving home and I saw
remember you guys remember that gigantic
beer factory is like the gigantic
Budweiser science and there's horses
Clydesdales the baby tires like Daddy I
was just joking and I was like today's
episode of shoot charge the sponsored
but Budweiser some of you're like oh
here it comes and then I was like oh
today's sponsor anyways and I said yes
what if we have like sponsors for the
Shaytards well after that video the
emails started pouring in and I talked
you know I've had a lot of different
companies and a lot of different you
know people emailing me say hey we want
to pay you to promote our product and I
was like huh you know I I know how you
guys hate that it was like so loud fell
out you know so I tried to stay away
from it you know I try to stay from the
pre-roll ads on YouTube and stuff like
that but I'm watching the news sorry
anyway so I talked to mommy tart and I
was like hey you know II think we should
do this is this are you guys me a pissed
gonna be mad at me if I start like hey
today's episode is brought to you by
keys keys are awesome they open stuff
Masen keys today would you guys be mad
about that and so I was talking to mommy
tired I'm like I think we should do
these and she said cuz she's a mom
stupid moms she's like well what if we
did him but everything all the money
that we got paid from doing them we put
into the kids college fund and I said
that sounds boring let's buy a lot tub
and of course she won't let me get a
pool so she well she actually said I
couldn't get a hot tub but they're
expensive so um we agreed we said okay
that's a good idea let's start we're not
gonna do a lot but we are gonna
doing product reviews and I thought
another thing like this could be a cool
way to like get some cool stuff you know
instead of happened to pay for it we
could get some cool stuff for instance I
just been in contact with this guy who
has these these stilts you guys remember
watching the Olympics Tara Moniz those
bouncy stilts and I this guy emailed me
and we might do one for them
I want to those look so freakin awesome
like I want like fine products like that
I'm like that looks cool I wanna I wanna
get one of those for free and then and
then hopefully we can get paid to do
some but the rule is said mommy tired if
we do them then all the money that we
make off of doing product reviews on the
Shaytards and they won't be that often
maybe two or three a month but since we
do everyday videos you know it's not
gonna be that often well put towards the
kids college fund and if they don't go
to college then I get all that money
back that's the rule
I think it's a good rule like here's
your college fund if you don't go to
college then daddy's gonna buy you a car
what I'm vlogging here come here what's
up are you ready go to bed princess
start did you have fun at your cheer
camp today yeah okay so tonight is the
first product review are you excited
we're gonna do a product review on a
product can you say product let me smell
your breath
not today smell my breath stink frosting
need anything this is like frosting I've
been eating fruits and vegetables all
day does it like frosting
shut up she's lying again that's like
frosting I swear I did not eat a P of
those cupcakes or of Carly's birthday
cake okay so we're gonna do tonight you
want red or blue or red or blue red we
are a new test out and product review
these Orabrush tongue cleansers that get
rid of bad breath apparently like 90% of
people that have bad breath halitosis is
because your tongue has bacteria on it
do you know somebody who has bad breath
I remember I remember oh I have a great
story about that breath actually I'll
tell you guys
let's go upstairs so Orabrush sent us a
giant pack of these good breath cleaner
things Centauri
you want red or blue so we're gonna go
try now okay
so I'm gonna tell you guys as I'm going
upstairs are we still rolling we're
still wrong this is getting long come on
guys we got to hurry so okay in high
school there was this girl I'll just say
her first name her name was Alicia she
was a year older than me mommy come on
did your Brad bad breath over here
there's a girl named Alicia and she was
a year older than me this was so hot I
was distracted
there was a scroll named Alicia and I
was so in love with her she was so hot
and one day weird a choir concert and I
got to sit next to her and I was like so
I was talking to her and I was like
stinks and I was like the biggest
disappointment of my life because this
trick Alicia I had this huge crush on
her breath was horrible okay you guys
ready
who wants what color red color red or
blue blue we have to put money in
Cooper's college fund thing you want red
okay open I'm hold on let's open these
good thing or a brush sent us like 100
of these does everybody have one
everybody hold it up everybody have one
okay
by the power of Grayskull okay everybody
watch daddy watch daddy you take the
brush and you scrub your tongue with it
like this well you're supposed to like
rinse your mouth out of gear it says get
your tongue moist but like is it your
tongue moist already for all you have
dry tongue get your tongue boys get
ready watch watch me get it and scrub
your tongues your tongue has bugs and
mucus and gross crap there's junebug
okay baby carrots no otherwise it's
upside down yeah there you go
hey scrub your tongue like that scrub
your tongue boo there's gross stuff on
it I like it
Oh your stink your tongue if it tastes
that it's bright because it's scrubbing
all the crap that's on your tongue off
you can see the stuff on your tongue
there's like a little scraper right
there you like sound the very back you
lose a scrape bit like I'll hold up and
scrape it off see look look at that look
I mean you see the gross stuff on mine
yeah you see gross some fun daddy's
Cooper you like it
my thumb definitely smells cleaner
though there's too many tongue Russians
gone here alright so that's our first
review I liked it my tongue definitely
feels cleaner and I think my breath
smells good it does not smell like
frosting click the star you guys want
your own free or a brush you can get one
check out the link in my pants I'll hit
the pays the shipping and you can get
them and if you have bad breath
just get one seriously because brushing
is not the only thing 90% of bad breath
comes from your tongue right yes it's
fun it's like you know when you have an
itch and you can't reach it
so that does so you go to Orabrush comm
slash free and you get a free order
brush I think you just have to pay
shipping so go check it out I'll put my
mop put a couple links down here check
it out all right
there you go kids are going to college
yeah
