so I guess shaycarl here and this little
pretty starred this is something that
happens often or princess tarde will
come down here as I'm doing stuff
uploading my videos or whatever and
she'll be like dad I want to watch the
bikini song oh she wants to watch the
bikini song from the station with me and
run and then she's like dad I want to
watch the orange fruit video so then we
have to go watch the cabbage video with
the way I Noreen Orange episode that I
was in and then she'll just sit here and
just tell me what she wants to watch
after like 20 minutes she just sits on
my back let me watch youtube videos and
we just have this alpha cat if you guys
want her applicat is he just came out
with this new music video and we're just
watching it and Prince is tard oh you
watched it and she goes dad son tard
should see this video right if you would
love it so what I want you to do you're
gonna go upstairs and get him okay go
get him and then we'll show it to him
and I guarantee he will bust out in some
freaking dance movie you know he will
just bust out dancing because this song
is good if you guys have not seen this
video yet I've watched it like six times
link is in my pants
go watch the new video from alpha cat I
love the song I just I've been sitting
here like singing it it's really really
good so let's see what Sun tarde thinks
of this song here we go okay you ready
yeah we were just watching this video
and princess tarde said dad centaur
needs to see this video
okay you ready I got on full screen here
we go
oh by the way I don't really have
permission from alpha cat to put this in
my video board buddies so I'm sure he
doesn't mind okay you guys ready for
this yeah it's bad
okay what do you think is such a G your
G dog you know that yeah okay so you
guys go watch this video it's really
good I've so much like four times
okay bye peace say peace dog please I
have been summoned out of my man cave I
hear the voice of a beautiful tart of
mummy calling me to the upstairs world
there's life up here you're afraid of a
spider
show me captain che we'll take care of
it
I'm the Ranger that's gonna I'm this
town ain't big enough for the both of us
spider tard so I'm tired you won't kill
it
you're usually tough
oh he's a hairy beast I just have the
thing for him I got the same product in
this new product we got
it's called shoe yes hi Shay Carl here
look girly funny my dad's making me do
granite and I ate it I used to do
granite for a living I had to get up at
6 little Marty fine but now it's time
for shade the granite bad to come back
yes
what look at the k55 links in the
underbar my pants seriously holy crap
you guys you go subscribe Logan McCain
55 he's got a v-neck on okay dawg
word to your mother it's my mother -
power tool let's right here that's way
too much that Shaytards is gonna be
underneath this button this piece of
granite from all time and eternity
upside down yeah I know
so one day and a hundred years from now
and somebody pulls that these are
granite off to be like state art that's
gonna be a hundred years woman I have to
do this piece what should we write on
this piece I don't know
think of something something that like
women when people think what I used to
do grandma I do this all the time like
cuz I like to think I'm gonna make my
mark under this crap and I know he's
like my signature and that way it's like
if anybody ever like pulls us off the
walls I mean like
chay-ara there we go now my signature is
on this job that's gonna be powerful
stuff it is it's really good
all right there it is let's see what you
think this is what I used to do for a
living now I know you can lay on that
and stick your belly right there you
want to lay on your stomach there you go
you missed that so now I just do granite
for free for my family that's alright
I'm off we're gonna we'll call it the
top edges oh yeah look sweet huh yes
that goes good with this title I think
this is my parents bathroom they're
remodeling remembered you guys remember
we put this tub in here so I started to
come together huh looks great okay
what's going on what's going on where
did you go which way did he go where'd
he go where'd he go already getting
pretty good with eco hahaha
what it was stopped that's obnoxious
seriously grandpa are you the bubble
fairy bunch of Cooper putz of stupid
bubbles teach him a lesson
teach them a lesson Cooper get them oh
no don't knock you down okay oh good
what grandpa all right we're back at it
now get him get him
Cooper careful please hit a punch baby
tired very tired you better stay out of
the way he's got some flying fists of
bubble death fury hello what are you
doing dogs did you make your video jump
load it you like it or you don't like it
Oh what's with the round bubbly things
I don't know just the kids like to play
with them well I don't like it I'm going
in here hopefully there's some food on
the counter
mouth guy you are the worst retriever
ever I'll be giving you never give up
come here you're supposed to get the
ball to the ball
I started what's wrong
oh no Jeff come on you know okay pants
McGee what are you doing
pants McGee you to the fan so you won't
get your pants wet get out of the road
this baby needs a daddy
Oh ma'am is it on
key that turn on yourself and say hi I'm
chef Carl's dad hi I'm Shay Carl Stan
okay I didn't think it was that funny
myself this is how you terrify two
toddlers cut it
