so you are not watching the shades are
gorgeous if madly lacks following water
to the same shakers to the things he
does from a deal family and just become
debug is life on live in you you got a
brainless home for two I'm ready for a
baby also let it be clear night use
login here right the kid tardes have
said they have prepared a trick okay
what's going on air to the jail please
do not kill your sister
I think your mom kind of like I heard
her crying baby was that baby talk so
you guys look what Mommy TARDIS set up
for me this is for me and newborn tard
when mommy Tarr goes to bed is that what
we're gonna do she's going to put the
baby I'm taking it right there okay
because I'm usually up until two or
three in the morning so I'm here on my
computer work and editing doing whatever
watching TV whatever I like to do in my
man cave it's up to me basically she's
gonna put the baby tard asleep not you
you're the baby tart she's gonna put the
newborn baby tard asleep in here and
then she's gonna go to bed and then when
he starts crying and saying I want a
boom daddy I'll be like okay I'll take
you to the boob central upstairs to come
to you but baby tard thinks she can get
in here cuz she's the baby but you're
not the baby
you're different
because kind of people who get attached
to like inanimate objects this thing
right here I'm really having a sad time
throwing it away here at the dump it's
pretty trashed we've had that thing for
six almost six and a half years now we
have a very first stroller we had for
son tard and print starred and then baby
tard so we've had that stroller for most
seven years and all my children have
been pushed in that a lot of memories
went to Disneyland many malls then that
stroller it's kind of sad to get rid of
it
scoot over you're not driving I don't
know you guys get uh is gonna motion
Aliya touched inanimate objects I do
especially since seen Toy Story always
like look at little toys like I wonder
if that little toy is sad or throwing
them out that's just ridiculous right
what do you guys think should keep that
stroller we got a new one
why so psycho I'm gonna tickle you to
death no oh yeah are you oh yeah oh yeah
alrighty then let's get it on if you
want to all right I'm not attached
anymore
these kids are brats I don't want that
stupid stroller let's go get your hands
off the whale
they're negotiating pretty guys doing it
sounds like you're negotiating ass dad
you have blood well least your human
look at that I am back why does she have
a cut because of you hold the swing how
did this swing do it let me see it baby
card you're so tough well that is so
nice big brotherly of you know what
what's wrong with princess turn now did
your did you what do you call that is
that a cape or a shawl
Superman wears a cape grandma wears a
shawl well it's not our grandma okay
okay because she's super princess hard
on the camera oh you have to run really
fast and you won't get it wet go go
he's afraid of the sprinklers go car run
fast go you can do it hurry fast run run
run run go go go go the faster you run
the less you get wet run run run run
professor Gossard measures oh nice
mommy tard I found my new favorite
bumper sticker what do you think do you
like it oh that is sweet that said would
you know what that said son tard that
said women are beautiful and you should
respect them hey hey mom that's a nice
shirt you got on don't you guys I was
about to take a picture of her we just
went the subway and I got a vegetarian
sub by the way it's really good really
healthy I wasn't taking a picture of
Mommy target she's being so cute that's
on the Senate like as a Twitpic but I
thought you've been wearing that shirt
for the last three
days in a roast you watched it last
night play yeah it's just good that's
only one that fits you
my shirts you on I'm afraid people judge
me for that Sun tart is continually
dancing everywhere we go okay we're
going to the mall one major reason is
we're just going to walk around
mommy tarts contracting a little bit and
so we thought let's go to the mall just
walk walk for the next hour and see if
that can get the baby to come out but
we've tried a lot of remedies trust me
we've tried a lot of remedies but the
baby is still in there plus ma meet our
needs to get bras don't talk about that
she needs to get breastfeeding bras what
no we've done that twice don't do it
again there's the respect here what
respect
first we're talking about my cervix and
now we're talking about getting bras
well that's respectful you need let's go
I respect mommy tart this is why I wish
I was a kid again it's like so far and
she just like collapses and tags her
head on the ground that was okay baby
guard nice Sun Dried wait wait I have a
trick saundra come down here okay
princess starters and jump over Sun card
go go go
one two three go okay mommy car this is
the moment of truth you're contracting
right now that's good that's good
keep walking faster
faster come on move it you gotta get
that baby out of her you look so big
come on okay dude
shoulder shoulder width apart keep your
eye on the ball
aye on the ball you he likes to look at
the club when the club goes back keep
your eyes straight down on the ball okay
hold on dog straight on the ball you are
intimidating the heck out of that thing
you're done okay you can borrow a few of
mine want a few of my balls are you done
gonna let baby charge baby try come try
one come on it's a baby guard dry one
case where this local place here it's so
cool just like a driving range and you
can come here at night and you get
waters and Gatorades and you just come
and just buy balls and just hit we're
trying to look for more you know
activities to do there you know get out
and move get moving the body so I can
burn some calories this is like it's not
a giant workout but you know it's a
little bit okay lil or have it let her
have let's see her try it use two hands
they be charged that was the sweet
method ready hit it up she's gonna get
another one ball goes on the teeth all
right Oh strike there you go Lobby guard
come out here let's see you swing one
let's see you swing one of these babies
you can hit with your belly that was a
nice shot son tard
good one that was backwards I see you
hit one princess card see what you got
here get some skills it's mad skills
thank you guys are awesome hey your gold
mommy
all right prego tarde watch out back up
baby tarde back up he's me on getting
mom's backswing answer it
yeah yeah that's a start come back just
just in case let's go back a little bit
just in case okay let's see it it's eye
on the ball mama Tariq eye on the ball
should I stand in front of you and
Sylvia
okay eye on the ball watch the ball the
stick that's it let's see it okay watch
the ball there you go all right okay see
if you can see you can see the ball
camera okay um I can't see it my best
ones I don't know where it went but I
bet it was really cool
Oh where's that where did it go it went
200 yards 100 yards over 100 yards down
I want to teach her the right way up
there you if you get hit it just chuck
it out there guys I think maybe Jar
thinks the goal is just to get rid of
all these balls just to get all these
balls into the grass somewhere somehow
okay now it's just turned into an Easter
egg hunt I think you guys are cheating
the system there it's like look at all
the Easter eggs they're cheating we're
gonna have to pay a fine for those balls
won't be the first time mommy starts
have to pay a fine footballs
