the music's over okay so we're here
shopping because princess heart and I
have the fetish for coloring
we'd like to color coloring books what
kind of coloring books do we like okay
she likes Arial coloring books
we like to color in princess like Disney
princess colors oh yeah Disney - in
Disneyland so that's our doing and send
her favorite thing is not exactly
coloring but he's along for the ride hey
why do you think we call her Franklin
sorry guys let's see she's wearing a
snow white dress and what's your purse
let's see what's on your purse ah The
Princess and the Frog
see that's why she's called princess
cart she's just like me she loved
princess fancy love and she acts like a
little princess she loved you think
everybody should clean up after her hmm
found the coloring books and sticker
books and all the other princess books
which one do you want
Christmas cards want the one with the
stickers in it was that you reading it
what can I say she takes after Shay
she's a little crazy
are you alright so we picked out this
one for baby tire because she loves
Cinderella lately all she wants to do is
watch Cinderella and this one has all of
them it's we're getting that one too so
yeah which is totally like gonna color
princess books all day long okay
you like it we got new crayons and I
have this book I'm so excited
what are you doing okay so we're getting
out of the house we've just been sitting
in the house all afternoon I feel like
we're just basically just sitting around
waiting for the baby because it's like
we're laying around just waiting for
that stupid thing to come out it's like
I don't even like him anymore you know
it's like I don't want him to come
anymore do you think you know it's like
when somebody I guess he's not even late
yet
don't like when you're waiting for
somebody and they're late and you start
getting madder and madder and you're
like oh we just wanted to come though
just he's not technically due till
Tuesday the 8th of June so we're getting
out of the house aren't we baby card
we're gonna go fishing where you're just
gonna go just throw some casts in the
water just for the fun of it to get out
of the freaking house the mommy garden
eats your own fishing pole
and son tired lost his last time we went
so we have to get to new fishing poles
before you go fishing so we're here
world
okay I'm gonna vlog in mood you guys I
want a something I haven't told you the
last two days
but I am back on the wagon baby I'm back
on the wagon I am gonna lose weight and
I started June first and for the last
two days I have eaten very very healthy
mostly fruits and vegetables I had a
sandwich today the sandwich was it was
lettuce cucumbers a few corn chips and
salsa is building a habit but for my
sandwich it's really good actually
anyways I we're just talking about
weight loss with mommy turn well yeah
it's okay for you cuz you're pregnant
idiot kids mommy turns skinny anyways as
soon as she has the baby she's gonna be
back down to 112 pounds well of course
you have to work at it but you're just
hot we need what everyone wants
now closes she does workout and she does
eat very healthy monitored is weird
she's actually likes fruits and
vegetables she likes the taste of
broccoli and tomatoes I'm just like so
weird like that
anyways I want to talk to you guys about
the the one thing that people say that I
hate when I hear people say this I've
tried every diet out there nothing's
worked for me it's because you didn't do
it you didn't do the diet me included
I'm fat
I know that I'm not like I'm not fat I'm
not I'm not morbidly obese but I am
overweight I am NOT healthy I don't know
I don't feel like I can run a mile and
then fight a ninja if I had to and I
want to feel like I could do that I want
to fill this this self this this body
awareness I want to be able to do a
backflip off and share for instance like
I wouldn't be in a good enough shape
where I like if I needed to do a
backflip off that chair I could do it
right now there's no way I would kill
with them land on my head break my neck
and die so here's the thing weight loss
is not a secret it is not a secret at
all
there are hundreds upon hundreds of
weight loss routines methods and plans
out there just pick one of them if you
pick one of them and follow it strictly
follow if you say to yourself okay I'm
doing this diet plan whatever it is I
don't care you pick you pick which one
you like the best
like a diet plan and say I am gonna do
this for 30 days perfectly now I know
people aren't perfect right you can make
other mistakes you can maybe swear and
hit your kids but you can do certain
things perfectly right right you could
wake up every morning and do 10 push-ups
every day for 30 days and you would be
perfect at that one things that make
sense it can be perfect in in something
in some segments of your life
so say to yourself if you really want to
lose weight I just I'm telling you guys
this mortally I'm like talking to me but
it just hits therapeutic for me to say
to you guys I am in a pen for 30 days I
am gonna do it exactly as the diet plan
says not gonna mess up once it waiting
walk is a hundred percent self-control
literally you decide if you're gonna
lose weight and you just it's hard I
know it's work look I want to buy to
that right now but I'm not gonna because
then tastes better then Orioles anyway
so I just wanted to vent a little bit
I'm back on the wagon I got my fruit we
bought new violates $70 with a fruit
last night and I'm feeling good I feel I
already feel my my stomach going down
haven't had pop in three days as my big
thing is toad boy oh boy do I look coke
so anyways if you guys want to do it um
I probably make a shayloss video but I
just so you guys know I'm back on the
wagon and I'm committed
sorry Wow okay the fishing pole brigade
you guys ready we're going this way come
on guys you guys just follow me come on
let's go we're here we're in a giant Dam
right here this is this big toe strike
Oh jeepers pearls falling oh there's
flies everywhere you see that you see
that oh my god right we're gonna go
right below this dam that's the
powerhouse and there's a lot of people
down here already so hopefully we can
find a spot okay they have to hike down
these rocks maybe turns a little scared
mommy's heart is in no condition to be
doing those come on baby tired yeah
that's so cool it's a giant bridge and
here's the river
it's not sweet look at that old building
that's where I bet you that's where
snipers used to snake fish I don't know
I'm making this up there's no caves
right there train up there
train you're gonna scare all the fish
away
hi hi strain whoo that train came
careening off of that trestle bridge and
landed on us hey girls you guys having
fun she's covered her son turns up here
yeah keep canceling out into there dude
hey mom aren't you ready to fish I'm
tired what are you doing what's under
did you just go to the bathroom all
right MA Claire's lers mommy's last two
lures already baby sorry hi what are you
doing psycho no stay over there this is
my spot I'm just tying my lure I leave
that that's a monster I'm gonna catch a
sturgeon
yeah there was like look at this world
it's like a whirlwind what do you call
it I can't see it through the you see
it's like it's like spinning water right
there it drowned all right there what oh
yeah I have this tool hold on you better
not fall in mommy time well we haven't
caught anything and it's starting to
rain now you see yeah you called baby
tired old mommy tired is the cutest
Fisher girl ever so adorable
that dude the boat catch anything yet
cuz it's rainin or the boat you want to
cats it again baby tart we cats it again
alright look at this this is such a cool
spot the kind of mom eats hard we caught
him mommy tard oh she's a hot one I'm
not letting her go that's for sure
oh she's over the weight limit we have
to put her back rude rude okay guys I
have a joke for you
you ready what did the fish say when he
ran into a concrete wall damn do you get
it it's a play on words all these
pelicans down here there's these giant
pelicans I think they're just hanging
out down here I guess they're waiting
for fish to come out of this little
drainage I'm not sure what they're doing
what you're gonna catch a pelican
lettuce was that rainbow and that's a
yeah you got hit a little down those
rocks it's like that is big Wow they
fight good that's sweet wait big big
what's that like 14 inches bigger yeah
I'm not good at math go ahead touch it
got some major dancing going on back
there
