so you are not watching the shades are
gorgeous if Natalie likes following
water to the same shakers to the things
he does from a deal family and just
become debug is life on live in you you
got a brainless whore - I'm ready for a
baby also let it be clear night he was
logging here
go Joe Montana I'm gonna catch it
I don't ever miss who throw that ball
BAM
shaka laka I'm like Jerry Rice it's
gonna bad didn't in Tanana and
I need you now sing it for me how does
it go
I'm a little drunk and I like to get a
little drunk and I need you now how does
that go and I eat you and I need you do
I just need you now a song gets stuck in
your head okay go for a long one but for
a long when I'm gonna chuck it go for a
long one farther take 30 steps that way
Go Go run run okay catch this ready Oh
most he's got football practice today
we're trying to trying to get him
practiced up nice okay mommy guard ready
yeah nice catch you're silly that's
pretty good she's good to have this
ah sorry
so I'm taking Malachi to get a bathing
session he needs it bad I don't even
think we'd watch them since we've been
back from California things been so
hectic it's like Malachi poor Malachi I
look at the state you happy excited
easily we'll meet some other Great Danes
I called this lady we saw I saw this um
this grooming place up here and I called
to set up appointment like yeah I have a
Great Dane named Great Dane named Al
Quaeda to bring in and she's like you
have a Great Dane I have two Great Danes
she's really excited I've really felt
this like bond with other Great Dane
owners and I'm not sure that's
necessarily true with other dog breeds
like I grew up with labs and malteses my
mom always had a Maltese and my dad
always had a lab or whole life and I
never felt like oh you have a lab - so
do I
the one with Great Danes it feels
different just because they're like so
big and they're they're kind of rare you
don't see a lot of Great Danes around so
ever I meet somebody who has a great day
and it's always like we're friends we
like know each other it feels like that
because it's like we've gone through the
same thing we know what it's like to
have a Great Dane and like all of the
myths about Great Danes like Malachi
along we were like she must eat so much
he really doesn't eat that much he takes
up very little space in the house he
curls up in a small ball down in the
corner or sometimes when he gets on the
couch and he's really good with kids so
anyways going to meet her Great Dane she
said Susan go get them and so Malachi
can meet them so hopefully they don't
get in a fight and they just makes me
sweet love nope we don't want bread and
puppies do another one we should get
another Great Dane
okay so here we go that Judas
no diving
how ironic no diving yeah that's not a
dive it's a belly flop just want to talk
for a second you just want to have a
little discussion about something this
is something I've been thinking about a
lot lately actually and just want to
talk about it with you guys for a second
you I don't know if any of you have
taken psychology classes like in college
but I remember learning about this thing
called nature versus nurture basically
talking I don't know 100% exactly what
it means but basically the concept is
why are you like the way you are like
you know everybody's different we're all
snowflakes we're all dandelions we're
all unique we all make different choices
and we all some of us succeed some of us
don't they're just people out there who
just don't succeed they don't do
anything with their lives they you know
they say they just don't they get in
trouble you know you know people like
that are constantly getting in trouble
it's like oh are they in jail you know
they're just always doing things and I
always thought why are people like that
and they're this this concept of nature
versus nurture nature being that's just
how are you were born you know when you
came into this world for whatever reason
you had a personality attached to you
already and you were kind of a certain
way just from birth and you grew up to
be that way and that's like the nature
side of it now the other side is nurture
which basically means your upbringing
like your parents and you know what kind
of childhood you had and who are your
role models and and what things did you
do growing up and those those very
important years when you're young and
you're influential and you're learning
about life and and what do you do what's
right what's wrong you know what's what
are good decisions do you know the
difference between good decisions
decisions you know things like you know
personal like strength as far as being
able to what's the word can't think of
the word anyways so I got in the word
and so frustrating
um anyway so I've been thinking about
that a lot lately
and as a parent I think a lot of the
debate was it was like 50/50 a lot of
people would be like well it's you know
it's half of you know you're just
personnel that you're born with and half
of your upbringing like you know your
parents weren't stuff like that but the
more and more that I you know just live
and and see things and and you know talk
to people I you know I read so many
views as comments and hear things that
you guys say and I think a lot of it is
nurture I really think that parenting
and your upbringing has a lot more to do
with it than just who you are who we
were born as and sometimes it's really
sad because I think it's unfair I missed
the Blair I'm going some talking you
guys I'm going to get Malachi by the way
sometimes I feel like it's unfair
because a lot of people are raised or
just born into a bad household with
parents who don't care you know parents
who were just never there you know I
have family of you know people parents
who just aren't very whether they have
to work or whatever but the kids are
literally just kind of there to fend for
themselves they never really taught
these things and so the way that they
learn about life is through watching TV
and movies and internet and just like
whatever's in music and stuff so a lot
of times I feel like oh my you know the
the responsibility of being a parent
feels a lot heavier on my brains I'm
just like man I really feel like I can
just see my children developing like I
can watch them like we're just a
swimming lessons and it's like just
their interaction with kids and and like
seeing them do things for the first time
and it's like no no we don't do that and
you know maybe the other kids don't know
that you're not supposed to you know
whatever they're doing so here's my
here's your
is the overall thing of this if you're
going to have kids or your parents be
good parents and if your parents weren't
good parents you still have the ability
to change your own life and I hate I
hate when people are like well I just
had a crappy childhood got a messed up
childhood so I messed up I really
believe in people having the ability to
change their future where you can change
your family tree you can you can be the
one in the generation see you know say
there's generations of alcoholics in
your family you can be the one to say
you know what I'm not going to do that
because I've seen all the crap that my
parents and my hands and uncles and
grandparents have gone through or just
smoking things like that you know things
that are just bad for you but your
parents and your grandparents are just
passed down the line you can stop it you
can be the one to say you know what I'm
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna do that just
because that just kind of been the thing
you know I'm just I'm just blabbering
blabbering out words things I wanted to
talk to you guys about that I like we
need to have this discussion or whatever
but it's fun you know to have these open
discussions and I've been thinking about
that a lot lately so just I'm on my mind
I want to talk to you guys about I don't
know if you know I'm 100 percent right
this is just ideas that I'm spouting now
but let's go get Heidi's ooh ha ha ha
today you've behind a friend you find a
friend okay should know whoopee
Behindwoods it's a big dog as big as you
finally you can share them together yeah
I'm filming them right now oh let's
sniff each other's genitals just a
meeting drummer oh now your Lena has a
little personal chilling is Jasmine the
female okay so I was just thinking like
what was the point of that whole little
discussion we just had the point is this
is the point you can be a good
successful person you can you can make a
difference in in the lives of others you
know I'm saying you can you can be
whatever you want to be you can be
successful you can get the job you want
but it takes work and it takes you know
it takes time and it takes effort and I
think a lot of people get bogged down
because maybe you know they made some
bad decisions or you know they have you
know just different things in their
lives I don't know I don't want to come
across like I was just thinking about
like after I went into you Malick as
like that's not really - she like hey
listen to me I'm dr. Lauren sugar I'm
gonna deep you about that so she's just
thought this isn't I'm not telling you
anything I'm just this like a discussion
you know so what do you guys think about
about that and like it'd be interesting
to see what you guys think about that
kind of stuff and then maybe once I read
your comments and have a chance to think
about it and internalize a little bit
more we can talk about us more if you
guys want if you don't then fine I'll
just throw baby turn around okay I'll
just show you my aunt why I don't know
what you want from me I'm just trying
man
that was Vicki Lucerne
I should have turned the camera off I'm
gonna turn open okay
okay does this little girl look pregnant
that is not a pregnant girl and the
reveal boom knock things over with that
belly that belly caused the sinkhole in
Guatemala all right turn around
I don't want to think okay not pregnant
anymore not pregnant
pregnant okay here we are at Sun tarts
flag football practice those are cones
I'm not sure what they're gonna be using
them for I assume some some sort of
running exercise there's Sun tarred
wavin there to learn how to take
handoffs now oh there we go starts some
kid running through the things a card in
and out of the cones and out of the
cones come on line back let's go let's
go let's go
