so you are not watching the shades are
gorgeous if Natalie likes following
water to the thing Jake yes to the
things he does from a deal family and
just become deeper his life online you
gotta burn less home for two I'm ready
for a baby also let it be clear thank
yous log in here okay today's the day
right oh wow the little purple spots on
your shirt mate looks like a giant face
oh I'm tripping out right now ma'am oh
this acid is so delicious oh hi mami
tardes going to the doctor right now
she's gonna see how much she's dilated
and it's June first she's due June 8th
baby now mami tarde wants the baby out
more than anybody else she's the one
carrying that little bastard around for
nine months
give me a profile give me a profile shot
of that baby tuck this part in you can
see it better
you're a large you you like to see on
that screen you'd show up like in a
radar thank you that's not nice cuz I'm
three times fatter than you alright go
to the doctor tell us and then call us
and tell us what he says call it
seriously right after you find out call
me I will are you kidding me no I'm not
kidding you
the only problem is the doctor's office
doesn't get very good reception so
sometimes have to wait till after I walk
out of the room but I will tell you most
will hustle you hustle your bustle hey
hey love you bye it's hot also that
bustle bye hi because I watch spongebob
or Tom and Jerry Tom and Jerry nice the
classics my kids have some taste
these old cartoons what memories isn't a
put fireworks on his bum oh no oh that
little Jerry he's quite the conniver
what's that time you got a grenade on
your bum oh wowzers what's going to
happen dilated once more but I didn't
know almost like 90 percent from last
time oh really my services said it all
or she said it someone like it's really
thin now I love talking about your
cervix I love talking about your cervix
getting closer did she say anything
about inducing you early well I love you
come home and I'll shake you around a
bit and we'll have the baby
maybe we'll happen tonight that darn
dilation process um can I help you
just came home and this is this little
guy who's just hanging out here what are
you doing
you don't even fight of me what what
you're against like hey on him look
there's his feather what are you doing
you just hanging out here mommy dard
come here is this the birthday hit the
window as a different one the other day
mom mommy tarts said of the bird just
like flew in and tagged the window me I
thought that was him but let me see if I
can touch him he's act like he wants to
like come inside or something going to
come inside open the door and come
inside what can he come inside he said
he wants some dinner need a bath first
little bird okay we're leaving I guess
you can just hang out here on her porch
here you want some bread here's some
bread here eat that it's crust he's
seriously just hanging out here what are
you doing dude it's like he's waiting
for something he's looking at the door
like I wanna come ooon can I come in
what are you looking for tripping me out
all right we'll see ya believe me now oh
he's gonna get it isn't it the bread No
it's times like these where I feel like
this bird could be a person like he's a
person like a long-lost gram grandparent
or something I'm just here to say hi and
I love you all right bye
no I was pretty crazy what he likes me
do you see him that's why I'm saying oh
good
baby card what should we name the birdie
bloody Todd
Bertie turd uh daddy I want to talk to
you I heard you were like doing my voice
with the bird and I appreciate the look
my voice what did you say very tart
should I like to eat him what we're
having chicken nuggets tonight we're
having pictured Nuggets tonight what's
up dog
oh well I'm sorry let's go sorry for
taking up too much time talking about a
stupid bird son tart has football
practice here we go are you ready to
play excited hey first practice is
tomorrow we just had the first meeting
we met the coach coach Tony and went
over the flag football so it's not it's
not full contact but it should be fun
yeah we wanted to UM see some blood
sometimes needs more stitches and
bruises
he's good sighs that's the only reason
we had kids we want sundar to become a
professional linebacker for the NFL make
millions buy us a house right son tard
that's how you're gonna do give me a
good football player you're gonna hustle
you listen your coach nice so mommy does
mommy hustles I'm your coach I'm coach
Shane okay what are you how I want you
to get down and give me 20
you know what I'm talking about what
what what tell me no why are you
emotional I'm
yeah at my @replies cuz you guys are
being so ha ha
worried me though here and read me oh
this is Kayla I was just wondering your
due date hello Google actually has when
is Katie that do as a suggested search
so you guys Bobby turns reading her
Twitter's and she's starting to cry
because you guys beat so tweet so I'm
gonna tweet yeah I mean which was she
goes into labor tonight I'll be sure to
tweet it or whenever she goes into labor
who knows
does it give me the night gettin so
excited so you don't follow us on
Twitter link in my pants follow us on
Twitter and you'll have immediate
up-to-date updates and I'll take
pictures and twit pics and I'll update
you guys on Twitter so if you're not
following me on Twitter
follow us and I'll let you know as soon
as we know anything did you want to
break yet go cry and read your at
replies what do you love to grab my hand
okay say goodnight goodnight ii ate the
camera i stuck it in huh here watch
watch this
push-up where do we where are you at
oh yeah who farted
Oh steak steak you fart yes you did not
was it you or princess tard hi
I have the laundry on the roof laundry I
need the laundry there it is take it in
laundry girl Oh
laundry's net for princess Kay you have
to get a little ball a little ball hit
her head
bonk you over there nigger this silly
trick are you strangling job I'll throw
the laundry on the bed yes
yeah right get it I'm a bit I'm a bags
even further
well I'll be happy hey I'm so free you
think it a drop can you get in there get
in there come on
curl up in a ball I do not sit in it
like it's about a I do not one come on
confess
 you sit down he says he's laughing
and I'll be a wuss come on I put your
tooth down you didn't cry so now like
you're in a bathtub I'll sit on your bum
sit down your boat
close the doors I think you should sit
down with your bum first I don't want
you I will drop you I've never dropped
you come on but first but first hey come
on get in there
we're gonna lose face let's go sit down
Oh tired sit down here legs up
come on I don't do it are you crazy
that was a great I think he is mommy
darn okay see if both guys can get him
oh come on get in the basket she knows
she climbs in you ready don't hit their
heads but one two okay you're really
close you bump yet Wow all right
gorillas dirty laundry get out of their
dirty laundry
