a pregnant tard
why didn't make that baby come on I'm so
sick of reading ooh what I just thought
you're getting a fettle tumor throw you
up in the air wall there's a tree right
there hey I'm walking here
yes have fun at church what a silly
question of course we did it's so much
fun
that mosh pit was really great huh why I
love mosh pits in church she goes there
goes the baby tard watch for cars you're
gonna run over you're gonna get run over
tard you're gonna be a roadkill tard in
a minute gonna be roadkill tard we're
not in jerked anymore so I talked it
over I want the ground I just hit
whatever we need to take that off we
have a towing hitch when we have that is
that still from when we moved to
California
we rented a u-haul and went there is a
towing hitch I want the ball is still in
there and every time we go down like
come out of a entrance to go down like
on a low like a ditch it was like noise
hits I said oh I hit my bot on the
ground the chart says we don't talk like
that shirt I said bottom the ground bah
bum booty booty I would rather say
button booty really yeah booty is like
rap shaker girlfriends planning a boot I
didn't say booby I said booty this is
this
Mesa's declining rapidly change the
subject shall we
apple bottom jeans I hit my apple bottom
jeans on the ground good my cow are you
saying I have a cow but are you calling
me fat like to start yeah I'll pull this
minivan around stop yeah Valley okay hi
we're going home from church yeah that's
what we're doing just little update our
lives that's what we do we update you
know our lives what are those
mommy tired had a craving which kid want
to pray do you wanna say okay let's go
come on yeah you have to do it good okay
no more swearing while you pray we
talked about that okay this is that
video I was just watching you guys as my
friend his name's Peter he makes all the
music for us at the station and he's
hilarious he makes he's really funny
videos where he's playing the guitar and
just he's crazy random pictures go
subscribe links in my pants
all right who's saying the prayer place
to start should she wanted to and she
took the initiative to come downstairs
cool golden and delicious this looks
super delicious
alright he was ready I love you guys
okay go ahead hold arms
bow your head and listen quietly while
the prayer is said okay go
she's grateful to almost be in
gymnastics you want to do gymnastics all
right you say the prayer baby tard cute
duty all right let's eat Pass me the
Caesar salad McRaven uh Caesar salad all
day you're right okay we ready you ready
you ready you ready curly ready curly Q
okay we're pulling sometimes mm here we
go what does that hurt oh yeah you
trying to dream all our teeth uh okay
come here this will be the third two
that we have pulled out some cards on
the boards okay ready that's pretty cool
that's like I know lip with us for long
this is third two three fold out yeah
ready it's the biggest one you're gonna
have a huge gap right here got it let's
see jeez you gotta get the gap as big as
the Mississippi River in his
okay Corinne sir meltdown cheese smile
as well to the spleen where's the
beeping like that it's changed number
one it was like it was like this oh
you've gotten all those watch are you
any mommy let's see we get one Centauri
we see your teeth you get a huge gap in
your mouth oh he's got water on his knee
can you touch it a little bit oh you got
it it's a start
all right bring Chris card is that more
water on the button to let her let her
make the buzzer go
she's really concentrated yeah good job
baby tard you guys know that I installed
this curb mean this guy we were gonna
start a curbing business together what
you been talking to my hos me and my hos
are just talking to each other all my
hoes in the house that was a good one
mami tard anyways yeah me and this guy
we're gonna start a tile slash curbing
business what are you doing anyways we
installed this curbing check it out
you know what that is what's that called
when you get the very first parking spot
right next to the place would we get the
best spot in the lot dawg you know that
starting to get a less because it's gone
now
don't work for things so little things
that matter in life like in the best
fishing poles and a fishing license
fishing tomorrow excited let me see
which one you got I don't know a
Transformers fishing pole the fish will
not take you seriously if you go out
there with a Transformers fishing pole
they'll laugh at you I think we need to
find a more official fishing pole okay
I'm gonna come over there and help you
hold on I'm just looking at some lures
and you get some lures for fishing
tomorrow and it's so weird that some of
these this is called a panther Martin
lure it's a popular brand of lures and
they have kind of like the same kind
that I remember from when I was a kid
like this little right here I remember
getting this lure right here when I was
like 10 years old and I remember I loved
it and I caught so many fish on it so I
was like my lucky lure and I remember
attention on the rock ones and I did not
want to lose
like you know when you go fishing
sometimes if you guys have ever fished
you get your lure stuck on a rock in the
river and you like try to get it off and
you can't sometimes you just have to
break it off because you can't get it so
you lose your lure remember I was like
trying to get out there to get it so
devastated like no I don't want to lose
this Lord it's like looking at these
lures is like bringing back a ton of
memories I've been fishing forever so
tomorrow's gonna be exciting or take Sun
tarde it comes the toothless wonder what
do you think you're doing you're gonna
get busted
what do you want principal start you
want a toy because you have a dollar
where did you get that dollar you can't
buy much with the dollar sir why they
call us sir I don't know should get
these mister hey pregnant turd how many
times I just look listen I remember I
have memories of gone fishing and I have
these see these are waiters and these
boots look they have felt on the bottom
so that you can walk on the mossy rocks
and not slip and it's so cool to walk
out into the river because it's brown
lenses fish can be Browns well-known fat
fish can see the color black first I'm
gonna make these in brown and you don't
even get wet it keeps you totally dry
and you can walk in the middle of the
river and fish I think you're silly I
want to get home how many times did you
go fishing last year zero times I have
these are you gonna go back here would
you really yeah I helps the shirt you
want because you're gonna be taking care
of the newborn baby well I'll go fishing
wanna say what I want to get
one two one two three four
this is my John Mayer play the guitar
bass amazing
