so you are not watching the shades are
gorgeous if Natalie likes following
water to the same shakers to the things
he does from a deal family and just
because he put his wife on live in you
you got a brainless home for - I'm ready
for a baby also let it be clear night
you slog in here they see this is how he
rolls
I
okay gamers oh yeah there's one piece
and is it are they pulling over copies
like I want
and back to work take it off for poor
neighbors the record I think you
might be too good at that though thanks
don't it's like when you're singing like
a Broadway sign and you think you're so
good $15 can't let me do a Plinko chip I
don't want to get the money machine here
we go do it come on money machine oh
good nice try
all right okay you guys hi Shay Carl
here because you thought I was gonna be
someone else but it's not it's made well
I'm trying I cried okay we don't the
kids with us we're on a date oh oh okay
so we're just playing this game I was
just in the store and heard a song and
it was good and so I came out and I was
singing it I was like I like a song
that's why I said to my wife that's her
say hi hi hi I said to her okay here's a
little game we're gonna play I'm gonna
sing the first line of this song and
then you have to sing along like you
have to finish your to complete the
phrase I came to sing with me after I
sing the first line does that make sense
to you does that make sense and I
explained that correctly
here we go like the singing be yeah yeah
they have a they had a TV show about
this okay and she couldn't get it she
didn't get it so I was like am i that
bad of a singer or did she just get it
so I want to see if you guys can get it
are you ready
don't on Tonto
there was a time what are you laughing
at you're getting way into it I want to
get into it I wanted to give them a
better chance kay you guys get that
should do one more time I think she'd
warm time Carrie Harris for me that that
was not enough to remember that song but
now that you know it do you think it's
still not what are you scratching your
belly it is okay one more time
and you guys tell me what the second
line is ready there was it so high
something okay Tom giving you leave in
the comments below what do you guys
think it is
I want to sing the rest of it but I
can't someone has to guess let me know
if you know what it is
yo
