so that Mommy booty shake that Sun tarde
booty I like those shoes man you look
like you're about to go hang ten on the
beach do you like them no oh is that
okay make the baby come out punch it
punch him harder
hey guys what's up
just chilling we're about to go to the
mall we're going to the mall because
we're gonna walk because it's torture
mommy daddy wants to walk around a lot
and she thinks that's gonna make the
baby come out what do you think winds up
started what did we do do we go do
something you took you took Castro
castor oil yeah we put it remember we
put in the Orange Julius vomitus yeah
did it work no you just had diarrhea
I remember cuz my mom my mom took castor
oil with Carly I think and it and made
the baby come out a lot faster what are
your techniques what have you guys heard
about getting the baby what I've heard
like you go on a ride like a like a ride
up in the mouth in the mountains that
was me trying to say mountains I was
going over the bumps and them supposed
to be really bumpy and supposed to make
the baby come out did you know that
Brits is hard yeah you didn't know that
you didn't know that let's see you dance
I love how our kids like and so you
don't even have to ask him twice they're
just like what dance okay the Riverdance
yeah I was trying to last Mohicans I
wasn't really Riverdance of course you
want to dance you can dance if you want
to you can dance the neither behind
because if you don't dance and if they
don't dance and they're no friends of
mine you could dance you could dance we
need to get him in a hip-hop class we so
do Bobby Todd what are we doing the
state of Nevada Reno well look at the
size of this burrito that is it's the
size of my hand it's gigantic it's the
size of the state of Nevada and then
here's all the kids over here you guys
doing it yourself
are you two behaving yourselves are you
behaving yourself take that gum back in
your mouth then we got the G master funk
flow over here aka son vehicle son
fizzle in the hizzle - OOP OOP OOP
son tarde
you just got noticed in the mall where
they say to you
those girls what they say to you so
we're putting that you remember we're
just walking by in they're pointing at
us they go that's the Shaytards guess
I'm still more famous than you then show
us what you're just doing well what's
that what's that from Big Time Rush
what's that so these girls just sauce in
the mall and they're pointing at us son
cards like daddy it's a cartoon Oh son's
death those girls are pointing at us Oh
mom's going to get a cinnamon roll
it's add to the donk a donk
have a bite of your cinnamon roll is it
gone already
oh it's all gone did baby try to have
some she ate it all not you Oh baby Turk
your your brat fell out put that back in
what's with your tooth dude is it Louis
let me see good stuff come here hold
still put me too baby help your mouth
let me just pull that right now
you don't want to which tooth is this we
pulled out on YouTube alert third Oh I
answered
it's too late that's like what can I say
I guess I could edit it out but that's
not real and this is real life leave in
the comments below how many two teeth
have we pulled out of senders already
said three this will be the third come
on sister right now why not
don't you know the old wives tale if you
pull a tooth out in the mall you get
twice the money from the Tooth Fairy
double the money that's come here all
right
just wait for it to fall hey prick to
start what are you doing over there
loser
yeah come show us your new pair of shoes
you got why are you really crying not
clients your eyes watering come show us
your new shoes do you love them
those are so cool they're sparkly do you
like them
why is your eye red this way all right
let's go
I think someone has a crush on Kassem G
nice glasses or you turning against Oh
Mike Wolf's man-on-the-street
Kady let G okay so give us a few options
mommy tarts fighting some new glasses
let's see I like these ones the best you
like those
come closer let's see what is that
what's that red dot you have pink eye
what's that's a pink eye right there
okay give us some more options let's see
what else you got
they look the same they're the same it's
something totally crazy grandma you said
I could have some cookies
I kind of like about what you do you
look like you're gonna either solve a
science problem or bake me some cookies
I can't decide which who's a see cause
there's thatthey that's the MIT for a
Thurston hey fuller arms full germs
sticking you two running around causing
hell all over the place you sit there
and behave yourselves while we have fun
trying on glass series is like just shut
your mouth cute I like those what do you
guys like the best like the first ones
like Pink's or some paint or red but you
can't wear those with everything black
is kind of universal let me see those
blue nice just like a square e whatever
just get someone care it's the point
where it's like you know what I just
don't care anymore just get something
let's go just let's wrap it up yeah
those are great love those yep okay
let's go hey Carly style right come look
at these glasses which ones do you like
better texting what are you asking her
do you like those for your face says who
how do you know how do you know it's too
big cuz that's like her eye ends and
then the glass the lens kept going
that's cool though new style that mean
you want to get out coupe oh it's like a
kaleidoscope for two people let's see
what youtuber you're getting
super cute super cute clue Texan are you
textin huh are you texting are you
texting how about you take this text me
Oh
- doing playing with balls on the thing
young thing think you can run it in the
morning and jump on me in this bed we're
talking about it I think we like it
those girls are being bred yeah they're
always brats Sirte we make the world
best mattress just sitting on there are
you kind of sad though do you feel like
we're drifting apart a little bit so we
sleep on the queen-size mattress now the
mommy tired is sick of me so she wants a
king-size that's a pretty big bed you
could we could fit three people in this
bed who wants to join us what what do
you think this is a king-sized Serta
mattress for 17 dollars I'm lying I
don't know how much it is he's gonna go
get a surprise or we could just get two
twins and put them together baby tard
what are you doing if you're gonna get
on the mattress you better do a front
flip
do a front flip what
I'm teaching them to jump on the
mattresses I know what you're doing I
know it's like the hotel bed to bed but
it's like the ultimate your mom be quiet
look this is what we're gonna be like
guys except for I'm way more handsome
than that dude he's ugly he's not even
overweight what a loser
Oh centaur get in trouble at least take
your shoes off if you're gonna run
across the beds but disart get Alan
we're gonna get in trouble we better go
we better buy the mattress one of the
two hope you like it
okay we're getting it
