here at the pleasure pit in Planet
Hollywood for the interns no more vets
for vets
no more vets yeah you ever do that why
is it that like like I'm hiding money on
the back of my hands like it's yeah put
it right on 25 black please oh you're
looking at the pleasure of it hi ladies
I think we're nerds camera filming with
this is nice just getting ready to film
the part where I'm looking great she's
Purdy she's super Purdy we done if you
like that sort of thing getting their
makeup did hinder makeup did that's like
getting your hair did get hurt did she's
getting her makeup dead the porn fliers
there's one down here there's like now
six of them trying to give it to me out
like head up down right now to go down
to the mezzanine or they're filming I'm
Holly Madison's part do you guys want to
go meet all they mad at that I've never
met Holly Madison it smells like a bunch
of girls I heard she's got a lot of
perfume was just in here you know like
one like a girl or somebody walks by and
it's like hey Cologne I just got caught
vlogging in the elevator
how embarrassing what's up dawg ah BTI
in dude that was awesome
you ready ready ready Joe ready you
ready
I'm sorry like wanna do that you made
saying the best motel room and I think
yeah literally
this is let's go look at it taking it
easy between shots
oh is this a little glee are you a Gleek
oh I thought it was Glee just people
make now W Mears just relaxing check out
the bathroom
there's good acoustics in marble marble
- seven days
poor mole of your body of all of your
body make love to the chip what are we
doing right now we are watching butts
I mean we're waiting for our CE o we're
ready for a scene right
I'm not these girls this guy's teaching
these girls how to dance always taking
pictures there's there's B first breed
the intern there speedy and there's Lisa
the Nova
that's Lisa the Nova five six seven
eight good five six
you uh you go poopoo in the potty need
to go poopoo in the potty
sir just sit here
got nada this you're waiting to show the
video
there's so many people here it's like
one of those things you know like when
you're hanging out with all your friends
that's like we're gonna do I don't know
what you want to do and then they
bracelets around like you know whatever
decides what you're gonna do because
there's so many people like you know you
know I'm saying it's like not
necessarily a person like that because
there's a director and they're doing
stuff but a lot of just waiting around
so they're called you know what this
will analogy it's just it's off base
let's just start over so waiting to
shoot music big production going on
that was great dude that was awesome
loved it why don't you dance like he
does I was oh right I remember I saw
bring it dog bring it bring it yeah yo
yeah
I feel like you've been opening to the
the movie ratatouille the cartoon
ratatouille is like I'm saying like just
picture the mouseling run into the
kitchen and something ratatouille
opening I love that song what the - E -
E
play play the rat - Teresa just play
whatever you're playing away
morning everybody out in the Sun getting
suntan by the pool Afeni hollywood purge
burgers okay so I'm leaving headed home
today just quick in-and-out trip and I
want to show you guys something about my
room so as I don't know if you guys
realize this but Planet Hollywood all
the rooms were like themed
and I have the Doc Brown Marty McFly
suite the Back to the Future suite and
this I just I was just about to get my
suitcase and head out to go get some D
before I flew home and I saw this and
I've been here for day and haven't seen
it yet
this is probably one of the coolest
things in movie history for me and my
little brother
it was the hoverboard and I don't know
if this is the actual hoverboard that
they used in this scene in the movie of
Back to the Future where he is like on
the water and he's trying to go but we
heard through like it was like an urban
myth it was like this little rumor that
was going around that Mattel or whoever
made these like hoverboards for the
movie really had the technology to make
these hoverboards these skateboards that
just hovered you know in the air I mean
my brother like I can't wait to that
comes out like I hope mom gets it for us
like she'll totally she's got to get it
for us that's like the coolest thing
ever like we'd all talk like amongst our
friends like yeah dude I searched their
herd they're coming out but a lot of
these parent organizations are not
letting them because they're saying
they're too dangerous they don't want
their kids flying around and we got to
do something about it but seriously like
just if this is the actual board that
was in the movie that is just a moment
to cherish forever the hoverboard and
then of course we found out later that
it wasn't true and that there were
really no hoverboards that were coming
out and me my brother were devastated
but it's really cool if if that is the
real hoverboard of the movie that was
like a huge thing in my life the
hoverboard from Back to the Future when
I was a kid anyways we're out pinch
Vegas take it easy see on the flip side
learn that sometimes I wanted to go for
a tough ultra-right there were dogs oh I
think it's trip over which a music video
you watching for it and tweaks it should
think I think it's been the station I'll
let you guys know of course when the
music videos about working on the plane
now to go back to mommy tar and the baby
tardes
and maybe fetus start
the next day now I'm ready let's read
let's do this right baby yes
it makes and this is the first time I've
sadly I see this to the door check it
out
that was weird those where does a very
weird ribbon I didn't mean to show that
great I'm by the by the door
and the 40 door has closed and at this
time all cell phones and other
electronic devices must be turned off
and put away
all right we're almost home you just got
to go out on the runway and get on the
planes SuperDuper loud planes my ride
home
I got such-and-such in the propeller for
me make sure it's safe
but I'm still gonna bust you out by the
thing just make sure
we've done well on this trip every time
we flew we had the exit row emergency
seating done like a professional
emergency theater
total I mean look I came in I can barely
touch the seat in front of me it's a lot
of legroom bottle they make it work
like
all right hopefully monitor the kids are
here to pick us up is that big woman
who's that big woman coming my way a
little big guy like different you hi
punkin he spelled chicken under yourself
what kind of chicken here I want some
you got any leftovers belly chicken does
that marinated belly chicken you have
where are the ninos they're Carly's
style aunt and Carly styles house all
right
back home with my hot wife I need to
spend time with her see you guys just go
away go away go away go and spend time
with my hot wife bye
