so you are not watching the shades are
gorgeous if Natalie likes following
water to the thing Jake yes to the
things he does from a deal family and
just because he put his life on live in
me he's got a brainless home for two I'm
ready for a baby also let it be clear
night he was logging here morning
everybody good morning family
hi no baby yet baby still in the belly
we're going to son charge school because
he's in a play and I'm so excited
because sometimes like a seasoned actor
now you know he's been to LA he's been
acting he's acted in the Kassem G video
he's acted in a shaycarl video he's been
in a station video son tard is a
thespian reasonable all these stupid
other idiot kids out of the water now
he'll probably do really bad and like
forget is one little line it just smells
like elementary school in here I'm like
his memories
smells like tater tots look they're
centered is in a suit in the play he's a
weather man so he's wearing a suit
you take it out songs really changed
since I was in school
what the f out
this is them singing the alphabet
backwards here comes mommy tard is wanna
see what a jerk am he
she knows Kevin isn't that the funnest
thing when somebody walks in the front
of the car new honk and it scares the
crap out of him I know you are if you
knew it I know you got me to hell
what if you were walking in front of it
and the horn honk and your water broke
and you went into labor that would be
good huh you wouldn't be getting on a
plane today
oh yeah yes she can have the baby for a
few days I have to go to Vegas daddy has
to go to Vegas for work time to waste
two dollars one more time here it goes
the Hurricanes are coming no no there we
go
hey this is your graduation present this
is what you get for graduating
kindergarten wind
congratulations you get win 49 miles an
hour we got to get up to 88 miles an
hour and then we could time travel 4.4
gigawatts Oh or get also get up to 88
faster oh it's not going to give the
time travel speed
I want to see coming into yeah we're
done
baked hurricane boo good job fast as you
can
what do you think let me see
we're getting Sun card some decent
running shoes they feel tight at all no
you're like dad's feet got really wide
feet brat payless Shoe Store skinny and
sent our cement running shoes yeah you
guys she were these she thought these
were cool clothes are nerdy you know you
know what he could wear socks with those
and that would be super cool do you want
to see what I'm wear loser Crocs with so
mommy tard is buying a new toothbrush
because she has left two at hotels I
sometimes forget toothbrushes in hotels
and I have left two Sonicare nice
toothbrushes like this in a hotel room
so some made out there has really clean
teeth she stole I took that I
accidentally mommy targets mad when I
leave the toothbrushes I'm sorry whoa
double trouble Big Trouble in Little
China see you losers Oh see you later
if I've dog check out the new car seat
it just came what do you guys think
that's pretty radical okay you see the
car seat you like it what my cheetah
nice cheetah night shirt
Boman airport let's go we're headed to
the airport go to Las Vegas and fetus
tarde needs to stay where he's at
hey you just stay put there mister
you're still not due for another fifth
day z-- what's today June when you're
due June 8th 2 weeks what's today 28 24
so yeah it's like yeah he has 14 days
till he's due here that Vita start you
have 14 days to cook do not come out
tomorrow I can just see it we're gonna
be in the middle of shooting the music
video tomorrow I'm gonna get a text I'm
having the baby and I'm just me like ah
like what am I going to do we've we've
did we've discussed all the scenarios
it's like what if it cost like $1,000 to
try to get a flight back I guess I will
I mean unless we're like right in the
middle of shooting you know I'd probably
finished shooting the music video and
then leave does that mean it's not gonna
happen so why even talk about it doesn't
even matter
it's not gonna happen I'm gonna come
back let me go on like a day and a half
and come back and the word half the baby
right then right guys I was gonna go get
right when I get back when I write when
I fly in right guys high water will
break Sun tarde you're the man of the
house now okay you got to take care of
everything I put the gun in the gun in
the normal place it's loaded ready to go
okay if you need to use it it's there
what I trained him you ready I am going
remember three shots to center mass I
know in the training school they say
shoot one center mass but I'm saying
just do three just to be safe Oh baby
tard
the crossbow is under your bed where I
always leave it okay and print the star
you know where the samurai sword is
mmm mommy dog uses the both stuff she's
got sweet boat stuff skills they're so
freaking day my love the things I never
yeah yeah gonna be on the front page of
YouTube got no that makes you Lee
and April and what up based on time I
close my eyes what it just right I don't
know I'll think of a different lyric
there I think it's probably could be one
of the smallest airports in the world
here's the security but nobody's here
and just walk around as we want they're
doing construction on a construct it's
like a ghost this is the flight even
even I'm I should probably be me yeah
and what yeah this is this is the plane
that we're we're flying and run catch
him
get him and here they come around the
back stretch baby tard in the rear and
there goes put the start right after Sun
guard this is this is the main area of
the airport we are the only people I
think our plane runs on dreams and fairy
dust that's how we're gonna get out of
here very dense fairy dust and happy
thoughts
ooh Sun guard takes it a carpet burn dip
there are new shoes you got to get used
to
whose are those obnoxious kids in the
airport
are you the horsey is that real plywood
Wow yes this is how it is living in a
small town this is the run this is going
from Canada oh it's inward even they
can't even use American lumber that's
that's terrorism right there and here we
are
oh we're outside to get on our little
two things there's this old thing a lot
of it's an old Saint I took a real
estate class once and in this real
estate class the teacher he told us this
st. and I've tried to live by or at
least tried to remember it throughout my
life he said this you never get what you
deserve you only get what you negotiate
and that was very true when it came to
real estate and it's it's very true in
life too where a lot of times you don't
just get what you deserve you get what
you go out there and work for to get or
negotiate and it what just happened to
me is also coupled with the saying it
doesn't hurt to ask it never hurts to
ask so I was sitting here and I was like
I think I have to sit on the aisle and
be cramped and I want a better seat on
the plane and if you guys know this or
not the emergency exits on the plane
always have about double the legroom on
the airplane so I just wouldn't ask the
lady I said hey I know this is just a
long shot but I want a little bit better
seat on the plane is the emergency row
open close yeah she goes do you want the
whole row to yourself I was like yes I
did she seriously said that to me like a
serious question she goes do you want
the whole roll to yourself like I would
say no who would say no I don't want to
I want to sit by somebody I mean maybe
if you're a really lonely person you're
like or sit by somebody but uh oh my
phone's ringing anyway so I just got my
ticket I have the emergency row all to
myself just cuz I asked like I said you
don't get what you deserve you get what
you negotiate and it never hurts to ask
alright we're heading to the second
plane what's this call by the way is
this like the jet way it's just like the
little little tunnel the little hallway
that you walk down to the plane I think
it's called check wait do you guys know
is it a is it a different different term
anyway so he's ready he's ready to touch
the outside of the plane if you
haven't heard me say this this is like
my new thing and I've done it for years
but I've just started talking about it
on YouTube literally like ever since I
was 12
I came up with in my mind I was like
wanna be cool to touch the outside of
the plane like where the air is wants
wine so that is how you ensure a safe
flight is by touching outside of the
point Paris 17 the emergency exit door
that Rose all mine baby oh yeah hey guys
I'm in the bathroom
is it funnier than this right here this
makes me excited for the new baby this
is a changing table change the baby's
diaper in there I'm like oh the baby
pretty soon I looked at that I was like
oh that makes me the odd please
how much quantity goes I don't go with
them to have a video of tomorrow
because this is the music video just
nation I'll get the next day I'll get a
bunch of footage and maybe I'll be like
a big on two-parter you know Wallace
Vegas and I want to get back out there
like a two-parter but here I am in the
bathroom look at all the amenities
should ever meet Vegas okay Josie is hey
excuse me I'm vlogging here so I'm
checking in here at Planet Hollywood and
right here they're having a cosmetology
tala j'en a cosmopolitan bikini bash and
they have this promotion up here this is
the first 100 girls get a shade Tod
right there can you see it I can't see
it Shea Tod bikini when I first saw that
I was like what there's shade hard but
Keeney's but it's an actual designer
named Shea Tod and it sounds very close
to Shea tart so apparently I am
but can Eva's einer now who wants a
shaitaan bikini Shaytards bikini it's
that close
coming this summer che tarde bikini
order now and get free shipping limited
time only at Chez Carl calm
