dude check it out the Shaytards in the
van where it all started right here Wow
you are now watching the shape cuts flux
just all right let's unload all hands on
deck are you ready
if life is worth living than it's worth
recording daddy's home
I'm gonna be doing these videos for a
year I'm making a truck tripod maybe now
it's gonna be old enough to shoot so not
16 this is like a little Harley glia
since four years this is actually one of
my life long dreams to be able to ski
with my entire family you know very
happy and loving and just grateful we've
uploaded 1869 videos I'm so lucky
I've never gotten beat up yet I want to
go where are we going I remember my mom
having one of these oh this is creepy
can you see me you know we gotta learn
for a pass
what boy what I'm getting in trouble in
the wall guys racing to the airport to
see sweetheart you're looking at work
hey why do you look so hot honey what
did you do hey there's mommy Tod I sit
down you haven't he holding your little
sister's hand you have to learn to do
this hard where are we going tell me
right now ready heaven strong that's a
50 pound mom suitcase right there go go
go go faster faster faster faster faster
faster
let's keep practicing it and then we'll
turn the camera on once you get it okay
looking good no no here we go here we go
oh snap you are crazy Gavin yeah there's
my offspring I made him
oh I beat you hey I want you to come
over here and love me this is a
restaurant so what do you serve at your
restaurant she's amazing so you grow up
and you're teenager I want you to swear
cross your heart hope to die you'll
never lie to your father if I could be
half as cool as my daughter
that would be like super awesome and
crazy friends number two
pretty pretty pretty I mean do you know
that you have been in the Shaytards logs
longer than any of the other kids that
at all andis been into videos longer
than anybody else
all right you little world traveler get
your your suitcase up there pull it up
there is your daddy did you do the
spider song the itsy bitsy spider good
animal crackers in the sand I guess not
each other
oh don't you like being in the closet
with mom Daxton are you gonna get ski
boots
he's never walked in the sand before
this is his first time yes my arm is
well it's because I'm buff here we go
okay it's gonna come in this is called a
wave your very first tiny way hey see ya
this is why it's worth recording your
laia to remember times like these
he gave me my life my mind my heart I'm
never ever leaves creation
mm-hmm good job you guys thank you a lot
of people are saying that I shouldn't do
it and it was a bad idea and that I was
jeopardizing the future of my family and
it is just gone to show that if you have
an idea and you believe in it don't
listen to anybody else you have to step
out on a limb sometimes you have to be
daring you have to take chances you have
to be willing to do something that only
you believe in even if everybody around
you says it's not possible and it's not
smart and it's probably not the safest
way to do things if you believe in
yourself and you believe that it's a
good idea do not listen to anybody else
that's just straight-up truth and I
didn't I knew I loved what we were doing
I knew that we could make it happen and
now five years later I don't say this to
brag but we are making more money than
we've ever made before and I don't say
that to brag I say that to encourage you
so I'm wearing my grilling hat this is
the only hat I could find real quick so
I just put it on
