so you log in here I'm so excited for
spring and summer you know just so nice
to finally have nice weather just get
out and get a tan and have fun in the
Sun and go do that oh wait oh never mind
I guess we won't be doing any of that
not anytime soon at least oh why is it
snowing
baby turn why is it snowing why are you
driving
No
I'm uploading the video it's a very
important project whether once the video
is up you come over and I'll try it is
snowing plays it's snowing we're going
to the wedding
you guys saw yesterday we went to the
wedding dinner and mom eat our dinner
sisters sing well are you nervous today
it's the live performance yeah we're
running a little late and those
weather's not gonna help us get there
anytime sooner and they have to sing
today for the wedding in front of all
the people so you guys nervous for him
gets nervous more of you guys on
practice yesterday right it's only all
your family and friends and loved ones a
winner father nervous though
this last night so I'm not there yet if
you guys mess up are you gonna put your
hands in your your face your head you
start crying and run off you just tell
perfect deal it's just the biggest day
of your life brother
so you could practice that with
I
mommy tarts on the phone right now
talking to her sister we're gonna be
kind of late and then she be able to
practice the song before they have to
see a memory for the wedding starts so
they're talking about possible let you
know what happens I just asked if you
could eat the flowers and she said yes
but they're spray paint on them you know
I'll eat anything that's cool yeah she
huffed a lot of spray paint making this
cake
yeah go ahead
there we go that's beautiful dancing
okay now spinner spinner other way
hey hey Taylor Swift what's up Taylor
Swift oh I thought your Taylor Swift
sorry okay okay the wrong way dude
you're working on it
oh the romantic
brother and sister dancing dude you
gotta go the other way here dusting her
arm turn her in no the other way no
inside go in let's see if we can get it
this time
nope well it'll work I don't work
sign behind the backdrop where they're
standing for the line and I just saw
princess tart for dessert what did you
give her you colored a picture that's so
nice can five good job that was really
nice of you is that her wedding present
cute it's good job you guys I got good
news
mami tardes a sister and her husband
doesn't know who Justin Bieber is what I
say doesn't she's right
don't don't worry about it it doesn't
matter wasn't supposed to be about that
they doesn't know who he is he's a dork
you don't know that crazy to me it's
inconceivable nobody knows who just
means somebody somebody knows that's
actually a good thing really
baby get ready yeah
you and me Noah fishing in the dark
relaxing the Stars where the cool retro
just move
we're in the country baby this is one
thing that I do love about being back in
Idaho is that you can drive like in
between cities there's this just
wide-open beautiful countryside instead
of in LA you can drive for hours and
it's just more and more City but here
you get these gorgeous hills or some
giant mountains behind us it's big
clouds gorgeous simply gorgeous look
just love it yeah we almost ran out of
gas coming out here then you're Sol
that's for sure where do you guys live
do you live in a big city or you hit
live like that town we were just saying
what's the population like five thousand
yeah yeah she grew up in a town about
5,000 people this town is about 45
minutes away 5,000 people I just kind of
feels good to be out in the open just
just have some breathing room you know I
do miss the big city sometimes though
that's why we're gonna move back and
forth we'll live in LA in the summer and
Idaho in the winter or maybe we should
switch that I like yeah no you don't
like the smell
holy crapola today's episode of
Shaytards is brought to you by Budweiser
the king of beers that is a freaking
huge sign I think as big as a football
field and highs above st. Louis Missouri
what hold on baby tired of looking at
the Fear Factory horsie yeah those are
you see the big horsies baby D'Argo's
horsie those are Budweiser horsies would
you guys be mad if we start having if we
if we started having sponsors for the
show if it was like today's episode of
the show I play brought to you by
Smirnoff No today's episode is but
brought to you by camel lights smooth
rich and that full flavored aroma
only the best back ok on with the show
so the other day on Twitter I saw well I
saw this commercial for these SunChips
bags that are biodegradable and the
other day on Twitter I said since the
new Sun Chips bags have come out I've
been littering a lot more but I didn't
know is how noisy they were and a ton of
you guys were like yeah but they're so
noisy and of course what I was saying
was a joke like oh they're biodegradable
just throw them on the ground who cares
you're right they're very loud okie
dokie so this is mommy's late-night
craving she really hasn't had many
cravings just know it's kind of like you
know stereotypical for pregnant girls to
have all these crazy cravings she has
some every once in a while mostly it's
for chocolate but tonight she's
definitely having a craving for
watermelon bitch it's almost 10 o'clock
at night just like please so I'm here at
Fred Meyer guinea mommy tart two big
watermelons to curb her appetite these
are for mommy tart because I think it's
because she looks like a watermelon
maybe that's why she craves the
watermelon anyway a good husband so I'm
here doing as I'm told
