you log in you totally bringing the sexy
back
I'm bringing sexy back because that's a
bong on your sweater young lady
it's Villa no I think that's a drug
reference you're wearing green pants
green pants and it says bong somebody's
token the reefer okay come fill me being
buff hey guys what's up shaycarl there
cuz you know you expected somebody else
I mow the lawn last night
you guys remember you were here looks
good huh tell me looks good I take pride
in this do you think it looks good yeah
really tell me more okay and now since I
am exercising I'm gonna do some bitch
press this is just 135 pounds I'm going
for more like what's called lighter reps
right or a litter weight more reps I
want to get cut you don't want to get
big cuz I'm already big I just want to
cook this bigness up you don't rip it up
let me get ripped we need to shred it
okay so here we go
hey when you filmed me doing this do it
at an angle where my belly doesn't that
get spoken out a lot okay like I try to
do from the side like so you can just
see from here up cuz when I lay down my
belly I thought I could poke you trying
to suck it in so very vulnerable you are
you're gonna rebel for very vulnerable
inaudible ok how many should I do
I don't know how many did you just do by
then I'm here to ten I'm just I get 12
thirty-five pounds o Sikahema like
something that mr. 12 yeah 30 40 hey if
you got some ham that says that's a
weight loss language I was just speaking
that language Aang helps you lose weight
dude
so who's gonna spot you if you can't
well that's why you're here um do I look
buff Clarence do I good both laugh oh
they're hairy ugly hi I need to axe my
whole body and then go tan all right so
that's what we're doing this morning mom
smoking weed it's mommy smoking weed and
I'm bench pressing I'm gonna learn an
appointment to get my teeth whitened
after this kids on the flip side now
what are you doing you know why I'm glad
that where you live in America because
we're not on the metric system cuz look
metric this is only fifteen point nine
kilograms as the Sun is tough but at 35
pounds that's a lot more golly
okay add this up what's 45 ok the bar is
45 pounds 45 pounds twice because
there's two of these plus 35 pounds on
each side
oh it's going back the other way like
weight down that end 35 Plus 70 is
helping you're gonna look at this later
me I can't focus
okay here we go ready
is it gonna fall backwards yeah that was
cut that end is coming up oh they need a
better bench okay this is a 205 by
showing off a lot of weight not for guys
you are showing up but yourself well
that's what's the mean means regardless
I can beat that
you're supposed to blog your day and if
you're happening to me if you happen to
be pompous this thing I haven't lived in
205 pounds - and then if you happen to
like drop it on your chest and then
choke it'll be a great day what if I did
you wouldn't be able to help me up with
you that's why I'm not gonna put clips
on the end so if I can't do it just
slide it off they'll just fall off yeah
so I'd send back nice yeah I will move I
really actually might need a spot for
this well I'm not gonna be able to help
you I can get it at least once
let's you're gonna go into labor right
now no because I have to go to Las Vegas
I know are you guys mad at me I'm going
to Las Vegas he's going just a party
really don't one go he's making a music
video with gonna tell him yeah with
Holly Madison quick with MIDI mafia you
know there we go ready mini mafia hi
Madison
and I don't I don't know I know it's
gonna be mini mafia it's first it's for
the famous song it's gonna be the music
video for famous get out your seat move
your feet oh my Hellfire and damnation
oh maybe that's not a good idea
one two three pardon my language by the
way for jeepers is the crime to say
backwards and move your feet he's famous
yeah so I'm going to Vegas on Tuesday
we're gonna be filming for mini mafia
their music video for famous cuz they
have
new CD coming out here's a quote assay
album I think it's cooler say check out
the track on this newest album by MIDI
mafia on z103 anyways um so yeah we're
gonna be doing a music video for their
famous song it's gonna be cool
there might be some surprise guests
which Mommy tart almost I think she
already did as well but we'll see we
don't know if it's for sure okay I'm
gonna go do 15 more of these cut oh hey
what's going on in here I'm looking nice
go are we going going to mommy tarts
brother's wedding dinner they be tired
what he does oh hey hey Carly hey Carly
style wha what are you doing you never
want to be on it hi your do p90x tonight
yeah sorry I can't do it with you I did
I went for a bike ride I went for a bike
ride today you guys let me do the bench
press so don't call me boy daddy
see you later oh please let me go oh you
want to go with us
Cooper what to go what's this
Lewis salad good bye Cooper love you
thanks for saving me from baby tard
she's a monster
be ready to go we're not leaving till
I'm ready does five push-ups five
push-ups
get outta give me five go one two get
down three come on keep going baby card
does only one and a half let me see a
good one from you first
only good solid push up one give me
another one that years see you get your
butt down you got to keep your butt down
keep it flat here let me show you good
push-up film me
ready I can't do okay ready keep your
butt flat like this your back and your
back me flat like a board all the way
down all the way down so yeah I think
there's dog pee on the grass I just put
my mouth in it that Verizon Wireless
uploading shared our videos since 1969
this is a car show
use Verizon Wireless actually tell you
is brazen with whatever they're good I'm
pissed
though about this air card because I got
this air card a while ago like when I
was back I just do a blog TV as a live
shows lot and as always doing live shows
like on the road so I thought I'm gonna
get an air card now I can go live from
anywhere in the world and it's $65 a
month and it's been a year now has this
but I think it's a two-year contract and
I hardly ever use it and just like
throwing $65 on the wind every month
here's one $65 I'll just send you $65
but every once in a while it does very
very handy like today we're uploading
the Shaytards vlog right now as we're
driving on the freeway and we're headed
to uh where we going to church right we
cannot be late and by the time we get
back and be late so like aircard coming
in handy and we're not plugging the
video now oh so we're headed there now
you guys excited you see your cousin's
baby tard what did you just say
mommy Tarkas okay here's what I want I'm
just gonna speak selfishly for a minute
okay who portrays that hold on let's get
the camera because I'm the selfish one
I want to hear on your cell take a look
ten that you could have anything you
want my life that would grow one of the
smallest ones
so that I can have it with me whenever I
have to feed the baby I can sit down
with my computer and watch bales watch
the baby that would be great wouldn't
that be handy a lot more YouTube get a
lot more you do the death so would you
like film you did videos while your feet
the baby are you doing an instructional
breastfeeding video now place the nipple
in the infant's mouth have you seen us
on YouTube there's actually and it shows
the boobs what do you guys say thumbs up
if you want
breastfeeding educational video thumbs
up this is your most graded video ever
you would not see my wife's boobs
okay some of you can't rap for a price
stop falling in love with my wife
are you gonna film tomorrow are you
gonna sing tomorrow oh yeah bunny turd
what you can't put that up yet what how
about I tell me you guys tonight
practicing what oh I don't go it will go
up till after the wedding
anyways a mommy tart and her sisters are
singing for her brother's funeral I'm
just used to you seen a funerals so
that's why I'd like media was like mommy
sings in a lot of funerals because she's
a good singer and so I was thinking the
funeral same thing though right guys
guys this is why we don't live in my
hometown why does it smell like manure
that's what made me fall in love with
you though the first time I was like oh
she smells like love you can't just wait
in the car okay
I'll just fear if you need me I'm
reading comments on the new video no
charge is great overheats and
overheat maybe should get a new
antifreeze system I know what do we eat
well maybe Georgia said she wants salad
Oh salad girl gonna get her any salad
purchased her plate and then chose
you weren't gonna tell me I'm in fear
good job son tired looking like a flame
like a fool with the ranch on your face
the ranch on your face I don't you just
like PDA don't you okay so we're at
mommy tarts parents house and her dad is
in like a hundred bands and he can play
pretty much any stringed instrument
there as it has strings on it plays it
for instance because that's a banjos at
a banjo an old banjo a banjo ukulele
what the H E double hockey sticks is
that thing
you can cut weeds and play that at the
same time that's like a little electric
ukulele Oh a polka laylee I poked a few
ladies in my day if you don't I'm saying
what oh my goodness how many of these do
you got one two three four five six
although all violins are happy I'm not
sure what this is called that's some
other
hello guitar he can play this guy - what
Louis quiz for youtubers what is the
difference between a violin and a fiddle
I don't have an idea what is the
difference leave in the comments below
one is in Kansas and the other is in
Arkansas
this is Adam he's McClendon this is
mommy tards brother and her sisters I
fixed her hi sister hi sister oh this is
her dad he's will be playing the guitar
and they're gonna sing and I am gonna
stand here and be fat like normal and
action background I'll do the Maypole in
the background remember that in school
they had the pole with the things
it's amazing how you can speak right
Oh cry don't cry old together
I hear when you don't say hey
there's a truth in your eyes saying
you'll never leave me the touch of your
hand
says you catch me if ever I fall
you say it best when you say nothing at
all
all day long I can hear people talking
I was pretty good what do you think dad
no I liked it you think anyway he
actually said that's pretty good for how
fat you are I was giving you your cue to
tell the funny joke again
you say it best when you say nothing at
all
Oh taste so kiss from every - is
supposed to be like
here we go next work just one kiss from
your sweet lips tell me that here's put
out the vibe there that's not what you
guys should start out do the Macarena in
it - what do you want
where to
we rose
