so you log in you see those babies see
those babies you know what these babies
do honey they're gonna kick butt kick
toddler but what do they do dad these
shoes are gonna go running today no they
do not bake cookies they are gonna run
stairs and they're gonna run around a
track I'm not gonna but these shoes are
it just so happens that I'm in them so
let's see what happens you ready
car you guys ready to go exercise
seriously where's his Ritalin I'm not
going this is the first shirt with
airhead subscribe to shaycarl and add
youtube.com/scishow Carl turn around
what where's your drink it's right in
the fridge and the shirt says does this
make me look fat and that's like my old
logo I want another one of those for the
shaycarl hats
we felt like 20 of those shirts I think
don't we we did I don't know we're bad
at shirts we're gonna get some someday
don't worry about it
but say not for Wow
all right let's go
what is that your vertical what stair
your vertigo stair
what's a vertical stair is that like if
you're looking straight up is that what
she said who's dead son tard dropped his
gatorade got it coop coop tard excited
to go work out what did you just drop
because I like the new style we're all
dropping our gatorade baby tard
Brit to start what are you done my dude
you dropped it dummy stop dropping your
Jews hate when I drop my Jews we're
going to exercise that's right
Shea laws we're gonna lose that I don't
even want to bring shayloss up because I
know so many of you are mad at me about
that but I'm gonna I'm gonna do I'm
gonna I don't see that two things like I
don't even want to talk about it I don't
want to talk about it with you guys
because I think you'll just be mad at me
like I don't want to try to I want to
try to remote of eight you or read
motivate myself or me like okay guys you
ready booth we're gonna do is we're sick
you feel this way we're making change
it's hard vlogging with your kids in the
car um but yeah just that's what I'm
saying like I just feel like he's gonna
be pissed about these pissed at me so I
just don't want to talk about it I don't
wanna talk about
chillie you did slip and slide in our
hallway in the last day of our senior
year so they punish us with me this you
made a slip and slide in the hallway
that's sweet you do a slip and slide
down this or like big thing okay you
guys so they said I don't really want to
talk about shayloss and and dreading
this forever it's almost like I haven't
worked out or tried to lose weight just
specifically because I didn't want to
have to address the issue of my failed
attempts and I have plenty of excuses I
can tell them all to you guys but I'm
sure you don't hear me
so I'll make it I'll make a video on
shayloss either tonight or tomorrow that
you can look for I'm not gonna talk
about it well I always say I'm not gonna
talk about my weight loss on Shaytards
but guess what this is a video every day
of my life and if I'm gonna be
exercising that's part of my life so
you're probably hear about it they're
gonna centered there you go he's pumped
he's got his iPod in and he is taking
off around the track already okay so
here's what I'm gonna do today here's my
goal this is gonna be pretty big for me
because I haven't worked out at all most
I've done is like playing softball with
my family on Mother's Day so I go
throwing around the track for x which is
one mile and then I think I don't know
Carly this might be really hard for me
so every time I run around the track
once I'm gonna run these stairs 1 2 3 4
so I'm gonna go up down up down and
around and do that four times what
so do the stairs than the lap then
stairs then lap okay so that's what
that's my goal is I guess I'll bring the
camera with me okay
first day is the hardest right first
days the hardest here we go okay there's
the stairs ready here goes our first
thing okay
first day is the hardest just kind of
keep remember that oh I can feel the fat
on my back jiggling that's the worst oh
it's so embarrassing
you can't even see it but I'm
embarrassed about it
1 mile for stairs now how do you fill 3
4 5 and Counting well Jenna how do you
feel good whatever you're 6 you don't
count what I can't believe I can't
believe I don't mean words I mean at
least nice beautiful workout I know it's
pretty I only ran like 30 percent of the
time I walked most the time but 4 laps
around four stairs
pretty good too it's a good back burner
you do tubers oh my butt so pretty soon
all my YouTube video thumbnails are just
gonna be off my butt and tight pants
are you naked to be looking forward to
that
well guess who else I brought with us to
work out but I forgot man sorry dude go
run around with a gospel few minutes
we forgot you we were anxious to work
out jump over it you wuss come on K
there you go
run run is your workout you did four
laps around the track you win a mile
that's a good job dude what music you
listen in to hear let's hear let me see
he is here how was your workout you
didn't do it workout you just walked
around with your Gatorade hey hey look
at me look at me I love you love you
come on Malachi come on Malachi here he
comes around the back stretch well the
guy on the third row here we go what oh
he's fast Malik I could beat any dog in
a race ever he's so fast
what let it scare you Oh high-strung get
the D crushed hi where's Davey tard
wait daddy what what do you want okay
I'll be out here you guys look I'm
burning more calories I'm sweating I'm
mowing the lawn now huh all right I ran
it stairs no I'm on get looks pretty
sweet huh you know what this fence I
think it's actually really helped the
grass over on this side used to be dry
because the other fence we have like the
Sun would get through but I think the
grass gets really good shade now cuz
that fence gets like a lot greener like
right along that fence it's really thick
and green so it looks nice
but I have to do the mower up really
high you know when you don't mow the
lawn forever that's like you have to do
it on the highest setting because it
keeps dying that's the most frustrating
thing it keeps dying cuz you're trying
to push it through the grass so if
you're doing a really high setting and
then you have to go back across it want
a lower setting so it looks good this is
these are the kind of confrontations I
have to deal with on a day-to-day basis
it's pretty tough I know okay I'm gonna
say you guys on the fence I'm gonna
finish them on the lawn okay you guys
are gonna sit right here okay I'm gonna
set you right there I'm gonna go mow the
lawn okay bye guys
you think I just really Olivia there
don't be silly
