so what what does he say okay so okay
mommy's buying this stroller I like it
you just like the colors on it I think
that's sweet how much is it hey hey
look at me when I'm dragging you
high-five you up yeah I think it's cool
we did get one but she doesn't like the
other one but that's a sweet one and
they say it's lightweight we did buy
this one but we don't like it we think
the color is kind of ugly and it's kind
of heavy
mommy even got the scale out to weigh
how much to weight because the other
ones are like a pound lighter what are
do you like that one
why don't you model it for us wait wait
don't get on the scale okay here get in
it does this this mean we can't take it
back she gets in it Rockabye Baby in the
treetop when the waivers
well hey guys welcome to tool time
without Portland and Tim the tool man
Taylor
so it's lunchtime and I was working on
the computer and mommy tart and the kids
already ate so I'm going to get one of
my favorite sandwiches a turkey Tom from
Jimmy John's and we never really had one
when we're in LA but there's one kind of
by our house here and for some reason I
just been craving the crap out of them
that's a weird thing to say craving the
crap I've been craving the crap out of
this Turkey Tom sandwich in Jimmy John's
and Malachi and pretty star decided to
come along for the ride yesterday you
know I like to go for rides because I
like to look out the window so he's
unlike you don't like that how do you
sound you sound happy are you happy are
you gonna want a turkey Tom - you're
gonna want to Turkey Tom - that's hard
to say ten times faster to talk to you
I'm gonna talk to Tom do I want a turkey
Tom - dad well can i up a beat Brian a
beefy Brian you guys have any goals you
have any goals that you've set for
yourself maybe you have like these
little mental goals or there's just like
these overall goals for your life but do
you ever do you guys ever sent specific
goals that you write down on a piece of
paper that have like a time allotment
attached to it like I want to be able to
do you know whatever say I want to be
able to run ten miles in 20 minutes in
the next six months like very specific
goals like that one of the books I read
I don't know I've read a lot of
different like self-help books I just
love them I I really get excited about
like self introspection and thinking
about my life and like what am i doing
where can I go what can I become stuff
like that and one of the books I read
this guy he said I think it's a I think
was JCPenney like the founder of
JCPenney he said in one of these books I
read he said show me a stock clerk with
no goals a stock clerk being you know
somebody who folds the pants or whatever
and just you know puts them on the shelf
show me a stock clerk with no goals and
I'll show you a stock clerk show me a
stock clerk with goals and I'll show you
a CEO meaning basically by setting goals
you've kind of force yourself to do more
things in life or you you know instead
of just kind of going through the
day-to-day mundane things of just
surviving are you actually trying to
achieve anything and I felt like you
know I was with the ear vlogs that was
one major thing was like you know I want
to be able to do this like I set this
goal it's make a video every single day
for a year and then we achieved it and
now I'm just kind of like well what am i
doing now like am I gonna I can say I'm
gonna go for two years or I'm gonna be
the first one to upload a video every
day for a thousand days but I don't know
I feel like I don't really have any at
the moment like goals or things that I'm
really trying to achieve so I need to
think of something that I mean the baby
I guess is the next thing I have a goal
to make sure my wife delivers a healthy
baby but I gotta think of some what are
your goals yes set specific goals and
write them down let me know can you
dance the seed and the dancing turns
into a hopping where you going baby
tarde baby she loves her mommy come help
me get this thing out of here yeah
taking it back I'm such a spoiled brat
I'm a spoiled brat just cuz you like it
wow it's the wrong size why is the wrong
size it's ready cars should be like you
should want what you hate
I mean some people could say we you
should've thought about that before you
bought it we found one that we liked
better online babies are happy and you
don't want a car seat that's come on do
work it
get those quads in shape I think we
should get that would you use it
yeah exercise on that win in the morning
when you get up okay you hear that 5:00
a.m. Sun tardes gonna get on that for
how long every day dude a whole day
that's a lot of calories burned what
what do you like those shoes those
pretty listen I'm gonna say marks get
set go and then I'm gonna run backwards
and you guys can run forwards if you
guys can run up and touch the camera
then you can have candy okay set go
I think you got it what no you touch
camera this dude there's this really hot
chick up here I'm gonna totally clear
with them
sexy
show us your pregnant belly
this is the tard mobile are you being a
backseat driver yell up there's a turn
left here
turn left Aaron tomorrow for Sun tart at
school they're doing like an alphabet
thing you know like learn the alphabet
like that ever came in handy right what
am I ever gonna use this anyways Oh an
ABC party excuse me no it is Sun tarts
letter is why why is this letter y so
that's like I think I think they gave
him why because that's like one of the
harder ones and he's obviously probably
one of the smartest is the teachers like
why who can think of something like how
why that's impossible
let's give it to the genius of the class
the Sun tarde
you got the Y right this place that has
all these party favors and stuff looking
for little trinkets I'm thinking a yo-yo
we don't know yelling kids that won't
shut what can you guys think of this
hurts of the Y that we could get 24 Oh
baby shut your mouth we're looking we
see we see everything and it's awesome
we love it okay deeper like where
Disneyland or something so what can you
guys think of the search with Y a little
trinket and he needs to bring 24 of them
to his school tomorrow that's kind of a
cop-out yellow yellow it's yellow ball I
mean in the Cosi would be a yo-yo if we
could find yo yos I know how about a
yurt it's like when you go skiing up in
the in the mountains in the snow and you
and you like sleep overnight in a yurt
you never heard of a yurt is what a yurt
a yurt let me get rid of you freakin
brats shut up and go away perfect
companies in that bag
so - he needs 24 exactly cuz a dozen is
12 and 12 times 2 is 24 that's how I did
that math ayaat I'm on a yacht I'm on a
yacht mother truckers I'm on a mother
effing yacht that made the song
different how about a year how about
yoga we get 24 Yoda's or a yak with that
animal there's a yak big hairy animal
called a yak yak I'm trying to make as
many why are you waving at Prince to
stop the handle
Emma sir I see delicious baby Hardy
turns bastard anybody else except for
mom won't explain why you have this tray
which looks like it's from Taco Bell you
mean you stole it from Taco Bell I'm
borrowing one day mom was at Taco Bell
with her friends and she walks out and
she's talking to her friends and she
just walks out with the tray and she
takes it in the car with her and it's
purple I like it so I'm keeping it and
it matches your sweater what are you
making you're making necklaces
I'm making a nice bracelet mom I think
this is the filled the famous field
where you screamed people leave that in
the comments now all the time
yeah any time I do something that was
like hey we should have a t-shirt a
t-shirt that says good what does it say
mom but those bleachers went were
totally full and I was on the very top
they were totally full even the Pope and
the Queen of England were there that's
how far it was people seriously let's go
now 1/500 of or we go now hey bud about
also Wheaton it went fine but looking
nice in those pants one five
oh yeah one five good throw one five
embarrass you embarrassment Oh mommy
guards not embarrassed she's lived with
me forever
she's do it soon at least he ever gets
embarrassed mom eat hard to get
embarrassed bad I'm obnoxious to be a
brother if I was your brother
I would annoy you hey hey it's this
mustache is bigger than mine
cuz I'm a bigger man I have a wussy
mustache that's just like pencil-thin
I'm like a Mexican Bandito and you're
like you're like what's that dude with
the big mustache you know what they say
don't you who's Burt Reynolds you got a
Burt Reynolds mustache me and Burt Burt
Reynolds
she's the perfect throwing link she used
to kind of be too light throw her high
but she was too light
that's three outs bring it in boys bring
it in let's get some hits now here we go
now okay number one five is up
there's no outs nobody on base last
inning they got a score at least four
runs to win it
let's see what he does this is real
sport talk wish jaycara
nice hit nice diving catch by
centerfield man good rope what you say
baby turn are you being cute oh yeah
baby charter you gonna help with the new
baby you help with the new baby arena
arena demote baby tard she she beat
toddler tard hey baby target what if we
changed your name it's like Patrick
Swayze the dancing dirty dance dirty
dancing she her name is baby
that's that was the name baby that's
dumb
don't you remember the line is that from
dirty dancing
hey toddler tard we're switching your
name you're not the new baby tired
anymore can you be toddlers hard
what tiny tard will it be ironic if
maybe he'll be like six five three
hundred pounds swing calm tiny target
hey tiny tard I'm not Johnny it's just
an ironic name that's all now you're
gonna die stop sucking your thumb
toddler card I'm not gonna be I punch
you in the face turn over these weirdos
get in my truck
what happened did she make you girl
ready I Drive through and then they left
to go come on cuz my parents live close
dear so they left to go ping-mei into
the restaurant to go then what do they
say icecream
I will said snail
all right snail said miss Harvey hurry
back
snail it out the door and down the long
hallway we saw water hi I were loggin
here boom farting how's that you baby
tired you just said to me who farted Oh
graduated snail climbed up he turned the
handle whoosh water came running out
smell splashed snail swam snail rested
snail surfed here's the library cried
snail those must be bugs all the water
drained away watch what a bad pumpkin
aren't you and mr. bowling ball go to
bed
he's like our bookshelves got all of our
books set up mommy guard put two of
these bookshelves together isn't that
sweet and this is one of my favorite
pictures I saw this somewhere and I
really liked it and this has a good
message so I put it here in my office it
says pull it one more mile this
photograph was taken about 1917 in an
underground mine shaft
the horse was totally blind as we're all
such horses due to a lifetime in total
darkness it is the
most impressive image I have ever seen
I'm reading this this thing down here it
depicts the American Way of life and the
effort it took our forefathers to build
this great country often when I have
been discouraged and despondent beyond
words I have looked at this picture and
said to myself I will pull it one more
mile with that attitude in mind and with
an average amount of intelligence any
person can certainly attain and make a
success of their life in this land of
free enterprise
