okay second half apparently the webcam
only lets me record ten minutes at a
time so let me speed this up okay so the
first youtuber I started watching was
Dax flame I remember certain watches
videos and reading all the comments is
like these giant debates in the comments
like this guy is mentally ill and no
this is just an act and I was like this
is so crazy this guy has so many people
like fighting over his videos and he was
getting hundreds of thousands of views
and I was like this is this is weird
like this guy's like I got like I know
he's a celebrity but all these people
are like watching him so then I came
across sxephil philipdefranco and he had
this he like right at the time that I
found him he had this this this video
called how to get a popular online
series or web show or something like
that and that was the first time you
know that I realized like people are
actually like making shows or whatever
on YouTube like I remember Phil he had
like this cool little intro like Dan
identity had like he's on a phone and
I'm like this is so weird and so I was
like doing the radio show and I was like
I could I could do this like I started
watching Phil and I was like okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna um I'm gonna make a
video response to this video and the
very first video that I that I basically
made on purpose to go on YouTube because
I had uploaded a couple videos of like
me skiing like after I'd watched all
night I was like I've got some funny
videos I'm gonna put on here so I put a
couple of videos on YouTube but like
this was the first video that I had made
like this is I'm gonna make this video
to go on YouTube and it's gonna be for
this this guy's contest so as a video
based on this concept that I came up
with one night when I was doing this
thing in the studio called the rant of
Shay where I talked about antibacterials
stuff how it says it kills 99.99% of the
germs and I was like well that obviously
it's not killing 1% of the germs the one
germ that is left is like the he-man
germ he's like the strongest germ of all
the germs and now he's pissed cuz I just
killed his whole family I killed every
germ but the germ I wanted to be dead in
anyways so I made this little rant video
called the he-man germ and submitted it
to Phil's contest well a long story
short Phil liked it I was one of the top
five finalists he put me on his website
and then people started subscribing to
me I remember I got like 200 subscribers
I remember make
a 200 subscriber video like I've got 200
subscribers and I started getting emails
from people like you should make more
videos these are really funny and I'm
like what would he it was it was blew my
mind and blew my mind the people from
anywhere in the world could watch me
sitting in my room talking about just
whatever and and they they could send me
emails they could communicate with me
and I was just like this is insane this
is crazy and so they all of a sudden
like you know the granite I still had my
granite business and I was doing the
radio DJ stuff but like all sudden like
all's I cared about is like making more
videos like that's all I could think
about like I would make a video and a
couple days would go by and like I had
to make another video what should i do
should I make a video about like people
asked to make more videos and it's like
all I could think about she's calling me
again hi
yes ma'am come downstairs come
downstairs and say hi to us love you bye
anyways so um so I you know Phil then
gave me a shout-out on this show and
then I got like 3,000 subscribers and I
remember like just watching like all day
I just sit there and hit and refresh on
my email sometime I got a subscriber I
would come to my email and I just like
refresh fresh and I'm like 3,000 people
insane so then I just totally like you
know everything kind of went to the
wayside like I the granite job like I
was like I just kind of like I just
didn't want to do it anymore like this
is all I cared about I started going to
YouTube gatherings
like try try telling your wife that
you're gonna fly to San Francisco to
meet with a bunch of people you met on
the Internet you know that didn't she's
like what I remember my first gathering
in San Francisco I met you know a ton of
youtubers Charles Trippy I was like well
the first YouTube where I met and that
Phil there and Lindsey and sip stir and
renetto and alts and mr. safety and all
these people that I'd like watched on
the internet and it was like I just got
into this thing man and like literally
for the last two years and nine months
this is all I've thought about and I
have done every job under the Sun I've
been a real estate agent like I said I
don't my own granite business radio DJ
so pest control door-to-door I was a
school bus driver I should drive school
buses I was you know worked at all kinds
of restaurants you know trying to do
insurance sales come here telling our
used tubes story so when I started going
to YouTube gatherings I've been to like
probably nine YouTube gatherings in
Canada New York Philadelphia
you know um and all over we're did well
so we've been you've been yeah so and
that's that's you know and and then the
big day came when it's like I was about
to turn 30 oh no I was I was not turned
29 and I was like you know is like
another life moment like about to be 30
and and I was like what can I do and I
started watching Danny Danny Danny cross
ditch do the Graduate report he started
doing a daily diary on January of Oh a
oh nine anyway I was watching his videos
and he didn't do anything in his videos
like he literally he would go to work he
would eat and then he would go home in
his room
and I was like every day I was like I
want to see what he did today I was it
was intriguing to me so I was like what
if I made a video every day of my 29th
year and like this would be a great way
like before I'm 30 what I made 365
videos so he did that and you want to
sit down this is really getting to be
like a long thing and and then okay so
then we moved to California then I'm I'm
talking to Danny diamond one night and I
was at the radio studio he's like we
just I had actually just flown out there
and we'd done his project together for
the new movie crank to coming out and
I'm when I was there working on the
project I'm like this is so fun like
before it was like me and and her trying
to film videos and I'm like you hold the
camera no not like that like hold it
down and then she'd be like kay go I'm
back is it on and she got yeah and then
I do it she goes wait it's not on I'm
like honey me and her and she's actually
gotten to be like a really good
cameraman now
because of it but in the early days it
was like we would be like trying to make
these videos I'm like this is so hard
but so then when I went to California to
film this thing with Lisa and Danny and
Kassim and it was just like I said for
crank to I was like this is so funny
because you guys are like nice cameras
and you know what it's like to be a
youtuber like this would be so cool if
we just like did this together all the
time like what if we lived by each other
then we talked about it a little bit
then but you know didn't think much of
it so then like I said I was back home
here in Idaho and I called Danny one
night and we were talking and he's like
why don't you move out here and we'll
start a channel and we'll just we'll all
help each other make videos and we'll
promote each other and you know we'll
get a bunch of people in it and it'll
just be a blast and so like hey honey
let's move to Los Angeles California
which was another like fun sell you know
like moved to Los Angeles we have at
this point you know three kids and but
because you know I've had success in
YouTube she saw the value and it finally
and she was like okay let's do us we
move moved to Venice Beach and you guys
kind of know the story from there
started the station you know I mean my
real life friends are now my internet
friends there's no difference really
it's like you know we would we would
make videos all day and then we'd hang
out at night we'd have birthday parties
and it's just like literally my whole
life now this is like YouTube it's
ridiculous it's ridiculous I was a
normal person I was like you once
but this whole thing it's it's insanely
crazy and it's impossible to show the
gratitude and and I was watching Michael
Buckley's video and it literally is what
he said is so true you you you can't
form the words to express how amazing
this is and and what what an amazing
thing YouTube is five years it's been
going on you know I've been part of it
for basically three and who knows who
knows where it's gonna go in the next
five to ten years it could it could all
die tomorrow and I would I would I would
have a million memories and a million
friends and a million you know amazing
opportunities that I've had
because of this and I thank all of you
this is getting so happy but I hope it
continues forever to me it's still too
good to be true
it literally is still too good to
actually be reality I'm gonna wake up
tomorrow morning to my five o'clock
alarm to have to go polish granite again
that's I know this is you know a
two-part 20 minute video but that's
really the condensed version because
there's so much more that and so many
more exciting things that happened in
between there and so many we're exciting
things to come so thank you guys thank
you so much
you can't even like I said like Michael
Buckley said you can't even form the
words to express the gratitude that
comes from being able to do this and
share our lives you know with you guys
and I appreciate you guys watching and
being a part of it okay so that is my
youtube story and hopefully there'll be
a lot more to come okay now me and Tim
the Toolman Taylor have to go work on a
project is that moral insane now
