I thought everybody if I'm pretending to
comb my beard with this video starts
okay I am shaycarl hi nice to meet you I
this is my youtube story a lot of people
been making them I've been watching
quite a few of them and it's made me
feel very nostalgic thinking back on my
YouTube Ness or how I've come to where I
am now and I'm worried about my
microphone I hope you can hear me as I
record this whole video doesn't work I
wanna be pressed and I'm not gonna edit
this coz videos like this I like to just
let it flow out I don't want to edit it
I don't want to like take things out
that I think sounds dumb or whatever so
I get really nervous when I make videos
like this where I say I am NOT gonna
edit this at all I'm gonna open the
webcam and just go and hopefully it
won't be too long and ridiculous okay so
my youtube story starts before I was
even on YouTube I remember it well like
it was yesterday
I will you were driving home my my
wife's parents live in another city
that's like 30 minutes from where we
lived and we went to their house for
something and I can't remember what it
was but I remember the drive home me and
my wife were in the car and it's late at
night it's probably like 11 o'clock at
night all the kids are asleep at the
time I think I was 27 years old and we
had two kids I think baby Todd was on
the way I don't think she was born yet
and I just remember thinking to myself
is this it like I'm 27 married with a
third kid on the way I'm working 60
hours a week at a job I really just
don't like that much like it's okay and
like I don't hate it but I don't love it
by any means and it's it's it's such a
large part of my life is this what I
want to do like am I done is my life
over with and I me and my wife were just
talking about that and I was expressing
to her how I felt like frustrated and I
didn't I don't feel like I was doing
what I wanted to be doing I hated the
fact that somebody controlled when and
and at what times I could hang out with
my wife and kids you know I had to be a
war
and then I got a I got a 30-minute lunch
break so I remember I'd ride home on my
bike because I was light lived close to
where I worked and after hurry neat
legend had to watch the clock the whole
time talking to my wife trying to play
with my kids but I'm watching the clocks
like I got a I got to leave five minutes
before I have to be back or else I'm
gonna get in trouble and I hated that
fact I hated that I was in charge and so
I I started listening to these different
like book on tapes I even had one of
them here I was asleep to the other day
okay now you're gonna know what it is oh
right here I actually found this at
Walmart once yes really think this is
like a promotion this guy named Joel
Olsteen called your best life now I
started listening to this dude and I
love stuff like that like I have books
like all over the place seven Habits of
Highly Effective People by Stephen Covey
Dale Carnegie's book how to win friends
and influence people I love these kind
of things where it's like introspection
in like what are you doing with your
life do you have goals and I would
listen to these kind of things all the
time while I was at my job and I would
always sing to myself there's something
bigger out there I don't know what it is
but I am gonna do something somehow I
had no idea what it was gonna be and I I
really was like what what am I gonna do
and I finally came to the point where I
was like I can't do this I cannot work
for somebody anymore I need to be in
control of my own life so I started my
own business and I started a granite
business doing granite countertops and I
was like I don't like granite but I knew
that I just had to make that step I had
to make that leap and it was a good time
because we're having the third baby and
we've sold their first house that we
ever bought and we made some money off
of it because we had a really good deal
on it cuz we bought it like four years
earlier so we had some cash so I'm like
I'm gonna take this cash and I'm gonna
start my own business I'm gonna start
this granite countertop business and
because it's something I know how to do
but I just want to have my own thing you
know I want to be working towards
something so I started this granite
business and I knew that it wasn't gonna
last I knew that it was just gonna be
temporary and I just I just had to you
know I'm saying like you just had to do
something rather than just clocking in
and out every day and it was driving me
crazy and I just had to control my life
so I started doing that and shortly
after that you know I used to always
call in when I we worked at the granite
place so I'd be I'd be in the granite
you know I beat Paul
Sheen granite 6:00 in the morning
listening to the radio so I used to
always call in to the radio station and
they'd always have this thing called the
answer's never dirty and it was a silly
little trivia thing where you know you'd
call in long story short the DJ's at the
radio station got to know who I was
because we would always call in and
would always make jokes and I ended up
be caught becoming called croquet shave
some of you know this story and they
knew who I was because I'd call him like
every day and just bug him basically so
one day I called in and the the program
director the head morning DJ he said
okay listen if you stop calling in every
day
I'll give you your own segment and what
it is called this dog house Wednesday
every Wednesday you know man or wife
will call in or boyfriend a girlfriend
they will tell why they're in trouble
with their significant other and I got
to be one of the judges and so I
listened to the stories and then I'd
make some funny commentary about what
the person did and I got to vote on who
I thought was in the most trouble so I
got my own little segment every
Wednesday you know I didn't work for the
radio station but I just I would call in
every Wednesday and I you know I had my
own little you know I was a judge on
this doghouse Wednesday so I started
doing that and I loved it it was just
like so exciting and people would be
like oh I heard you on the radio the
other day you're you're really funny
that was so sweet I was like oh really I
was like thanks so like every Wednesday
just totally look forward to this like I
wake up excited about life on Wednesday
mornings because like I could to be on
the radio today another take speed up to
I was driving around one day and I heard
on the same radio station they were
hiring for DJ's like can you talk to him
people do your friends think you're
funny
blah blah blah well come on in and say
anyways so I at that point I had known
the program director and I knew the DJ
so I just called him I'm like hey this
is Shay I had just heard the commercial
that you guys are hiring for a weekend
DJ I won't do it I want it I want it
it's like are you sure he goes it's not
very much money and I said that's okay I
just started my own granite business and
it's doing pretty good and you know I
make my own schedule now so I can come
in and I can do it and and at this at
the time I was like oh great I'm going
back to punching in a time clock but to
me it wasn't for the money at all I got
to be like 8 bucks an hours like 7
I think the start it was like
seven dollars an hour and I was on the
radio for two hours on Saturday and
Sunday and I remember going in the first
time and and the microphone was there
and all the buttons and I was like this
is crazy and I did that for a couple
months I was on the weekends and then
somebody left and then so somebody that
did the night show got moved to a
different time slot and then they
offered me my own show at nights Monday
through Thursdays from 6:00 p.m. to
midnight and that was literally you know
like six hours
my wife's calling me I'm making a video
I love you what are you doing okay I
pull you back I'll call you back love
you that's what somebody does who's
eight and a half months pregnant they
call you when they're upstairs instead
of coming down here she just calls me
cuz she waddles around a lot anyway so I
got my own radio show and right at that
same time I bought my first computer
it's right here let me show you hold on
videos gonna be long but I love you guys
and hopefully you don't care this is the
first computer that I ever owned in my
life and I was 27 years old this little
Dell I know what it's called so maybe
you might have this it was 500 bucks I
was 27 and a half years old this time
first computer I ever owned I never
taken a computer class I've never taken
a typing class I'd never taken anything
I typed like this literally and I
remember getting it hooking up the
internet and and find in YouTube because
the way the first the first time I ever
found YouTube I was still working in the
granite shop my brother can't edit this
out and my my friend is like dude come
watch this dude beat these people up and
it was Kimbo Kimbo Slice you know all
his videos were just getting popular on
on the Internet and I remember during
break we all all the guys would go and
just watch Kimbo beat the crap out of
these dudes and backyards I was like
that's crazy and I remember like I would
get on the the computers at work and I
go on YouTube and be like
try to find these new Kimbo fights and
in the meantime I'd be like um Green Day
concert I just type in random things and
you know I just watched a good Green Day
concert or whatever so that was like
cloning my own computer so I bought this
computer I remember the first night I
got it set up the Internet I remember
sitting in the chair saying goodnight to
my wife and I'm sitting in the room with
her and I just remember getting on the
computer sitting in this chair and
getting on YouTube and just like typing
in ski jumping or skateboarding or
rollerblading crashes or just whatever
and literally just it was like I can
just type in whatever I want and like
what cool thing would I like to see it
was like ice climber parachutes off
Empire State Building or just you know
that's a little ridiculous but I
literally was just typing in anything I
liked or thought was cool on YouTube and
just watching all the videos and all and
before I knew it the Sun was coming up
in the window I had literally stayed up
all night long on YouTube and the Sun
came up and I'm a my wife waking up and
she's like are you still on the computer
and she's like are you looking at porn
Oh cuz watching YouTube videos
