so you are not watching the shades are
gorgeous if Natalie likes following
water to the same shakers to the things
he does from a deal family and just
become deeper his life online you got a
brainless home for two I'm ready for a
baby also let it be clear
Thank You sloggin here job that is
wicked and reason the old camera can you
guys see the little scratch on the top
left of your screen this is the camera
this is we need to keep this camera this
is the camera that we've logged every
day for a year with I've since bought a
new one because you know why the very
last day or it was afterwards the day
after the last day of the vlogs
this camera stopped working but turns
out I just need two new batteries funny
but so now it's still working and there
was I don't know if you guys can see it
sometimes it's in the Sun the top the
top left of the screen has like a little
chip and that's like it's our friend our
friend chip call him chip chip chip chip
aru we're in the drive through we're
gonna go on a picnic with the family
tarde we got the kids in the back seat
that's where they usually go so that was
a pointless thing to say to you okay
sorry fine and a dad to see his face to
see is that bad bad just to see he is
it's less than that I promised
everything I've ever had
are you laughing about
singing a song what are you left the
girls do that lady she's fixed me
no the lady in the car she had the most
disgusted look at her
it's she's like me like what is your
problem please your prom dress do you
think you are steak the steak thing hi
Carly do a Russian that's pretty good
your legs were past vertical is that you
show of teach princess starting to do
that princess art let's see you do one
pretty start go do jumping don't do toe
touch you're nice mommy tired your turn
let me see as a lizard yeah lizard tail
mommy car doesn't like you holding dead
lizard tails what happened the kids
grabbed it what the kids grabbed it and
then it robots like this long
that's their that's their defense
mechanism I remember when we lived in
Arizona me in case he would catch them
and their tails will break off all the
time we'd always put them in we always
put them in your food and not tell you
about it push me high ankle Logan push
me higher hmm hi mommy mommy look at me
I'm going hi daddy look at me
what do you mean there's a weight limit
oh here dude
grab the camera okay ready I'm gonna do
a handoff ready I got it no I got it
this chain break problem maybe it's me
now what I was ready for that hi you
guys one of the greatest things in the
world is about to happen I'm going to
exchange this $10 note one of these
where's the sign for tropical Ice Baby
hi
I need 14 larges just kidding
1 large and for kitties 3 candy three
kitties hands down one of the best
things about summer what do you guys
think you like in the pina colada
baby tard that yummy I hear princess
starts slurping it down back there that
yummy of course Mommy tarde chooses to
get ice cream instead she's an ice cream
girl but not us huh
we're I see people oh so good seriously
my favorite things like I could be 400
of these in a day what is that I look
like I have no thanks for the fat joke
jerks is this painted orange or is that
just the mud or I think it is actually
painted orange though too
hey what did you just say to me she said
dad you better get this on camera like
what is it and she found a dandelion
that is uh three dandelions in one crazy
huh all right we got it on camera you
happy now Satine is an earthworm hey get
our fades hi I'm editing the video right
now to upload to Yodo dot-com slash
Shaytards and I'm including right here
at the very end of today's video a
little birthday collab clip stop and I'm
vlogging a little birthday collab clip
that we made yesterday for my buddy our
friend and compadre and comrade hi I'm
Ron now oh snap at deleting dong you
want to get in here want to get in here
a haircut tard good um anyways it's hi
I'm Ron its birthday and we made this
you guys are messing up my style here we
made this little birthday collab clip
for hi I'm Ron so go wish him I'm gonna
put his link in the pants bar in the sub
bar in the sink bar and the under bar in
the armpit bar that's what it's gonna be
called the art bed bar go check out the
armpit bar all the links are in the
armpit bar and this is a birthday club
that we made for hi I'm Ron yesterday
it's his birthday we love it we love you
Ron happy birthday dude you keep messing
with the computed or a your hair's
messed up now hi Ron weird it's your
birthday and we were sad you couldn't be
here with us so we got this watermelon
with your face on it now I want to give
you presents okay here we go
I got you this knife I got you this
sledgehammer I got you this coal new
truck we got you this cup of gasoline
wha
happy birthday wrong
