okay we're headed to Walley world to go
bragh grand some stuff yesterday
princess hard to ask me this random
question she said dad do you have any
wood to build me a show looks like not
what honey wood to build your show just
like I want you to build me a shelf and
I'm like I could build a shelf I used to
build things and yesterday I was like
okay tomorrow we'll go to Home Depot and
get some wood we'll build you a show and
then today she's like dad are you
forgetting something I'm like what am I
forgetting to those you were gonna build
me a shelf and I'm like ah kids never
forget so we're gonna go to Walmart I'm
gonna try to find one to buy because I
filled one that would take time and
effort I just want to use my debit card
to build one right mommy guard have some
what what are the bed somewhat under her
bed what I didn't why are you rolling
your eyes that's a nice ring you got
there Brittany sparkly no how much did
that cost $30 $30 so here's the original
story and we've told this story Oh
actually I saw this in the comments the
other day when we were talking about the
Rose I proposed to mommy turn with I had
um the ring that I proposed to her with
I've told some of you this I swear
unless you haven't heard this story the
ring was on the flower and when I let go
of the ring I handed her the flower okay
and let me explain us the ring was the
stem the ring was around the stem of the
flower and I put the ring all the way up
right underneath the bud
it's slip down it like landed on her
hand I can't slid down the stem and
landed on her hand and then I got down
on my knees will you marry me will you
marry me it was a musical I had it all
planned out I had choreography I had
dancers it was like it was I mean also
Jason anyways um what happened that ring
don't cry for mommy her ring is gone she
lost it to was to two or three princes
hard when she was two or three used to
always climb up not you why are you out
Prince start she used to climb up on the
sink where mommy tart would take her
ring off to watch the dishes right so we
think that princess chard either
swallowed it sold it on the black market
or threw it in the yard and that's our
last option mommy tired wants to go rent
a metal detector we looked everywhere
before you got in the house we looked we
went through we went through all that's
gross I forgot about that we went
through old diapers cuz we thought she
might have eaten it and maybe had coming
up come come out in her diaper like
that's how desperate mommy's heart was
she was going through old cookie diapers
they were in the garbage looking for her
wedding ring so anyways the other night
when me and Casey were at the Jazz game
mommy thar did a little online shopping
plus she was in the hotel room and she
bought herself this ring which is the
Britney Spears replica ring it's like
three carats but it cost $30 it's fake
what is it like cubic zirconium or
sterling silver the ring is but the it's
not a real diamond so that's what she
wears and now people see it and they
probably think like anyways we're going
to Walmart to build a shelf with my
debit card
so Sparkle ish it's ready
catch ready here comes a mess alright
you know hold your hands up put your
hands up here you go catch taught it
down to here
oh the flowers and the bread yeah let's
see how how you can bounce it they will
get kicked out he caught it
nice job I'll be tired coming to you
kick her out she's throwing balls in the
store son tart let the ball go
underneath the aisle did you get it oh
nice nice save and looks like you got
something else too good thing you got a
hat on
huh always comes in handy no it's dirty
here
hold on Lily let me brush it off put on
your head I'm gonna brush it off just
Center out there let me brush it off for
your hair look up I'm just getting it
play that card I gotta brush it off for
you the top and you clean it off here
let's see let's see
you got swirl right here look still okay
pick those ones up yeah those ones up
pick those up throw him to mommy Jonah
mommy not both of them just dum dum dum
- mommy the newborn diapers were too far
back so we had to have a little helper
okay jump Betty Jo
come on meter is thinking that she's
gonna have the baby pretty soon because
she just bought newborn diapers always
be prepared
princess start what are you doing are
you stamping all of them
she's like stamping a box right all
right access guaranteed in this cart
let's go move it along to the next aisle
please okay if you're gonna wear that
hat you have to do a dance go Annie are
you ok are you ok annie annie okay with
the leg and the spin well some people
might say otherwise so your belly your
shirt show us your belly mommy tired
you're shy
are you picking your nose are you just
picking your nose it wasn't a pig it
wasn't a pig there you go sent tired
what do you got for us
let's get see little dancin oh snap you
don't need a son charge class so Annie
are you okay are you okay are you okay
Annie he always goes to the floor oh
yeah nice can you spin the head around
go like this you spin it like this boom
you do that try it
what do you say well daddy's money
supply for shelves and other worthless
crap is drained but not question look at
your son
look at your son he's gonna be on his
knees saying I'm so sorry I decided to
do that when one of them drown they're
not look at the cover come here look as
a cover right here you put that cover on
it and they can't even get listen we
move I know it's so fun look you bet you
move the ladder and you put that cover
in it and there's no way these girls are
gonna get in it the only one who
possibly could get in it is him and he
can swim and look it's cheaper than the
last one why not okay
give us a reasonable answer why not okay
listen
what are we raising children or grass
what are we raising are we raising
children or us I am yes I will clean it
sundered yes I cleaned that but you
haven't even have you clean it up once
since we've been back
no and it's right I clean no I'm gonna
do it
daddy try guess what seriously the one
reason you have that I agree with is
that they can drown but if you move the
ladder and you put on the cover there's
no way the girls can get in there play
in the backyard but wouldn't if we have
a floor the backyard I'm never gonna be
comfortable with saying the covers on it
though you think they're gonna be able
to at the cover on yeah a little drama
in the Shaytards
time to talk to her some more
