okay mommy tired has come to hood from
the compromised
okay so let's not buy a boat I mean
let's buy a boat instead of a pool right
there try that boat
it's either $499 or $40,000 okay so what
did you say what's your deal okay if we
have a pool I am not in any way shape or
form going to take care of it is anyway
so I'm not cleaning it okay I'm not
setting it up I'm not taking it down I'm
not taking cover over and off of it I am
NOT going to be the one that the kids
come whining to when they want to swim
in it I'm not going to be out there by
myself when they're swimming waters
always have to be there because I am NOT
gonna do it okay not a charge we agree
to that kids yes okay so here's the rule
if you want to go swimming
you never can ask your mom you always
have to ask me no
you guys agree to that cuz mommy doesn't
want to have to be out there trying to
hold the newborn baby nursing the baby
on her boob trying to watch you kids you
can't say boo
anyway so you guys agree to that if we
get that pool you have to swear on your
life that you will never ask mom to let
you go out and swim did you ever want to
swim ever ever ever try to do it by
yourselves right you guys understand
that we're not very strict rules and if
you don't follow them then we will empty
the pool and fill it
Dallin we will fill it with with
Hawaiian Punch and only daddy can swim
in it okay so we're gonna we're gonna
talk about it we're gonna talk about
with the kids and maybe we'll get the
pool I want to and that's a lot of
responsibility on me I'm realizing also
cuz if mommy tard is not gonna touch
anything at all that's a lot of
responsibility on dad so we'll think
about it two kids it's time for a little
one-on-one time me and you you guys
understand the the the details of
mommy's deal what does she say what is
her deal what is she gonna do with the
pool she's not gonna do nothing right
hey we're out here having one-on-one
time trying to decide if we're gonna get
the pool or not
mommy turds well son tart actually is
gonna be cleaning up poop now because if
we're gonna get the pool then you're
gonna be pulling your weight around here
right yeah basically we'd move the swing
set over here and when it would fit like
right there
20 feet it's 20 feet diameter it'd be
like from the fence to right here and
then from here like right over to the
edge of where the swing set is so the
pool would be like right there plus the
grass is already messed up right there
there's a giant hole of rhubarb right
there that would cover it up you know
it'd be right close to the fence back
there mouth and then we could put those
swing set right there and and the
trampoline right here
we could have a fire pit over here
we're making the most I what I'm trying
to do really is just buy as much stuff
to put back here as possible so I don't
have to mow it and that way there's no
grass to mow so I just have to take care
of the front yard it makes my job a lot
easier the grass is looking what greener
though your face is always greener on
the other side it isn't green okay
sometimes we doing no there's no
bathroom breaks on a chain gang get back
over there and clean up that poop pee in
the bucket you have to pee pee in the
bucket ok run in to go pee and then you
come right back out ok all right a word
and then we're gonna have a barbecue set
up here somewhere right yeah hasar
weight bench slash lawn furniture so no
one likes you
ok guys I'm just sitting here I was
trying to oh my god so frustrating it's
little things like this that I just
think to myself come on dude you've been
doing this for four hundred and twenty
seven days so I just hit compressed
movie and then it will normally drop
down and ask me if I want to save it
before I start compressing which I have
to hit again yes I have to replace it
because the computer died it's a long
frustrating story but basically I was
looking at things for about 30 minutes
while my video could have been
compressing but I just realized on film
that I hadn't hit I hadn't hit the save
and so now the videos gonna be even
later tonight it's these stupid things
that make the video wait I'm sorry
here's what I wanted to talk about um I
always read these channel comments you
guys I well not always but a lot of
times whenever I get on my page I read
these and especially if I'm late I a lot
of times I want YouTube to make a change
because I don't want to always post on
Twitter and fill up my Twitter feed like
I'm a videos gonna be late or like hey
videos not coming up today because of
this or the videos going to you late
because of this what I would really love
YouTube to do is to put a little box up
here where whoever owns the channel can
almost make it like a tweet that's
an update where they could type in
something here like something like hey
guys I'm an idiot I forgot to hit the
Save button on the compression on my
freaking other computer because I'm a
fat loser with no friend - his body odor
and so the videos gonna be late tonight
and then I could just post that right
there and then you guys if you guys are
looking for the video you could come to
the page you could read that little
update and be like oh okay so he's gonna
be late so I'll either go to bed or I'll
wait or whatever but a lot of times I'll
come here if I'm late and I'll leave a
channel comment like hey guys it's gonna
be a play and some of you have seen them
some of you haven't but then you know
the comment leaves because then
everything else comments and it gets
pushed out but I would love if YouTube
just put a little like a little box
right here where youtubers could like
have a status update and then when you
came to the channel comments you could
just be like oh Shay's a fat loser again
and then just type you know stuff down
here like okay see you later fat loser
get the video up but um I usually do
read these these comments these channel
comments a lot so if you guys leave them
it's funny cuz a lot of you guys are
just like talking to each other and I
just watch your little conversations
back and forth to each other
I don't always come in but I watch you
guys like talking back and forth to each
other um also there was a fake account
on here at Katy let they was spelled
with two L's instead of an eye and she
was and whoever this person was like
saying mean things about me and I just
want you guys to know my wife would
never ever say many things about me well
at least now she's in the same house
because she knows this puppy needs a hug
what is our love always have to be on
the Internet
why can't you just ever show me an
affection that I want when the camera's
not on daddy he's getting I think he
starts to know like the voice yeah he's
like the cameras on they're gonna want
me to do something dog literally chill
dog good boy come on now
like classical rock what about this way
is your only option
yeah I think he might like did a little
a little maybe maybe No
then he looked at the drop off he's like
and he could do that that's nothing
that's that's dogged hard you're talking
about
well I'm nursing into it so well up at
Turner bucks I can get him to do it okay
hey we'll try later peace in the Middle
East
what are you guys doing why is this our
fire evacuation program yes all right I
can see it from there did you break your
leg
well good run away from the fire why are
you jumping out the window work we're
practicing our fire evacuation program
what's this so we're doing well jump
jump jump
so you have been watching them do this I
may or may not have condoned this
activity but I was all a while mowing
the lawn and putting the grass in the
bags so I wasn't fully responsible for
them to be out the window I may have
told them they could but at the same
time I was doing an activity so I
thought the mom card was still surveying
what was going on so there's a broken
bone it's it's 70% mommy turns fault not
yes yes and you're paying for it all
right good job great fire better always
be the light someone missing the ocean
someone mommy
that looks cold like a baby tiger let's
go Sudan but she's you know it doesn't
mean she wants to get away just for
looks
you sprayer it's it's
bloody-murder screaming for instance
Thundarr however you can spray the heck
out of him look at the moon the stars to
all of our Muslim friends all right all
kids inside let's go
