he loves making you ooh baby are you
ready for this red beet lip juice I got
my socks on no gold my socks on I got my
muddy muddy socks on
you have your socks on drive your socks
on oh goodness oh no you can't come in
there trying to come in they get there
they are disgusting we'll have giant paw
prints all over the studio I was just
singing the socks on mom I don't want to
say it but I bet you those socks have
mud and cow poo in them you Kappa socks
I got my socks on did she do that
you guys to collect do a good job of
that did I do it the boys honor said it
chaotic hey guys look at zika guy was
Oksana come buddy huh I was I'm sorry
hey it's not funny there's mud on my
feet huh get it ha ha ha ha hey
broccolis that's a motorcycle boom boom
where you going from them can you bomb
the bottom of the hill here he goes see
you dude I don't have my socks on he
doesn't I don't have my socks huh do you
want mud boo socks on he was offended by
that suggestion was this an OG sweater
well you know fat shake Carly are you
complaining about
well where are your socks at your socks
are your responsibility don't go on a
motorcycle huh
let's go wow do you guys think I should
cut his hair no let's grow it out I just
want to know what people think I want to
call it out I love it like every time
you look at Camry looks like this
definitely see your face let me see your
face I like your hair bless you it's
bright out here isn't it all right
let's go all right it's time to juice
but you don't we just for me the oranges
first yeah we can start with the oranges
we got to get some beets in there oh
look at you
got an orange finger
it is awesome myself no I helped him Oh
yep hey yo you tell them I didn't help
you oh good
wha where's your son ha there it is
you're so cute baby are you excited to
eat drink this juice yes like your
Raisin Bran yummy yummy yummy why you
being so cute did you have a good
workout yeah you guys every Tuesdays and
Thursdays yeah well even if you can't
come to the live workout we put those
workouts up on the shayloss channel you
can watch them later and do them just
keep showing up man you'll feel it
summers coming
hmm yeah it feels really good Monica
does a great job it's always different
they're always quick and really good
workout okay you do that
don't put your hand and remember just
drop the students
good Rock run sir - sir he does it
nicely he loves making news your job so
far we got beets apples oranges and
carrots and that's all the fruit I
definitely have to name no spinach today
I usually put spinach and blueberries
into
okay come on here's our Juice you want
to talk a little bit just in here
juicing cries it's so red could you put
a live get your lips are red you have
red beet lips museum mmm baby are you
ready for this red beet lip juice that's
what we're gonna call this from now on
this is red beet lip juice what do you
think of the juice babe see that mm-hmm
we're over ice yeah
you like it very good great cheers to
that juice juice thanks for making it
it's a lot of work it's a pain in the
butt so it's kind of fun manners to you
bra quaza I give that mminton yep that's
what I was gonna say yesterday morning I
did it before he woke up and he was so
sad he's like you shoot without me so
now I have to make him my juicing buddy
okay we're making no I don't draw it
again we're making mac and cheese
what dachshund we were putting this
stuff in the mac and cheese and he goes
and put a set in let me tried to put her
in yeah else it doesn't need to be in
the mac and cheese no she would try to
package it real inner if your mac and
cheese is too hot you could probably put
Elsa in and it would cool it off right
she's a Snow Queen
what okay I love you ah
alright mac and cheese a Warner she
loves fire powers no Wow
and then we're going to Winston's house
we're gonna go to win some cosmic soup
today
yeah we're gonna go see Winston you are
bossy Winston all right we're at
Kaylie's house I love that TP that's the
coolest thing
did you notice it matches the blanket
get someone's bedding and the TV all
goes together
it's so cute these two amazing moms work
together and do this that's cool so
proud of moms to do cool things like
that cooking a lot of work with kids
yeah it's crazy it's like the thing that
you love Zoey
yeah yeah I like it hi let's see it
I guess the babies got tired of film and
they just took off another we're out of
here they didn't like they stayed right
here yeah we just filmed a mommy in the
episode for the moms to the first one
that we've done in Idaho so hopefully it
turns out really good I think it was fun
it was heaven filming there's a lot
busier because the boys are older so
they were very busy while we were
filming but remember I swear if we ever
kept them on set the whole time because
I think I don't think I did go mm-hmm so
we'll have to see how this goes and then
maybe that would be something that we
could do if you can't hear us over them
yeah because yeah Mike we just are
working with what we've got
yeah but we're working at guy AR okay
are you working it today yeah yeah guys
that's one thing about dachshund that
I've noticed lately is he is turning
into a little Butler where everything is
an opportunity to make somebody laugh
and I love it yeah you just be a little
goofball making me laugh all right you
guys are trying something new we haven't
done this have you ever been ice skating
no no you have you never have been okay
well it's not going to be that easy to
do that on the ice just please don't
all right so these kids they're going
for ice skating I'm excited see how it
goes I'm not very good at this either I
only have one on I've got to get my
other one on I just don't want to cover
up these sweets stops bro you know I got
ma yeah you see him huh this is my style
as always for my skating today
let's go ice-skating okay so we're
taking turns because we got a sleeping
baby here they are yeah get it Gavin I
can do it cuz Brailey what an API go to
share take take off she did she is like
oh yeah she's a champion there she is
she's in the love pink consumer broca's
little fireball he was already doing
jumping tricks out here Kyler bless her
heart she's the best look at Mia's
getting the hang of it she's doing great
like gosh would you look at gage or
rager he's killing it out there it's a
natural-born ice skater I think he
should play hockey yeah yeah Brock's not
really having it he gave up whoa oh man
see but the thing about gages he doesn't
throw a fit about it he just gets right
back up and he keeps going he's always
been that way
strong little man good
good job dude hey Brock what gauge was
out there and he every time he falls he
just gets right back up he falls a lot
he gets right back up again
he's learning every time he gets back up
nice do you want to try it again yeah
well we asked a lot of him yesterday he
really really really got into skiing so
maybe ice skating is in this mood today
but I guarantee you if he saw a hockey
game he might change his mind
you ever seen ice hockey Brock have you
you haven't I bet you would love it it's
a game on ice I knew oh look at these
figure skaters lovelies and he should
see a gap so cute these kids are
learning from this figure skater Emma's
just hanging out with her I was so cute
I missed it all the kids were in the
middle talking to this girl and she was
showing him some stuff I missed it oh
look I could do that could you do that
yeah you totally did
your favorite I'm getting better oh oh
oh they're all on the floor and look oh
she felt for them
hi guys so Gavin here right now mom's
making dinner Reming stuffed peppers my
quinoa and that's all I know
yeah yeah I'm not potatoes and there's
dachshund and he needs a tissue really
back these are uh it's meatless Monday
yep mean less money these are dehydrated
apples because my mom got this food
dehydrator it's they're really good well
I'm from school doing a lot of homework
he just put what it is no okay
yeah a raw potatoes is an acquired taste
so - hope see you guys wait hypocrite
over here people he poke cream yeah I'm
the Greenville Potamus jacket Carly and
Jackson walking my perch shout out Oh
Sam here's the Superman oh that's it's
like the movie Batman vs. Superman who
will win the cater to a new codices
little fish oh it was just life dad
look it's reversible oh snap you make a
 mean I don't push me by day
I left
let me hear you talk to me all right you
guys it is meatless melia today and I
made something I've never made before
and the kids have tried just the inside
of it these what do you call them
roasted peppers stuffed roasted peppers
so I've got yellow orange and red
peppers and I spayed this quinoa black
bean mix it's not the same quinoa that I
have showed you guys before it's a
different one it's the same king watch
this is a different mixture of
ingredients inside the peppers so
hopefully it tastes really good and then
I just need some roasted potatoes and I
was gonna make a salad but I did this
lettuce isn't good right now so we're
just gonna have this and hopefully
actually I think I have some kale yeah
I'm gonna make a kale salad and then we
will eat our midlas my creations I feel
like I'm being a little bit more
adventurous because I get kind of stuck
in the same recipes but I told myself I
need to try at least two new recipes a
week something that I've never made
before because that will one it will
help me learn to cook more and be more
exciting with what I could be more
exciting and we're gonna have a longer
list of things that we like I might make
some things that we don't like but
chances are we're gonna find things that
we do like and that will make my list of
staple recipes a lot longer so I'm super
excited okay what did you guys think of
my dinner yeah you guys like them
whatever I'm not gonna lie it's not my
favorite thing but looks pretty good
yeah that sounds pretty good
good talk kale salad or destroy the Kill
Bill and kill salad got craisins
caramelized pecans and kale and a little
poppy seed dressing so it's kind of a
sweet salad so I'm buek
this is mine are you guys jealous be
channeis no don't be jealous just make
it yourself what what's up peeps else
we're just eating dinner and we're
watching the new vlog that dad just put
out and let's watch this moment I'm
watching my old lady jump cuz I like
down like this and it's no
knocking up at shake halls edit of me
make a middle onto this joke this is the
air I got yeah you got shoes
that's hilarious another reminding yeah
that was like probably one of the
funnest Iago's park see it was awesome
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome and your wife is
charge
Oh shame
Oh
