you what you a pee-pee on the potty what
up dog street tripping in the house yeah
good girl no more diapers for you huh
who's she
she should be potty trained by now tell
the commoners to shut their mouths Sam
baby tart and I will pee in the potty
whenever I want to
I still wet the bed literally three
times a week mom mommy tired surprised
if she wakes up and she's not wet get
out of here with you Witch of the West
what oh is it that sounds like something
better that sounds like an award for
mommy tart instead of baby dollars it
works
she takes bribes did you go poopoo in
the potty did you go poopoo in the potty
Hey so hey it wasn't a guy I told you
were you embarrassed so we're just down
here and and Carly saw the mail person
Walker and Giada the window nice legs
and I'm like it's a girl did she hear
you say that it's a guy cuz you told
 nice legs alright what did you get
mommy ordered a razor in the mail
order grazers yeah those are titanium
from NASA let me see what's your
favorite razor she can't find these
anywhere and these are her favorite
razors that's her favorite so she got it
online
good job mommy tart yes I am her big
brother helping out his little sister
yes ma'am yes she is would you like to
speak with her
yeah please hold oh oh that wasn't mean
to sing contours to sing or such a dance
bailamos by lotteries to dance cantata
is to sing aqui CMS who no does twice
okay so that was pitbull I actually saw
him I saw him live at the Jimmy Kimmel
show in Los Angeles but stuff like that
makes me miss I miss all the cool things
there is to do there he is kind of feel
like you're a part of things when you're
in LA like you see things on TV you're
like I live right there like when I was
watching the Jazz Lakers game and they
were playing in LA they kept showing
shots of Venice Beach I'm like I used to
ride my bike right there just it feels
cool you know what I mean but you don't
ever see anything
hiren I don't I don't ever see anything
we going put your hat straight that
doesn't look cool who taught you that
looks cool why do you think that looks
cool it doesn't do you know it looks
cool the Hat one that's straight
do you know what a DB is you look like a
DB you and your hats crooked
that stands for date date date
dailybooth dailybooth come follow me
okay we need a cameraman who wants the
cameraman me I do I do me me me case
under raises hand first your cameraman
enough I just got a package in the mail
you guys know that's my favorite word a
package and this is from the fanon 11
family the guy the people who gave a
shout-out to the family of 11 who sings
oops and we get I think this is from
their video that they made with with my
face on it
check it out what does that say this is
your daddy's bacon get in your room and
get it cleaned up lady
or you're gonna get a spikin where
should we hang this up this somewhere
you're real I look like a pirate we can
hang this right you like that yeah
that's cool show what I tripped on dude
those weights are in my way show with
the camera he keeps looking at
everything okay what's in here - these
it's what is it anthrax I'll be bad for
really what oh these are different
beards oh cool these are like different
style of beards here hold still
Korolyov go and then let's read the card
this is a nice little can't thank you
enough for your shameless plug about us
to your bazillion subscribers we might
ask you back we might not ever be able
to repay you for the extent Oh to the
extent you deserve well you could just
send money to send money I don't know
I'm thinking like $500 a month
I thought this was a good start
here's something for your mancave notice
the optional facial features use them
wisely
we hope this finds you well 7-eleven and
then it has all 11 of their names well
thank you thank you guys for the car I'm
gonna get more anthrax put your face
thanks for sending me and thanks guys
