so what are you doing wait for the walls
down it's all taken apart
yeah we're no night mean you guys night
I mean Sun tires are gonna go to Iron
Man I change your diapers you wanna go
that means some time we're gonna have a
guys night Thomas the Train something I
don't want to look guys what if we go
see Robin Hood oh you're such a guy so
do you want to have a guys night I'll
see it twice so we're switching rooms
today because that room is bigger and
we're gonna have to why are was the
terms we have to have to put the right
we need a crib right a crib or bassinet
to put the bunny Bree and mommy tards
jealous cuz her sister had her baby
today and she wants and mommy heard
wants to have her baby and this is the
rose that I proposed to mommy card with
this Rose started it all
how sweet I wanted to smash it but I
that's just for comedy purposes but I
won't hey baby don't go come inside say
can I come inside please look at me look
at me look at me say can I come inside
please okay go on grab daddy's hand
ready
on two
what are they doing what are they doing
yes I do all the Tinkerbell's so pretty
what's your favorite one
this is baby turds favorite movie of all
time
she watched Tinkerbell over and over and
over and over what ever way you watch it
over and over and over again huh cuz you
love it okay
is that like you baby tard are you
Tinkerbell bye girls oh you mean the
guys all guys dude
bye you lose your girls
this guy's gonna watch some frickin
stuff blow up and flying and their puppy
hot chicks there come on dude three five
what do you say bye losers dirty let me
go we're gonna leak Oh baby doll right
Hey Baby Talk what you eatin this smells
good pie pumpkin boy daddy Oh wish I
could go I guess I'll just look out the
window and try to attack cats when they
come around oh are you excited
come on let's go dude let's hear it
let's how excited are you okay bro just
guide time right let me bounce how
excited are you
I want to see it I want to see the
emotion coming from your face I want you
rock and roll bro zip okay that time
beginsnow
pound it out yeah dawg whoa what it's
the Iron Man 2 and we're gonna get
popcorn and water and celery right water
and celery yeah that's not cool at all
what do you think about our water and
celery that's what we're getting right
this is water and celery okay good low
on the target for the credits Ted
okey-dokey Iron Man is over we both
liked it was your favorite part son
tired when they were fighting oh dude
don't ruin the movie crap
I'm sorry guys if you haven't seen Iron
Man yet they do fight so I apologize
somehow just ruin the movie now might as
well not even go see it dude you can't
rule them just kidding he's like dad
don't be ridiculous I'm the part at the
very end after the credits we waited for
that part and I'm not gonna say I mean
it was decided you wanted wait I don't
want to ruin that part for him but I was
like I was like a little height for
something more I was like I was like ah
that's it ah that was like cool we're
gonna let you're an extra 20 minutes to
see some awesome whatever it was good
movie though I liked it it's uh was good
it's good that's all I don't wanna ruin
it for you just go see it if you want if
you don't wanna then what you should do
it's not go see it
okay guys night give me five whoa where
we gonna go now what strip club no we
can't go to the strip clubs Ellie hey
guys so I wait we're just driving dude
look who it is look who it is it's mama
turn so we're just driving by it we're
just really back from the ice cream okay
we're just driving back from the movie
and I drove by this ice cream store and
I saw our van right hairs on the scare
mommy time
hi know I saw the van hey I was like is
that our van oh sorry dude I so bad
you jump tell me John
did you get me one no you guys oh you
girls are losers okay that you will see
you at home
goodbye that by that param drop so what
are we doing
well I we get ice cream because if mom
and the girls can get ice cream and we
can get ice cream too huh that's the
mean son tired we weren't gonna get any
but since we saw them here we thought
what we should get be up lose my speed -
huh
in fact people must be like who's that
guy beating his son Rolly records that
in the excuse you bound my my power
nobody's turn in the same thing you know
you do something funny in real life I
have to film it she just said that
really funny way and then she hears
lippy she goes that do that on camera
now she's always dead she says the
funniest things when the camera is not
on but mommy's what's right is it it's
like 11 o'clock at night and mommy is
who wants to get the crab up so then
here's our new room here's where the
crib is gonna be for old fetus tear
dough and then here's our bed that's
where all the snoring happens snoring
goes on right there
where's the where's the mattress of
course yeah you have to wipe it down and
clean up cuz it looks very dirty
what is that what doesn't look dirty to
me okay I love you I'm going down to my
cave oh so obnoxious I'm busy just help
me nest here okay I'll help you missed
ever nest okay what do want me to do
pull that up I have to go help Mom nest
bye guys
