hi how's it going
my name's CheY welcome to my life music
I need to get a cool intro like that
that's but I don't have one and sorry
okie dokie what's on the agenda for
today Shay that's what you may say well
it's this leaky faucet drip drip drip
drip so do any of you have a leaky
faucet this one's been leaking for about
a week now and every time I'm come into
the bathroom it's just like drip drip
like honey to fix that today is the day
I'm basically just gonna replace it cuz
it's an old faucet and so I'm just gonna
turn the water off these are the valves
to turn the water off I'm gonna unhook
the faucet we're gonna go buy a new it
and replace it with a new faucet that
doesn't drip so we save water and money
and time okay yeah yeah yeah so Jason
here swearing a lot
I know what he's doing what is doing it
Oh more enough saying any words you're
saying words you're getting close to
saying words I'm getting this mustard in
here they definitely didn't make this
this opening for Shay cards they did not
have shaycarl in mind when they made
this opening to this sink they did not
but I'm gonna get it what are you just
wait he's trying to do I'm taking off
this faucet to replace it I'm like mr.
Miyagi fix fussing fix it
those are mine any minute for a long
long time ago ends to came empty glass
tools it's probably not as good as your
dad though huh see what she's wearing
do you wearing oh that's great to start
dad's better like an alien do you think
they're just hard to say I'm better
your dad's better 15 things than handy
whoever he is means things are coming
apart nodding at me will come out like
that leaky faucet child labor is alive
and well here in Idaho that's right you
guys are working for free if you're
lucky you might get some dinner you
better hustle up you're not even get
dinner go help your sister son tired
hurry up she's trying to carry - she's a
buff we're throwing more stuff away in
the dump this is an old piece of crap TV
thing or throwing all our junk back here
throw it in there baby tard good job hey
you guys we got one of these aunt works
ant farms and Malachi got into the
garbage over the weekend and now there's
a bunch of ants that are crawling around
the ground so we're gonna give them put
in here hey guys yeah that's reading
pick them up turkeys on the phone who is
it how are ya what'd she say
the star puts her phone in the cart and
then she was oh my phone's ringing hello
oh hi we're just shopping what do you do
it such an imagination what do you think
what do you guys think
ah baby that's not too bad
five hundred seventy nine bucks for a
pool what is it what does a normal pool
cost like twenty thousand dollars to
have installed and that's like pretty
big it's 18
oh it's 18 feet by 52 inches Oh guys
thinking I'm like 52 feet that's like
gigantic but it's 18 feet in diameter
and it's 52 inches deep how deep is 52
inches what's 52 divided by 12
either I'll edit the thinking time out
of the three feet is 36 46 or 748 - so
it's four feet four inches tall square
feet four inches on me guy jump off the
roof in 4 foot 4 inches of water I think
I probably could I think I want to get
this you guys what do you think so we
get this it's not it's not warm enough
yet but we could get it throw in
summertime thumbs you guys you know what
here's know how lucky you are that your
dad is just as excited about that pool
as you are that you guys like dad can we
get this and instead of being like no
we're not getting that I'm like oh I
wonder if we could I wonder if mom would
let us so I'm gonna text mom a picture
of this and say can we get it please
what're you guys think should we get it
we should let's see frame it's a metal
frame that's good it's stronger did you
know you watch those America's Funniest
Videos and the fat guy jumps in the pool
and one of these plastic ones and it
breaks and water goes all over the place
well I am one of those fat guys and
every time I see those those clips on
America's Funniest Videos I think that's
gonna be me someday so we need the metal
frame
this is a unique frame shape is strong
and easy to assemble no locking pins
required
we should get it you guys and you know
we could do oh it comes with a a pool
volleyball set and instructional DVD you
know we could do also you guys is we
could get the trampoline we could put
the trampoline right next to it and we
can jump on the trampoline into the
swimming pool yeah dude this isn't be
the best summer ever I think we're gonna
do it
I think even if mom says no I'm gonna go
over her head there's gonna be no room
in our backyard that's gonna be the
problem
what if we have to get rid of the swing
set did you guys rather have a pool or a
swingset pool so we'd have to get rid of
the swing set are you okay with that
maybe we could just take the swing set
down and put it back up in the winter
after the pools gone I think we're gonna
do it you guys should we do it right now
she'll just pull the trigger on this
thing okay let's text mom and see how
she feels well we'll see okay hold on
hello okay so what do you think what do
you think about the the pool yeah but we
want to negotiate with you
okay what if there's a cover on it and
we're always very careful
be very careful with the new baby coming
that mija baby is gonna be too small to
even get up near it they became a call
what if there's a cover and a lock for
it
you'll there goes our trash
either way
yeah machinery that's not like we're
back from the store mommy TARDIS says no
to the pool
she says she's afraid of one of the kids
drowning and I said how do you learn to
swim if you don't drown at least once
it's one of the top torques I really do
you guys I really want to get it like
when I was a kid that was the kind of
thing that I would say anyway so I still
remember because I remember calm down
I remember only heck hey what are you
doing you're not welcome here and I
can't turn on the faucet to wash you
down the drain anyways I remember as a
kid thinking to myself Shane don't
forget to remember that when you're
older you're gonna do cool things like
this like by a swimming pool for the
backyard even though you can only use it
for three months out of the year because
that would be awesome and so I've just
talked mom eat our dinner tonight
anyways I got this faucet you're
freaking me out dude you need to stay
down there get this faucet and I'm gonna
install it right now looks like a pretty
nice one and I'll let you know how it
goes right after I eat the spider I'm
gonna need a real quick big I think you
like that I think it's pretty nice and
simple I like the the white on it looks
good with the countertop okay now we
just got to hook up the plumbing down
here hook these back up and we'll have a
new faucet that doesn't leak hopefully
and we'll say if the environment cold
green Alcor here we go the big test
works wait let's see if the hot water
works hot water yep
that's hot and cold water yeah that's
cold
you know that faucet says that faucets
is Shay you're a man did you just fix
something with your hands and now you're
manly oh yes all right we got kids in
pajamas who want ice cream
they definitely bury me Bryce cream I
just called in to see 103 the old radio
station that I used to be a DJ on I
asked them to play I want to be a
billionaire I want to be a billionaire
so darn it bad and Carlene style is
watching the kids for us and we're going
the shopping grocery shopping growth
very excited well it's not something
that you necessarily love I love getting
high seats
oh we are gonna buy a car City for a fee
to start our lives that may be or may
not be come into our lives that's maybe
in my belly right now may or may not be
just petting in de Walley world with my
chauffeur here I'm gonna let you guys
hello this name is ours the pits
what's your names chopper my name is
Stefan roared gerard Stefan Jenkins
Daniel I'm Gerard Stefan Jenkins you're
I'm taking the baby section where are
the babies don't let go
hands on the card of all time sir or
you're fired
I'm not fired not
we're in watermelons here we go water
carries one in my shirt right yes
you have 18 watermelons in your shirt I
do now we're recording bring it now we
are yeah you wanna fight yeah let's go
yeah I'm ready
bring it I'm ready free yes you know
what I'm so sick of mom eat her
it just pisses me off she's only you
know making choices and do it whatever
she wants
pisses me off let's go bring it let's go
you quit call me Gerard my name is Shay
I'm not sure our Butler famous guy he
said Gerard do you know what you're
saying no I did not I didn't say that
you said you're our first know you
should write first you know
click on my picture and go check out my
Shrek oh I don't do the accent cuz I
can't do it I sock you go check out the
new take 180 video with me is Shrek bye
see you tomorrow
love you bye
