that's not I don't always do that I've
done that a couple times maybe you
remember okay so we're in the van
traveling to the area where we will
witness the Jazz be swept by the Lakers
hopefully not but we got mommy tarred
and we got Casey tarred they're gonna
win they're gonna win this one and then
I have to go back to LA and then they're
probably gonna lose their no they're
gonna win we're gonna be the only team
in NBA history to come back from the 3o
deficit nobody nobody's ever come back
right
no team has ever come back from the 3o
deficit anyway sort of sit here and
Casey's daughter just says I'm gonna
marry Joe Jonas now what did you say
Casey hey he likes cool place but we're
just talking about how when mommy tired
was young and she was in love with toys
you don't understand my love ease it
rents me up Little Mermaid but daddy I
love him Ariel No so it's an if you're
around the ages of 9 to 16 and you think
you've found the love of your life and
you're like the next Romeo and Juliet
don't don't vex your parents too much
with it I'm just worried for the day
when princess tired and maybe tired come
home and their seventh graders and
they're in love with the ninth grader
and they're like what are we gonna do
honey when they do that well I said
we're just gonna mock him
I just everybody daddy I love you and
mommy turned said they're her dad used
to do that and they used to piss her off
but I think that's probably the best
best idea are you chuck what are we
gonna do honestly we need to come up
with an idea with four different boys
such walls so you finally found the man
of your dreams and to keep looking
that's right girls that hot dude the
place of football in high school is not
the man of your dreams do you want to
find a short flat internet vlogger and
then you'll be happy just having a
little pregame meal here Iggy Sports Bar
& Grill me and uncle Casey and we have I
feel bad because mommy turns watching
the kids during the game and we're
loading them up on these giants sundaes
that just came with the kids milk I
don't know they're gonna be that big
looks good maybe tired it's delish you
would think a I'm gonna give time
registar delicious
so mommy turn it was uncle Casey's fall
see the show here in the vlog say hey
she's hard pay Shaytards snoozers
snoozers these are bunch of snoozers
what does that mean it's a inside thing
I will tell you about it later
links in my pants guess who I'm sad
right next to is Kobe Bryant's dad so
there's the jazz court and here's our
room they give us these noisemakers you
just hit him together they're really
loud but this is our own little room we
get with a table and and cake is that
cake that our own little table and cake
and I'm soda and then we also got seats
down closer but like this is like our
room this is pretty cool check it out
yeah you can see it through the
binoculars
it's Jeff hornacek okay so we're going
down to the place where the players come
out because we're just gonna see him
warming up right now it's exciting
everybody there's a high energy in the
crowd even though it's we're down by
three games it's still exciting out here
but they're just tired warming up
for today
Chloe told me she loves me she did Chloe
loves me she she out replied me on
Twitter
serious I love your ghazzal you need to
come out with a cologne cause that's all
you get all you men
that is the uncoolest warm-up maneuver
I've ever seen
what is he stupid we just noticed
something Phil Jackson's chair on the
Laker bench is higher than all the other
shares we've heard all the players
chairs right here that's Phil Jackson to
share my ire
favorite part of the game Oh dancer
tardes
okay so both teams are on the courts
when they're warming up the tension is
in the air baby it's playoff time
what's your daughter's name Sydney your
mom will not start cheering for Boozer
it exists beaut so do i what guys having
fun
stop query come on I'm just watching it
right here
okay so Jasper those are pretty bad but
they actually are coming back now and we
got new Oh check it out so that grand
house sends our little room here that
we're in they keep putting food out here
and now it's unlimited nacho nacho libre
it's pretty cool about every 45 minutes
they put out new food it was prime rib
then there were scrolls potatoes now
it's not just popcorn but it's pretty
crazy in here for an Energy Solutions
arena and the Jazz were losing and they
were down by almost 20 at one point like
we're down by 20 but now they're back
within ten and it has loud and crazy in
here I'm going to go peepee in the potty
but here's the view it's pretty cool
view at her it's a salt lake soft like a
city from that Delta Center
it used to be the Delta Center but now
it's Energy Solutions arena but it's
been great man whoa
price is about close that is
your Russian side of the mommies yeah
Kasey's about to get beat up by four
girls tough loss right case it was tough
case tough loss right oh man Kobe it's
such a good game I'm a dog mom meat huh
what a tough game right frustrating and
we're watching the the reruns this is so
frustrating right case busted bus is
still an ice cream I know I'm G facts
and stuff they're like Oh
laughing takes fewer muscles been
frowning and OH
70 or whatever you know smiling better
anyways what I'm trying to say is the
laughing is healthy for you but I just
laughed so hard that could not have been
healthy I still catch my breath I feel
like I almost died I was laughing so
hard I couldn't breathe my stomach hurt
I was it was pain oh bad for you
