so long okay so happy mother's to
everybody we're going to my grandma's
house because it's awesome Mother's Day
so we all usually get together for
Mother's Day and it's my grandma's
birthday and we're just flying down the
road at 85 miles an hour and realize
that the gas light is you better pull
over so we're getting some gas right now
mommy card ran inside to get some chips
because we're supposed to bring a bag of
chips to the party that is our what's it
called when you contribute that's our
contribution to the party so we're here
chips and gas first our chips is a long
line it's gonna be our contribution oh
sweet and we're bringing the biggest
belly that we'll be there you look look
sexy in your boots and your tights
you're pregnant and you tell me it looks
really nice looks like we did get some
chips
well you say I want to throw those ways
and you're good that way very frugal we
get gifts and mom eat our foots with a
giant bag so that we can read get the
gift bag which is smart now we found we
should just just bring that bag we'll
set it on the picnic table with that one
chip in it strike we brought chits
everybody there you go
so we can call it chips hi Jan for four
pieces you guys excited go see grandma
go see grandma great great great grandma
so I just Sara at the gas pump pumping
gas and this old dude was just staring
at me when I was vlogging just then yeah
he was he was like any and he didn't
even try to hide that he was staring at
me like like what is that just doing
somebody's calling me Mom
mom I'm trying to blog drive to talk to
you at the same time what do you want
huh
hello what
oh the park is east of the church okay
sounds good
can you text me the coordinates I need
the longitude and latitude
okay I'll call you back in a minute okay
love you bye happy Mother's Day I love
you not my mom anyway so the guy who's
just staring at me like hardcore staring
at me and it's so funny I I guess I I've
done this so much sometimes I don't
realize how much I've actually flogged I
have made over four hundred and
twenty-one youth any more than that just
on this channel if you had enough
shayloss Katie let the shaycarl channel
of the station Shaytards every YouTube
video I've been in it's more like a
thousand videos that's ridiculous
I've done some vlogging in my day and
this guy's just staring at me and it was
so funny I'm like it doesn't even bother
me like he's just staring at me but I
just know that like all of you guys are
watching so doesn't bother to me that
he's just staring at me and then when I
finished I like wave at him like how's
it go and he's like and he realized like
you tell he was looking at rants like
staring at me and he didn't realize he
just stared at me then I was done I'm
like hey how's it going he goes oh and
he just like what he didn't even say
anything to me he just like oh crap and
he went back to filling up this gas but
it's just crazy crazy why is that great
I don't know it's not crazy but maybe it
was just
look we got a chip we got a trip in the
bag let's see the chip where's no joke
so see you friends only let's see
share anybody does that fer who's that
for Missy okay we're going to the church
Mother's Day give her give her a
meatball there Trenor bring it in
everybody
she's brush her off the plate come on
mom I'm vlogging don't hit it towards me
we're playing softball for Mother's Day
it's kind of a little tradition all of
us fat people get out here and try to
play softball here's my met its first
6th grader barely fits on my hand here's
your chance to get a hit on YouTube oh
that was a bunch she bunted it hey
better better bad about us so we oh come
on
watch the ball mom pull your head out
let's go
nice hit nice hustle third baseman this
is gonna be the catcher cam don't
fouling off into my my vlogging
equipment nice hit way up there
shaycarl hit a home run come on
Disneyland all right here we got Randy
Johnson
the fastpitch world do this is gonna be
on ESPN so let's see it nice and there's
no insurance so get the hell out of the
way you are disqualified from the game
that's coming down the pipe oh this is
when the cousins get very competitive oh
there you go nice hit okay you guess
we're getting ready to play I call
pitcher that way I want to run very much
here's my team you got Lisa out there in
left field where's Tyler
where's Wes there's my mom there's Sun
tire this is my brother Casey there's my
other brother Logan and they're all
against us and I'm taking the mound I'm
ready I'm gonna pitch a no-hitter that I
think is ready let's do this son cards
up here we go hit okay you guys I just
hit a really good single Logan tell how
good it was it was good okay here we go
I got her in a second we're in a second
is fasiq that's not good as best I can
thinking about trying to steal second
home run run run run cares might read
section hi you guys
or a bunch of rednecks I'll tell you
here we go
Logan just hit a grand slam he's so
proud of himself be sure to check out
his website on the studmuffin calm slash
sweet butt and tight jeans what I don't
know who flying the kite now pretty
windy today what's that for very stable
is that what hunters do when they get
really bored they stabilize stuff what
are you laughing at pervert
Rambo better let go with that what movie
hi mom sweat cases now turn the Kings
game hanging out hanging out with some
mother mother and mothers she ducks
okay so Casey got me a Mother's Day
present we're going to see the Jazz play
the Lakers tomorrow I'm Utah Jazz boos
I'm gonna try it on and it's William who
are you wearing um no I hope nothing's
on the back just do some push-ups in
sight no I think you make sure
Oh go Guzan go chance
it's like one of those shirts where you
have like suck in the whole night who
knows that you guys know that you know
that what's the guy's name
my name's yeah you've been using the
papers not for riding but rolling Dobies
let's see yours turn on yours looks good
Williams no ice right same Mother's Day
got you your Mother's Day present
happy Mother's Day I live here
Hey
I was just telling okay you dreamt that
I hate my trans men I just got this hot
tub and it was slang so like I could
just feel the stress relieving my body
and I was talking about this thing I
learned in choir I refer what year was
in choir choir teacher would have busted
a stress reliever go and breathe in
really deep into our nose go and it's
like you mentally just think about all
the stresses everything that's like us
right there at that moment that just and
feel it true that your head your body
all those emotions is going out through
your mouth
it's like deep breath in through your
nose and just like all like doesn't
matter the sound he makes that all those
emotions come out it really works these
feelings but relieving stress either
getting a hot tub at your home or like
like a hot baths I'm not a hot or if you
can get a hot tub and just get into an
extra stress hop and answer the nose
come on do with me right now everybody
right now I don't care where you doing
in three notes ready deep deep deep deep
all the worries of the world just come
out of your face
famous much better okay
she doesn't have any stress
