so I realize that we live in Idaho but
it is May 6th today and it's actually
really good packing snow though we can
build snowmen look see they build a good
snowman snowman in May Oh
are you ready in the van hurry come on
let's go
she's gonna need shoes on mommy turn
come here
smacking come here come here come here
in the car get in the car look at the
yard doesn't it look nice so proud of
myself that I mowed it I let it grow
green you guys think the yard looks good
tonight huh
yeah I know it does thanks for asking so
we're rushing out of the houses we had
to go pick up some time from school and
now we're gonna go pick up grandma and
the school we're gonna go pick up
grandma from school cuz she works at a
school to take her to lunch for mama's
day even though it's not until Sunday we
just thought it'd be nice we took her
out to lunch on Friday which is today
now that we know a day it is and what
we're eating for lunch we don't know
what we need for lunch oh we haven't
decided where we gonna go
I don't care where do you want to go I
don't care I'll go anywhere I'm starving
okay let's go to this place no I don't
want to go to that place any place but
that place
who has that conversation every time you
go out with your friends or family where
you want to go I don't know there's
nowhere to go
I don't care seriously I'll go anywhere
okay let's go here no not there anywhere
but there oh just say where you want to
go that happens sometimes in life what a
life moment grandma applying a tattoo to
our granddaughter look at her she's like
do you remember when your grandma gave
you your first tattoo dad yes what was
it it's beautiful beautiful I like that
shirt Steve in the comments below what
do you think that was a mouth threw up
on her hand wait I have a question do
you love me more than the kids you do
does that mean hey kids you know that
mom loves me more than she loves you you
guys know that me for somebody a little
more think it's true that's the secret
to a happy marriage it's always me and
her we're on the same yeah do we love I
mean right we love their kids don't we
have to love them I mean it's kind of
part of the whole
but me and mommy tired we agreed when we
were dating we said we are on the same
team the kids are gonna come and I
remember I totally remember my parents I
was always like we'd separate mom and
dad would I get him on different teams
we'd be like that dad would say no we'll
be like mom and mom would let us and
we'd always know that we could get mom
to let us do it but not us we're one
we're on the same team they have they do
they ask her and then she'll say no or
they ask me but mostly I said yes I'm
gonna go wait did you ask your dad
what's that okay so I'm just gonna close
my eyes and you tell me when to go okay
this should be interesting is it green
yeah what a helper
I'm Keaney on road riding on a bicycle
hi
I like your hairpiece there what is it I
couldn't find my bobby pins so I give
this adorable don't be pissed I can't
find what I need on the Internet
what do you need maybe I got it for you
yo we're Mother's Day presents guys for
who did you get your Mother's Day
present yet cuz you're in trouble if you
didn't believe me I love it honey what
did I tell you about drinking while
you're pregnant baby tarts built it
myself
pretty effervescent in here she's I was
like behind you what happened last time
are all over our floor rubber I just
talked to my brother guess what I'm
doing on Monday I know you're doing on
Monday
hey jealous I am going to the Jazz Laker
game on Monday my brother got us tickets
and I'm super pumped Wow game for go
jazz hey give you a father to kisses I
wanta kisses right now
Ismay in its tractor
no this is like 480 pounds
it's like 7,000 pounds yeah we have this
kind of dis space in this space to go
longer than that yeah we're just
carrying in there we'll get it up and
then just set it down on Trevor
how many
easy
I quit why do you have a bullet I'm not
paying for two plumbers only ordered one
plumber on this job I can only afford
one two-year-old plumber is dripping off
your nose
