we're at the dentist again this time
these crazies very excited to go to the
dentist
yeah she's not quite sure her courtesy
how about you princess hard how about
you are you nervous no you know what
this is about you you're nervous
I remember one you've been here once and
you did a good job so there's nothing to
be scared of because there's a big
elephant on the wall that's how you know
you don't have to be scared the dentist
when there's an elephant on the wall
guys I am so proud of you you know why
you didn't have any cavities you didn't
and you didn't and you didn't either yes
chocolate yes good job you guys deserve
a round of applause give yourselves a
hand
ed what give yourself a hand
they're like what the heck's that me mom
alright let's go home and chill dad
so a great job
he was born for the water here Bob says
that's a thing you miss most about
California is the beach I think he's
half fish
sugar
Oh mom
what move is that Paul what's that move
underwater underwater swimming slash
belly flop
Oh jeepers careful dude
pull me off my bike all right the bigger
man take the high road I know dad oh
just know I'm not so sure getting a
Christmas card ready to go I'm like here
you should wear this hat it's cold so
it's okay I'll go here put this coat on
- it's nice she was okay also I want you
to wear this scarf we are no longer
consuming sugar of any kind I just spent
a lot of money today it's dad I'm not as
high as I was earlier kids believe that
it was so funny
mommy hurts phone wasn't working so like
I was sitting there after I was done and
the ladies like you ever ride home don't
you cuz I was like stumbling all over
the office cuz I was out of it come on
let's go and I was sitting in the office
waiting for mommy card to come get me
and she was taking forever screw this
I'm outta here
so I just left nice walking down the
street I was not the smartest thing and
then for some reason I kept feeling like
they were chasing me like the dentist
office was chasing me that's why I kept
looking back so like did they chase me
down and say what are you doing get back
in here and then mommy's heart finally
found me anyways back to my story about
princess card I was tell her to put all
these things on top and shop she goes
yeah I look cute in all of those like oh
really so now we're out on a bike ride
that's home with one of my credit and
Malachi's loving it he loves walking by
all the dogs and fences and being like
haha I get to walk around you're just
sticking the fence losers
all the ladies get down kini all the
time and I wear my bikini all the time
yeah crazy
okay these kids want to see that video
over and over and over again don't you -
good
Bob you guys haven't seen it yet that's
the new one by the station eeny Meeny
bikini it's a catchy song I can't get it
out of my head and you can actually get
it on iTunes or not on iTunes I think
it's on Amazon Ron selling
so what does mommy turn doing right now
leave in the comments below if you think
you know what Mommy tarts doing tell me
what you think she's doing quiet quiet
you leave in the comments what was mommy
tart just doing you guys let me know hey
Billy Mays here boy who I have a great
deal for you go to hey you guys might
take 180 video up where I was Billy Mays
is up right now click on the annotation
right by my face you go check it out
it's pretty hilarious
JP see you guys tomorrow
