so Danny tarde has another dentist
appointment yes so excited we're gonna
be late he needs to hurry his little -
sushi up let's find out what he's doing
put it down in there they are buckled up
and YouTube is ready for you to get your
teeth fixed again you saw sandwich here
but baby third but sandwich in your
pants okay thirty in the morning and I
am tripping man I don't know if it's a
large amount of nyquil that I consumed
last night went to bed or if it's one of
these pills because this is pills are
gonna knock ya is there any dentists out
there or pharmacists I'm supposed to
take one 20 minutes before the
appointment and then one when I get here
and it's called triazole am 0.25
milligrams milligrams tab greenstone I
had night books I can go to sleep last
night you know me I go to see vit 4:00
in the morning
but I wanted to go to bed early last
night went to bed at 11:00 so I chucked
a bunch of nyquil and now it's like so
what is what I've take this pill in here
what is this you guys know what does it
do
this is sleeping this they told me to
take it we're at the dentist place where
my boss eats - oh I have to get a cavity
a cavity at Abadie do that eyetality
that's like a tattoo on your cavity dude
I'm getting a cavity today guys I'm
gonna get I'm gonna get your name
tattooed on my cavity that's gonna say
I'm watching TV we'll even have a remote
control to change it if I was they also
gave me the nitrous oxide
which I'm reading heavily knee-highs
Wow so they gave me they gave me shots
match up these two pills are supposed to
make me sleep
I have they made me sleep well then the
lady kept told me to wake up so so
confused
it's my side are they working too good
what the P&L is that gross
whoever peed on the block before I know
the chair those two paths out oh well
these hurry coming to get me
I'm in my a I should not be walking down
this road
so I'd call mommy to her to come get me
it's going right to voicemail the lady
will have the lady lady lady lady lady
that's the fun order to say lady
lady said make sure you have a ride home
because you're gonna be trail we're
gonna be praline fille loopy she said
your knee feeling pretty loopy my face
feels numb in the field let's pull the
hair but she'll risk waking me up so I'm
just walking home
I don't need no stinking head I can walk
I'm an upright citizen in America and I
can stand on my own two feet but I can
get home I was gonna follow the sidewalk
this sidewalk will lead me to my
destination my mind tells me that I
should have just stayed in the dentist
office and said in in those nice
comfortable chairs I comment with a
total sheet of myth so I got 2 inches I
had to make a break for it I made a
break for it
oh my face was crazy
don't run over me the cross-traffic here
we go honey
honey who are you anybody see a white
band I don't see you fight man
hey at least you guys are here that for
me right you guys are here for me and I
am here for you
I just went to the dentist office to get
some maintenance on my teeth taking care
of know walking towards the house
feeling very dizzy I feel like I feel
like coming right away it's like I'm
people keep looking so I feel like the
dentist police are gonna come catch me
is there such thing as the dentist place
or the first because once they eat you
in Dennis jail also do is give you shots
your gums and right here the worst this
needle salad you spill it come in and
you're like push your head back into
your chair as far as you can just dig
that frickin needle right here it comes
they did that to me three times in there
maybe four times
does she hit the nerve one time she was
doing it now how's it going back she's
like you shouldn't be feeling that dirty
none that no you're hitting something
because it's making my nose my nose and
my lip hurt she goes oh I think I'm
hitting the the nerve ending or whatever
so freakin sugars right why
one hurt these people are they better
driving by I bet half of them know me
try the hellish a drunk on nitrous oxide
again okay I'm just gonna keep pushing
forward thanks for keeping me company
guys let's see how far we can make it to
may 5th hi ma'am happy Cinco de Mayo to
you happy Cinco de Mayo can you help me
find my mommy excuse me can you help me
find my mommy okay oh sorry it's Cinco
de Mayo today
may I was walking by that Mexican
restaurant and that girl told me this is
probably not I know the back of my mind
this is not a good decision to be
walking home like this same time I want
exciting Oh hit my hand I hit my head on
the bricks that was a nice lady which
should be happy Cinco de Mayo place well
funny yeah look but I'm smiling totally
right now let's see there very see that
one won't go up
that one goes up with that one well it's
totally numb look who found me hi what's
your name Gladius Gladius bloody is so
fast effects that sounds like princess
hard named you that's my name I became a
Dragon Warrior
yeah and I'm also in charge of
international trade amongst fine joins
and linens fine joints fine jewels
sounds like an important job I have I
have a package coming in we need to pick
it up chartreuse it's very pretty and
the people down at the shipping yard
will see it and the note statuses do you
feel like you're drooling the new Emily
no but you feel like they're gonna see
that is is purple package and even
though they have respect for Thaddeus
because I am a great wart welder of
swords I wield swords they'll take it
it's to word that's too valuable
I can't tell you but people know that
it's valuable they're gonna see it
there's only a matter of time for some
brave souls
you know swoops it up so so where should
I go - young daddy is this package I'm
Thaddeus oh it's an international thing
that's been shipped go down to the
shipping yards
we'll figure out what's going on and
help we'll get back to you
I am Thaddeus do not take my package
