watching the song you are not tired I
saw those girls staring at you in the
background and then I said I don't mind
I stop staring what do you mean like you
need to know the intro you were now
watching the shake our vlogs just sit
back relax follow alarm to the things
but is like online for you he's done it
for a year let's hope for soon what's
today it's held are you your how old
your Cinco oh yeah right
hey five years old today you're almost
Cinco on Cinco de Maya wouldn't that be
cool if tomorrow was her birthday should
be five on Cinco de Mayo anyways we got
boobie tarde hey boo be tarred baby boo
be turned says daddy honest it by you
and that made me feel happy
sup dog what are you just reading the
want ads over there we looking for a job
or I think we're gonna recast suddent
are pretty soon so he's looking for a
job
oh you wanna fight a car son turds like
a pimp now he's gonna buy a car what
kind you like
one with no top that's how I like my
women why I'm here present from your
kids now if you eat all your food you
can have me and play with me right there
oh I want I want bunny fingers look what
you taught our daughter eating there
cetera oh great
parents just beware watch what you do
because the kids hey
attitude I saw that on your face watch
the attitude young lady
hey princess start what are you doing
you're what you're uploading your video
on your new laptop oh sweet what's the
video called you trying to find one what
do you get
what are you gonna die tell your video
huh you're gonna call it this one I'll
tell you what that's not a very catchy
video title I bet you not many people
are gonna watch it what's gonna be your
thumbs up annotation dude I am such a
better youtuber than Prince the start is
good it's a start
how many megabytes is that video how
many third a we're going into the into
the store and she's like dad can I take
this in the store I'm like no and I
grabbed an I threw the banjos but I have
to upload my video what are we starting
there will be shades art videos for the
end of time because we're gonna have at
least 12 kids and all those kids aren't
upload videos oh sorry excuse me
birthday girl I mean she's editing on
Sesame Street Pro right now so we gotta
we gotta let her give her some time to
edit on Sesame Street bro Sun is setting
could I'm doing I'm attending to my land
I'm on my lawn I got some coincidentally
Red Hot Chili Peppers again I only have
like three Red Hot Chili Peppers songs
on my phone but too thick last time I
was mowing Alana's listen to Red Hot
Chili Peppers way to go
get away now give it away now give it
away now give it away now what you
giving away free Slurpees
I love Slurpees okay going to Milan bye
I love you hey guys let's go see what
she's doing
that's not the world came down chanda
and chinatown and they said that their
only crime was being at the wrong place
at the wrong time
too bad people say what's wrong with the
kids today I'll tell you right now
they've got nothing to lose
they're building an empire
do you guys know what ban or what song
he was singing or both if you know leave
it in the comments below because I think
I know
it's an older one here he comes again
hey I just come get a glass of fresh
lemonade oh great okay let's go it's
chilly for lemonade
