you are not watching the shades on Raja
sit back relax follow along to the same
shape as to the things he does for the
deal family and just because he's
working life online with you you gotta
burn let's hold for two I'm ready for a
baby also let it be clear honey you've
log in here okie dokie I'm uploading
videos I'm here in my man cave I'll tell
you what this is one of the things that
I missed very most when I when I'm not
here in my home home is I miss my little
man cave is so nice just going down
there me know who you men were quite
that I was talking to somebody I am I am
on the phone I'm on the phone with these
people
hey guys call me later hey it's busy so
you guys need to go now bye bye Oh
somebody wants to come inside let's see
who I won't O'Connor dog daddy good I'm
in charge I just want to see something
cool about our new fence there's our
gate what is it
Oh Quasimodo given ring the bell yeah
and I was like hey I think the neighbors
could see me what are you doing playing
Silas I'm doing my makeup oh please you
want to give us a tutorial real quick
don't make up this not even okay good
right that's why I don't wear it so
today is a big day because it is
Prince's tarde birthday party birthday
party it's actually not her birthday
today but okay that was here this side
yeah wait Bridget are my princess miss
oh my princess miss look at your hair
whose birthday is it today you know it -
hey where did you guys get your sister
for her birthday and center got her a
box that's a son toy got her it's a
house all right right right son jarred
had me cut this last night he had me cut
holes in there it's a house is it for
your Barbies all right what are we
watching we watching labyrinth I love
this movie it's awesome David Bowie get
these big silver balls and rolls him
around in his hand
a love when David Bowie rolls balls
around in his hand it's so awesome don't
you Carly
I need princess her hair looks cute so
pretty huh okay so that's what's going
on today
my parents and my brother and
sister-in-law and all them are coming
over
and mommy Tori Swami transparents this
is retiring vlog section and then she
made guacamole and she's making
enchiladas and she got a cake she got it
right Jay got a gay baby dog here's the
cake right here there's a little slipper
on it is so pretty cute okay I go back
down when I can see you guys love you
bye
let's see that dress that's pretty you
have to give a cheer lesson on Sunday to
you oh you're watching the jazz Lakers
game and even though I've lived in LA
for a year I am a jazz fans diehard back
from the days of Karl Malone John
Stockton Thurl Bailey yes Bobby Hanson
that's way back in the Jazz days well
we're definitely room for the Jazz right
Casey dad Mike Bailey dad dad sir these
guys just got hurt good good good
Oh
come on thank you they're huge come on
defense
right at the soul
busted baby turns got the bottle you
have a problem and you need to admit it
you're an addict she really is
she loves it Oh princess tard got some
birthday balloons careful princess start
it's the new baby
booger so cute my best friend of all
times here is my my my best friends from
high school
hey Derek hi say hi to YouTube how
youtube more people coming over hi
what's going on
dogs wait you gotta lay down dude what
are you doing get in the proper
positioning there you got to teach him
elbow on the floor on the floor the tub
dog I just made the happy bday princess
tard I bet you she's one of the only
little five-year-old girls that gets the
word tard on her birthday happy birthday
princess tard your bye bye oh it's so
precious the soup branches I want to put
more candles why it isn't enough I know
but are we ready we're ready your
lighting Lauren is she's sitting down in
a proper place to be singing - now that
I know you guys go make sure she's
sitting down can I carry the cake are
you gonna trade
I want to carry the cake you carry the
camera okay what do you guys think I'm
gonna carry the cake
I'm ready oh yeah I told her mom out did
you make a wish wish wish like put your
face in it no oh it is present time are
you ready for presents yay let's see
that's cute a little troll those are fun
really didn't come his hair yeah it says
oh you've been won one of the hoes she's
been seeing him on TV she's like I will
one of those what do you say is that
what you got her son from you grandma
that's from Raley's you have one huh say
thank you
oh sweet it's a lot
she always goes into my computer you got
your own laptop you start uploading
videos here now it's time for the grand
finale just come with me let's go come
on when I go Gary come on let's go over
the grand finale prize
uncle Casey's gonna get the grand finale
present oh my what's that that's mine
do you like it it's word up G huh check
out the Barbie bye kiddo it's a princess
bike because once your princess is on it
okay let's let's take it in yeah uncle
cage is gonna do it push it in she's
gonna love that you can give it to her
tell it's for me okay time to do the
pinata we're gonna put candy in this and
we're gonna hit it with the bat you
wanna do that you don't wanna do that
why not you just want to keep it but
work that's what's that's fun we put
candy in and then we hit the crap out of
it with the stick
you should have got a less princessy one
of course you just want to beat that up
maybe we should put in a cardboard box
should we
princess card you want to keep that and
we'll just hit the candy out of a
cardboard box yeah
after party food coma after party food
coma
wake up that's loud okay you got bunny
ears like down what was the bike the
bike was your surprise did you like it
what it was who's it what was the helmet
the helmet is a helmet that goes on your
head so you don't break your skull open
when when you're riding down it um I
don't know probably your mom your mom
gives you everything cuz she's the best
at everything
I am Oh what do you say you can say that
again
alright so I'm tired you can night how's
the birthday party for you
that's good can you believe your
sister's five years old
you got a five-year-old sister I feel
bad for you
five-year-old sisters can be brats happy
birthday your eyes I like phrase you're
a big girl now huh what is your favorite
present of your birthday Ariel toy and
the bike the Ariel toy on the bike nice
we'll go ride the bike tomorrow okay I
love you come on get in bed two-year-old
you're not 5:00 yet you can't stay up
late get your button bed move it move it
move it move it
you guys gonna be up at oh seven hundred
hours I want fifty push-ups from each of
you lie down go to sleep love you look
at camera those are all her toys she has
them all in the bag and is her backpack
okay good night love you
of course you do what why would you have
anything less I'm Nydia okay good night
I love you
hi good night oh the best part of the
day
