hi I'm login here okay I need 20k you
guys got 20k I can borrow she need 20k
today is music video day we will be
shooting a music video parody all day
long and Ron is in charge of it he wrote
the song he produced it he made it he
did all that stuff so we're gonna go to
some fun locations I'm gonna be in a
swimming pool I'm going to the beach
we're gonna go to the beach swimming
pool really cool something cool and
Ron's gonna be wearing that I might be
wearing it also over my shirt shirt over
my roflcopter circle copper Carol
tripping love you okay so here we go
let's do it okay we are we're filming
here at costs a mafia that the same guys
MIDI mafia who did a famous our flash
mob song this is their house and you
could fly a kite in here it's like giant
look at the jump as high as you can I
bet you can touch his feelings see see
if you can go dude you loser you're even
close even close dude
you know I think the mayor makes it seem
bigger because I like reflect looks like
oh I took another room in there you know
that's our they're recording studio
right there to not touch mirror should I
get your bum kick don't do it yeah up
there clean up after yourselves ladies
especially you today did you just trip
for what we're so moving spotter cameras
then he just fell in the pool did you
trip what happened no oh please yeah
leave it off and dry it dry it off real
quick go put it in the Sun so Vinny just
go
ladies your next jump in he was just
cleaning out the pool with a net what
did you do you just trip I was say hello
to people and then I I just fell in I
heard you scream when I turned around
and I like grab my computer because
you're gonna splash on my computer yeah
just showing ya and here's Ron what's
going on it's a great wardrobe you got
there you're flipping to put the flip
you mother flipper I'm gonna flip you I
flip you flip flings don't ever show
that I swear to God if you put that on
your baby why what they're putting up 10
foil yeah can't complain complain yeah
that's pretty good good oh hi hey oh hi
oh hi so we're gonna we're gonna boost
Derick up on this trestle right here
he's gonna jump off into the pool
hopefully this isn't like when I try to
put my dad on them
what a job dude oh sweet nice job hey
you're next
I'm on up there run we're in a in the
parking garage what do we do when we're
in a parking garage we take off our top
nope that is not it's uh crazy that's
what we do right guys whatever we're in
an area where there's good acoustics we
sing a little okay we're in a our
directors house oh it's his apartment
look at that view it's the ocean right
there and a basketball hoop swimming
pool a gym I am I am je alo us and right
now I'm jealous just swing to open this
dude
Justin can move in really I thought this
was the shower first
I shower in the kitchen - this is MTV
Cribs what do you got in here peg balls
I got hot sauce hot-swap chunky spiced
apple til atte which is some sort of hot
sauce
that's just rubbish and you know it
rubbish I throw you throw your rubbish
hey get me rubbish that's a funny word
rubbish it's just rubbish
hey guys bring your rubbish over here
the rubbish containers right here I feel
kind of rubbish today we're so privacy
dude you're just rubbish your poor wife
rubbish rubbish rubbish rubbish rubbish
rubbish rubbish rubbish rubbish rubbish
rubbish forever stop I hope you guys can
hear me I hope the winds not too bad but
we're trying to shoot the second part of
this video blowing like crazy
whipping through here I'm gonna cut my
hands around the camera so the audio
isn't bad the sand is like well it's art
it's like hitting with your legs all
this dogs know like the lake up along
its top that's pretty bad I'm excited
it's fun
these are like sailboats washed up on
the beach where I hear and uh alright
see its side down here's the wrecked
boat there's peanut butter Oh 25 foot
long vessel with a CF love of laudanum -
my tie - washed ashore at Dockweiler
beach in viscid el Mar on April 3rd 2010
and let's go to the reveal
he's on a giant sail
you guys listen
Ollie ollie hundra that's such a funny I
was only
I always think she's saying Olly Olly
oxen free okay you guys I had this
genius thought it's like a motivational
like an a motivational quote slash
bumper stickers slash good tweet but I
couldn't tweet it right now and I think
it's really good and I just want to I
want to say it right now so I pull my
flog out and I'm driving back because
I'm flying home tonight it's long story
okay so anyways here it is you don't
think you're like always like like right
now okay so I'm driving my backpack
because I have to get to the airport at
6:00 in the morning and I have to do
this I'm like like I feel rushed I hate
that feeling I hate where I'm like what
time is it I'm gonna be doing this I
need to do that and then I thought what
if you just take time or like whatever
you're doing and just say to yourself
what I'm doing right now is exactly what
I want to be doing no matter what it is
you're doing like you make a conscious
choice to choose to be happy in every
situation that you're in whether it's
driving to run to pick up a backpack
whether you're in school whatever it is
what if you said I'm gonna be happy and
in a good mood in all of those
situations and in doing so I will be
doing what I want because what people
want is happiness
so if you just like to me honestly and I
really believe this happiness is just a
matter of choice it's I mean a lot of
that your surroundings the life
pressures that happen to you you know
those are a factor but you can choose to
block them out a lot of people do and
and maybe even in a lot worse situations
than you're in but people who are going
through bad times there are actual
people who can say you know what no
whatever bad is happening to me I just
wrecked my car
I just got an F on my midterm I just got
fired from my job I just whatever sucks
in life happened to me I'm gonna say no
item of existence that just occurred I
am gonna choose not to let you affect my
mood because I'm in charge of my life I
do what I wanted to because I want to do
it and if I'm washing dishes
in the in the trenches of traina and
there's nice biting me I'm gonna give
the mice names and I'm gonna make them
talk to each other as I watch them bite
my toes as I watch the ditches in the
trenches of China I'm just saying no
matter what you're doing or the
situation you're in you can choose take
it fun and happy and in that sense
you're you know you're never gonna
stress about time and yes it's just a
thought
it's just a thought a quick thought I
had want to share with you guys let me
know what you think and choose happiness
more please please stop please choose
happiness that's a bumper sticker
all right there okay sue bye go to my
backpack having to tell my life
