just talk to centaur on the phone he's
getting ready to go to school dad I have
a game tomorrow I said I know excited
yes yeah how many goals you think you're
gonna squirt he goes um I think I'll
score three that's like okay sounds good
so I'm excited to see them we're about
to get on the plane kind of touch the
outside on the plane it's the only way
to keep a safe flight for absolutely
positive you ever go on a flight have to
touch the outside of the plane as you're
boarding it okay
this guy's telling me to stop this crazy
man's in the road we got a tree coming
down here it's like Fern Gully or avatar
do they have a rope tied to the top of
that and then that truck is pulling it
backwards with the rope tied to the
bumper and he is chained signed the
bottom it's a basic tree removal process
I don't need to explain it to you
difficult the man with the truck for the
rope and the man cut the wood and then
they pour the G go down four boom boom
boom hurry up come on I know but I want
to see it be the suspense is driving me
crazy
I want this I let's let's see what could
happen oh here goes this could be on
failblog
landed it right where they wanted to
this what are you doing in my car Jiki
Jiki to Quito key
hey guys come back in my homeland and I
got the kids and we just went to Carly
just ran a 5k and she got third place
out of 40 women Iran so we're so proud
of her and Princess tards birthday's
coming up how old are you gonna be
princess hard five years old and what do
you keep saying every time you want
something why do you get a toy she's
like Daddy can I hold tikis leash
because I'm the birthday girl
she's already starting to use I'm the
birthday girl six days before her
birthday actually is I think she's
really trying to squeeze out some extra
birthday stuff hey hey there's the 5k
third placer get it dude come on come on
go get it let's go dude come on keep
driving it nice turn it around turn it
around
it was a handball soz I'm tired
since hard is kicking the handball any
kicks of doom so get it get it get it a
lot of kids on the ground today hey guys
ok so I am back and I appreciate so much
you guys being patient because I realize
you know when I was in LA and the videos
were slacking I know that and I
apologize but I was so you gotta believe
me
you just gotta believe me so incredibly
busy I'm exhausted but it is all good to
be home
the kids they always make me feel so
good I think that's like a parent's
worst nightmare to come home and kids
are like oh hey what's up you're good
now I'm gonna watch Spongebob some more
but they're always like daddy's I'm like
babies so um I know you guys are getting
sick you just want the family together
and I appreciate that and I do too I
love being back here in the family and a
lot of you like Wang Qiang so I'm
uploading two videos today this video
where I don't know when you will watch
this but I am if you stop moving
computer you I'm uploading two videos on
Sunday which is today which the video
I'm recording this Saturday night but
I'm uploading two videos Sunday and then
Monday we're gonna be back on straight
tracking through until infinity and or
whenever my arm gets chopped off because
I refuse to right-hand vlog no way
I refuse to left-hand vlog if my left
arm when my left arm gets chopped off
I'm stopping no never mind I'm
ambidextrous hold on
hey guys hey Carl here just hey guys
what's going on yeah I am it feels it
feels the same in both arms I can't
believe it it's official I'm a
professional blogger I can do with what
seriously
I was better Lizzie okay I need oh that
was funny and record that I think I'm
left-hand dominant okay
I think I'm left-hand dominant I think
I've logged more of my left hand but
they both feel pretty simultaneous so
when I cut my legs off that's what I'm
gonna stop vlogging because I refuse to
vlog in a wheelchair I refuse
ah okay thanks for being patient I love
you guys with my sword
