hi you almost I know I took it out too
late I wish can we do a review of that
bring the dog wet yeah dog just ran
around her legs the leash and she was
like it was like the classic you know
you know you know what I'm talking about
if you're spelling it was funny in house
too slow get in the camera stop laughing
what I'm gonna go out the Freyr and vlog
okay sounds like fun dude okay bye okay
if you need me yeah you guys I want to
talk to you guys about something real
quick and I was just thinking about this
inside the house okay do you guys have
like you know when you're hanging out
with your friends or your buddies your
compadres you know we always have these
funny it's not jokes you guys ever do
that or like it's just like you and your
friends you know like you say something
only your friends get that little joke
well I have this I have a couple things
that I do and they're it's not exactly
like an inside joke but I always
whenever I'm hanging out with my friends
I always have like these two jokes that
I always use but nobody ever laughs at
them but I think they're so funny that I
just keep doing and I always do them
just whenever I'm hanging out with my
friends and this is the first one when
anybody ever it's not funny but it's
funny to me when I'm hanging out or I'm
around people if anybody ever yawns or
sneezes or goes ah or anything like that
I always say you can say that again
and it's one of those things were like
nobody ever says anything back they're
just like okay they never say like that
again or anyways so I always I just
realized I always do that but nobody
ever laughs you know something like oh I
always like you can say that again
I'm a dork okay and then the second one
is a joke that I've use probably this is
the one joke that I've used probably 50
times in my life and have literally
never gotten a laugh once and it's
because it's like an inside joke in my
mind from a movie and it's the one-ders
the o-neders and they're the the guitar
player he's so funny to me in that movie
they're all sitting there talking about
something and the guitar player goes one
time goes one time we stayed up way
after midnight and it was so random so
funny to me like they're all sitting on
the table they look at it like what are
you talking about so like whenever I'm
in a situation and like you know how you
get in like groups and people are
telling stories like this one time oh me
and this guy is one time and there I was
like just going back with stories I'll
just throw in like just loud and random
like one time I stayed way after
midnight and every single time the same
look like what what anyways I just want
to share that with you guys cuz those
are just funny things that I want to
talk ok Danny I'm done I'm back Danny
stop doing business hey I just found
vlog about some things I wanted to get
off my chest is really important and now
I'm back here I'm so happy you can say
that again
state your name and business
my name is Nathaniel Peter Thomas
Phillips our business is love dude you
like a hippie what are you bringing us
decoration beautification decorations
nice to help one feel at home which is a
castle
house is a home Nathan Phillips Nathan
Phillips is gonna decorate Danny's house
with all of his art because he has to
fly to America for six months a
transformation
yeah then he's going to Australia for
six months so he's always like back and
forth he's like an international man of
leisure yes yes anyway so he's bringing
all this stuff over here and he has all
these cool like paintings and he travels
all over the world
she's like the dude that you know
surfing on every Beach in every ocean
anyway there's all these really cool
things and he's gonna come decorate
Danny's house are you excited Danny I'm
super pumped we remain here che che
let's play gin I know what no my wife
left those of a Pisces so Nathan's about
to give us some life knowledge and
wisdom crises individuals being
considered the melting pot of the zodiac
have a tendency to be bound boundary
Wheeless boundary list they feel and
sense the currents of emotion are
thought in the air yeah I do that huh
you do oftentimes they find it hard to
sort the real from the unreal mmm so
much sensory overload that they can
become fatigued and feel about to burn
out nobody ever understands with the
brunch rut going through in order to
counteract such tendencies you must
allow the conglomeration of all you
think and feel to simply settle ah to
let it wash away like the ocean every
day as you go even deeper inward to the
essence of truth within your creation
and your creativity is a huge force in
your life seek the truth your creative
forces huge but the victim mentality
also looms in your persona so in order
to step out and into the pure creative
stream of consciousness released from
the past good bad and indifferent let it
go let it wash away stay in the present
do not feel put upon by others nor
overly dreamy and unrealistic about the
future take a breath be in the moment
and do it over and over again great
advice you yes
happy new you thank you so much to
Happiny and Christian really needed this
hmm that's a full minute to not stay
probably in a fill-up since you kind of
begin I mean you've got more water
inside you hmm
just water you've got more water inside
you oh right oh right yeah it's water
feel you're really speaking yeah yeah so
you're gonna be like the ocean get tired
a lot of but they come of the washing of
the in and in the out like okay yeah
yeah that makes sense it means
magnetizing you okay okay magnetized by
the mic while I hit my juice what is
that a vanilla ice in a baby okay we are
live here on set at the International
Space Station and we have just landed on
the moon
Danny Diamond this is the first moon
lander how do you felt like the corner
chips and salsa on the moon it seems
like a good place to live
please kill the humans they can come
here we're very excited there is water
we know there is water as there's also
the Serkis and nachos and quesadillas
astronaut number two how do you feel
that the existence here on the moon damn
shame ain't no black people up in this
place
don't care how black it is out here you
know
