what are you doing
I'm counting for what well I'm gonna go
ahead and seek okay okay count wonder
where they are
I thought you guys challenging to play
hide-and-seek with two-year-olds isn't
it nice to whine whine go seek no no
well what do you think you should do
next I know what you should do
why do you guys turn around for me turn
around look down Oh what is that is that
your room what looks like a dog trash
pit hey do you know what happens when
your room looks like this
we franchise away well that too no the
spiders that live near our house they
can smell your dirty room and then they
start coming inside and then they start
infesting your room and climbing inside
your clothes and your shoes do you want
spiders in your shoes cause they love
stinky stuff yeah they do so it's time
to clean yes clean your rooms kids do it
babies hard hmm what are you eating
IG cheese I'm ready to get this cheese
anything in the fridge she got herself a
little boat Tupperware they both have
cheese in them
she got it out of the fridge and put it
in the Tupperware and put the lids on it
and now she's sitting at the table
eating her little lunch of cheese that's
so yummy isn't it good Bernard what's
your favorite thing to eat oh shit your
mouse yeah you know my sister loved
cheese when she was little and she got
from eating cheese she felt like a
calcium deposit in her me or something
it's not weird like she went to the
doctor and he said it was for meeting
too much cheese is that true I don't
know maybe that's a bunch of goal what
what are you pointing at hmm what what
is it she was like look over there mom
oh I'm eating my cheese he didn't see me
eat my cheese she's so sneaky I think
she gets it from Shay what do you guys
think
