so here's our fresh juice what are we
gonna do today let's do the orange mango
fresh freshly squeezed it's beautiful
morning it's beautiful here in Venice
Beach man so crazy to be back kinda
smells like home you know in a sense hey
what's up dawg just flipping it out
right now you know how I do what up I'm
from Idaho
you guys want a potato I got some
potatoes in the trunk and one of my
pants what see you guys I love Venice
Beach man some characters down here I
don't know what I was thinking that was
really I should not have said that I'm
sorry I apologize is that when I come in
running the lines that means a h1 is
that a disease or something that's alt o
alt it's like h1n1 here the girls are in
prison
hi trying to figure out the lights itch
situation here soon it's gonna be on the
same passes I can't work in the lights
and the rock air there's not one part
one is the light go especial a
specialist and action that means it
shown your midriff custom custom you're
showing too much
shooting almost ruined the whole videos
close Jocelyn's about to go into jazzy
already your makeup looks fantastic okay
we are finished for today I try to get
the eyeliner off as best I could but you
know I'm not that good last time I did
it
my wife she had like eyeline makeup
remover eyeline dick whatever so we're
finished we were shooting here at cafe
Zella it's in Santa Monica it's really
good I actually had the barbecue pulled
beef dare put your stupid camera way you
guys should come down here come down
here to Utz on will Shire in Santa
Monica village 1616 and we'll share well
sure well shine shine farm shoes they
roll in April okay we have a serious
situation
okay apparently there is a giant rat in
this room yeah are you serious I'm
serious
when you look on your phone I'm gonna
film it I'm gonna film you jump okay I'm
gonna freak out okay apparently
according to Matt there is a giant rat
in this corner somewhere
danny has this basket where'd it come in
is it all right here's the hole look oh
yeah you're right
I'm gonna close this which we're going
that dude if he's still there and he
starts running out I'm gonna freak out
okay you go sit over there sit right
there okay get ready I'm gonna start
moving stuff around Oh My heck ascared
what so these are the bite my toes
soon as I see something moving it's
gonna run towards a dude it's where that
Potter are you serious
get myself out oh shoot look at that
thing
zero there's a trial yeah he got you
there dude
you come in here oh yeah there's a big
hole right underneath there it goes
underneath the floor what he's probably
doing is just running from this side to
go to this side
wait what was that Paul straddle arm I'm
still one nut my toes to be bitten stay
away from ah we got here at the take 180
studios and I am hey guys
Billy makes you almost at Billy Madison
I'm not really Madison Billy Madison I
graduated through anyways I'm here at
take 180 and we're shooting some space
you're funny I
it's a ninja
we got a ninja my urn man luckily
there's another Iron Man man he has got
some nice little oops
okay I am now Billy Mays slash Iron Man
and this is Katy Perry she's helping me
get ready my suit how many people tell
you the clay Katy Perry do you guys
think she looks like Katy Perry let's
see here definitely Katy Perry I think
so she kissed a girl and she liked it
okay I'm done being believed Madison
Billy Mays now ladies I'm gonna be
Justin Bieber you love behind the scenes
don't you okay I could tell you love it
hey Justin Bieber can good creepy beaver
I'm chubby Bieber and he's moustache
Bieber aka creepy Bieber she wants a
beaver and this is the real Bieber this
giant hilarious reusing with a set
pretty retro huh check Bieber time baby
hi we're not gonna drink all day that is
true I am in LA okay you guys we have
not I feel like we just haven't talked
one-on-one like in a while whoa oh my
goodness this has been a whirlwind trip
so far here in Los Angeles
I have filmed in the last two days seven
internet videos that are I just got done
with shot two no three videos with take
I'll put their link down in my pants if
you guys don't know who take one ideas
they do a bunch of funny spoofs my man
um Qasim's and I'm Shane Dawson's in
some of them and there's a lot of other
youtubers so check those guys out and
then for the station we shot like three
episodes of hot girls yesterday so it's
it's been so hard to vlog it's just like
tiring you know it's hard job wearing
wigs and makeup
it just it's not easy so I'm finally
done it's a 604 headed back to my old
house I'm stand there and I just miss my
wife this is my wife and kids I called
uh I called mommy card and she said that
Malachi has really been acting up since
I left like he's not listening to Carly
or Mommy tart like the one of the baby I
think baby tart or Princess hard had a
piece of pizza that they were carrying
around and Malachi was like following
her with it like trying to get a piece
of it you know and he always does that
he always like follows them and like
waits for him to drop it or something
anyways he ended up taking a piece of
pizza out of baby tarts hand and baby
towards like pizza and Mommy tarde
chased him into the backyard and he ran
in the backyard and ran behind the shed
and ate the piece of pizza and she was
like yelling out of my mouth like
Malachi and he was just like running
around the backyard it would not let her
catch up and she's all pregnant you know
so she can't do anything so she mommy
turn says I need to get home because
Malachi is taking advantage of the girls
he's not he's not listening because the
alpha male is at home I need to go home
because I'm out I should call him would
be funny I wonder if he would react if I
called him and mommy tried put on voice
I be like Malcolm knock it off okay
daddy
I'm sorry for still a baby towards me
just look though delay sauce alright so
I'm headed home you guys the videos I'm
heading home home home back to the
family in a couple more days so please
be patient with me the videos are gonna
kind of be a little skimpy and I'm gonna
mommy tried said she's gonna get some
footage of her and Carly and the kids
and everybody and she'll probably put up
on her Katy let Channel because she
doesn't have time to send it to me for
me to edit it into the into these daily
vlogs so go watch mommy to our Channel
Katy let I'll put her link in my pants
and hopefully she'll get one up today or
tomorrow or hopefully she will the next
couple days okay thank you for being
patient just trying to get all these
videos filmed before mommy has the baby
so I'll be oh by the way like he has
been asking when's she due when is she
due
June 8th is the due date so is that
close to any of your birthday's uh-huh
what do you guys want you want an
earlier later what do you think I'm
thinking this one we're gonna come
sooner because all the kids have like
come sooner progressively so June 8th is
the due date and I will see when the
baby pops out into the world when I when
the baby like puts their head out and
says I'm here I'm the newest card all
right I love you guys see you bye
