so you are not watching the shades are
drawn just sit back relax follow along
it to the same shape as to the things he
does for the deal family and just
because he's brother gives life on live
in you he's not afraid and less home for
two I'm ready for a baby also let it be
clear
he's blocking oh yeah let's get ready to
run
Saturday morning ladies and gentlemen
and it's time to be aggressive be
aggressive ah how many goals you can
score today dude you have your seatbelt
on right just so all the people like Sun
tart is ready to kick some balls what
serious ball soccer balls of course come
on don't be ridiculous
we're just are you gonna cheer for him
this morning what did she say she was
when I'm a cheerleader I want to be
aggressive what did you say
don't you sit you want one to give you a
toy you need to stop blackmailing Carla
yeah you get her wrapped around your
little finger there princess little
princess tart blackmailer and Carly's so
easy she's like okay like Harley stop
getting her stuff anyways we're headed
to the field when Tyra is pumped his
cleats are strapped on he's ready to go
and he's ready to be aggressive be be
aggressive yeah yeah Atta kid second
goal of the season first three minutes
of the game
I am the best father that ever existed
yes daddy you are the best father that
ever existed
good job dude whoo okay let's come down
here by the goal so we can get like a
first-hand centaur Gold K that's the
goal
come on dude kick it in the goal get it
dude get it oh oh geez oh geez here
comes the little kids I'm out of the way
I'm sorry it's got you come on go go go
fast run run run run all the way
Oh clouds got a pretty crappy cheer
section over here you guys aren't even
next to the sidelines come on it's
getting the game people that was a great
job grandma come on I want you in the
game
come on
what is he picking it to see that if
that dad the try to pick it up
underneath the church though is the
worst cheer I've ever seen loser get it
drive it in job dude see that I got it
I'm more proud of myself that I got the
goal than I am that he got to go oh it's
frustrating it's like you just want to
go out there I just like I want to be in
his body like let me do it I could do it
so hard to sit there and watch he's
having fun and they're tight it's 2 to 2
and Sun tarts support both the goals so
notice how does being like captain ah
awesome CA let's go he almost scored
another one it was a nail-biter
but they just kicked it out barely job
another victory treated to the good
cocoon Jim place sportsmanship my squid
more goals than you dude I'm better than
you
good job good job he's ok 5 quick score
man they were they were so cute tiny
little case did you hold one how cute
were they you hold a lot of them how
cute were they how cute were they
they are so cute
good job dude you won three to two you
scored two of the goals yep fun that's
what's important unless you lost your
something to fall off I'm serious it's
gonna fall off I'm gonna bite it off
what are you drinking right there grade
what are you drinking oh yeah her
Gatorade you're drinking some Gatorade -
oh the kids are drinking Gatorade no
there's anything wrong with that you sad
you don't want daddy to go to California
are you guys gonna miss me if you're
gonna miss me the most fall asleep right
now
Oh baby tards gonna miss me oh look son
darkness your drilling dude we know
you're not asleep nice hat bro I like it
baby tired goodbye I love you oh look
there's my ride love you guys okay bye
how much you're gonna miss me how much a
hundred and two thousand that's a lot of
missing units so I got to get on a bus
to go to the airport and we're still
compressing the video so I'm gonna be
just holding that on the bus here we go
another airplane ride another time we
get in the train
Tinh cannon wid through the air 500
miles an hour
OneTouch counsel on the airplane
we do
if every time here's my bird
check it out look at that dude on the
bike there's a guy on a bike that's like
15 feet tall you see him up there what
if he falls off oh good old Los Angeles
it's coming out right behind him I could
totally take this dude out Oh My heck
look he's got a little pink dice hanging
off the back of his bike he's like 15
feet off the ground that's awesome
