so you log in here good morning tarts
good morning tarts have no power at
Walmart me and you and we're gonna get
some clay pigeons what are we gonna do
with the clay pigeons we're going to
shoot them and me and you together
oh hey coincidence I know that what's
that what's what what what yeah here you
what get it get it
we're gonna shoot this this Metis
newspaper it's been very bad deserves to
be shot here's the weapon of choice to
Smith & Wesson 40-caliber handgun be
firing winchester 180 grain bullets at
the newspaper and we're gonna kill it
dead okay here we go
okay ready I'm gonna shoot five bullets
one two three four go shoot slow I was
aiming right here I'm gonna have to
adjust your sight one two three four
where's the fifth one must have been
down here so if you ever tried to break
in my house I'm an aim for your head but
I'll probably turn ECAP so be careful I
was aiming right at the top red
there's 15 no it's uh
I think 1313 in the clip and one in the
whole dad he doing oh that's better
you're aiming at the very top yeah I was
aiming right here so yeah I guess I
guess I fixed it after I shot it I just
suck dang it
okay let's practice some more explain
what's going on in this situation okay
this is my self defense home god
although it also seconds is a youth
hunting gun but it was my idea of
homeland defense what is it's a 20 gauge
this is a 20 gauge okay has some special
rounds three-inch buckshot he's dead you
shooting the same spot each time yep
it's a pretty close pattern well I guess
that's pretty we're pretty close pretty
close to the target
take that want ads ah we don't want your
heads just to shoot them a lot of you
probably think it's just weird that we
have guns but it's it's just different
culture almost a lot of you from that
aren't from America or even from you
know big cities it's weird that you know
some of you you know you're from a more
rural area and it's just normal like
just growing up there's always been guns
in my house you know my dad's always had
guns my uncles have guns they're not
hard to get that's the funny that's a
funny thing as a lot of people in other
videos are like how'd you get a gun and
I'm like I have a debit card you know
you can go down to Walmart and buy one
like that so it's just it's just
different than you know if you lived in
LA when I was living in LA I had my
shotgun in my hand gun people would be
over and sometimes they'd come up by
yeah I got two guns you guys want to see
him and they'd be like you have them in
the house yeah what's the big deal so
just where you come from you know it's
just a different I almost want to say
culture but I don't know it's just a
different perception but yeah to me guns
have always been part of my life dad
always taught us you don't f around with
them you don't play around you know you
learn the proper safety techniques and
they're fine I haven't shot my hand off
yet so not fun would here's our 12-gauge
shotgun I actually use this in a video
so I'm uploading today actually I made a
video called man phone that's a phone
with all the stuff attached to it and
one of the things is the shotgun attacks
like a knife and a shotgun and a
motorcycle helmet to it
you guys go watch it right now I'll put
a link in my pants down below it's a new
Chicago video called man phone so I'm
gonna throw my own shoot him okay we're
done shooting good job no dude like you
did before dang it you're never is funny
when the cameras rolling
we could show them the fence they're
always so funny they always like do
something or say something I'm like idle
areas that I'll turn the camera on
they're like no I can't do it now so di
think what do you guys think
I feel like Crotty kid pitch fetched so
here we go we are fully enclosed now we
have our security and our privacy and
concealment of all animals and small
children that's pretty nice gate oh I
put a lock on this but this is a big
it's a big four foot I don't know what
the four foot opening but I think it
looks amazing and the best part about it
is it smells really really good like
cedar fence whatever I think we're gonna
do I know you guys want to know this let
me inform you I think we're gonna move
this swing set go with me on this right
there and then we're gonna build a fire
pit right here where there's a this is
like a turn up or what is it
rhubarb this is a rhubarb plant that
grows back like in two days it'll be
like a foot tall and I just want to get
rid of it because we don't like it with
a my group herb but we're gonna put a
fire too right there so be cool we can
roast marshmallows and stuff during the
summer but I like it I really I really
like the fence I think it looks great
what do you think do you approve you
prove because you don't I'll burn it
down right now I'll go get the gasoline
and I'll torture you guys just tell me
and I'll do it
look she let me hold their hand I think
she likes me
that wasn't me though
oh I know where it's at come on okay
look dude you don't get whoa your boss
that's Kate's Locker hey Kate thumbs up
so you're dating your sister do gross
mom eat or do that then we can spin you
lay on your lay on your stomach and then
we'll spin you like a top
let me get mommy tard what we get what
did we get ladies nope
we got the best spots in the lot right
here baby that's the front door and we
got it mom mom we got the best spot in
the lot best spot in the lot better than
yours got a better parking spot than you
did loser
your loser everybody's a loser hey I'm
not gonna come in I'm just gonna sit
here and enjoy my best spot in the lot
Kerli that was some quick thinking on
guys yeah I got her
Kassem G I found the coolest coat in the
world check it out
turn around how embarrassing what are
you doing oh so precious look at that
little four-wheeler wait I'm just
watching Jimmy Fallon and he had um Tina
Fey and Amy Poehler and literally all
they did was played charades that's what
he does for his show which is it was
funny but it's like I to meet Jimmy
Fallon he's like he just like says what
would be fun to do how about I play
charades with my friends from Saturday
Night Live and we'll just use that as my
show which to me it's like one point I'm
like this is like a cheap ripoff of a
show but at the same time I'm like this
is genius he's having the time of his
life and I kind of like reads you know I
was like oh that's fun I want to play
and anyways so guess who's up next on
his show that's right ladies Justin
Bieber baby baby baby baby wait what was
that that's Casey and Jojo
baby baby baby baby what is this song
baby babe I obviously I don't know but
I'm gonna sing it for you in a minute
when Justin Bieber's on see somebody
adds something dreamy oh my gosh dude
oh they're playing our song too i'ma
beat i'ma Bieber he's wearing a hat
you're good
Bieber why are you wearing a hat I love
your hair
what her to see his hair what you
wearing a beanie dude that's stupid
come on Bieber man Oh Justin Bieber he's
great you guys know he like started on
YouTube right so you got it root for him
Justin Bieber and Soulja Boy both
started on YouTube so good for them I'm
the next Justin boy soldier I'm gonna be
soldier Bieber
I'm soldier Bieber that's my new singing
name and I'll do rap dances and I'll
have big cool hair and I'll sing high or
it was gonna be
soldier Bieber sounds like beaver or or
or Justin Boy Soulja Boy Justin Bieber
Bieber I don't know I'm gonna I'm gonna
come on something sweet you watch
