we're so hot yes why did you do that
why did you get so hot I didn't do it
it's not fair
other fat ugly guys out there are gonna
be thinking like maybe I got a chance to
marry a hot wife that is pretty gross
never mind you're not hot anymore we're
building this shelf we listen I know you
are building the majority of it explain
what the Shelf is gonna be for though
wow that's exciting news I'm making one
for myself
wait is that backwards shouldn't that be
white wait oh really
what the f so explain what the shelves
gonna be for t-shirts
what kind of t-shirts t-shirts that have
my name and face so that's a good sign
we're getting closer to getting some
shirts to sell we're gonna stack them
all on these shelves and that way we can
have them organized and it won't be such
a freakin cluster muck like last time
cluster muck it's all it's all mucky but
somebody yeah why are somebody okay stop
being so hot or I'm gonna punch you in
the face Hey what are you doing your
toys are gonna suffocate
you got all your toys in that little
baggie they're gonna die look he's
claustrophobic retard let me know okay
honey I'm going to the bank I'm gonna go
to the bank to get money yeah I'm gonna
bring him with me he's gonna come we're
gonna go for a ride
he can pee at the bank okay bye love you
going to get a check for the fence
geyser they're finishing the fence it's
gonna be awesome you guys want to see it
let's go look at it
stay close I know you're excited about
the phones defense
Malakai we did one good thing this is
gonna be a this is gonna be a chain link
gate see the cedar fence is gonna come
all the way down this line blue and over
here do some be cedar but we're gonna
put this chain link fence right here
so the Malakai consent on the stairs and
look at people that are out in the
street
you said we're gonna go for a ride right
I'm right here by the back of the van
that's where we usually do usually get
by the back of the van then we go for
right you ready I'm ready let's go are
we gonna go I'm ready let's go come on
wanna go let's go you said we're gonna
go for a ride you better go for a ride
don't disappoint me daddy gonna go for I
do you like our gate I like it we pretty
sweet for a new gate check the search
that seems to be functioning properly
mm-hmm yep get to my approval yep sweet
okay that was well here's your question
you're embarrassed now okay let me show
these people okay so these are prick
pictures of my senior prom there's me
looking like stud
there's my prom date and I told princess
art I said I hadn't met your mommy yet I
was dating this girl and it started goes
mommy was in her belly like I don't know
how that equates in her mind so you are
my my daughter you are the daughter of
my prom date what a night that was I'll
tell you what
but he's screaming about
oh it's in your hair it's in your hair
sue Sarita
I was downstairs how that phony was
attacking you I was like what the heck
Monni tired okay we're on our way here
get these boards and you can hang the
slats how we're gonna have a fence look
there's our fence right there underneath
the tarps what stays dry excited excited
that way you can't get out and run
around the neighborhood chasing cats
anymore because you have a big problem
with that don't you
they retard admit it you're always
trying to get the cats they say I'm baby
tard Oh baby put your arms up in the air
say Oh
baby darn soaked you look at that dress
oh it's mommy's going through all old
stuffs more I know isn't seem like we
have never-ending old crap around
she just find these random dresses in
there it's like I work just one I wear
dis one so she's wearing that dress over
a camouflage dress to me it sounds
better to say thunder and lightning what
is the Sun better for you to say because
that's weird because the Lightning comes
first and then the Thunder I'm just the
reason I'm thinking this is such a crazy
situation I'm just uploading today's
vlog which while you're watching this
will be yesterday's vlog and I think I'm
gonna title it awesome thunder and
lightning because there was some awesome
thunder and lightning but I think I
titled it awesome lightning and thunder
because I was thinking the Lightning
comes first and then the Thunder but it
sounds better to say thunder and
lightning why is that that's crazy
what sounds better to you guys to me
it's like it's thunder and lightning but
in the natural aspect of it lightning
comes first and then the Thunder this is
just I'm tripping out man I am tripping
out and then I was honestly thinking
about that as I was driving and then
this song comes on that's what
even more tripping I think I don't know
I should know I used to be a radio DJ my
life okay what do you think comment
below hey okay you ready
you need to help us test this new chair
out see if we like it or not just let me
know when you feel like throwing up feel
nauseous yet sort of vomit mmm written
script the rip the screenplay mmm Elsie
walk we get this from a retard the
princess primer it's a book on how to
become a princess at Office Max he's
like that I read this book I read that
book you like it no I did well we should
have we should have
I just forgot some jerky and when I was
handing it to her she touched it and I
said you touched my meat and it was
really awkward so awkward now what do
you think you're gone oh you need some
cheer lessons and some chocolate dude I
like that that smells good watermelon I
don't think I've ever seen one of those
before that smell super delicious okay
Britt just hard to remember point your
toes okay Oh sharp arms prettiest I
remember sharp arms okay bye have fun
you ready okay here put that put that in
there I am so confident in our new
office max shredder no no no nurse at
just put the paper in there then I'm
gonna let my two-year-old use it
go to office max and get it be sure to
go to office max get a new shredder
tomorrow at the office max printer store
shredders when I get me paid no babies
right no no no no you just put the paper
in there and it'll do it and I'll do it
put it in the slot
in there her fingers can't even fit in
there I already tried I already tried
they don't even fit let me see your
fingers mister your fingers I haven't I
haven't had enough I'm gonna call Child
Services comments in a wow I want some
more I'm gonna call child services all
right put it in there you gotta push it
in farther push it him farther no why
did she keep on to push the button don't
just go there you go you want to see it
okay come here I don't know why just
look at it every single time it does the
same thing every time it just shreds it
isn't it pretty much I know it's
probably it was unsafe a couple years
ago but it's literally impossible like
you can't fit anything through there you
want to know the first thing I credit
with it yes guess the first thing I used
to the shredder on and this is this is a
man thing guess what it was I'm gonna
let's leave it in the comments below i
open the box i set up the shredder and
the first thing that i put through the
shredder is this and it's it's kind of a
manly it's not a manly item that i
shredded but it's like a man wouldn't do
this what do you think it is you have no
idea okay good good let's see what the
comments inc what do you guys think the
very first thing that i open the box i
set up the shredder and i thought what
can i read for the first thing i like oh
this is perfect I'll shred this leave in
the comments below what do you guys
think you have no guests at all I don't
even know it's like what what would a
man do clothes your clothes put in the
comments below it's not the receipt but
clothes looks like we got a full time
shredder on our hands
she needs to pull her weight here in the
shade tart household here at chez tart
incorporated we need some good employees
and she has not been doing much lately
so she's gonna earn a minimum wage to
shred the papers actually if it wasn't
for her we wouldn't even have a show is
what we do call the show that's an
interesting question a lot of people
call it like a reality show I don't know
if it's an excellent show is the show I
mean you can make a farm or a
hairdresser with that would you like
that every day to have a hairdresser mr.
Kardashian like I don't think we could
have a show some people have said um to
be honest with you guys we have had some
people mean like who are trying to get
us a reality show on TV well it ever
happened we're not really worried about
it we just I would almost we almost
rather not do a reality show you think
about the look how great cake turned out
she turned out hot got Dancing with the
Stars that could be you I know I felt
bad I would say if anybody can can if
anybody can um what's the word why is my
vocabulary shrinking I'm getting dumber
Oh if anybody can relate to John and
Kate it's Shea and Kate II let's because
I see a lot of people who criticize them
and you say things about bad things
about her and I'm just like leave her
alone leave her alone that's how I feel
so is this a show is this a daily vlog
what is this what are we doing we've
done it for over 400 days we still
haven't figured out what this is where
what day is this like 410 we've uploaded
a video every day for four hundred and
ten days but we still don't know what it
is we don't know we're just recording
our live and uploading it to the YouTube
and who knows it'll happen with I just
what you would stay the same
as it is right now forever in a safe but
like I don't want to do this forever I
don't want to make daily vlogs time for
tea what are we gonna do you guys I
don't know I don't know I don't have a
plan that really sucks
we've never had a plan I was like
whatever we'll figure it out you know
what's the best plan of all though we
know that no matter what happens we'll
be together that honestly has been like
in some of the hardest times of our life
when we've been like broke and stuff
like that that's the only thing that's
got me through it's like no matter how
hard things are and how much thing
things seem stacked against us the good
thing that I know for sure above all
things is that it's just me and this
girl right here it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter what happens she's got my
back and I got hers and I'm trying to
that honestly is it's honestly like you
know what we're going through some crap
right now but at least I got her to go
through it with me and we are happy like
literally there's been times where we've
just like hugged each other and said at
least we have each other and that's all
that matters your mom your mommy's a
crybaby baby turn we don't know we're
doing but we're having fun we love you
guys thanks for watching the videos
honestly right baby third this is an
emotional moment
