take that fence hood up i 7:30 in the
morning and I'm out here moving this
section of fence so the tree guy so they
come grind this stump out and then for
all of those who said that the yellow
spray paint in the grass was for the
fence you win 1 million nothings yay so
you got a manly work going on today what
is going on out here hi goober good
morning hi what's up to roll watch out
for poop this is the poop corner I love
you how you doing cutie let's see how
tough you are miss kick boxer kick that
fence rung off there come on you can do
it
let's see you just kick it once right
there that middle board yeah kick it
harder harder
pretend somebody's trying to kill your
baby
it's supposed to motivate you
Omo kick it mommy jarred pretend you
hear a burning building you have to
teach the walls to get a view dude
carrying bricks so sexy are you so loud
we've been we've been maybe Australia
like five times what we never do any
glass comes in handy huh nice loves
mommy tired yeah no just get rid of this
thing I don't know how exactly we're
gonna do that mommy's gonna push it over
you push it over you're rocking it
you're rocking the love shack baby love
shack love shack baby love shack if this
is a Love Shack we've got problems you
disgusting hey you guys got a helper
over here okay so does she get paid
hourly or what are you thinking
commission all right
you get $1 aboard you're such a good
little helper Carrie and daddy's old
granite there you go good job nice one
you're a good little helper - its kind
of sad getting rid of all this granite
there's some of my little granite slices
likely go that's a nice this natural
stone that has been cut out of the
mountain and polished gotta get rid of
it you are so buff you good job she's
just working on the fence it's funny I
can remember each of these jobs over
that job we're having this made this is
my polishing rack it's a little a frame
I built
that's your sister's right honey that
that's for the bathroom yeah and this
material right here I had this one job
this guy he wanted new countertops but
he was like super super environmentally
friendly so we wanted this composite
material this stuff right here this
stuff is like granite but it's made out
of old ash glass and like metal like a
bunch of old landfill material it's
compressed into countertops and it's
really expensive because the process of
getting the old landfill material and
making it out of countertops he had me
come give him a bid and the countertops
normally would have cost probably like
four thousand this job cost like 8 it
was double the price of granite because
he wanted it to be environmentally
friendly I was like alright I'll do it I
had to order it out of Colorado and they
shipped it to me he's really weird
because I never worked with the material
before so I cut it up and installed it
it ended up looking really nice that's
pretty crazy pretty expensive
countertops but he saved the earth so
good for him I remember this job - this
is really pretty granite the thing with
granite is you can't
I think if granite is it's unpredictable
like if that changes like the veins run
different like in especially in these
kind of pieces and I install the piece
and the lady didn't like they look like
the little vein that went through it she
don't like it and so she made me pull it
out and replace it with another piece
which cost her an extra $300
pretty I think so pretty that one's well
okay that's a good general that's called
ornamental but I like this one looks a
lot ready getting rid of all the fence
still helping good helper come here
there's another piece right here for you
it's waiting for you right there
get it she's been so good she's made
like 12 trips I know but you think she'd
be like okay I'm bored of this press I
think we got a future granite holler on
her hands there
she had the funny thing too is she has
her own little pile gonna left bottom of
the trailer out there she's got our own
little pile of like little pieces there
she comes more Oh get in those hands
dirty these guys are gonna be grinding
out the stumps of the trees the old
trees are in the way they got that stump
grinder they goes burn and grant the
stumps out of the way
click mug book summer green I just slug
but green do you guys look there's
another slug bug green
gone Wow
yep just dipped it on in there we just
tell everyone I did that by myself my
magical powers the magic belly
Computers too hot I'm gonna cool down a
little bit
look who's on deck mr. two three Logan
Logan McKay 55 is he gonna hit a home
run is that what it's called back - give
us some batting tips real quick you're
all correct and when he's done after he
bets to be a pro baseball player okay
okay okay Logan gonna get a hit
no pressure only 200,000 people will see
this Oh what are some what are some
baseball cliches Harry ducks on the palm
keep your eye on the ball here we go
rock and roll knock one out of the park
on the bow yeah I'm gonna interview our
batter in a minute you nervous mom you
want to tell the story about my baseball
career 14 and I was sitting very
nicest hit and I get triple I was it was
a triple and I was on the top of the
bleachers so everyone was down instead
good hit shake he said did and everyone
turn around in my mom goes Lori good
 hey that's the name of this video
good hey I remember that because
I'm everything why is my mom cousin
instead of good hit Shay she switched it
