so you log in you today is a big day
you ready Sun tarde yes excited what do
you think is gonna happen are you gonna
win it yes what are you gonna do when
you get out on the field you're gonna be
what what be aggressive be be aggressive
yeah mami tarde when you get on the
field what are you gonna be what are you
gonna be no the answer is pregnant
take it be be be pregnant yeah well okay
can you get out on the field what are
you gonna be sniff the buds like I
always do
smooth the buds sniff sniff - but her K
you guys so I had a little talk with son
tard and I gave him the aggressive talk
about how you need to be aggressive you
need to go get the ball no matter what
you usually do if then if there's the
little ball right there a big crowd of
carrots in there I'm kicking it you need
to run in there get in there and get the
ball and take it to the college score no
matter what you did be aggressive just
be aggressive and get in there so I'm
excited to see how it turns out what I
hope will happen is I hope it be too
aggressive and it'll get kicked out of
the game
maybe like whoa this little kids a
savage
that's just you know it's just father's
dream of course but we'll see what I
think I'll love him no matter what
unless he does a bad job then I will
definitely stop loving him
those same for you you're on thin ice
tuts that last chicken dinner you made
was subpar where are you going
okay I love you be careful be safe there
she goes it's like my little baby's
going off to college
look she's just going to the playground
so under the sizing up the parents on
the other team
I'm uh I'm ready I think I'm ready for
my first parrot to fight I think I could
take almost all of them there's one guy
over there who looks like you can handle
himself but I think I can beat the crap
out of the rest of their kids do
something my kid it is Oh and on ready
ready preparing all my life for this I'm
gonna kick some Logan's here he brought
his boyfriend Sam along hey hey Sammy
boy you're three rooting for today here
we go it's underway get it whoa why are
the coaches out there are you proud of
your grandson yes being aggressive keeps
looking over here every two seconds
though like we read it he'll do
something to look over like could you
see that just do that it'll be like he
like keeps waving at us over here what
are the treats
what are they always orange slices a
half-time good ol abhors you don't like
orange slices kids go Snickers Snickers
and a diet coke let's go dude go get him
he's being aggressive I'm proud of him
yeah yeah nice
sundar just scored a goal and I missed
it I'm a bad father right sorry you guys
I saw it it was a glorious moment you
will never see it sorry he was so proud
you looked over here he's like alright
get another one people on YouTube want
to see dude get it down there okay stop
it you get down there
nice go go go get in there get it in
there nice nice nice oh so close come on
get in there's literally like 500
parents all yelling yeah
Malakai just up pulled Carly because he
wanted to attack a boxer she was sitting
on the ground and he was pulling her
because he was like going to attack this
box
bless your total was again even though
we won game dude you won you won the
game
good job scored a goal in your first
game good boy okay we're all coming in
the house you know the best part about
having three wives because you can all
just get into the kitchen they just get
their butts to work what do you say whoa
watch it I'm vlogging here hey you
cleanin hell you doing you're not
helping oh yeah he's a supervisor hey
guys good news
we finally got most of the crap out of
the basement check it out yes now we're
just gonna take this trailer and hook it
up to the truck then we're gonna drive
it off a giant cliff we'll be done with
it yeah so basically if it's going to
the left you want to pull your right
hand to bring it back what happened
see now you're up there now put your
arms back pull your brakes yeah they
should flip Logan is gonna try a
backflip with with the Beemer okay we're
ready whenever you are
I stop looking through the viewfinder I
was just watching use I hope my god I
think I got it yeah you know the
backflip do you know the backflip is so
handsome when you do a backflip
they're all watching you he's try and
quit giving him so much pressure geez
Logan there's only an entire girls teeth
soccer team waiting for you do for you
girls they're disappointed yeah thank
you
here's Sam of sabre-toothed zebras favor
saber-tooth WW saber-tooth youtube.com/
zebras all right keep it up there it's
pulling you do today has felt like the
most normal day
that doesn't make sense oh crap my turn
on the wrong spot like I feel like it's
like my old life again for some reason
it's like I haven't been on the Internet
at all today that's crazy what time is
it
it's 251 that is a freaking world record
it's 251 and I haven't been on the
Internet once that's crazy
I've been doing chores with the Sun
tired soccer game we took all the junk I
got my trailer yeah see it fit they're
pulling my trailer around my old truck
took all the junk to the storage shed
took some other stuff to di to get rid
of it and it's just felt like I'm a
normal person it doesn't it's not a
normal person it's just like what I used
to be so weird
vanitas understand you understand me do
you guys I think this girl is just
flirting with me I'm serious I know
you're gonna say hey that's impossible
who in their right mind would ever flirt
with a walrus like you I knew you're
gonna say that I'm serious I was a
jack-in-the-box getting a cucumber wench
salad and and the girl at the window I
really felt like she was flirting with
me and I don't know why I'm like I'm
just imagining it like just the way that
she was like talking to me you know what
I think it was is she would look me
right in the eyes you don't notice that
I don't know if you noticed that but
most people when they're talking to you
when you're talking to somebody you
don't ever look at them directly in the
eyes usually like maybe look at their
nose or their forehead or their mouth or
their boobs
I mean or something I don't know what
you look at anyways do that next time
when you're talking to somebody look
them directly in the eye sight read I'm
trying to do it too many things right
now I should not be doing this okay
sorry
look them right in the pupils try it
it's kind of weird because you're not I
mean do you guys do that I don't know if
I do that I think I look at the noses or
something or I look around but next time
you're talking to somebody look at them
right in the eyes and I think they'll
think that you're flirting with them
because that girl I felt like she was
flirting with me she's like looking at
me right in the eyes she's like she's
like thank you have a nice day and I was
like what why are you flirting with me
I'm married it's just an observation try
it
hi what are you doing okay you could
you're gonna cut your hair now yes not
by yourself though huh cuz sister did
that yesterday and she got in trouble
okay so we're just trimming baby hair
off a baby tart so it will all grow
evenly and it's sort of emotional baby
do you want to play yeah keep your head
right there really really still okay
let's yeah there we go
so yesterday since the start oh yeah we
have to see the first cut but it will be
so cute
we did it we're gonna back out in the
movie so as she picks her nose would be
much better and then it will grow evenly
and not sister so yesterday princess
Hart got in trouble because she was
playing with scissors like they like to
cut and paste with her lulu and their
paper and she cut a little piece of her
hair off and it was just a tiny piece
you know in the front and I said don't
do that again because if you got your
hair we're gonna have to shave it right
yes
right so married next second she comes
in here to cut and paste and she cuts it
again my shaman what well you blew it on
her baskets to glue it onto her baskets
- but mom I have to glue it onto my
basket so we didn't shave her head of
course but there was this there's this
much in the front that's gone you
probably won't ever see it
because I'm gonna draw attention to it
maybe Todd who he's gonna get married to
a family Superman that would be so cool
if you did I
princess Hart's gonna marry Superman yes
Oh who are you gonna marry everyone's
gonna marry
maybe tired it's so pretty
summer Bob what do you guys do
do you like it are you mad at me for
cutting her I mean don't get that many
mattr her daddy
oMG that is like so do you like it yes
you look pretty it's called the reef
this is like a total ripoff
look there's the butt there's the net
there's an orange fish huh yeah yeah I'm
sure that's what the guys - who put this
out thought - no I have an idea let's
get a quirky orange fish and they'll be
like an ocean setting you see and then
somebody will get kidnapped in the net
and then it'll be like a giant adventure
to try to get a bag that's totally good
idea and then he'll I'll find like a
quirky fish in the ocean
they like help sermon yeah that's a
great idea let's make it yeah see that
see that what's that it's a rainbow oh
look how beautiful it is what is that
it's what first time she goes rainbow
and then I thought she said moonbow it
sounds like maybe she's half right
that's the moon can you say the moon
yeah say that's a moon that's a crescent
moon it's half case a crescent moon it's
a crescent moon okay go inside and be
good for the babysitter's I love you I
like your new hairdo I feel like we're
coming to pick like a girl on a date
yeah like this is like prom or something
right now I'm gonna
today with three hot chicks tonight Luc
KY or what I mean for a boy hi I'm here
to pick you up for your day
I got your boutonniere here you go I
hope you like it
you guys decided Erin the excited what
are you ordering real woman eat me what
did you get quit what a nice dinner
trying to enjoy our not have a nice
conversation show that you have a fun is
it rolling it's really no yeah so here
we are at our restaurant we've had a day
it's hellacious meal service was great
so these are wet naps right anywhere
ever again
did you as she said I hope you didn't
okay so wet naps or tallis talis voice
to tell us yep every time we open than
moist towelette
what does the moist tell it smell like
you guys know they smell like okay I'm
gonna give you the test
smell smell think about it don't jump
okay filling your barbeque feet oh sorry
hey pass it over to Erin my name's Ellie
BBQ - it smells really Stern where's the
circle oh okay what do you think I need
such does he think think think breakfast
cereal breakfast cereal first think
breakfast cereal sure no what are you
stupid
you know this we've done this no Martha
maybe so I guess you honestly don't
smell it think breakfast cereals stupid
blondes don't anything nice Froot Loops
totally next time you go to a restaurant
open the way open the voice talent yeah
that is your prize if you get to wash
your fingers with that boy Stella open
it up and smell it froze think of Froot
Loops open it up and smell it does too
I'm gonna beat not ago it kind of smells
like it kind of smells like pine-sol
this test it out when you go to
restaurant open the wet-naps they tell
you what you think
