hey guys I just have some some bad news
really quick I wanted to come and tell
you guys this firsthand and I wanted you
to hear it from my own lips before you
heard it from anybody else here it is I
want you guys to know something about me
okay I mean I never told anybody this
before and I just want you to know that
I am an ami meenie miney mo lova and
eenie meenie miney mo lova stop it okay
um you guys f word F word up or this is
dead this computer
he's not working no more oh that was
cool oh dude watch ready okay so I
bought this computer about a year ago
for my good friend Joe Feliz for $400
this computer has processed over I'm
diggin 300 over 300 Shaytards vlogs and
that those aren't small files people you
know you want you have to sit through
them these are ten twelve minute videos
we're talking megabytes major megabytes
that this little baby is compressed into
smaller video files I know uploaded to
YouTube I'm not sure if it's dead I have
tried to compress my video eight times
now and every time I do it just dies and
so I'm like okay no HD it's like too
hard on it or something I don't know
it's kind of hot so I'm like I'll just
do it in normal quality I've tried that
like four times now and it just keeps
dying so we are the crossroads I'll see
you at the crossroads always never miss
my uncle Charles yeah anyways so this is
a quick vlog to tell you that the vlog
will not be up tonight I'm gonna have to
figure out my technology I have Final
Cut Pro that I need to put on this
laptop
which is my nice one and I just I've
been I have been so accustomed to this
and that's always what's happened to me
I've been forced into new technology
because I learned iMovie oh six on this
and that's what I use that's what I love
and now I think I'm gonna have to
upgrade so that is I have to that is in
my other confession I am NOT
technologically advanced as most as most
of my peers are I am low in the totem
pole on knowledge on web-based computer
knowledge as it as it will be I am good
at screaming I'm good at beating
children and making love to hot brunette
so those are the three things I can do
well
in my life um so I'm not reading this to
work I have a lot of great footage a lot
of great footage
sundered scored his first goal today did
I get it
you'll have to tune in to see so this is
just a little excuse blog to tell you
that there will not be a vlog I love
when I do that I love when I make a vlog
to inform you that there will not be
able to watch not oh my wife she just
texted me and said babysitter I'll be
here at 8:30 you know what that means
the date night date night so I gotta go
I'm gonna go put on some aqua dgo at
least two sprays on each side of the
neck so I'm smelling hot and I will
hopefully figure this out and we'll get
the vlogs back on the track okay I'll
see you guys later
I love you peace what what ferrata outro
I know ever have an outro this is my
absolute yeah yeah and then you bring it
up top okay
and
