whoa are you playing my team you know
the team your plan play the Cougars what
is your his name uh our guy's name is
team l9 you're the mountain lions
what's your team name huh Cooper that's
your team name okay we're getting the
shin guards I'm upstairs let's strap
down good nice okay let's get this board
on baby tart just came up to me and and
looked at Cooper he does that's my daddy
that's my dad can't believe him and
actually say this but we need to get a
car be crowded in here you stay close
okay once once feet is tarde comes we're
not gonna have room for all you little
brat heads in here maybe talk some
sucking her thumb it's not enough room
for your thumb sucking in this man you
got it
you guys ready go to soccer practice
baby turn where we at soccer practice
there's Sun tarde getting ready all
right hurry up I am so happy to be
running in the class
yeah yeah you guys want to know a little
secret this is where I went to
elementary school right here on these
fields where I formed my first crushes I
remember everybody had a girlfriend like
not everybody but of course I did
because anyways I remember this is how
recess went everybody well everybody who
had a girlfriend or a boyfriend all the
other people who didn't they would try
to get the people who had a boyfriend a
girlfriend hold hands now I had a
girlfriend I was probably about four
feet tall and as you know in fifth and
sixth grade girls hit puberty before
boys so Maya
girlfriend is about a foot and a half
taller than I was she was like five and
a half feet tall redhead
total red hair I was literally like a
foot and a half shorter than she was and
here was the rule people would grab like
good that her friends would grab her and
my friends would grab me and they would
like wrestle us I don't know why we did
this there the rest of us together and
they would try to get you to hold hands
like they would hold your hand out and
they'd like open your fingers and you'd
be like fighting like no I don't want
you is it so good no no and then they
like hold open they'd put your hands
together and the rule was that if they
got your hands together then you had to
hold hands you couldn't simply just let
go the funniest thing you would fight to
the death not to hold the hand of your
girlfriend but if they ended up getting
it together was like you guys got us and
then you would walk around the rest of
the recess holding hands so funny
because it's like why would you not just
just let go of her hand but that was
like the unspoken rule if they ended up
getting your hands together
you were binded it was like handcuffs or
something anyway so yeah a lot of
memories on this field we used to play a
football we had a fifth-grade teacher
his name was mr. K and we'd play right
here and is literally like a hundred
kids and he was the quarterback and he
would say hike a hundred of us would
just run out there and be like all
everybody scream and all these kids
screaming and he would just launch it up
like these he'll Mary passes and we'd
all try to catch it you know he's a lot
of memories right here mr. K also used
to make us run I call it the gauntlet I
had to run up there up that little gully
and run back down a lot of good memories
here we're gonna try to fly the kite I
got my kite out here but there's like no
wind at all I'm trying to watch this
flag over here for any signs of wind
that's pretty limp so uh we might not be
flying the kite today dang it I wanted
to get some good arm upper body workout
anyways we'll just play soccer come on
dude pass it over here
let's see your kicks nice get it get it
yeah he's trying to hit me like honey
like I'm gonna steer it this way through
this way and then I'm gonna run me over
so I hit the deck would have been good
footage bugger such a sad kite today sad
kite needs more wind
Oh at least you tried
I think we have to have a talk with it
okay sore at soccer practice and Sun
tarde I don't know why is making the
choice to go as slow as possible they're
playing green light red light with the
soccer ball and when the coach you know
he'll say go and then they're supposed
to dribble it towards them and then when
he blows the whistle they're supposed to
stop like red light green light the game
you know like the plague I am well
centered for some reason his strategy is
to go very very slow I think this really
doesn't get caught or whatever and so
he's like creeping along and by the end
all the kids are on the other side and
Sun tarts still in the middle of a film
and the coach is like okay
bring it in on about there and talk to
him but you know I don't be one of those
parents or now they're like what are you
going I got him okay so all the kids are
here
all the kids are here and there's what
is he doing I'm embarrassed
oh there's all the kids are their sons
are coming in laughs well okay why don't
you teach him how to play red light
green light with a soccer ball you are
dirty mess so wrap that of the doctor
math cards I'm having fun
Kevin find it we're son tired come here
come here silly or son tired out at the
playground what's he doing
was he playing soccer hey hey come here
don't go play with the kids come talk to
me Oh daddy juice Co let her play tell
she doesn't want to be in front of the
camera all the time was so obnoxious
with that stupid things sometimes but
everybody wants you just poking it in
their face ah get it away from me
daddy seriously move your leg it's so
uncomfortable
okay there's a girlfriend for you you
see her I know she's multi-coloured but
you don't need to be racist geez did you
like that was actually a boy
he's shy it was a boy I saw some I
thought I saw some giant pelo toes
hanging down there what is called
Malachi games not that there's anything
wrong with that
maybe he's bicurious but he's not all
the way Malachi tummy dates Oh daddy do
not believe these false allegations
daddy
no me gusta pilot s find them you do
good so bad oh so gross
he's literally was - there yes I got it
Joe Bereta is in the store so I've been
watching transporter 2 and Joe Brett is
in that KFC commercial and the first
time he came on yeah I got just a little
bit of that I was like I can't where's
my camera
anyways I got him that time yes go me
I'm fast like foot draw from John McGraw
but it's like a like a six-shooter of
the old westerns with a flip cam I'm the
fastest camera in the West
I know you don't wanna hear this
we're still trying to get this basement
clean it's almost like even funny
anymore it's like a little funny at
first what is the problem why do we have
so much stuff well a lot of it is
Carly's that is true that is true
that's all were thrown out what's new TV
oh it's the TV the power button doesn't
work it was my yeah you're like six
right when you watch - yeah Carly's
living with us as you know so a lot of
her stuff is here so that's the giant
job of consolidation get rid of
everything I've already talked about
that but what I really talked to you
guys about is the station you know it's
happening tomorrow yes what you said a
moat like like the Little River thing
that's around a castle you guys the
station is getting a moat tomorrow
there's been a lot of a lot of Genghis
Khan's soldiers have been coming into
our castle lately and sort of work
tomorrow at the station we're digging a
moat hey what happened to our wall right
there who's the true shade turns and
don't answer
who's a true Shaytards fan how long ago
do we talking about that who knows what
happened to our wall right there if
you're a true Shaytards fan you will
know okay so the station tomorrow has
we're uploading the video and that is me
the start of the station starting to
upload videos we literally have I hide
even know how many like 50 videos that
are shot edited and ready to upload in
the can as they say in the biz we have
about 50 videos in the can readiness or
uploading you making fun of me
oh thank you I love when you do that so
tomorrow right now actually if you are
watching this video this new station
video is up and we're just gonna start
uploading videos probably one to a week
at first and then by this summer it
could be three a week or more just
depending on what we you know what we
decide to launch and stuff so this is
the end of the Shaytards video for today
me Mommy tart are going to attack this
little sure fest right here but you guys
right after this video go over the
station links in this haha my pants
links in my pants honey hey gonna check
out the link in my pants what oh you
check out the legs of the station not
the link in my car like what are you
doing what in here get your butt in now
I can build my new I can say that okay I
gotta go you guys go check out the news
station video links Oh
OBS by the way I got a new shirt from
Charles Trippy should I open it right
now it's right now
I ordered this on his website yeah
Charles Trippy shirt roflcopter
roflcopter Punk why did you not order oh
I did um thanks Charles for senator this
for my wife I got I got double
extra-large because I know you're
pregnant Kate watch the station video
right now love you guys
