so or on the our on the PCH that's the
Pacific Coast Highway and we're like we
have a convertible we have to drive down
the coast
with the top down but we're like it's
kinda cold outside so mommy brought her
her bundled up here and we're rocking
the heater on high blast and though we
got the top down just because we have a
convertible so we're like we gotta do it
we got a ride down the coast with the
convertible down but the convertible
though we're having fun though that's
what we're doing mommy tard naughty
naughty
there I want to put yours out the window
but I know the wind has just kills the
cameras like you guys would go through a
nobody
like that's cool he's ready isn't that
fun he's ready for some more California
wind yeah that was awesome turn down
your speaker's ready
okay sorry no more California with
truckers
smellivision oh it smells so good this
school we're talking about living in
California it's like you know you you're
working all day we're shooting videos
all day at the station and looks like
tiring and element like nine hours day
or whatever I mean you liberated
whatever job you had you know stressful
it's the end of the day and then you go
out to dinner at a nice restaurant on
the beach and it just smells like it
smells like a vacation
you've got the palm trees you got the
ocean breeze blowing in I think it'd be
late hear that yeah it sucks that and I
think we probably did that too while we
lived here you start it's just a true up
for anything it's just human nature you
start to take things for granted and
where we haven't been here we came back
and it's like oh man this is so nice
like it feels like a little like mini
vacation when you go out to dinner on
the ocean with palm trees and that's I
guess that's why everybody moves here
that's why it Los Angeles is so freakin
crowded because of that I assume I mean
that's part of the appeal but uh it's
nice it's nice here I don't know if
we'll ever move back but that's nice to
visit it's definitely nice to visit do
you miss the kids
yeah give us the kid tarts we missed the
kid tarts my mom called me tonight she's
like well son tardis here sleeping with
me tonight
she takes him to school in the morning
and he just said his prayers and he said
and bless mommy and daddy in California
that they'll be saved
it's like oh um anyways
that's where we went last time I ran on
the beach do I do that again or is it
too cold okay we've been talking too
long we're driving with the top down in
California yes who is having the time of
their life here this is so much for easy
oh my you'd beat it start there okay
explain to where we're at what's going
on there I don't know we don't have
those night of oh thank you for whenever
you want on it it's all self-serve they
have all these different flavors green
apple lemon breeze just peach mango
delay cookies and cream and it's also
served as much as you want it here and
then they just charged by the colleague
oh no her for she's usually not that fat
you guys I'm sorry
we're tutti fruiti again there's mine
there's mommy's I was enjoying them
yeah me too
we do okay so this is going to be a
short quick video because we have to
travel all day tomorrow starting like
5:00 our flight leaves at 7:30 we're
gonna give them 5 maybe a full day of
traveling tomorrow so I were to put -
love you guys see you tomorrow
