the kitties happy oh shoot anyways we're
gonna go skiing we did already and kids
are gonna come twice I'm walking here
good morning good morning good morning
it's another beautiful day kids getting
ready for school how are you feeling
about school right now maybe I worried
regular yeah you're not quite to the
point where you're like I'm ready for
school to be over cuz it's not even I
mean it's mark she's been getting ready
for a talent show though you want to
tell them what you're gonna do for the
talent show
let's cheer like it's kind of like I
would call it a stunt group a cheer
stunt group yeah no we haven't seen it
all yet she does flips and stuff and
easy I'm very proud of her she put this
all together herself she looked online
to where she could order shirts that say
like they're cheerleading
being on it so she's been really working
hard on getting this cheer stunt group
together I'm very proud of her oh yeah
mm-hmm well it's fun to work together
with friends and accomplish something
fun together and Emmy is gonna do the
talent show - I don't know exactly what
she's gonna do yet she has a couple
ideas I think that her engaged might
sing a song I don't know yeah they're
planning on singing a song so it's
exciting you guys see heels are rascal
and he got skunked him and Bronx got
sculpt and shaded a really good job of
washing him we bathed them in like
tomato juice and scrubbed him really
good with dog wash but his collar it
stinks and I've bleached it and I put it
through the dishwasher so I think it
might be time to just throw it out it's
gross
you know and then and then and then
after he gets all bathed and beautiful
last night he rolls in capo 1 I don't
understand do not get it what is it
about dogs that make them on a roll in
cow poo it
so anyways he's been sleeping in the
garage yeah anyways your shoes don't go
on the counter just saying just you
should put them on your feet all right
well we got cow poo skunks and
cheerleading nevermind that was weird
that's a bad dream
alright kids drop to school now we need
to tackle this mess what are you doing
you're being cool is that your singing
why are you being so cool right now
is it because you have a trixin hat on
or because you have a Shay chart shirt
on or both because that's super cool
you got a wrinkle and seen he's a
natural-born performer he takes after
his father
I mean I guess I have a little bit of
that too your parents gave you the best
the best qualities didn't they just
kidding he's just cool because right
here you are so being cool okay yeah
there got it
am I being corner I'm being cool I'm
being cool hi baby we're being baby Miko
my phone's ringing hey guys we're
filming the moms you up my house
yes delay is oh this is one of the new
tricks and shirts I'm of the business
seen it I had loved this so much it's so
soft
it's soft like butter it's really light
and you know what I'm excited about is
it's a good summer shirt because it gets
really hot yeah I am so hide in the
closet my dad's closet soup cheese let
me know Oh
I seriously just put that up for the
whole world i hiding in the closet in
case you'd like my parents are looking
for me my change like yeah she's in the
closet again remember ever sticking
stuff up my nose that's good wait why'd
you throw your net session I did rubber
cement rubber cement that explains so
much I love it not note we probably
won't be talking about that specifically
on the mom's view but come watch the mom
seal we've got a lot of good it's true I
don't remember doing that but maybe I
did and this is a clip that's so
windblown that you can't hear anything
but I'll tell you what's happening but
you can see it Gavin's taking a picture
of the new happiness is a choice tricks
in Turin that's coming out tomorrow on
my birthday March 5th so check it out it
took some calm anyways the winds really
bad and axton's in a bad mood so he's
like grunt because if you know what I'm
talking about from the happiness is pay
weight happy news having his toys
painting he's grumpy and it's windy okay
cut do another clip that's not so windy
bye
alright this little blue dot needed a
granola bar yeah it's a little cold it's
hard when it's cold I'm sorry
actually you do okay are you learning
how to play a game she's showing me the
ropes of its bike game you know I tell
myself I'm gonna delete those but it's
just so cute to watch and try you sure
laughs like are you finally a yellow dot
know you're the yellow triangle instead
of the blue dot
all right fast forward hey we're here at
the cabin with Colette and the kids
test test low-light happy birthday Shay
it's your birthday is this what you
wanted a really cute live with a great
teeth you crazy girl you're crazy all
right
we're testing out a new camera I lost
canon this is a Sony do you see a
difference in quality can you tell that
I'm biting Colette's foot don't feel bad
hey we're at a cabin for my birthday
I turned 36 years old tomorrow can you
believe it it is zoom in on us
Howie Casey nice day anyways we're gonna
go ski and we did already and kids are
gonna come to us I'm walking here did
you hear that these little sight things
on the camera for the strap they like
jiggle around and mess up the audio
please hear that dude hiss
but it
oh yeah hey hi let's meet that's my fear
that's my facing anyways new camera
we're in a cabin it's my birthday happy
birthday to me and I'll see you tomorrow
oops let me use this new camera
the share
Oh
