okay so we're headed to the store to do
some shopping and I just realized that I
forgot to ever tell you guys the the
granite video yesterday when I was from
the dentist because I was so freaking
out of it from the Laughing the nitrous
and the VidCon and the vicodin I can't
think it had so funny but it's not
because I'm still on vicodin I'm on
VidCon vicodin okay so here's the story
about that dentist office couple years
ago when I worked at the granite place I
worked for a guy who was like a big
businessman in town right he had hit
real estate you know he was a builder he
had a cabinet shop he had a granite shop
he did excavating he didn't paid me he
did a ton of stuff so he's this big dude
and he does all this all this business
with all the other guys in town and this
other dude he's a Chinese guy he owns
all the Chinese restaurants in town
right so it's like these two big
business dudes who basically employ
I mean not a majority of people in town
but they employ a lot of people that
work in the town that we live in so I
just gotten this job probably like two
or three weeks and I had already done
granted he hired me because he had just
started his granite branch of his
business and so he wanted me to kind of
like train the other guys how to do
granite so it's late at night it's like
6:30 at night and we have to get this
job done because my boss knows the guy
who is the dentist or something like
that and we have to get the job done
it's late at night and the guy who owns
the Chinese food restaurants his name is
poo I don't know how exactly I always
spelled it but the first time he
introduced himself he's like hi I'm poo
and I'm like what what poo oh okay hi
poo thought it was funny so we're
sitting there work and there's probably
like four of us guys that are sitting
there working on this job and then my
boss and the guy who owns the Chinese
food restaurants poo and he would always
feed us this really nice guy you'd
always give us food for free and stuff
whenever we'd work you know by any of
his job
sure stuff anything like that okay long
story short I don't know why I'm giving
this such a big buildup we're sitting
there working and who says to my boss
hey do you want anything to eat
my boss goes no that's all right I
already ate poo and without even
thinking without even filtering I just
go oh you eat poo nobody laughed
nobody's smiled both my boss and the poo
guy just sat there and the four guys I
was working with all looked at me like
what in the hell are you saying and I
start laughing like red guys - he no no
nobody one guy I gotta admit one guy was
like but he like held it back and I was
the only one who's cracking up and so I
like stopped immediately sounds like oh
that wasn't funny but then the more I'm
sitting there like I put my head down I
just keep going back to work the more
they're thinking about it the more I
start to laugh cuz I'm like that what's
funny
hee-hoo and it just became funny because
nobody else was laughing so that made it
funnier to me and I just like I
literally had to leave the room because
I was like I'm gonna get fired I've
worked over three weeks and I'm I'm
telling my boss eats too anyways that
was in that dentist office what's that
yeah and I was still cracking up and
they weren't even laughing and I was
like oh boy anyways that's the story
about that dentist office when we went
there yesterday morning I was like I've
been here before
almost got fired here once anyways we're
going to the store to Bisons that we'll
be by have a filling destinies about to
be made oh no is it too long maybe like
Marty McFly and hit the button on the
end it goes beast remember Back to the
Future
have you not seen that movie yet
probably not let's see dude huh
turn around you like that that's sweet
loving it now we're going to the girls
favorite place in the world the mall and
Sun tart and I hate it because we're
boys boys are supposed to hate them all
genetically encoded into our DNA it's
the hate molecule on the third strand of
the G note I think which nodes got my G
nodes okay this is the hurricane
simulator apparently it's Timmy
stimulates it simulates a hurricane this
work it work yeah yeah all right you
guys ready let's try it there we go
you want to go coop we're gonna go in
the simulator I know they're gonna
hurricane over okay
we have a dilemma there's three children
that want to make a wish but there's
only two pennies to throw in people just
took them both so how do we decide who
gets a penny who doesn't
what about baby tired maybe her doesn't
get a penny that's not very nice
here's what we're gonna do it's gotta be
a foot race you guys everybody back here
come on come on let's go everybody back
here charms out scoot out we got so your
arms length apart Cooper scoot this way
skew this way okay here's what we're
gonna do on the count of three you guys
are gonna run the first two to the
fountain to get the pennies wins the two
pennies okay you guys ready on your
marks
if you run as fast as you can get set go
and I was just kidding I actually have
two more pennies I just wanted to get
the competition spirit in your blood
okay here you go
click the start did you get one are you
gonna cry are you gonna cry are you
gonna wipe that frown off your face okay
baby turn there you go there you go wait
wait don't do this I want to watch
you guys okay now listen think about
what's gonna wish for it and throw it in
don't tell us where it won't come true
they throw it in the water okay nice and
this is the mall on a Friday night go go
we live in the biggest town in America
me and Carly style are gonna race come
on I'll give you I'll give you five
dollars if you can beat me you're an
extra leader
I'm a fat loser let's see gonna beat me
here we go you're filming
you know you're not about thinking on
your own dad winning and ever since that
day shaycarl was banned to sis evil a
magical place of flowers and dandelions
and unicorns because he lost a footrace
to his little sister
