hey Apple hey Apple
hey Apple hey Apple hi I'm vlogging here
check me out in the new episode of
Annoying Orange Oh will of DC tomorrow
the will of DC I love you is that some
yeah who that is it's the will of DC he
does a new show about YouTube he is like
the one place you need to go teach your
information about youtube if you guys
are wondering or we have if you guys I
don't know how many of you guys are like
constantly on YouTube because there's
some of you who just kind of come in
every once in a while check out a few
videos and then you do other stuff but
there's some of you who are like in the
community who are like know everything
that's going on and you're watching all
the stuff and you read the tweets I if I
were you that kind of person I would
listen or go subscribe to the will of DC
this dude here he does YouTube winners
and losers he talks about who the most
subscribed people of the week are it's
like this week the real Annoying Orange
got 50,000 subscribers this week they're
the number one subscribed this week on
YouTube so anyways he does a lot of cool
news and stats and data and stuff like
that
and he just he called the links in the
sidebar the underbar guess that's what
most people are calling it but I was on
Twitter the other day and Alan D Stroh I
don't know if you guys know who follow
up on him destroy us he tweeted about
somebody saying that it's what they say
in the pants bar because like look you
like you're looking at me so below here
where the underbar is it's like it's my
pants right so they called it the pants
bar I was like oh that's hilarious I
wouldn't I would never want to use that
I want that to be mine so I tweeted Alan
and I asked him who it was that said
that and he said it was Mach 712 is
there Twitter ma CH 712 who's also known
on YouTube has 8 tails so if you guys
know who that is I'm gonna check him out
right now but I am gonna steal it
because I think it's funny I'm gonna
steal that joke and from that one links
are in my pants okay so if I'm ever
talking about like will the will of DC I
will put his link in my pants so if you
want to check out the who LDC check out
the link in my pants
anyways I just here in my office hanging
out what we gonna I have to go to the
dentist tomorrow I'm so not looking
forward to that
I tore that Genesis 7:30 and get a major
root canal and get a cap I put on my
tooth so I have to get to bed early what
are you doing hey hey hi where's Carly
style out was she doing listen to a
meeting okay anyway so mommy Tori what
time I have to be at my dentist
appointment what what
tomorrow night um I'm going to soccer
practice I know are you excited he's so
good we've been practicing a lot I have
to admit to you guys I'm kind of a wuss
there's this place called sedation
dentistry where you basically take these
pills do like the valium cuz when I was
a kid when I was like 16 I got a root
canal I got another root canal on this
side I know I brush like Tia I just
think I have soft teeth and the guy that
gift me he didn't know became my tooth
right I don't think cuz when they were
like cleaning out the root he kept
hitting my nerve and I was like and I
didn't say anything like I didn't tell
him that I hurt because I just thought
that teller was supposed to be I just
thought oh it's the dentist it's
supposed to be the worst pain of your
life well afterwards he's like never
that hurt did it I'm like yeah and hurt
really really bad and he got to looking
and he realized he didn't numb me
exactly right so now I have like this
fear of the dentist so I told my wife I
said can I get sedation dentistry so I
take this little pill tonight and then I
take another one in the morning and I'm
gonna be passed out as they do it I'm
kind of glad for that cuz this - it
needs it really bad it's so pathetic
I'm sorry I'm a loser links in my pants
morning
I don't know I was coming to this
dentist today but there is a hilarious
story about this tennis I actually did
the granite inside this place I'll have
it tell about I'll tell you about it
after I'm done okay that granite I did
that this is one of my job check out
that quality hey Carl's with
craftsmanship right there baby
oh nice boom those edges when I'm done
give me my two things I'll tell you guys
a story it's hilarious it's really
pretty funny I know because I'm gonna be
kind of like drunk off of the medicine
so it'll be funny once we came out oh
it's so cool it's like I'm seeing my old
baby you know it's like I remember
putting you in here please daddy missed
you if he did oh I love you baby
so I'm here in the chair and they're
telling me it's gonna hurt really bad
that's who doc no that's like a very I'm
excited got a lot of laughing going on
in here that's what I like ladies
looking hot this morning
you guys leave in the comments you look
hot right okay robots get started this
is me oh stop so let's call pretty I'll
be up pre-op I look a lot better post-op
here's my friend this always reminds me
from the movie the flight of the
navigator remember that they had that
silver ship the little head would come
out and say compliance do you guys what
I'm talking about leave in the comments
below anyways here we go got the good
stuff
okay I'm out of
I don't wanna talk about it
the good news is it took six hours
though time we get there 7:30 I got
there at 7:30 and it's 2:15 to the Mara
it's like 700 hours are the headache my
tooth hurts
he gave me vicodin though let's go get
it how much do I get do I have it all
today all the vicodin today
um what's weird like I was out I woke up
and I was choking to death
does it get bad dream they said the
rubber dam broke and all this stuff like
whenever my throat and I woke up like
coughing and I was like so disoriented I
said where am I I had like headphones on
and glasses and an apron and I was like
there's all this crap on me and there's
a black strikes I was like but they were
really nice they're really cool they
they let me film in there and they
laughed at my jokes and that makes me
like but the dude looks a lot better
than it did so I gotta brush your teeth
kids his Dennis aren't fun sometimes
anyways they did a good job though I had
a lot of fun there I kept making jokes
and they were laughing and it's good
wasn't that bad other than the rubber
dam broke other than that it was like I
was in there I was shocked when they
said I was there six hours so it only
felt like
glad to have a fix that's for sure
that's just gonna get worse long longer
you wait so do you guys have dental
problems go fix him now they'll just get
worse longer you wait trust me I know
I'm an ex I always like after the kids
have been out in the backyard for like
20 30 minutes I was like what are they
doing out there I like to sneak out and
try to spy on a little bit to see what
they're doing
Oh busted what's up dudes what are you
doing let's see your new cleats new shin
guards we're supposed to get socks to go
over your shin guards that looks pretty
good
Oh mommy tart said that they go they go
yeah no mom eater doesn't know what
she's talking about the socks you need
socks that go over the shin guards it'll
hold them in place better trust me here
watch pull your shorts up let me show
you get sim card on it shouldn't hurt
come on get it get it
no touching with sticks it's against the
soccer rules that's to me Center I'm on
your team
nice shot here comes all right Cooper
you know things are getting bad when the
kids don't play the toys anymore they
want a film they take turns saying dad
it's my turn the film with Snyder into
film
all right here this is print the starred
the loggerhead he ready steady right
give it a steady right on daddy I'm
gonna move around faster you try to keep
it on me k these two fight like cats and
dogs
or like two two-year-olds don't you guys
you guys are always fighting the other
day they pointed to mommies hard I'm
mommy tard Carly we're sitting at the
table and maybe tired goes up Katie
latin Gus my mommy and Cooper goes up to
Carly goes my mommy and I just back and
forth my mommy my mommy it's like yeah
we get it they're both your mom's you
guys don't need to yell at each other
but they like scream at each other it's
almost hilarious
don't ask I don't know why but she
wanted to get on there FK come here you
gotta jump to me
hold on wait wait wait wait Sunfire
Kumar you filmed this what I teach the
kids I probably shouldn't do oh well
they do you do could do hey hey hey we
go ascent arts first soccer practice
and this is a little crazy for me
because I remember playing we lived in
Phoenix Arizona when I was growing up
and I remember Cohen and one of my first
soccer practices I was all nervous like
kids like me or I'm not any good what if
I can't kick the ball you nervous you're
nervous don't be nervous we're gonna
have a blast okay you get your new
cleats your shin guards on we still need
to get your socks to cover up your shin
guards but they'll do from now they'll
do in a pinch all right dude I want you
to go out there here's number one rules
okay number one rule you're there to
have fun
second rule it's not fun if you don't
win
third rule don't touch the ball with
your hands unless you're the goalie
right fourth rule no making out with
girls while you're playing soccer you
got that okay repeat the rules to me
what are they that's number three what's
the number one rule
does he
so just having fun right the number one
rule is to have fun number two rule it's
not fun if you're not winning number
three number four
all right you're set
bitch I could beat everybody out here I
know what I'm doing this liking it today
Shinhwa okay hey hey watch it watch it
buddy boy I'm scouting the competition
out here yeah every one of these little
brats I can take them all then I'd eat
them afterwards
ha ha ha ha Malik I'd be so competitive
cheese
