so you are not watching the show just to
the family and just because you also let
it be clear here hi hey guys so just a
little heads up so yeah I mean I
shouldn't even said that because that's
from the other day shirt that's not from
this two days floor yesterday okay so
that's it's yeah I'm just editing right
now and I just off the bike are you
getting on the roof for plumbing because
there's a vent and it's a there's a tea
inside the houses and go straight down
through the vent with the snake face
serious come on daddy
I never come on
maybe it's time to invest in the ladder
yeah that was a lot easier that's the
snake inside the wall okay so see the
drain is getting clogged and we've taken
off all these pipes and what we found
out is back here you can't really see it
but there's a tee like the pipe goes
over into the wall and then it goes
straight down and then straight up so
he's on the roof putting the snake
straight down the pipe and we're trying
to clear it out because the water is not
draining so what the father-and-son
plumbing outing it's still clogged okay
ready
okay drill baby drill you're doing some
offshore drilling right now are you
gonna jump off the roof and I'm gonna
catch you in my arms gonna get there
what scrap I'll do it up there try and
get the snake out baby tar what's
grandpa doing up on the roof
what's grandpa doing up on the roof is
he doing on the roof thank you
you want to go on the roof and what did
you follow good doot doot doot doot doot
really to do well this isn't at all like
it was riding right next to the ocean
but we're on a bike ride and you just
raining up dog coming hey I put the
camera away it's raining
why are we writing in the rain don't ask
me
on target I said dude I'll just wait
till after the rain he goes why we got
coats right
okay let's go ride in the rain so here's
what we're doing are they red let me see
him
yeah they look red it's freezing out
here huh look maybe we'll go surfing
next what do you think maybe do some
hits and waves hit some waves in the
rain gutters uh-huh freezing my hands
are cold I have to go inside and get
some hot cocoa
oh well hello mr. president
what are some of the first bills you're
gonna pass into Congress what are your
policies what are your policies sounds
like most presidents can wear let's see
that suit code did you look in splash
centaur likes his suit coat sorry where
is it you we're gonna go to the movies
if you can't wear that to the movies
like we're going with the red carpet or
something
all right so tarde is very fashionable
and he he knows it
let's see the sleigh bells ringing ting
ting ting linked
you know it's lovely weather for a
sleigh ride together with you is not it
slush that cullinan somebody's saying
you who we you know it's lovely weather
for April weather in Idaho get excited
Santa's coming tonight and then we're
ghosts letting tomorrow and then we're
gonna go ice fishing and drink hot
waffle cider yeah welcome to springtime
in Idaho
craziness Christ we're going to the
movies and nobody's gonna stop us I
swear nothing it stops oh holy crap what
do you say baby turn baby turn just goes
crap you watch your language young lady
you watch your language you'll wash it
out with no good let's go hurry it's
freezin it's getting in the van write a
phrase come on come on
crap monster bra you have a dirty mind
we just walked we just walked into here
and Princess turns Saudis and she goes
oh and mommy card goes sorry laughing
what were you thinking about good how
are you what is this what is this you
guys it's a what a sport good why is it
a sport it's combinations that's right
so what would you call a rake and a
shovel that were combined together
a shake rubble a revelry a shake or a
rubble a shake or rubble a rebel you
ready yes I'm ready dad oh okay we're
have to got in the snow
you're gonna be cold put your hood on
put your hood on that's gonna get in all
your ears me and you have to park the
van we dropped the other kids and mommy
off ready get your hood on come on get
it on that little blonde head of yours
you got it almost you're gonna be cold
are you gonna be cold
yeah okay here we go give them your
ticket yeah okay what'd you think about
the movie you liked it puts the started
you think you liked it and daddy fell
asleep the first 45 minutes I'm so tired
I just could not I was like trying to
stay awake and then mommy turn elbows
make your snoring sorry yes
