so login here honey honey honey honey it
just came
honey honey honey my new egg it's less
than that's the name of the place oh
yeah no new egg it's a website where
your order stuff Oh jeepers okay so I
ordered this new camera so tower you
filmed me okay so I got this new camera
and it's supposed to be really nice yeah
Phil Phil has one and Justine have one
and they say they love it so I got one
too I know such a follower to follower
it's called the canon vixia hf s what
does it stand for
heavy fat shame 11 that's the camera I
got means you say mean that's mean
come see that it comes daddy Canon HD
I'm excited me that's a sweet lens yeah
we're gonna be shooting more videos on
this because it's just a little bit of a
nicer camera probably not like the
everyday vlogs but like shaycarl videos
and like other things I want to be
really nice we're gonna do on this baby
so sweet I'm excited new camera these
are things I get excited for yeah baby
toe what do you get excited for any time
what are you getting excited for new
camera okay careful dude yeah Hugo's
Idaho be very careful with that okay
okay let me let's joke it's just an that
okay that's okay come at it too daddy
these are the benches that have the air
in them you know like they have the air
in them so when I when I sit down and
watch one with hard ready
remember that song vanilla a song it was
a mid average night backstage of this
show I saw this cutie
that was a naughty song here's my
blessing
you may remember that song Vanilla Ice
take it one time oh yeah it was not ever
listening to it like I was 12 or 13 I
was like trouble this way naughty you
don't listen to anything naughty you're
such a good girl
don't ever do anything naughty nothing
naughty for mommy tarts
no not eNOS here so annoying when people
order the fajitas everybody in the
restaurant there's
walk everywhere you're ruining everybody
else's meal by this you have the noodles
noodles we're just sitting here and one
of the waitresses brings over this note
probably read it writes we love you guys
so much present we didn't want to
interrupt your family luncheon you plug
it welcome back - I know love Bonnie and
Michelle there's a fashion situation
that needs some Carla style involves an
old man and Nike sweat man where's
somebody in here the restaurant you guys
come saying I don't be shy thanks for
the note kissing thanks for the note
yeah it was that the Carly style
bufflehead - hair cut the nice notes the
napkin note and they even actually sent
me a dailybooth picture last night of a
snow box like it's snow in Idaho and so
they made a dailybooth picture of
snowballs noise okay now we're gonna
take a picture so bye
okay guys what's my favorite word who is
my favorite word that's right
package package if you've never heard me
said before my favorite word is package
cuz I love the way that it sounds
and I love what it means I got a package
I'll go to package okay so the other
night it was like 3:00 in the morning
and I was sitting
in my lair my mancave and I was like I
was looking at other youtubers shirts
people that sell shirts you know on
their YouTube and I was like I want to
see I'm gonna order a bunch of these
shirts and see whose shirt gets to me
the fastest because I was like so
stressed out we sent out our beard tart
shirts and we did it all on our own and
some youtubers they have people do it
for them and send them send it out on
their own so I just thought I'm gonna
order like five or six just whoever I
could think of off the top of my mind
that sold t-shirts
and today the first one arrived so I
don't knows whose it is yet but you were
gonna open it together and see whose
shirt got here the fastest it was like I
don't know what I was thinking it was
3:00 in the morning I was born I was
like it'd be interesting to have like a
race a YouTube shirt race so here we go
let's open this package comes in a green
thing what is this your order personally
checked out I don't that I'm opening it
up please stay tuned hi
you can ask I J hey hey you can so it
looks like I just Dean is the big winner
with her hey hey you can ask i J shirt
in the in the heather gray 2 XL size so
good job I just seen you're the t-shirt
YouTube winner now I want my 15 dollars
back okay so whenever mommy target goes
shopping she's like I want to show you
what I got and I'm like I'll just see it
later and she's like no I want to show
you she always makes me she always makes
me sit down and she always wants like
present it to me like it's like look at
oh by the way look what shirt I got I
got I got I J shirt hey hey you can ask
i J okay so let's see what is this we
have daughters exciting I thought they
were just clubs around you others were
princess hard are we gonna bring them
down and show it to them at the same
time are you gonna give them some right
now
for baby tard is so pretty they have a
little pink cardigan by the way BTW
special $10 exact same dress at Fred
Meyer
no no kidding
shut your freaking mouth oh wait a
minute wait a minute how much was that
this is it said normally Kmart was 19
but on sell for 10 and you saw this same
one at frame I ever fit Fred Meyer
different tag on it this is a Kmart cap
different tag on it you sure the same
dress yes how is that possible
same town different store Fred Meyer you
bunch of punks so princess started to
have the same one okay go get him let's
let's show it shows how long it's gonna
last
we almost okay let's see it move it on
oh so pretty you know I foresee I think
so effing cute I bet your princess I
don't want that one more dad's the same
one let's see let's let's see yell at
him and bring him down here okay let's
see what the girls say about their new
dresses for Easter they're coming down
here here's what we're gonna do what
we're just gonna show them and we'll see
which one princess card goes to I bet
200 bucks she'll want that one so turn
happy Easter look we got you a dress oh
yeah that's yours you're gonna wear it
oh you girls get your butts down here
hurry up get your little butts down here
and look at your Easter dresses hustle
up you better like them or daddy's gonna
kick you right in the face oh that's not
very nice
that one's yours and that one's started
it's so pretty
Simon think what do you guys think are
you happy by your Easter dresses do you
love them maybe tired baby tired hey do
you like your Easter dress do you love
it yeah all right good okay let's see
him wear him are they wearing them today
because tomorrow okay by the way we live
in Idaho now so the sandals they're not
gonna work yeah it's there's snow
outside
Obama at the Easter
