hi hi welcome today's Shaytards video we
hope you enjoy here's the situation I'm
in Utah without a vlog camera last time
I went to Los Angeles
I lost my vlog camera so Collette has
the other one am I really gonna let him
do this I had to come down here last
night for a tricks and clothing YouTube
video for a new and upcoming design not
this one but this is a new upcoming
design and so I'm here in Salt Lake and
Colette's at home with the kids but it's
my birthday weekend and they're coming
down here so we can go skiing because
we're renting a cabin for my birthday so
let's let's go right now
to Collette and the kids and then you
guys can come back and I'll show you the
swimming pool okay okay bye hey
okay I'm filming you want to show them
your tattoos say I'm trying to be like
Charles Trippy you won't be like Charles
drip-a yeah yeah yeah you're so cute
well you kind of stink should go change
you hmm
yeah no what is it about babies when
they're stinky they don't want to be
changed they just like sitting in it do
you like sitting in your own poop you
don't like it then why don't you want a
bun change you want me to change your
bum it'll be all fresh and clean you
want your bum to smell pretty
yeah I'd want your bum to smell stink
mmm done a pretty smell hmm you want
pump smell good
hmm do you want to pinch your nose yeah
pinch your nose ha ha ha thank you
no yeah mmm okay so go take your bomb
you like students sitting in your stinky
bomb yeah
you do like it yeah weird oh that's
gross
guys how's it going today how are you
guys doing it's later in the day I
haven't picked up the camera very much
today I don't think I did it all today
actually did I
I don't think I did it was a beautiful
day I felt like I was getting a hold but
I think I think I'm okay it's all in
your mind that's what I'm realizing like
gotta think positive you've got to take
care of yourself like don't just like
think you're not getting sick and then
just keep working really hard and not
take a break but you got to listen to
your body and then think positively and
I think that that will help in the
healing process so I'm not going sick I
just need to rest a little bit and then
I'll be fine yes do you want a bun
change now when are you gonna want a bun
change hi whoa okay it's made lip scrub
okay wait listen who taught you how to
make lip scrub AVS and who taught her
mom Kelly and Kaylee and guess what it's
not to eat that can't be no you okay so
well here I'll show you
I know it is early it soaks in and then
you can do it but you can't just do it
all day long so listen aunt Kaylee makes
this really really awesome lip stuff but
she actually did a tutorial on the mom
so if you want to go see it and it's
like a sugar lip scrub it's really good
because you can you scrub your lips with
it now like exfoliates and then you can
lick it off and it tastes really good
but the kids learn how to make it and
know and now they just like get a little
spoon and eat it right no don't - bleats
you your stinky butt huh cookie you
bud look I'll cut not funny okay okay
let's go change you and you stop eating
the lip scrub seriously yeah not a bad
view if I do say so myself the pool was
a little bit closer I could jump into
the deep end would that be inappropriate
I've always wanted to do that I want to
jump off a hotel like balcony into a
swimming pool it's not possible does
anybody know of any establishments that
let you jump off of the balcony into the
swimming pool because I'd like her I'd
like to rent a room there it's not
possible with this view all right I'm
going skiing today guys you know that I
love to ski and the snow is melting
because springtime is here and the
freaking groundhog said that we can't
ski anymore I'm gonna drown him in that
pool
I'm sorry mr. groundhog and
kind of drowned you in the pool I was
just saying that you know I just want
more winner that's all I'm saying I like
precipitation I like to write down it
with the gravity and the edges on my
skis let's go all right what is this
game working out gang oh I don't know
how comfortable I am with you doing
things
come on tight what are you eating
okay Daxton we dried some new fruits you
want to tell them what fruits we dried
yeah what's that
mmm it's a plum Oh some chick huh do you
like it no it's a little hard that one's
a little overdone okay so we dried plums
peaches blueberries pineapples oranges
and strawberries
did you try all of those things did you
like them all I don't know did you try
the pineapples yeah good what's your
favorite thing we've dried so far I'm
diggin it thinkin I'm thinkin and think
think you know why should do what toys
pineapples are your favorite oh goodness
I thought you hit your head did you hit
your head it's not a bug oh it is above
he doesn't like bugs all right so I
gotta pack up all my stuff get my truck
and then I'm gonna head up to the
mountain and then collapse and wait for
the kids to get out of school then
they're gonna come down later today okay
I'm watching hi Emmy what was your
favorite thing that we've dried so far
hey where's mommy well because you're
allergic Why What plums you like plums
they were a little tart yes there was no
there was plums peaches oranges bananas
blueberries strawberries what yep
oh wow that was good
I knew those were the best yeah Emmys a
little bit allergic
she gets a little itchy tongue you know
what I don't care I'm doing what you
just kid
that's pretty high are you sure yeah
what if his song did it before
oh that hurt your feet oh he's scared of
the budget he jumps but he doesn't want
to touch the bug watch this okay that is
really really high I'm not sure how I
feel about that yeah hey don't hurt
yourself please
maybe you should oh hey oh that made my
brush a yes you did
for your feet okay yeah Wow when they
get snap okay okay well look who wants
to be just like you
all right show me what you're gonna
smash the bug Oh what are you gonna do
it was already hit ain't gonna jump hey
my buddy but I'm moving back okay go no
don't do it for how your brothers doing
it taxed and don't that's too high
that's too high I don't know is that too
high for you no you know what yes do it
you got to do it right here no that's
too high what's your taxes I'm doing it
hi okay I guess it's not too high for
you I have a hard time I don't want to
discourage them but it definitely makes
me I don't want to scourge them inside
out create fear rot they already have
that you want them to have to keep it up
to fly okay whoa okay
it's gonna fight why not alright I'm
headed up to the mountain going ski and
I'm so excited this is gonna be the best
birthday weekend ever
oh crap I'm vlogging and driving I
haven't done that well I'm not supposed
to do that I gotta go buy an Emmy and uh
sorry haha I almost called you idiots I
called you Amy ready ready okay yeah
ready
no yes mm-hmm
we're still ready are you guys ready
Cate well that's a little too high
Rach but before I go would you just look
at it
would you just what look at it would you
just look at it oh just look at her I
know I know
no you're fearless but am I really gonna
let him do this Oh Rach Butler okay no
more that was awesome and amazing you
are really high yeah yeah are you okay
oh my goodness
oh did I hurt your foot okay no more
jumping I okay okay you want to do
another job just don't go up as high
okay hey that's pretty good I think
that's okay I seriously have the
craziest kid but you know why you know
who their daddy is I'm gonna do a cool
trick on my skis today maybe a pop OH
uly4 yeah he's - he'll be three this
year I just think that's pretty brave I
think you're pretty brave Daxton yeah
kind of high five
I love you bye see you guys we wipe your
nose what we wipe your nose
alrighty I feel great got a workout this
morning I did a live workout with
Colette and Monica on the shayloss
Channel and so I'm feeling good filling
my like my legs are stretched out now
I'm gonna ski well the older kids are
working on homework and such so they
have to be banned from the blogs until
they finish their homework that's not
really good okay no more remember no
more - highs that's too high I saw the
one I already filmed you gone really
high hmm okay okay one more wait no stop
no I just wanna peek there's question I
get one grounded I'm watching Oh put the
feet up I'm gonna great
no you just go five wait stop and go
he's losing it Pete what do you think
okay just go all right everybody up here
at the ski mountain I didn't tell you
guys but my good buddy John from Gibson
heard that I was trying to play guitar
left-handed look what he sent me
I just got this well it was in the back
of my truck this box and I rode down
here and I just thought I'd show you
guys thanks John from Gibson dude I'm in
a jam with this guitar
yeah okay anyways we're going skiing
that's my birthday
see you guys tomorrow whoa I just want
you to hurt your feet did you get carpet
in your mouth
keep in mind the bug was right there
that's gross
too sour yo yo yo thanks for watching
today's vlog sorry it was a little janky
I lost my camera I know yell at me
that's what is that 50 vlog cameras I've
lost no I wouldn't doubt if it's close
to that over these last eight years
maybe not 50 but we're talking double
digits I've lost probably at least 10
cameras flip cameras you know those 700
Canon oh my gosh I don't even know how
much that camera costs okay thanks for
watching we're trying to get these vlogs
up every day it's not easy golly
leave a thumbs up comment and if you
want to see the Shaytards been doing
every single day for the last who knows
how long click on one of those videos
click on yesterday's vlog and click on
that mystery vlog there's a mystery you
got to throw of it click on the button
ok see you guys once again tomorrow give
me kiss rock
