so you log in here okay yeah I'll see
what I found in the in the desk check it
out check it out so this is beard dark
number two and I'm gonna go shave it
right now but I I don't know if I should
save it or not should I just add it to
this every time I shave my beard should
I just add it to this so just have like
a giant thing of it I think I have but I
think I'm gonna mark it like this will
be beard tard one and this will be beard
tard - and I think I'll just grow them
and then I'm like I have a bunch of oh
okay here we go it's not gonna be as big
of a deal as it was last time
beard number two come on Oh No
look I'm naked again make it again I'm
gonna start just growing these I'm gonna
grow a beard
every two months shave it off and then
I'm gonna sell it on eBay and that's how
I'm gonna pay for my kids education
all right guys what's going on we're
back in the truck you guys remember the
truck it's been just sitting here in
Idaho since we've been in California
just kind of sitting like my mom and dad
isn't riveted every once in a while but
it's cool to have it let's go have it
back remember the TT trip tripod
remember the truck tripod biggest ET a
truck tripod ABS we're headed to a
storage shed because we have massive
mounts up worthless junk seen in our
house and it is mind-numbing Lee it's
like there's so much stuff just like you
can't do anything and it's like I'm just
gonna get rid of it so a lot of it we're
gonna give away to storage give away the
stories yeah it's his family their last
name of storage they're really poor
we're gonna give it to storage
you know a lot of it we're gonna give
away to like the DI or Goodwill and then
stuff that like you know like whole
scrapbooks and stuff like that we're
gonna put in storage I have to go get a
storage shed right now because we got to
clean that freaking house sound like
crazy also I just watched Dave days new
video with Miley Cyrus that's right
Hannah jingle on a mana mana Hannah Tana
do you know what that is do you know
Hannah Montana do you know that my
friend was in a video with her isn't
that cool do you remember days there
were Dave days from California he was
cool huh any guys eyes what
oh cool I'm a friend Dave - I was so
proud of it man I remember like a year
and a half ago
when I first went to LA just like decent
stuff like a gathering or something dave
was there and we I remember talking to
them and he's like yeah I'm trying to
find Miley and I was actually on the
Santa Monica Pier this is way before we
even moved to California I was on the
Santa Monica Pier
I'm just looking at that's like a year
and a half ago and and Hannah Montana
was doing a shoot on the Santa Monica
Pier then I took a picture at Dave was
in LA but he's hanging out with Charles
Trippy and mr. safety and I texted him
I'm like dude Miley Cyrus is on the
Santa Monica Pier right now but they
were like up climbing in the mountains
and he's like no I want to go together
and see her but she had left by the time
he had got down so I was just so proud
of him I feel like he's like my little
brother and I'm like so happy for him so
if you haven't seen the video Dave days
with Miley Cyrus linked-in decide
underbar I guess we had a new layout now
underbar so much for links in the
sidebar comm I started a website called
links in the sidebar calm but I never
did anything with it
so I guess that's worthless now anyway
season around no I'm not I'm serious
this is your new bedroom you and son
tired of baby talk are gonna sleep in
here from now on it's just too crowded
at the house so we need to get some more
room so we're gonna bring your beds and
your toys and stuff over here okay but
we have to get a lot of blankets cuz
it's kind of cold in here okay where do
you want to sleep which which side show
me where you want your bed to be right
there put your better in there where
should Sun card sleep on the bunk okay
it's pretty spacious baby turtle sleep
where see right there
cool all right I hope you like your new
room see you later
that's how claustrophobia begins I'm a
horrible boss I print the star to see
your moves what do you got you got any
cool tricks you can do no I like your
shoes okay what are you doing I don't
see anything happening here do a
front-flip you can do a front-flip go
one two three good job here that mommy
tired
yeah the darker the berry the sweeter
the juice all right you guys oh my
goodness okay so it's late it's 11
o'clock at night and I'm late getting
the videos up and I am getting the third
degree from some of you on my channel
Collins mom you yell out of mommy tars
that's a stress here's what we're
dealing with we have plastic containers
and boxes and printers we have four
printers now by the way who wants a
printer I'll send you a printer
we got couch cushions we got TVs but
just like literally stuff is everywhere
my sister and her son are living with us
now so it's like we got a house of seven
people and a dog and there's stuff
scattered everywhere so we're trying to
get moved in I'm trying to keep up with
the videos I'm uploading two videos
today because I'm behind and the channel
comments I think I've fallen victim to
trolls is what I have done I really I
really do and if it's it's it's sort of
entertaining but there's people on here
on my channel comments who are saying
I've I've heard I've heard from forums
that Shay is a real jerk in life when
you ever when you meet him in real life
he's not like he is at all in his videos
he's a giant do
bag and he's mean he's a bully and then
this one wins the cake this dude
Ronnie nine ruin a ruin a road night
okay so yes I did shave my beard today
and I realized the double chin is in
full effect once again it's embarrassing
I don't like it but like I said I'm
doing the thing for an orange
I sure a scarf but anyways let me read
you this comment he says rune eight nine
says I heard him being interviewed on
Howard Stern he came across way
different than he had and then he was
and is then he is in his videos custon
and stuff he even said that he would
never cheat on mommy tard but then that
if he did he would cheat on her with a
black woman then he said the darker the
berry the sweeter the juice
so apparently I was on Howard Stern's
radio show like that's a good rubra I
should like I should Twitter that just
got off the Howard Stern radio show
talking about juice and berries and hot
black chicks I used to listen Howard
Stern and Robin and and Artie when we
lived in Phoenix anyway so people
betroth as railing Johnson says keep on
trolling but they told me they told me
tonight I think cuz I'm just like tired
and emotional and they're just like
saying all this stuff I'm like it's not
true it's not true so be careful what
you believe if you want to meet me in
person come to VidCon if you're saying
crap about me come to VidCon and I'll
prove you have a nice cane I'll make you
believe I'm a nice guy um yeah you guys
know about VidCon right you can meet me
in person
oh no I think this guy is just joking I
think this guy is just joking but the
other people were like yeah Shea's a
giant she's a giant jerk when you meet
him in real life to his fans and the one
guy who was all pissed cuz I didn't
accept his friend request on YouTube you
guys
you guys realize you guys realize a
friend requests to do absolutely nothing
on YouTube
friend requests are Li the biggest hoax
on YouTube ever I stopped accepting
friend requests like six months ago it
doesn't do anything
you have friends on YouTube don't the
friend requests are stupid they should
take it off the whole site it doesn't do
anything literally it's retarded anyways
I love you guys thanks for understanding
okay I'm gonna go I gotta go I gotta go
call Howard Stern and some hot black
girls because I want some show want some
juice so I gotta go you know why she was
just ain't good enough for me mama God
you hear you're white apple cider is
just not delicious bye I love you so
much
that's lesbian Barbie the unbroken by
and by Lord by
Oh
in the sky lower in the sky
