so sometime what are we doing going to
get my ear cut and why for my for my new
school to go to new school yeah it's
getting pretty long why do you like it
long because I wanna be a rock star show
me what you do with your hair if you're
a rock star
do it again that is so cool
you know what though you can be cool in
the a rock star wait for her to you know
that you can be cool and be a rock star
with short hair too yes you can who's
that somebody's calling me who is it I
will tell you I don't know it's a phone
number
look at yourself in the mirror you can
even talk to me instead of shake your
head cuz she's trying to cut she might
chop your ear off if you move your head
just Katie she would never do that only
I would do that do you like it you're
not done yet
all right you don't want her to fix it
wanna fix it for you you see are you sad
that your rock star is gone
no does it look really good thank you so
quiet what do you think about your hair
you like it
you promise like this Cousteau Philip
move yours thank you
well it will grow trust me and then
we'll cut it again sound good all right
well the problem with us then tried is
we have really straight hair so we
started to look like buffalo heads if it
gets too funny see mom what's a buffalo
head okay so we're back at home in Idaho
this tree needs to go it is in the way
don't you think Malachi is definitely in
the way we're gonna get rid of that it's
kind of cold so come here I just called
the tree guy this is what I love about
living in a small town I just called the
tree guy and I'm like yeah I need a make
some work done a few bushes and a couple
of trees need to be taken out
guess what he says what okay I'll be
there in five minutes
instead of like oh yeah we're booked
till Wednesday I could I could be there
next Friday between 2:00 and 4:00 he
literally goes okay I'll come over
what's your address like okay I'll see
you in a minute so we're gonna get these
ripped out
you're like wow you can rid of the truth
I know but we need it we're gonna put a
new fence in because Malachi has been
being able to get out of the holes in
the fence and I just want a bigger fence
so I felt good about the kids being out
here you can jump I jump they could go
by so I have a guy coming over tomorrow
to give us a bid on the fence we're
gonna get a cedar fence all around it
just so you know a little bit more
privacy want the kids to be safe out
here and so we got to get rid of these
trees because obviously they're in the
way see this one's already leaning over
this fence right here and so if we're
gonna do a six-foot fence that can't be
there so we're gonna have to get rid of
it anyway so he's coming over right now
oh good thing I love being a small town
again Manny watch you're gonna run up
here plant your foot right next to the
ball and then hit it with the inside of
your foot okay ready here we go one two
punch kick just like that what do you
think he's gonna be Pele it's gonna be
the next Pele son cards gonna be playing
soccer
Pele's up he was like weren't like one
of the best soccer players ever yeah I
think he invented the bicycle kick I
don't know if you invented it but yeah
he invented the bicycle that's why
that's why he was so good at soccer he
was so good at soccer is he invented the
bicycle so in this Center and start
playing next week citing you pumped dude
we're gonna keep practicing I excited
we're gonna play soccer it's me sweetie
hi are you gonna be good when I get you
up there run around on the field as much
as possible huh
where's some of those calories okay so
as I'm turning practiced hard are
playing in my room and they shut the
door and they've been in there for a
while so I'm like what do you do um
there was these crayon makeup kranj
makeup last part what are you supposed
to be a
a dinosaur show me what a dinosaur does
you have a mustache it's not a unibrow
what is it you're a rabbit you're a
princess rabbit with the mustache and
the unibrow Cooper
what are you doing guys are so awesome
looking my favorites the unibrow
will I be joining this party probably
not he's like a tiger a tiger
oh we're at lunch with my mommy card and
with the curlicue hi I am no Mickey on
you want to promote your new YouTube
channel yes Carly style at youtube.com
slash crazy style watch Carly's town
link in the sidebar point to your left
it's like quite like a you know two cats
with these two come on stop it
Carly's in the rain calm what are your
video is gonna be about what are your
videos gonna be about Charlie style
style they're gonna be on tidbits I'm
onna what bit on nipple bits
Carly hey don't judge me
on Fitness witness family need to get
way yeah mom what you're asking here I
was people who dyed their hair like this
oh okay look at her roots it's bright
yellow I'm not judging I'm not being
mean I'm just saying I can help sister
out that's all
so if you want advice on everything that
is superficial check out the page from
the sidebar hey hey it's a camera on me
yeah okay I was looking at your videos
and I look so fat that what it took to
notice that you look fat is looking you
don't see yourself in videos and because
I try to stay away from cameras check
out my mom's new weight loss channel
mommy tard loss
grandma Tartan loss no anyways yeah okay
we're at lunch
Wow
come here you're like an Indian princess
you are Wow I love it look fantastic
fabulous yeah what what whoa whoa no but
they're trying to get to it
baby comes my partner not not nothing
all you remember this is my part right
alright so I'm here in my new lair I
like to call it my lair and check out
this
I'm calling this Medusa Medusa
I need a film apart for a video that I'm
gonna be in and can't tell you what
don't you guys love that one people on
the internet do that they're like dude
something sucks I need happen I can't
see what it is just yet that's like one
right I don't know say it's one of my
biggest pet peeves because a lot of
people do that and then I'd be saying
that I hate a lot of people know your
skin because I do that sometimes too you
know I'm saying I should never even
brought it up dude something so awesome
is happening in my life oh my gosh I
can't believe this it's finally all
coming true
I can't tell you guys I just want you
guys to know no I'll tell you um no I'm
gonna be in an episode of Annoying
Orange coming up and I'm gonna film this
and I got to shave my beard off for it
because it's hard to do the the throat
if you guys know what I ordered annoying
oranges check the link in the sidebar
check it check it one time yo that's
weird it's kind of hot down in the
basement so I open these windows but I
keep hearing these funny noises and then
like dirt blows in I think I need to
clean off that top wins this windowsill
cuz dirt blows in and then it's just
like all over everything anyway so I got
the Medusa light here so I have some
proper lighting because I don't have you
know I'm here in Idaho so I can't go out
and buy like real film lighting so I
bought this baby and I'm gonna throw him
some stuff for an orange I'm excited
check because I'm Bart's really funny um
he's blowing up all shoot up the charts
anyway so that's what I'm doing I have
to shave my beard for it I'm gonna do
that tonight or tomorrow can you believe
it it's okay no I'm like I'm okay with
the beard coming and going now it's like
it's like the daily vlogs I did it for a
year I did the beard thing and now it's
like I'm they're gonna come and go you
know I might miss a day on the daily
vlogs or whatever I'm not gonna jump I'm
gonna try to miss one
I like the beard but these things are
gonna they're gonna you guys are along
for the ride we're gonna be friends
forever me and you okay
why don't we say that yes she would make
that commitment to each other now I
don't know if I'm ready let's make that
commitment me and you me and you let's
be together for life you just want to do
that do you guys want to make that
commitment with me I think it's I think
we're to that point in our relationship
that we can do that let's do it me and
you all over the world just wasting I
got nothing on you baby not nothing on
you okay so now that we're going steady
I feel like I can tell you guys so much
more but all I'll just send you an email
okay bye I'm excited to be with you
forever
