so you are not watching the shades are
gorgeous if Natalie likes following
water to the same shakers to the things
he does from a deal family and just
because he put his life on my finger
he's got a brain here less home for two
I'm ready for a baby also let it be
clear night he was logging here okay so
daddy made a bad mistake and daddy tried
to go straight instead of turning left
and now daddy has to pay the Las Vegas
police department probably a lot of
money
deep princess Sturgis said you have to
be taken away down idea okay when you
don't okay he just goes dude
tell him say ice cream please your
closest gas station unfortunately is the
most expensive I've ever seen yeah it is
really really close that's what we need
us let's drop again okay yeah there's
literally one who can strike within
watch listen to them listen oh so
there's an arc oh right there and if you
go a little farther there's a show ste
well I would suggest an article cause I
know it's cheaper than the shelves okay
thank you so much have a good day
just pull it at yeah oh sure thanks so
much thank you
he sent me an ice cream what do you
think that awesome Wow how did you guys
hear that the camera is still on oh
really yeah alright so the police
officer opened the door and asked the
kids if they wanted ice cream for
tickets and they made the right choice
of saying ice cream so the nice police
officers are letting us go cuz I made a
blatant where it was blatantly a wrong
decision the reason I told you
everything I know I'm like yeah I know I
know exactly
right now whoo that's that's a nice
happy
are you guys excited we don't have to
get pulled over
I mean I'm get a ticket Terry glad about
that we're gonna get an ice-cream ticket
guys we're still in Vegas we're trying
to get out of town but the van tires are
really bald we tried to get tires before
we left LA it was like five hour away at
the at the up Costco in Venice I was
like Mike we can't wait that long
so we got here to Vegas I don't want to
drive all the way to Idaho on the bald
tire so we're getting new tires
who's with some Chinese food place is
really good
we're so nice it was like all a big
family that owned it what was a calling
Wendy is something here in Vegas on
Desert Inn Road I'll tell you where
we're at come here it's nicest people
there are so nice literally like seven
people in there they're all family and
they all came to our table it's on Jones
and Desert Inn on the corner by the Big
O tires anyways so we're so lucky not to
get a ticket that cop was awesome I
think I think the best way to handle
cops is just to be honest with them just
you're like yeah you busted me there's
no doubt about it I would made a stupid
move I purposely made that stupid move
and I think they appreciate that because
you ever watch cops bad boys what you
want what you want to do is so sick of
watching that movie that movie that show
everybody on that show lies like those
drugs aren't mine they just found drugs
in your pocket you're like I don't know
I don't know how those got in there so
don't be stupid
just be honest with them that's what
they want just say yeah I messed up I'm
sorry and they're gonna go a lot easier
on you I say every time you get pulled
over
don't ever be like oh I didn't I don't
know there was a stop sign there I don't
I don't think I was speeding just be
like yeah I messed up I'm sorry and
they're gonna be a lot easier on you
it's just human nature as soon as you
try to fight back
human nature is gonna fight back at you
the Bible calls it kicking against the
pricks
which is weird sounding but it describes
what I'm talking about okay so now we're
going to get ice cream we have to have
two guys we'll have to get ice cream
where else we will get a ticket so here
we are at the Baskin Robbins scope he's
excited I bet you're excited I'm really
is a fetus heart excited
it's just wrapping around for joy we're
still figuring out getting that door
open
oh you stole the chop stacks you stall
that job stacks all right love you guys
bye rocky road peanut butter chocolate
what'd you say already excited baby
tired excited try to walk will : hi we
have to get ice cream because the police
men told us to literally did it the top
a cop just pulled us over and he said he
asked the kids do you want ice cream or
a ticket and they said ice cream that's
why we're here
Hey he was way nice he was way nice what
do you want what kind you want what that
one the green one all right I mean I
want that one or that one or that one
I want me all got new tires now it's
time to pick up malachite Arden get the
heck out of towns
he's been here at Camp Bow Wow for the
last three days and I think he's loving
it they even have a webcam that you can
watch him more so we're gonna go pick
him up and see how excited he gets to
see us there is there's Malachi can you
see him he's the big one there is oh oh
three histories there's Malachi hey
Malachi they have all these webcams you
can actually watch your dog online so
when you're at the hotel or whatever you
can log on and be like there's now a Kai
with the M but uh it's pretty nice place
is really clean him here smells like
wood chips anyways
nobody's here at the front desk I need
my doggie Malachi okay guy come here
come here buddy come here
down here come on smart one hey there's
a puppy he's our puppy go see you get
excited you excited are you excited oh
here's our old doggy where were you
where were you daddy why did you leave
me
rest of the gang
seems a dark
card
faster they cut this mountain in half
just like a put a road through I like it
awesome I'm bored you guys to keep me
company
everybody's asleep normal time to sleep
up up somebody's awake back there duck
dude you having fun pretty cool view huh
Kanyon come to a canyon sure river
okay we're pulling over mommy tarts
gonna drive you drive up there
shut up we know or go we we don't need
your help anymore your drive that was
rude orgy
so boat i'm on a boat i'm on a boat
laughing boat with my flippy floppies
okay thunder get out pump the gas hurry
up huh
we're in Utah can you see the deer deer
see the little white butts those are
those are mule deer the other snow it's
probably hard to see him on the camera
because they blend in the stage brush so
good but there's wow for like 300 head
of deer right here on the side of the
freeway
you see him right there it's mule deer
everywhere
it's pretty cool I chose the old dear
Thank You back where at home what the
old mule deer is different than a
white-tailed deer it's a bigger species
of deer
now some are women summer men box and
goes we're dealing with bucks as goes
here so what are you eating this inna
crumb crumb donuts I'm eating yo so like
yeah click on the annotation go watch
the second part of the video
