Oh
lady gaga
that's a weird transition oh yeah it's
seventh-grade dances all over again to
me that reminds me of roller skating
doesn't it they we used to go to this
place just go to this roller skating
place in like sixth grade and all the
boys would line up on one side and all
the girls would line up on one side and
all the lights would turn off they'd
turn on the strobe light and then got a
strobe I at the disco ball like and then
one person is supposed to go over yeah
and hold like a good boy would go over
to the girls side and pick a girl
it's called snowball yeah and then you
to hold their hands and I was like
always so nervous and your hands will
get all sweaty but you didn't like just
like you couldn't move your hands yeah
and then like when the girl was coming
like you didn't know if you just like
look at I'm like hold your hand out or
like
crazy really bad rollers your your back
home we are in the Old West
my guess who are farther west in
California that we are now but this is
us is home this is what it looks like
sagebrush mountains and there's some
snow up there still in late March
Malachi's breath in the car yeah hey
guys we are 40 minutes from home this
has been a long trip we've kind of been
Woodsen's we kind of broke it up because
we don't drive that much but finally you
guys excited to see home huh excited
excited baby teared oh hey baby card all
you excited
well do you remember this oh I peed on
that free once I've never peed on the
tree all the time in fact baby tart
here's our home excited you excited
we're home is it already you're our new
maid right yes Wow look good
Oh Malachi snap the floors wow that was
really nice
you had the floors done redone we're
gone
Wow let's get in here alright looks
really nice I love the decorations
you're quite the decorate tor looks a
lot better
oh yeah I want to see the bathroom wow
this looks nice sweet new tile oh wow
let's see this new shower nice it looks
good huh guys got a little shampoo
things that are back in your own room
what do you guys think you got all your
little dolls all lined up there sleeping
with you how sweet you have a hard time
climbing up there big boy it's been a
while huh hey nanny I wanted these did I
wanted these I wanted more work to be
done I need the clothes fold it I need
the dishes done and I want a late night
snack okay get into bed good night can
you say good night say good night
precious is this your baby sure they let
the hippie alright just pick up on prick
of them pick it up um love you
goodnight see in the morning beauty all
right good night love you guys tonight
good night good vibe all right kids are
back to their own beds together not to
share it bad anymore do you don't think
we're abusing you anymore get your own
beds you pumped yeah no more abuse okay
so I'm in the basement my new man cave
I'll show you my setup real quick
I got the double desk going on here
loving it I'm loving the double desk and
then once we get the TV out we're gonna
put it right there so I can watch TV as
I edit and and read your tweets and
stuff I love it I love this like I
claimed this I like stuck my flag in
this room as if this is my room but I'm
watching hi I'm wrong and he's about to
do a thumb Alec oh he's all tuckered out
okay rods about to do a song for you
okay this is for you
my guy Ron sing about you hi I'm Ron
linked to the sidebar he's hilarious
