so you are not watching the shades are
gone just sit back relax following
walking to the same shape as to the
things he does for the deal family and
just because he begins life on live in
you you got a break here let's hold for
two I'm ready for a baby also let it be
clear all right
you must log in here good morning it is
5:00 a.m.
okay Sam you're Logan Logan Sam with me
we're going to shoot a station shoot and
we have to be here so early because I'm
the restaurant it's closed now so we can
use it but here we are at the pause
hello how's it going here we are
can we shoot here all day so it's going
to be exciting
just try to push a within that foolish a
I'm aggressive
seven-time your life you guys have fun
alright alright speeding bike I love you
so much please let me kiss ya like take
it grow up this is for the vlog I'm fine
see I'm sewing alright good morning
it is another early shoot here at the
station the station
we're here with hi I'm Ronald I'm Ronald
Dana got your phone got it well you
found it okay good on it good we're
doing a skit whatever today is going to
include a lot of fake blood so we got
all this plastic down and they're going
to be shooting me and Ron with fake
blood excited for that are you know
where that I didn't get that dirty
uh yeah even though yes you just fake
blood I am sure it's the night designer
sure can I shake hype like IB O'Neill oh
good
what's your what is yours again B
O'Neill for I I got your email by the
way I joined did you get it told you
except you cannot you cannot use any
this I'm sweating only because they
asked me to do that as a it's a choice
oh my goodness come on you have a good
time yeah hey we got you what's your
name
hey okay what's up oh it's that with E
whoo Greg is the funniest guy is okay
it's not that Chavous for me I'm nothing
compared to Craig Craig taking pictures
of us are you having fun
it scares me oh sorry me and Ron are
about to be blended in the face stop it
stop it
he's trying to throw up a new gun
commander you can throw up on command
watch him don't it's gross so what's so
good I'm leaving Ron stop it taste it
rondalee having pants hey Jake come on
clown and you'll be all right Thank You
Lynn show people hey come on Bennett
this is not this is not a circus show he
doesn't have any pants on take it every
weekend on Blake I got pants on
no one was me I know I just I pat down
nobody does pants on I guess girls do
this I'm ready
waiting for the fog hey Carl's ready
let's go mace do my do legs would be so
wide open yeah oh yeah yeah ready and
action
come on
we're here at the beach the beautiful
day it's a little windy but dad is
uploading a video so all you guys come
out to video that's why he's not at the
beach and then he's coming later so we
got the whole family whoo
so here we go you look so pretty
are you a movie star yes
you look gorgeous anytime you like James
yes gorgeous oh you guys ready to play
in the water
what are you guys gonna do nothing wet
list are you gonna go pick up a hot
chick no my sexy
should we go babe hunting yeah finally
upon chains we have this group over here
they have some instruments and it sounds
like they're doing some type of a
ceremony there's a girl olive white and
wondering if somebody's getting baptized
I'm sort of excited this is exciting
a great moment I'm not sure what's going
on though I'll keep you posted
Oh baby trying to she felt so emotional
about this I'm entering the waters of
baptism it's so cool oh the waves are
pretty ferocious out there I hope
everything goes okay what she's going
first
- baptism I don't know if there's any
more that was fun
well it's our last day on the beach
until we go back to have this little guy
it's a good day the waves are really
huge right now so it's fun to watch them
I haven't been in the water and I've
only been in it a few times since we've
even lived here because it's really cold
even though it's hot outside water's
still really cold but that's just
because I'm away
pretty much that's why Shea and Sun card
nice
once the next set of giant waves comes
in I'll have to show you they're really
big today that's what she said whoo-hoo
you can cut that out shake I just know
that's what you would say so I just
thought I'd add that in okay
lovely oh they look really far oh my
goodness
Oh
I don't like this idea you got licorice
no fair oh it had sand on it are you
gonna eat it still are you going to
throw in the garbage I'm going to eat it
who cares what's a little dad gonna do
man I changed my mind honey
hopes I have another fourth baby Wow
let's just stay here okay Rock let's get
rid of it okay I'm gonna go out and swim
or get rid of the baby don't stay here
if I find a light for that
 I don't know if you guys can
see that she just flashed you he doesn't
know I'm filming right now oh now he
sees the camera he won't do it again
Willy maybe he will
oh man that's my husband that's him
that's him and that was his but there
you go
please hurry quick like a bunny totally
fine very quick like a bunny yeah buddy
freaked out in a burly store oh dude
Toller going tomorrow
Oh burn and I'm Justin and I'm tired
stop it I'm not in your place like can I
so tardy excited I do this honesty of
this looks like summer like pac-man
hey sided you should set it for the
salad at Buca di Beppo 's Christmas tree
stop ha ha oh great don't touch it we're
on two but the guards gonna carry sister
tard nice strong job dude
she's like 185 pounds go
certified certified yeah you're not
certified sisters crate their wieners
that's the crazy thing about Buca di
Beppo is the pictures or pictures all
over the wall and saw naked people
summer crazy and to learn appropriate
look at this chick this little girl
juggling just chuck at the bottle of
water this one they could make this H of
us I know that's what you look like this
is me there's a lot of cool pictures
though
check out that one the little chihuahua
I mean that exact Lilly it's the Statue
David yeah there's some crazy pictures
like just looking around adherence whoa
you should watch out stand away dude oh
hey what do you show us it's like that
dudes pregnant huh yeah
as I look like daddy why not because
you're not
yeah if I got a status it yes okay so um
I
we are leaving I don't know if I told
you guys this yet but we are leaving
tomorrow we are moving back home
tomorrow that's why parents are here
with my granite trailer we're gonna load
everything up in there tomorrow morning
and we're gonna drive back home it's
been crazy so crazy it's been ten months
been here ten months I still remember
being in the z103 studios and me talking
to Danny I went out there to film a
thing for crank we made this this video
promo bunch of us made these videos for
crank too and you know we're like this
is awesome this is so cool like working
together and because there's a lot of us
there's like Qasim was in it and I was
in it danny and lisa and dave was in it
and there's some other people and we
were just like this is so fun working
with other youtubers because it's it's
cool to have helped you know because
before it was like this was like a do
everything by yourself kind of job you
know you had to write your ideas I mean
if you're a youtuber you know you have
to film it you have to edit it you have
to produce it any props you need or
anything else it's like everything is on
your own and it's hard it's hard to do
everything by yourself so when we work
together we're like this is this is
great this is so nice because you know
what it's like and I know what it's like
and we can help each other and that's
kind of how the station began and I
remember sitting in the z103 studios
doing my night show and calling Danny
diamond on the phone and being like
let's uh let's start this channel Danny
was like you should move out here you
should move out here and we'll get a
bunch of people together we'll start a
channel and we'll all make videos
together will help promote each other
and blob up on I was like I don't know
man that's crazy moved to Los Angeles I
live in Idaho you know I'm but I kind of
like here I'm a DJ and so talked to you
know mommy Tardos like how you removed
LA and she's like no but uh my mom my
mom my wife is she's the best wife I've
ever had
and she agreed Nino she just follows me
wherever I go because she's so faithful
she just she trusts me you know she's
like okay took a little convincing but
she's like okay I trust you I I assume
you know I remember she was just afraid
that like we were gonna come out here
just like go broke and die and I was
like honey you know we have the house
here in Idaho my parents are here you
know it's like a 12 hour drive so if one
day we're like we hate it in LA we don't
want to do this anymore we could drive
home in a day you know 12 hours and
we're back home it's not like we're
moving to Mongolia anyway so we've been
here 10 months and it has been probably
10 of the best months of my life I mean
I know it sounds cliche or whatever but
so many experiences such a new and
vibrant kind of lifestyle and it's just
been target it's hard to explain it's
not I'm not saying that we're not gonna
be back here but this is kind of like a
little end of an era you know I'm gonna
be flying back here a lot to still shoot
station videos and stuff but what an
experience it's been you know made 20
friends it's so it's so crazy people
have like internet friends and real-life
friends it's like not that way anymore
like you know Lisa and Danny and Kassim
and Ben and all these people have
literally become my real life friends
you know not only do we work together
and make videos together but we hang out
together like every night or at least
you know three to four nights a week or
whatever where we have barbecues or
whatever always hanging out so it's been
crazy I'm going over to say goodbye
right now because like I said we're
taking off tomorrow so I'm going to hang
out and say goodbye and probably cry but
uh I'm just punch back in fact but like
I said I'll be back I'll be back in two
to three weeks back here at LA to you
know film some stuff but what a run what
a crazy crazy experience it has been
coming here I don't regret it at all
it's been a blast so let's go say
goodbye to the crew shall we
