is that table set the family dog come
here
you crawl down there no you don't want
to crawl through that tyre tunnel
that's an awesome tired tunnel smells so
good in here you guys know me I love my
rubber it's like a dream come true look
at all these crawlies drugs so many
drugs in here sometimes just coming here
I don't even need tires I just come in
here to smell okay so we are all packed
up
we are leaving this is uh been a good
house for us we've lived here for eight
months this is where the kids slept now
it's all empty we're leaving the couches
here and the rug and the table and a fan
and that because some people are moving
in that needed some couches and stuff
and we have couches a night house we're
like well we just bought these couches
you can have them so we're leaving all
this stuff here but say goodbye to this
house guys it's an end of an era the
straight Karl's were moving again so
goodbye the old kitchen
mommy tards really emotional her she's
pregnant her emotions are like right
here so
crime a little bit say goodbye to your
plants those plants will never see you
again
alright anyways this house has been
documented we have lived in this house
for eight months and we've filmed every
day of it
so by house Anagha times Enya but home
is where the heart is and this is just
bricks and mortar and wood and sheetrock
this isn't this isn't a home this is
just a place where home comes to reside
cuz that's all that really matters
home is where your loved ones are this
is just a building there's plenty of
buildings out there no I'm saying my
front yard by tire swing leaving the
grill here to my grill all right let's
go
new new adventure let's move it on if
you tired where are we going say it
again baby I'd say Las Vegas sorry guys
you're dizzy my mom was done with Las
Vegas
we're going to Las Vegas Clady we need
to listen to famous right now
Planet Hollywood all good paj camo us
everybody's pH ammo you what
you didn't go to school today but that's
good you know the letter O ph j mo us
mom I'm singing famous okay get her
better keep my hands on the wheel okay I
want to know what kind of contraption
that your whatever those tires forms
they get really bad gas mileage say
those are four big tires yeah that's for
Bigfoots
daddy they put some daddy daddy footwear
has those tires on his a really big one
singing opera okay you guys ready for
this who are this gas station in the
middle of nowhere check this out
we're going to the men's bathroom and
there is the urinal
that's pretty interesting
it's a giant waterfall where you pee I
assume yeah so this is where you pee
apparently it's literally a piss
I hit waterfall and it comes down here
and there's water sprinkling down or if
you get to see it and then use pee right
into there I've seen like three guys
walk in and go oh cool okay so we're in
Las Vegas and we can't obviously have
Malakai in the room with us so we're
bringing him to a day care place and it
looks really nice
and they even have webcams yeah oh
that's cool okay you watch the dogs
playing okay we're at Planet Hollywood
and we're about to go to grandma's room
is ready you have it's down the hall
pressure okay guys ready yeah oh the
honeymooners honey we've gotten called
the honeymooners before
that's you guys get both rooms here we
are
oh that's the first time I came into
this room I was like running around like
like there's the Eiffel Tower this is
one of the best view is also because you
can see the The Fountains at the
Bellagio it's awesome you scared scared
scared of heights
what do you think Kayleigh we think with
the start I guess Planet Hollywood did
good who who's this that's Laverne and
Shirley awesome look she even looks
anatomically correct yeah you can take a
bathroom here look out the window
there's the bathtub you can take you can
be naked and look out the window who is
it oh that's a nice dress Oh from
Gilligan's Island here on that's kind of
like when you wake up at night to go pee
don't let that freak you out there's a
dress oh yeah jump it on the king-size
bed you're so cute you're so cute what
in any cases do do in a pinch
Mamma Mia stand and look and put your
nose up against the glass and look at
that view do it if you appreciate Planet
Hollywood you'll do it
you're that scared I is anybody else or
any of you guys that scared of heights
you can't even stand on the edge of a
window look at this when that fountain
goes off it's an amazing view it's
really cool sunset and in Las Vegas okay
we're here in Vegas he's excited think
double doors yeah you'll think you've
died and gone to Planet Hollywood
governor there's me there's some naked
ladies what do you think sam donaldson
naked ladies the Tartan family is here
to stay the TV turn it up the flash mob
is on the TV in the room that's
hilarious
I wonder if they just knew where to be
here so they put it on or differents
always on there's wrong
look there's daddy on the TV at the
hotel no it's all good
everybody's PHA MOU PHA mo you guys
think I'm pretty cool I'm pretty cool
we're on the TV that fun so jump jump
jump jump jump jump jump run please that
at least I know it looks like Lisa if
you guys haven't seen the flash mob yet
I'll make it uh I'll make it a video
response to this video right below you
guys gonna check it out it's awesome
there's so much fun to make drawn ate it
right there when he jumped up the
counter he crashed so are there's Denise
he like jumped off and like he landed
right in front I thought he like
sprained his ankle or something Lisa
that was great yeah check out the flash
bump you guys haven't seen this is our
room by the way this is cool check out
this bathroom that's a big that's a big
tub hey honey there's good acoustics in
here we can sing we can see
is that weird that video is on the TV
but crazy yeah yeah let's go we're gonna
meet over there is this what are you
building there what's that you guys
having fun yeah we got the whole sheiter
clan at one table here we are we're all
here we're all here you guys having fun
having fun three ways baby towards
blonde and the rest of your kids have
brown hair I don't know maybe it's in
the family genes somewhere I don't know
I don't see any blonde anywhere oh I
know like we're the only ones that dark
hair and this is another blondie cut
another blondie right here and this guy
used to be blond you've got dark what
happened yeah your hair used to be like
white I remember a warrior and school
together I used to like trying to fight
for Casey and I would look for like just
this white spot on the playground
because Harris like white excuse the one
up to commands yeah kicking ass taking
names on the playground even at it don't
worry about it
cool there's the fountain
that's sweet all done
only get a little bit like them sweet
huh it's that fun we're getting an extra
bet she's writing she's writing the
rollaway bed yeah you ready what to see
go
