you're not getting any some return
they're so close reflection let's try it
again ready
over here
princes started speeding the birds we're
in trouble
we're not supposed to feed the birds
look at him they're fighting over here
they're fighting over your macaroni
noodles of course that's how they sound
it's so annoying these like these
pitches that are flying or flying around
everywhere and it's like there's nothing
that anybody can do to get out here so
it's like people are like ducky to
trying to miss the pages and they fly by
your head yeah fun how about you what do
you thinking
you're gonna Sun tarda wants to stand on
top of there and then jump down into the
swimming pool he said he goes I'll
probably break my head open yes you what
I'm thinking I'm thinking I'll stand up
there and jump off into the pool I'll
probably break my head open they're
trying to be raised literally that's the
one that's the one thing here there's
the city of Los Angeles right there
there's a little panorama a little
panorama is that Rama or Rama is that
even a debate panorama panorama you I
think it's debatable that the word
funner isn't a word how is that possible
more fun apparently she will say more
fun that is not that is not more fun to
say than funner
I say that we need to what do you got to
do to make a word a word urban
dictionary funner is a word it's
something that's fun so I mean it's fun
something that is better than fun is
funner it's not more fun that's just
lame
sure footers not a word I disagree with
that wholeheartedly
funner is word and I am officially
saying now in the shaycarl dictionary
funner is a word
this is funner than what we did
yesterday this is more fun I mean
apparently you're supposed to say this
is more fun no now we're stopping that
now this is funner than that other
activity that we were doing before okay
so listen all you linguistic English
literature people funner just became a
word okay so mark it down no it doesn't
it's funner
this is so much funner it's just so much
more fun I mean this is it's it's easy I
mean
because there's less wordage i don't i
it's a word and I'm gonna say it and if
you don't like it then you are not gonna
have as much fun er of a time as I am
okay just so you know okay so it's um
almost seven o'clock at night and we're
looking to get a car wash because this
van is a dirty mess and if we don't get
it detailed often it gets dirty quick
because these little brats that's right
you guys mess it up you realize that
what was that look good tummy hurts
oh we have to go oh not yet anyways why
is your tummy hurt
you have too much pasta which macaroni
and cheese I swear to drive through this
thing and we're gonna get the car washed
we're getting the manager special okay
we're up the windows broke the windows
you so excited sweet fun huh alright
here we go we're pulling up you like
pull up quick vlog in and get fat so
turn oh oh he's like go over get over
get over
oh stop stop okay he's telling us up up
up up up up stop oh you good alright
here we go we're getting the car wash
I'm supposed to put a neutral I think
what why is this the best day ever oh
crap I gotta close that sorry
I closed I'm sorry I'm sorry
okay they're closed here we go
it's always the weirdest thing cuz they
say you're supposed to turn off your car
put it in neutral and not steer and so
the car is driving itself baby's heart
is not having a good time that is for
sure
five baby darn baby dart is nothing
showing the experience governor here
comes the rinse process
oh here's the dryers the window
oh I got the cameras soaking wet anyway
see cameras soaking wet
that was my bad cyst away that yeah can
you get him to wave at you wave at him
wave at him nice give me a thumbs up
give a thumbs up see they're friendly
they're friendly huh
that's fun baby are you scared you're a
little bit scared don't worry it's no
big deal just car wash and that was a
car wash that's quick
now we have a clean van good job Shay
Carl yeah
