so Saturday and we're gonna upload this
video on Saturday and you know because
your regular shade hard watcher that we
usually upload the day before well
yesterday Friday I only only film like
two clips so that's all that this videos
gonna be it's gonna be a short one I
like it it looks very colorful okay so
tell them you guys say this is a short
video but we're gonna film more today
and then tomorrow it's gonna have a long
one this is just gonna be really short
so don't be mad tell him that Suns hard
so don't be mad Tom I'm not going to be
mad well sometimes they need to hear
little Anna Stern fists you guys don't
be mad then put your fists up an act
like you're in a punch them but you love
all the people who watch right say hi to
him alright that's very pretty
okay we ready okay so we're gonna go
there's maybe cars and a little bit of
baby star we're going to the Cheesecake
Factory
okay so sorry this is a short one but
tomorrow is gonna be long and better
okay at the moment of truth
finally finally he's got the iPod ten
days it only took you like a month he's
took him a month but he finally got his
ten days in I don't know she made him
should we have made him start over
alright give it back what do you think
you like it you like it let's make sure
let's make sure let's turn that down
yeah we should make sure you check the
levels huh what I think your dancing is
just gonna go up 30% now
these are we dancing 30% more often oh
man he just feels the music I think he
has I think he has a a gift I think
needs to go to Juilliard is there uh is
there Juilliard for dancing I think
you'd make it
maybe tard
you are so gorgeous so gorgeous I mean
out of all the women I know you're the
most beautiful
she's like a crack it she's like a crack
baby hey guys baby tired here just check
my new video out oh you stepped on it
it's called
it's a makeup tutorial on how to apply
lipstick juicy star eat your heart out
squeegee gone 20 - eat your heart out
baby towards the nucleus makeup on
YouTube yeah take that losers I'm the
best towards your makeup all right come
here Butthead watch that baby off your
baby's dirty washer smells really good
in here are those biscuits what is that
Oh stuffed mushrooms I'll stuff your
mushroom right right guys and you end oh
no okay yeah and Brooke breathe it
smells really good
oh baby stuffed mushrooms some people
are coming over and on down skank daddy
do you think they'll be any stuffed
mushrooms leftover I would like a
stuffed mushroom the smell is really
making my mouth water okay I'm laying
down I don't want any part of this all
right I'm going to get the grill ready
you're setting up the grill I'm the
grill master what help me okay let's go
you're obnoxious
