so you are not watching the shades are
Roger sit back relax following walking
to the same shape as to the things he
does with a deal family and just because
he's one did life online with me you
gotta burn let's hold for two I'm ready
for a video so let it be clear alright
use blogging here so out with me to
night
so out with me oh yeah the record
company's gonna give me lots of money
and everything's gonna be Oh rad rubber
ball rubber brother hi
that's my favorite song um okay so I'm
upload the footage this video is I'm
putting the footage up from the water
slide video so if you guys haven't seen
I just did a new shaycarl video and I
got paid for it I got paid for it I know
you're still pissed off at me for
getting paid for hanging out with my
family but wait doesn't that seem like a
dream yeah um I've always had a an issue
with the term selling out even back in
the day I went and saw a blink 182
concert in a small town I lived in Idaho
what year is this I think was my junior
year so this is probably like 12 years
ago or something I can't remember the
exact time but we went to this this
blink 182 concert and there was
literally like 25 people there and as
this new band called blink 182 and they
had another band with them called gold
finger and it was just just tiny show
there's literally like 30 kids there you
know or whatever and they're like no
half of them were my good friends and I
loved him and I thought they were sweet
and I was like God bleep way to you're
so sweet and then like they started
getting more popular and more popular
and ever he's like oh there's someone
out there selling out what's up
why okay
we're fleeing the country I'll never see
you again I'm taking the licorice and
where's the start go away you sellout
lovey bye so to me as always like that
was like the most misinterpreted term
I'm like so out what do you mean we like
their music they're getting more popular
because they have good music and more
people want to hear that good music so
how is that selling out they're doing
what they were doing and now they're
getting paid for it it's not what
everybody wants to do to me the term of
selling out is working a job 40 hours a
week that you don't want to do that's
selling out because you don't want to be
there and you're getting paid to do
something you don't want to do so is
that more noble than getting paid to do
something you like to do it's just all
freaking messed up so it's like you know
whatever you like to do what do you like
to do skateboard draw write poems what
if suddenly said I'll give you some
money to do that okay that sounds
amazing I think I'll do it I don't I
guess it's jealousy or whatever but so
if you really think I'm a sellout then I
really hurts my feelings
cuz I just joined my life I don't get
paid to do it anyway so don't be jealous
just uh everybody can you know I really
believe that you can do whatever you
want it just takes time I mean I I
worked for five years in the granite
business and I hated it but I had to do
it I mean sometimes you have to do
things to get by because I you have to
pay the bills but you can work towards
doing what you love and if I'm not an
example of that then what do you what
are you doing here you know it's I
really truly believe that it's very
possible for everybody to find something
they like to do and get paid for and it
doesn't even you know it could be
anything whatever so if you're doing
something you hate doing work you know
do that thing to get by until you can
work towards doing something you love so
I just always hated that that term doors
lock just walk around so this is the
footage from the day we got the
waterslide it was so exciting son tired
literally that night it was like so dad
okay I want to get this straight I mean
he was literally like what I wake up is
it going to be here and I'm like well
it's going to be here between 8:00 and
10:00 so
mean it might not be here when you write
when you wake up anyways he woke up at
6:00 that morning to see if the slide
was there so here's the footage check it
out dogs what is doing oh say what what
am I supposed to do did you guys hear
that I'm Way ahead of them honey grab
the camera dude grab the camera
yes exciting camera oh hey why doesn't
mess with the screen why does yeah
you're barely wrapped
well he has to make it all flat before
he can't oh wait that's the tarp I bet
they put underneath how are you guys so
excited they have been up okay here's
the story I know I just woke up
don't even go there in the comments
light as dolphin don't even go there
dolphins whoa okay so hey centered but
usually for school I have to drag him
out of it right
kiss me to school like here's something
I'm gonna drag him out of bed this
morning he's up at sex sex Oh Vic huh
because I can't wait for that well maybe
we should tell you there's a water slide
coming every morning then you'd wake up
huh hmm all right so we're getting ready
to waterslide edge mommy touch - I don't
think I don't think fetus heart wants
the wires like today
it is excited give me a whoohoo that's
not a whoohoo
that's a punch in the face oh look at
that what is that it's the thing it's
the what did I call the knee it's a
water slide it's a water slide what what
this is BC boy somebody needs to get
baby tard the stool she can't see look
of it this tool that's greatest all my
body is excited your butt feels excited
what is it doing
Wow explain yourself child all right
look you're getting it unrolled I was
worried they weren't they were gonna say
I'm sorry it's not gonna fit and it's
still me not taking up the entire yard
hey but last time you swing me up I
thought I'm the dog um that just plays
yeah I thought you might
oh no he won't poop on it cuz that's
really our dog's much too picky to poop
on stuff he has to poop in his own
little grassy area so I hope he already
went today because he doesn't have a
grassy area it is covered with a
waterslide that's where we charge huh
that's where we find that's what you
think what do you think and sad a camera
I need an outside shot of that don't I
know
oh hey
get the hose out now come on it's over
with me yeah baby your baby garden
yeah thank you out of the water baby
card is gone okay here we go
we're about to ride the barrel I'm gonna
hit this as hard as I can I'm gonna drop
in from a jumping position are you ready
yeah here we go watch your hair can you
scoot back a little bit
in 3 2 1 hey den where my evil eye
hey go there bud pick on the surfboard
wait I gotta get you doing it I gotta go
to the side she's just talking in four
minutes I I've been preparing for this
moment my whole life I'm so excited
1 2 3 the baby goes the babies go baby
we're having the time of our lives it's
a little bit cold but it's awesome okay
have fun
even though he has the better chunk when
he can of all I have the better looking
cat that's the best cannonball of all
yeah cannonball
we lost the water
do it
that's one way to do
what's up the read read it through
mother I'm on my honor I promise to do
my duty to God my country tomatoes cut
off to not break tree branches bless it
infringes upon my water sliding rights
and then that said tree branch will be
dust removed by what a day Dirk amen
nice try guys
Derick on the wakeboard you didn't even
ride though hateful perfect
how was it oh it's up to it
tight yeah you knew that too you left
the board you gotta like hold on to it
tight you want to try
yeah that was good you actually wrote it
nice hey blah
what are you thinking what are you
thinking hey Liz hold me to the Tyra
suite at all sure I got a crazy idea
here let's do it what are you to do oh I
was not a good decision
attempting to skateboard
right you guys I'm having a fan point
I'm a bad boy oh wait hey SunGard golly
you guys come here I wanna brag come
here I wanna brag okay you know that
movie you watch every day icarly you
know the kid on there who films the two
girls what's his name
Freddy Freddy Freddy Geno Freddy tweeted
me on Twitter you didn't know that the
dude that you walked on TV everyday
tweeted your old man what do you thing
about that that's pretty awesome right
no pretty cool dad the dude you watch on
TV talks to me okay look you tweeted
this again look close he said watch the
new shaycarl vid if I were mitchel Musso
and shaycarl yelled out my name during
an autograph signing I would flip out he
rocks what's the name son turd hey
Freddy oh my brother's call me Freddy I
Love You Man nice now my kids think I'm
cool yes
