here what's that honey said everybody
needs to be following car making
some pasta and some stuffed mushrooms
and some garlic okay all right mama all
right mama
bearded leprechaun bearded leprechaun
where you're going very leprechaun you
find your pot of gold
yeah we're smoking out the joint but
let's see that Sun tard
let's see your mask hilarious we're
gonna do as a leprechaun huh true thing
upside down you're gonna turn things
upside down is that what they do what
their stuff upside down and then we
caught a leprechaun nice would you do
with them in there as a bagger would you
put them in the extra bag Emily put them
in another brown bag but then guess what
happened when we came inside after what
what oh crap you got away those
leprechauns are sneaky aren't they yeah
they're so sneaky and guess what what no
that's awesome
did you get eight once you hand those
over you can't chew on scissors stick
your tongue out here stick your tongue
out real quick
okay we're watching working some garner
Vice President Joe Biden and alphaCAT is
supposed to be on I think it's like the
Washington Correspondents Dinner or
something about your woods it's it's
pretty funny Joe Biden's pretty funny
anyways alphaCAT supposed to be on as
Obama so I'm watching it on c-span 2
right now I'm excited to see it nervous
for him I've worked with President Obama
a lot of people there I mean a lot of
them the head of security for these
events
defended anyone don't worry I made you
to a beer summit everything will be okay
Bill O'Reilly today after party I told
him Joe I'm not Irish he says oh sure
you are
he's still looking he's still convinced
that my name is ' mama
good job alphacat iman meeting Vice
President Biden that's awesome
that is so who says YouTube isn't the
wave of the future
whoa good job Iman that was so awesome
alphaCAT is you of course you know who
he is check them out leaked to the
sidebar he's awesome that was I'm so
proud I'm like sweating I was nervous I
was like he's doing good doing good
oh man I'm like so proud that was
awesome good job dude I think those are
a little too big for you a little too
big for you is that fun
watch out Malik I won't escape
Lord escape say daddy daddy is there any
food for me daddy I'm hungry guys okay
up guys
sorry I was watching something I was
that we were watching Seinfeld mute this
mute it mute it
I always feel um whenever I'm watchin uh
we watch Seinfeld a lot like late at
night because the news comes on here's
here's our tradition put the kids to bed
we start watching the news and then we
get super depressed because all because
we live in Los Angeles we live in Los
Angeles and it's like uh so do you know
a girl was murdered today literally that
was right on before this I mean it's
just horrible news it's so bad
grow up in Idaho it's always like so
it's like today a potato weighing 17
pounds it was third biggest potato in
the world that's like cool that's great
news but here it's like 7 feet 17 people
were shot and stabbed and murdered today
and so it's always depressing so we
always switch it to wherever this
channel is and we watch Seinfeld reruns
and yeah we're like let's watch some
signs oh it's on Fox actually I think
anyways um it's always a that's always a
treat when we find one that we haven't
seen before because I feel like we've
seen everyone but it wouldn't when
finally one rolls around and we were
like I don't think I've ever seen this
one it's like is that even possible
it is the is it even possible that there
is a sign that I haven't seen I mean I'm
a huge Seinfeld fan as many of you are
but um what I wanted to say thinking
about is the people who got fan in
eleven to thirteen thousand let me
refresh because it's still going up you
guys are crazy crazy basically the
shaped our nation has collectively at
this point right now at 11 o'clock on
the dot
gotten them thirteen thousand new
subscribers our goal is five thousand
snap a Lilly ding-dong you guys doubled
and almost tripled that probably will by
tomorrow but I think they deserve it and
I think they're so good and it's like
honestly like watch like Little Night
like they're they're their video Jesus
I remember watching I get super
emotional I don't know maybe I'm just
gay I don't know cuz gay people are
emotional sure she did I love I love ray
william Johnson's hater thing he's like
thank you che sure that's not funny cuz
that's how I feel like some of the
people are when they take things too
seriously anyway so good job you guys
they deserve it and I hope they make
more videos and I hope you guys love
what they do I do so thank you for being
a shaped hard rebellion ight and and go
in there and subscribe to them because I
think they definitely deserve it anyways
we didn't really do much for st.
Patrick's Day in fact I've wore green
all day except for my sanics and they're
not shoes they're sandals but I don't
have any green on do you have any green
on I guess your your things green why
you slurring your speech whatever you're
drunk mana guard mo gets drunk those
Crest Whitestrips because okay pregnant
I should have been in the Sun I can't
tan I don't want to dye my hair oh you
haven't seen the new honey no seriously
you don't see the new study it's bad for
your baby to have white strips in you
have nothing to look beautiful for hey
just so you know I find pregnant women
sexy yeah oh yeah I do
gotta go
