once you lose your virginity hi I'm
vlogging here hey dudes and dudettes and
duty calls and barnacles i'm fillin
hyper I am done okay I am driving
currently down this road rush where it's
called yes I tell you I'm going to shoot
a video on location at a restaurant and
I'm really excited because I really like
the script I got my script right here
and I was just about to tweet head to do
a shoot I'm really excited because I
love this script and I thought that
sounds sounds sounds douchey I don't
know it just sounds weird it sounds like
it sounds totally opposite from words
that came out of my mouth
two years ago words that came out of my
mouth two years ago we're like okay this
top needs to be 72 and three-eighths
let's round that corner off and then
we'll do an undermount sink i need the
grinder and the fifty polishing pads and
now i say things like i'm going to a
shoot and i really like the script i'm
really excited and my co-star so
talented just sounds ridiculous anyways
I got my eagle eyes on so I can see you
see all English and directions anything
that's coming at me for rainbow trout
was swimming upstream this road I would
see it look at me and say watch out
rainbow trout Carl's coming down the
pipeline uh it's been a crazy day I got
like four hours of sleep and edit this
video and blab need Labadie so that's
that's a little update so we're headed
to the shoot now and it should be fun
and I actually read this I've already
talked about that but I actually know
the script this time I feel bad a lot of
these shoots I go on I don't have time
to like go over the scripts that much
and so I get there I'm like rushing and
actually read this one a couple of times
I think it should go really smoothly but
we'll see okay bye they get some blog
footage okay so here on set finally the
lovely Nikki where yeah that's you I
kept forgetting your name I was like I
kept almost calling you Nikki when we're
doing the thing but okay hi hi Jules
this is Jules this is our waitress I end
up beating the heck out of her yeah it's
funny when women get hit right
I'm gonna get some comments sure that's
never funny not even a joke about nice
together setting up over here looks so
fancy it's at the d5 that we're working
with tonight Blake 5 5 d the d 5 bingo
711 we got the 5 d on the on the down
low let's just call the track yeah I'll
try like the ultra better actually not
nothin on you babe not not nothin on you
babe not not not nothin on you
I love I do what I want to do I want to
be the guy in a song who basically just
repeats the person who's really singing
you know ya got got nothin on you babe
got got got nothin on you babe it just
seems like the easy part right this is
your part you just say what that guy's
saying but just say it like you're tough
you know got got got nothin on you babe
got got nothing on you beautiful girls
oh the womb got got got nothing no you
babe
can I get that part I want that part I
feel like I could be the dude who just
says what the dude was singing says can
I do that I'm doing that I'd call I call
that part okay so I want you guys to
check this out this is one of the
coolest things I've ever seen
on the back of the car this but is that
that's so awesome
it's from Utah - it's amazing
is that legal can you have that on the
back of your car and then check this out
like an eagle this is the coolest hood
ornament I've ever seen oh now a segment
where we stare at police officer bums
cop bums cop bums they have really nice
bums and guns you keep on doing that
thing you do honey
that's good movie huh yeah why is that a
good movie special why is it special
that relationship should we tell him
yeah okay so the first time and mommy it
was good the first time
mommy tarde ever told me that she loved
me did I told you already had a night
we're dating for like hella weird a
month or two months along we're dating
for like a month or two months and I had
told her I loved her I basically told
her I love her I want to marry her I
want to have four babies with her and
then I want to upload all of those
babies onto the YouTube eight years ago
I told her that and so I was at her
house no YouTube why did he I had no
idea eight years ago it's like what's
you to know so I went over to house to
hang out with her and watch a movie with
her so we started watching this show
that thing you do you know what you keep
on doing that thing you do and so she
had to leave to go to work because she
was a waitress and she had to go to her
shift well I I think it's the first time
I've seen the movie wasn't the first
time I was into it at least and like
nobody was in her house cuz I was at her
house and she had roommates but she had
to leave but I'm like I want to stay
here and finish this movie because it's
like so good I was here to go to work
right so did we kiss goodbye
and we kissed at that point yeah we'd
kissed but she hadn't told me she loved
me so she kissed me goodbye went to go
to work she walked down the stairs went
out the door and I was watching the
movie and then she came back in and she
goes I love you and I was like
and so that's the first time she ever
told me that she left me is during the
end of that movie and and at the end of
the funny part is the two people who
live Tyler's character and the dude they
end up together and their little bio it
shows like a picture of them it says
what happened they got married it said
they moved to Venice Beach California
and lived happily ever after
and guess where we live is that a sign
is that a sign that we need to move here
forever or move back to Idaho forever
what do we do it is oh nice anyways so
this is one of my favorite all-time
movies yeah you keep on doing that thing
and I can even play that dude dude
that's the only thing I can play on the
drums if I ever get next to a drum set I
play that guy's little story
I love these guys okay a atencion
atencion atencion atencion trade arts I
want you guys if you would only you guys
to go subscribe to this channel right
now I tweeted about them today I don't
know how I found them actually somebody
has tweeted me about them before they're
like Shay check out this family they're
awesome
there's 11 brothers and sisters and they
sing these cool songs these like you
know Carrie Underwood jesus take the
wheel you know a beautiful disaster by
John McLaughlin cover hey sister soul
sista
there's just Justin Bieber they do a ton
of stuff and they do it like in harmony
it's amazing I love it I love it you
might not love it I want you guys to go
subscribe to them I think it's time for
the Shaytards nation to welcome another
family into the fold like these guys are
amazing
I I want to hang out with them I want
them I want all 11 of them to stand in a
circle and I want to stand in the middle
and just have them sing and I want to
film it so link is in the sidebar I know
I say that a lot I know I'm always like
linked in the sidebar I really want you
guys to check these guys out okay as of
right now they have 515 subscribers
wouldn't that be cool if by this time in
24 hours from now if they had 5,000
subscribers and we could do it you guys
we could do it that would be I just I
really built something I don't know I
was I was listening to some their songs
today and I kind of got a little
motional I don't I met that out loud but
uh it's I'm impressed
so if you guys like what we do at all I
don't like what you do share your fat so
get out of here loser okay you don't
subscribe but those other people who
like what the Shaytards do go check out
this family and subscribe to them I
subscribe to them and I've watched all
their videos at least twice so link is
in the sidebar check them out seriously
let's came to 5000 subscribers that's
our goal as a team okay guys
5000 subscribers we can do it okay let's
do it let's let's get spoil these guys
up and I think they're really talented
and I'll just be fun to do as you know a
Chatard community okay so go subscribe
to them love you guys if you don't
subscribe I just probably burn myself
that's all no pressure
