so you are now watching the shaitaan
blog just sit back relax following
walnuts to the same shape as to the
things he does for the dual penalty and
just because he put his wife on lively
news he's got a very unless home for two
all ready for a baby also let it be
clear I use blogging here
I think she should start a class don't
you I would do it
hi Bo keep boxing on the beach yeah oh
you guys don't go too far
like
yeah I tried
my body
it reminds me of a parade what I said
yeah I feel like I'm in a parade we're
doing marching moves well we're just
here at Venice Beach
there's the children they're finding
sand dollars look we found a whole sand
dollar and centaur comes over and says
mom it's my lucky day I found the sand
dollar so this is our lucky date sand
dollar yay
okay so we went to the beach today me
and the kids and a couple of our friends
we are not going to meet in California
for very long so I really wanted to sort
of enjoy our time here and take it all
in before we move and it really got me
thinking about past times in our lives
and I don't know if you guys realize or
if you do this but I always look back
and it seems like when you look back on
something it's the time and your life
was much sweeter than when you were
actually living it you know what I mean
like I think back to when we were first
married or you know we were getting
ready to have Sun tarde and and like the
stresses that were going on and at the
time things were so like okay well when
this happens we'll be better off or when
this happens it'll be so nice but now
after all that has happened you look
back and you think that was such a cool
time just starting out and I I said I
don't want to do that anymore
I want to just live in the moment enjoy
life wherever we are whatever we're
doing
you know remember how much money you
have or no matter how much and you know
how much longer you have in school or
like don't keep looking forward to when
this happens when this happens we'll be
so much better because life is happening
right now
am I getting really like good I need to
just stop
but anyway I really am pregnant I've
been emotional I am gonna miss
everything here and I'm excited to go to
where we're going and have the baby just
you know there's a lot of things to look
forward to but I want to live in the
moment and just enjoy today right now
talking to you guys and I am so my arms
getting tired I think I will go that
means I need to work out my vlogging arm
huh
more wheeze on the swing that fun she
just goes that's fun you have fun what
are you surfing
let's go on your ankle what are you
doing
I hope pretend you're going to
Disneyland
what if we actually went to Disneyland
would that be fun you want to we are
when we're gonna go with Grandma well
that'd be super duper fun you love
grandma we wait till we're going to
Disneyland and then these boys are right
here every time they're bad and then
still on the surfboard that sounds like
a pretty awesome game what did you say
you love grandma what did you say though
you said I love your mom I know I love
your mom too but I love your mom in a
different way
you know I'm Sam okay
yes go ahead what I'm gonna wear to I
know we're surprised you're gonna wear a
surprise tomorrow yeah what is it what's
gonna be my church clothes are you know
where your church clothes flake I'm car
very keyword and
your tuxedo so you you want to look
some you want debonair huh remember
centered Dress for Success right all
right impulsion I'm gonna look fresh
Paul knows what is fresh right baby turn
Paul knows what's freshness you look
impressionist fool looking freshness
freshness
alright so I've been in meetings all day
I've been at the station
all day it's 6:30 coming home and I what
are you ok
it smells so good so bueno honey listen
and all the chicken burgers I've known
in my life you are the best of all the
chicken burgers they taste the best so
super good you love the music don't you
you guys gotta go to bed it's bedtime
for you guys you want to dance
you're such a you're such a dancing
maniac what you'll do anything let me
put you in the face as hard as I can oh
we got some people showing off showing
up for the will of these days this is
bringing my
such a great dancer look he hears the
slow part he hears the music the music
courses through his mail he knows he
knows the counts of slowed down and
they're about to get fast again babies
are just assault honey he was listening
to the beat and he knew when it was time
to get it going again that's the end
post always
