hi I'm vlogging here I'm up not yet okay
let's start off the day in an airport
that's always exciting here at LAX got
my boarding pass headed to Los Vegas and
we're going to go see Denis blogs for
her birthday a lot of other youtubers
are gonna be there before we can go
there we got to get through this line I
am I am literally only I've ever been
here when it's not a giant life but it's
just part of living in Los Angeles
Dali's Pete
with all these peeps all these peeps
flying around the world
actually kind of like a lot of people
would be frustrated with the lines but
it's kind of fun it's exciting
all right this is the walk down I always
feel like I'm going on the spaceship
like when I'm walking down this is like
we are going to the aircraft now I walk
down the special tunnel ghosts near
airplane we can't bring those in the
I also have a tradition to touch the
outside of the airplane every time I get
on
now it's safe thank you hey Shay Carl
welcome to Vegas me and my buddies just
want to say that we hope you have a
great time
my name is Chad I sure hope you find
your room comfortable oh hi I'm Tony
like we said welcome to Vegas it's so
great I love having a welcome party here
we are we're it's our room just of 16:01
let's see what it is so he's never know
what person you're gonna get this is
Planet Hollywood who's Steve McQueen
we're here in our suite and it's sweet
let's see what kind of view we got out
of this baby nice
there's the strip roller coaster sandy
all the places this is their new this is
kind of Hollywood's new it's like a
rental units in this thing that's pretty
nice
I'll let me plan a Hollywood thanks for
giving it three rooms you're our boom
it's basically since the flashmob final
Hollywood has been like the coolest
place ever and anytime we want to come
down to Vegas they're like sure you need
a road no problem we'll hook you up so I
love Hollywood okay wait hold on we're
here at ease our day is showing us what
kind of massage she wants good I don't
want like a messy boy are you a bear
right now it's my massage okay so ladies
if you ever find yourself at a massage
table with Tay Zonday that's how he
liked it
Yeah right yeah that's how I do it
he had a massage actually I got a
massage from Tina hi
wave it everybody well yeah hey crazy
massage boy
there's Joe okay guys so listen what
they're playing in the casino and I have
permission to use this music in this
video
MIDI mafia MIDI mafia yeah yeah thank
you thank you thank you
happy birthday
okay yeah I have a release I'll sign
I'll just I got to print it out on my
iPhone
oh here at Donna on her Diana she's so
hot I can't tell it her name it on her
23rd birthday happy birthday and these
ladies we just met them it's the only
thing you can do here at the strip house
right is it called a strip house alright
just like that we're leaving this is the
strip right here at the New York New
York Harley Davidson shop all these cool
buildings we say goodbye to the room it
served us well didn't it mr. Feliz my
room my bathroom I was naked and you
remember that don't ever forget yeah so
we've only slept in till noon fish okay
Joe so much has happened
Jay just turned 40 dollars into what at
170 177 so I just won a hundred and
thirty seven dollars at probably one of
the what would you say here is okay so
like here's the strip all these amazing
buildings and conceit owes and we came
to here at Ellis Island it is probably
the most white-trash casino everyone bad
guy from the Bronx sorry yeah nice guy
oh yeah it's like all the people in
there it was like there I call family
members that seemed like yeah anyways I
just want a hundred and thirty seven
dollars in the blackjack tables and it
was I thought so much funner when you
win I'm gonna write a book called it's
so much fun or when you win this is
pretty crazy as sign of the times maybe
not maybe I'm just I'm used as Li but
check this out
this was my phone I just paid three
dollars to charge it and there's
literally every kind of charger you can
imagine right here so if you're walking
through the airport and you're like you
got this right here look there's my
family so it's charging you guys I'm at
the airport about to leave Vegas had a
lot of fun just we can watch crazy heart
with Jeff Bridges such a good show we
really really liked it anyways I'm
charging my phone like I said what's up
dude I like how your one nipples pierced
Doha we're still on dude Oh where's your
one nipple piercing and you oh you got
your ears pierced and Macho Man Randy
Savage no nipple rings they're just abs
all day you have abs like that I guess
you can just pierce one nipple but I
only have one app and so I was forced to
pierce both - I understand but it's part
of the rules part of the rules we come
to Las Vegas all right switch head up to
the plane the aeroplanes excited there's
my family watching little kids just like
whenever I see little kids I'd like oh
so here we go going back to LSL Angeles
the whole of looks
oh the looks of lager must injure
I know I hear something I'm just a
blogger stop staring
it's like everybody started me now feel
like I'm being chased you guys are
making a healthy decision you guys want
to know why because I'm walking hey
I'm walking and I could be writing this
thing and I actually really love these
things I think they're really fun to
ride but I said you know what I'm gonna
make a life decision and walk instead of
using the Walker later all right I gotta
find that one in that so I'm here in the
terminal waiting for my plane and
there's really not very many people
there at all it's pretty like barren but
all the people are where are all the
people I'll show you where they are all
right by these there's like 20 people in
this whole room but they're all by the
nutless I'm like walking around like
course an outlet outlet I was just
thinking if we have electricity we would
be in major trouble I don't talk to you
guys about VidCon is what VidCon is you
may have heard some other youtubers
talking about it it's coming up in July
mid-july I believe I will put a link in
the sidebar to what it is it's like a
big conference you ever heard a
comic-con or like these big conferences
where people go and they talk about
their feeling and put emotions but no
there's be a lot of big youtubers if you
guys watch YouTube a lot I'll be there
and then a bunch of other people you can
go to the website and it'll show you
who's all going all your favorite
youtubers and it's more than that it's
gonna be like a big internet conferences
hi I'm just vlogging
but you guys should check it out I'll be
there I'm not sure if the whole family
will be there it just depends on how the
baby's filling the new baby the new baby
boy the new baby playful and healthy
they won't bring him he's the new baby
bouncy boy oh look at the baby belt II
don't quite know anyways so VidCon
check it out links on the sidebar I'll
be there and maybe mommy tired and the
kids like I said it just depends on how
the new baby is doing you know cuz
that's a month after the baby should be
born hey guys thanks for watching the
Shaytards videos Hey Bruce will you put
some lotion on my back
