okay what we're doing today is a little
bit different so there's this restaurant
it's called bucha Dave bimbo I'm from
Idaho so I had never heard of it before
but apparently they're all over the
place I just talked to some people from
Houston
this girl's like I love Buca di Beppo so
we are going down there today here in
Los Angeles in Anaheim actually and
there are gonna have the World Records
largest bowl of spaghetti and they are
going to give it to us and we're I don't
know if we're gonna eat it we're gonna
jump in it I'm gonna put my feet in it
for some reason that would not be cool
putting or beating that shiny little
spaghetti anyways so we're headed down
they're coming here the office together
I even brought a towel in case I do jump
in it I don't know well this should be a
blast it was really heavy
yeah I know you can oh we got our we got
navigators we got mini Mafia here what
up homies mafia spaghetti go together
such a cliche of course you guys would
show up with my marinara you guys know
these guys they did famous pH a.m. from
the Planet Hollywood flash mob this is
them you guys go check them out yes
everybody doing a lot more stuff some
more music well music and stuff have to
read spaghetti yeah gotta eat first eat
then art and this is Justin hi hi Justin
hi I'm what's our nickname for you
next next are yeah next our next are
where is it it's right here that is yeah
it's a birthmark strange for a pretty
chameleon
louder excited
what how are you not waiting around is
beginning I don't know how big it's
gonna be like cause you can't float in
spaghetti I don't know we'll see what it
maybe I'll just put my feet in well yeah
cuz you're the one that made us clear
all this like they were loud no and then
they had it like well let's think about
how to go throw this corporate treat
crazy I was just like saying like as
like maybe what if like maybe Nestle is
really concerned about my health
can you guys make up us something else
my obituaries that sounds cooler around
my habitu√© Ares make it like lasagna
like another something that's tougher a
tougher food a risotto maybe yeah strong
risotto giant would be like a me so that
could be like a spa battle I'm wondering
how big I get you're like a hot tub
sighs maybe I don't know
it's gotta be like a huge school you
think it's gonna be that big
well it's gonna be like a world run
right yours right what's the record I am
no it's I don't know I know
we've arrived oh I'm like nervous all of
a sudden we just got here there's a bowl
of spaghetti then you gonna jump in with
me it's you homie
Oh will you really see I was like you'll
do that Danny Boy take a dip the whole
thing there's no way there's no way
there's no way there it is baby
spaghetti in history
my name is the world yeah sounds like I
love my wife
I'm excited I just want to take this for
you into this yeah well action was here
30 minutes later and they said no it's
not tell this Friday so I I don't want
to seem overzealous but I was sleeping
in the parking lot waiting to be so
you know you're here to jump
I mean to carry this time keeper on the
world's biggest bowl of spaghetti for
the world's biggest blogger and then say
can I get in and then to let me to like
dive in it maybe just know I fall
backwards just fall backwards into it be
gentle don't be headfirst okay I like
land on my side oh yeah step to the side
and just do it just say
we present the world's largest pool
spaghetti to the world's largest
bloggers what would you like to do with
them I want to jump in this baby alright
do it I can do it it's warm don't worry
we're at the water's warm
it's like a giant like scary part of
before I jumped in here the guys like
okay so when you get in it do it like
this like have you ever jumped into a
little spaghetti don't give me tips on
how to jump in a bowl of spaghetti I
know how to do it is that fork gonna be
big enough
the world's largest bull going in
between your toes just imagine we're a
special moment this is you know I'd like
to say I've ran the marathon my wife
I feel like I should put a flag on top
of this lake I just conquered Everest
like to thank everybody who got me to
where I am today like thank my wife for
making all those meals for me the love
of food
in my heart and in my arteries I would
say we are the champions my friends it's
like our neverending story bring your
plates out whose get in here who's gonna
try it I mean you want to try it
actually I just don't want anybody else
to do it one of the world doing this
pray or shakes in thumbnail welcome to
America we have more of everything that
anybody else
my resume just got a little bit better
so much for this dip in your video yeah
you didn't bring any shorts raise it yes
I'll go to movies
like 20 mil you were touching me in a
very personal spot you better stop that
in the next 20 minutes
is he getting your pants we just hold it
for such thoughts man let me read that
was crazy
those those pretty cool he's just got
much attached to baby why can't I I
think the biggest bowl of spaghetti I
have the only world record holder desura
do you hold any world record multiple
records you do World Records Guinness
World Records now it's mine finally give
them one thank you down all the world
thank you so much and Qasim has world
records too yep biggest knows this turn
it let's get a profile of that it's like
the Titanic there watch others an
iceberg iceberg lettuce
buh-buh-buh salad no I would say most
consecutive wolf Killers salad oh whoops
oh we should try that there's blue
cheese crumbles yeah that you can make
you can make up like any the world
record like like any random thing you
maybe that has a world record no shame
okay so we're here at oh good Deb EPOS
still eating and I am NOT Catholic but
you have got to give some props to the
Catholics for this room if you're a
Catholic this is where you want to eat
dinner check this out
the Pope is at the table all these
pictures are all Pope pictures everyone
the flags of everything the Pope even
spins or he's right there in the middle
of the table that is amazing that is
amazing so if you're a Catholic come to
buco Debit bows and you've got to come
try this room this is awesome it's Frank
right here's our driver Frank hello he's
my favorite driver of all time right
thank you
all right we're listening to a little
Rod Stewart on our way back from Buca di
Beppo
look at Dave just have a good time yeah
Frank stop clapping and keep your hands
on the wheel all right face and keep his
hands on the wheel we're having a great
time and what a great experience there's
me there's everybody Frank check it out
I'm Dave
we're Jesus Frank so fun that's such a
good time break
