so you blogging you okay good morning
that's early in the morning that's so
early it's nine o'clock that's early for
me today is a big shoot day and I never
get a lot of vlog footage on the
shaycarl shoot days just because we
literally film all day Harrison he's my
director and my editor he comes and we
shoot like four or five shaycarl videos
and so it's really hard to get vlog
footage so I'm trying to get a little a
little footage right now with mommy and
the girls and mommy's baby it's almost
become its own solar system I'm trying
to flirt with you that was sexy talk Oh
your belly looks like it has a solar
system girls like that right ladies
that's is that sexy William belly it
looks like I can rest my elbow on it
baby tired are you doing your nails what
are you guys doing just clipping and
cleaning the nails at sl√°inte
so anyways I'll try to get some footage
today but yeah we're gonna be we're
gonna be busy shooting all day so it's
gonna be a good one we get to have our
girl time like I had a girls night out
last night sometimes complaining that he
never gets taken yeah so they're gonna
have some guys by camera so what would
you do for guy time
camera you don't know camera what a guys
like to do go see avatar oh that's a
good one and I like to come to them and
I like to come here and play more
basketball that sounds like some funny
guy time all right well let's go have
some after-school playtime oh it's so
beautiful who got that for you me and
why let's go play cheese and crackers
and second wall daddy is filming and we
needed to get out of the house because
we're not in today you only walks like a
little baby because you have no legs
well you have legs this morning where
did they go they went across the street
and died
they got died now what oh my goodness
that is quite the story I like it don't
tell me what cool could be showing you
her legs where are they I'm so glad they
don't go across the street and got died
I kicked you you sure did I'm so tricked
right now oh my god okay look how a baby
card is wearing
and centered go t-shirt can't really see
him princess chard has a little dress
well I think I'm just a wuss or
something because I have a sweatshirt on
and I'm all the way buttoned up and
zipped up and my shoes and my long socks
and I'm cold and the sun is shining and
it's a beautiful day but I'm cold I
think all the Heat's running to my belly
or something you think I was pregnant or
something maybe put a seat and cheese
and crackers and I'm wearing my eagle
eyes so I can see everything so don't
even try just look one past me I can see
it we're just here in the car outside of
our house waiting waiting for shade of
finished filming and they won't be able
to finish what they have to finish so
that's why we're just kind of pretending
like the cars to jungle gym and as you
can see we've trashed it we've got junk
everywhere are you looking at a buck Oh
fun yes and I let the girls talk me into
buying those princess books today so
hopefully they don't trash him but punch
it what happened solver we don't put
that in your mouth you're choked black
grouse black rose are you trying to do a
headstand - yeah good luck with that
good luck oh is it your hand yes it's so
pretty
they made it what color is it yellow
yellow without what other colors how
come you have so many rings on your
fears say because I like you like me
what kind of rings are they
get sick of fun I actually enjoy a good
month of the cold water
I chill like I miss ball yeah I got him
totally got me my friends used to always
do that we were driving to lunch like
it's like put it in neutral like this
quite freaked out like now you didn't
you got a little concern on your face
but you were smart to look right there
you're like the deal here sounded like
it was moving yeah I got you so good I
love my wife she takes these little
projects and she turns them into an
event she she always sits down to do
these little projects so she should come
over here she'll get a nice little place
ritter said she'll turn on some music
and then she just like spreads things
everywhere CDs it's so cute I just walk
in I'm like there's a major project
going on in this section of the house
right now yeah it's like there is no
mistaking when you walk in the room
you're not just doing a little thing you
are undertaking something large it's
just it's just that obvious um just
strolling software I mean where's the
next one
find it found one found it scooped it on
up come on I'm sorry
hey hey guys shaycarl here I'm sorry I'm
cracking up I just just it's just so
funny because I know it's like I'm like
well you saw I'm two days to clean up
poop there's a cooler water wait so long
I'm like let's go out and clean her
right now
so what are we doing cleaning
oh you need a flashlight a shovel and a
bucket and we're doing some chores at 9
o'clock at night I was just looking at
this like I was talking to the camera
that's that's kind of I shouldn't I'm
sorry well clean it up OOP gotta go
