hey guys okay oh I don't know that's a
patio SP keys so I'm gonna try to be
quiet
okay so it was a big day today I'm doing
it right now I'm recording the actual
video I said hi
so my shy come on how's it going hey
guys
then what did we do today we went down
to Anaheim and you jumped in the biggest
bowl of pasta ever said everybody's
spaghetti sit against it was great then
we have lunch in is incredible so I
didn't get a chance to edit my video
that I do have in store but I just I
don't want to miss a day cuz I feel like
I'm gonna I'm on a you know little
little thing here consecutively I don't
want to miss a day but I have two days
footage I just couldn't get to ending
today's because I went in a giant giant
spaghetti and I have now on it's like 16
minutes so I don't know if you guys want
to see it maybe open up tomorrow maybe
edit out just the best clothes but
here's my little video for today and I
feel like it's okay because I have made
a video every day for 365 days but I get
but um I got that more and I have two
days videos anyone say hi it's called
this is my bug ever say hi are you in
life yeah I'm filming it and we're an
uploader right now let's literally
webcam right up you don't add it in a
dollar just go straight through whoa
denne
I head it usually but on this one it's
different it's called it it's called a
drug alert
we're gonna upload this it's called
YouTube I pooped my channel let's do it
I love shades ours is the best channel
on YouTube and every
astonishing true astronomical we'll see
you guys tomorrow I love you
