okay so we're trying rose it's ladies
night drink no sale
okay so see who's got things ready so
I'm told it's time to do a back
handspring don't fall off the stage
please I'm on mom - yeah all right how
did they turn out Brock you like them
they're really good
okay yeah we we've just left them and
let the timer go sorry turned off last
night so these are our breakfast is the
morning on no they're really good
they're chewy they're not crispy
you could probably try one your tongue
just gets a little itchy
no that's really great mom advice huh
you're allergic but you could try one no
they're really good all right you don't
have to try one we're gonna do apples
next once I get my apple peeler village
I do dry apples yeah not to date oh wait
is the red light on em but with my dish
one you know show you it'll show the
knock hey mommy I practice decided to
start filming so what you're gonna film
and we have banana chips and my blog a
right now yeah yeah yeah now we got
everything over here and over here and
over here and the dark V by 4 V right
Yoshio see stay in the dark now look out
yourself oh hi dad
here's hey it's nice to meet you
oh okay let's go see my boat my boat is
like I went the asshole got triple and
that's my toothbrush that doesn't work
and this is the dark okay so where's the
Chinese oh sorry
after getting ready to do stuff it's
ladies night
Rico so and you are anybody's take a
picture I'm gonna let him try to go
everywhere no what did you put your
eyebrows darker yeah okay let's say I
like are you sure do eyebrows I got
somebody doing my makeup so my eyebrows
are dark is all look weird
yeah I never do my yeah this is like
yeah little thing oh come on demon
credit Asia
okay so he's called things readies but
nothing happened and we have these so
stinky things
right we're getting closer it's almost
time for everybody to start showing up
we just did a confetti picture look
there's their silly string hanging off
the lid trickling whoops we got a little
crazy then stay on you got to be the
janitor at ladies night get it cleaned
up I'm on it
what's going to be crazy and they have
it all decked out was like these painted
pineapple I love it Carly and Brie did a
great job and I didn't do any of it I'm
just saying but I'm here and I'm excited
okay I'm told it's time to do a back
handspring don't fall off the stage
please good job see watch me listen good
job you did it right this is our photo
area
now like we've got everybody here hi
April
Jenica like the best ladies night ever
like these are all the people I would
invite if I were to have like my own
truck
I really feel like that
the whole reason why this is possible in
commenting it comes from good people
working hard and willing to like share
what they know with other people so
we're grateful you guys are here
everything in the score tonight is 25%
off you have our new pieces which is our
Letterman's jacket and our treat
yourself shirt everybody's going to get
one before they give them a spot
nationally with a house but it also
narratives right back and they are the
best socks ever you guys but we really
want to nighty night but you guys get to
know each other so don't be shy branch
out talk to other people make
connections so that you can have a
friend share something for you or
whatever so because I'm you might have
business cards I can stick em in a swag
bag so when you go home you're like who
is that one girl that is that one thing
on an entry amah we have our photo hole
right here get your photos taken
students off something to upload we have
a video logger coming around plug
yourself because we're going to look at
socket Rickson channel our audience will
find you in who you are what you're
about other than that
we also make up our if you have oh yeah
there's makeup artists back there
they're great wonderful many make love
you okay guys let me show you the tricks
and party
we were shut up
hey guys so how do I need out I
is not as good as you more love the
purple Thanks
yeah I get something funny honey and I'm
on a sugar high right now you're doing
it do you know what I know they're
disgusting
nope ever
all right so the event was a success I'm
so happy with it I was like all day
today I was kind of like you know you
get so nervous you can see ya I was like
stuff I was so nervous I was like
overwhelmed like I almost started paying
couple times I was just so happy and so
thankful that everybody came everybody
was so helpful men turned out great
I think they did there were a lot of
cool like new creators and bloggers that
we met and connected with business
owners and then there was a lot of fans
that came in hewers that came in to
picture in the medes and had treats and
it was really fun fun so next one we
have an event you better come because
it's going to be awesome and you'll be
sad you don't yes
yeah we have a lot of new fun tricks and
clothes like there's a new shirt that I
love coming out and excited this is a
new one yeah that's a new line PQ shirt
yeah the one oh I love it yeah that's my
favorite yes happiness would tell me all
about this bracelet with an ice cream
cone on it yummers okay it's meatless
Monday we're having curry roti vegetable
style it's really gay listen but all of
my nasal factories are registering into
my brain whole sand
hey hurry Thor in the scene what's that
do you like it yeah my mouth no even the
rotis yeah I need to know cousin oh wow
help around here
chef rock card thank you
all right let's drop the roti hey guys
so we're just rolling out the roti and
we're putting it on the stove
hands make light work we're almost done
yes Shay's forever but perhaps she'll
working normal together
yep and he sounds running and then
here's the curry that goes with it it's
gonna be amazing
yeah that's basically what we're doing
am hi Jackson alright we're up at the
studio get a little family workout in
right you guys working out we were
talking you know Gladish never stepped
on something sharp okay watch me okay
that's love sexy so it's pretty far dad
do it again hey guys one more time to
show you
yeah this is our after Korean roti
exercise routine oh yeah
that's far you better make sure you get
all the way over there well that was
kind of wussy that's okay cool
no clothes
wanna see that one in slow motion no
it's good at me sweetheart
you got a swing harder got a contest to
which kid can jump with the beanbag
party right
oh you hear where everybody has to do
this now I'm gonna move a little bit
farther okay oh you don't make it in
you're out okay
is it closed you can make to Harvey
joke pooja yeah one two three go what is
your choice that's really far let's see
this I'm on mom
hey I love you
my hungry one to go I was amazing I'm so
tired
parable people
terrible people
you're a regular guy
but you try
to be something
Oh shame
time
Oh
