so you log in here okay so um I told
venez not asking this question and I
asked him to you guys did you used to my
video yesterday you have not seen it you
go you're gonna you told me not to watch
it that's how I did okay so ready here
we go you ready and you have to answer
the first thing comes to your mind right
as I ask you the question okay ready and
be as honest as possible ready what do
you think about when you don't have to
think when you're shaving brushing your
teeth what do you think about I think
Paris I mean there's not one thing right
well what do you say majority of it is
say a lot work a lot of work yes really
yep like the honest answer yeah like how
am I gonna pay for stuff that girls
really hot I thought that a burrito
stand definitely and then what like not
like I have to be thinking but you're
thinking about stuff you have to do
right I always think for guys sex and
money are private if we're gonna be
honest sex and money probably pretty
bitch Nietzsche the philosopher so the
philosophers and men it's all sex
ambition ambition like what you're tryna
which is great because it's money yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah you're what you're
trying to do that's sex and ambition sex
and money what do you think about I
think about there's a lot of different
ones yeah I asked well I was rendering
your guys's comments pretty interesting
I think about also a majority people
just think what do they have to do that
day yeah their projects are homework
job you know things that they have to do
that they don't want to do I'll be
interested in to be conscious of what
you're thinking about it's almost like
um I don't think I ever do this and I
would like to do this I would like to
like set aside time just for thinking
just for meditation like I'm gonna sit
down with the sole purpose and intent to
think about a solution to a problem I'm
having in my life yeah in a sense I
don't know if like I ever do that
I I do that as I'm driving and stuff but
wouldn't it be great is if you just sat
down you went somewhere a quiet place
and said I'm gonna sit down for 20
minutes and just think about a solution
to this situation what yeah like every
day they start their day by meditating
yeah you're just like getting online
like what how what am I feeling what's
going yeah that's good what I want to
and see like I'm not a big like I don't
want to come across as like hippyish you
don't know were like weird like huh
hmm but there really is something to
that if you just give yourself just five
minutes even where you just sit down and
think get on the same page with yourself
exactly what because you never do that
you know like what where am I trying to
yeah what do i what am i doing am i
doing what i want to do like am i going
the direction i want to be going right
now like what do I really want anyways
just there's things to me and then talk
about this is what we're talking about
we're talking about things like this so
uh we just wanted you guys to be in on
the conversation right Danny Danny
Diamond yes okay excellent
positive okay let's go from dream to
dream
I don't know the words obviously as a
validation but this is a great movie one
of my favorites actually I think I'm
gonna call this my top ten then you see
this movie yeah you like it this is
great right here I think my top 10 the
music to me is just like so powerful I
don't know why Bill's one day of all
this - yesterday we clap Danny thank you
some more like it geez
splendid thing all you need is love all
you need is love is all you baby is to
pay just one night just one night
because you won't pay in the name is so
bad that I know this you I have the
soundtrack love and me my wife have sang
this song together over probably a
thousand times yeah me my wife would
quit sing this in the cars with drive
places I guess I'm on this little razor
scooters let me get you guys it's like
I'm a dog herder it's like I'm a sheep
like I'm a sheep dog herder with this
razor scooter hey you guys I just
witnessed something that I don't even
really believe is real like I am sitting
here in my head trying to figure out if
what I just witnessed really happened I
was just at a four-way stop and there
was a lady with a new black cars like
new and shiny she was in the middle of
the intersection like her car was broken
I basically want to pull down I'm like
oh crap that lady around a gas or oh
geez come on dude come on scooch over
scooch over I'm trying to tell the story
all right sir oh that guy was too close
anyways so it looked like she just run
out of gas or like her engine was like
blown up or she'd like just gotten in a
wreck because she was just parked
their doors open and she was like on the
phone and she looked like she was on the
phone
frantically like oh I just gotta rock or
my car's broke and I'm stuck in the
middle of the intersection like that's
what it looked like right so I'm sitting
there I'm like oh maybe I should go help
her and I was like maybe I should go
push her cart help or you know get out
of the intersection and she yelled
something at this guy he was staying on
the side of the road and I'm like what
and she goes is this Roosevelt Avenue
and the guys like yeah this is Roosevelt
Avenue she's like okay she gets back in
her car and drives off and turns right
on Roosevelt Avenue and I'm like what
what just happened did that lady really
just stop in the middle of the
intersection to ask for directions like
literally there is there it is backed up
like 20 cars all four directions of
people wanting to go and she stopped
right in the middle of the intersection
to get out of her car and ask this guy
if that was the right Street and then I
drove off and I'm like I can't believe
like it must be some giant emergency or
something why would you do that like
that just didn't happen
it's tripping me out I think that lady
is psycho or something weirdness
weirdness going on in Los Angelos
seriously can you please just knock it
off you guys they just give so obnoxious
stop it you guys
please just stop it right now why won't
you guys just so they won't stop it
please
just three drop it guys why would you
stop it I'm not joking around just cut
it out already
no seriously it's not a joking matter
besa actively participating in excuse me
wanna be my kids real quick hey guys so
I'm just watching of the comments of the
video that I just uploaded and it seems
that there's quite a stirring up the pot
about the intro what do you guys want
you guys gotta tell me I'm trying to try
to see if people like the new one if a
lot of people are just like it doesn't
feel right we like the old one um I'll
leave it on the old one if you guys want
me to we're just actually talking about
that I was down at the station talking
about that with some people about how
people just don't like change and like
even us as youtubers at any time YouTube
changes we're always like know what I
doing they're screwed up the site why
are they changing things but then we all
end up like okay we like this new way
and then they want to switch it from the
way that we didn't want it and then we
don't want them to switch it that way
again that makes sense so I think it's
just all of us do it it's like human
nature is what I'm looking for and it's
weird which like we naturally like cling
to change like we wanted like have the
same thing that was always there so yeah
like every time YouTube has changed like
they went to their beta Channel no this
is stupid I hate it and now I can't even
remember the old way that it was because
I'm just so used to this way anyway so
you guys let me know do you want to stay
the same you want to just the Harry I'm
vlogging here you want that or should we
I was thinking I would just put like a
whole bunch like anybody who sends me an
intro maybe I'll just use it and like
maybe that could be different every day
I don't know but I just thought well
let's just play around them for a while
so you guys let me know what do you want
to do it's your intro you guys pick it
I'll do it okay this is the democracy
right unless I say something that I
really want to happen then that's gonna
happen right guys cuz daddy's in charge
huh what daddy says goes in this in this
little world there's no democracy here
you guys can maybe state your opinion
but in the overall scheme of things I'm
Hitler and you're my followers sure
children what do I think you guys hate
being a follower of Hitler
see registar loves Hitler what you meant
to say is you love your mommy and daddy
huh
is that right do you love me you love me
the way I'm exploiting you right now I
just want you to know that you're
disgusting
don't what are you doing show us what
are you doing
show us what were you doing let's see
what were you doing stepping on her
jell-o she's stepping on her jello and
then she ate it but it's so oh yeah it's
so gross to think about that but think
how cool that would feel to step on a
big thing of jell-o that would feel
awesome what the cameras listening you
cut yourself that you have a band-aid
and now you're telling the whole world
something else oh you kids do crazy
things
I love it hey we're going out again
we're gonna have lobster bisque and I
might just have a couple of wipes of
somebody else so delish so here we go
baby we are it
enterprise fish and I have got a
sandwich it's fish it's not good but
everything else I used to get here is
good like the sandwich really good
so do you guys have is the best thing in
the world and Lindy it's the best and
without
no I mentioned
name that movie would you name it in the
comments she owes no I mentioned the
best that's all I'm gonna give it
and if you guys get it you'll be the
shining gold star okay I'm gonna go pick
around my first sandwich by recording
like oh oops
anyway I have to correct myself it's not
a movie it's a TV show
okay
