for to use login here sounds funny
hearing it over and over we what does it
mean this just means you having a good
time I want to play the Wii now that I
think about it that's genius marketing
to name a videogame the Wii because the
word we is just fun ready whoa what's a
ground ball the third baseline get it
get it get it get it
oh it's foul ball all right show me what
you got
oh you think cuz you're spitting you're
gonna be cool yet oh my it was my curve
slider screwball ready that was horrible
we want a picture not a belly itcher
here we go ready yes go go go go faster
faster faster faster faster path their
height she's amazing hi hi you ready no
hole your feet up guess what time for
breakfast tried to get into gymnastics
and babies hard it's gonna be the same
time guess what
oh wow that was good hey talking what
baby that's gonna be old enough to do
gymnastics and balances
am I just excited because I'm the mom
I'm excited
gee willikers
ready push cats bro step in poop yeah
yeah we have to go into the back alley
way cuz daddy just hit a grand slam
daddy hit it over the house and take the
balls in the alleyway now
I was trying to secretly record you
because you'll never sing when I put the
camera on you mommy's heart is such a
good singer but she hides her talents
you know in the Bible how they're like
don't hide your talents she does that
she buries her talents you do too well
there's the whole world the Bible says
but your light should be not put under a
bushel but be put up on a hill for the
whole world to see and every time I try
to get her singing on camera she won't
do it so I'm sitting here using my
webcam it's like a rearview mirror to
try to sneak and catch her when can you
sing right now I haven't seen full-out
like you do when the camera's not on the
jobs a game
becomes a piece of cake go down go down
go down go down in done
oh she hit me right in the lip
mommy tar loves that where's my new
skateboard what my skateboard those kids
keep playing with it no I can't find it
I want to use it to put out to the store
okay I found I'm at the store just
grabbing some some snacks and medicine
some antacid I'm gonna try to go down
this little hill here we go my new shoes
- oh it's so smooth look at the
beautiful sunset look at my beautiful
feet I'm a beautiful skateboard
his wheels are so big and soft I want to
get on the big hill and try this for
reals like a downhill experience Oh made
it okay so wait wait wait you guys know
what are we talking about
I'm Castle G whose Kassem G my friend
from where what's the station what's the
station oh okay I didn't yeah okay um
what does Kassem G look like who's
Kassem G black hair he has a monster
truck his wheels are high
black glasses the Kassem G is my friend
from this station who has a monster
truck whose tires are high and he has a
black hat and black glasses and a great
jacket is that right yeah is that all we
know about Kassem G his wife named Nikki
yes how long have they been married for
how long has Qasim and Nick even married
so just in case you guys didn't know
they're not married yet and Nikki does
not have a little baby
for some reason they started hot talking
about Qasim and so uh oh just thought
I'd ask him some questions on camera so
Qasim why aren't you married yet why
don't you have a little baby honk at
from G G oh hi I know those guys you see
this girl right here we've made out like
extensively before
yeah
this is rocket let's buy it it's only
$3,200 let's buy it
who wants it let's get it I'm on it okay
put it on my card yeah right I can't
afford that I just feel like I'm gonna
get in trouble for playing the
instruments drum nice good she'll go in
there to go there and watch him
let's go in there
radicals I guess rocking it at this
girlfriend oh no no here we go here we
go oh snap
mommy tired what is with your children
they are dancing machines I was in this
room right here playing the guitar that
princess art goes daddy do you wish
you're a rock star
alright guys let's go
okay so mami tarde is wanting to buy a
mirror one of these hi and I remember my
mom having one of these oh this is
creepy can you see me you can see like
every one of your pores it put your face
in there closer oh look out look how
ugly you look that close can you believe
how ugly you look up that close I do we
like huge where's the oddly you look I
just remember always thinking that like
my mom had one of those and the mirror
the other side of the mirror is like
magnified I remember like looking at
myself really close and thinking I'm
ugly I'm just clothes there's like weird
hairs grown everywhere you've seen my
pores okay which number one who's number
one go get you that one
but Lina hey I know it's tiring is it
echo in here yeah which is the one still
wanna know push the button oh hi come on
in
get the 1 push it push it
we're just gonna yell really loud if you
guys don't mind we like the echo in here
let go oh you guys one do it she's gonna
try it let go she wanted to dance too a
little bit
oh are you guys gonna temper just
kidding oh here we are thanks for
enjoying our show thank you thank you
thank you oh it's great dancing princess
guard I was good dancing hi hi I'm just
filming everybody I'm so lucky
I've never gotten beat up yet you can
one let's go this way sometimes I just
like just film people around them and
I've never ever once luckily had
something like what are you doing champ
take out my face punch what's this movie
you guys nice way to be ingrain way to
have disney on your brain duper haha oh
you guys know
okay so I just showed up to this house
and we got squeegee glass oh hi Molly
so I was been watching your videos
lately and that sucks about your grandma
so I really sucked on the last time I
was watching your video you had to
Washington face at school that's uh cool
cuz your grandma won't even let you guys
use your water she said I overheard 75
Santa didn't use it I that I just was so
I was I just want to let you know that I
was so proud of you that you were so
positive funny
so anyways Molly is great to talk to you
check out Molly's channel in the sidebar
