so you are now watching the shades are
drawn just sit back relax follow along
to the same shape as to the things he
does for the family and just because
online for - hey he's blogging you good
morning it's 1:00 in the afternoon it's
1:00 in the afternoon um I had a weird
night lesson I went to bed at midnight
which is early for me and then I woke up
at like 4:30 and I just couldn't sleep
that was weird and so I got up and I was
like looking at the computer and stuff
and then I just fell asleep on the couch
and after I went I fell asleep it like
tenho mundane facts you don't care but I
just sit here we're going to get me and
Malachi hair are going to get princes
tarde from school that's right daddy
we're a team we're doing errands
together cuz we're best buddies
I feel sad today because my mom's dog
had to be put to sleep while my mom was
here in California
his name was Gidget bless his heart love
you gadget he was he was he was one of
two dogs and I grew up with Skeeter and
Gidget were the two dogs that uh
basically we had from when I was 12 I
mean they're both like 15 16 years old
and we had a black lab named Skeeter and
this was little white Maltese named
Gidget and basically my whole
adolescence
my mom had these sweet our family had
these two dogs Skeeter and Gidget and
they both in the last three months have
both died and that's like I think that's
it really makes me feel like an adult
now like Mike my childhood dogs that I
grew up with have both died it's kind of
sad just thinking about that just
thinking about where they are at right
now do all of dogs really go to heaven I
was also thinking about this this quote
I heard somebody a Kember who was I
always do you guys ever do that you have
the all these quotes floating around
your mind oh look alcohol Anonymous's
are getting out this all these people
right here I probably shouldn't film
them this is an Alcoholics Anonymous
meeting and they all whenever we go pick
up princess tart they're all getting out
they all meet there they all meet there
for their air AAA meetings I always want
to try by me like funny though anyways
I'm just I'm rambling basically there's
this quote that a guy I read somewhere
the guy says I can tell you what type of
person you are if I knew what you think
about when you don't have to think does
that make sense when you're doing a
mundane task like driving your car what
do you think about what's on your mind
as you are shaving what goes through
your head as you are obtained your shoes
the tasks of the day do you think what
do you think about when you don't have
to think what do I think about hey you
ready here we go
playing a game of catch ready mommy Tori
what's for dinner what homework is for
dinner we've been going out to dinner
way too often just with the birthday my
mom sisters in town we're like we're
broke
it's much easier it's funner it's easier
for your fur yeah so we're cooking
enchiladas tonight mommy tarts famous
enchiladas
they're so good and she's perfected him
because she's made him for a while and
thank you
and they're really good and apparently
the guy who runs my web site he said
that some of you who were asking for the
recipe on our website so we'll post that
when are we gonna post that honey yeah
give me the recipe and we'll post it if
you guys want to try mommy turns
enchiladas you guys can try making them
at home all by yourself they don't like
them they can go ahead and kiss my
enchiladas um you guys haven't checked
in our website so I got link in the
sidebar
I'm gonna beat him real quick hold on
okay there I'm done anyways check out
our website if you ever like ah I want
to I want to I missed a video I don't
want to look everywhere for the video or
or what are you tweeted literally like
everything we do online is on our
website like our tweets and our daily
booth pictures and our videos so check
out the website shaycarl calm pretty
often my good buddy Stuart built it for
us so look check it out no oh I think
you hit the wall okay you guys ready for
Dindin dinner didn't didn't dinner got a
little bit of enchilada hey mami tarde
let me ask you a questions I want you to
tell me the answer I'm gonna ask you the
question and you have to answer
immediately okay you ready what do you
think about when you don't have to think
what do you think about when you're
doing your makeup I think about what I
have to do for the day yeah interesting
interesting do you think about when you
don't have to you need to think about
better stuff think about ideas and
possible theories when's mommy tarde
gonna start uploading videos on her
Katie let Channel you know we'll do them
quit raising these three kids and make
videos who cares about these brats we
want more Katie that
videos halts my thinking every time I
start thinking what all teach you it's
so simple
Thunder what do you think about when you
don't have to think you don't know
yeah you should learn Final Cut Pro
anyways what do you guys think about we
don't have to think think think think
about it
think think think about I think about
enchiladas let's go
I understand peekaboo what happened what
happened when in the next morning
exciting stuff we're having family night
boring stories our mom okay
slightly okay so the kids I had to run
to a meeting tonight and um the kids and
mom made me a surprise and they said
that's when I got home it would be ready
for me okay show me don't tell me I did
I and I was trying to guess I was trying
to get him to tell me before I left but
they wouldn't tell me because they
wanted to surprise me when I got back
from my meeting so the big surprise of
what the treat is is about to be
revealed
why how is it a surprise I can save it
for win oh you guys brush your teeth
okay yeah you're right we won't eat any
tonight after you go to bed because
right it's too late you're right mommy
guard you can eat some after school yeah
yeah let's save them for tomorrow after
school okay let's have you guys save
them for tomorrow after school and then
I'll just hang out with them a little
bit too
after you guys went to bed is that cool
okay thank you these are some of my
favorite things ever yes okay so if you
guys have never tried these these are
like golden crisp s'mores I golden gram
Golden Grahams s'mores they're chocolate
and marshmallows and Golden Grahams if
you guys mark smelly it's amazing have
you guys have ever had it my grandma
always made it for me growing up my
grandma always made this for me growing
up and it was like every time we to my
grandma's house was like oh oh oh and I
guarantee you there is at least a
hundred people watching this video right
now who are going like oh oh and no did
you oh my mouth is watering you've had
these before and you know that the
Blessed union of souls that came
together to create this deliciousness
all right so go make your own okay okay
come on I'm putting you guys to bed
because mommy's going to sleep she's
tired good night good night you guys say
good night sheikha night should I the
world says and then we put them up for
adoption
