hey I think I need a new intro does
anybody want to make me one a source
here at tub
we're here at of lunch at it's a place
called Maria Sol Maria Sol and it's on
the very very end of the Santa Monica
Pier
and it's pretty crazy because we're
sitting here and we're looking at the
ocean right here and that the land is in
there so we're out in the ocean on the
pier looking into the land it's pretty
crazy right mom that's so crazy
that'll be intere iJustine they beat our
it's drawn a masterpiece
she looks so stressed out I gotta get
this done deadlines deadlines oh I have
this turned in my next week don't bother
me dad I don't have time Charles we are
now better friends because of this story
if it is exactly to guard so went up
okay and got to the where the second is
best barbed worm still sticking yeah
yours was a lure right thing oh no she
had us she had a fishing pole I was
sitting in the back of the canoe
she-wolves efficient pull back like this
the lure hooks in my nose and she goes
so bad we are and that is gonna close
who does it happen to know me and
Charles apparently have both had that
same thing worst part of this the worst
part is now I have like breathing
problem oh really I like one side of my
deviated septum I've broken my nose
twice so I have breathing problems
you're a horrible fisher girl that's so
crazy I mean Charles have both been
hooked in the nose me with the lure and
him with the hook and worm watch some
reason I walk around
it's like those people have been struck
by lightning like four times never
happens
come on what are you guys talking about
okay Simpson not a Jew what no there you
go
and we're all doing it now no no no no
sit down sit up printer starts sit down
okay
we're just here in sunny California
Justine and Katie left look so cozy
isn't this great on the beach guys and
Here I am I got my sandals short sleeve
and me too I want to do too what do you
see princess tard you see a yellow fish
down there
there's the pier there's the ferris
wheel there's a Charles Trippy head
right there that's any Charles Trippy
here Loeb right there oh it's so nice I
love this year look this is my second
favorite earlobe my first favorite your
love is this this is my first never your
love right here okay robot you ride the
ferris wheel this is gonna be our second
time ever riding it yeah
I'm really not but he is ready grandma
this is so beautiful I did how it means
so mad you're scaring the baby I love it
I wish your rocket I should all those
other guys you guys are boring
you gonna push me off I wonder if
anybody's ever tried to jump off this
into the ocean it's a windy day up here
too this is awesome
loving it white-knuckle I know we cut
some white knuckler we got some white
night colors daddy's not afraid though
tub are you scared are you scared you
tough that a kid
I love America
two times maybe cards dancing to the new
Fred album yes Harriet the new Fred
album I got a she's a stout it's totally
in the new Fred album I'm rocking out to
it I'm getting us on iTunes ASAP
baby tired you dancin you walking the
plank
okay check out these little statues are
pretty cool
fifteen thousand dollars for this
look at that that is pretty dang
impressive
it's huge it's like ups all you say that
nine feet it's probably nine feet tall
say that sweet these are cool
oh yeah
