hi I'm blogging here it's my birthday
we're going out to dinner you guys want
to see who I got in the back of my car
hi hey Joe don't worry and that gate and
that way if you have a heart attack you
can restart your heart at the same time
all right
we're going out to lunch and we have a
package because there's oh yeah we are
at the factory of cheesecake
maliciousness you open my presents I
have a couple presents right here that
I'm gonna open for my birthday but first
I'm gonna open my virtual present from
Kassem G and whoever else this is my
birthday collab and I haven't seen it
yet and I'm excited to watch it hey Shay
it's your buddy cast well it's not in
high quality yet I don't care I'm still
watching her right now you're another
year older can you believe that you're
30 years old wow that's really old
you'll find on this video that I've
assembled some people that are your
friends and some people that well quite
frankly can't stand you they're all here
to wish you a happy birthday and
congratulations on on the last year of
your life or the last year what did you
guys do this stalk anybody ever
celebrates my bird
for words best people I know I think
you're definitely one of the most well
people here on YouTube
you just got such a zest for life it's
contagious and it's contagious more
happy you're living your dreams and it's
a joy to watch
tomorrow
energy into the lives of so many people
everybody stay a little bit many more
happy birthdays shannon birthday you are
an amazing person and you're the same in
your videos as you are in real life
and that's very rare and it's really
cool and refreshing so there is I hope
you have an awesome year and many more
to come
thank you sure it's she's here it is
once what should a happy birthday and I
hope you have a fantastic day focus
amazing this also a great year because
you're a really awesome person and you
deserve a great birthday you really do
okay well sure how would you have gotten
hang out a lot more while you were out
here by the way around that Lisa
Briggs's turn
Cecily
oh that's nice Jeffrey day like a week
until VidCon so I can get another bear
hug down no I immediately without
shopping you impressive after about no I
don't know a dozen stores or so I still
couldn't find what I wanted to get you
turns out have a single monocle sells
funny comedic town
happy birthday thank you that was
awesome
thank you Qasim that was really sweet
thank you I love you okay so let's see
that looks great in I like it you like
it looks good you were my favorite hat
so I'm trying you ready for my birthday
but I can't do then you take a shower
and there's all these chicks in my
bathroom she's so beautiful
we heard he did what are you trying to
curl the hair we have our secret
hairstylist sweetheart what that's not
appropriate
we need tart Hey always wanted to do
with one of these mirrors yeah what do
you think and I still have yet to shower
so pretty
yep as soon as I get out of the shower
I'm gonna have you do my hair I want to
look just like that so we're going to my
birthday party now we do have 13 people
in there we're like clowns in a tiny car
at the circus and I'm not supposed to
know where we're going and this is I
can't see nowhere can you see can you
see you be able to see I can't see okay
so we're going to my party
see you there that's a pun that I can't
see you is that a pun I don't know I'm
just saying words yeah
I'm blindfold you guys you guys are with
me okay I can't see and I feel better if
I'm vlogging I feel better if you guys
are here with me I have no idea for that
right now I'm a little scared
can I take it off now what do I do no no
no son Todd you're not supposed to you
want me to film you all would have
filled by so again I feel comfortable
with these these by my people are with
me so disoriented and dizzy right now
where are we so what do you hold me do I
have to wear I'm keeping my people
clipping okay so I don't know oh my are
we crossing the street turn this off for
meetings I feel scared thank you
thank you sir you sounded handsome
stranger just wish me happy birthday
thank you surprised since the price this
is so hard I know but this is like one
of those things where I feel like I'm
gonna run into anything something I lost
one of my senses I said bump into
something okay Shay doesn't know where
we're going but he needs to trust me
tell him to trust me it's recorded due
to me I feel safe with it is that funny
yeah you feel safer with my vlogging
camera oh I hear weren't in the course
getting nervous
you guys stay with me you're my only
hope
she's gonna be drinking a lot tonight
here's her ID right here's my ID are we
ended up where them I mean we're a
drinking establishment
and visitors
thank you for putting all of this
together
- there
nice to meet you it's time to get a
little emotional this is emotional hour
with shaycarl
it's late it's 3:30 in the morning I'm
just sitting here editing this this
birthday video and Phil who found Lea
grateful to all of you who either
commented and wished me a happy birthday
or who out replied me on Twitter or to
my amazing friends who came out to my
birthday party and most of all my
freaking amazing wife who planned it all
she knows I just that this may be
selfish of me and I love big birthday
parties I love big birthdays to me
birthdays are so important it's the
celebration of a person's life I always
hate it when there's people who are like
it's my birthday today they don't say
anything and some people that I just I
don't know I'm just
I like the celebration of people's lives
even if it's not my birthday even if
it's somebody else's work out a lot out
and cakes and parties and just be like
good job but last night was so amazing
and I feel so grateful you know I feel
like you know you feel like you didn't
thank everybody no anyway so if you were
at my birthday party last night and I
and I I'm so grateful that you so I'm
saying thank you man it's so crazy
that's a lot of emotions man this
weekend has been a whirlwind of emotions
with Charles Camuto and my mom sister's
coming into town and this party and my
30th birthday it's not just a birthdate
three oh it's such a milestone and then
the vlogs I mean that is huge I mean so
much stuff happening in in the last two
or three days it's like I really feel
like so overwhelmed and just like can't
even explain but I'm so excited that I
was able to share all of this with you
guys and 365 days I can't believe we
actually did that it's one of those
things time and pressure baby time and
pressure you keep applying pressure
towards a certain task or a certain goal
over a long period of time and you will
be shocked at what you can accomplish
and I'm not saying uploading a video
every day for 365 days is a giant
accomplishment it kind of is it kind of
is but there are great things that you
can do by just applying time and
pressure and not giving up and just
pushing even if you just even if you
just succeed and it's a millisecond but
a little bit each day if you continue to
push over time and pressure you will
achieve great things and I feel like a
little bit more free now but the 365
days are gone I feel like I can just do
whatever I want like I'm not gonna worry
about I don't know like I think I'm just
gonna make them the videos could be
three minutes they could be 30 minutes
so I don't want you getting mad at me
because you know what I paid my dues I
made a video every day for 365 days so
these videos now I don't know I don't
know how long they're gonna go they
could go for another month they can go
for another year I can make one twice a
week I can make one seven days a week
I'm not sure yet I really am undecided
so just thank you for being here and I
want to leave you guys with one little
last bit of old man knowledge because
I'm an old man now yeah I'm great he's
been seen these little white hairs my
beard I'm not that old
yep I'm young and hip still I've been
plucking the little white hairs I found
on my beard out the other day I was in
the bathroom was
like white hairs like pure white and my
beard I was like plucking them out you
know I want you guys to remember this
everybody in the world is seeking
happiness I mean that that's a given
everybody wants the same things but
there's only one way to find it and that
is by controlling your thoughts
happiness doesn't depend on an outward
condition it depends on inner conditions
basically there's a space between
between something happening between
something happening like a stimulus and
your reaction for instance a tire goes
flat you can't heal that by your parents
you get a bad test score you get fired
from the job those are stimulus those
are things that you can't necessarily
control that happened to you these
things being thrown at you in your life
you run them down the freeway of life
and these things are being thrown at
your faces and what real happy people do
is they don't let those things affect
them they decide there's this brief
golden moment it's a little tiny portion
of time that happens when something
happens to you and before you react to
that stimulus for lack of a better word
you have a small moment to choose for
yourself how are you gonna react are you
gonna let it bother you are you gonna
make it ruin your day or you gonna say
no thing in my life I choose not to let
you decide how I feel I choose my this
is ridiculous but that's just a little
bit of a 30-year old man's o wisdom
I just I'm feeling very nostalgic and
very you know I don't know forgive me
but thank you guys again so much for
being here and just you're pretty sick
of me I know I'm sick of me
I'm sick of me there was so many like at
replies on Twitter wish me happy
birthday and it just like shhh it's like
shut up was this fat guy with the beard
just
I'm sure okay I'll see you guys tomorrow
okay and then you're looking into your
soul right don't feel don't feel nervous
don't feel nervous because it just mean
you
it's just being you right now but I know
this is a little creepy it is a little
bit of creepiness I'm not gonna yell I'm
not gonna scary I'd swear you know stop
please doctor edit stop it where's the
button
