hi I'm vlogging here good morning
beautiful it's 547 in the morning March
4th the last day of my twenties I choked
up a little bit get me singing the last
day of my twenties it's been a great
decade I've gotta say it's been a great
decade got married in this decade had
four kids almost three and a half on the
way to number four found a dream job
finally three years of searching and I'm
loving it I'm a happy man I have no
complaints absolutely no complaints
other than the baby extra pounds that
are hanging out with me currently but
those guys they need friends too
so I bring them along for the ride I
don't want to get rid of them yes I do
so I'm headed this morning to go down to
the take one of these studios and I
don't nor it is I have it headed to set
my GPS but just like it's gonna be a
great day it's the last day of my
twenties nothing can go wrong
so here I am on my head okay that's
pretty good your wife puts your shoes on
for you every day doesn't she she puts
up my pitch she doesn't my pants and
everything that's all we have for kids
funny like that though what I can't hear
you me go boil some of your best work
she did a great job
yeah
you put some glue like on the pipes
allows or something I can figure yeah
that would probably be better if it
feels like we have a stapler stay put it
all here into your skull a little that's
what I asked when they started do the
makeup on me is this gonna hurt
do I get an anesthesia shot before we
start like the dentist there okay I
think you know it's Shrek it's hard it's
it's it's pretty there looks amazed
perfect perfect
so I tape it there like that yeah your
channel funny oh it's a pretty light I
imagine the big black ones might pop out
of our better I think those blue ones
are cooler but those are just I'm gonna
try to put a little blue to it than that
okay you guys it is March 4th tomorrow
is Jays 30th birthday and I have yet
another surprise for Shay yesterday we
surprised him with Charles Trippy he oh
sorry this
hold on yesterday we surprised him with
Charles Trippy flew in and hide him in
the face
now today his his mom and his sister and
sister-in-law are flying in for his
birthday so I don't think he has any
idea we're gonna figure out some way to
surprise him but I'm on my way to the
airport to pick them up right now
so here we go excited I'm excited bye
okay so I'm just sitting here we're
welcome by the beach and I have they are
so hot they're so la right now I wish
mommy tar can wear shoes like that no
mommy's hair would fall and die okay so
we're gonna surprise shape but we're
just gonna enjoy the beach first because
he's busy right now
Oh check out the surfers
Wow
awesome maybe someday all right
beautiful girl beautiful oceans
beautiful mommy I can't pull your mommy
card what around in the hop 2 yards
apart you like grandma's heart that was
sexy grandma target that's what you are
all right
yeah later actually I think they've just
teased me into coming here to be a giant
green screen for them I'm just gonna be
a backdrop for another shoot they're
doing they need a moving green-screen
yeah brilliantly actually is that
against Green Green two eyebrows and
yeah some eyes bouncing around
yeah I think so
okay
you just hold this reverse
cuz he searches what year is better for
it
problem I'm more secure his right one
way better for camera probably but I
don't know I hear about it without words
I see you're over wax in that right here
no and I think the coffee are the better
total asshole okay so what do you think
chase you try one that's great all right
let's do one so let's do one more
okay so we're shooting the next one now
and this is the ultimate okay
finally all done got all my green makeup
and hair off and now enjoy - you like
the back your head oh it's soft
let's Kassem G by the way you just put
your glasses on over that okay so all
done finished there that was a lot of
fun man I was so nervous when at first
like when - the first take of the Shred
cuz I really can't do the Scottish
accent it like comes out British or
Australian and it just for cos Shrek is
Scottish Mike Myers does a Scottish
accent like you did in so I married an
axe murderer and I can only just do like
certain lines like that's what do a
donkey that'll do or I can't even do it
it's just like embarrassing and there's
like 20 people they're all watching me I
was like so nervous at first and then
like I loosened up towards the end it
was a lot it was a lot of fun but I
headed home now and you'll see the
family gonna go hang out the last day of
my 20s
what should I do I should I think I need
to do something irresponsible blast day
of my 20s I got painted green I had a
giant mullet what else should we do I
don't know but stay tuned to find out
Marco
away away okay cut
hurry get him on strap him up we're
going out to dinner with your grandma
your grandma on your aunt your both
their aunts know it cuz yeah yeah both
the parents
sometimes I always mix up like is it
aunt sister-in-law it's grandma and
their two aunts and one cockroach on the
CAC Roach what okay let's go
how was it mom super delicious how was
it Carly
so yummy
you like it the way like the what watch
the comments guys it's my sister
the last the last day of my 20s I'm
surrounded by a beautiful woman this guy
and this guy
this dude right here okay you're ready
you're impatient but I like that okay
and I actually just got another birthday
present
whoo I got me some cancer ear cancer
headphones just for the hands-free in
the car Kay here for this it's my
birthday I like all the wrapping baby on
our sofas if you don't like it they
don't like it
oh I think I did I can return in
exchange no discussion - more flippy
floppies Oh Santa I think that's how you
pronounce yeah but but I remembered
those brown shoes that you love so much
yeah these are like slip ons and they're
supposed to be really comfortable what
up and they say that they're they're not
shoes there's still sandals because
they're so light on your feet will they
be like really mad at you yes you can't
call them shoes where's my shoes yeah
well I did read on the reboot they
stretched out yeah I'm sure they will
they do feel really comfortable though I
look like a shoe they look like a shoe
yeah look at the back there's no I think
they're just stretch out what do you
think Carly
grandma gonna let my kids talk to me
like you guys okay I have a lot of them
but okay so we're down with the pier
bring in the family down here grandma
what do you think you liking it
monetary what do you think like it let's
go see what sister and sister-in-law I
think sister and sister-in-law it's hard
what do you think don't let it hurt your
balls we don't want that
come on let's see it what are you gonna
do the one the loose me always a de Luci
there's the let's see it Kelly come on
cuz you like to pull out the loose need
got some nice fluid movement to it I
love it you throw them back hold them
you want to hold them no issues with the
lobster
Archer back it makes you so beautiful
touching
it takes a lot of faith wait what just
happened it's a little excited CJ's face
I love having Derrick's crotch anywhere
in this general vicinity it's amazing
you should try it sometime okay filming
children children be careful
mommy tards tired of walking so her
carrier let me get some butt shot baby
shake huh you're gonna make some calf
muscles can you be careful hi that's
unnecessary
what a good husband
Shay Carl how are your legs feeling
burning smile oh here we are here we are
we got a tired tired tired tired tired
tarts here with us beautiful the one the
only tired it's uh it's 1141 and that
means there's 19 minutes left in my
twenties
it's a decade it's a big night it's a
big it's a big time of our lives because
my life is your life baby thank you guys
we did it we did it we did it we did do
it even though I am an uploader tomorrow
no you had enough you uploaded a few how
many did you upload you uploaded a dozen
not enough to be as amazing as you are
amazing 360 oh my god it's so crazy 365
days I still remember in the shower
that sounded weird the very first vlog
being I don't know why I was in the
shower that was I don't know why I did
that but this is where my birthday and
we're like let's do this
and I remember thinking about like
should we do this I haven't we're
talking to a few friends thinking about
making a video every day they're like I
don't know it seems crazy
I remember thinking
it's just that's just your whole life
with me Mike honey let's move to Los
Angeles honey let's do this and she's
like okay that's what you guys need out
there you need a woman who will support
you who trusts you
she trusts me to that no matter what we
do no matter what crazy scheme or scam I
come up with you trust me that
everything's gonna be all right
it always is yeah cuz i watch after my
woman oh should we have the kids here
wake up yeah wake up come out here
anyway sort of sit here I'm just I'm
feeling really nostalgic and we want to
make this last little part of the vlog
and say honestly you guys you just found
our vlogs today or if you were there
there's a small how many people there's
a small number there's I don't know how
big are the number I would be
interesting to know how many of you
because I know there's people that have
like came found us like maybe add a
hundred or whatever and maybe you went
back and you watched from the first if
you did I love you some of you have have
top like at replied me on Twitter saying
that you watch the whole vlog series
three times you've gone back to day one
and gone through three times I love you
those are the people that I want to come
to your house and make out with you know
I mean what I say my make out is eat
their dinner that they cook for me but
seriously such a feeling of gratitude
for those of you who have been with us
the whole time even if you just found
our vlogs a month ago and you're still
watching them Melik I don't need your
flatulence messing it up
- the dog sir so certify push it all
Mike stop it
sorry to ruin your big moment Johnny
tard I really apologize fed me love
doors today so that's you guys like
there's just not a way to say thank you
like our lives have totally changed
because of this and it's it's a change
for the better and we've really loved
doing it and we wanted to say thank you
and we appreciate you just being with us
through all these all these days 365
days and oh we did it
that's all we can say as we did it wait
did I Shaytards hi I'm walking here and
then they lived happily ever after
