okay so as you all know Shay Carl's
birthday is coming up in a few days and
I have a surprise for him
tada okay he doesn't know the Charles is
here so we're going to surprise him with
me hi
we are going we're gonna pound him with
a pie house video okay okay
we're looking for pie pants so catch you
later good here we go you ready to get
you daddy are you gonna eat some that
you want them I think she wants it
okay here we go down here
I'll just hide over
okay
yeah
streak of purple and then I smelled
sugar is so funny the first thing I
thought
right after hitting the base I'm like
where's the camera good thing we have a
shower here look at this here you gotta
get my ear he's acting off except he's
like I don't even know what that is
nobody cos Ben's like there's like she's
around here somewhere I see a flash of
purple it's like shaking one I was like
I'm gonna miss or two he's gonna punch
delicious
that was the biggest surprise ever
Jesus tell hello McFly hello McFly use
me scuse me
do you like little tough guy now huh you
little tough game what some of this
why'd you get up why you back it up come
sit down
come sit down all right we're at dinner
run we're at lunch where it's it's three
o'clock in the afternoon so we're at
litter is that right lunch and dinner
call it dinner maybe tarts here with us
we got mommy card still coughing up
alone and we got mommy tarts girlfriend
Nikki castle doesn't even know she's
here this costume doll you're here she
done cast them right now with my wife
and I love it
he's shooting the video shooting the
video of course princess TARDIS here
Charles was talking to Allie on the
phone right now
turkey club yeah I got the calamari with
cocktail sauce delicious baby tart is
sharing the spaghetti with Princess hard
right
she wants mac and cheese so we came here
yeah she wants to change your order we
came here once and the portions are huge
so we're making her share with princess
star baby chard what do you want to eat
hey what do you want to eat what do you
want to you mac and cheese mac and
cheese this guy has one of the nicest
butts I've ever seen he's got a nice
bomb Nikki's been checking it out honey
come on don't be shy I won't be mad even
his butt was nice Charles thinks it was
nice it was nice right firm Charles yeah
here's a little lesson I learned see
like a lot of people might be thinking
how is Shay driving and keeping this
camera on child right now simple okay
I'm looking in the rearview mirror and
you're perfectly framed that's how you
the kids right they don't have to look
I'm using the rearview mirror right now
oh here it comes
it's once you get used to these really
put some time and effort into that
gluteus maximus that is you're looking
and nicely form the gluteus I should I
should start riding my bike some oil you
can see I have a nice bum right right Oh
looks like it's time for another bum
thumbnail all right
we're home from winner once again that
which is lunch and dinner and Malachi
it's just a little too dirty so I
figured let's do a little late evening
late early Illya tapping her words out
of my mouth they're not working right or
um we're washing my okay such a noble
dude good get him clean to the boy yeah
you spray me with this tie me to the
tree and spray me with this hose key now
Charles gonna squirt me with this hose
wait a minute that sound right you
already pied me in the face again
you're like surprise remember I'm here
okay um you let me open it now so might
I don't know if you guys knew this or
not I got it it's kind of embarrassing
but my birthday's coming up pretty soon
and apparently mommy got me a package
and you guys know if you're true
straight arts fan you know that's one of
my favorite word's yeah I think I think
mom's I think monitored selfishness is
really gonna be a fail here because she
bought me some for my birthday but then
she also got something oh no way this is
funny you guys are gonna think this is
gay but eagle-eyes this is one of this
is this is a true story about me and
mommy's hearts relationship yeah when we
first got married I was watching this
infomercial on TV about eagle-eyes
sunglasses and I was like honey you look
amazing and we were like really poor at
the time we didn't have that much money
how much how much they cost they're like
fifty bucks or something stop stop you
guys go inside
I've won I just OH
anyways so I was like I was as a Sunday
afternoon it was Sunday afternoon and we
were watching this infomercial and I was
like honey we have got to get these
sunglasses basically they made it look
like you could see aliens in space you
could see fish in water with these
glasses and so I bought him and she was
kind of mad at me she was like why did
you buy those
don't have that much money right now cuz
we're a newlywed couple were kind of
poor and I totally got sold on the
infomercial and we I bought them and
they came in the mail and we were both
like these Oh Ryder was over here and so
we bought eagle-eyes and we we used to
always wear them on long drives I'd be
like where's my eagle-eyes and she's
like they're right here and we lost both
pair so this is a very thoughtful
present for money third wait can you you
can't see under my clothes can you with
those be very very careful
This Is It this sounds like such a
promotional eagle-eyes it's what made me
fall in love with my wife
pretty cool okay cuz they had different
styles really honestly I don't even care
about the style I don't care what I look
like in them but just the lenses they
just make like HD it's like brighten
everything put it in front of the lens I
don't know if this will work yeah let's
see wow you look do I look so shiny yeah
in the Sun I don't know if you can tell
if you guys have ego eyes you'll know
that's cool I think I could see a mouse
anyways this isn't a sponsored thing but
eagle eyes if you're listening why don't
you send us some more pears cuz we f in
love thank you mommy thar oh these are
mine these are like so you don't ever
lose them so then you can just like put
them around your neck what's up is there
a meeting here okay I gotta go you gotta
have the ones that flip up next I'm
seriously gonna wear I feel like I've
honestly gotten to the age you know how
your mom and dad get to the age we're
like they're obviously dorky and they
don't care I'm like I don't care if I
look like a total loser these are
totally like they're practical it's
practical over comfort fashion like I
don't even care I don't know I think
carry light over here he's got this yes
pretty good yeah
there we go oh yeah there we go
oh wow that's like really tight on my
eyeballs I'm gonna try them on what do
you think it's really yes yeah
why is everyone looking nice all right
happy birthday to me all right we got
Earl Hershiser Trippi here right watch
the ball Oh Charles Charles Trippy so
great so good at that swing batter
batter - all oohing that was that deal
Murphy no grip you okay
Charles is Carl Carl's Carl your name is
is Carl Trippi from now on this is Carl
trippy he's actually he's he's pretty
immersed in his baseball technique oh
you'd be surprised
right mommy tired yeah I just know the
baseball players that do steroid okay so
um it is March 3rd I have to get up at
it's only 9 o'clock at night right now I
have to get up at 5:00 a.m. tomorrow
this that's honestly the earliest I've
been up probably in two years what is
this 5 is peak of anyway so um I have to
go shoot him a video tomorrow um 4 take
180 I'm supposed to play Shrek and
that's why we ordered well we didn't
order we rented it
we rented Shrek we ordered it we ordered
it
hard ordered it at the video store and
they gave it to her and I cannot do a
Shrek accent I can do I can do this exit
I'm not sure if this is British or
Italian Oh Mike Oh Mike aha this is
Shrek ah here is that Australian I don't
know I cannot do Shrek I can do
Australian and kind of British and then
it goes into Spanish and there may be a
little Norwegian yeah it is I can't keep
it like it's like I got it in a sow it's
like it looks like this so I'm supposed
to have this Shrek accent for tomorrow
and they sent me an email and they're
like oh by the way can you try to get
the Shrek accent down and I can't I've
tried I rented the movies and I can't
and so I'm a little nervous I really am
I'm really kind of dreading tomorrow so
I'm gonna go to bed right now drink it
some sleep and hopefully I'll dream of
Shrek all night and I'll wake up with a
Shrek accent so we'll see we're getting
to the last days of the vlogs guys will
he continue will he not should I tell
you guys right now stay tuned
why wait sexual stay tuned
