hi I'm vlogging here
so yeah just say you know say like say
I'm so so I'm ready yeah just kind of
clarify we already told her what to say
here over there okay I was in the truck
what are you the directors get the truck
how do you even tell people things what
to do oh all right
right okay so you're in Costco on a
really busy
we just have one question for you sorry
who buys the all-natural spinach pancake
kids who are - spinach pancake huh I'll
be sure to put some sauerkraut on it for
you - okay all right we're at best place
in the whole world it's forever 21 and I
can't wear a lot of the things in here
because of my baby bump but I'm gonna
make it work I'm gonna make it happen
look look at all this joyous beauty of
fun
clothing there's two stories in this
store - so we'll be here for a while
okay
shoes would be comfortable here no I
know
they're gorgeous but you never know
Nicky what are you shopping for today I
came here for a cute shirt but I never
know where it's gonna be her shoes yes
we just like to leave our options open
hey so honey don't check our account for
a few days okay because it's Nicky are
you gonna get the whole store I think I
have more whoa
the thing is I picked out everything
that looks like it would even fit me
because of are you trying on skinny
jeans sex dance I have I have a big
flower dress she's adorable
okay here we go
I love it when I try on something and it
just cracks me up like I tried on this
I'm thinking okay that has a spot on my
belly
maybe I'll try it
here's what I have on I look like I'm
pregnant
wait what did I think okay so we're
leaving I got a few things that are
stretchy and that's about all I can
handle is just stretchy just cute but
she felt like a big doll and I feel like
a big blob in everything I wore I think
he's probably like what is she laughing
at over there just myself every time she
leaned on in the dressing room I'd hear
her laugh and you what's good in
everything if it on yoga box yeah
workouts all night and we even have the
same color yoga mat are we so cool
like besties alright I guess I should go
what should we do another shopping
adventure sir let's go again because I'm
not ready to go home yet
alright so I just had a really funny
experience in this establishment but may
or may not rhyme with Flynn and grout
anyways uh just get a salad let's get a
salad
um this guy walks in and oh he goes up
to the counter and he's all excited and
he's like I ate a large milkshake he
like looks like he really wants this
large milkshake right and she's like
sure that'll be 279 or whatever so he
pulls out a hundred-dollar bill I handed
to her and she's like oh do you have
anything smaller than that I actually
can't take hundred-dollar bills I can't
take anything that big he's like oh no I
don't and she's like look you have a
debit card he's like no I just got this
she's like sorry there's nothing I can
do and so he like looks so dejected he
like like looking at her like please
just take my hundred down okay so she
says no so he turns around to leave like
all sad and I'm like hey man come here I
go
I got I had like three I guess I never
have cash I always have debit card but I
actually had like three bucks in my
wallet
so my carrot here's here's three bucks
just use it he's like oh man thanks so
much it's so nice like now no problem I
just had my wallet
Oh at first he thought I had changed
he's like oh do you have change for a
hundred
like I thought I was gonna give him like
you know five 20s I'm like no I just
have I just have three dollars and he's
like okay well he's like okay I'm like
getting worried about just take it he's
like thank you so much so then we're
standing there and then it's like
awkward cuz I think he feels like he has
to stand there like talk to me now and I
thank me or something and then there's
this other guy who's like hey I actually
have he pulls his wallet out he's like I
actually have change for a hundred
he had five 20s in his wallet and so the
guys oh great great so he hands me the
three dollars back
and I look at the guy and I'm like what
are you doing I'm trying to do a good
deed here you just took it away from me
there's like no no you guys it still
counts as a good deed and now you get to
keep your three dollars and I have
changed so it works out perfect I'm like
okay so still counts like yeah it still
counts like sweet sweet so are the three
of us are kind of standing there
laughing and then there's this fourth
guy who's sitting over on the bench he's
like you guys are breaking my heart over
here oh you guys I'm gonna cry like you
have three dollars he's like I'll take
the three dollars give me the three
dollars it was hilarious and then like
the whole restaurant was cracking up I
was like ah flipcam I just thought I
thought these guys think it was weird if
I said hey you guys um I'm gonna pull
out my camera and can we just do that
whole thing again cuz that was really
funny and I want to film it that'd be
cool with you guys but I didn't and they
called my order and I just took my stuff
and left but it's funny funny little
life instance pretty little experience I
just had Casey up all I'm gonna go eat
my salad now with a lemon wedge water
too and then I'm gonna do some crunches
