hi I'm logging here what's going on
right here
hi mommy what are you doing up there
does somebody have a secret stash
they're trying to hide from the kids
it's a pretty precarious situation Hey
Oh so what are hi choose I don't know if
a lot of people know what these are I
never knew what they were till we go to
LA
they're like starbursts are really chewy
and very delicious and the kids love
them and we love them have you guys ever
heard of height shoes they're so
delicious height you get it like knees
but it's really a citrusy candy pack
come on let's go we're going to the park
yeah
we've got a dollar mommy tart
something's gonna found it someone's
gonna stab you for that dollar I'm sorry
for the guys I think that's a pretty uh
outrageous allegation daddy tard
nobody's gonna steal somebody for a
dollar good
sure you find quarters you find times
you find pens but you don't dollar it's
true I have to clarify that I picked
this up in our own car not on the street
I didn't take something that wasn't mine
but I will admit yesterday at church I
was really tempted to take this really
nice pen that was on the floor what at
church even oh I even I even asked the
people around me is this your sisters
and no it was nobody so I was like does
that mean smiling no what'd you do with
that put it back on the bench see that
was a test it was a test you passed with
flying colors good job I passed I
planted that pen there and because of
your diligence now you get to have that
dollar I want the pen it was really cool
it was it wrote really smoothly I love
Penn State cynically can I test it is
that stealing if I test them yeah that's
stealing ain't something to eat you're
stealing eat did you did you use it I
did give me that dollar back you don't
get this dollar we just uploaded our
first man vs. wife episode and you're
getting a lot of people on your team
there I would say majority of the
comments are on team loser / team mami
prego tard I think you're getting a lot
of sympathy votes hi yeah yeah you're
getting a lot of sympathy votes I want
you guys to know though I am NOT gonna
hold back a lot of you were probably
like Oh Shay will let her win because
she's pregnant no this is a real
competition here's here's one thing I
gotta say if you're going to compete in
something you compete to win you don't
compete just to have fun that's not what
it's about
hold on someone's calling me hello I
can't talk right now I'm vlogging and
driving and now talking on the phone
which is against the locket I'm eating
brownies what now I'm talking on a phone
and top
what if they Derek hold on let me let me
hang up the vlog and I'll talk to you
okay okay hold on guys anyway so like I
was saying I am NOT gonna go easy on
mommy tard I'm going to compete with
every ounce of skill and and might and
determination and victory that I have as
will she because she's very competitive
and I don't want you guys to be mad at
me if I win the whole series okay so if
I totally blow her out like four to zero
I don't want you as he mad at me just
because she has a baby just cause she's
a baby doesn't mean she needs sympathy
Hey she chose - he chose to put another
human body inside of her body so you
can't have sympathy did you choose that
was a 50/50 decision I was your idea
it's always my idea I just don't like
the consequences all right so we're
bringing Malachi to the dog park because
he he's been like really anxious all day
long he'll run outside and then I'll
look at me and I'll run back inside like
come on I want to go somewhere I'm so
bored so we're here at the dog park
we're gonna stop here we're gonna stop
here let Malachi made some new friends
maybe he'll meet a girlfriend or two Oh
daddy Tarr don't be ridiculous I don't
need a girlfriend I just like hanging
out with you guys all the time okay kids
don't don't touch anything there's urine
literally everywhere you helping up
along there nasty gross it's gross I
guess some guy put that down there's
urine and possible feces on every
possible item what oh what'd you do with
it add a kid cuz why because that must
be someone else
that's true it's not yours are we gonna
let him just touch it it was that more
than me or let him just touch stuff or
inna
times gotta love me kids cuz I learned
from you not to touch things that are
not here and kid that's what I like to
hear
good boy today what on the way home from
school there's this big giant puddle I'm
not he's like I'm gonna jump over and I
was like um my initial reaction is like
you're gonna get all mighty he he was
determined and so I was like okay now is
one of those times I'm just gonna
my mouth and let the boys be boys
he gets a big running start and he goes
you jump it and he his foot was really
close to the edge so we got a little bit
money but he got there and then he
rolled and he like tumbled to the ground
and he got a little scratch but he's
toughing you God did it you so proud of
yourself
oh we got a little muddy but you made it
hey do you know I just learned this in
the comments do you know how to give
somebody a perfect high five yeah look
at their elbow apparently I never had
heard that but I can ton of you in the
comments that if you yeah just look at
my elbow oh ellan shut up
okay i'ma try your hand look at the
elbow just stare at the elbow I usually
don't miss a high-five anyways but I
guess I guess if there's people out
there who have a high consistency of
missing high fives look at the elbow and
apparently you'll never miss try with
your friends your this is a person who
misses a lot of high fives I miss every
she she her hand-eye coordination is
about as good as Osama bin Laden's
credit score I got that guy can do
really good cheerleading move but if I
have to coordinate it with somebody else
I just I just compared your I just
compared your hand-eye coordination on
don't stop ins credit score
I don't know where that came from
anyways look at the elbow if you miss a
lot of high fives all right look at my
elbow
look at my elbow you having fun are you
called you find any stuff with the urine
on it huh your hands dirty they dirty
the air she goes off in the distance Oh
dad I'm having such a good time this is
the plus look I'm in a new food she's
gonna fall good job and she couldn't get
up she was trying to get up without
using her hands we told her the ground
was really really dirty and to not touch
anything
helicopter so she fell on the ground and
she's like help me help McGee Hey hi pop
pop pop pop oh okay I guess it's time to
go now I had a lot of fun should we go I
did enjoy myself
I was I was copying you is it supporting
you I was copying and pasting your
citizen I just copied it I just copied
you're singing and I'm gonna paste it
onto YouTube did I look like I guess oh
I look that good that's really gifted
Who am I going to see I'll just hold it
down here so you wouldn't see me
recording you perfect copying you it's a
whole new instead of recording and
uploading we're just copying and pasting
yeah I'm copying a portion of our life
and pasting it onto the Internet sure
I'll be and paste happy face look at
that beautiful sky Wow so so pink and so
beautiful what are we doing mommy card
here we are at the park except for me
and mommy didn't want to go to the park
so we're parked right outside of the
park Hey Dude what's going on shorts and
a t-shirt you having fun at the park
let's see you drink at the park what
cool tricks can you do at the park dog
okay come on yeah
you know guys excited Oh what are we
doing what we're doing
sorta yeah we're sitting here watching
our children we went to the dog park
now it's child Clarke uh-huh we have to
have to let all of our offspring play at
parks when does mommy and daddy get to
go to a park let's make a park in here
tint the windows are you bring me a
sandwich I guess that's what you want to
call it give you a sandwich a salami
sandwich well edit that part out
actually sorry yeah probably
