right login here right hello friends we
are assigning some calendars you got all
the kids signing actually Brock and Emmy
woke up early and caught a bunch signed
so they're done signing but look this is
what we're doing sighs - Stephanie are
you practicing
great great idea just try not to color
on my table don't sign my table okay I
don't need that okay go get the fog
light all right these are all the
signatures
sorry guys we're not gonna get dancing
on there he's too busy playing his
latest hit on the ukulele and then
throwing it on the ground
oh hey Santa are you gonna play us a
song I said to Claus a song you can okay
play it for us professional I love you
Brock pretty
good job good job back good job dude
guess what guess what it's cold and
snowy we're gonna go down the hill I
said it's cold and snowy so we're gonna
go down the hill yeah don't do that
let's go ski in okay let's go up there
and go skiing you guys it's so cold
I can't tell if the viewfinder is foggy
is cold those blue eyes or misty
mystical ice this is actual it is blurry
I left the camera in the truck last
night so we might have it might be
inside yeah because the lens looks clean
right that's how soon there do not leave
your vlog camera in the truck when it's
negative three degrees Fahrenheit
outside just a little tip it's also a
new sensory way of seeing it's cold I
feel like you watching this and knowing
that it's foggy and why it's foggy
you'll feel even more cold watching this
one yeah imagine that frizziness that's
what we're talking about here hold stuff
alright Daxton this is his first time
skin and he is like a little astronomic
an astronaut on the surface he goes boot
come on patience show him how dad taught
you to walk in ski boots on your toes
like Michael Jackson you'll get it so
cute alright let's go skiing guys I'm
excited yo yo hey Jackson say hi to the
fine folks at home watching YouTube so
hey guys I'm sitting on a chair left 20
feet above the snow right now yeah yep
then how you sleep you want to show them
how we ski yeah Sean right now there's a
via ME there's a via hi guys those girls
they're killing it all by themselves
babe our family all almost skis this do
you realize this is like one of my huge
all-time lifelong bucket list to have a
bunch of kids that all ski together oh
you should kick the camera dog this
guy's the last one we got to teach once
he knows then we are set
dude you're three years old you should
be able to ski by now what is taking you
so long
baikin makes yeah but you know you're
just really holding me up on my life
goals yeah so can you hurry and get
those ski tips together and let's learn
how to do this okay excellent good job
good job
oh you got the snow off of him okay I'm
just gonna get more taught my love last
year and now she's shredding working on
it guys want to see look here comes
Gavin and Brock to the two brother duo
bombing it down the hill
watch him hey Brock hey Gavin yeah look
at Brock
dude he's killing it not even scared
Brock and Gavin Cruise in the hill keep
going shredding not giving a care not a
boy's like your job here Eddie get off
yes we made it okay hey what's going on
hi shaycarl here there goes Gavin your
legs burnin here he goes go Amy
Brock a the nine-year-old and the
six-year-old are coming next
there she is lupus Magoo face slowed
down young lady she's flying there she
goes use those brakes make your turns
just turn across the mountain big cross
mountain turns Emmy just big turns
across the mountain K there's a little
rock face broccolis whoa that curious
what's up dude don't be nervous
use your brakes and make big turns okay
good big turns across the mountain good
job buddy I'm proud of you I know it's
steep don't be scared just make big
turns okay use your brakes and make big
turns across the mountain you can do it
I know you're only six so this is very
steep train but I believe in you can you
believe in yourself and that's all that
matters
big turns let's see it have a kid click
this little boy
whoa nice good turns Brock that's a good
wreck it's a very good wreck Hey look at
me are you having a good time
you're kicking butt man I'm proud of you
okay hop up you can do it I believe in
you honestly a major reason why I have
not been vlogging is because I've been
teaching five kids to ski and snowboard
and it's really not easy to pull out a
vlog camera and you got poles and boots
and edges and net Gators and gloves and
goggles and helmets and oh brother I
tell you it's quite the chore but one
I'm glad to do because we are this close
to having the entire family being able
to rip down this hill and that will be a
bucket list moment in my life work
towards those bucket moment moment I
said moment why staying in that sucks
okay I got to go see you guys bye hey
mama turn the camera down the hill you
guys can pretend that you're speeding
ready here's our skis here we go we're
skiing feel the wind in your hair the
cool breeze on your face the snow wasn't
crushes beneath the edges of your skis
there's rock there's rock and heavy good
job guys
guys you're doing so good slow down slow
down
use your turn slow down Rock oh oh oh
that's a big wreck good job lost the ski
you okay talk to me he okay you get
going a little too fast there you guys
are awesome how you doing em thumbs up
nice
well apparently Kasey and Logan just got
a ride on a helicopter yeah that was
Casey and Logan thank you did we are
stuck
like way stock you have a jack no Jack's
sir what are we gonna do
like that helicopter fly helicopter
download oh here okay please save us
like to help everything did you shut up
in a helicopter
but here it comes here it comes here
comes the chopper
no they just got off that they just
landed and now that guy's taking off all
right let's go get to the bottom of this
I got another snowmobile hey guys look I
got here on a snowmobile thanks Jake so
I guess Logan and Kasey those guys got
stuck yeah there we go
they cut yeah yeah where's your truck
though ha ha ha I was like who is
showing up on a helicopter
let it burn we'll pick it up in the
spring so apparently the story with the
helicopter is Logan and Casey went east
hunting with this guy that we know this
morning and they got stuck their truck
was like buried in this ice they called
us and we were skiing and they could not
get unstuck and I have a buddy who has a
tow truck company and they're like come
get us and were like hey hold on we're
skiing so they sat there for like two
hours
then finally the guy that took him
skiing I mean goose hunting he was like
okay we're not waiting anymore I got a
buddy was a helicopter we're calling him
so they called this dude
and they flew to this ski mountain
because that's where we're at anyways
hilarious go watch Casey and Logan's
videos if I tell all about it but yeah
they just flew in a helicopter from a
field some random snow-covered field to
the ski mountain Dax can you believe
that your uncle's just showed up in a
helicopter great ski got the snow off
your skis clean it off your ATAR off
dude all right what's doing miles what
xyn only has one ski
well there's jackson and daddy coming
off the lift but i see the DAX it only
has one ski what happened to a ski what
are you doing bro you get a wild out
there oh my goodness that is so cute
looking
really oh it's cute
good job the accident you're a champion
bro yeah so cute oh my gosh what does he
have your ski oh yeah
there it is did you thank you hey guys
Jackson showing off a little bit cuz we
have a guest speak tonight
oh isn't my hair in your mouth a sick
sorry dude he's so silly he's already
showing her telling her all the things
that he wants to show her when we get
home like what she's doing the drench
movie with the grinch moving the boys
alright you guys we get to hang out with
Danny today to cheer today yeah Jenna
came to visit us now you see what I did
do it okay you're so cool you can
actually tell Jackie and I already see
the drink I don't know I think maybe
that'll help you guys like you know come
together on the same level or could
crush his heart I don't know have you
seen the drink don't I seen the drink
no neither okay what else is there
yogurt good job thank you he loves
helping him so
want to put it with the other yogurt
that's okay just put it up there then
they'll put them together a lot of
younger kids been into making smoothie
please still getting some yogurts to
make smoothies well fresh with yoga
sushi we like sushi what is that face is
that that I don't like sushi but
everything else does do you like sushi
you do your sushi boy Kate Micucci boy
who should know we should not look at
that yeah yeah okay guys I just turned
the camera on and I was totally zoomed
up like right here so I had to leave
that but what I was saying what was that
even be careful pick it off so anyways
what what do you want to say okay what's
happening outside right now yeah this is
snow so on the angle it's very bad I
mean it's very good but very blusterous
we're gonna be streaming tomorrow so get
rid of that yeah we're gonna go skiing
tonight I'm making a quinoa kale bean
soup and maybe that doesn't sound great
to death but it smells really good
haven't found the recipe mmm yummy so
that's gonna be really good
anyway we're making fun of me rude Dan
is here hi Jenna
Morgan wha and she's working on some
music with avi today yes we're gonna
watch yes we're gonna watch Pete's
dragon and just chill out and be a
family are you eating all the
strawberries if you ate all the
strawberries what are we supposed to do
when we want a smoothie
or waffles with strawberries it's like
no I didn't think of that mom yeah hey
Batman how are you whoa no no mMmmm I am
NOT the enemy
no I am is there some peace offering I
can offer you
oh okay all right hey Brock you need to
come pick up the movie so you dropped
Thank You Brad just got home hey cloud
the driveway with your face just I just
smiled really big and like you said like
hey I just pushed the snow down it
worked
good job babe what a day what a day
you're beautiful
whoo I love you will come house and
steal from feedback you smell so good
and this is what it turned out to be
look look that bad Donna do you approve
of the soup did you guys report at all
not even Robin you practice you did yes
it's so good I can't wait to hear are
you eating snow off your jacket works
very soon we tried to shovel it but then
we just give up
yeah it just drifts here it's just the
way it goes no no no but I don't know
but I don't open it
no yard no we already did that earlier
it was a bad idea don't dad
opening locking the door okay
