yeah okay help me slice the bananas and
we'll put them on the tray
but you can oh my goodness where are the
cheese hearts now that would be fun
should we go in
Hey what is this the twinners today you
guys look so cute come here and stand
over here clean it beautiful fresh so
clean so beautiful new camera yep it's a
new camera we got a new camera and I
also got a new a food dehydrator I'm so
excited to try it out because we tried
some banana chips that a local store
made on their own gathered and they were
so much better than the ones that you
buy and like a prepackaged thing so
we're making banana chips today you
excited I kind of want to make them
chewy okay because you can either make
them crispy or chewy let's try to dry
them just long enough so that they're
chewy and not crispy hey guys I'm skin
nice all right so we've got some slices
on here already just a few slices and
then we'll put them in this dryer and
then we're gonna dry them for about six
to eight hours ten hours if we wanted
them crispy we're gonna try it we're
gonna go for six and see how they are
and then we'll go from there yeah okay
help me slice the bananas and we'll put
them on the tray yeah you can you're
doing a good job buddy that's a good
that those are good slices good job do
you like cutting them yeah he's so happy
right now
you're my little helper in the kitchen
he loves to help me do whatever I'm
doing in the kitchen doesn't even matter
what it is
remember make him really thin okay we
got all the bananas and you guys want to
see okay we got all the bananas in
that's all that we had I thought I'd
brought a ton but this thing fits a lot
more so we'll remember next time to buy
a lot more bananas so we can make tons
of chips you want to try some banana
chips what well are you poopy yeah you
think let me go clean the baby up all
right I can't wait to try these in about
six hours we have a kitty in the house
who's that
his name is what Oh James yeah I knew
that sorry I forgot for a second goodbye
hey James is that James the kitty Daxton
do you like him is he a good kitty yes
huh it's like a tiger huh he is my kitty
well you know you can't really own a
kitty I guess you can be responsible for
one but you can't really own a life you
can just love a life yeah soft cadiz
kitty pillow James your giant kitty
pillow Dadson look at me that's mean it
could be a thumbnail or two yeah I think
so is he Perrin James well James II he
Perrin do you know what that means when
he purrs Brock what does it mean
that means he's happy some class
scientists are probably when some
comments right now they actually know I
mean
blah blah blah I think it means he's
happy yeah he's a boy he Kenny he looks
big
that's a Daddy kitty yeah maybe one day
he'll have to raise you guys you can Z
quit being jealous got a major jealousy
issue going on over here it's a cat you
can play with the doggies I mean the
kids
he's kidding so jealous I'm usually on
camera when there's any animal time I
usually get a majority of it I'm really
worried about James being in the house
so much to like aren't you guys
concerned about cat diseases and stuff I
mean cuz if I mean I'm cool with James
tuba seriously I don't know if he should
be in the house this much I'm just
saying look at these two Zeke I think Oh
No though if he wants to run away and
let him run away you can't smash him
well looks like he wants you to nurse
him tickle his paws oh he's a good kitty
huh scratch his belly see what he does
you get you he'll get you this is not
even a cat I think I think it's a ground
ball do any of you believe that that
like family members animals or pets like
I wonder who blondie is blondie just
showed up here one day
so are you James are used to cat was
there more to you what I just got on the
shower I'm Missy oh good jump bro
cats on the counter that could be my
fault Brock I mean cats up the counter
Zeke's hungry all right I'll feed you
come on let's food all right Oh bless
your heart look at you cuz that was
whinin that's why he's hungry jealous
he's hangry he's angry
don't hold onto his tail you don't like
that what the hell under your tail huh
grab onto your tail yeah I hurt see that
hurts
well don't grab onto james's oh my
goodness where are the sheets now are
you doing
oh my gosh she is so cute
so much cuteness hey yeah alright okay
go with him go with him don't just
thrown down Oh fun oh there goes daddy
oh my goodness
time for some shaycarl trick
Olympic gold
and finish
did you get a lot the pits of despair
I've been told and supposed to watch
this
two girls coming down any minute now I
don't know if they're racing I'm not
really sure what's going on
you win
in the ball pit
if you in
one of these for the basement oh that
would be fun that's a good idea
he's gonna sleep so good tonight
nice nice blip
yeah that's awesome dude he did really
good though on drew excellent
okay
you did
now she wants me
happy February twenty-ninth everybody
it's a leap year every four years the
29th day of February comes bouncing
along and says hi everybody why is that
why did we add another day is it
something about the rotation of the
earth is it something about science hey
guys listen up my birthday is coming
this Saturday I'm gonna be 36 years old
but the Shaytards vlogs will be seven
years old if you can believe it we
started this back in 2009 that's seven
years ago so uh oh that's a text hush
text oh it's my wife don't hush I love
you babe anyways finishing it's late now
because it's my birthday weekend I
commit to you here and now in this
endslate
to do daily vlogs for the next week
don't get crazy and think like trees
gonna do daily vlogs for his 36th year
ain't happening I'm not gonna lie I have
been tempted to say that I don't know
why it's like this don't stop no no you
butchered comment button down stop it
but I will starting today Monday happy
Monday to you a vlog every day for the
next 7 days as a happy birthday from me
to you guys actually do you know what I
want for my birthday I'm just gonna put
this out in the universe right now I was
just watching on Facebook Matt Damon was
on the Jimmy Kimmel show with Ben
Affleck and it got me a remembering
about water.org and I've been saying to
myself I want to build a well for you
know somebody that doesn't have clean
drinking water and I really liked
working with water.org and I saw that
Facebook thing today and I thought I
think that would be cool to build a well
for my birthday so I'm gonna get in
contact with water.org but I'm just
saying this now to you guys so that I'll
be accountable and I'm gonna figure out
an answer before my birthday this
Saturday but I want to build a well for
somebody that doesn't have clean
drinking water and I'm gonna do it okay
so tweet water.org tell them that I have
an email incoming
and that's one thing that I want to do
for my birthday I was thinking that
every year from now on on my birthday I
need to do like something like that I
could share like giving of like that you
know I'm saying that makes X okay long
it's like got to go bye
