hi I'm logging here and I don't
understand
don't let me go wait letting people in
everybody what surprise it even took
that Oh try the hard yeah yeah okay so
now I don't know awkward either
ah it's okay extinction I'm gonna show
you guys the editing room we have to be
really going because there's our sorry
over there and you can't you can't be
loud yeah
where's Michael Michael totally sketch
this is what he's like why in the scenes
I might go down totally sketch hey
there's Harrison they have collaborators
both of those guys on Harrison's here's
some foreign hair sometimes they rub
their hair to get to each other when
they're editing their videos okay oh
gotta go see yes yeah cool it up yeah
I'm cool that to Ben just in case you're
wondering oh so hot in there we need an
AC in there
it's beautiful day in LA what are you
going what are you doing okay Sneaky's
mom's birthday gonna go ahead oh how
sweet mother-in-law
gonna marry I gonna marry her I already
did I love when you marry her what hi
bumblebee hi cuz hi I'm Ron little
soldier soldier huh love it she just
facebook friended me and we had a mutual
friend we never went oh my goodness what
a small world so small I don't even have
a I don't have a facebook yeah you do
yeah well family is I don't have a
fanpage yeah you do I don't well
somebody has loan for you then oh really
it's got a lot of fans it does
who has my Facebook fan page I don't
have one uh facebook.com slash Kassem G
fans add me uh youtube.com slash Kassem
G YouTube / garbage cans eg to to put it
back on
/ - David Geffen be calm Friday it's
Friday it's Friday yeah Oh Friday song
there's at the radio station I used to
work out they had a Friday song they
would play it and
before I was even a radio DJ I would
hear that song and I would love it like
Friday weekend is here but now I don't
have that feeling anymore because I
don't have you know like a 9 to 5 Monday
to Friday job so Friday doesn't mean as
much to me it's just like another day
but it the the switch off the trade off
of that is that I don't hate Sunday
night with every fiber of my being
that's the worst way to live and I know
that sometimes you have to live that way
but I remember Friday night was like
Christmas Eve and Sunday night was like
worst I could physiologically fill my
body start to get angry and mad because
I knew I had to go back to work the next
morning and I knew I had to go to bed
early because I could get up at 5:00
a.m. to go cut granite countertops but
what I really loved is when I was when I
was a radio DJ and I was on Friday
nights at I come on at 6 o'clock and it
was like right as everybody was driving
home and going out for the night and I
love that feeling I love feeling like I
was I was the dude that was like the
ringleader of the party you know it's
like ridin odd what do you want to hear
hit me up 7103 3-years ah gosh a on z103
and I'd be like play this song and it
was so exciting just being able to do
that like it was like you know I mean I
was like I was the announcer of the
fun-ness that makes sense anyways Friday
and we're going home from the office
gonna go pick up my beautiful family
and take them out to a fine dinner where
we will talk and reminisce about the
love that we have in our hearts for each
other and I'm gonna bring you guys alone
so don't go anywhere
turn in okay yeah
for you killer just show me go show me
I'll watch
mommy come here and then she'll go into
the kitchen and show me where the candy
is let's see it show us what let me see
show daddy got something in there what
do you want
what Oh dog food okay here you go here
you go here take it take it here here
all right you're welcome hey see ya bye
hey put that back put it back in the
fridge put back in the fridge Oh drop it
oh I better help you yes stay on to show
you something come on me I gotta get the
camera on better that's the secret of
vlogging I thought of that the other day
I thought this here's my here's my my
motto here's the secret of vlogging the
secret of vlogging is is simply this you
got to know when to turn the camera on
that's all it is you just got to know
you can't see if you always just turn
the camera on to vlog that's not I mean
that's okay but then you have to come up
with great content in a sense but if you
just know when to turn the camera on
that's the secret to vlogging because
how many times you even sit around with
your friends having this great
conversation that's hilarious and you're
like this is the show like the whole
Seinfeld idea of like that's a show what
is it just us interacting that's funny
it's a show so if you can catch those
moments if you can just known to turn
the camera on at the right time you get
some great content I've been thinking
about that lately I'm like I need to
learn to know when to turn the camera on
at the right times okay
little things I think about
sometimes all the time I know she says
like she talks so much and she says all
this money stuff and I'm like that's
hilarious but I never get it on camera
like some of the best stuff that happens
on the Shaytards are never filmed
because of they don't have a camera on
we just need cameras 24/7 because like
some of the funniest stuff I'm like oh
that's hilarious I get the camera out
mommy tire does not want that but
anyways a little a little vlogging tip
for you that one's for you that one's
free million in charger for it all right
send mommy five dollars at P o box
7-eleven
I love Slurpees and so does she saw that
I had the camera on her she shut up I do
okay if you need a translation for what
she just said
dog bed not working it's not working
code you said you're a bug retard I'm
starvin are you hungry say I'm hungry
say I'm hungry we're trying a new place
what's this girl's fault
it's called Tony peas dockside grill
never been here before so we're gonna
try it out excited
decided we're noobs
we're tony's noobs how you get yourself
out hahaha
have to cut your fingers off that's why
he's here
you bring the scissors he's ready we
have a table saw bag yeah they just
sharpened it so you ready I love
restaurants that just bring you free
food any restaurant like that's why I
love twice I got the kids toys
- they got crowns got a little army dude
and look at this view
Hey look there's Lady Catherine of the
sea all these boats we're right here on
the marina this is like the marina that
goes out to the ocean Lady Catherine
yeah boat yeah then your fingers get
stuck huh anyways all these boats are
parks right here on the marina but
there's a ton of them they're nice but
any restaurant that's why I love Mexican
food restaurants because they bring your
chips and salsa any restaurant that
brings you bread or anything like that
you're free is awesome I love that
because you know when you go out to
dinner you're hungry already then you
sit down and you don't wait for the food
so it's awesome when they bring you
something to snack before you order it's
win-win it's genius
look at these boats these boats are
expensive they're like million I mean
they don't I mean they're nice boats but
they're probably like a million bucks
apiece except for this one look it is
like a little dinghy it's like a little
dinghy that's what I want a little
dinghy but I cuz I got a little dinghy
why are you lucky
then a snail pool what is your problem
you're always on the computer I just
want you to spend time with me why can't
you ever hang out with me you're always
on the computer I'm so nervous
think about okay well better go
something's getting heated in here
Apolo Anton Ohno come on you're gonna go
get a some yogurt frozen yogurt get me
one too I love that come on
I really do I like watching these guys
and every it's just when when Apollo
races because only all the other races
are like me when he raises I'm like like
really start feeling nervous and I have
to get up and like move around look at
that guy that looks like Corey Vidal but
that's not that guy Torino Hollow
anyways I'm nervous
come on Apollo come on Apollo your left
blade go make a move get in there oh
you've gotta be kidding me
you gotta be kidding me is he gonna be
disqualified yeah I think yeah yeah it
looked like he pushed him kind Oh Apollo
what are you doing it was at the metal
one oh I didn't realize watch this
I looked like he pushes him
oh no he didn't push him he just working
lucked out so big look his hands on him
and then he moves it and falls after he
moved his hand and I don't think it will
be cuz he pulled his hand back and then
the guy fell you Canadians are like shut
up Shay
shut up he totally pushed him and then
he was wrecked at the very end you
lucked out there bucko 9 he lucked out
yeah the look is so exciting
he kid a Paolo it really didn't look
like he pushed him but he's uh he had
his he had his hand on there for a while
yeah he just got DQ'd though lost you
didn't get his medal on that other dude
he almost feels a tit - at the end the
other tech was like he was like Superman
it across the lie to you that is your
sliding on his stomach he's like Apollo
keep your hands off of other men's bums
when other member men are wearing tights
you keep your hands off of their bums or
you're not gonna win the Olympics that's
the first rule you learn in any skating
class hands off of other spandex men's
bumps on it I mean that's it that's a
no-brainer huh and then mommy tarde
touched my bum he
