mmm that's so stupid tendus I said
stupid
I'll see what you got this eggplant all
over the place it's made from ambrosia
from the heaven ambrosia either way the
gods drink on Mount ambrosia oh is that
the on what's there eat those flowers
those are lotus flowers in the movie it
was like they were drunk in Emmaus and
Percy Jackson and the Olympians of the
type Oh looks good this especially you
guys go subscribe to her links in the
side but she just made an account and
this is Harrison who also just made an
account he smites director Rami Pam
brownie links in the sidebar look at
amis already promoting themselves do you
have a youtube account yes what is it
vo Neil 42 look how hot this guy is
ladies you go subscribe to this dude
he's from Chicago we should see like a
lot of likes Pizza a lot of what oh you
like a lot of salt on your hot dog no
you're so regional he's not a true
Chicago why why do Pago like a lot of
salt
Dave Chappelle what's up dude nice to
her
hey baby tired who is the best daddy in
the world who is the best daddy in the
world can you say shake Carl's the best
daddy
say daddy's hard you're the best daddy
in the world come on say it got ya baby
turn baby turn who's the best daddy in
the world who's the best daddy in the
world come on say it say daddy Todd
you're the best daddy in the world baby
tired who's the best daddy in the world
come on say it
who's fast daddy in the world you ready
I love you so much what's the matter
Oh No you have a cigarette that would be
we don't have any cigarettes
her glasses are sideways that man-baby
jar that was genius give me five key
five yeah what do you see princess art
what's what he's doing there don't touch
the camera are you give me a director
say ready action and you brush your
teeth you promise you promise you brush
them how do I know if you brush them or
not you did I think I'm going to smell
your breath come here okay okay I smells
pretty clean I don't know open your
mouth
yeah that's what's clean good job
Go Go dental hygiene boo gingivitis
you don't want gingivitis right whoa
alright go to bed Thank You Brewster
good night go to bed go to bed good
night hey guys
shaycarl here because I know you were
expecting another vlogger on my
Shaytards channel so I just want to
differentiate who's who's talking we got
Danny diamond hey guys how's it going
down a diamond we're good
Oh max max kind of take a pee you guys
we're going to Cass Angie's house right
now I don't want to tell you guys his
address because I know a lot of you want
to come make out with him if you has new
work hasn't she left no you think I
think if people knew or Cass and she
left they would come and they'd be like
I wanna make out with you Kassem G but I
gotta try to remember which doors here's
here's here's
so you guys this is my casa machine
laughs just so you know Kassem G lives
at the end of a long tunnel
I brought the Pringles this could become
G I've only been here one it's honestly
you guys who is this oh my god hyah
dogs hey Miss Catherine G here uh-huh
yeah Abby says something about and
doesn't want to be disturbed
okay that's cool um hey we'll use Tom
that we love the new California on
series oh oh hey Qasim dude you're
you're embarrassing your friend hey guys
cats got the other way that's
Catherine's brother look at you on the
interwebs does that final cut pro
casting gee what can he say and it's on
the finest of the finest he said max
that's Maximilian here to see you all
right Kassem you ready I don't know
about this I'm nervous a little sneak
peek this is California on this has
never happened and I thought I'm gonna
I'm gonna be honest I feel quite
privileged at this point we're gonna
watch a California on before it's even
uploaded and you guys are gonna get how
many seconds can they have ten it's up
to you what do you want to turn the
camera I'm gonna I'm gonna we're gonna
I'm gonna go with ten initially and then
we'll see how it goes but this is just a
little sneak peek of California on with
Cassidy
hit it for your first time okay we're
done thanks for joining in
