hi I'm logging here okay princess hard
and baby tart and new polish tardy we'll
have a nice girls day and paint our
finger nuts okay so which color do you
want
princess hard that one what color is
that what is it I don't know what it is
remember the difference this one's red
and that one is pink pink
yay notice how they're all the insta-dry
fast-drying nail colors i wouldn't paint
their nails with any other kind because
once you paint him it's like Hello for
maybe 10 seconds and then they're like
okay okay you can't do it yes no so you
have to make sure you get the fast
drying kind with kids what color do you
want baby tard uh you want that one too
what pink can you say pink alright I
think I think mommy tard wants this
color we'll see how that turns out this
is called pink breeze it's not really
pink but it's got a very like it's dark
it's dark no it's a light more of a
beige pink you'll learn all about the
fashion colors later okay okay okay baby
Todd let's see your fingernails
let's see your nails yeah oh so pretty
and your toes EE
nice see what I mean but you have to do
it fast and get him dry because she's
already touching everything and princest
hard
lovely lovely and she already has her
shoes on too can't see your toes but
they're say should be dry right and I
changed my mind I did the pink so we
could all be twinners
so we're like besties yeah watch this
camera watch what watch oh wow those are
the slickest shoes okay
my name's beautiful that's it for nail
doing time it took us maybe 2 minutes
and now I'm gonna go eat dinner and
Prince starts gonna go climb the tree
right what are you going to do ah your
nails again she was mad because I
wouldn't let her do it by herself that's
the fun of it for her she likes to just
do it by herself
I guess my ankle and the climb on tree
ok bye hey and then she wants to do all
the colors and do her nails again she
just likes the painting process she
doesn't necessarily want to covered what
was that look she looked at me like
that's right mom you're rude you
wouldn't let me paint the rest of my
nails by myself that's right
no way ok bye ok we need three computers
yes we do um and a printer that is
currently printing out our taxes that we
owe money on which is not fun but I am
using all three computers I'm
downloading um some video files right
here on this computer and I'm uploading
the daily vlog on that computer and
we're using that computer to print off
tax returns it is 7:45 at night and I
haven't what I say not return we owe
them we owe taxes and I'm not gonna tell
you how much cuz it'll make your
grandmother cry even if she's dead she
would be in her grave crying oh the
federal government they're stealing from
the Shay guards
I'm sorry if your grandma just recently
died all grandmas died I'm sorry I love
you anyways I am feeling anything all
day and it's 7:45 good thing I uploaded
two Shaytards videos yesterday I was
feeling vlog tastic yesterday and today
it's just like I literally I'm trying to
keep the camera above my neck because I
just I'm still in my underwear I've
literally been sitting of these
computers all day working and I have not
even got dressed I just threw this coat
on I'm in my underwear you just called
me lazy head I am NOT lazy even even
though I have not gotten up bathed or
gotten dressed I have been in my
workstation look at this workstation a
lot of work is going on right here what
is that that doesn't include work anyway
so uh I literally have just been sitting
at this chair all day long like 10 hours
straight doing the taxes uploading the
videos I'm not lazy sitting down doesn't
mean you're lazy I've been working
you're gonna make excuse me um I should
go beat sin card so yes later sure you
lazy so you lazy and then I beat the
hell out of Sun tard okay see you guys
tomorrow
