hi I'm vlogging here you for could miss
me would miss U's have written you on a
bra ring go finish school Don Juan
triumphant what you wearin should be Kia
never there are worse things than a
shattered Chandni ah um I am wearing my
wet suit cuz I'm gonna go get wet in my
suit you know I never feel I mean I
always feel like a walrus but I never
feel as walrus like is what I have this
I'm saying I like this is I just need
some tusks and I am shaycarl the walrus
man my new nickname RRR RRR whoa turn it
off
you ready sexy you ready sexy looks like
you just woke up I did just wake up I'm
talking oh yeah we're gonna boogie board
and so excited yeah
uh even your tattoo looks sleepy little
dude hasn't even open his eye no ICP
dude
okay uh sorry honey I was just played
with that man's nipple
uh we're going boogie boardin and
mommy's taking you guys to school by
love you love you baby tard bye bye have
fun have fun at school
okay so we're gonna go ride the waves I
don't I need to get a waterproof case so
I can take this with me but I have to
leave you with mommy tard you know it's
quite the disappointment so here you go
there you go
are you ice dancing not what you're
doing yeah we're just here eating am a
turkey sub from Subway because that's
healthy right that's good for the Mamie
right and I didn't want to cook games on
baby tarts cracking me up
she's got a mouthful of sandwich which
that's her half and she did pretty good
on it I'm impressed
I'm impressed she started doing this
which I don't know what it is but it's
really funny
oh now you should be towing Oh lovely
lovely such a diva such a dancing queen
hey we're at the grocery store we're
good oh yeah
had to make sure I had the camera odds I
do that all the time I turn the camera
on I think I'm actually turning it off
and then I go to turn it off and I'm
extra turning on so I'm kind of a new I
have to check we are shopping to get
food for dinner because I really
I'm pregnant okay tell me the women out
there if you do this when I'm pregnant
I like their door character I hate
cooking I don't want to do I don't want
me in the kitchen it's hot I'm on my
feet and I hate it and I think that's
why like normally when you're pregnant
that's when you should think about being
the most healthy right I'm opposite like
I think about being healthy when I'm not
pregnant and I'm like off gonna eat this
and how to not eat this when I'm
pregnant I just like throw it out all of
the window and it's bad it's a bad way
of thinking and I don't do it
consciously but I'm always like what I'm
pregnant
I crave ice cream and chocolate I think
whenever I'm pregnant I deserve it but I
don't I need to stop it so anyway we're
here trying to create a healthy meal
we're gonna make baked potatoes with a
this mushroom gravy and I shouldn't say
mushroom kids
there's no mushrooms in it it's just a
gravy
you're running an incredible rate of
speed you're writing a bit of a rate of
speed whoa you're flying on the jack
whoa pass that boy I don't know whoa oh
oh that's Michael Jackson whoa Jackie
said that's a tiring on my arms Oh
being a father so tiring being a father
is so tiring
that's truth Wow yeah so we are going
right now to do san tardes project a lot
of you gave a lot of good suggestions in
the comments about for his hundred
project for the poster and one of the
best ones that I liked was sea shells
and a lot of you gave that there's at
least five one on Twitter a lot in the
comments but we're gonna go I thought
that would be the funnest like I saw a
lot of cool ones on there I liked there
was like a hundred still shots from the
vlogs I thought that would be cool that
just seems like a lot of time printing
out pictures but this will be funner
because we get to go look for seashells
on the beach so when you think sent are
we gonna be able to find 100 we better
huh we'll be out there all night if we
have to be so we're going out to find a
hundred seashells on the beach just me
and Sun tart we're gonna go hunting as
men men who like the Shelf this is
pretty good been on the beach twice and
one day you guys think you guys can do
better graffiti than this tuna can you
guys tag walls better than this this is
like the only place you can do graffiti
and you have to have a permit and you
come down and you can paint these walls
look pretty good and they change like I
want to say this walls probably twice as
thick as it actually is just because
there's so much paint on it yeah if
there's like half an inch of paint on
this wall you can just tell that about
an inch on each side of this is just
pure spray
paint but uh there's some pretty good
ones come down here on the weekend you
can see some pretty sweet talent some
painters that was the same in high
school there was this rock and you got a
stick nice um the the rival high school
they had this big rock and they would
always paint it before the big game
and so we we were the Rams and they were
the Indians so we would go paint a giant
Ram it would be like go Rams we'd paint
it on their rock and you do it at night
we're trying to get caught you know cuz
like the rival school one day what after
um Scooby go I'm sure let's just do
everything you want to do anyways one
night we were doing it and what we just
finished painting the rock and my friend
pulled out and he didn't have his lights
on so the cops pulled us over and
they're like what you guys doing but
nothing just driving real not doing
anything he goes did you guys paint
without their rock we're like no I swear
he's like let me see your hands
like what sure so we all put our hands
out and like three of the guys or with
us had spray paint all over their heads
so it was like busted but luckily I did
not have any um just luck I didn't I
wasn't like a skilled spray paint or
anything but I didn't have any I think
those three
I don't think got tickets or they got
lashed I think two of them were actually
sentenced to the death penalty that's
what you get when you paint another
rivals Rock okay so stunts are what do
you think we'll be able to find 100
seashells alright let's do it
this one's hard look the elusive
watermelon see show oh I haven't seen
one of those in years not since last
summer
throw it down at the water mowed rotted
but there are quite a few here you got a
lot of different options different
colors whoo there's a pretty red one
that one's blue choose the very best
ones look there's some pornography oh
look there's an answer Inge there look
there's a dead body just washed up on
shore
let's get a hundred dead bodies and put
it on our postcard Oh My heck this is so
dangerous under you might want to go put
your shoes on but let there's one oh no
wait that's a broken vodka bottle let's
not step on that oh dude look over here
here's a good one well son let's stay
over here where it's safe
I think there's some good tea shells
over here watch out why don't I do it oh
dang it
I just bought these shoes now they're
all wet dad come over here seriously
there's some good ones over here I just
think I'm gonna find one over here
that's better hold on give me a second
okay how many anything that is that 100
I don't know I think that's like 30 how
many more do we need then if we only
have thirty seventy threat answer it's
probably it's probably tough math for a
six-year-old ah so yeah we're just
finding seashells seashells on the
seashore Sally said Sally said sure I
would it would be stupendous to go look
for seashells on the seashore on
Saturday chez ooh that bird is sleeping
wake up wake up bird the tides coming in
oh you're going to get wet your mom told
you not to get wet at the beach he's
sleeping
I think he's trying to work on his tan
but it looks like he's over tanned a
little bit he needs to be flipped over
will you flip him over
no why not last time you told me not to
touch that's true wait her liver how do
you know he's dead oh whoa whoa how did
he die son tard what happens to us after
we die
I'm legal when it rains we go in the
grave
okay how come he doesn't have a grave
because he's just a bird
Oh so should we bury him well do we just
stay in the grave like do we just sleep
there forever what do we do he just
stays there forever what if when people
die do they stay in the grave forever
yes
that sucks which something else happens
well guess I'll just sleep in the gray
it's like we need some more Sunday
school that's hilarious
what about heaven didn't we teach you
about heaven yeah what I just found a
piece of wake of a shrimp Did you touch
it yes you did
where is it I throwed it in the ocean
did you eat it those are delicious with
little cocktail sauce and lemon
I hate lobster you hate lobster so we're
just looking for seashells on the
seashore that's Sally okay do we got
enough I think we need to get a few more
gonna go back to our stuff why do we
want to go back there because why do
they steal it they'll just take it
that's why I taught you remember what I
taught you about when you find things on
the ground what do you do with them you
just speed it doesn't matter what it is
you just leave it there huh
but what if you find a hundred dollar
bill on the ground when you're walking
by did you pick it up no why not because
that must be Sutherland and they must be
looking that's exactly right
if you're if it's not yours don't touch
it doesn't matter it's a matter of two
hundred dollar bill don't touch it it's
not yours
sundar just like death you better go
back to our stuff somebody might take it
I'm just like how sad that we live in
society
it isn't six year old
note the people are dishonest and they
steal other people they take property
the sunny with there's healthy things
and he already knows about that oh I bet
she knows about B&E Breaking and
Entering Sun tard get a hundred
seashells for his project well their
stuff gets stolen
well Shay continue to be obnoxious and
unfunny tune in to the very next episode
in this two-part Shaytards series just
click the big silly got obviously stupid
ow
