I think that's the coolest one I found
that one let me see the redness so red
let's hold up to the Sun do you like
that one
yeah that's cool I like that one we like
colors huh a lot more variety
oh there's oh there's one that we've
seen a million times the soft supple
breeze sets on the horizon as the ocean
silently whispers to its prey one day
the last of all of you who mourn for the
death of those that rose above the ashes
will come and that day will be called
Armageddon whoa cool I don't know I just
was talking about I just I was just
saying words do you ever do that just
say words to come to your mind sometimes
I think that's all the poetry is I read
some poems I'm like those are just words
they don't make sense
somebody just thought of words and those
words reminded them of something in
their mind and so then it became a story
to that person but none of us know what
you're talking about
and that's when the reader has to
interpret on their own what those words
mean
I'm reading this book it's not about
poetry but there's words in it sometimes
out there trying to stab fish with his
spear you found a little spear look at
him
kill those fish son tard
kill em a hog murder the ocean King
Triton must trying to throw this there
you go
no skateboard just one wheel in each
foot
right he has two wheels on each foot and
they're not even strapped to his feet
he's just standing on him they're like
these little like little tiny boards and
he just stands on top
there's a sweet free line and they're
just metal plates radical well while me
and Sun tarde were enjoying the beach
daddy tard didn't put enough money in
the thing and we got a parking violation
fifty bucks
we were there a little bit longer than I
thought we went 38 minutes the meter had
expired 38 minutes past what we put in
and that's gonna cost me $15 what's that
what's that workout per hour it's a
little a little less than 100 bucks an
hour to park where I was parked crap son
tard do not tell your mother okay so mad
at me promise you swear you swear on our
father-son pond
you won't tell your mom okay what if she
asks you about it ding and I just
twittered it she's gonna see it you
ready you ready okay open your eyes
here's the questions I want to do
because me and Sun tarde we did not
count the seashells when we're doing it
because we're like that's boring to
count you know it's fun or saying look I
like this one we'll look at that bird
over there
look a fish stabbed it you know that's a
lot funnier than counting one two three
anyways so I want you to imagine in your
mind what you think a hundred seashells
and a ziplock bag looks like so you're
gonna have like this size dimension in
your mind of some sort if you're say
like if I said to you guys right now
what do you think a hundred seashells in
a plastic bag looks like think of that
man image in your head right now turn
turn John country Smith hop down in the
back
okay ready here we go
here is the bag that we got now does
that look like a hundred or less than a
hundred well there's some stuff in there
but what do you think you think there's
a hundred in there I'm actually
interested to see how many is in there
yeah we will let's go get it good good I
can do stuff I have a debit card that
can that can if I if I trade them my
debit okay what after P it's this guy he
he found us a sandal oh great but then
we broke it oh I love you he said we
broke it not dad broke quit point your
finger at me
I was happy for a minute um so this guy
comes up it was here this year everybody
lost me on camera every he's got a story
to tell and look at me look at me I'm
the star of the show all right listen
family I want everybody to get this
under there in their brains right now
the daddy is the star of this show
no were that's acted in other people's
videos no more this you looking hot and
it's you you I'm sick of you being so
cute and then you saying funny things
all the time all of you are nice goodies
me
I'm the best of the family and you guys
will recognize that I have the talent
and you know I'll be in my trailer call
me when the red skittles are here okay
what are we doing come back okay so is
this 100 seashells yes we're gonna see
we'll get him out encounter okay let's
count them okay now one more thing I
want you all to imagine what hundred
seashells in a giant glass bowl would
look like okay got that in your mind
okay there okay so we've moved it from
the plastic bag to a giant glass ball
and we're back
that sea urchin ooh know that what is
that looks great stop get your hair out
of there yeah they're all over there oh
my gosh you guys you guys I just thought
of something that I was talking to son
to her earlier about we were talking
about how when you find things on the
ground that aren't yours you don't just
pick them up dun-dun-duh did you guys
get that when I was saying it earlier
did anybody get the irony and when I was
saying earlier I didn't I was like no
that's a real life lesson as we're
picking up things up on the beach there
aren't ours I was expecting a little
tiny one these ones
what's the difference you got we're
gonna need a glue gun we'll get a glue
gun in then that's what we need
who could it are you mocking me I'm just
if this is an art family song I don't
know what isn't the plaintive song for
you guys if you have not heard the
youtuber version of that song we are the
world link is in the MF and sidebar go
watch it lisa lavie and her boyfriend
alpha cat AKA mon they made this we are
the world youtube collaboration go w8
TCH that video it's good that's my
official endorsement I'm endorsing
something here to vote you guys go check
it out anyways Baby Talk just said to me
show us dad because I turn this song on
goes dad dad watch I go watch this she
closes her eyes starts feeling the music
sick dad dad watch I go okay I watch
goes should we watch let's see it
okay I think you dance better with your
eyes closed because that's when you see
the real action do you get it you see it
through closed eyes but you feel it your
soul now you're just dizzy and drunk
okay stop it we're going the extra step
we're getting lacquer well no or this is
gonna be a lack right this is what's
gonna make the seashells look like
they're still wet summer I told you
about that yeah we want to make them
look like they're in the ocean so I'm
like being the parent that like has to
take it to the next level so I'm like
well because they're seashells we cuz
the teacher gave us an orange poster
board to use and I'm like we don't want
to use an orange poster board that's get
a blue poster board so it looks like the
ocean and then once we glue all the
seashells on there we'll take get a can
of lacquer at Home Depot and relax so
that they're all shiny so it looks like
there's
still under the water and I'm just like
is that annoying I'm not gonna take over
I'm gonna let him do it I don't I'm not
gonna do the project but I'm just like
I'm just a little bit you know let's
make it sweet smart okay we're not done
we have to put 100 items on the poster
board we I'm still have a lot more
seashells but we decided to do the 100
in only white seashells if you can see
that so I'm gonna ask you guys this
without cheating without cheating and
and without pausing the video how many
seashells are right there leave in the
comments below
no cheating on your honor if you cheat
someone knows someone out there knows
just guess how many is just the white
seashells
we're not done we haven't put all
hundred on but just by looking how many
white seashells do you think are on this
poster board I I'm doing it and I know
I'm doing it and I'm telling myself I
don't care if I know I'm doing it I'm
doing it anyways and it's something that
I always hated as a kid like or you
could totally tell their parents did
that one cuz as a kid you felt like so
like it's unfair because their parents
help them and that's why there's a so
much better
and so I'm trying not to do that and I'm
not saying like this is awesome or
anything I'm not say it like most of
people are like I think actually what
does they see that J they're gonna think
that baby tard did it but I can tell
like I might put these I'm laying these
out and send nerds like no I like this
one like no that one doesn't look I just
use this one trust me I'm like oh I'm
doing it I'm taking the project over so
I'm tired
this is your project do you like this we
can throw the whole thing away right now
if you don't like it
what do you want to do okay so what do
you want did you like the design we got
here I was thinking you know what do you
think you hurry here folks that's how
this project ended this is shaycarl
porting live from punching the vase town
I gotta go I got a date with destiny and
it's called a knuckle sandwich from son
tarik the white part the white part goes
down and stay kind of far away back and
forth good did your job okay can you
guys see it the white ones
say a hundred and then the black ones in
the middle are just there for filler and
that is a hundred seashells right on
that blue poster board that we are now
putting some lacquer on the lacquer is a
little trick to make him look shiny like
they're still in the ocean I'm I used to
use lacquer a lot back when I did
granite cabinets or granite cabinets
hahaha
to do granite countertops and then I
also did cabinets I worked with a guy we
started a business where he did the
cabinets and I did the countertops I
would use lacquer all the time to make
the cabinet's shiny looking but it's not
a whole different process if you know if
you do cabinets you know this is just
like a touch-up stuff but you'd have
like a whole spray booth and everything
anyway so now they're gonna look make
let's make it look all shiny and like
they're wet and in the ocean and that
white is really pop and Sun tardy yeah
yeah they'll still look that shiny it
doesn't that look good they look good
that shiny huh yeah that's what lacquer
does you got to make sure you spread it
evenly though okay yeah are do you feel
hi I think I feel hi to that lacquers
okay
okay that's enough good job dude that
looks really good so here it is 100
seashells with the white accentuating
the 100 let's give it up top Sun chart
give it up top right here what do you
think the sweet project yes that made
your sword project accomplished
fatherhood
