hi I'm login here here we are just
picked princess turn up from schooler
what do you do at school today
Henry brought a nice snack did you share
with you knowing we all had one it was
really nice I don't know when it comes
what's it what it's called I never I
never I never tasted before
oh well cool let's hope it was healthy
hey not healthy it wasn't was it sugar
it's like candy Oh
delish hey do you want to show um
YouTube what you made at school today
kids help so they've been learning about
they've been learning about Chinese New
Year tiger it was about the worst I have
the tiger building I've ever days camera
she has to show you something Oh what is
that a teensy tinsy
you guys uh do you guys ever like you
get a CD and you're in your car or
whatever and it's like all you listen to
for like a week straight like every time
you get in your car it's the same CD
that's been in there and then finally
after you've heard it for a week
straight you're like ah take this out
change it or do you guys just listen to
their ad all the time I don't listen to
CDs that often really mostly it's just
the radio but I listen to I like to hear
DJs I miss my day of being a DJ a lot of
people like I don't know how you guys
feel but I like listening to the DJ's
talk like for example you ever been to a
concert and maybe like the band's
talking I've been to a few concerts and
the band like stops to talk to the
audience I've been to a concert where
people like shut up employ some music
and I'm like no I want to hear I wanna
hear what they have to say I'm always
interested in that Plus being a radio DJ
it's just like I like carrying the DJ's
and like how they deliver things what
they say so every time we're in the car
and mom mommy tarts talking to me when
the DJ comes on she knows to be quiet no
I got beat her or yell at her or put her
in the basement with duct tape around
her face nothing like that but she just
knows that I like to listen to the DJ so
whatever the DJ comes on she stops
talking isn't that nice of her DJ DJ
anyways
that's just a little bit of radio talk
on my way to work okay see you guys in a
sec GoToMeeting Lisa's following she's
following me to the meeting Lisa Nova
what's what's coming up on the Lisa Nova
channel that we can be looking forward
to we've got so much stuff what do you
got what do you got for us we're excited
didn't you film like five videos the
other day Oh cause you to keep taking it
off and on crazy you're like doing all
kinds of stuff crazy sounds like I mean
like my face was just wrong it's like
hamburger face zoo its hamburger face
and Captain G what kind of videos do you
ask me about my videos Qasim's got a
video coming up with sun target tomorrow
oh yeah
it's up right now probably now so you
guys should go check check out qasimi's
new video favorite rate at 5 stars
Senate all your friends and family of a
comment so I get on the most popular
list faster until we like okay see you
guys keep on trolling oh wow there's all
the crispy ones and I can't make these
mints crispy without good chickens again
honey I like chicken you really you
really take that on I told you Johnny
hey what you're not supposed to be
playing a game there's supposed to be
what are you doing like we did this are
you ready set go
oh snap or you guys doing parkour let's
see it I always say that I would say
let's see it what like it was called um
like if people are right here and then
we run and jump on them and then they
just move that sounds so awesome what do
you guys think that sounds so awesome
how about we play this game I'll show
you real quick tell you what you stand
right there I'll take this pillow okay
and you just space the bed and then I'll
just take this pillow at a fairly rapid
pace against your head then you pop up a
bit
yeah that's a fun game let's play that
what yeah hey you guys specially in your
room up no more games
it's serious mami tarde we're getting
serious no more games
make them crispy and make them delicious
I don't know how no you gotta lower the
heat
slow slow process lower the heat or else
you just scorch them and they never get
cooked see yeah you gotta turn the heat
way down dawg turn it down yeah shut the
door I'm busy uploading woman I'm not
gonna cut your job I'm uploading the
videos and you make the dinner you got
it she will help you wife sometimes
you're such a bad husband you said a
horrible father
so fat ugly that sounds fine to me I'm
running to Burger King you dancin to the
Acura commercials go shake that belly
again that's sexy shake it oh yeah
there's a little baby boy in there
when's he gonna come out are you gonna
pull that baby out like she did no I
don't know it's cool actually I mean I
didn't watch that stupid show well
that's dumb I was busy playing sports
and cleaning my wrench collection to
watch that stupid catching up with the
kardashians I was so busy hanging up my
sexy chick poster in alphabetical order
amber Bonnie
Carlita whatever
watch the show if we're on TV I don't
that's why we couldn't be on TV because
I want enough drama we'd have to like
create drama
I'd be like we got drama we got drama we
got hashbrown drama in our house the
Kardashians got nothing when we got we
got hash browns from all over here
there's not enough hash brown drama on
TV right now and that's why we have our
own show oh I'm gonna go sleep with
other women or something
hey baby times all right what's you got
like one one-sided punch out there okay
everybody we're sitting down to have
some Dindin dinnertime cuz that what's
what a loving family does they sit down
and they eat dinner and they talk about
their day like what you learn at school
and all that stuff okay so we're hours -
Browns there's a lot of yelling in this
video why is there so much yelling in
this video my bullet feisty an
aggressive Yoda fight um so we're having
a Caesar salad with beer tarts oh it's
not oh it's a ranch salad with cucumbers
tomatoes french fries more dead chicken
and a house mustard what let's see do it
let's see you achieve a life goal like
applying the ketchup to your my toe your
Plateau plot so date dinner delicioso
that's delicious dinner plate in Spanish
Oh case you didn't know that okay so
we're just gonna have a nice and squeeze
squeeze
what are you for something can't even
put ketchup on your own plate isn't this
an interesting blog watch me once you
put ketchup on my kids plays whoa now
I'm doing on my play whoo though I'm
having jail
so this happen to you guys finish eating
dinner
all the kids are running around brushing
their teeth getting ready for bed saying
read me a story dad made me a story
so I read him this story and I'm you
know checking things online and I'm
trying to watch the Olympics and every
screaming and so like there's someone TV
that I want to watch so I turn it up
louder and so then mom start monitoring
starts yelling louder like you guys get
in here brush your teeth the kid starts
screaming louder so then I turn up the
TV louder and pretty soon it's just like
that was in decibels and I'm just like
everybody because it gets so louder I
just I literally look and I had to turn
up the TV as loud as it could go anyways
sorry for yelling so much you guys are
you show them the ski jumpers that's
right okay let's go read a book
let's go read a book let's see if daddy
can remember how to do that I'm not sure
if I remember how to read I know how to
upload videos but always giving your
brain information about the world so
that's one of our other senses is we can
fill things like what does this wall
feel like hi I just heard you plug in
your nose and touching walls and stuff
we're so plugging our nose and touching
stuff in here we're talking about our
senses
sight smell hearing touch it tastes well
good one of the first things you guys
learned as a toddler was not to touch
hot and sharp things like fire and
knives
why don't we touch fire or knives
they're dangerous
why are they dangerous what can they do
to you
they could burn you or cut you by the
time you're three or four you guys are
still at it you pretty no much what you
couldn't touch though even okay I'm
gonna say things and you guys tell me if
you can touch him or not okay okay ready
okay an apple apple how about fire no
touch fire how about bombs no bombs
how about how about dog poop should we
touch it Oh what about daddy's computer
yeah do we touch that good answer
what are some things you shouldn't touch
huh do you want to touch my beard do you
wanna touch it
come on touch it just touch it you know
you are do put your fingers out put your
fingers out da da da
