hi I'm login here shaycarl
I'm not in the mood why do you think
you're doing good thing you're watching
the road whoa good thing I got my titi
right here why GG what's the TT you
don't know TT is know you're one of the
best tt's I've ever had some of you know
what it is you don't know what it is
you're not even a true Shaytards and
then you really know what a TT is you're
a true Shaytards man okay I'm pretty
good inappropriate Sunday high like
you're freaking gages eyes are blue hi
Bailey that's what we're doing I
watching the Olympics you guys Mia and
and my stupid Weimer fighting right now
hates you
what are we fighting about I think we
should get a horse Malakai is a dog of
course he's a big dog but he's not a
horse
you do know wait wait I want to change
my answer I do
sundar ding cleans up his poop you have
to clean up honey
that's you don't have to clean up horse
poop it just sits in the pasture there's
a pasture and you don't ever clean up
horse poo you do you guys doing it you
have horses you don't clean up horse
poop you let us stay in the past Arabs a
grass grow
are you sure when have you ever seen
anybody out cleaning up horse poop who
did that who cleaned up the horse poop
in your Grandpa's pasture did you ever
see him cleaning up horse poop yeah when
I have never seen anybody cleaning up
horse poop
it's fertilizer by the way she does live
out in the middle of nowhere which has
grown up so she doesn't know so why am i
fighting with her I just want a horse
yeah well we're not gonna we're not
gonna neglect your horse we'll trim that
snails will shoe the horse
I'll come its Mane I'll do it why do you
come running in here see that's yeah
usually you'd stand there but he comes
running here I think you ought to see
what the argument is he's like I heard
my name I heard my name
I heard the horse I heard my name I
heard something about a horse
I just need to sleek in here quietly and
then nobody'll see me it's a bug spread
there
see no one here you have a horse you're
a one you're a brave a bug it's a slight
mosquito animal I don't know but honey
we seriously I want to get a horse it'll
be good for the kids think about it oh
you're gonna kill it you're vicious you
were a vicious murderer
you were killing
you guys I think we should get a horse
we're moving back to Idaho a pro first
we have another baby I think we should
get a horse we'll get it we'll buy a
house with a lot of acreage here's
another funny thing and it's not funny
he's going to bite you probably know lay
down lie down
good boy no shed shed as much as
possible I think we should get a horse
here's the reason why
we're just looking Alice's when we move
back to Idaho and they're so cheap
they're so cheap they're selling them
dirt cheap in Idaho
literally we're looking at houses online
to buy in Idaho and for what we're
paying here equivalent of rent in
California in Venice Beach we can have
the nicest house that ever was built in
Idaho that's not true that's a slight
exaggeration that's a slight
exaggeration that's it's pretty big
exaggeration but the difference I'm just
giving them a little idea the difference
in housing between Venice Beach
California and Idaho is huge
so we're thinking about we that's why
we're like so excited to move back to
Idaho because we have a mansion it's
gonna be a mansion it's gonna be it's
gonna be a nice big house yeah it's it
and we're gonna spend probably $400 a
month less than what we're paying to
live here to rent this house this
two-bedroom house this two-bedroom
two-bath house that's like 1,300 square
feet we're gonna we have a mansion for
paying here it's just cuz you're so
close to the ocean what it's killing us
not
but it's expensive let's be honest we're
getting a horse - we have a horse named
yeah baby and we have a rattan I thought
you wanted another great listen if we
get worse I want in the horse madness
baby tard baby tard we're gonna get a
horse you guys mark my word eventually
one day there will be a horse named
Magnus that will be my animal and you
guys will watch me ride him no no no no
no Amanda needs own its own horse
not right your sister's horse no you
need to go there for like three days to
a week and be the sole take Kate care
take take care I will do it
we'll teach the kids how to take care of
the horse they can feed it why not teach
them a vlog the whole time we're
fighting right we're fighting this is
atop this mountain stoner bed by the way
he met guys like this is awesome you
think this is awesome hope they fight
all night long I can't do Yatim hey
listen I was just playing around you
need to get off the bed now
come on get off you know better than
that
good boy I love you I love you we're
getting a horse I will name him madness
and we will ride for everything that is
good and righteous in the world
