hi I'm logging here okay um we're just
decided to run down to the beach because
it's five o'clock and we've literally
just had the laziest Saturday ever me
and mommy had been taking naps these
guys have been making a mess in the
house
and I just said oh such a nice day today
let's just go out into the beach we'll
just go down there and walk around and
just look at the sunset so we're gonna
go do that right now
and I was looking I have some of the
comments about how there's only like ten
days left of the vlog there's more than
10 days there's what's today xx there's
like 13 days left can you guys believe
we've almost done this every single day
for an entire year I mean I'm gonna be
30 years old in 13 days can you believe
that money two weeks what do you guys
think
oh I want to be safe too
what do you guys think about this Sun
tarde what do you think we've almost got
an entire year give him care okay I'm
not getting any love here on my question
okay let's go to the beach they don't
even care I feel like it's
accomplishment anyone who plays a tune
poorest members must be sacked if you
could find out which has a sense of
pitch wisely hold those who cannot act
christine daa√© the lady of the hour
no just roll in this dog Whiston die how
dare you why not sting Christine you
don't have to we can't make you okay
we're done and that concludes your bit
of art we know about 30% of the words so
Phantom of the Opera
he has no needles words Malecha is just
excited to be out on on a ride you all
right
oh this is a cold face if I've ever seen
a face it looks cold this is it oh it's
very breezy there's this little girl
right here and the wind is whipping come
on California beautiful though man
through that sunset so pretty sorry if
the winds hitting the microphone freakin
postcard well yeah it's not a whole
there's a hole in the ground what you
gonna do with it
dancing it looks like you're dancing in
it there it is
so pretty so pretty you guys go to the
top of the hill and have a race who can
roll down the fastest give to go to the
top of the hill and then roll down the
fastest okay
now go up to the top and race princess
card can your marks
hey cut staff in their eyes get set go
keep rolling keep rolling you dizzy
u-turn mami tarde you ladies look so
gorgeous
here everywhere
what
okay now we're gonna have the race of
the century people the Sun tired and the
princess hard are gonna race down the
hill and the first one to jump in the
hole wins some tire just really put a
lot of work in this offseason princess
hardest know to be skilled in this event
oh but Sun tarde comes out at the nose
the first one to jump in the giant hole
is the winner one more time everyone go
to the top of the beach go goo goo see
all these people sitting on the beach
they're watching the sunset it reminds
me of that show and Nicolas Cage the
City of Angels was that the City of
Angels and then when the Sun would rise
they would all go jump in the ocean guys
remember that oh here they come again
but just hard to coming in last you
upset about the defeat just make sure
whatever you do you don't laugh so
gorgeous it's almost like I mean I know
it's the ocean
it always just feels like a tropical
destination every every day the last
have you noticed that you notice that
differ from last year every time we come
down here there's at least six people
with really nice cameras sitting here
taking pictures
it's like it's like the Suns paparazzi
you know when the sun's going down the
paparazzi comes out to get the Sun
paparazzi
see soaking wet cannot keep Sun out of
the water just like you can't keep a
dolphin out of sardines and he's jumping
in the water yeah it doesn't matter he
will get in the water if there's water
and we're not watching he'll get in he's
like a fish he loves and it's it's
really cold out here I mean it's not
like snow cold obviously but this breeze
and just like the air of the ocean
that's very cool but he's just in the
water it's so bright ah so gorgeous I'm
gonna miss it and then just like look at
all these giant clouds the mountains
over here let's see you go dive into one
of those waves and see it
that was a big one hit it
you just tackle that wave like a
linebacker dog have you ever danced in
the ocean maybe should dance in the
ocean you can dance if you want to you
can dance till night away but if you've
never danced and you haven't danced in
the Pacific Ocean such a great song I'd
just throw that off the top of my head
what's for dinner what are we gonna show
me we're like I don't know it's this
stuff
let's get carrots cucumbers olives rice
and gouache and pineapples though you
call that goulash a Hawaiian haystack
I've never had a Hawaiian haystack
what's in it
mommy tart what's the ingredients so
much chicken had to die in this meal I
hope you guys are grateful are you
grateful son tard yes think of all the
chickens that died to feed you there's
vegetarians watching this right now
we're not too happy guys listen it's not
my fault
mommy tarts the chicken murderer okay
you want to see someone whose murders
chickens look into the face of death it
looks like you've murdered some carrots
and cucumbers as well as long as you're
the pineapple murderer okay so these are
Hawaiian haystacks with apple juice and
juice and all that stuff thanks mommy
once again the delicious dinner up top
up dr. chicken murdering let's call this
video chicken murderer murderer watch
your back mummy Todd
