can you believe it we're coming up on
three years soon okay I have the camera
do that thing you do when I have the
camera and I realize just today like how
fast it actually is sneaking up on us
are you ready
you don't clean up you really know what
a TT is your true hurts man hey
mami toy we go for a bike ride
no good job dad good job did you ever do
something stupid that you regretted as a
five-year-old never seen anybody clean
up horse poop
I'm leaving Los Angeles I was here and
now I'm leaving yo my name is bug eyes I
run all security for these glamorous
ladies ha ha
but hey no seriously Oh we're sort of
its fertilizer what are we fighting
about you're having a cook
time to baby hey toothless you have to
clean up honey
that's you don't have to clean up horse
poo
I love funny things and I love you it's
you're funny I marry you forever
yes thank you it's a bug it's right
there I think her fourth time this year
and this is the big hill we're on the
big hill I love you anyway cuz I just
love you but you are funny I sit down to
see what does it mean that when I say
there's a link in my pants imma griever
you know who missed you the most thinks
it's an idea when it's really just
information and it's not really in my
pants it's just kind of a joke does that
make sense did you cry no you didn't cry
then you don't really love us how's the
poop sitch talk to me about the poop
sitch can we talk about the poop stitch
I know you don't like to talk about the
poop sitch but we got to talk about it
it's a situation that needs to be
addressed
let's go poop switch it up you didn't
cry you should not use those words only
unless it's perfect timing and hilarious
clean up the poop what is that hand for
okay Pasha ran back again I'm ready
is she like giving it a recital she's
giving a speech Shh what are you doing
bro what do you think it's just why
don't you get clean in the house to your
sisters being a good example to you how
much this and me what dance is that what
did you say you're calling Justin
Bieber's dance DVD get ready for it guys
favorite arts dance DVD I mean just had
dance class and baby tard
you just go woke up from a nap and she's
gonna do her hurt and she's doing my
hair just like OK ROCK Todd and I are
here to do some grocery shopping while
the girls are in ballet Rock what are
you gonna retire on your fishing boat
down south of Florida huh yeah you and
that shirt bro ready to do the next
Richard Simmons workout video look you
can touch daddy's face what do you think
do you like it hey I love you I love you
what do you want to get daddy for any
birthday daddy gonna get daddy a ball
and a car dad's doing good job dude
killing it so fun to miss daddy hey
daddy you say love your daddy what is
going on that is a wasteful use of
resources that's so good
I think we should get a horse Malachi is
a dog of course he's a big dog but he
said a horse all right we just shot a
video for Carly Stiles channel with our
doggies Bronx you up on you do no wait
wait I want to change my answer I
everybody to sleep now it's like another
freaking year has just snuck by I have
logged every single day for three years
that is insane we're gonna get a horse
you guys mark my word eventually one day
there will be a horse named Magnus that
will be my animal get your skis Belle
we're going just get medcine we're
getting the horse I sit down my computer
to see what you have done so far today
it's just nice
it's just a cool family be good to each
other
people
but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome and your wife
is
wonder if in the old times if they could
come to the future and they said what do
you do for a living and I said I'm a
vlogger if they would think that I'm a
vlogger you know vlogger somebody who
whipped somebody it's not a flogger is
so in this hypothetical situation I'm
creating in my mind if I could go back
in time somebody might mistake the word
vlogger and vlogger and think I'm a bad
person
hi Shay Carly coming to you from my new
office you may say Shay oh did you move
where did you get this new office well a
baby used to live in here not anymore
baby TARDIS kicked out we have our three
kids all in one room right now is that
selfish me my wife wanted an office like
for ourselves so we could store our
files in this large cabinet and and put
our ketchup on top of the file look at
this
these are blogtv things that Josh source
made and Denise vlogs brought to our
house we have filed them so here's my
new office there's a light there's a
speaker there's the there's the base
there's a computer Oh take some toilet
paper there's a creepy baby
there's my shoes what am i doing listen
listen I've had the best idea for a
video what I'll do is I'll take a camera
and they'll go round and I'll print it
stuff and I'll see what that item is
ready okay this is a guitar this is a
book case and contained within that book
case our books no that's a printer
whatever so the problem with I've gotten
to this mental thing you know I wanted
to start the Shaytards channel so much
debacle read Dibakar II um I wanted to
start this to be able to just do little
vlogs like these and that seems like
I've been doing a lot of those lately
I'm gonna make a video tomorrow
a skipped video let me watch it Carl but
because I created this channel on the
nets like there's more and more
subscribers come I think I can't just
get on here and vlog I hit a may have to
have a good idea before I start no I'm
not gonna get trapped into that mindset
it bothers me that I feel like I can't
vlog because I don't have something
totally planned I think you can just get
on here and talk about to talk to you
guys now I'm all worried because it's
getting long it's too long I gotta stop
but I gotta stop it alright see you guys
later I'm gonna vlog more once a day for
the next 12 years that's a lie
