hi I'm log in here okay let's do a
survey of your good deeds in the land of
dog crap how many days have you picked
up dog crap six days
so you missed you stop for a few days
you went four days in a row did a good
job four days in a row
clean it up mountainous levels of dog
poo poo and then you've stopped for like
three days and then you've gone
I think another two days okay so guess
how many days you have left now you've
gone six days so how many do you have
left
four days okay and then after the four
days what do you get yeah that's right
but you don't get it till you finish the
the ten days and I almost if I was
really a stickler I would say you have
to just go ten days straight and make
you start over but I'm gonna give you
credit for time you served that's right
then you have three days left after you
finish tomorrow right and so on and so
forth we get how it works and all done
and then we're gonna do with that iPod
what are you gonna do while you're
listening to the music
I bet you'll dance around quite a bit
let's see that necklace you got there
where'd you get that my mom right from
the after dollar store super nice to her
let me see it spider-man necklace anyone
see the book of the name of it I sure do
it makes I'm superhero stuff it's Marvel
that's Marvel Comics on the back girls
so yeah there you go
let's get you branded now you know
what's your favorite comics are all
right it's just beautiful morning in Los
Angeles
mom is in the kitchen why he's in the
kitchen mom well we like when you like
to cook things huh girls what's going on
right here what's that cinnamon streusel
I can't even remember when the last time
I had a delicious cinnamon streusel is
mmm I could go first
Susa muffin who wants a cinnamon
streusel muffin raise your hand
truthful people pants oh it looks so
delicious decadent delicious baby tart
you want a cinnamon streusel monthly
then raise your hand raise your hand
look your face all right it's looking
good mom welcome okay Saturday morning
at the shaycarl residence this is kinda
how it goes as we wake up watch cartoons
eat breakfast you know do whatever we
play for a while and then it's time to
clean up the house and it never ceases
to amaze me how much energy the children
have when we're playing and then as soon
as I say okay it's time to clean your
room
Prison start all of a sudden has she is
on death's door mom my stomach hurts
I can't clean the room today she's so
conniving she tries to think of little
ways to get out of things and you can
tell it's like your stomach doesn't come
on your stomach hurt
the last time we cleaned the room and
the last time we cleaned the room and
then there's Sun tarde
he's just honest Jesus but mom I don't
want to clean the room that's boring
yeah it's boring and I'm not gonna do it
I decided I am a mom not a maid so that
means I was down there and coach you and
tell you what you need to do so that you
learned how to do it but I'm not gonna
do it for you okay you need to learn how
to do it I remember this growing up too
my mom would tell us to will clean our
room and we literally had junk all over
the floor you couldn't even see the
floor there's like clothes dolls toys
garbage whatever we would shove it all
in the closet and all under the bed and
it was God the rooms clean but no we
would end up having to clean up later of
course but and I also remember if it got
too bad she would just come in with a
big garbage bag you know for charity and
you start throwing stuff in there and we
really know love Joe don't know that's
my favorite and we would you know it was
traumatizing but we learned you pick up
your stuff
put it away or it gets taken away and to
this day I still remember I had a doll
with a cute little blue outfit that I
loved and I remember her putting it in a
bag one day and I thought oh she'll give
it to me later
I loved that doll but I don't think she
did it's gone I've never seen it sense
and so I learned my lesson you don't
want to take it away youth you put it
away and I've done that a few times with
my kids but I usually like I'm just too
sensitive I guess I usually pick up the
toys that are really trashed like the
broken dollar store toys or stuff but
I've noticed they haven't played with in
forever and I don't know if they've ever
remembered him they haven't ever
mentioned them again I still have them I
can't throw anything away so anyway
that's how Saturday morning goes in our
house what it is doing okay so I guess
the message I'm trying to get across to
you guys is if you're a cynic you're
watching this video and you're supposed
to be cleaning your room then go clean
your room right now or I'm gonna take it
all the way I swear I will but rate 5
stars first okay maybe tried what are
you doing we don't do his fur remember
what you paint we do his nails oh look
you already did his nails oh he looks so
pretty
all geez I'm getting the treatment this
morning I'm just getting my manicure a
mani and a pedi I walked in the room and
she was just sitting here talking about
no mal Chi no stay look what is she
doing she's painting its nails this
morning we found this little nail polish
at the dollar store huh and she says
she's been painting away ever since we
got it oh you look so pretty now
aren't you so happy with the job she did
I think I think you should start doing
it professionally nice hair
bar glue nails do you like your nails I
don't know if you guys can see it but
his nails are sparkly they're long too
because I left his Clippers Idaho and I
need to go buy some more huh this is
that so cream omigod
he hates it when I clip his nails it's
very nervous he's a nervous puppy dog
there's such a good boy though okay I
just got finished blowing up this
balloon what is this another awkward
moment I guess balloons the birds the
bees and the balloons but just blowing
that up I was like what the heck is this
balloon what's this is an interesting
color yeah it looks like a candy corn
maybe from
what's going on here what's going on
here we have a little brother's sister
do not laugh stop stop I told you not to
laugh stop you laugh every time every
time she's an actress she's an actress
playing it Hey no it's right right away
it's under my name yeah Jesus
hilarious oh that was so funny when we
were like this is our love let's talk
about how we're so funny hyung Qasim you
guys haven't seen the behind-the-scenes
of the comedy on the station - yeah baby
leak him a second right I know I could
be funny you're like oh yeah so talented
what they say they say we get endless he
said 35 to 45 fine
15 thanks for coming in tonight guys you
gotta tell them thanks for coming in
tonight
Thanks good job sorry we get to race
that's it
calling your boss get a raise so we're
eating the episode
according an island burner and this is I
got the what were they called
they're like the chicken strips the Tiki
tenders
I felt like almost emasculated to order
what about my water I'll have the Tiki
tenders I like the Tiki tenders look
anyways it comes on this plate of it
looks like styrofoam basically but you
can eat it but it's just it's not cooked
or anything I don't know what this is
but it looks and tastes like styrofoam
you see this it's tasteless and crunchy
it's nasty talk about the styrofoam on
my plate babe try it try that babe babe
babe babe babe I think it's awesome it's
so good it tastes like ups mmm is this
DHL flavor
Oh Oh get down
sorry guys
all right get out they're gonna be very
scared oh so bad once you get to know us
man
