hi I'm vlogging here good morning
are you Frodo Baggins is that how we
talk it's a how we talk that's not how
we talk is that baby tard we say mom I
would like to watch some other
programming and not the view
may I please select the show called
Curious George the monkey that would be
much more to my viewer pleasure okay can
you say that to mom say mom I would like
to select a different option of
programming on the television you don't
say okay okay okay
I am project okay okay and what are you
supposed to make with that okay work on
something
okay so son tard has a very monumentous
momentous project that he has just been
assigned and it's very exciting are you
excited yeah I think I am more excited
than you are because this is a milestone
moment in my life let me just read this
to you and I'll tell you I'll explain
why on Wednesday February 24th press
start no we will be celebrating the
100th day of school I would like your
family to create a poster for this
special day your job is to display a
collection of a hundred items on the
poster I've sent home make sure you have
a hundred of the same thing example a
hundred cherries a hundred pennies
that's what I did when I was in
kindergarten you can display your
collection as a future project oh wait
oh that collection sa picture or as a
word or a message have fun with your
project please bring your poster back to
the
on Wednesday favorite okay I don't know
her the whole thing I'm sorry stop it
I'm walking here your boy here's what I
wanted to say I remember us so this is
like one of my first memories I can
still remember I remember being in
kindergarten and getting this same
project and I'm sure you guys all did
this do you remember being in
kindergarten I remember mine because I
was like what am I gonna do like I
wanted to have the coolest I remember I
was like me my mom were talking she's
like what about hundred eighties I'm
like no that's stupid about hundreds no
I think Giuliana's doing that one matter
to these no Jose said he was gonna use
that one oh my god what a cool one and I
she said well what if we did pennies I
was like pennies that's lame every zubi
pennies so that she's like what if we
did dimes and I was like oh as a
kindergartner I was like 100 dimes
that's like how much money would that be
and so I was like yeah let's do that so
I did a hundred dimes and I just rode
out with dimes we glued him on the page
a hundred and I was like so proud of it
taking it in the next day because it was
like so heavy and I'm like check it out
bling bling Miss Smith what do you think
about that so now that Sun tarde is
going through this same project it's
just like exciting and and I just what
do you want to do dude like what do you
want to choose break this dog this is my
flogging arm and if I have a
four-year-old stuck to my flogging arm I
can't very well vlog very well now can i
oh so listen we're gonna think about it
we'll talk about it we'll brainstorm
some ideas maybe if you wanted to you
could ask these people to comment below
what would be a cool thing to put on
your poster do you want to do that and
see what they say just to get some
suggestions or do you just want to think
about it all by yourself all by yourself
okay
he's thinking about it all by himself so
none of you better comment below with
what you think he should use okay I've
been talking for like 10 minutes about
he's like dad you're not even part of
this I have already figured it out put
your stupid camera away I'm gonna go do
my project now okay what are you gonna
do
you guys please click the ads over in
the sidebar I need a hundred diamonds
and I need them fast we can't use
diamonds dude those are expensive ah
blood diamonds I see what you're saying
okay we gotta go we gotta get some
shovels sure okay
so we are having even more life-changing
moments happening today
all over the place these are big life
moments so we're watching here on TLC
and this baby was just delivered and it
was very let's say true to the Rif thing
right honey I mean they showed almost
everything like I've had three kids well
I haven't she has but I've been in the
room all three times and it was like
graphic it was like that's really what
it's like so the baby had the umbilical
cord wrapped around its neck when it
came out and its face got all blue and
it couldn't breathe and that scare you
how come you thought it was her why'd it
make you sad and you don't want mommy to
have a baby that gets hurt well it's
kind of scary huh yeah but it's okay cuz
look mommy's healthy sheets for fruits
and vegetables and everything so it's
gonna be good dude look at all look out
you guys these are all healthy and
strong and tough it's gonna be fine cool
up top
he's gonna be your little brother you
have to teach him how to like do your
sweet dance tricks you like come here
little bro let me show you some moves I
got you start busting on a move you want
to start doing one right now let's see
it go let's see that what are you gonna
teach your little brother finally put
down book downs but took the found while
bounds to the bout moment ago wow wow
yeah
always hot on the final pose that's what
I love let's see he's fine they're
smiling and happy baby tard with that
what's that it's a baby baby tard
where's mommy can have a baby as mommy
can have a baby where's mommy's baby
where's mommy's baby show us right there
where's mommy's baby baby tard go point
to mommy's baby
but I thought mommy's baby was right
here okay I just got back from bike ride
I should have taken the camera why
didn't I take the cameras Jeff foal
sometimes you agree I should have taken
the camera but I didn't I went on a nice
little sunset bike ride and oh my
goodness I guess I did I just had my I
had my headphones on and it was soo just
it was relaxing just the ocean it's like
it's like the Fountain of Youth for me
it's just like every time I go down
there I smell and list my music and I
ride my bike it's so energizing but
we're heating dinner now chopping down
chomp chomp chomping down what are you
up everybody is shop chomp chomping down
what are these mom would you make us hot
subs this Quiznos
are we at Quiznos are we eating fresh
like it's subway get some cucumbers Oh
looks delicious you guys I'll just play
a song right now that I think all of us
need and I think this is quickly I think
this is quickly becoming our family song
if you guys don't know this song I'm
just gonna play a little bit of it but I
think this is quickly becoming our
family song and I just think what do you
think honey do we need do we need some
of it right now I think we might need
something right now let's do it
oh wow
bring it and then they brought it
