hi I'm vlogging here hey guys just
shooting a shaycarl video real quick
just doing a normal day shoot
how'd you guys think that went oh it was
great it's great it's gonna be great
that's great
yeah I'm so just a normal video a little
little messy little messiness mmm it's a
strawberry oh yeah
that's cream cheese filling what's up
what would you do with my cupcake um I
think it's on my forehead s'more okay
see here in my lungs
um we're shooting the competition series
it's gonna be on iCarly you guys will
see I don't take a quick shower cuz I'm
a freaking mess okay what's my life how
do you spell that
my life Oh night life okay I thought
it's like Nye like my life like Bill Nye
the Science Guy okay so I just came out
to go pick up some tart and these guys
are hanging outside my house trying to
sell me art that's just gorgeous that's
a moon and some that's the Great Pyramid
of Egypt and there it is again you do
all this with spray paint yeah that's
cool I actually watched a guy at a State
Fair do this once and I was pretty
impressed I'm not gonna buy any cuz I
don't get a debit card okay so go check
out nightlife right it's on YouTube
youtube.com slash nightlife and tell me
you guys want to buy some of this oh
look at that is that the black pearl
from Pirates of the Caribbean that kinda
what it was loving it loving it you get
Jupiter there you got all kinds of stuff
that's great yeah I love the colors it's
awesome
well it's nice to meet you guys what was
your name Gabi Julio
miner like like like you were major yeah
well you're minor now but you're gonna
be major some to be a major v one day
anyway sorry thanks for stopping by
guys go check them out nightlife
youtube.com slash nightlife
mother lives I'll put a link in the
sidebar I'll check out the sidebar you
know how that works okay so um they gave
me one of their pieces of art for free I
don't have to pay for it they're so nice
um if I think I'm crazy cuz I think I'm
breaking out like I'm getting a rash see
my face it's like Greg right here that's
like flower and cupcake and egg all like
we had to splatter it all of our faces
it's for the shaycarl video coming up
and I feel like I'm face is all red it's
like starting to get itchy the teacher
I'm going to pick up son Todd right now
and the teachers probably be like are
you okay are you okay this is just me
and my facebook all splotchy anyways
okay so we're going out to eat and we're
stopped at a stoplight and this guy
pulls up next to us and he's like I'm
like hey and I thought for a minute that
he was listening to Symphony music I
really thought he was gone I'm like oh I
must be a composer he's
but then I looked closer he's like no
roll your window down that's like okay
but I roll my window down and I'm like
hey what's up he's like hey I just wanna
let you know that I love you guys this
video some a big fan and I was just
watching the Jonas Brothers shoot a
music video over on Main Street but I
saw you guys and I decided to follow you
instead maybe this is the Jonas Brothers
hair anyways so then he says um he goes
uh he's like I saw your sister and the
one on when you guys were at home doing
the gymnastics he's like you ever think
about like maybe your sister and one a
deidara you could eventually work out
and I was like I don't know maybe oh
this is them yeah the jump I bet you
that was them back there the Jonas
Brothers alright here is that them jump
Roz yelling Jonas brother well anyways
they're doing some music video they got
that we got a bunch of equipment and
rigs out there Joe Broz Joe's Bros for
life JB is Jonah is JB Jonas Brothers or
Justin Bieber who gets the JB what do
you think who gets the JB Jonas Brothers
are Justin Bieber JB s's they give good
jbs lots so I thought it was pretty
funny that some random some random guy
is trying to hook up my sister with one
a day Derek maybe it'll work I don't
know they're uh they're both
good-looking people what do you think
honey what do you think one day Dirk's
good-looking what is that supposed to
mean oh so angry
now I don't know and we got on the phone
with me i tarde
should have an eye toward alright so I'm
tired what are you looking for where are
they are they out there I don't see him
last time we came here mia mama jarred
saw dolphins fabulous super delish and
Justine is coloring her picture so
childish she look to you this is our
mentally handicapped oldest child her
name just Steve okay so you guys check
out this some look at the sunset it's
gorgeous
you barely see it here on the horizon
we're at a place called Dux in Malibu is
this Malibu
I think it's considered Malibu but we're
at this place called Dukes and it's like
right on the ocean and last time we were
eating for mommy tarts birthday we came
here and there was like five dolphins
just like right out here and you could
just see him and they go back and forth
come out of the water this is gorgeous
sunset on Malibu at dukes
stop ready not as pretty as the baby
tarde look at pony I love your pony such
a cute pony you got let's see what
you're doing can I see it we see your
progress oh my goodness are you even
trying
go on try harder than that Gino why
tonight's special mommy turns eating the
majority of the bread our waiter just
told us that this is one of them we're
lucky because this is one of the last
sunsets of the year because we're facing
due south and the next the rest of the
year the Sun will be behind the
mountains
it'll be over The Sun will be over that
way so you actually won't ever get a
sunset that you can see so we're gonna
actually see it on the water that's like
one of the only nights so we just lucked
out to come here on the night that we're
going to see sunset on the water from
that's crunking the free version you
want to dance to another toothpick
what's that oh no this is for you
another toothpick here you can borrow
mine okay you call me Craig this is
jewelry Craig I missed you why don't you
ever go anymore
Gregg what are you doing this weekend
sexier than the last time I talked to
you Greg oh crap I gotta go my mom's
coming combinator
I love you wrong number
that can't be a wrong number that's
those blocked so it's gotta be somebody
there's blocked asking for Julie and I
was like yeah lunch is rare that's
somebody probably watching the vlog that
somehow got my phone number and they're
like yes they're gonna call me all the
time
don't call me anymore Greg if you're
watching
