right login here what is that what are
you gonna share that with me oh well you
know what my favorite is don't you do
you guys is my favorite why are you
wiping your nose with your sleeve Wow
do you need a tissue yes yes need a
tissue
hey here let's give tissue further no
don't do that anymore here's a good
throw that was see I drew right there
always use a tissue and if you don't
have one you asked for one K gross so
what is that what is that big heart
puppet man what's his purpose in life
show me what he does
what what are you doing
remember what that means
what's it mean Happy New Year and
Chinese or Japanese one of those
favorite flavor favorite okay
great with my favorite flavor do you
guys remember Valentine's at your school
we used to decorate shoeboxes and then
you would put like a little slit in your
shoebox everybody would just go and put
the Valentine's and it was so exciting
after like and you put all your
Valentine's and everybody else's box to
go back to your box and see what you so
exciting I love it and now I don't get a
shoe box full of Valentine's I get a
dozen roses and chocolates chef Angie
all right so I'm at the station and
we're shooting this little uh little
promo video for this this cop video we
made come look at this let's guys the
nerve this guy to vlog behind my back
I've locked you Oh Brian there's not
enough room for two burgers
so this is our prop Department can we
call that this can we call this I want
we need to get a signer here it says
prop Department and then it's like check
things like a really hardcore secretary
it's like yeah check that out oh look I
use this in the zombies anyways we need
to use this gun and walkie talkie
just a bunch of random stuff over here
close paper just whatever we need
so awkward here's a drum set who need a
drum set okay this is how ridiculous I
am I'm driving down the road you know
going to pick up princess chard from
school and usually at the corner by our
house it's really busy and there's
always people out there with signs like
will work for food or um you know could
you spare anything any you know just
little signs so I'm just driving and I
look over and there's this lady there
and she looks like oh and like I feel so
bad for him like oh she shouldn't be on
the street you know but I look at her
sign and it says Anthony Phelps I'm like
Anthony Phelps why would you be on the
corner loading a cardboard side that
says Anthony Phelps who was Anthony
Phelps anyway so I'm thinking for like
two minutes while I'm sitting at this
light trying to figure out why it says
Anthony Phelps and then I look a little
closer it says anything helps to torque
and I feel horrible because they don't
have any change but I'm like anything
helps duh who's Anthony Phelps
so anyway dad's what happens to mommy
tired when she's pregnant I'm what are
you doing you coming to visit daddy at
work come on up
we got mommy to carry you you're spoiled
to apples
she looks snazzy got a shirt and tie
well I like to dress for success happy
Valentine's Day to you candy
connect listen candy baby Jack's got a
sucker so keep your job - all right so
hey you guys I'm just folding laundry I
wanted to tell you something really cute
that happened today I was kicking myself
for not having my camera with me but
this is a perfect um parenting moment
that is rewarding you know there's a lot
of moments that are a little bit
stressful and you know you gotta have a
lot of patience but today was very
rewarding we took a centaur to the all
right I've sent her to school and ever
since the beginning of the year in their
playground they have a Ty Cobb monkey
bars and he's always wanted to be able
to do them and he's only been able to
get maybe two rungs and then he falls so
I've told him you know if you practice
you'll get better so you got to practice
a lot and then you'll be able to do it
all the way and so every day before
school before the bell rings he'll
practice the monkey bars and he usually
gets halfway and then falls everyone
said well he'll get one more you know
and then he'll fall but today you know
the school years over in like four three
or four months and he did it he finished
that he got all the way across the
monkey bars and he was so proud and he
he goes mom I think that Gatorade juice
I've been drinking
oh it's really funny as I said no it's
because you've been practicing and he
said I'm gonna practice I'm gonna be the
best monkey bars monkey person in the
whole world it was really awesome and
plus we've been watching the Olympics
lately so he's been really like
motivated to to be an athlete and and
all that so I just thought I would tell
you I'll tell you that special moment
that happened today it's very rewarding
to see your kids actually realize that
they can accomplish something if they
work hard at it and to actually do it
yeah so anyways son tarde got all the
way across the monkey bars first time
today roped and I can handle the one key
buzz that I can handle the highway watch
my new video Punk's makes a new sidebar
