hi I'm logging here this is Carl's
this is what I edited magic fabulous
editing that they you know like on Harry
Potter or their like team Gryffindor
when I got my hat it was team iMovie o
6h d that's I have to wear this whenever
I yeah the vlogs which I'm doing now mhm
is one a little sneak peek which is
funny because we're recording this
before I've even uploaded this video but
by the time you watch this video you'll
have already had seen this video unless
you hadn't watched yet then you should
go watch the previous day's video is
that does that make sense it's like it's
a good timeline it's like the butterfly
effect be careful
hey those are the fabulous bread balls
they're so good they're so good they're
delicious yeah and their bread going the
Hat is doing its magic
we must music hey boogers
what you got there you're baking up some
boogers for us thank King you're gonna
go outside and swing so okay how about
we wipe your boogers first to undo that
hey what do you think you're doing what
do you what are we gonna do tonight
movies yeah you accept like 6:00 in the
morning
well we goin to the movies net we're
going to the movies yeah cuz we toddler
going to the movies today and he's like
I don't want to sleep I want to go to
the movies I'm like it's gonna be a long
day you're already bugging me about the
movies but hey we're gonna go to the
movies tonight
so we'll just catch up with you guys
then okay we're going to a meeting at
the office I got my briefcase this is my
briefcase a computer it's so crazy
the traffic it's such a cliche but it
literally is madness two miles I live
two miles from the office takes me 15
minutes to get here this is just so much
traffic another thing I notice about la
is this the cars Mercedes Beemer
Infiniti Lexus Jaguar they're everywhere
and I don't think these people are
necessarily richer it's just like they
have to have the status symbol of these
nice cars I knew I was like I knew
homies yo what are we gonna do right now
by what are we gonna see Josh and the
Olympians very excited to see it are you
gonna fall asleep your dog he was he is
that why you're not gonna plug sleep
what do you guys think somebody's gonna
fall asleep do you think it's gonna be
we got popcorn what makes you think
you're gonna get popcorn
Oh always that's tradition that's what
we do all right let's go see Percy
Jackson and the Olympians
she thought me like in there do you want
hey no come on let's go come on I know
it looks amazing huh let's go
how high can you jump don't hurt the
baby mom who died Princess our jump from
there nice baby her jump jump was like
last-second decision I don't have any
quarters do these fake debit card if
they had video games that took debit
card we'd probably in trouble because
like we never do the video games because
we never have quarters how to be smart
you guys ever you guys ever seen a video
game that took debit cards I don't think
I've ever seen one that would be pretty
awesome though there's a shifting
who's in USA yeah well this is cruising
world that's the upgraded the upgraded
version it's not only in the USA baby
turn its gonna go through France and
Italy and Paraguay and Uruguay and
Brazil and all over the play is hold on
by ready Everest are you ready hold on
tight
look at that guy on it you don't need a
quarter this is one shade tart power you
know how they have of course the power
it's a shade red power
okay let's go come on we in trouble come
on let's go
she could have just walked around but
she had to climb up on this let's go
guys come on I'm leaving you I'm leaving
you
Harrison tart got it come on baby let's
go woody it's been well good thing
you're okay okay okay so we just saw
what was the cold Percy Jackson and the
worst movie ever made is that what the
name of it was there's I mean whatever
it was entertaining it was entertaining
but it's like there are so many moments
where is like you gotta be kidding me
come on are you serious are you serious
right now
are you being serious with this plotline
give me a break there's baby - er what's
your name
princess card what's your name don't
touch that don't touch that come on baby
card
they'd be tired let's see you jump from
there ready 1 2 3 jump
she almost looks like she's thinking
about it for a second see jump oh nice
what you doing there carrying some
laughs just watching you carry our
offspring I just carry one I got one of
them at 2 I know one oh I just have one
there's no way I'm sorry I'm not one of
those back you win you know you don't
want to let me do you like it what's
that what's that the what's Kristen Wigg
character she does on Saturday I have
and she's like yeah a lot of those see
I'm not like a movie buff like there's a
lot of movies I haven't seen I love
going to movies like I go to a movie any
day of the week I like movies there's
just parts where like without ruining
the movie too much but they're like we
gotta find the Zeus's lightning bolt
it's the most powerful weapon ever
created and then he has like a 10-minute
fight with this dude on the roof and he
has a 3-foot sword he's got this little
sword and the other dude has Zeus's
lightning bolt and it's still like this
big battle it's like if it's the most
powerful weapon ever created
you know why wouldn't just be like
you're dead put on your dead I don't
know there's a lot of those moments
where it's like okay well now this is
the scene where they have a big fight so
yeah they you know just things like that
whatever but it's entertaining
there's some pretty cool special effects
yeah my favorite part was Hades I
thought Hades looked cool
it was pretty cool and the underworld
that was cool I like all this stuff fun
round I don't know I don't ruin it you
guys on a scene if you seen it what do
you think let me know son Todd what was
your favorite part
okay like you like planned this Medusa
scary huh you're not supposed to look in
her eyes like she's it's like she's so
ugly that if you look at her she'll turn
into just turn into stone that's why I
don't that's why I wear sunglasses to
bed so when I wake up to your mommy
hi and just don't I just do you better
be I just print is tired what was your
favorite part of the movie
that was a good part what'd she do to
him she do to him yeah why did he open
the fridge wanted a beer heard you mean
he wanted a beer that's where I keep my
beards in the fridge keep nice and cold
y'all just in case all right your guys
are just awesome come on bedtime bedtime
I have a confession to make
I have something to show you it's very
serious
those clothes and those clothes and
those clothes I'm not done yet and those
clothes they're all clean I just
expected put them away but that is the
hardest part is folding them and putting
them away I mean they're just gonna get
dirty again just gonna have to throw
them back in this pile I don't want to
do it after that there's plenty of
dishes that need to be done too
