hi I'm logging here good morning world
what's going on out here looks like
somebody has taken a nice little plop
down on your guys's bed well you know if
they're gonna lay it out in my toes
we'll use it so comfortable what are you
guys doing out here you're camping
you're pretending that you're camping in
the woods what's this this is your
dinner of rocks it's a recipe of rocks
you guys rock biters
but let's just looking limestone rock
named that movie who can name that these
are big strong hands you guys know that
movie that sound familiar
a delicious limestone rock what is it oh
it's right on the tip of your tongue a
trio our Tech's know everything Atta kid
I don't know you guys know that show you
just gave it away they're supposed to
guess in the comments below
anyway Sunter got it for you guys huh
babbit our how's it going what are you
doing you waiting for mommy mommy would
have to do some errands huh you campin
to you just sitting down relaxing on the
weekend out on a nice sunny day
california√≠s your nice little flippy
floppies I got my flippy floppies what's
up dude what's up Oh should we we won't
even let her know where we are yeah we
will we're going down to the beach later
today okay
yeah we're go down there and hang out
it's nice day we're gonna make quillian
malachite hard you want to go out do
that daddy you know as well as I do that
there's no dogs allowed on the beach so
I'll just stay here if you guys leave
some food out for me that'll be fine
I'll just stay here and watch the house
thanks malachite art all right I'm just
working on the computer editing videos
they're camping mommy tarts doing some
chores some some errands put your toys
in the same way it's like my shirt I'm
wearing my own shirt
very cool you wanna go you wanna go you
wanna go you wanna nope alright go for
right you excited I'm gonna go for right
whenever everybody's getting ready to go
somewhere Malakai like we'll run outside
and they'll run back in here and look at
me like what do you think cycle can I go
I'm excited I'm gonna round to the gate
and then I'll run back in your what
she'll run back in there oh we're about
to go for ride we're go for right now
the kite Google for right what's over
right come on go for right excited
excited
come on daddy please let's go are we up
um the beach that's right come on ladies
let's go it's a beautiful day on the
beach baby tired come on let's go mommy
cards already carrying a baby she can't
carry you too she's not the baby anymore
baby tard hey are you sad you're not the
baby anymore
are you angry angry she's still a baby
oh what a beautiful day here we are okay
there's a cliff right here how you gonna
get down princess chards going her bum
ba-bum sideways baby Jerry can you jump
and you jump down it 1 2 3 jump
look is it cold okay someone's not
having any fun oh it's alright come on
look sometimes how they're having fun
what happened out there too much water
you okay you breathing was that fun
I saw down here we're about to make a
video me and mommy tarde we got our new
tripod check it check it check it soap
of fashion super professional attired
who's like a high-class production look
at that tiny little camera on the tripod
that cute yeah thank you okay so we're
making a Valentine's Day video right now
well we're gonna tell the story of our
relationship how we met for the first
time and we're actually starting a
advice here he said this way do we go we
tell you guys we're starting a
relationship advice show on the shaycarl
channel where we're gonna take it and
we're gonna take questions and what
would your advice be if I'm going out
with a boy named Jacob and sometimes it
turns into a werewolf but I just don't
want to do both would you recommend they
do mommy tour get out get out that's
great advice
see we'll be giving lots of good advice
like that so be watching for the
relationship show coming up but we're
gonna film the first one right now on
the beach with our high-class profesh
setup wait what change my answer what's
hazard
well as long as you don't like a vampire
at the same time maybe it's okay oh you
just can't do it's a conundrum it's a
riddle wrapped in a rhyme it's like like
steak wrapped in bacon
it's two amazing things that you know
you want both but you can't have both
because they're both you have both of
them that's bad for you
it's bad for your heart literally in
both circumstances come here she's like
I don't want to get that close to the
water come on love walking into the
ocean and then
we're gonna run back we're gonna run
back we're gonna get out as far as we
can and then run back away from the way
it comes
turn look out into the ocean let's get
back this way you back this way
okay so I told her I basically said you
need to decide if you're gonna marry me
or not it's not that I'm out of here
unless you say you're not ready yet then
I'll wait someone's freezin with their
bucket it's a freezing cold at the beach
check the beach we are act up baby peach
washing your feet off so trying to clean
Oh slim turns splashing in the water
everywhere oh you got the lens so we
just we're at the beach running in the
water so nice a lot of people out here
it's like one of the first really really
nice day is here and it's pretty packed
down there on a Saturday it's really
cool they got these big beat berms
wherever these big hills of sand this
wasn't there last summer I don't think
we'd get to sleds you can sled down
there it looks looks fun anyways we're
taking a little shower here trying to
clean off the sand baby tired
it's just down there freezing she
doesn't want to come anywhere near the
water go Apollo Apollo on John Tuan oh
no what's his name Apollo Apollo Oh No
give the very batch taking a slow start
strategy come on come on America I were
just at home now now we're watching come
on America
it's watching the Olympics bouchard's
making some dinner smells delicious in
here by the way what'd you make BLTs
love the BLTs the kids already eat baby
turns in her cheerleading outfit does it
what turkey bacon lettuce tomato a t BLT
baby tart come here come to a cheer for
us let's look at her she's got her
cheerleading uniforms with her ballet
slippers she's a ballerina cheerleader
baby tart do a trick for us she's so
cute
ballerina up with your toes put your
toes like a good dancer oh look at you
does she know how to ballet honey does
she not have ballet why should her toast
like that you guys know what ballerinas
do breast
let's seriously I'm impressed oh the
Barbie movie Wow everything I ever
needed to know in life I learned from
the Barbie movie okay here we go
this is the race than if aunt one Apollo
Oh No oh go so if he wins this race he
will be the most decorated athlete of
all time in the Winter Games or just
America is in America or all times
it's a big race no it's winter winter
anyways I don't know if it's all time or
it's just winter but this is a big race
if he wins this it's it's either all
time or it's definitely just winter
matter of it's all time anyways I hope
he wins Oh
exciting like it's like I'm on the edge
of my seat come on and go on Apollo Oh
No go go your bum looks so tight and fit
in those spandex I mean it looks like
you have really worked on your game in
the offseason that's better oh we have a
second
oh-oh-oh
second silver.silver was he bronze or
silver I think was silver Oh Rach Rach I
think it was silver
yep he's silver that was intense
oh man that was intense but he still is
I believe now he's still the most
decorated winter athlete of all time to
America Q gratuitously BW family
Valentine's Day beach scene now
