not even yesterday I guess you can come
out now
come on come on good job Britt to start
way to feed the doggy tarde
yeah we'll do it chores for the win he
loves it he's a starvin Marvin what job
Malachi is trying to give you more
that's a good puppy way to not bite her
hand off when she puts it in there good
boy
well I think it's the least I could do
she did give me the steak all of it okay
let me show you guys a science trick so
this water jug is full of just tap water
we use this water jug in this for
we filmed yesterday for the shaycarl
channel you better let me show you
something cool so no you know when
you're like try to empty something and
it's like forever if you spin it around
it'll make like a whirlwind in the
bottle and it'll come out a lot faster I
don't know exactly I think it like opens
up a space anyways watch this you ready
like one stream so now that you're all
wet no we're not wasting water it's just
tap water but I have to take these back
I've take these back to the office at
the station because this is our drinking
water and have to refill these with
fresh drinking water and people don't
want to drink tap water from Venice
Beach because apparently it's gross and
another thing when me and Derek went to
the ocean the other day when it was
raining this is another thing I learned
from some of your comments is the reason
that nobody was in the ocean when we
went is because apparently the ocean is
the dirtiest it will ever be on the days
that it rains because it washes like all
the urine and all the crap and whatever
happens down there on Venice Beach all
the rain washes it into the ocean and I
might now have squids squirrel AIDS
squirrel AIDS I have all kinds of STDs
have gonorrhea I actually I also got
type 2 diabetes so don't go to the ocean
on the day that are
let's go you're so freaking cute okay I
just want you to know that you're so
adorable well they're getting off nice
and dirty so is that your microphone
what do you think baby charges she's
sound pretty good she sound good
merrily merrily merrily merrily life is
but a dream she forgot the words on that
last part what are we getting the mail
what's that Oh
what does it state states we're poor
just kidding we're not working we're
rich in love and compassion towards each
other
bring it I'm gonna be juice Oh Touche
from Shay from Shay Carl who say to say
from say from Saqqara Russia Carl
bah ha ha ha ha ha we're watching the
Olympics you punching me in the neck oh
you got my sword
oh I recommissioned it baby too hard
what are you doing the future so bright
you gotta wear shades
baby drug was just in her room yelling
at herself in the mirror with the
sunglasses you're adorable
you're adorable Olivia mommy tard what
are you doing
are you eating naughty food what are you
eating
you just had a brownie at Sun tart
school the Valentine's bake sale day son
cards bake sale you had delicious
brownie so naughty
okay you guys I want to show you guys
something that this is pretty funny
sometimes me and mommy tart get in some
pretty deep conversations and we talk
about like we're moving back to Idaho
where are we gonna live and a lot of you
like well you have a healthy Idaho well
my sister is moving into that house
right now because she has a baby and
she's moving to that house so we start
talking about like you know houses and
we get these serious conversations and
every time we do Malakai leaves the room
because he's a coward he just like you
can just tell that we have serious
voices and you know every time every my
mom be honest with you guys as every
time you know everyone saw me mom eat
are getting a little serious discussion
wouldn't necessarily argue I mean we
argue like every other couple yeah
that's a good that's a good way to say
we debate you know and then every once
in a while yeah we we get into it but uh
you know I mean it's pathetic
like Malachi will leave so quickly if he
can just fill a serious conversation
okay so mommy turkey here grab the
camera okay they're having a serious
conversation that's certainly kind of
getting into it a little bit and we'll
see if Malachi leaves okay so we're just
missing here and talk will see what
normally happens is Malachi we'll get up
from his bed and he'll walk to our room
with us head down ready okay you ready
what should we talk about let's talk
about the color paint okay let's like
okay listen here's the thing oh look
there's Arnold I didn't know Barnum had
the flame on the Schwarzenegger okay
let's let's fight about that
let's fight about that yeah okay I will
think that Arnold should have the flame
and you think that he should not have
the flame why would coerce you would
have the flame he's the Governor of
California
that's not Vancouver it doesn't it
doesn't matter don't be ridiculous
he's it doesn't matter he's the Governor
of California is an actor it doesn't
matter who he is turbo man
he's that was the worst role in history
I hate that role so angry think he just
knows I'm so angry right now what it
Arnold has to run the George
we love you he has such a soft heart you
know that out of all the dogs here's
here's an update on Malachi an update on
Malachi I've had a lot of dogs in my
life I have had like as far as I can
remember there's been a dog in the house
ever since I was a baby I could count at
least ten different dogs that I've had
or my parents had her that I had I
literally if there's not a dog in the
house I feel really weird he is the most
gentle hearted like his just his
personality is like so soft
hi come here come here I just want you
guys to fight okay
poor little guy come here come here come
here pup and and I don't know if I mean
I think this is just kind of Great Danes
in general they're just really timid in
a sense I mean you say they're timid
maybe it's just him you think it's just
him I think it's just him he is so I
think the I think Great Danes are more
emotional
but comer Kim her humor club here Bob
come on go see your dad come here up
here okay it's okay dude okay I promise
you as we've never beaten him he's just
he's so timid he's so scared I don't
know um I think he needs a friend so
when we move back to Idaho we're gonna
we're gonna get another dog right mommy
Tara doesn't want to I think we should I
know we should we'll see now hold up a
minute daddy tard I'm not a timid
weakling like you say I am I can run a
be aggressive and have fun and laugh and
smile just like the next guy I just
don't like to be obnoxious about it like
you do I can stand proud and be brave
and being noble but sometimes I do wish
I had another friend let me know if
you'll be my friend
