yeah William Wallace is tap dancing at
the opening ceremony of the Winter
Olympics that was that was really that
was William Wallace's step pet stepchild
redheaded stepchild tap-dancing at the
Winter Olympics great
so guys oh man I've been overloaded
overloaded um it's tan what time is it
10:00 10:00 51 and guess what I just
realized
guess what I just realized Katie let I
didn't put up a blog today yet oh my
gosh
I put up a shaycarl video and because I
never put up shaycarl videos all day I
felt like oh yeah my videos up I'm good
what are you looking at they're on fire
oh snap oh snap
William Wallace is redheaded stepchild
shoes are on fire so listen I need to
talk to you guys for a minute because
this is probably the first day out of
the whole vlogs that I've like really
kind of forgot let me I'm gonna show you
guys this paper that I was writing down
hold on let me grab this paper okay I
was out going through my shaycarl videos
check this out can you see this yeah
turn that down I can't compete with
William Wallace's redheaded stepchild
with fire on his shoes
quiet Olympics I muted it okay so this
is the video uploads for the shaycarl
channel in the month of January I
uploaded get this zero videos to the
shaycarl channel zero that is that is
ridiculous what a waste of a channel
it's so stupid
I feel I feel dumb
yeah you didn't upload it either
you're busy you're busy taking care of
you know making sure the four people
don't die though and a dog so I don't
blame you but me that's no excuse the
whole month of January zero videos
uploaded the shaycarl channel December
Fleur videos November 1 video October 1
video September 1 video August 4 videos
July 1 video June 3 videos you see a
trend I have not been uploading any
videos on the shaycarl channel and it's
ridiculous and it's a waste of such a
great channel I mean just like I'm just
stupid so I told you guys we're now in
full force uploading two to three videos
a week on Shankarlal and we've already
uploaded three this month and what is
what's today today the 12th it's the
12th and we've already over the last
eight months I've already uploaded more
by the 12th and I have in the last you
know in all the months the last eight
months so forgive me please you guys
please forgive me but I just I really
like all day I'm just like I just felt
like my videos uploaded but I uploaded a
shake crow buddy I didn't upload the
daily vlog and I have some footage to
upload but like if I do it now and I
edit it now at 11 o'clock at night it
won't be up till 4:00 in the morning by
the time I let it all process so I just
thought well crap I'm just gonna make
this quick thing it's not going to be an
HD this video is not going to be an HD
because I have to just do it quick I'm
just gonna do it in regular low-quality
source upload quick so this video won't
be an HD but listen I had an idea today
that I was thinking about once the vlogs
end so how many days do we have March
5th
the vlogs are supposed to end so what's
28 days minus 12 that's 28 18 16 plus 5
is 21 21 days is that correct
I think there's 21 days left in the vlog
and in 21 days I will have uploaded a
video every single day for an entire
year on the Shaytards this is crazy this
is so crazy and so I'm thinking what are
we gonna do after the vlogs are
technically
over the 1 years over I'm gonna keep
going I'm gonna officially come out and
say right now that I am gonna keep going
but I don't think we're gonna do it
every day I don't think we're do the
vlogs every day after March 5th what I
think we're gonna do is this now hear me
out I think what I'm gonna do is say
we're gonna upload 3 videos a week on
shaycarl we're gonna upload a video
Monday Wednesday and Friday on shaycarl
and then the other 4 days of the week
I'll upload a vlog on the Shaytards so
Monday Wednesday and Friday will be
shaycarl videos and then Tuesday
Thursday Saturday Sunday will be
Shaytards log's
so we'll still upload a video every day
of the week but we're not gonna upload
yes 3 will be on shaycarl and 4 will be
on Shaytards is that fair what do you
think yeah every day you'll know that
seems like so many by the way we're
still sending out a last few of the
beard card shirts and we might actually
have a few extra that's what is
Singapore that's a long ways away yeah
love Singapore Singapore Singapore so
what do you guys think put it put a
comment below it's just so stressful you
guys like I really sometimes like I'm
just like I need a break from the
internet I just I feel like I'm like on
the internet so much it's like you know
I'm uploading a video every day and I no
no I mean I'm glad I'm glad I'm not
complaining but it's like some days it's
like I've read so many comments and it's
like it's like I feel like oh if I could
just like not even get on the computer
for like two days that would be so
awesome it would be years two days would
be years I spent eight hours a day on
the computer so I'm thinking after the
year is over they have to you know that
for the year of the vlogs that will do
that that's my plan I don't know tell me
what you guys think four days a week for
Shaytards the other three days we're
gonna upload shaycarl videos they'll be
more skipped
yeah you what do you think you guys let
me know some of you be like how about
you just delete your account you're fat
loser we hate you and some of you be
like why don't you upload three videos
the damn in both accounts and what about
Shay loss what about Katie lad and what
about bambam caboose what about the
station
why don't you upload 70 videos a day
Shay Carl I like you people you people
are awesome but you're driving but not
so much better but I love you beautiful
you don't I mean yes just filling me
here anyways alright so this is a late
night vlog that's going up because we
forgot mommy turd and I are gonna do the
last couple shirts that we still have
and I just love you guys I just want you
guys to know that alright I get sappy
for a minute
can I get lovey-dovey with you can I get
Romanticism
can I get vana lines Danish with you
guys mommy tard loves you about a third
of what I love you I love you way more
than mommy tart loves you you guys are
like you guys are like you know William
Wallace is right head of the stepchild I
love you way more than she does seven
times okay so why say you love them how
do we prove how do we prove who loves
them more take your shirt off how many
videos were uploaded on your channel
take your shirt off to prove whether
holy monkeys that's that Peter Pan is
Peter Pan in Canada oh yeah by the way I
really felt the love for Canadians if
you're a Canadian you're watching this
we're watching the opening ceremonies I
was like Canada they're our allies
they're our friends we borrow some money
Canada in America I have some money
Canada okay really uh we'll figure this
all out
sorry for the crappy vlog we'll be back
in full force the kids are asleep right
now you know a lot of you are here to
watch something I gotta stop I guess
I'll see you guys tomorrow
seriously I love you let me comment
below what do you think we should do
after the years over and we'll talk
I'll leave it up to you guys but that's
that's my that's what my proposition to
you is okay love you bye bye fit bye
honey oh we're gonna go drink maple
syrup now and watch the Olympics haha
quit touching my balls
