hi I'm log in here what are you doing
what's that
we're just shooting a video and there's
marshmallows all over the floor some of
this bowl most of them have been in my
mouth
some of them have been in mom turns
mouth but we're shooting this video for
upcoming shaycarl competition series you
guys be watching out for it's gonna be
hilarious
oh your baby Todd
plus your dress is on inside out and
backwards but I guess when your iron
babies are it doesn't matter
I like the ponytail it's a great pony
turn around this to your pony tail
let me see your pony tail
oh that's adorable what's up to the
office son tard got a roll son son tard
has been cast in a Kassem G video so in
40 minutes we're gonna go to the set you
excited this is your first your first
big role that you've landed outside of
the Shaytards enterprise --is you're
gonna be in a Kassem G video are you
excited
he hasn't be watchful for that I'll let
you know when it uploads it'll probably
be a while till it's uploaded nope
you haven't got any roles yet you need
to get a better agent you need to talk
to your agent I told you were going in
40 minutes a baby dart baby doesn't come
in either
okay so we're out here in the office son
tard you excited you nervous you nervous
you know I'm just gonna freakin I'm
gonna hand the camera over sunt are here
I want you to scrab that and film
yourself and just vlog tell us what
we're doing we're going to the office
what are we um
Megillah um Kassem G video think it'll
be hilarious
yeah are you nervous yeah you are
good job alright it's that on your face
yeah I'll make sure you can see it on
your face nice okay we're going to make
a cast in G video Oh gets so proud how's
the battery on that h is the h VX so
handsome in this lighting I just say
that right now not going out and I'm not
you silly you know your hair seriously
yep okay anyways you could have probably
the best hair on the Internet no not me
can you just shut up for a second
awesome good Oh better I mean yeah yours
has more body to it actually Ron is a
close second for the best Tara Oh Ron
has some great hair might have to move I
love your hair on Sunday are you ready
alright let's do this
here we go hey great job you nailed it
what do you think Qasim how'd it go oh
man if it wasn't for Sun tard if it just
had been you the whole time
right it would have been horrible
horrible he's the actor he's the man you
gotta yeah he had to say his line like
50 times he's like okay are we done are
we done
nope we gotta do it again do it again
that's the life let's recreate what just
happened che don't they won't even
believe it wrong seriously he was
standing here
that's over cetera this can was rolling
he was put these cans out and I saved it
boom like that he was like the flash and
I told her on that if I read told that
story nobody would even believe it but
it really happened
I saw like a witness a blur blur was
slowly like that it was like slow motion
I was like no and I saved it
save the lemonade okay what are we doing
now why are we getting pizza I guess you
don't need any other reason than that to
get pizza because it's delicious so
we're done and I told sundar that he did
a really good job we'd come to get pizza
just the guys should get a slice you
know just the guys even slice my head oh
it's not chicks after this there's some
hot chicks anywhere no silly
you're too young and I'm married to the
hottest chick ever do you know that is
that disappointing to know that when you
grow up you'll never find a girl as
good-looking as your mom that's pride is
appointed for all you guys too sorry I
already got her
you watch your own videos loser
