for a second I want you to pretend like
you're a rock star and that you're on
stage what is going on that is a
wasteful use of resources
but hey no seriously uh words start over
all right I mean just had dance class
tell him what song you were doing you're
dancin go jog
your tap dances jailhouse rock dananana
dananana dananana is that Elvis
I think it's Elvis I could be wrong no I
think it's office yeah this is the
classic Elvis right this is a
monumentous moment as you may say would
you grab that for me toots
mmm okay so let me explain what's going
on here I want and have said and have
even written down as a life goal but I
want to be able to play the guitar I
wanna have that experience of making
music and singing I was just on my way
back from Los Angeles recently and I
watched on the in-flight entertainment a
little documentary with Ed Sheeran where
he played Wembley Stadium three nights
in a row Wembley Stadium holds 80,000
people so in the course of 72 hours him
and his guitar were on stage in front of
240,000 people in 3 days and I was like
how can that one dude just stand on that
stage with a guitar and just control 80
you know what I'm saying like that's a
powerful feeling not that I want to like
play Wembley Stadium raining but like I
want to feel what it feels like to like
get into a song and be jammin out and
here's the thing my whole life I've
always had access to right-handed
guitars my dad played right-handed my
brother played right-handed but any time
that I ever air guitar if you ever see
me air guitar I always do it left-handed
but I've only ever played a right-handed
guitar so I thought to myself I should
force myself to learn on a left-handed
guitar because I can play chords and a
few songs on a right-handed guitar I can
play Bob Marley's Redemption son you
know I have like a silent lucidity
Queens write song and kind of get thanks
to Derek Miller for teaching me but I've
never really learned how to play the
guitar mostly because it's like you just
got to put a lot of time into it but I
have a hypothesis assist because I am
left-handed I write left-handed but I
throw right-handed and I bat
right-handed and I play the guitar
right-handed but I want to switch to a
left-handed guitar so that's what this
is this is a left
and guitar and this is the first day
this is day one step one in selling out
Wembley Stadium three nights the road
and this is a present from my love do
you like it because I told her that I
would like who is my love yeah that's
her right there that's me Oh see look
that was weird I would like this look
it's upside down yeah because it's
that's gonna be hard already I don't
like this idea well here's the thing the
guy at the store told me that it's
actually sometimes an advantage for
left-handed players to play right-handed
because most of your strength needs to
come from your left hand anyway like
when you're pushing down on the chords
but I figured you should try it anyway
do you see like I was like all my life
I've had a right-handed guitar I should
just force myself to do it though like
this feels so foreign to me but like
with my air guitar that's learned family
think about that psychologically as a
little kid like rock come here actually
the center here and for a second I want
you to pretend like you're a rock star
and that you're on stage and that you're
playing the guitar okay and just for a
second go like demon in it or like a
rock star okay ready go
now you playing there right-hander him
yeah okay so for some reason yeah I
always did that and so whenever I joke
around playing air guitar I do a left
handed but because I've only ever had
right-handed guitars now to like hold a
guitar in my hand left hand it feels
like oh my gosh how do you do that so I
would have like relearn everything and I
feel like my brain is wired to do it
left-handed so I should give it a chance
and like just go through the patience
and pain of learning that's right
you see look you can do it day one I
don't know 10 minutes a day that's all
it takes 10 min the 10 minutes a day 10
minutes a day I guarantee it until my
birthday March 5th I'm gonna do 10
minutes a day and then I'm gonna play
you guys a song left-handed on March 5th
okay here we go to you it's not gonna be
a good song at all haha might not even
have chords in it or it might only have
one chord in it uh-huh but I will play
you a song on my birthday with this
left-handed guitar because I'm gonna be
practicing today okay let me try to play
AG chord and then we can go see I don't
even know how to play AG chord so the G
chord this way it's like that right I
don't even know what is oh I would have
to hold it in my hand I know that's
exciting I'm excited for you hey you
know it's probably to your advantage
too many thought I wanna make sure I
don't learn yeah she's gonna play a
left-handed guitar ten minutes a day
March 5th okay
you guys hear that it's like hailing it
was raining but now it's hailing outside
hail
okay hey I know you're sick of me skiing
I don't care I love it
aha but hey no seriously Oh work so
start over I'll probably edit it all
that out no well anyways hi guys ski in
Nice babe February 22nd this is
late-season man and it's good snow look
at the trees what oh your goggles are
fogged up oh I hate when your foggle get
gog DUP come here all de gog them when
you're fog holes get bogged up you got
to swipe the fog off the red the rear
jog okay come ere your goggle monster
I'm gonna follow your goggles anyways
look at this snow it's very nice sha sha
sha sha sha sha all right let's see this
babe you guys I am seriously impressed
with this the young lass she is showing
quite potential this is her fourth time
this year and this is the big hill we're
on the big hill and she is rippin
shreddin tuck and ruck and in row rollin
look at her get her turns in
out of it we're skiing together so much
fun doing my best pastime with my best
friend as I run her off the road
killing it babe oh man I missed it
come here let me help ya we're supposed
to do that on the lift it sucks when
your goggles you know it's like you get
hot in there and you can't see that's
dangerous anyways guys she really is
doing good if her fog alert GOG DUP then
uh she'd be skiing better but that last
run was it like the best run she's ever
done killin it sister look at that huge
tree CK I just went past it the trunk is
like four and a half feet around how
many years has this giant monster of a
life sat here on this hillside and
thought about the Eternity 's budget
trees trees or wise old souls that stand
here as set moves to the past awesome
ski log this is a dialogue over the ski
you log in the vlog
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah alright
bad with some zoom action in here you
guys listen this camera has a
multi-faceted talented camera
there's cool it you're right baby doll
darling she's getting it last run she
was killing it do those turns be
aggressive get it there you go
here you go I'm so proud of her
gotta get out try new things
I just said I wanna pinch your bum good
proud of you
she'll be skiing down the mountain when
she comes she'll be skiing down a
mountain when she comes she'll be skiing
down a bunch of asking down a bunch of
his skiing down the mountain when she
comes
there's these neon fence markers let you
know - yeah it's you just gotta get
brave on that first turn I know it looks
steep but you just gotta use the gravity
and wedge those edges into the mountain
and feel the burn as it rip roaring
words I'm a poet ski coach okay that's
Colette's that's cool that solution to
everything if I'm in the way I'm always
in the way
tell them that I told you hey guys we
are shopping I bought the kids oh wait
slow down
you both slow down there oh I have a
blinking battery already well quick we
are looking for no we're not no not what
we're buying that is HUGE
oh my gosh I'm a handy though sometimes
you want a really big screen okay we
made it back I'm sorry I'm sorry that
you did not get to see shopping footage
because it was a blast we had a great
time but I let the camera died because
they didn't charge it I'm sorry I'm
sorry but we also got a new camera both
Shae and I would love to have a camera
now so they will get some more footage
but I got all my baby in the car hi
shopping was fun wasn't it he's gonna be
so hyper he had a little he had some
Valentine's from his nursery so he's
having a blast without anyway so okay
I'll show you guys once we get all this
stuff in the house but we're starting to
do a meatless Monday again and I'm
thinking about possibly doing meatless
Monday and Thursday and let's start with
meatless Monday and see if I can like
get enough recipes under my belt so that
we can move to two days a week doing
meatless it's just for dinner like I
don't know wherever the kids eat for
lunch at school is fine but we're just
doing like dinner time it's meatless fun
all right time for dinner we've got our
soup ready and we have not put all the
groceries away so it's kind of crazy in
there right now I think that's why we
got with Wars that's why we got wood
floors especially when you live in a
place where there's winter time yep
that's what I've landed on whoa sweet
wait don't don't smash the bowls okay
let's eat
Daxton butler almost what are you doing
what is going on that is a wasteful use
of resources yeah why this why did you
have to destroy this hmm yeah that's
what you did you said look at this
perfectly useful roll of toilet paper
let me destroy it
what are you trying to explain to us an
interpretive dance why you destroyed
that perfectly good roll of toilet paper
oh oh I see now okay yet something on
your hand that makes sense
dark stain what's up dude what do you
want to see oh right I was going to show
you here look okay I was gonna show you
this picture of your buddy who's that
and who else anybody yeah
that's your buddy buddy guess who's
spider-man is anybody know whose tricks
inspire mmmm he does birthdays this
looks like a delicious healthy soup and
sushi dinner with them bread crusted
bread with Parmesan cheese encrusted on
top is it Parmesan what is that you guys
might be box crew dude have a parmesan
beatbox crew what other dad has a
Parmesan cheese beatbox crew whoa wait
wait wait whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
is what we're saying over here
mr. dinosaur face no rot would you learn
at school today what's healthy food
Brock apples are healthy what else
mmm-hmm
study your homework buddy all right
pineapples good delicious all right all
them fruits okay we eatin hungry
teachers there's no a Monday night means
anybody anybody very seriously we have
some new mottos new rules some new let's
all recommit ourselves to a cleanliness
is next to godliness safe atmosphere
check it out check it out check it out
one time here look okay we have decided
that everybody is stressed out because
the house is a mess clean house number
one rule if we all just worked harder to
do this just one thing this house would
be 80% cleaner and listen I don't even
have like the final research studies
back but I could guarantee you 80%
results if we just did not throw our
stuff on the floor it would be that much
cleaner but we have two more rules
number two rule is more of a principle
it's like a a motto a way to live it's
called the start-to-finish principle
when you start something finish it Oh
whoopsie Daisy what's going on over here
arts and crafts and then it just gets
left there Brock you're writing
Valentines your girlfriend what are you
doing hello everybody rule number three
do a kind deed when you see something on
the floor that's not yours put it away
anyways guys like I don't care if you
didn't put it there the house still
needs to get cleaned pick it up y'all
new rules we're gonna work to live by
them obviously there's a lot of work to
do with seven people under one roof
hey Stefan curry get over here and start
washing dishes instead of breaking
ankles all right thank you
what that's me that's cool that is a
team player right there
okay so we're all working we have music
on and me good what is it guys many
hands what just like a brainwashed child
should say many hands make light work it
makes sense think about it think about
it think about it many hands make work
does that weird thing to say about the
brainwash I'm writing on a electronic
two-wheeled device nothing's crazy in
this day and age it's just
mr. cool family be good to each other
