hi I'm vlogging here come here puppy
whew what a backseat driver this guy is
Hey
hey daddy guard watch turn left here oh
jeez
taking the long way I know these streets
I grew up in this neighborhood
these are my old stomping grounds you
wouldn't turn left there you just saved
yourself at least four minutes but now
you have to commute all around this
redwood Avenue all man you've made the
wrong mistake there daddy tard
you've really embarrassed now Oh Malachi
what he doing weirdo weirdo
this camera is on a tripod right now I
wish you guys could see what she does
for a house we are shopping for tripods
as seen here I actually have my camera
on this tripod that you can't see
because the cameras on it but yeah we
need tripods because we're gonna start
uploading a lot more videos on the
shaycarl channel I know I've said that
in the past and you guys don't believe
me but we've already filmed like seven
of them so we're just editing those we
have a series of the perfect life that
we did we've shot like five of those
it's we havin a bunch of new stuff
coming up so it's gonna be sweet huh
what else we have coming up we're gonna
have a relationship advice you might
cook dinner we're gonna have a
relationship advice show where you guys
are able to be able to ask us questions
about relationships like marriages and
boyfriends and girlfriends because we
obviously know everything duh we're
gonna start doing those so be watching
on the shaycarl channel yesterday I
noticed a lot of you guys when we
uploaded the the pudding one the best
advice in the world a lot of your like
this is this isn't a real vlog I wanna
vlog
see there's gonna be different so you
got to watch which channel you're on if
you're on the shaycarl channel or the
Shaytards channel if you didn't know
there's two channels if you don't know
there's a shaycarl channel and a
Shaytards channel so be watching we're
gonna upload at least two or three
videos a week on shaycarl channel
starting this week we already uploaded
one so be watching on the shaycarl
channel two to three a week that's why
we're buying this new tripod so we can
make it look sweet huh anyways these are
the options here go for right here ready
I'm gonna there you go are you going
down tripods making you go down going
down and ready tripods way can you go up
going up tripod bye bye see you later
you think baby tard you like it like I
can twist this pan down to you first we
can do pans like this cool hey it's
confession time
mommy tart just cheated on me and it's
not even noon so tell us what happened
mommy tart there's this little place
down here where we live that has he's
really good what is it turkey club
sandwiches and it's like it's like a
grill bar slash place so tell the story
well the bartender's the one that takes
the two corners so I go and sit down and
they're all it's like Cheers
they got it there's a waitress and the
guy drinking a beer before noon and the
bartender and they're playing this dice
game and I sit down in the guy drink
just so you know I think pregnant women
are sexy I'm not pregnant
so then so then they're just talking and
the waitress is like shut up so and so
bla bla and then I go to leave and he
goes to shake my hand and they pulls it
in and gives me a kiss on your hand and
I'm like that is yeah well you're in
trouble you're in trouble messy who out
there has a hand that I can kiss I'm
gonna kiss you guys his hand
come on let's go no we're going we're
coming at home come on what what
swimsuit edition thanks drama tard
my mom bless her heart there it is for
this my mom my mom for Christmas bought
me a subscription to Sports Illustrated
well guess what came today Merry
Christmas mom seriously thank you
best Christmas present ever he's so
excited oh so I just gonna be hanging
out with my Christmas present my mom
sent me today see the best mom ever
yeah what do you say mom okay you guys
listen this is the sports magazine trust
me there's a lot of there is 11 months
out of the year this is a sports
magazine but once every 12 months we
have what something that's called the
swimsuit edition and that's what this is
it's girls wearing okay so what we're
gonna do with this is we're gonna we're
gonna blight it on fire what do you
think you let it on fire you I let it on
fire
girls need to wear clothes and respect
their bodies the holiday season I love
it okay so um
sar in their room mommy tarts taking a
nap and I'm sitting here working on my
video trying to get it uploaded and
they've been in there for about an hour
and a half and I realized that they're
just you know six and four and two but
we've been working on cleaning their
room for over a year now and it's
literally come to the point where it
takes either one of us being in there to
tell them what to do or me going in
there and freaking out and yelling and
screaming saying I got out and or else
it never gets done like if I just say go
clean your room go clean your room they
just sit in there and they start playing
and so I'm gonna go ask them what what
they think I should do cuz maybe they
have a better you know maybe if they
said dad if you did this then we would
clean our room so let's go ask them and
they could already hear me talking so
they're yeah yeah you're already working
aren't you what the F word is that baby
tar did you throw chips all over the
ground okay let me ask you guys a
question real quick okay
princess hard come over here I want to
ask all three of you guys a question
this is very serious
come here come stand over here listen to
me okay no you guys know that I'm always
asking you to clean your room right but
you never do it till I come in here and
yell and hoot and holler at you well I'm
gonna ask you guys what should I do to
get you guys to clean your room what do
you think
punch punch you in the face okay so you
think I should punch you in the face do
you agree with that I think I should
punch it in the face to clean your room
baby turn should I punch you in the face
to clean your room you agree with that
okay who's first okay your first ready
come here
baby turns first baby try come here you
ready
hold your face up ready one two three
Sun card you're next come here hold your
face up hold your face up one two three
you ready one two three
all right is that gonna do it
you gonna clean your room now nice baby
jar do you need another punch in the
face
alright next time I come in here I'm
gonna kick you in the face if you don't
clean your room you got it
you guys gonna clean it now hey gonna
clean it out
you clean it now okay
maybe tard what are you doing you're
writing a note
okay just clean all that up and put it
that baggies he's not bagging this on
the ground right there get all those
chips and put them in there right there
by the TV see it pick those up and put
them in in the baggie okay goodbye yes
that's the answer
punching them in the face I didn't know
I was married to the fourth stooge oh I
love you
you got some great faces mommy teared Oh
somebody in the comments said lol pause
at 107 that's so hot when you're working
out your face pause the video Oh My heck
they just oh he just delivered a nice
these are shirts you guys I know there's
that many boxes yeah if you haven't
gotten your Burchard shirt yet it's
coming we had to order some more how
many boxes are there three yeah Oh My
heck I thought we had more than that
sent out I mean we got a lot
busting I'm busting it baby were coming
on the buster dad order more I thought
there was like one more box coming the
tags we're good to go
goodbye bye such a sexy beard tart
t-shirt dance baby like that dance
baby's getting the contraction
contraction ace get that in here son
tard
what dude it guys what do you think June
since this one wait that one right on
time so at that trend this one will be
two weeks early let's pop that thing out
come on buff boy get down here get in
here mush nice not a kid strong strong
tard
let's go strong tard lift with your back
not your legs wait wait reverse that so
we're looking for some envelopes to send
the last of the shirts in and it's
always like a chore trying to keep the
kids with you it's like come on come on
let's go cuz they're always late Sam
behind what yeah so what I'm gonna try
to do right now no you hold this yes
hold this you guys see any down here
let's go down here and see if we see any
go down here he's good down there and
see if you see any
hey lose you baby's heart what are we
doing for makin where we make it oh
there's the chicken yeah we're making
she has been so helpful making dinner
tonight she saw me starting to roll
these enchiladas and she just was like
this is so fun so she has to help so
there's the chicken what goes next what
goes next
oh good job organizing the chicken Oh
where'd the spoon it fell down into the
mush then the filling good and I had to
put I had to put the cheese over here
that somebody likes cheese and she was
making a mess oh wow that's a lot
okay that's enough good job okay what's
next
oh oh okay woohoo now it's gonna be
really mushy what's next
can you put some cheese on there it's
the best part
oh wow good job
hold on that's Bridget cheese no that's
okay where you can just roll it there's
certain well there's baby Tarts
enchilada there you go there you go
there you go see where does it go I
think I'll rewrap that one for you if
you don't mind
good job
we clap for me she's nope I'm ready to
do the next one
mm-hmm okay I'm gonna go up oh we're
having chicken enchiladas for dinner if
you didn't notice I'll let you know how
they taste delicious
