good morning guys okay so this part of
the vlog is called the earlier than Shay
will ever be up vlog 5:59 am and I know
some of you gonna say I've seen about
that early but no he stayed up this late
but he's never been up this early
I don't think and if he was it was
probably a very interesting day okay so
I'm at the gym
excited we're gonna work out our little
muscles well we're going to try anyways
I decided just because I'm pregnant
doesn't mean I need to fill fat and lazy
which I have been feeling for the past
hmm five months so
they're ready to spring again
my face
part of the big one
okay so I'm finished it was a really
good class I haven't done spin in a long
time
but I tell you that was the most
eclectic mix of music I've ever heard I
have never ever ever ever heard or
played bluegrass in a spin class before
and it was actually kind of fun we I
heard bluegrass
I heard Celtic music I heard um 60s
music um some techno Devil Went Down to
Georgia I mean crazy stuff it was a
polka did I get that one on there to me
spin class is all about the music so I
really get into the music so I was
listening every time and like whoa I've
never heard this in a spin class before
but it worked it was fun so there you go
and I got a good workout baby's fine no
worries and now I'm headed home bye
you think that are you raking those five
stars
you're fine Emma say the proof is in the
body then I'm like look in her eyes I
look go right in on her you might need
to get down look at mommy and I'll be
like no yeah there's both of us yeah
you're eating the proof okay so it's
it's you look I mean like this the proof
is in the pudding yes then I'll double
take
okay you want me to get your double take
I'm as Vegas
I'm as soon as I turn then go to her
okay you should probably get down a
little bit lower seats here
get mom mom okay ready okay ready okay
ready it's some pudding not another
pudding okay
okay roll it let's do it you ready dawn
what are you doing what's going on oh
well can I come out here girl girl wanna
play I want to hang out where we doing
in the alley
we're just--we're to smoke drugs in the
alleys that we're doing huh you pick up
some hot chicks the other oh look snip
one oh well those nipple nut I'll be
right back hey guys what are you guys
doing this is the behind the scenes of
our big production shoot purchased art
stay what's up princess card has Rod
Stewart voice she has a Marge Simpson
sister voice okay you guys come here
here we go oh no baby cards not here
because well one malachi knocked her
over and she just wasn't runo okay you
said right here right here come here
wait send next to son charges like that
okay ready here we go let's film this
hey you want my name Scott justice
believe it can make sure you can't see
them okay now you guys listen you guys
just stand there
he's your I'm okay you guys just smile
really big and you guys just be eating
the pudding it's mild really big okay
but don't but don't eat it all all right
Oh
so a shaycarl says what does shaycarl
say if this is shaycarl what does he say
hi I'm Carl let's hear it Carl's mean
what he so mean all right I forgot
duh she calls a tough guy high five what
else does shake girl say it's like I do
Malakai voice you guys are doing the
straight Carl voice hi Oh tree Carl I
know what my kids to clean their room go
clear your rooms is it clean
that's right it is huh three one five
what's baby tar doing it sounds like the
the water is running and there is
wasting happening they retard turn off
the faucet while you're brushing your
teeth tootsie roll
what are you doing there baby tard you
need to stop wasting water you need to
stop taking a medicine even to stop
getting your clothes wet but you're
adorable
what so we're gonna forgive you that's
not very nice oh good lungs you're just
kidding how about you drop into me five
push-ups okay let's see it go whoo no
dose a Catorce say that's one three four
cuatro Sinko nice
all right maybe turns brush your teeth
we're getting ready for bed and what are
we gonna make before we go to bed we
make some Valentine's Day cards
we save an alliance here in the shaycarl
household we don't save what she's in
the shower
yelling venta lines how did that start
honey
somehow we started saying damn the lines
day let's go in you guys want to go
ahead and see you on guitar yeah do the
shower mom it's hard this here
hey my turn okay guys we got a van lines
day you think this foots messing around
huh do ya cuz let me tell you it ain't
