hi I'm log in here what are you guys
doing
 you baby turn their hands you ready
ready there you go wait one let's work
the classes so okay you cook them scrub
them from Malachi hi your hands right
here put on that mark on him scrub scrub
scrub oh boy normally I don't really
like it in the bath because it's cold
and I don't like the water but you guys
know what today is
it's Super Bowl Sunday that's right and
I want to be looking my best cuz I think
there's a lot of people coming over for
a Super Bowl party come on son target
the back there right under the flanks
that's right where I pee sometimes I act
right sometimes it's praise mom retard
you don't know you don't have a wheelie
like I do but listen I'm really rooting
for the stage today guys what do you
think well I'm so pumped up let's get
him - go go go go
I just know now that guys really hyper
today he is so excited big game we gotta
get him all washed up he's our mascot
today huh jobs
ready ready we're like we're like the
Los Angeles Malakai tardes that's our
football team huh Oh guys let's get a
put your hand in
let's get it what do they call it a
route let's get a route maybe I put your
hand in here sure got a route let's get
a route together we're gonna rear-engine
we're ending baby tarde ok we're to say
we'll say win win win kick but Malachi
tards ready win win win kick but Malachi
tardes whoo hey that was very nice sure
guys good job all right let's go keep it
scrub and keep it scrubbing hey Dad can
I spray yeah well we're scrubbing
flipping I'm sneaking he's doing the
shake I think he's nervous he's like
what a nerd he spills the love he feels
the love of all the hands scrubbing upon
him so spoiled they're so spoiled well
very love I love you guys your
fingernails all that dirt you do a good
job baby card his right side is going to
be really clean yeah get everywhere I
guess I'm not getting any help with my
vegetable tray then huh well guess I'll
have to cut the carrots on the sails oh
yeah
excited get pumped ready we're getting
ready waiting for the game start eating
some stuff what do you turn it away for
Nikki made the best spinach deal ever
it's going to be to be hit the hit of
the party let me show it to you that's
it
Sweeting about the spinach dip you
loving it loving the spinach dip the
best thing ever so good Kassem glasses
Jersey on let's see the macula is that
interested piece they died three weeks
ago where's your Jersey the saints who
dat who dat okay you ready get it there
you go okay now put it on there
come on come on come on oh that other
ones still lit see this is a true test
of manhood it's Super Bowl Sunday and
you're lighting the grill what a
responsibility that you have what an
honor
oh say does that star-spangled
oh it's totally live that's live nice
I'm glad we invited The Dog Whisperer
here The Dog Whisperer at the Super Bowl
he's got a malachite pillow and a max
blanket it's nice and cozy
oh there there okay okay so it's
halftime it's halftime of the game and I
really wanted a football to play catch
so Derek this homie here I said dude
let's go to the football and let's play
catch at halftime so we're here at the
Sports Chalet okey hello officer you
doing a great job fire firefighter and
we're going to football want to play
pass for half n yeah no you know I'm
saying anyways you're like what's going
on here anyways we're gonna buy a
football so we can play catch in the
yard here's where Dirk derrieres right
here there's a ton of them these are so
many gotta play young we catch during
halftime for them the Super Bowl come on
gay break ok we're going with the Nike
the Nike spiral tech I don't know what
that means
apparently it has more spiral this is
true this but the spot really has more
spiral it says it said tighter spirals
right here arrow Diana I guess it's
aerodynamically proven to have tighter
spirals I hope it does I so hope it does
I love throwing tight spirals I got a
football here ready
oh that wasn't that tight of a spider
hey let's air throw it to me and I'm
going to give you one right on the
sidelines pretend like the street it's
like the sideline it's like tippy-toe
into the street and I hit my head car he
ready oh you see that that was a great
catch huh up top up top sir go Super
Bowl on Saints bring it downtown here we
go oh yeah hello here we go right
through that spike it now it's now it's
definitely Super Bowl Sunday here we go
I'm gonna dance with this guy thumbs up
got a ball here we go we are Super Bowl
Sunday halftime show right here don't
even throw the ball to me I'll run hey
Shay
I didn't make that noise when you go to
catch it there's a car behind you
there's a car
yeah ready commercials I like Doritos I
like what like pencil commercials good
son of parade you ready
yeah here's the drums like a drums of a
parade oh it's been my marriage five
alligator five missiles you know just
four four downs that's it down blue 98
red 62 a blow dailybooth Twitter social
media networking on 17 they're doing two
and two right now oh great here comes
Lisa sofa Lisa Nova and her moccasin
swear you get my football in moccasins
listen you see her mommy
mister should be on this side I'm gonna
throw it to you and the Derrick's gonna
run right in front for lateral defense
machine cuts fourth down all right
some tard injury freezing out here
past me ended up camp
I think you run up and pinch it back to
me you got it it's called a flea-flicker
okay
I know it's Derek carry on three men
read the defense on that routine he read
it he knew the play are you doing we're
gonna get stuff in your feet hey
princess guard come here
you might want to watch out these guys
are serious
coverage Lisa
you
where are you going
I hear san diego's looking for a new
kicker here we go next point wins
Sun tar learns the do's and don'ts
alligator che Carlos Park it's not where
I get deflected standing in the wrong
place
oh I'm so excited
Oh
