hi I'm login here Brett this guy is a
carrier what are you doing what are you
doing you're playing with mom's lip
stuff are you supposed to be doing that
let me see your legs
what is this what's that mm-hmm what's
this okay huh
what are you doing here are you a tattoo
artist
they gave me a tattoo artist answer me
are you going to be a tattoo artist huh
say tattoo artist say I'm gonna be a
tattoo artist I'm gonna be an artist I'm
gonna be an artist of skin once you put
your seatbelt on put it on it's right
there put it on put your seatbelt on
big let's rip your leg okay plug it in
hurry
you got to put the seatbelt right here
get the seatbelt put it in there
hurry hurry we're about to get in a
wreck huh get in hurry up I'm about to
crash oh there we go okay there you go
you're safe now do you feel so safe
listen if you're gonna be a famous
tattoo artist you got to be safe you
don't we don't want to lose you in a car
wreck think of all the amazing artwork
you'll do hello world uh so we're here
at the church
mommy tart is taken as a Sun tart and
princess tarde in the church they're
having a primary thing that's like a
pizza party slash something I don't care
because at least we have to drop some
kids off and go out to dinner without
them yeah but this one's not in primary
yet so she's gonna be a third wheel Oh
you opened the door hey where's your
date you're totally being like a third
wheel tonight do you have somebody who
want to take out to dinner with us
you're just gonna hang out this by
yourself so embarrassing
I don't even have a date seriously
where's your boyfriend oh do you have a
boyfriend forget me oh there's my date
there's my date with in my chair I'm
this is my new date for tonight
now you're now you're the third wheel
mommy turkey now you have competition
you have competition what did they say
did they say pact in there's there's a
men are doing basketball oh yeah am I
supposed to be doing that I think if you
wanted okay
okay gotta go to it no let's go jump in
there
okay guys in there I'm skins skins and
there are a lot of kids in there they
were all excited about pizza I bet they
were so when do we have to come back how
long are we free about two hours
well an hour in 50 minutes now hour and
51 minutes so what should we go do eat
put that oh pretty where we gonna go eat
all right let's go get in your seat
Butthead targeting your seat then on
your leg charge she's gonna be a tattoo
artist did you see the one in her head
oh it's Concha one yeah what it's like
you can tell she did it it's like all
jaggedy but it looks like a heart I'm my
forehead do you think she could be a
tattoo artist
no well not well does anybody want that
on there you never know
solder if if that's a baby turn would
you guys if baby tard would had a tattoo
gun would you let her give you a tattoo
how many of you would let baby tart give
you a tattoo right now right now I bet
you there are people who would let it
let her do it there would be I know
there's some of you out there who would
I bet baby tard we're going to take the
comments and you're gonna give some
tattoos okay maybe it VidCon maybe we'll
set up maybe one set of foot tattoo
booth at VidCon for baby shower to give
tattoos since you're something for that
look how cute she is she's need a
license
what's VidCon Shea check out the link in
the sidebar
there it is the ocean once again it's so
cool so daunting so mysterious so power
we're here at this Caribbean food place
mama tarts getting our third wheel you
ready ready Ethan let's go eat
can you dad's baby guard we're here at
chop chop chicken Caribbean cuisine cute
kuzhi kuzhi cute using how do you say
that Dean cuisine right right
quiz it up cute Susie Newsom cue singing
this is cool
slice trees that delicious what is that
that's a mangoes guavas cinnamon go
guava delicious juice hey mommy target
what's going on over here what's
happening over here
that's nude nude people right there the
smell of inside of there totally reminds
me I don't know I never told you guys
this but I used to live in the West
Indian if I told you guys this I lived
in the West Indies for two years I was a
missionary for my church and I lived in
Barbados as I've been Trinidad and I
lived in Guyana and that's right so they
have in there rice and black beans black
peas it like so reminds me of living in
Barbados I live in Barbados for eight
months loved it and Trinidad Guyana Oh
Guyana I miss Guyana so bad I missed the
food mostly so come in here it's like
all the smells are exciting mm-hmm
roti curry and roti elevated trying to
find some units done that doesn't heat
up the baby in the belly too much flavor
what flavor flavor for the baby in the
belly we're trying to get names
I like Magnus I like Magnus I like rock
I really like the rule Monsta need the
babe you rock like out of all the names
that I've heard that she suggested to me
I'm like that is and every time she says
rock I'm like I like that rock Carl
it's steady it's firm how Therma
foundation is rah ha ha ha Carll I'm
gonna look it up tonight see what the
meaning of it well actually I found it
in a name website yesterday and the
filling was our Ock just like Rob yeah
and the definition was Brock
it's a right stupid one you need a
definition it's wrong I'm so really
special like yeah like rock was there
something something it was like rock
we'd smell our okay just our okay so
it's not but then I think you like Iraq
Rock I don't know what do you think oh
mama you hold me there to Santa Monica
peir Sun has set beautiful ocean we're
gonna come over here and do on these
swings we want some swings and swing and
talk about swinging and all the
attributes of seen swinging seen well
yeah get to pee yeah
sorry not gonna swing okay you want to
pee in the sand no okay let's go pee and
swing in the sand I can't really see you
swinging baby tard oh that's true huh
you're a light specialist how you guys
having fun
it's freezing down here on the ocean and
the breeze is blowing it's so pretty
though yeah it's gorgeous I love you can
see like the Sun little tree sparkles
sparkles of the Sun pretty
that's so awesome
okay baby chard you ready now this is
called the crane technique you need to
pick up one foot and put both your arms
up mom can you demonstrate like like
Daniel son would do see mommy mr. Miyagi
taught that to mommy
let's see you guys put your arms out put
your arms up arms out to the side one
leg up
pick one leg up do it you're you're
never gonna win the karate championship
tournaments easily a super difference
there's no mercy in this dojo is that yo
suit so there's no weakness in this dojo
is that
Oh
we operated come on Peter every trouble
with
