oh hey guys some time here how's it
going so you guys might be wondering
where's Shay Carl he's sick today he's
been singing on the couch like a fat war
horse all day so I'm here to make this
video what's up my homies hi guys doing
out there the webbernet I hope for
you're having a great weekend I hope you
are having a sweet man's party I love to
dance
I'm the best dancer in the world do you
want me to do right now fun check out
this place move you know touch this you
only wish you can't dance like me Jewish
you have half the style I got do you
count by these roads and stores Oh
breeze takes it off don't be mad at my
dad for not making my face big feel
don't worry you make another van
tomorrow the next thing and the next
thing and the next thing and the next
thing the next thing all day after that
it's just like he makes he has every day
I got a second from you sometimes daddy
cabina mattresses anyways you guys
tomorrow
but don't identikit me dance lesson so I
can brother stage across the world your
mama baby time through the bond and they
a buck
job
