hi I'm login here hey guys look I got my
driving suit on yeah like Mario Andretti
but I know on the waves I don't know why
I'm going to the beach right now check
out the weather it is rainy rain rain
arson all over the place I figure if I'm
gonna be in the ocean that's just gonna
be wet anyways and I got a wetsuit so
might as well just go but even more than
that I don't know why I'm going it's
because of the dream I just woke up from
was one of those dreams as very specific
and very vivid where I was at the ocean
and this giant tidal wave ever since I
saw what's that show with the dude we're
like the whole coast of California was
totally destroyed
12-12-12 or whatever or is that
compiling Mayan calendar predicted the
world was gonna end remember the name of
it anyways so like ever since I saw that
we're that giant tidal wave in that
movie the China tidal wave comes on the
Santa Monica Pier
I just hits the ferris wheel like I've
had this like reoccurring like dream and
fear of living this close to the ocean
of this giant tidal wave coming and just
killing everybody you know so last night
that was my dream that I was I was at
the beach and this giant tidal wave came
in but before the tidal wave came in all
these other big waves came in and
somehow I I stole this boogie board from
a kid cuz I didn't have mine for some
reason I wrote it like up the hill and
in my dream and it's not really set up
like this in real life but in my dream I
was like there's this giant hail so I'm
like running up this hill and I trying
to ride these waves these like freeways
before this giant massive wave just
gonna curl up flash on the coast I'm
writing to up this hill just trying to
get as high as possible so I don't drown
or whatever so then we get to this
higher ground and then all these people
like on the lower coast like you know
are all drowned and dead this is all on
my dream so then it's like everybody's
watching the news everybody who got to
higher ground is all like watching the
news and
like holy crap what are we gonna do our
house like ever is like some people are
like where's your family and a Michael
she's no where are they where are they
and like I don't know why it my brain
just did this or whatever but like my
family was at this park all of a sudden
I like I'm so glad you guys were at the
park and you were at the house you could
die and I was like hugging my wife and I
talking my kids and it was like it got
to the point the dream was like the wave
was coming and I was in the van like
huddled around like holding my three
kids like kissing them like saying to by
basically saying I love you I love you
and there are like daddy daddy and we
see the wave coming I'm just like
holding them there's nothing we could do
and it's like the freakiest dream now
I'm going to go boogie boarding so I'm
not gonna lie I'm a little scared I'm a
little like that dream really kind of
tripped me out and made me love my felt
like yeah I got up this morning like I
love you guys I love you I was kissing
them all so we're going to the ocean
okay do you have fun all right we were
weird and rode the waves in the rain
it's nice it's like what's your all wet
it doesn't really matter the Austrian
but there was nobody else out there that
kind of made us paranoid we were walking
out there and we're like there's nobody
else out here
were you scared Derek were you terrified
so manly why are you so never afraid
yeah there are like 17 feet this time
like last time when there are 38 feet
but remember that 49 foot wave we caught
that was pretty sweet one so that was
fun
nice little hour of refreshing
boogie-boarding
I was asking Derek about this I don't
know if you guys have ever experienced
this I was we were out in the water and
we kind of got not farther we're like I
couldn't touch the ground
oh snap a lily ding-dong this is a
predicament
we got this truck and this car trying to
let me go through let me go through I'm
vlogging here watch out watch out lady
you're doing what you're doing am i
right out of my luck anyways um what was
I saying
oh so we're out in the water where we
couldn't touch and the other day we were
out there we saw dolphins like these
dorsal fins coming out of the water and
it freaks me out it's like I just feel
like the ocean is so mysterious because
that you can't see what's under the
water and it's like so powerful and it's
so big
and when I can't touch the ground I
can't touch the sand it makes me feel
all giddy like something's gonna bite my
feet like if you ever been waterskiing
or tubing in a lake and like you fall on
the water skiing and like you're waiting
for the boat to loop around and you're
sitting there and you're like right now
and you get like all giddy inside and
it's like comparable to have you ever
had a basement to me it was comparable
to this and tell me if I'm the only one
that felt feels like this but it's like
you're in a in a basement and when
you're going upstairs if you turn the
lights to run upstairs and all the
lights in the basement turn off and you
go to run upstairs and you just like
somebody's chasing you all of a sudden
like you kind of start running faster I
mean you feel like it's somebody chasing
me Jesus no that's like this ain't just
like anyways I was just asking Derek
about that but he'd never had a basement
so I don't know if you guys ever
experienced that something like that
anyways it was a lot of fun and now it's
coming down even harder than ever but
we're gonna go out to lunch with the
girls I got a date I got a date with my
three girls cuz son cards at school so
we're about to lunch together it's gonna
be what are you drinking there I had a
bottle of pee
what is it juice orange juice apple
juice that's Martinelli's apple juice
that's like some delicious stuff some
real good stuff what are you drinkin
Bobby tart water on the rocks
straight-up lemon wedge baby tarts
sportin the the ball of apple juice as
well
okay for blocking into the rain oh it's
cute we're vlogging under an umbrella I
don't think I've ever walked under
umbrella this could be the first a first
time in a year vlogging under an
umbrella
this is mafia baby tarde under their
umbrella it's windy and rainy again see
your hairs on the way fruits start
breathe just hard call you Butthead
tired how about that well we buy head
guard wear zebra umbrella tarde
and that's lime green cards over there
honey
you are so sweet thank you so much
mommy tart got me a new accessory for my
car well it's not my car I mean it's
like our car but I'm so excited to use
it you guys want to see it okay I'll
show you ready here it is it's a - baby
I've seen these online I've wanted one
so bad
finally my very own - baby it's so much
better than a GPS because you know it's
like just like points directions you
have to give it apple juice and stuff
like that but what's up don't be
ridiculous
there's no such thing as a Tod - toddler
it's a - baby and we have one already
right here yeah calm down it's your very
own - baby baby - baby yeah just fart -
baby did you just fart on my - - baby
did you did you I think the - maybe just
flagellated I did not order that yes no
I told you there's no such thing as a -
toddler now there is on top of the van
toddler would you like to try one of
those
- baby Oh try to drive oh you got this
new sham Wow my god so good for cleaning
all the accessories in your carpet
excuse me you gotta clean out in between
the the vents you know in your vents
like the little dust and between your
vents you can't reach well now with this
new sham well you can get in between
there and dust them off with the new -
toddler - toddler - toddler yeah now
comes with sham well clean up your - oh
okay we're sitting here
we're not like in traffic or anything I
know I know there's me comes a poacher
kids on the - why do you do that by the
way when you did that that's where I
were waiting for Sun tar to go to school
but should we see please hold
- mommy - mommy yeah - mom - bitch -
mommy
oh no more - mommy no it's time for a -
daddy I definitely won't fit
one you're my motor push me go all the
way down push okay go go go go go faster
faster
mush boy mush okay now let's go back
this way ready okay go go go
we're doing Charice's chair races
chariot races we're looking for a tripod
I don't think they have one here
so I got yelled at for trying to ride
the skateboard in Costco that guy was
like you're not supposed to ride that in
here and your son's not supposed to be
filming you either like who are you you
don't even have a Costco outfit on at
all but I think he was like a secret
shopper like somebody who's watching to
see if anybody's yeah let's get those
those are fun I think it was a guy who's
like watching the people are trying to
shop with you standing there like really
weird and he had these headphones in but
I was like he is talking to somebody on
him maybe he's an FBI agent I don't know
but he told me I couldn't escape board
and then I asked him where they were
their tripod to her and he had no idea
someone do you really work here he's
like I'm not sure they're at so I was
like it's just a guy telling me not to
ride the skateboard but anyways I don't
know what do you think
why Canada's let us run about and cousin
ruckus we're gonna buy a longboard you
wanna test it out you trust it right
there's plenty of room for me to test
out the longboard
so I'm tired help her get some milk out
mommy's coming out of the closet freezer
closet what okay we're playing a game
we're looking at people or just by their
looks we're trying to guess their names
names Gary is the game you think you
look at everybody anything what's their
name
immediately just what they look like
let's see we need to find another
person's know this person annoying hot
chick you look like you look like a
Mildred okay - Mildred or a st.
Catherine Troy the third yeah
look that pretty go love how regal you
are put that this person right here oh
wait is it a girl
okay her name's her name's Erin huh
Tiffany that's a better one
tiffany tiffany look at us we're trying
to see your face you see a lady I'm
seeing here comes one over windows down
okay who's this lady right here
to me that's a Rebecca Rebecca
Jorge what's his name cholo that's jela
hey cholo
I think it's Jorge and that's Rebecca
you're Rebecca either that's Heather
right there tingle what is with you in
the weirdest names I've ever heard
twig it trick it trick it and flick it
what was the other one
Rallo whoa Batmobile whoo
order your - baby today and get to dis
assistance free hot mommy tarde not
included
