hey hey baby turd get down okay so what
is this outfit we got going on shoes and
socks on our hands why are you wearing
it I I want to win there saw I was gonna
call it socks gloves because I wanted to
wear them at church like enough that
girl she white gloves oh you want pretty
white girl but not since you don't have
pretty white clothes you're wearing your
socks no babe a retard what are we doing
today cleaning up and what else are we
doing today can you tell the camera can
you say I'm potty training he's she's
body training yes on on on on the monkey
deuce you have to say potty power potty
power you say potty training
no what is not mommy power that mirror
that you don't look at me there was
babies in these they were saying potty
power and it was for babies say you
hasn't say potty potty our babies so
what does that mean
baby chart don't go potty in our
big-girl pants huh so today we're potty
training it is my very least favorite
part of parenting because it's gross and
it means tons of messes
but it has to be done so that's what
we're doing today baby's hard what's
that a new one wasn't it what the hell
am i take car seat there new car seat
huh well we're gonna see if it's renewed
car seat yeah yeah well we have to wait
because you have to wait thirty pounds
and be a certain height so which I don't
know what a nation so we got the girls
two new pretty pink car seats we have to
wait baby tried and measure her to see
if she is big enough to be in hers yet
okay hold on she was ready to go oh my
gosh three pounds to light
she can't on it should we fudge 27.2 go
eat some cheeseburgers yeah 27.2 bleh
princess are you doing that I you sit on
the car seat but it'll work for now
because I won't let you open it yeah
uh-huh
yeah I made that well I made them I'm
such a slave driver we worked as a
family to clean the house kids clean
their room with a little bit of help but
mostly they did it usually have to coach
them and tell them where to put stuff or
we end up with dirty socks in the toy
box
anyhow so that's what we're doing
cleaning the house told him they could
watch whatever they wanted for an hour
and so they're watching Nickelodeon
something
and it's just beautiful boy sup guys uh
I hate days like this 7:30 and I haven't
filmed anything all day I just one of
those moods you guys know you guys ever
gets those moods I'm not really
depressed or sad today I just feel
uninspired like all I want to do is lay
on the couch and just watch TV I don't
want to think about anything I want to
go to a movie so bad I want to apologize
actually one thing that I said the other
day that I think needs an issue to be
raised I was talking about if you guys
remember you watched my videos that
you'll remember I talked about how it's
hard for guys to have to think about
money to provide for their family and
their kids and blah blah blah well I
didn't mean by that that women haven't
so easy they don't ever have to think
about anything like that I didn't mean
that at all
I just meant I guess in the traditional
sense because we're very traditional you
know you know I work and I take care of
the bills and Katie let takes care of
the kids and the family and it's it's a
it's a mutual thing you know it's like
she does things and I do things but it's
very traditional with us and that's what
we like it like hey let's and you can
ask her I'll go get her I'm here at home
now but she's always wanted to do that
she's always wanted to be a mom and be a
stay-at-home mom anyways so today Katie
let went to pick up princess start from
school and she overheard one of the moms
talking to the principal and the
principal's like you need to have an
emergency contact in case your
daughter's sick she needs to go
somewhere we need to have somebody on
file and lady's like well I don't have
anybody I don't we just moved here and
it's just me and my daughter and I have
to work so there's there's nobody that
she could go to the principal's like
well she's sick today and if she was
really sick and we had to send her home
where would she go and the moms like
well she just have to stay home by
herself because there's nobody I could
have watch them handle that said it kind
of got heated like they're fighting back
and forth and the poor mom single mom is
working her butt off you know to try to
you know pay for things and
katie'll that said she just felt really
bad and they're very grateful at the
same time that she was able to stay home
with the kids and that were able to earn
enough money where she doesn't have to
work and so forth like that so uh don't
you guys think that I don't know that
you guys I mean that's so hard I can
only imagine if I didn't have if I
didn't have Katie let I would die I
wouldn't I would drink myself to death
into the ground probably I wouldn't I
couldn't do it i I really don't think I
could do it I could not handle these
three kids by myself like I guess I
would if I had to if it came to that but
I mean that's just like you have to do
that by yourself so I know listen if
you're if you're a single mom that's my
wife right now if you're single mom
don't I didn't mean anything by that
like obviously you guys have a harder
than anybody so and I feel for you and
I'm gonna send each of you a check for
$100,000 okay so just send me your
address and I'll ship that out to you
know anyway so I hope you guys know that
I love you too finally home baby tart
Molokai come kiss me and hug me what
what okay I'm gonna go beat my kids up
now see you guys later
the kids have created a diving board in
their room is that your warmup okay
let's see it
all right we're watching whoa all right
I'm watching you next point nice here
goes baby tarde off the board degree of
difficulty at seven point nine
can I try it yeah okay here you feel me
okay
daddy's turn okay ready
one two
I love you let's get it straight all
right
oh don't film this we don't want this
see this said okay strong ready
I'm dreaming about everything that no
one thought to wonder dreams so big
they've got dreams and they got dreams
up under what is your mother doing we
need a more Stella wait Sookie there's
old sardine on the couch where's baby
please dream for those who've given up
for those who've never tried please use
your dreams to make new dreams for all
the dreams that died shaycarl here so we
got to get this going
I cannot procrastinate the day of my
exercise any longer I have made tonight
a commitment to come to the beach
every day for the month of February that
is right
every day for the month of February I'm
committing to come to the beach what
does that mean what does that mean I'm
gonna come to the beach is I mean I'm
gonna exercise yeah we're gonna play
soccer with my football with a frisbee
we're to do stuff on the beach I'm gonna
joy it I'd have to sell you on the ocean
like you know i'ma say like I don't have
to sell you on the ocean you understand
how amazing it is we all know that I
mean the price of the most expensive
real estate in the world is always next
to the ocean so why not if I live here I
just I felt ungrateful living here so
close to this magnificent wonder of the
world and if I don't come to it it's
like just taking it for granted in a
sense so one I do want to experience
life in the sense that if you live next
to something like this you should take
advantage of it you know I'm saying but
you I think they'll be great exercising
a lot of fun so it's beginning its
official so today is day one I am here
on the beach it is February 1st at 11
o'clock at night
so I still got on the beach for the
first day it was kind of a last-minute
decision that I made but I am here
officially on the beach as soon as I'm
done making this video I'm gonna run up
that way and down that way just a short
little jog but something to kick it off
my first day on the beach February 1st
at 11 o'clock at night let it begin it's
only a matter of time now before I look
like this baby
