hi I'm logging here how is this good
advertising at all ugly
sushi combo with a guy in a gorilla suit
what is I guess to get you talking
obviously I'm talking about it what are
you doing where's your seat belt amazing
you're changing a diaper ugly sushi with
a guy in a gorilla suit that makes me
crave some sushi that makes me crave raw
fish like nothing else how about you
mami tard you want some raw fish right
now mmm look at that gorilla mm want
some salmon all of a sudden I don't know
why explain what happened well we're
driving behind this biker couple and the
girl on the back you know holding on to
her man man
I'm going for it I'm going for oh I made
it anyway sir by the way there's nobody
she's just like eglee she's talking to
people but there was nobody there
it was you had to have been there moment
but you must return hey daddy guess what
son toward outside right now picking up
my poop I dare you to look out the
window oh there is cell phone away my
giant mounds of feces Oh
teach that little brat to spit in my
food haha anyways I heard you're gonna
give him an iPod for shoveling my poop
wall thing that's pretty great I wish I
could get an iPod then again I wish I
could just be an artist myself you know
kind of like Beyonce Justin Timberlake
or Justin Bieber any of those guys are
great I just love music in general Oh
anyways okay keep the camera out of my
face I'm done talking to you how's that
poop coming their son tard good so I
like to see it get it clean get it clean
good yeah good okay
don't walk through the house you go
around the house go dump that in the in
the big dough just your face you might
have feces on your fingers and then you
get pinkeye so take that around to the
side of the house dump that out into the
big bin and then your nose itch here
I'll let you free let's still do it
that's steep okay go throw it away and
then wash your hands all right guess
what son tard we're getting five more
Great Danes I forgot to tell you so your
chores about to get a lot bit more
difficult it's that cool mom we have
five more Great Danes
Malachi wants a girlfriend and some
homies to hang out what's five
girlfriends
he's a polygamist
are you guys looking for you looking for
Sun tarde
see ya I'm going this way bye guys hear
the song
what is this is like slow motion dun dun
dun
here help me here's this side you can
use hear this song listen listen okay
here found me this is what should be
going on when the song's playing what's
that from that's not a movie it's like I
can't remember but you guys let me know
in the comments below
alright let's get one of each of these
what where's your mom oh but so cute so
cute you say mommy say mommy well you
know what is one thing that I definitely
noticed that after a year of almost the
entire year I'm not embarrassed anymore
it's a vlog on melon do you feel that
way anymore honey to vlog with the
camera on puzzle Oh totally natural oils
bonds that's burns but I do like it
doesn't like whoa it's when first
started it was so you feel very
self-conscious but now I don't feel
self-conscious at all I feel totally
comfortable I'm professional Walker try
it you should try it go walk around in a
public place like a grocery store looks
like this hold the camera at arm's
length
the discussion let's see you block so
I'm just walking here in the supermarket
and I all by myself everybody around me
leave me alone I don't know who you are
look at my shiny forehead oh so shiny oh
hi baby
hey Dad we get this baby off I'm gonna
get in or just stand there and look like
a tub of lard Jesus sit down dad it's
hard what are you doing hurry up I want
to go home and eat some food
mommy tards changing the light bulb how
many mommies does it take to change
light bulb
how many mommy Tarr does it take to
change a light bulb whoa there's a fire
going on over here
what's that all about princess dark
teach us about fire safety what's the
number one rule of fire safety princes
are what's up yeah put that on there
can you set it on there what's the leaf
for just sure why not it's burn that
leaf that leaf deserves to be burned
it's upside down it look like this you
want me to do it no you wanna do it okay
all right sometimes all about being
grown up these days you gonna burn
yourself let's try not to do that okay
your mom will not be happy if you burn
yourself push it just push it on the
grill push it one more needs one more
let me do it alright that I don't know I
mean turn it on yet you have to check it
out so this is the Nexus one that
YouTube sent me but I don't need it
because we have phones and so Nicky's
gonna have it and in order for her to
get it
made my own girlfriends a nexus one oh
the Sun tarde
Nakia is gonna have to pick up castles
poop with a shovel and a bucket for 10
days in order to get that nexus one is
that a good deal today's day - yeah
today was easy only had to pick up two
big heaping handfuls shovel fulls it's a
sweet rainbow
hey we don't want you to give it away
I'm gonna get in trouble
YouTube's like here's the phone don't
give it to anybody
that's pretty what's gonna do now the
Nexus 1 by Google the screens resolution
is amazing with the DPI on that Cassim
you know what it feels really like if
you get one now you can get amazing new
apps that are only available with Google
so go on and try out the Nexus One by
Google it's priced at Google like us who
are on the on the go bloggers it's
really great I can pull up YouTube
text shake or Twitter all that will ha
all with the same phone look at this it
even comes with a cell phone charger the
Nexus One by Google
hey we're making jokes over here and you
guys aren't laughing come on house in
fire the Droid today he said that
Verizon it's the dryness like a brick
it's like a brick she's a brick house
work it lady John work at Elton Gaga
that is the good that's the new name of
an artist
Elton Gaga we need an Elton Gaga I hope
you don't worry alright time for the
kids to go to bed yeah
aka obnoxious
yeah he does totally SAP yeah I told us
go green day I'm loved
don't act like you what I also really
want to thank butch big in association
with Shaytards entertainment and other
kind productions coming this summer two
stages everywhere we present the
purchased ourselves in stock I swore
must have a beard three kids and one on
the way to purchase tickets
