we're oh it is fast I can't keep the
camera on it
Oh bye-bye hummingbird cool what was he
doing show me how he flies this faster
faster a light a light the yard down
long beaks and their tongues sticking
side flowers right
they eat the can't think of the word
Paulette mm-hmm they eat the the pollen
out of the flowers
whoa show me how you play like a
hummingbird they're fast fling words are
fast I just I just washed my CTR you
washed it good job I like a hummingbird
faster kick work hey juju go potty
join go potty huh the idea is exciting
but once we get there it's not as fun
yeah you get dressed now come on get
your shovel in your bucket we were
merely freshmen here's what you have to
look forward to this is mom's
two-year-old iPod shuffle it's gonna be
all yours with of course guidance and
rules from your mother and data when you
can use it okay you want to look at it
for a minute for a little motivation I'm
listening to it right now
about and
when how we never really wept he's
saying yeah we were merely freshmen
touching her face no we can't be held
responsible come on all right
fell in love in the first place follow
the life of me I cannot remember you
guys number this song freshman this is I
love this song
I don't know if you yet you guys
actually want to see this part or not
it's pretty gross all right all over
here in this corner there's a bunch of
them you looks like you got some some
audience members participating as well
ten days Sun tarde ten days and this
little beauties yours there's a big one
get that one next
oh that's like three pounds of poop
right there baby turn doesn't even poop
that much and she poops a lot she's like
that's embarrassing daddy okay I'm not
gonna show you guys anymore that's gross
Hey okay so son tart is cleaning up the
poop and I am gonna go get my hair cut a
lot of you guys are very adamant about
the whole iPod poop chore situation
lotta guys had opinions about it let me
just tell you where I'm coming from and
kind of why I'm letting this happen and
like where what here's my frame of
thinking and it all starts from this
money you got a deal with it right
whether you have a little bit of it or a
lot of it a lot of it a majority of your
life even as much as it sucks revolves
around money and men especially husbands
and dads who have to provide for a
family constantly think about money and
some of you either know what I'm talking
about it's just like on your mind 24
hours a day because it's like such a
sucks I mean I realize it's like I hate
how much I'm constantly thinking about
money and how we're gonna get more of it
so we can pay this and so I can get my
kids and my wife nice things and how
we're gonna pay the bills
it's just like for a guy and maybe a lot
of women I don't understand this but for
a man who's a husband and a father you
know that's a big thing to have to
provide you know so it's like something
you it's constantly on your mind for me
at least and I know for a lot of you so
growing up going to school they don't
ever teach you about money
never at least me you might have one
little economics class I've never have
an economics class and learning about
you know the stock market and stuff like
that but they never teach you how to
manage money you go to school for at
least 13 years you count kindergarten
and you go all through high school 13
years and not once do they ever teach
you how to balance a checkbook or hey
don't spend more money than you make
here here's a novel idea if you have
this much money you can't spend above
that so that's why credit cards I hate
credit cards credit cards or snakes in
the grass ready to come up and bite you
in the butt so I want to teach my son
the value of work and the value of money
the value of you have to do a job in
order to gain something anyways so
that's that's kind of the reason we're
doing this extra tour now mind you he
has jobs around the house anyways just
for living under our roof just for
living you need to clean up your dishes
you need to clean up after you you need
to make your bed you need to vacuum the
floor in your room because that's your
room so you know there's a lot of things
that he has to do anyways just for being
a human being but then if he wants to
earn stuff because a six-year-old can't
go get a job but I want to start
teaching him right now at an early age
that hey look if I work hard I get a
reward for that so if I clean up a giant
Great Dane poop for ten days in a row
we're gonna I'm gonna get this cool
little audio device even though you know
I spent 40 bucks on that like two years
ago from mommy
but he doesn't know he's a sigil he
loves it you know anyways so that's kind
of where I'm coming from with the whole
Sun tarred iPod thing I'm not gonna you
guys I'm not gonna give him a Brian my
brand new iPod Touch and let him listen
to little Wayne's new album on it some
of you guys you just like jumped to
conclusions so fast like you really
think I'm that stupid I'm probably way
more strict then why do you guys think I
am where you guys would be anyways so
that's what it's about teaching about
work work brings reward so whether it's
too harsh or not harsh enough maybe
somebody will say he's six I don't know
we'll figure it out as we go but that's
just the whole that's the whole idea
behind
okay so reward don't think about naked
women son tired I have a question for
you oh maybe it's not sure then somebody
just commented on one of our videos that
under your new contract you are not to
be filmed without wearing your
sunglasses is that true boundary or is
that a new contract you have with the
Shaytards no filming unless you have
sunglasses on you never know the
paparazzi might be there you know you
don't want the flashbulbs to burn your
retinas
yeah well just when I go out to dinner I
want to look awesome guys that's all I
just want to look awesome
give it up top dogs straight trippin
fool what up and you're wearing a towel
cape what are you talking about oh it's
like a shawl fruits and vegetables in
the basket oh okay we need to make a Sun
card shirt that says straight trippin
fool boy think about that hey hey baby
tard come over here and say something
cute get over here and be cute hurry up
hey baby to say something cubed say
straight trippin dawg say what up fool
say be sure to do your taxes alright
okay bud good job
hey it's official we're in a fight we're
fighting somebody somebody commented a
today on one of the videos and they said
jay-z look you your wife never fight
will you please show some misery for us
that are depressed in life so we are in
a fight officially right now quiet woman
I'm talking Katy let it's like I am NOT
gonna see that worthless topic I'm
vlogging and talking here and fighting
with you know something about me no I
scary movie she hates scary movies
because she's only what what so she said
I am NOT gonna see that Wolf Man movie -
big scary and you know Wolf Man with
Benicio del Toro I don't think it's come
out yet but I said I said why won't you
see it it's just like Twilight it's just
what it is and I said listen honey it's
like he's in love with this woman but
he's a wolf man so he can't be in love
with her it's
they just copy Twilight but it just is
done better and I know I know I am gonna
ruffle some it's Twihards out there I do
not I don't want to ruffle your Twihard
feathers and I ruffle your Twihard
feathers I love ruffling you're Twihard
feathers not but it's better done the
The Wolfman looks more real than when
Taylor Lautner turns into a a giant
cartoon cartoon wolf but it looks better
doesn't it well like the undergrowth it
looks more real one underwear underworld
that one's more real but it's it's dark
and gloomy and so my whole point was
that Wolfman was basically basically the
same concept as Twilight and and she's
like no no it's not even close it's like
all dark and scary I'm like well it's
like more realistic and I don't really
like scary movies either but I like
Wolfman because it's like you know what
he is I don't like movies where it's
like what is it like is it a ghost
you know I mean there's like scary
movies and it's like what is it is it an
alien is it a ghost isn't it where one
but it was Wolfman it's like it's up
front you know it's a Wolfman so you
know what to expect that's what I like
about it but she she thinks it's too
scary she's not gonna see it so we're
officially high
we're fighting we're fighting so there
you go
me and mommy turned her in a fight what
do you kids think about that hurts
looking awesome as always son tard I
just wanna ask you a quick question are
you feeling awesome right now
huh because I know that's under your
contract if you don't feel awesome then
you can't be on camera Oh looks like we
got a tired awesome guy how about baby
tard
the grams a day yeah yeah I wonder what
are we got back here oh it's an EP
baby's entire like so awesome he's still
awesome he's still rocking the awesome
in his dreams
there's Brett's sister
so we are currently driving which
direction we're going south on the PCH
that stands for Pacific Coast Highway
and we just thought we'd take a little
drive up through Malibu and just see
what was going on and nothing was going
on
we stopped looking at the ocean a few
times and it just it's nice Saturday
night to drive up the coast of the
Pacific Ocean and chat about our lives
and how much we love each other and kind
of thing and the kids fell asleep and so
now we're just we're driving down the
PCH the Pacific Ocean is right over here
literally if you guys don't know the
geography of the situation that we are
currently residing in the ocean is a
stone's throw away off this road and the
PCH is Road that just goes up the coast
of the ocean if you see off here in the
distance give you a little reference you
probably can't see it you see that
little pink dot in the distance that is
the Santa Monica Pier
that's where also right on the ocean
anyways it just travels up here to
Malibu I think you drive up to San
Francisco and then you can drive up to
Canada and then there's Sarah Palin well
I mean yeah but there's Santa Clauses
cabin kind of closes the cabin
by the way already has a nice cap yeah
that's a great cabin cause a hot tub you
can feel like so many else hot chick on
a song who knows this song damn it
obviously Oh
all right we're done bye
