three beautiful ladies so beautiful
you cold you call these folding your
arms like a good girl it's sleeping what
are you doing mommy primping to look
good for your man yes remember ladies
when you grow up you got to look good
for your man that's when you girls grow
up I want you to remember that's your
only that's your only goal in life look
good for your man
the most likely you'll be in the kitchen
hey you guys I'm kidding you could be an
astronaut you could be an FBI agent you
could even be a YouTube vlogger maybe
try what are you gonna be when you grow
up what are you gonna be when you grow
up grow up you gonna be a mountain
climber today Sun tart said he wants to
be an actor What did he say how do you
say he's like dad when I grow up I want
to be an actor in movies and TV and
video games I was like all right
I'll support that we did a video the
other day we've been filming a lot so
I'm trying to be careful not to let
these vlogs slack a little bit because
we filming a lot of stuff for the
station we're gonna have a station
relaunch and we want to have like 30
videos already filmed there is probably
any more than that saw that but we're
probably gonna have at least 30 to 50
videos that are filmed edited and ready
to go on the station so we're like
filming like crazy lately what
let's see it is one braid we'll call you
we'll call you captain one braid did you
ever know that you're my hero you're
everything everything I wish I could be
is called the spinning waltz any who's
also we were filming a video where Sun
tart and the kids were in it the other
day and we gave him these things that he
had to do where I cannot do this and
when Ron says this do this and he like
did it perfectly I was like dude you're
awesome doing a good job so then he came
up to mommy tardies like I want to be a
actor when I grow up yeah but she was
like I'm like no I want to say we
watched Little Rascals and all the kids
you know or actors yeah so he's like oh
I could do that but let's see where it
out movie and I go yeah it's a fun movie
because but I really want to be in it
really yeah my initial reaction is like
no you don't be an actor like that's
what I feel like as a parent I mean like
you want to do that you need to do
something like I don't know but then
it's like wow you know I'm just gonna
that's kinda what I do I don't know what
do you think how do you feel you feel
like yeah he'll be an actor he's only
six oh I'm sure he'll change his mind
like a hundred times between now and
anyways but it's just interesting cuz I
never like I never wanted to know well I
guess I did I guess she said thinking
you're a kid yeah I'm so stupid
nobody can comprehend that anyways so
I'm trying sorry I'm trying I'm not
gonna let the vlog slack but it's gonna
be a little bit harder for me because
most of my day is spent on set filming
something for the station oh here's our
little actor now we just got out of the
bathtub
are you ready for your nude scene yeah
sure okay so um just little heads up
love you guys see you tomorrow
this is actually I'm cheating if you
this is tomorrow okay hold on son tarde
the actor wants to tell us something
what an actor like Robert De Niro okay
I'm gonna give you a line right now and
I want you to deliver it in a way that
will make me believe that you're really
sad okay I want you to say this but the
big man stole my lollipop now I want you
to say it like you're terrified like big
man he stole my lollipop Golden Globe
right there we got to get out of La
you're gonna drive castle this is a this
is a camera okay listen we're playing a
game because we're driving to the car
and castell√≥n was reading twitter and
he read it Twitter and I'm like wait I'm
gonna let me guess he said that before
you tell me and then I was right so
we're gonna play a game now where he's
just gonna read tweets and I kind of
know who he follows I follow the same
people and I'm gonna see if I can guess
who said that okay so here we go okay
okay let's make this easier if we could
only carry three Dorito flavors what
would they be somebody was just talking
about Doritos no it's not Doritos it's
Jerry DOS what's a juried oh oh oh oh
this person said jerry toes yeah like a
Dorito or a burrito how they say it this
this is kind of a tricky one because
it's not a youtuber is this somebody I
know yeah you follow them you enjoy
their deliciousness get in the right
lane
Justin no oh Kogi tacos so stupid
can you get in the right lane please I'm
trying I'm trying these F heads are not
letting me over God dang it
gosh darn it I'm gonna turn onion you
know mop mop on over okay great um
continue okay oh this one should be an
easy one okay if you're a Miss America
fan at Miss America live is live but uh
okay off to the gym maybe I'll take a
day off tomorrow and eat a Big Mac this
is gonna be tough because there's really
no indication it's a female I'll give
you a juicy start No
because Jesus I was just talking about
me at the gym I don't know
oh the old okay oh good care of IVA next
Oh cuz all this been going to the gym
lately - that's right
shucks okay uh okay okay I'm trying to
find one that you actually get I got
that first one I don't like such a good
idea when I got that first yeah well I
mean this is like harder than it would
yeah that's true you would think
sometimes I just want the Philip
DeFranco show to be a Shane Dawson um it
was so easy
yeah I'm go over to this game they're
gonna wanna get I think probably the
left lane huh so this probably won't
make the vlog
they're shooting video
get your nasty tongue off of my lollipop
