hi hi baby tall runs plants music any
dance dance there were some dancing
music wrong she's being a shy dancer oh
hey guys I could dance why don't I ever
get a chance to dance around here we're
shootin uh hi I'm Ron video some pretty
hilarious it's gonna go up Monday Monday
anyways schedule you guys will see it on
Monday on the shaycarl channel
woo like always just like this is like
the Hummer for mini old style look at
that thing that's crazy
Arnold Schwarzenegger drove that in the
Austrian army crater Gators wildlife
rescue we had all the critters when we
get them when we save them remember
remember be angry he is gonna be angry
let's see your angry face you're gonna
have so much fun together I'm so excited
let's see first thing on the list here
is
holy crap new feature to YouTube I don't
know if any of you guys noticed this
this is awesome check this out okay so
I'm uploading my video here's the status
bar it says it's gonna take 1 hour and
28 minutes and then this is the video
it's slowly like showing me it's like
okay we uploaded that we've uploaded
this this is all the video that's being
uploaded then it goes like it's like
scrolling over that's pretty awesome
then you can just kind of watch it I
don't know what the purpose of it I
don't know if it really serves any
purpose other than the fact that it's
cool seen that it's working but that's
pretty sweet it shows you the time that
was kind of an old thing but this is
totally new for me right look there's
some time he's gonna be in the video
wait look there's a black thing that's
there's me again I'm in the video oh
look I think I'm coming up here again
yep there I am again over here I am
again
I'm in this video a lot we'll just
imagine in tomorrow's video upload at
this part your face will be in it
Thaddius Luka Bodie al jeera of Jerez 0
a pretty ridiculous huckleberry
I'm your huckleberry right the war gonna
sharpen there's so much opportunity to
spend daddy's money
it's up
once the head fuzz alright let's go get
some headphones come on baby chard what
do you want what do you want huh what a
manicure pedicure but a spray tan what
do you want gotta go to the target hit
the number to push it this is one of the
biggest elevators I've ever seen how big
this thing is it's gigantic you could
drive a Toyota Prius in this elevator
the Toyota Prius I tell ya our van you
think we can drive our van in there come
on and get your Barbie let's go a
hundred and thirty nine dollars for
those seems a little pricey okay so the
problem is is my ears are killing me
because I've been using just like the
regular you know the the white ones you
get with an iPod or an iPhone and my
ears looks like I like I just shoved
those things in there and sometimes it's
not loud enough so I feel like I push
them in there harder I think I have ear
cancer is there such a thing as ear
cancer because I think ear cancer cuz
both my ears are killing me from shoving
those little white buds in my ears and
I'm like I want some like big ones but I
don't want to spend oh that's a honey I
don't want these anymore I want
something like these that'll go over my
ears softly like pillows I want these
little pillows to cushion my ears and
get rid of the ear cancer that I think I
might have contracted from those white
earbuds what's the best kind sony
there's the Skullcandy i just can't buy
they're the same price 48 bucks 49 bucks
I can't buy a product that's named
Skullcandy that just seems I don't know
Sony just seems better you know what I'm
saying what other options do I have Bose
Bose is good you know Bose is good but
there's no way I'm paying 140 bucks for
those I want those dr. Drake beats at
Charles Trippy had but I don't see him
here and Best Buy was closed so looks
like I'm have to settle for one of these
I never know with these Sony ones
there's some noise cancelling ones from
the Sony I think I'm gonna get those
what do you consent Archer get those
you want a pair let's get you a pair of
ear cancer ones can you get you want
some ear cancer ones how about these
look these are a little Sony a little
Stoney pair what about those you like
those yeah and you can listen to my iPod
and use those what do you think so
begins so it begins but you're gonna
want your own iPod pad I forgot what it
was called I just saw this this is like
a Kindle it's not a Kindle but it's a
Sony Reader he has heard about the iPod
that anyways I need to get these these
are locked up I need to get these pork
man all right
I didn't read about your cancer I gotta
go eat somebody help what are you do
what's that when are we gonna get your
iPod well I guess as soon as you do your
chores and earn enough money to pay for
half of it let's do that okay not half
what he thinks fair
you want to pay for fault all of it no
I'm not gonna give you a half of an iPod
but you're gonna work and save money and
then you're paid for half of the iPod II
don't know how to work you can work you
can clean the house and vacuum and feed
Malachi and then we'll pay you if you do
some extra chores you're gonna have to
make your bed and clean up around the
house and stuff just because you live
with us but then you can do extra stuff
and we'll pay you money to do extra
chores okay and then with that money you
can pay for half of the iPods makes
sense do you agree to those terms and
conditions okay mom we've negotiated a
deal with the oldest male child in the
household and me and some tired have
been talking about it and he has agreed
to clean up Malachi's poop out of the
yard
for ten days and that's gonna be his
normal chore but after ten days of clean
it up Malachi's poop you can have an
iPod is that cool you agree to that all
right what do you think mom a good deal
then it's just as normal for one week
after that okay ten days straight you
pick up all the poop put it in a bucket
we'll get you a shovel in a bucket ten
days straight and after those ten days
you can have an iPod but then you have
to do it once a week as your normal
chore okay five baby turd you will
change the oil in the van or you will
not get dinner okay
all right she's trying to hear the music
all right they're listening to a little
Jimmy Eat World baby tried wants to
listen let her put her ear up why you
don't think they should have that well
we will not we will not allow that okay
we're home from the restaurant looks
like nobody is able to party after 10
o'clock
seriously what lightweights the
Kennywood stampin party hey baby turn we
love you we love you centered with the
star wake up wake up do you guys
remember this being kids I so remember
this where it's like I'm gonna act like
I'm asleep and hopefully they'll carry
me in the house because I really do not
want to get out of this warm seat and
walk in the house and I am just praying
that they'll pick me up and carry me
into the house I remember I still I'm
almost 30 years old and I still remember
pretending to be asleep just so
hopefully my parents will carry me into
the house do you guys remember that hub
yeah I think sometimes you're not in the
mood we got we're not carrying anybody
in the house if you sleep in this van
there will be a person that will come
and murder you in your sleep
looks like they really are asleep that's
the ultimate test
I guess sir asleep we'll carry him in
the house my name's baby TARDIS I love
the lemonade
