hi login here downtown
when will they figure out what is going
on here
hey Sun tard these rocks are all a Miss
I just sing in the song downtown which
the fine brothers just parodied parity
parodied a lost song here should check
it out okay I got the mail
cool huh wish you guys had one I bet ha
ha I think this is from Charles Trippy
let's open it and find out I want you to
film me K will you film me
you're a good film cameraman okay here
we go okay I'm opening this right now
this is from totally gorgeous great
fiance oh look at that
oh that's eyes the 2009 Mashable open
web Awards for Best YouTube channel or
personality to present it to Shaytards
I'm at nice Oh mom come look rub it in
this package what do you think he's not
that nice Charles is so sweet so
Mashable we won this contest right we
won the open web Awards for regulus and
everything makes you cry honey look at
this box they sent two anyways and
Mashable losers didn't send us anything
they're just like oh you won you don't
get anything but thanks for promoting
our our contest a million times so
Charles made up this plaque and sent to
us and that is so awesome
Thank You Charles CTFxC for the win baby
tard who's that the baby tard
where's daddy where's daddy where's
mommy
he's right there where's son tard
she can do it she's need rope or
spritzes target thanks where's baby
tired kids want to do everything good
job okay let's go thanks Charles bucks
man bucks man
OOP what's up guys we're taking some
shirts to the post office and sending
out some of the last few you haven't got
yours you're gonna get it eventually
if not in the hereafter you will get it
in tradition sometimes helping me carry
the mail
it's crazy rainy day in Los Angeles
we're going to the post office it's so
exciting
it's so exciting to go to the post
office with this giant box and I'm so
much fun Thunder you have as much fun as
I am
I can tell
how do you think
are you saying son tarred Lakes the
acoustics in the post office I can't
blame you I'm a man I'm a man my soaps
can't resist a good acoustical
arrangement what check check
straight trippin give me a bounce bounce
it out we're gonna carry it all right
let's go brings up ski falling on my
head
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo I
don't know and we're the worst that song
I soldered put that on your head put the
bucks on your head as though you're
thinking well I guess great minds think
alike
great this is leave it on here leave it
on it put it on come this way sunshine
come this way put it on your head box
man bugs me trust me I'll tell you if
you're gonna run into anything okay keep
going keep it on your head
rainbows and the postman box guy right
here
are you peeking you're cheatin
nobody in there hello McFly hello McFly
alright we are sitting around the table
we don't do this very often do we I just
realize that the kids are like is this
like a big party like we're in a castle
like in the movies and me and mom eat
right we're like we don't really sit on
the table very often and eats in her why
are we always I'm always like on the
computer and the kids like one of those
asleep or something I don't know so sit
down we're gonna have a nice family
dinner tonight
we're having steak and zucchini
cucumbers with we're not sure what that
is mommy made it it looks delicious
but what are these what is called wedges
no the freakin potato skins they're
gonna be delish how was school today
guys what did you learn in school tell
me one thing you learned some tired
what'd you learn in school today you
learned about penguins cool what'd you
learn about penguins
I thought where's this go in but now I
recall yeah that's how they feed their
babies did you know centaur did you know
that penguins are like one of the only
birds that can't fly
crazy huh they just walk and baby tarde
what did you learn at school today oh
that's right what did you learn when you
were hanging out with mom and dad today
she watched Tinkerbell that's true well
what did you learn today mommy tarde
that sounded sarcastic let's take a lot
of work baby no no no yeah spit it out
spit it out
hey mami tarde you ready
can this can this meal begin maybe tarde
are you ready baby charred burnt her
mouth on the steak so hot and she is
telling us how she feels about that
okay who's saying the prayer princess
tarde okay everybody fold arms fold your
arms and bow your head and listen
quietly while the prayer is said okay go
ahead
alright let's eat this meat you ready
you ready all right go down eat your
food go eat your food pumpkin face
good girl yeah what is it zucchini with
it's zucchini and what like I do
everything
zucchini Swiss cheese and soy sauce
all right have baby tard try it out for
Steve she'll take a bite of it
she's our tester if she gets poisoned
she's like the kid she's like the miners
canary you mix it all up
hey baby tard take a taste of it and if
you're not poison then the rest of us
will have it
that's no pressure I want maybe turn to
taste
have a bite let's see you have a bite
dad okay okay oh there she goes
she ate cheese just grab with your hand
is it yummy
baby tard is it yummy is it good all
right let's see who wants to have dinner
with the family you guys this is kind of
awkward but I can't help but to tell
that there's not a spot set aside for me
like very intelligent dogs anyways like
they said I'll just be over here and
give me some of your leftovers just know
that I will be available to have the
leftovers so I think you should feel bad
that there's not a spot set aside at the
table for me so you know once again just
a reminder I am here Oh Shay oh so all
of them so tired of your little dialog
over my voice that's not really how I
talk at all I just want some food and
you guys are really hurting my feelings
right now because I am just standing
here like I'm not even part of the
family or something it's like you guys
all have opposable thumbs and I just
stand here with Mike my same old collar
that I always wear I just I'm salivating
I thank you salad
we're eating steak steak for goodness
sake baby talk you just taunting me with
the steak baby new sam olga dogs exactly
what you doing honey you're getting your
spa treatments
/ / getting soaking wet from this water
everything Oh beautiful baby card
Jordans baby card has a future in
cosmetics
how about princess card they're all
gonna be experts son tired I'm tired
he's shot so great for great great
talent as a linebacker yes that is very
important I love you guys make sure my
bald spots are showing up okay hey how's
it going I'm walking over to Danny and
lisas to see what's up cuz they're
hanging out Lisa um just did a spoof on
a Heidi Montag and it just gotta put on
Perez Hilton calm so that's pretty
awesome right so just gonna come say
what it's up to the guys
hi all right just leaving Danny Lisa and
those guys the house over there I had to
talk about a few shooting things for
videos that were going to shoot
it's always fun I think now it funny
Lisa and Kassim are like brother and
sister like they get in these little
fights we're watching so we're watching
TV or what were watching teen pregnancy
or teen parents or whatever that is that
show on MTV and Kassim and Lisa are
fighting over like castles like the
girls such a big yacht Lisa's like no
she's not he's lazy and that's the thing
no listen her tone of voice no she talks
to him and he's like Japanese 20 minutes
late and I get me hi about the stupidest
stuff I'm like we all sit there and
crack up and make fun of them and it's
like her like brother and sister like no
this is my toy no shut up you don't know
anything anyway it's pretty funny
you guys have friends like dad tell me
in the comments below okay so don't yell
I'm in McDonald's the montag call me and
said I'm craving a mcdonald's salad I'm
like why are you behaving in mcdonald's
salad she's like I don't know just
something about the tomatoes with the
ranch and the McDonald's oh yeah so I
went to McDonald's to get her a salad
and I was I want to talk about some
because I said they're thinking about
the history teacher that I had I had a
really good history teacher my junior
year of high school and he said to us do
you guys want to be trash men when you
grow up or do you guys want to work at
McDonald's when you grow up and I was
like whoa that's harsh
you know there's great people who do
those jobs and he said no that's that's
fine it's okay if people do those things
but we need people to do those jobs I
mean what if there was nobody ever
worked in McDonald's they were never
McDonald's or was no what if nobody was
willing what everybody want to be a
lawyer what if everybody was wanted to
be you know the CEO of a company then
nobody would be there to pick up our
trash and society wouldn't function like
you know I'm saying so what do you want
to be and I never growing up I never
ever had this
where it was like I'm gonna grow up and
be an and Sadiq para Don told scientists
like I never had a thing that I knew I
wanted to be in it's like a lot of my
friends did to my friends like I'm gonna
be an orthodontist or I'm gonna do this
or you know so I just like I never had a
thing I was like I like people I like
laughing you know I never really knew
what I was gonna do I always figured I'd
be in sales because it's like I like
talking to people and I've done a lot of
sales jobs so it's just a question it's
not like if you worked at McDonald's
don't feel bad like I worked at a
restaurant in the depths of greasy
despair for three years from when I was
16 to 19 literally the grossest of I've
ever done in my life was at this
restaurant like cleaning it up vomit and
in the bar there was a bar and these
guys throw up and it's like they call
chez hey I just vomited out here to come
pick it up come clean up this vomit and
also take these four bus tubs back and
then they whip you with the towel
because you like the little peon voice
oh listen I've done those jobs but my
question is like if you're doing a job
like that now is that what you want to
do and if it is that's okay like if
that's what you want to do then do it
because we need people to wash dishes
and so on and so forth but my question
is just like what do you want to do
what's gonna make you happy
and if you have to step on some of them
you have to do some of those things on
the way to getting there or wherever you
should always be on your way like don't
settle for a job you don't want you know
I don't know it's just just an
interesting thing to think about because
what if there was nobody to pick up our
trash
there's gotta be garbageman somebody has
to do maybe we could just do it
ourselves like everybody takes care of
their own compost that's a whole
different discussion where do you want
to go in life what do you want to be
think about it make sure now start
working towards it cuz it seems like for
me I was just like I don't know I'll
figure it out after I work at 20
different jobs which is what I had to do
but uh it would be good if you could
expedite the process and go straight to
it instead of being evening beaming all
over the place so remember kids you can
be anything in life you wanna be you
could be the President of the United
States go into law enforcement or even
be a celebrity
