to me this looks like a submission for a
closed cleaning commercial got kids who
like to play in the mud inthere sucks
what will a mommy do well now with new
ultra-tight gain bounce back you can get
those kelp siente says cleanness Blanco
that's socks as clean as white in
Spanish kiss she didn't know
hey guys bye I'm going to a meeting
please please acknowledge my existence
please love me I hope your father please
bye princess tarde love you guys
see if I understand what Lisa on your
license plate
Kassem CEO geez hey dude what's that oh
I thought it was raining outside as my
a/c was on driving home from the office
just had a big meeting with everybody at
the station or getting ready to do a
relaunch in march/april anyways we're
discussing it but we just we got a ton
of funny scripts basically what we're
doing is we're just gonna come back with
like a bunch of stuff like there's gonna
be a you know a lot of videos and we
want to like stock up so we're not gonna
be uploading much stuff on the station
for the next you know a month and a half
to two months but then once we start it
again end of March 1st of April it's
gonna be like 4 videos a week and we
have all these webseries and different
characters and one-off spoofs and it's
gonna be great anyways I am in trouble
you guys are mad at me right now right
now you're mad at me you know why you're
mad at me because my computer is sitting
in my backpack and I have not processed
today's video yet and if it's 724 and I
haven't started processing that's a bad
day
because it takes two to three hours to
process each video you know they're
around 10 to 15 minutes you guys know
you watch them and that kameen that
before I compress them how big are they
they're like a couple gig but when I
after I compress them there are 300 or
400 megabytes and it just takes a long
time and you guys get so mad my upload
the videos late and I know that and I'm
like feel anxious right now cuz I'm like
they're mad at me I just see the
comments no the videos are why so late
lately you're behind and I'm I just like
get nervous did you guys really all at
me I'm sorry I just I had this meeting
and I woke up this morning I just was in
one of those moods where I didn't feel
like doing anything I was tired and I
laid on the couch and I watched the e
true Hollywood story of a little Wayne
and he shot himself but he was 10 years
old and I just didn't so I'm sorry I
don't want you guys to be mad but I
appreciate you guys watching these
videos so much especially it's so cool
the people that have been around for so
long I got an email from not last night
you guys know nulls you don't no no it's
linked in the sidebar you guys know
notes I wrote him an email two years ago
and he emailed it to me last night he's
like hey I was cleaning out my email and
look what I found
literally it was dated January of 2008 I
had emailed him and told him that I just
read his online ebook and that I loved
it and that I was gonna try to follow
everything he said in this ebook so that
I you know I could make a show on
YouTube and so that I could you know
live my dream and try to you know be an
entertainer kind of it just like maybe
evil laugh that's all that's all that I
really ever thought this would be is
like I just would love to make more
people laugh other than just my you know
my family and my friends and stuff so
it's just and when I think about where
this has all come from it's been like
two years and some of you guys have
literally been around that long and you
you remember all their like little
things
but it's even cooler is people who just
I get emails from like hey Shay I just
found the Shaytards yesterday I was
messing around on YouTube and I saw on
your videos I clicked on it because it
was like dad punches baby in the face
and I was like what's this stupid video
and you started watching it and so it's
like oh we all these new people and then
they're like I just watched you last 80
videos and it's just it's cool it's just
this growing family and I'm excited I'm
excited to see where it's gonna go I
have no idea that's the thing if you
said work Shay where are you gonna be
out in five years from now I don't know
I'll probably have seven more kids I
know that but I don't know what will be
going on maybe you two will be gone and
I'll you know I'll just work at a cash
register of a Starbucks and I'd be like
can I help you would you like a
double-shot was like a Frappuccino with
that I don't know I don't know so I'm
just excited that where it is now and I
appreciate when I turn off light I'm
sorry bad lighting okay so I'm headed
home right now going home and I promised
the kids that we would write that I
promised them this the last three days
it's so bad but they're like who ride
our bike to the tree store and I keep
saying yep yep in a sec yep and we will
but today is the day because they are
all ready to go I'm like I gotta go to
this meeting so look at me I'm just
disappointing everybody yeah so we're
gonna go ride with the kids to the candy
store and they're gonna get a treat at 8
o'clock at night that's great that's
great Shane move back your kitchen be in
bed by not eating candy tell you what
I'm just screwing up here we go three
goes mr.sun turn spectacular are we
going go to the candy store can you say
candy store
it's a candy store I love candy
I love candy you know who baby tard
carry the scooter she's too little only
princess Todd can ride the scooter okay
so we are going to the candy store and
it is what time is it it's later than
when I got done telling you guys it was
it's 9:45 it's 9:45 Oh crash you okay
yeah alright get up be tough
scooter it off
you know how they say walk it off just
say scooter it off anyways come on
Prince to start this is on principle I
did tell the kids today I said we will
go to the candy store when I get home
from my meeting
so I got home and mom my card had laid a
new rule down she said you guys are not
going to the candy store with your dad
until you clean your room so it took
them until 9:45 to clean their room so
it's the set the thing works like well I
did tell them that I would take them you
know it's about fulfilling promises do
you'll say you'll do they had to clean
their rooms had to get that done so now
we're just up late you can be ok when
you have getting nerds loving it I'm
sorry what are you getting still looking
baby tard let's shoot what are you
getting sour patch kids delish okay
let's go come on
we better hurry you want gummy bears no
she thinks well they're sour patch kids
hey baby turn you're on the mean streets
of LA I got it I'll carry the bag you
just ride your bike home come on pumpkin
face I love the shoes I love the shoes
baby charge sport so cute nope got the
strap on on the strap fall off what's up
I'll carry it I got it go on you're too
much of a giver yeah I got the bag I got
it right here come on let's go we're
back from the store we got our candy how
much do we get to eat before we go to
bed one piece one piece what if we got a
starburst that mean we get one starburst
mom's driving a hard bargain here let's
go into some negotiating shall we all
right here we go
everybody sit down and be quiet this is
the late-night candy distribution time
are you ready babe eat our shows the
gummi bears
princess heart chose the chocolate
kisses and Sons hard is a fan of the
nerves
now listen because it is 10:05 and you
have school tomorrow you only get a
small portion of the treat that you
selected are those agreeable
circumstances will you sign the contract
of these terms and conditions family
turn I need a yes or a No
affirmative or negative please mommy
turn I need you to arise from the seat
that you're sitting I know you're trying
to figure out beard card trick still and
created a bosom baby with inside your
belly well whatever you want to call it
I'm not sure it is going to be a life at
some point I assume I hope yep there it
is baby this is the baby section I need
you to come over here and I need you to
distribute the portions and quantities
of candy that these children will be
allowed to consume upon this evening
before going to bed here we go
maybe target will receive how many 1 2 3
4 5 gummi bears
princess card is opening her package how
many is babyt are you gonna have no sure
to have spies are you happy with these
yeah be happy she doesn't tell those
right now
after school tomorrow she's getting to
two Hershey kisses for pizza start son
tart hey hand the candy over to your
mother she's in charged well your
mother's in charge we'll hurry up this
is where son tard represents why'd you
he ends up passin to his mom anyways how
many does he get son guard gets for
nerds this is like an unfair
distribution process can you go
it's your candy did you pay for it well
then whose candy is it really are you
sure cuz wasn't it my money that bought
it
hey son tart who bought the candy who
you pointing out yeah so whose candy is
it that's right that's what I like to
hear likes it I like to know that you
know it's still what still yours even
though I bought it it's not mine why not
why's it online didn't I buy it though
yes so isn't mine truly or should I give
it to you so then therefore it is yours
you know this conversation is neither
here nor there I love you so what is
mine is yours what do you say son heart
thank you
wait say princess heart and baby tired
what do you say what say it louder thank
you daddy
alright hurry and eat your candy so you
can then brush your teeth and go to bed
at 10:15 woman that I love
woman that I chose to spend the rest of
my life
girl who I said I want to be my best
friend lover and child maker for the all
the days that my heart continues to beat
what are you doing I'm sorting through
more emails looking for more sizes so
that we can send more short so if you
haven't got your shirt I'm working on it
wait a minute wait a goldarn minute are
you saying that you haven't sent off all
the beard tart shirts no as seen by this
list so look that's pretty good that's
most see those red lines up there's
people right there they have a shirt
that's why if you have my shirts cuz
they don't have your size but we're
still working on it working on the
problem is the email a lot of the emails
they have don't give me a name they just
give me the eBay name and their email
we've gone over this we've gone over
this
listen if you're sure you're gonna get
it you're gonna get it this little girl
is gonna get it out to you because she's
a good worker I love her okay Twitter
that's why I don't Witter hey I hope out
admit that I helped out oh you do but I
have to just nugget she has Milken she's
gonna she's some milker nope she loves
to milk my nipples nice jinxers I said
you what at the same time well I mean if
you could try at least once
nope okay so we were just talking about
mommy Tyra was just telling me the story
of today
centaur didn't get to eat lunch well he
got to eat lunch but did but so tell us
the story and then I want to I want to
reminisce on the story go ahead so you
know he has a lunch card and I always
put money on his card sometimes they'll
send a letter home saying oh your son's
almost out of money
can you please you're the one man like
you guys remember right you remember
going to school you get a lunch card
it's like your parents put money on the
lunch card you go through the line you'd
like a ticket what does he have a name
he's a card he swipes it it's like you
know it takes money off the card it's
like okay you get lunch today buh buh
buh
okay so then so then um he was all out
of money that's right we she forgot she
forgot to put money on it
nevermind it's a natural accident it's
okay don't feel like your kids are gonna
die they will still feed him lunch
obviously they can't really start but
it's always a lesser it's the poor kids
lunch well I didn't get to have the
delicious burrito and he really said
delicious burrito listen I love the
adjective the delicious oh okay so do
you guys remember this I I am all of it
old man I'm old and savaged but I still
remember the kids at my school of course
my mom never forgot to give me lunch
money you'll never forget
bad mom anyways please don't please
don't stab me with this video
my mom's better than you anyways listen
I remember going to school and this
happening this exact same thing
happening which is why it's so funny to
me that the system has not changed but
literally remembering so specifically
the kids whose lunch money ran out and
they had to have like the peanut butter
sandwich there wasn't even in jelly
it was just strictly bread they got
bread peanut butter and a white milk
they didn't even get the option to have
the chocolate milk they got peanut
butter sandwich and white milk because
their lunch money had ran out and I
remember seeing those kids in school
thing and oh how embarrassing much money
ran out and to think Sun tarde had to
have the cheese he had to have this
cheese sandwich a measly cheese sandwich
and not the size the delicious the so
flavorful burrito which ok so I can see
it in two ways they could that's a
motivation for the parents to put money
on the carpet for the kids it's like you
could just be eternal holy money yeah
well trust us we're good for it we're
good for it how much can one lunch cost
we will pay the $10 whatever it is give
our son the delicious burrito what
delicious burrito we'll pay you back we
promise our son will never be President
you know why because he had eat that she
sandwich and he did not get that
delicious burrito
