and the moon hits your eye like a big
pizza pie at the mall so I'm at the
ocean once again and love it like oh I
get so frustrated with myself but I
don't come down here more often because
it's so amazing literally I don't know
if you've ever lived by the ocean or if
you've ever been to the ocean but it's
just like it's just so I don't know how
to explain it it's it's like you can
look forever into the distance and it's
just water and the waves and it's just
maybe I'm just still a noob I'm still in
the ocean noob and whenever I see the
wave of like that's a great way like to
me every wave is a great wave but look
at that one look at there it comes
the water goes forever it's so theme you
could die and there's the moon and so I
love coming down here and I just feel
like I don't come down here often enough
because I live like a mile away
literally it takes me minutes two to
three minutes to get here and I'm here
and I just like haha release all the you
know the interior frustrations and
toxins and cares of the world and his
ever I had a choir I'm not gonna lie to
you guys I was in choir I was the choir
nerd and one of the things that are
acquired teacher had us do is we'd have
us breathe in very deep and then go ah
and like breathe out a loud sigh of
relief to release the stress in our
lives literally and you could do it even
now
right now as you're watching this video
take a giant breath in through your nose
bring it all in all in on all the arrows
go
ah and just it doesn't matter if you
something a dying cow just let it out
let it out and let the but the stress
relief begin just let it out
anyways look like a million bucks I'm
here on the edge of the Pacific Ocean
and I love you guys and I want to talk
to you guys about something real quick
and I say real quick and it's writing in
the last five minutes but I hope you
guys listen to me I hope you share me
out for just a second because yesterday
I was checking my YouTube and and I'm
not gonna lie to you guys
I checked sometimes I look I'd be like
how many subscribers do I got how many
views do I I mean come on if I'm gonna
spend this much time invested in the
YouTube community you can oh look you're
gonna look at that stuff and one of the
things that I looked at I'm not gonna
lie to you guys is most viewed this
month so I clicked on the little thing
you guys know at the bottom of your
channels there's like you know there's
like there's like these honors or
whatever and it says most viewed this
one and I noticed that the Shaytards
were number three I was like number
three that's impossible
there's no way that Shaytards to be
number three how is that even
conceivable so I clicked on it and I
realized holy crap the Shaytards are
ahead of these giant channels
what's a giant channel I don't know
Shane Dawson million subscribers sexy
Phil I don't know 900 subscribers or
whatever raywilliamjohnson
gaining 50,000 subscribers a week
the Shaytards had more views this month
than all three of those which are the
three biggest channels on YouTube right
now they're growing so fast and they
have such great shows and they're funny
and I saw that I was like host that's a
bet that's blah blah YouTube once again
screwed up and this is pissing me off
because I'm not gonna put up with this
misinformation of numbers but then I
suck then I'm like okay well maybe it's
not a mess up maybe it just let's just
believe that's plenty that's true let's
just believe this true for two seconds
and if it is I don't know maybe it is
still a glitch maybe it is a glitch but
if yesterday's numbers are true us you
guys
Center Britta star baby mama card the
Shaytards had more views this month than
Shane Dawson sexy Phil and ray william
johnson and that is unbelievable
whatever it doesn't even matter it
doesn't it really honestly oh like the
ocean look there's water and I am free
to walk about it except for there is two
people about 30 yards over there they
are making out and I could walk over
there and expose them but I'm not going
to because I want them I want them to be
able to get their swerve on or what
let's have you anyways I just want to
say what do I want to say I want to say
well of course thank you and you know
why I think that I think that I know
there's a lot of haters out there
they're like wahoo people watch this
stupid fad those videos and I see I see
the appeal and that argument I really do
because I am a fatso and it's just me
recording my life and my kids and our
house they are home movies as you would
call them you guys are doing it I love
doing it and I loved you guys I'm like
I'm getting I'm kidding I just wanna say
thank you that's all I wanted to say I
don't want to get this this is I don't
want I don't want to I just wanna say
thank you that's all I wanna say I wanna
say thank you and we're gonna keep doing
them because you know why there's a
fetus tart on the way and the fetus tart
wants to meet you guys and you guys
won't make the fetus tard and I just I
love doing it I really do I love the
interaction and I love reading your
comments and I just wanna say thank you
guys at this point those people over
there that are making out when I first
came here they thought I was the weird
one well I thought they were the weird
one because it's like while you make it
out on a freezing cold beach and now I'm
screaming at a camera and they're like
who's the fat guy screaming at the
camera I really wish I could run over
there
you guys what they're doing but it it's
just to nc-17 for this vlog Chris I love
you guys thank you so much I'm gonna go
run in the ocean let's do it let's do it
go
you guys tomorrow
hey guys are you what were you guys
doing over there the show-me-state
congratulations to you sir I hope baby
doesn't turn out like oh all right go
pick her up
hey welcome to California give me hope
come here come here let me help you up
let me go grab my hand
I'm gonna pull you okay you got her you
got her all right you guys have a good
night
I'm gonna go play in the ocean remember
kids water it may not make you laugh
hysterically but it will help you stand
up straight
