what are you doing oh you're playing in
the puddle playing in the puddle what
have I told you about playing in puddles
I said do it a lot what and now she has
scurvy
poor baby tard walking around with
scurvy you walking through the puddle is
that fun yeah trouble
you wanna don't get in trouble go to
Nationals I went to Nationals three
years in a row and four tire swing
swinging that grass spot hates us we're
putting that tire swing look up look
look what a pretty day it is out here
can't you see I'm vlogging I can't throw
you up in the air oh I'm vlogging
alright I'll try out come here first
time I'll show up with one arm as I've
logged ready hey jump on three one two
three jump sending dirty messages to my
mom my mom said is it alright if if
Carly moves into your house and then I
replied to her as came to that and I
said is it alright if I punch you in the
face and I said this is Katie lat and I
bet I could kick your butt any day of
the week bring it
and then she started texting me on my
phone and then I said ask Katie that
stop texting Shay he is busy if you
can't handle the heat then get out of
the kitchen hello listen grandma tard if
you can't handle the heat and stay out
of the kitchen are you cleaning our
house yeah it better be clean by the
time we get back or I will seriously
pimp-slap you what do you mean we
missing what's kind of stuff what did
you do you better make sure you don't
throw away anything of importance my
weddin tell busted what are you talking
about your office chair all right yeah I
guess we could use a new one of those
that's right that's what it should be no
no no son Todd wants to know if you're
cleaning my underwear obviously we
haven't been using those very often
maybe yeah you better watch out for
Katie let's swing she has in the hidden
in the closet
just rip our pole strips up button yeah
I beg button spiders bite and I go hello
call failed bye-bye
he seriously knows here's the camera
beep and he's like oh I'm out here oh
yes he's like six foot tall my my going
I'm 5/9 out Allah see Kai Coomer Hughes
has no problem with this when the
camera's not on this is the cameras on
look at him he's fake
oh my okay what is your problem Thank
You her you cannot be camera shy if
you're in this family come on we do that
like five times before we turn the
camera are you serious
don't you want a piece of chicken orange
chicken from Panda Express cooter Berger
explain to him what he's missing now
okay here you go come on
maybe I should hide over here okay okay
I'm at the computer now hey kids
be quiet sit down hey hey Mel thank you
no no no all right here
my goal is not to put any Pat's on the
rest of the day my goal is to see how
does that swoop around just sweep around
my nakedness bone I'm not naked guys
come on here we go
19 seconds come on Farfrae heartwright
know what it's like we're going to
overtime bless the Saints and score oh
boy I'm getting out of here this is
getting a little too crazy for my blood
I do not like the entertainment going on
in this room what
what are you doing come on Fabray dnat
hold on dude I gotta see this
it's like a duck losses like flopping
everywhere all right let's see did you
make that where'd you get that honey I
love when you use ideas you get from
monkeys oh really
so they're doing things that they learn
on TV yeah let's let's only do some of
the things we learned on TV okay you
guys aren't even watching the game to
care of Christmas tree baby sorry what
are you doing what are you making baby
tard that sounds interesting
let's see your hair cool French braid
nice mommy mommy went all out today
loving it Oh
that's all right I like the Saints too
though
I'm a big fan of Drew Brees and Jeremy
Shockey what do you think read you
something wait for us see I really like
Jeremy Shockey he doesn't he doesn't get
too much action on the Saints but when
he played for the Giants I loved Jeremy
Shockey but Drew Brees great guy they
deserve it
there it is it's a game winner in
overtime what do you think excited huh
huh who them Saint who demonstrate to
them who demonstrate to them st. poems
hooty-hooty-hoo MZ k t let actually went
to school with Jared Allen she dated she
don't choose a jerk Ellen she they did
it turn Ellen's friend and she used to
hang out with him all the time it was so
cool then she decided to marry me
instead and I know baby tard so you're
better than Jared Allen any day I'm
Jared Allen or not afraid or no baby
tard helped to be so vicious I like Pete
rings
