runs oh yeah this is my kind of guy
so tall and Noble look at that mustache
oh he's you know it's gonna oh you guys
are really confusing me I don't know we
have to make it look like I got blown up
alone exploded exploded I can't wait to
where there's one are you an arsonist
I'm an arsonist I'm roasting a
marshmallow shirt that's why I'm so
overweight all my shirts are made of
marshmallow
this is like true Hollywood ma'am that
is tremendous tard an egg tart equal
feedeth tart good totally explode rated
C I mean it can really do some more work
on that area there but you know I should
do this let it go should try that Shea's
big now Shay's making fun of it
what he doesn't know is I spent three
years in the wilderness burning shirts
for the Sioux tribe si o ux sou IX good
job so who remembers the video that I
made a long time ago where I rode my
little brother's motorcycle in the
kitchen you remember it well now we got
a KLR 650 in the house yeah there's
still there's still a tire tread mark on
the floor from that video you should go
watch a video if you haven't seen it
I'll make it a video response to this
video it's right below my face right now
as we're speaking
I'm voguing in the rain by the beautiful
feel in them
 get in the ring hey guys I just got
done shooting the shaycarl video and now
I'm going to meet Qasim and the boys for
lunch I'm not sure we're going we're
supposed to beat them down here and it's
gonna be delicious
because I haven't eaten all day that's
like 2:30
it's raining here in Venice Beach let's
see if they're in here yes they're in
here
it's like sandpaper what how good I love
it
Bailey I speech you I'm Shea barely just
really just randomly sat at our table
the rest of our food Bailey's hungry
chowing down watch out he might need
your underwear next so that was pretty
crazy that dude I guess his name was
Bailey Danny got up to leave because he
had a meeting to go to so he left
leaving his food on the table I don't
even know where that guy came from he
just swoops in from outside or whatever
sits down and is just like hey guys
what's up starts getting the soup starts
getting the sauces pours the rice onto
the plate and just starts eating Danny's
leftover food that he didn't finish and
I'm like because I was like helping Ben
pay for the check and I'm like who is
this guy like well maybe that's Danny's
friend and Danny's like oh hey bro you
can have the rest of my food but now
it's just random guy walks in it's like
oh look at this look at this food look
at this table full of people eatin their
food I think I'll have the rest of this
dudes so it just starts eating so I get
a box cuz Katie let I told her where
we're going this mouths Chinese place
she's like Oh bring me home some so I
get a box and I'm putting the Chinese
food
Oh My heck it scared me fire truck it's
a fire truck
so I'm putting the food in the box and
the dudes like hey hey can I taste your
chicken chicken have a taste to your
chicken I gotta get over this fire truck
it's coming and I go I don't know dude
I'm sorry I got three starving kids at
home they really want this chicken I
can't I can't let you have it and then
either the guy didn't even look like a
bomb or anything he just looked like a
normal guy who's crazy here is the fire
truck yeah and he's here all right Harry
yeah great and perfect okay cameras
ready rolling and action
go cut and one more time when we do that
for a second looking ready to camp okay
and then leap at the camera like you're
like you're gonna heart I love you like
whatever okay cameras ready one and
that's good huh getting ready to hock
this looky this exchange space all over
my face I can't wait I'm excited it's
jelly belly
hold it up I made this other stuff this
gak yeah - solid took me forever to make
it plus I haven't had me some puddin in
a long time and the reason is pudding
instead and and I can't wait to
explosion Oliver well thank you for
using that terminology you love that
makes me feel much better and people are
gonna think that you beat me to it
because boys gasp boys coffee drink
Carl's footage hates Bober now this is
my life oh my god extra me drinking like
champagne at YouTube why and what was
like who are you champagne he's got his
grape juice no when I was growing up in
Phoenix there's a show called the
wallace and ladmo show like really tall
guy in this short guy it was like really
obnoxious
woloson my poster
do something do something
so all this week we've been introducing
new comedy bits that aren't so easy as
they are from house
by the original master recording of the
Rolling Stones satisfaction
Beauty cost NBC 1.5 million great new
purchase 2009 Kentucky Derby winner mine
that bird wearing on me no bends in the
film this I'm gonna try to put all four
of these guys on my back okay
oh okay
all four of them are gonna get on my
back well here we go what here we go
and then I threw up my spleen sure you
forgot to stretch
