okay children for this Valentine's Day
evening we have prepared something very
delectable and romantic for you are you
prepared for your dinner yes okay follow
me please follow me to your table it's
the first steps teleportation are you
ready
look at this what is going on here are
you okay I love my wife you can't go
overboard on your love's day I got you
that lady Valentine's Day outfit you
have on
Gavin's doing a book report on
Stonehenge looking up research yeah yeah
what is it are you old enough for that
yeah you sure
so you starting to read this is this the
very first one yeah oh snap some charts
start and Harry Potter
I'm tired tell me what your friends were
saying about the sugar
thing so like um one of the age like
cookies and they gave Holly pop what do
you think you're gonna get that so
they're like mock they're like eating it
in your face trying to tempt you to
those aren't true friend for your name
yours Tron oh cool Tron the tiger Oh
brothers that we are having the
Valentine's there we have it every
single year I let them through their own
hair and bring their own outfits all
because they love to do that do you like
it there you go no you have to do the
winner's trophy don't you what work hard
that's right all right go out there and
have fun don't forget to work hard -
there she goes
so frigatebirds why do you have a black
guy and then how it happened when you to
the back foot look at you look so pretty
I decided to be on one side cause I'll
be talking about crap for next month
because next month all the papers will
be bye
so the whole March we can't go on this
area right now all right get your
supplies all right breakfast tarde what
are you gonna name yours well that's
pretty original okay I guess that means
it's just what was it baby turd who
started that
sister Emmy with the bites
coming to visit daddy a word I'm getting
this from a teacher did you not for your
Tyson love topic David I just said I
like these hearts I'll show you one of
those hearts for mommy yeah those are
just plastic arts she wants the real
gems this is a cover for another dress
that she has matched with this purple
lavender outfit she looks great
those colorful rainbow socks may be
tired what do you name yours Genovia
okay dude this is all you man did you
have a good Valentine's Day look who I
just saw running by a little boy playing
with a store where did you get this
happy Valentine's Day
did you get a present today where's your
Valentine's Day present oh you get
pretty start hey that's not yours
sorry
how's that dessert buddy
that's called chocolate not all schlitt
no okay
there's yep click rock card gets 1ud
footage your tray yeah get some more
finished I'm kind of bored nothing much
to do
I found Cupid Colette this baby thanks
sister
I'm gonna happy mood now he's like I
don't know who trusted me with two
suckers but I'm not complaining I got
two suckers yeah no don't hurt mommy
just go hurt the box
you ready get something for daddy oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah baby
all right dogs part of town
thank you all right they love me it's
official you're fed and you love me
don't you
Zeke seat miss breakfast see you later
guys I'll be here watching the house all
right that's a wrap on Valentine's
dinner all right let's go home and punch
some puppies and babies that's a wrap
rock garden where are you going you can
go in the closet okay bye Wow see you
later I can handle the monkey bars and I
can handle the highway watch my new
video Punk's makes a new sidewalk five
days a fly your mom they do your people
Dodger they're big people feel a butt
wipe what two three a little present
 me bro keep up people yeah
what don't you shut your mouth uh-oh
where did you business oh gotta learn
the words
I hope Oh what do we got here what do we
got here what do we got here what do we
got what do we got we're gonna make roti
yeah spell ro ta and flour is spelled
with oh you not a W she was writing down
there
what do you love
she was write down the recipe last night
and she wrote four cups of flour like a
rose flower look at the flowers I bought
her for Valentine's Day before that r1
yeah we're gonna put this I went and
watched Slumdog Millionaire the other
night it was a really good movie
but anyways I used to live in Guyana
when I was twenty and watching that
movie totally reminded me totally
reminded me of when I used to live there
no I mean up and doing stuff I said so
anyways I used to eat a lot of curry and
roti if some of you might not what that
is but roti is like it's kind of like a
tortilla but it's chewy and thicker and
delicious sir
and you guys don't know what curry is
it's a spice and so you get the curried
chicken and then you you heat it with
the roti and it's like it's the best
thing ever
well we're gonna try it and we've never
made it before so we're gonna make it
right now
so basically there's flour and oil and
water and salt is that right and hot and
hotness is this turned on turn it on no
we should turn it on you got to get the
heat flowing throughout the metal turn
it on me around in my kitchen okay this
is a cheeto eating contest all right so
we're gonna make the curry and the roti
and I will get back to you I just wanted
to make a vlog here on the Shaytards
channel cuz I haven't made one in a
while so it'll be interesting I'll let
you know how it goes that's her trying
to do with a baby's accent your Mun I
okay so Shaytards out
