nothing nothing oh yeah yeah uh you guys
this really isn't the right time to be
messing around okay let's just keep our
hands on the wheel and go okay honey
when I get back to California I'm gonna
go to the beach every day yeah oh here
comes princess Todd I sure hope she had
a good day at school
hope she uh that were nice to her hi
princess tarde how was school did you
get any new creepy presents today
nothing you didn't get any pictures of
naked unicorns or anything like that
okay good
what did you draw what'd you draw hurry
I got a No
oh I love grasshoppers that's awesome
does Malachi like it well I think it's a
very fine artistic design of a
grasshopper I mean oh I don't know I've
seen better but it'll do for a
three-year-old I guess mmm looks like
it's raining
oh she's four Oh Malachi how embarrassed
he was he's so embarrassed that you
didn't know the princess card was poor
well I just simply thought that she was
a leap year baby I uh I don't want to
talk about it at this time
yeah and then now like I so embarrassed
even know your own sister's age what a
bad dog
somebody's happy because you got a
fridge damn sandwich
we got a French Dip sandwich will hey is
there one in there for a guy like me
I'd like a French Dip sandwich
preferably one what doesn't have glass
in it I was totally excited to make
mommy happy because she's like French
Dip sandwich and I'm like well let's go
over here to Baja Fresh they have some
nice healthy food she's like and there's
not a Quiznos anywhere I'm like I think
there's a Quiznos right over here she's
like no they already know honey I really
think there's a then I just drove over
here and I'm like what is that
and she says oh oh it's a Quiznos yeah
what do you talk like that by the way
that's so close the cold sore it's the
coals are talking oh hey what's up Kim
Kardashian oh but seriously guys deserty
roast beef in there for me hey there
what should I call you
I guess never realize like different
youtubers call people they watch them
different names like you got you know
CTFxC army get the defranco nation you
know ray Liam Johnson has the forum what
is I guess where Shaytards but can't you
can't you be a CTF excerpt and a
Shaytards at the same time it's not like
you to choose sides you know there are
Allied armies there's there's nations
you know and you can be allied nations
that work together that like the same
thing so I mean you could be you could
be part of the defranco nation you know
but you're also a dicot diehard
you know buckley fan I don't you know
I'm saying is just so much think about
anyways hi
I was just thinking about how stressed I
am and he was like uh yeah you're
probably really stressed that must suck
create a video camera around with you
ever do it I'll just use upload videos
you look brother you're gonna have to
get up and do stuff you don't want to
and trade your time for money and not be
with your families to lab and then
anyways that's what is one of the
comments I just was reading in one of
the comments out of the back of my head
that was on the video last week um what
am I trying to talk about okay I'm not
gonna try to tell a story how I'm gonna
get to the point that I want to talk
about why not just get right to the
point
shayloss shayloss once you guys know who
Tony Robbins is he's like the author of
mind over matter
total power I don't want anyways Tony
Robbins he talked about this thing once
in a CD that I was listening to about
and I think I've talked about it with
you guys a few times but when does
change happen what causes change to
happen and last night I'm laying in bed
and this this happen like this thought
was going through my mind right as
something else was happening okay so I'm
laying there in bed totally comfortable
it's like 3:30 in the morning I'd stayed
up so late and just like the bed that we
got here it's like really cushy and I
just lay in there and just sinking into
the bed thinking oh my gosh I am so
comfortable like it just you know what I
mean some nights you get in bed and it's
like you get giddy when you get in bed
you like get the sheets and you're like
so excited to go to sleep that it like
wakes you up like you lay in bed and
you're like oh this is gonna feel so
good and you get like giddy so it's like
it's so weird that you're getting so
excited to fall asleep it's just a swear
thing anyways so last night it was like
I was so excited to be in bed and it was
so comfortable but then as I'm laying
there thinking to myself well what is
what is gonna change me you know what do
I need to do mentally to lose this way
when is this change gonna happen and
then all sudden as I'm laying there so
comfortable in the bed I have to pee I'm
like oh dang it like you know what I
mean like you're so comfortable but you
have to pee and you don't want to get up
and you're laying there thinking time
hold this can I fall asleep and not get
up and hypee the bad I don't want to pee
the bed but I'm so comfortable I don't
want to get up there my crazy and this
only happened to me you guys know what
I'm talking about
anyways this was at that moment I'm
laying there so comfortable yet I have
to pee so bad it was this the pee was
the was the pain and laying there was
the comfort so change happens I gotta
get this right I always mix this up
change happens when the pain of the
change is greater than the pain of
staying the same so laying there in that
bed was so painless because they're so
easy and so comfortable lay there but
the pain of having to pee was getting
greater where it was like and not it was
it wasn't worth it as much when I only
had to kind of pee but as I had to
really pee it was worth putting up with
the pain of getting up so that I could
relieve the pain that was in my belly
you know I'm does that does that make
sense so there's this funny little if
you can think of it as like like a
pendulum or something where as as the
pain of something gets higher the
satisfaction of something it's like it
mixed as I get crosses in the middle so
that's when change happens and coming
back to my weight loss I I don't really
have that much pain of being fat like
I'm the big guy like it other things I
wish I could do more I wish I could jump
I mean I'm a hyper guy anyway and I'm
pretty physical you know I can do
backflips and stuff like that but
there's I want to be able to do it not
feeling like I'm gonna die but I don't
feel like that all the time but what I
do feel like all the time is eating
delicious food so do you see where that
that I haven't really though to ends of
the pendulum haven't really met yet
because it's like you know what I really
don't really get that much pain from
being fat maybe I will later but and I
don't that's like my that sound like am
I really that fat like I can lift people
over my head I can do stuff and and so
it's like to have to not you know and I
only feel that way every once in a while
like I was saying so the pain of the
actual I can't eat the food that
think about everyday all day long it
hasn't reached that yet
so I need a motivation so that's what
I'm thinking because like okay well I
know as you know as I look in this from
an outside perspective I know I want to
lose weight but I just need more
motivation because I don't feel
motivated to change anyways these are
just slots in the van on the ride home
from work I was just at the office so I
just thought I'd talk to you is about
that when does change happened think
about it it could be anything it doesn't
have to be weight-loss it could be
anything in your life winner you're
gonna finally get up and be tired of
being broke and go get a job we're when
are you gonna finally quit getting bad
grades in school what is that change
gonna happen it's always this balance I
don't know it's it's like its life
anyways what do you want to do I'm glad
your bike well mommy tard I did tell him
he could ride his bike guess what son
tard looks like I'm gonna honor my word
I'm gonna fulfill what I said that I
would do to you okay okay you know you
just got a little extra say on your
little B's hat or to t4 I'm plugger than
everybody in the world
Scott J Carly yes ma'am
well sure why not you know what I always
say if it's fun with one let's do it
with another one
don't I always say that honey yeah so
that's why that's why I have tattooed on
the inside of my thigh right here so
let's do it makes it start that was
amazing wasn't that cool what happened
tell the camera so people don't think
I'm lying to him
no come in you're my alibi okay princess
are just say what happened outside light
the power the power okay that was my
alibi so you guys don't be like whatever
sure that's it scientifically impossible
well it's obviously not okay so we're
standing out here and the giant
lightning lit up the sky and it was like
you know how lightning flashes it's like
it was like boom boom boom like it's
like a rhythm you know like the
lightning flash through the sky and so I
was standing here literally right here
on the edge of the garage and the edge
of the outside and the lights in the sky
lit up
and the lights in the house went black
and then the lights in the house came on
and the Lightning went away but then the
Lightning came back and the lights in
the house went off it was like flicker
it was like and me and Britta started
were standing here and it was like light
dark light dark it was flashing back and
forth it was crazy
it's crazy I think I just sign of the
future oh it's a great future Oh Paula
Abdul ones of killing Simon Cowell huh
interesting
very interesting I'll beat dargis war
mommy god you're sore get in here young
lady right now get in here you listen
listen no listen I want you cross your
heart hope to die
your children's souls on the look at
these faces these are the faces of your
creations if you lie now these faces
will be wiped out
did you say no she said she came in the
garage and she oh I need your help with
this dog food no you're like oh crap I
need your help with this
that's what it was on my children smile
right now don't cry you know laughing
are you screaming in pain
tell us boy are you pirates are re not
the Pirates Davy Jones locker must and
then son Todd bit off my thumb don't
