hi I'm log in here hey dudes and
dudettes what's going on it is a
blustery day in Venice Beach look at the
palm trees as princes tartan calls and
look at the beach trees blowing in the
wind shooting all day with these homies
this guy's the director he's coming to
yell at me right now what do you want we
would like you to okay I gotta go oh hi
we're just sitting here in the car we're
at Ross number two because we wanted to
target and we went to Ross and now we're
in another Ross to see if they have any
umbrellas because everywhere else is
sold out there are no umbrellas because
it's been raining like this for days and
days and days when it's flooding and
it's kind of exciting so yeah we just
went bought some candles just in case
the power goes out because last time it
rained like this the power went out and
we are just so prepared are we so
prepared we would be even more prepared
if we had umbrellas so let's go see if
they have umbrellas you ready okay well
my face is all wet and so is my hair so
no strike three no umbrella by the way
this growth on my face cold sore does
Shay have one - mm-hmm does that mean we
kiss no you're doing so good today
awesome
Cassidy did so good today hey thank you
five great acting you must be an actor
did you go to school you know I only
went for eight years
six you can really tell Lisa you need to
work on it who's that anyways we have
been filming all day long Ben how you
feeling bud I'm feeling great you're
right what everybody's good I'm going
good I've been you know I'm professional
fully committed I'm good to go playing a
doctor doctor that's good okay so I just
got home we just got home we're all wet
because they don't have an umbrella pick
up son tard and I was cooking a roast
for dinner I come in at smells delicious
I come over to check on it and look what
happened I've never ever seen this
before
look at my lid to my crock pot it's
shattered that is not like Steen that's
shattered glass what the heck
never seen that happen before
why did that happen because we obviously
can't eat it now if I try to take the
lid off it's gonna fall in
yeah there's already glass in it there's
no way we can eat it it smells really
good by the way
look at this it's show sorry about the
steam oh did I get lots of new I'm sorry
sir okay watch out you guys back up back
up
so looks like we're not having roast
tonight okay Oh guys I'm so bummed
because this is one of my pregnant
cravings is a roast beef sandwich and I
don't
all right let's see your trick you did
do something special for us what's he
gonna be whoo she was climbing up on the
couch honey and she's like okay here I
go be careful then she goes by a baby
then she jumps on the couch yourself you
see you do a trick can you do a
front-flip Oh baby tart now is going to
attempt it than ever before done couch
art and front flip go well baby tard go
in peace whoo okay this is the suicide
fall of death baby tart is about to
perform
give me five dude it's sweet you rock
ready go get on your noble steed and
ride into the sunset and TuneIn turned
underdog baby Tardos gonna save our day
on a Great Dane named Malachi she will
save everybody from all the evil in the
world okay let's see your item oh great
here's the big guy with the camera again
has to come do some stupid thing when
I'm trying to rest on my nice new rug
that Mommy tart bought for me thanks
mommy tar for picking that regular the
right
or whatever it's called I don't know
good this kid off my back seriously you
think I like this you think I like being
a novelty huh
like don't now I have a right mind to
just run out of here right now
I'm just gonna cross my legs and just
look at the floor oh look at those
patterns are so beautiful kick your wild
steed into motion baby tarde say yeah
yeah boy yeah you guys are some dynamic
duo aren't you oh like the remains of a
dead cow awesome
I wonder who likes the remains of dead
cows let's go see let's go see who likes
the remains of a dead cow hey oh well
hmm that might be interesting I might
take you up on that their daddy tard
okay well yeah that's okay let them pick
it up not on the new carpet going down
good boy
oh no I'm Yoda Malachi boys I'm Yoda Kai
I'm Yoda Kai
thanks daddy delicious this is Egypt now
I will dead cow love I yes I do there
were no cows harmed in the making of
this video except for the one that we
