here comes the rain again all in the my
head like a memo read there was just the
biggest Thunder burst ever it shook the
ground it was like 3:30 in the morning
not so insane name something like ghost
town on this rainy and snowy night for
hair shooting Michael Michael
hello how's it going it's two ladies hi
hi hi you ready
get your lines down you nervous okay
there we go
it is a challenges well I thought it was
cute it's cute
BRB we're eating fresh at Subway mommy
guards fixing the table because it's
wobbly so momma turns like I'll fix it
it's such a man okay I think this is the
first for me we just picked up princess
tired of school hey by the way if you
guys want one of these shirts you can
get one at snore duties look at it look
at the tag real quick just stay on their
where they're from I think it's gnorga
T's they're American Apparel shirts
gorgeous I think I'll check but look at
snork T's not completely the same bro
they got a lot of cool shirts
anyways we just picked up princess chard
from school and this is a little weird
what did for the start yet from small
the girls in her class got a gift from
the counselor underwear underwear that
is weird is that weird do schools give
out underwear now as gifts it has all
the days of the week on it says Monday
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday maybe they're
having a problem with some of the kids
like wearing dirty underwear or
something and so maybe it's like this
way they're trying to teach the kids
like you need to wear a different pair
of underwear every day here's seven pair
one for each day of the week and be sure
to watch them after you I don't know
what white why would they do that
that just seems weird to me I don't hear
preschoolers here's seven panties for
you you guys getting stripper pole
lessons next week I don't know that's
weird what I do anything I can think of
is they're trying to teach them hygiene
or something like that
I don't know but I am gonna tell you
what I feel gypped cuz I never got any
g-strings when I was in kindergarten
ever what it is coming down hey hurry
put this over your head Cup on head
hurry go go Sonny's gonna drown so hard
and there's this gigantic puddle over
there what's up what are you gonna show
us the new underwear your principal gave
you yep pretty creepy you're not gonna
be wearing those you know we're gonna
burn them when we get home okay we won't
hurt him
Sun just came out but it's still raining
that's so crazy it's rainy son I love
the rainy Sun pretty stark just goes is
it summertime now sometimes the clouds
move in and the Sun comes out but it's
still raining weird weird weather here
they come smashing through the puddles
hey you soaking wet there's like a river
you jump over the river mom you know
weird it's like sunny now
yeah that is definitely a good thing
what's going on son tard I was school it
was bad why did you get underwear No
Britta's dergah underwear she had a good
day oh sorry it's a surprise what
happened I was gonna do a trick and then
my friends will skip my wake and then
you let me traps a nice fall down and
hit really hard ok did you suffer a
concussion
you didn't what's your name son tard how
old are you
what's five plus five what's three plus
three what's three plus three hurry okay
where do something okay I want you to
get out of the van and film me driving
through this puddle oh I want to do it
here we go
we're gonna do a feat that has never
been done before the shaycarl puddle
drive ready
good thing I was standing over here hey
guys what's going on I'm just getting
home from a meet me Tonio's like to turn
words into Spanish that all right wait
well I mean there is meeting in Spanish
but I meant that's right okay anyways
just having a little moment of
reflection and just having a realization
that mom back in Los Angeles and it's
like weird like LA it's like the big
city you know we're just
Cassin was just look on this computer
about the 10 worst commutes in the world
and Hollywood traffic on the Hollywood
Freeway or whatever was like number one
anyways we're trying to say is like it's
so cool that I can be here just
experience this like I'm from Idaho you
know what I'm saying so it's like you
know LA was like oh the big city you go
to the big city you know I don't feel
that way but I've just been cool to make
be able to have these experiences and to
be able to like do this kind of stuff so
and I just thought man this is so crazy
what we're doing and like I just like we
have such a relationship with all you
guys like you guys know that we all
wanted a boy and it's a boy and we're
waiting we're gonna have to move back to
Idaho and you guys are kind of in on the
decision like oh it's gonna be the best
what's gonna be the best you know for
money-wise and what's to be best for the
kids and it's I get it doesn't hit me
very often just a lot of times I'm just
like I'm an idiot on the camera whatever
I'm just throwing stuff up and but
sometimes I realize it's like how this
like this huge relationship with you
guys and it's anyways I don't know this
might even probably make I probably even
put this in the vlog I just like saying
if I'm like that's dumb
that that's like soft and stuff that's
like cuddly talk I don't want to do that
so I I might not even put this egg cuz
it's it's that anyways okay uh I'm gonna
get some in store kay bye
what's your problem you noob
can feel okay when we left when we left
go to Idaho we put a lock that's too
close you know we put a lock on the door
and it's a combination so I said mom we
talked about here and tell me the
combination and she yelled the
combination and I was like Shh
our neighbors are gonna hear us so then
she comes over and she's whispering the
combination to me I still can't get it
right then Hey yeah she's let's bring
the combination and so then she walks
away and we're just kind of joking and
Centaurs like dad why do we have to
whisper because we don't want our
neighbors our combination they get into
our house okay like yeah that makes
sense so the baby turn comes running up
it's like dad
the Thunder goes bigger shape in their
moments but it was the funniest thing
I've heard in the last 17 days all right
um all my very funny things documented
to the hour well I mean these are these
are the top five you know these are like
you know like oh I got it red alert
funny things and that was one okay now
some sergeant go writers bikes yeah you
do do you ready okay it is 9:30 at night
and we do realize that we are in a dark
alleyway but we just realized that Sun
tarde got this spiffy spankin brand new
bike for crit fur not blows it for your
birthday and he hasn't even written it
yet so we need to come out here baby
it's hard go back in there baby hurts
came out so we need to let you see if
you can write it k ready go you haven't
ridden a bike for a month and a half now
go dude look at styling we are now
tracking son Johnny as he's riding his
bike in the alleyway doing a spectacular
job on the nice awesome radical red
cruiser I just made that name up the
skater for 10 minutes oh well excuse me
I know
dude we saw it we saw it in all its
glory blazing down the dark alleyway
there was no fear in your eyes
whatsoever you were a man of purpose
you're someone who was out to get the
world you were in
conquer nations with that bike and we
saw all of it
