right in here the desert of Las Vegas
desert mountain fortress
really is free such a contrast oh
because I'm me
but it reads have a big thanks for
coming out right all right scrappy on me
putting a cop trap dress the cops are
gonna get us do we have any fresh fruits
or vegetables they're gonna ask us if we
have any fresh fruits or vegetable easy
Krispy Kreme they're not stopping
anybody just letting us through hoping
stopping me
nope thank you
sucker got an apple in my pants where is
that a banana zing welcome back to
California she doing there
you got your sunflower seed cups and
your squeaky windshield wipers why why
do so many people have to live here
we're not even word is adding to the
problem or deciding to we're moving back
there's too many people here we're
leavin G we're not even in LA yeah honey
we're 79 or 80 miles outside of LA and
check out this parking lot they like to
call it freeway no yeah we're there were
there but we won't be there till three
hours from now we could walk faster than
we're driving Sunday you want to get out
and walk that's all right yeah well
we'll get there you have to give me a
piggyback at least we're not in a horse
and a cupboard cart this one Haiti
covered wagon lease we didn't live at
least we're not neat so we should thank
our lucky stars Hey but good news
they're finding a lot of people
you threw water all over me I had
nothing to defend myself with what's in
your hair where's the lotion I'm driving
here
ha
this is what we do to keep ourselves
awake so bored grow up there start up
moisturized
at least we're moving moisturizer
wrinkle
the traffic over there
everybody seems so famous I wonder if
I'll even make it when I jumped in the
taxicab and a dr. Drake song was on and
a dr. K song was on here and every cent
they like yeah yeah
do you like that when you're in LA
something like that
your battery's dying hey hey guys look
come back in California right my bike oh
man all right it's time to get this
shayloss thing started right really
slacked off this month month of January
is almost over
wasted time wasted energy sittin sitting
in a computer too much we're gonna get
it started
it's alright the bike onto the beach
boogie boardin doing all kinds of stuff
so weird it feels weird to be back in
California Austin been gone for a month
he'll believe we're gone for a month
that's crazy
anyways I'm gonna be here for two months
we're gonna hit it hard take advantage
of the good weather the ocean the breeze
the sand now I'm going home to watch my
big-screen TV cuz I've missed it last
night
Oh missed you so much
all 52 inches
