hi I'm log in here okay what's up guys
hey oh I just went to the post office
and made a ton of people hate our guts
it was so bad there was people just
lining up lining up and it was like the
most overseas like the ones that are
stateside they just dumped into a big
barrel ship mouth but the ones that go
overseas they have to fill out a customs
form some lady has to go through each
one of them and the line got huge I can
see it the people's faces they're like
oh look at this guy thinks we can ship
everything across the world on a
Saturday what a loser
they just feel their stares in the back
of my head like I'm gonna murder you but
we're back we're packing up the van
we're getting ready to go back to LA so
it's me a crazy day here we go it's
ready to go to California he's excited
where we going tonight Las Vegas baby
what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
California baby drugs gonna get her
party on tonight at Planet Hollywood all
good
PHA MoU with everybody's paid to you
know you whisps up guys so this is crazy
this is the exact same gas station that
we filled up our van eight months ago to
move to California this time we don't
have a u-haul we had a u-haul trailer
with us last time we're headed headed to
California and it was a scary prospect I
was nervous was like here we go moving
my wife and three kids Los Angeles on a
whim on a dream on a hope and you're
still alive so that's good but right at
the back tire on two months but looked
but I'm excited
Wow okay I'm gonna take this Apple and
I'm going to chuck it out the window and
I'm gonna try to throw it really fast
right in front of us
Oh
he looked at me like that crazy guy
throw the Apple I've been gone before
whereas one like 80 miles an hour
I think faster than that probably more
like 230 miles
anyways I chucked it all the way as hard
as I could and went out because I was
going so fast and like floating in the
air for a minute and then it came back
and attacked the window it was one of
the coolest things I've ever had in my
life it was the point I was are you
lying
no I don't lie this was awesome so Carol
fed it happened what little shake Carl
fed know why would make something like
that up
it makes the paper there yet sounds
really cool it is cool that's why I'm
telling you about it that's why it was
awesome give me that what do you guys do
it counting baby Tarts toes oh mama does
she have so I know that the piggy took
one to the market yep that one back yet
we're gonna be there
we get there it's gonna be another five
hours
oh man you know we've been in the car
for hours just to give it this way we're
not even halfway there we've been in the
car for four hours
oh that's a great way to look at it
that's depressing courage yes Prince is
tarde what's up what are you doing up
there
such a crazy monkey let's see you you
jump off there's Malachi hi he wants to
go inside baby charge baby heard said
she wants to ride into Vegas like Teen
Wolf she wanna be a Teen Wolf too
let's see you guys be like Teen Wolf can
you surf let's see you surf let's go
surfing now everybody's surfing now come
on Anna Safari with me - dude baby tiger
you jump - mommy
jump jump jump it's pretty wussy this is
pretty wussy jump
we've been working on some baby names as
we've been driving and princes are just
came up with three new ones what do you
think Khloe what are the other ones you
said there's Malachi in the background
well you guys never take any of my
suggestions
I think Maximus is a very fine name one
of my great-grandfather
in fact you know what I'll just lay down
back here I have to take this from you
guys see if you hear from me from the
rest of the trip sunshine what do you
think we should name him
Rach I actually really like that mommy
doesn't like rock but I think that'd be
a cool name rock
what are hers Liffey Orpha and what was
the other one Julia Julia Liffey or for
feeling they were Liffey or Foe philia
Carl forgot about that so we're still
thinking of names even love Vegas Viva
Las Vegas we're here excited
I mean I'll give you one of those famous
toosh massages I'm known for
oh yeah world famous I mean well which
way should we turn either hotel are you
excited yeah nice tree those are called
palm trees where are we staying guys
know where we're staying
you know what hotel we're gonna stay in
what's hotel a big line you say no only
one can you say pH Vegas is all good in
the hood dogs say that just like that
PHA
yeah that's what were there maybe after
I've given you my world-famous about
massage we should go to that huh look at
his eyes are huge lights everywhere oh
my goodness the carbon footprint on this
place must be humongous seriously people
what about global warming look at
there's lights everywhere all this is
alright oh I am disgusted right now I'm
lying I'm lying down I can't even look
oh I'm out of here people people they're
careless ways about the world
Oh III oughtta bite all their testicles
off okay guys Malakai just complain and
you know him sorry Malachi they're all
so mad at us sorry welcome to Vegas I
wish we got that on camera this old guy
like that's what she's talking about oh
yeah the camera for dischargeable
there's a lady dancing in that window
naked there's a silhouette picture of
her as old people beat us up we turned
around in this thing and this old guy
about freaked out because we were like
trying to get in front of him he's like
no no
1:11 honkers are going I always whenever
anybody is mad at me in his honking at
me io is just like so we're headed into
the hotel and che has to keep his
computer open because he's compressing
his video for you guys so it's coming
what do we just see soft sand girls
taking some pictures what'd you say we
just want why some girls in some very
short skirts and Princess articles dad
those girls are naked and their girls
like start cracking up I was like just
kind of close they like to wear that's
all I like I like wouldn't you carry the
suitcase that's a lot easier looking at
top things blue everything's blue Wow
dining-room table oh good you know why I
wanted to have a conference here bored
maybe 10 minutes everybody around the
table you got it we're gonna get our
bridges our numbers up this quarter is
where I'm sitting at this end of the
table and you all better be listening
because we're gonna get our numbers up
ok let's check out the place
loving this ago is that we're gonna do
your makeup
that's your makeup spots now check this
shower out I am so gonna get naked in
this shower I'm neither joking this time
a hundred percent naked I'm gonna get in
that shower and this tub oh I have the
perfect g-string picked out for this tub
was this same one day only a Planet
Hollywood do you think you love it it's
nice
well you guys can sleep in here what do
you think this is bigger than our living
room at home huh yeah yeah you guys can
sleep on this bed there's there's the
bar make some cocktails and no one
sleeps so we finished the Johnson file
