hi I'm logging here okay we're here at
the laundromat we got a big blanket me
after wash I was up we got
Malachi's bedding that needs to be
washed before we take it in the car so
here we are
laundry matting because his bed won't
fit in my washing my walk wash washing
machine I look like Santa Claus frizzy
turn it is heavy que keep holding that
way keep going she ready princess start
you want to do all right here we go here
at the water match playing Jurassic Park
are you gonna get money for winning
that'd be nice
no you just get to play hit point get
all those points you got how do you feel
now I will you won yes you feel good hey
try playing this warm that'd be nice
love am I gonna get money right here now
we want to win money only in Vegas kids
sometimes yeah if you're lucky
oh not exciting but didn't you just use
your quarters on on the little pinball
machine
you do start they get to choose right
take you how about I get one I'll share
it with you know what
now you're getting selfish you want more
money just hey we have to make sure we
have enough for laundry first okay right
left oh wait wait a minute let me come
back here from Becker show me show me
what you did when I said we have to wait
wait
Brady Florida yeah what problem
good answer
hey please you're right you're right
I had a lot of work Carly hi hi my dad
read my book
undaunted I've been reading it for like
you learned how to read mom I just look
at the pictures cool otherwise hey guys
to tell you something got some bad news
I just found out I have to go in for
surgery
so I'm headed to the doctor now to get
surgery hey nurse this isn't the first
time we've ended nice to meet you my
name is Shay Carl oh please be and just
be prepared
please be soft is love there is no mercy
would you like to explain today's
procedure well we're gonna chop stuff
off your neck oh I'm gonna say chop
other stuff up Laurita babbit
this friend area I think this is Fred
right here yeah see that one's Fred
think you're just gonna cross people
this is a noon I know you guys this is
gross
well this is my life do you want to see
it or not it's part of my life and if
you don't like you then you just let's
name him
alexander van Hooten de ser de
al-jazeera
that's his name okay don't forget it
you get you guys don't forget that name
cut it off
let's do this I'm ready awesome do I
have to hold the camera and get this
noise y'all know under our although
freaked out because I did it with nail
clippers I'm doing it again but this
time I
have sterilized wash and sterilize the
first you bump into the ceiling which
has to be washed and sterilized you
don't get nothing
you lose good day sir I think I won I
haven't completely right are you ready
my way oh I was just too nervous at this
part when we will wait just tell me that
you love me before you do it I love you
Oh kiss it kiss it kiss it before you oh
it's gross it's gonna eat it oh sorry
you ate the hamburger off my neck
OSHA's what a good dude that hurts so
much worse than the last one
well I just went for it oh that one hurt
a lot worse oh my god
there was no anesthetic kiss it better
again lick it
I'm dirty lookit look at you go to the
beach every day for the rest of the time
that you live in Venice Beach I hung
that on my wall cuz that's my goal when
we get back and I said it in the video
yesterday or two days ago I'm gonna go
to the beach not every day because
that's a little ridiculous but I'm gonna
go to the beach six days a week well I
can't go every day six days a week
Monday through Saturday I'm gonna be at
the beach on Venice Beach doing
something and I just got the most
brilliant idea that I think I've ever
had and Mama tarde won't let me do it
would you like to answer these
allegations of you not letting me
fulfill my dreams um yes okay go ahead
um you're not gonna fulfill your dream
here's what I want to do guys if I was
not prego
yeah you were you pursuing let me do it
here's what I want to do oh you would
yeah maybe after you have the baby
no then cuz I think I have four kids
would it be
oh no oh why do we have to have those
stupid kids Oh are we thinking here's my
idea you guys I want to do a documentary
on Venice Beach Venice Beach people come
from around the world to see us the way
you're making it sounds like everybody
does stuff like that
what are you know okay I'm getting there
Chilam this is a build-up process even
on a vlog anyway spit it out jr. I okay
I'll just tell you guys right now and
then I'll give you some details I want
to live on Venice Beach for 30 days
unassisted no cell phone no credit card
no money no I don't you know I don't
have credit cards nope I mean that was
whatever no money at all
no debit cards no maybe a little
assistance from people I knew no no no
no no I would say totally unassisted I
kinda think I think it would be so cool
to do a documentary of me living on
Venice Beach for 30 days with no
assistance Oh other than people walking
by and being like hey fat dude but what
about like so would we just not come see
you visit you guys couldn't see me I
think I would have our time can you see
you and not bring you yeah that was a
family yeah like it my wife to bring me
a sandwich I love you bring me a
sandwich so I don't know what do you
guys think I think it'd be so cool like
it that's how I am I've always been like
what if I'm gonna be cool to try that to
see if you could do it like you know you
could get you could take with you a one
backpack full of stuff like a big you
know like a hiking backpack you can
bring a coat whatever you can carry on
your back you know what you would have
you would have all your electronics
because you have to have them I know
that would be hard I would get stolen
load be hard we're sleeping but like you
can bring a co and a sleeping bag and I
would just like to try it and then film
it of course we'd have to film it we'd
have somebody I would need a cameraman
or maybe I could do it by myself
like like those guys do like you should
have a man during the day and then I'd
sleep at night but anyways I basically
would say I would make out okay from
here like to the Santa Monica Pier to
Venice Beach I can only be in that like
you know 10 square mile radius for 30
days and just get to know it you know
get to know the lay of the land get to
know the people get to know the culture
and like what's the underground things
that people don't know about and just I
think that'd be awesome what do you guys
think we got a we got a talked mommy get
kicked out what do you mean people live
there all the time yeah but I bet they
like around well of course I'll move
around you know
I'll run onto the ocean I'll run into
the ocean naked if a cops chasing I like
I'm getting that gear out of the ocean
you can't catch me
yeah I would stink I would stink well no
they got showers and I would go in the
ocean and wash off anyways watching
these are the kind of ideas that I have
that I just want to do I want to try I
want to be like that I'm sure all of you
I want to build through I know I want to
upload it to YouTube
and I just want to do it but the only
thing that sucks it's like oh yeah I
have four kids and my wife and I can put
the kids to bed every night blah blah
ball and chain so uh what do you guys
want to do it and film it for me
whatever honey please let me do it
you'll let me do it do it you'll let me
do it do it listen what if we got a big
sponsor what do we got a big sponsor and
we got a ton of money I buy you some
jewelry or something and then I would
like I would take three months oh yeah
are you gonna buy me a babysitter for
the whole finger crime Oh get a nanny
Oh hire a nanny oh you guys that would
be so cool when you think that'd be cool
