hi I'm log in here it's 9:00 in the
morning and it's been another sleepless
night kids just woken up oh god what's
going on yeah I think so
what's what you having for breakfast oh
yeah I like that oh your toes pretty who
did those for you
who did your toes yeah they're really
pretty I like him Carly did them good
you look so pretty look she did mine too
oh she didn't do mine
so hey what's going down downtown
dirty brown I just haven't slept again I
just stayed up all night and you should
work on these shirts got a huge bin of
them today a bin and a box it's been a
pleasure it's been a pleasure getting to
know you and running down your addresses
Oh help me hey Carl I'm a guy needs
sleeve and I'm grumpy my glasses are
pretty doesn't that make you feel
wonderful does it make you feel like a
natural woman I think it does make me
feel a little bit more glamorous but I
don't want to talk to anybody I'm a
grumpy Grouch it feels kind of glamorous
I think they're scared I think they're
all scared
don't look at me
okay so we've been working what is that
oh that scared me
myself this sticker right here on this
chair I thought it was like you it's a
very sticker not you ain't mascara
let's see what dad's doing so yeah oh hi
what are you doing
can you tell our kids need attention
zone I just found I just found Katie
she's an extra-large Howard she lives in
New Jersey New Jersey you need your fist
pumping Katie can't even New Jersey you
get an extra large yeah I'm about to
print the shipping label right now Katie
New Jersey I'm gonna I'm gonna send out
a fist bump
Katie New Jersey just get an extra Lodge
I already have a receding hairline to
analyze my dreams he says it's like a
sex that's bringing me down yes I went
to a Spore she says
sometimes my mind plays tricks on me it
all keeps adding up I think I'm cracking
ha ha ha am I just paralyzed or am I
just stoned man I said am I just stoned
yeah don't oh that was uncalled for
you see this finger it's Gordon oh I
swear I will slap you give me how yeah
thank you from all these people see
these people this neurotic to the bone
no doubt about it
it
