look mommy we have a new avatar baby so
pretty this is some pretty blue eye
shadow avatar - baby it's toothpaste
that's what I just did
so I'm walking to the door right but it
was shot and it was locked
I'm walking to the door and I go like
this but it did not lock what are they
gonna make key fobs for house doors geez
get in the van you Chiki bum liquor what
you look at my bum Chiki bum liquor all
right here's what we're doing we are
delivering another giant parcel of beard
turd shirts to the post office right
dawg straight trippin fool G thugged-out
with the gangstas twist CDs acid are say
I respect my mother and I appreciate the
laws of the land that's not that's not
gangster talk that is okay guys you're
gonna have to have Paul apologize you're
gonna have to apologize to me you got
that you have to apologize to me because
these next couple days the videos are
not gonna be very long see you guys
better start apologizing right now wait
no reverse that I'm apologizing to you
what have we been doing for the last two
nights till 3:00 in the morning monitor
was it 400 is 4 in the morning last
night what have we been doing
these t-shirts we have been tracking
down hunting stalking if you will to
find the owner of the shirt to the
address to the size - exactly it's my
fault it's my fault when I shaved the
beard I was like oh man I promise I'll
get these beard beard tired shirts up
and I don't have him up and so I tried
to start an eBay account really quick
and mine wasn't working so Charles
Trippy I called him I'm like dude cut
you sure you pay account he's like no
problem so Charles set it up for me and
it was literally like minutes before I
went live to shave my beard
we got the beard turd shirts online on
eBay we didn't set it up right where we
didn't ask for sizes there wasn't a
place to do a size so almost 60% of the
orders that we got did not have a size
on them so then were like hey guys we
need your sizes so we started getting
all these emails on my hotmail account
on the eBay account through her gmail
account on PayPal it is it's like and
every time you find one it's like oh
there's names that we've been searching
for forever that we find we're like yeah
we have a member - and she is
surprisingly has such a good memory with
things like that numbers and names and
like little minut stuff that doesn't
matter in the world she can remember
like that but when I'm like that one
time we're in the mountains and there
was that one song on and the breeze blew
just the right way and you felt that
since your love for me remember that and
she's like no but I can tell you the
social security number of every one of
our kids anyway so long story short it
has been a clerical nightmare getting
these shirts out and we still have feels
like so many more to do so if you did
order a shirt and you haven't gotten it
yet we're gonna mail a bunch right now
please be patient I should have set this
up a lot better it was it was horrible
so anyways what I'm trying to say
is that that's what we've been doing
last two days is sitting at the
computers printing off labels wrapping
them up we haven't been doing anything
the kids hate us they've been running
around princess tardy comes in yesterday
goes mom so that's what we've been doing
and we got to get we're going back to
California we've trying to decide Friday
or Saturday we'll probably Saturday
mommy guard wants to get back because
she's like the kids need an education
they're missing school wha preschool and
kindergarten I could pass out with my
pinky tied behind my back you just
dropped out cuz there was no parking
didn't you drive her to kindergarten cuz
there's no parking plus your heart game
wasn't any hot chicks in what Hey look
there's punches in the backseat I gotta
watch what I say
okay see you bye
it's gonna start real for real for Nia
because I have set a goal to go to the
beach every day and to either boogie
board run definitely run you guys here
never gonna see so we work out as hard
as I'm in the merge I know there is no
afraid to learn something I do it I
don't ever say anything online if I
don't do it now I might not go every day
you might have to say my name like six
days a week Sunday Sunday
you just relax but honestly I would say
I'm gonna say well no cuz I'm not gonna
relax my on the beach having a boogie
board I'm gonna run I'm gonna throw sea
lions I'm gonna punch bones that are
sleeping on the beach I mean everything
I'm working my bunny the month of
February is gonna be kick butt exercise
kick or we are sitting quarters month is
that that's what it's gonna be February
according to a recent survey scientists
have found that shaycarl beard torn
shirts make you 33% cooler
