hi I'm logging here good morning you
guys would you believe that it is 9:30
in the morning that I have yet to
slumber in this day I have basically
stayed up all night long at about 7:00
in the a.m. I thought wow I feel really
dirty oh look it's 7:00 in the morning I
should take a shower so I jump in the
shower by the time I got out of the
shower you know I kind of relaxed in
there with 7:30 ish and I just thought
the Sun's up I'm gonna stay up I'm just
gonna go I'm not gonna stop I'm gonna
keep going I'm awake I might as well and
I feel great I'm gonna crash obviously
here in the next two to three hours but
today is a big day and so I can't crash
until at least after 1 o'clock you know
why because today is the day that we
find out what number 4 is and maybe
subconsciously that's why I'm still
awake because I'm a little nervous maybe
I'm nervous I don't know I want a boy
I'm gonna say it right now I'm gonna say
it right now yeah you know I'm gonna
risk being wrong I'm gonna risk happen
to say that's cool another girl's fine
three girls that's great what a blessing
I'm willing to say that I want a boy
right now and we're gonna find out today
if we're having a boy or a girl
if it's a boy I'm super that's what I
want I want a boy not gonna lie to you
guys
I want another I want another boy but if
it's another girl that's fine it doesn't
matter anyways I'm we're a thing I'm a
little delirious because like I said
I've been up all night where am I going
right now I'm going to the mall at 9:30
who goes to the mall at 9:30 on a
Tuesday shaycarl des hommes one cuz I'm
delirious I've been up all night and to
because I want to go it again I want to
go get a new book by an author
um by the name of Thomas J Stanley if
you don't know who he is he is a writer
of a book called The Millionaire Next
Door it has sold over 2 million copies
huge
success this book what is the
millionaire next door it's a book about
money
of all things money what does that mean
The Millionaire Next Door basically what
the book talks about is that there are
millionaires living all around you your
next-door neighbor could be a
millionaire and I know you're in second
Shay
well my next-door neighbor drives a
Honda Accord and it's like 10 years old
exactly
that's the point this book The
Millionaire Next Door it talks about how
millionaires they don't dry they don't
drive Hummers and Lexus's and beamers
they drive the Toyota Corollas they
drive the Honda Accords into the ground
they you know that I'm saying they don't
they don't lavish lifestyle their way
around the what bah what RAB mall and
there's a lot of old people walking in
the mall and they're getting their
exercise that's good i've purchasing
books that's also good I made I made a
what's it called when you weren't
planning on making a purchase but then
you make the purchase
could you see something you're like I
want that too I made one of those
purchases and I've seen a couple people
talk about it I've seen um Michael
Buckley and I think Phil talked about it
it's called crush it um Gary Vaynerchuk
anyways I got that book too cuz I saw
people to Addis oh my gosh you guys want
to know um what books I like to read or
what books I have read and love there's
like four or five that are like my main
go twos that I just love I would say the
four books that I love and try to base
my life off is Dale Carnegie how to win
friends and influence people Stephen
Covey the seven Habits of Highly
Effective People Dave Ramsey whatever I
mean any of his books actually and the
fourth one and the fourth one's got to
be my mother-in-law's cookbook my uh the
cookbook that my wife has from her mom
uh that she makes the meals that I have
eaten for the last seven and a half
years that's a great book I love that
book one of my favorites actually you
guys should get it these guys they're
working on this yard oh why does that
mean hey hi he just waved at me
why does that mean anything he's still
stared at me that's the first house that
I ever bought right there me and uh
Katie let me it's like why it's that
dude filming me me him
me and Katie Lapp bought that house when
we had been married for like a year and
a half for seventy seventy three
thousand dollars and I always drive by
it and reminisce and think ah I remember
that house we lived there for three
years we brought home a son tard that
house when he was first born I don't
think we brought Princeton start home we
had moved somewhere else but memories
memories first house ever right there
okay you ready
I have two peas battery and why do you
have to be so bad
could you have to have a full bladder to
get an ultrasound for some reason you're
supposed to drink a quart accordance all
right a quart she's trying mommy has a
small bladder but she's supposed to
drink a quart of water before the
ultrasound what does it do like like the
baby swims in it the baby's like whoo so
much water look at my crotch now you can
see what what I am I'm a boy or a girl
how does the hell works I have no idea
I'm gonna go find out what it is first
for you guys what are we first doctors
gonna tell me first oh wait we need your
womb are you walking with your legs hey
son tart what if it's a girl will you
still love it do you want it to be a boy
princess - princess tart what if it's a
boy when you still love it going to be a
girl mommy boy son tards boy
princess TARDIS girl I'm boy baby target
baby chart do you want a brother or a
sister
you want a brother or a sister you
another sister another sister it might
be tight but I think it's predominantly
we're all though for boy
so we'll still love it if it's a girl
but it better not be
only why here it is you see it it has a
face what do you guys think this is a
hand yeah you're really good
did she drink enough water this be
faking others debts you they gotta make
sure has ten fingers and legs and all
that kind of stuff just heart
that's
yeah there really is a baby in there
yeah that's the cutest foot I've ever
seen no offense to you three by the way
this baby is already behaving itself
you see the feet ya see it on the screen
that's a baby's feet inside mommy's
tummy oh sorry
huh I see it I see it
guess what it is guys it's a boy it's a
baby boy oh so excited hey looks like
his daddy proud moment I bet all the all
the dads say that huh you reading your
magazine what are you reading up on Oh
interesting
well can you guys believe it a baby boy
what do you think I love it he's so
excited that'll be four kids Oh what are
you talking about
over there bring your magazine I see you
I see you
whoa hey ready yeah you are going to be
the grandmother right now don't mess
around just Joe I'm not I'm gonna tell
you you are not you I just say if it's
what it is or what you're gonna be well
if you're gonna be a grandmother of a
grand son or granddaughter do you know
don't tell don't tell okay I'll tell you
it's a good boy girl boy - girl ah it's
a bit of it's a boy your boy - girl -
girl boy oh good okay you have to go
look at the pictures you have to look at
the pictures you can't be ready to face
with that you have to search through and
find
you have to look for genitalia on the
pictures well that could be a boy it's a
boy how do you know I don't I'm guessing
cuz I can never read these things up
here it's not attached well it has a
floating hand they'll lash that on
they're gonna lash that on after he
comes out that hand is not a dad okay
look at this picture it's a boy high
five for testicle yes great guy
I'm the new Todd and I don't excited to
meet all of you
what should my name be comment below it
could be a little card or junior tart or
be distraught or whatever you guys
decide I'm so excited to meet all of you
and one more thing check out my my own
show
