no it's nothing so I wanted to stop just
one lag are you gonna get that unstuck
brah dude can we hook this up to your
Jeep do you pull this out for me I want
you to hit that gas as hard as you can
alright ready on the count of three
there's a little slack and just pop it
you'll pull that thing right out okay
one two hit it alright it's official
Collette
officially looks official she's got her
own skis her own boots her own poles see
if she skis officially let's see it them
late season conditions it is very melty
we're on slush here it's warm 40-plus
degrees Fahrenheit hit a dog like those
boots
all right here's Gavin Butler Ross
if faith is a kicked and I'm talking PI
like orphans emotion lost as the kid on
your cartel your conscience is only s
dark at your content baptized every week
not my fingers through the air vines not
the cross till our fingers group air to
birds like humans to us thinkable imma
make a big move like max Keeble do I
love Chavez like Mac in terms but I
still got cool like Kakarot ain't got no
no no not preparing a boss money in my
road crews are given out the parking lot
JAMA clothes leave the lid to the fire
it was Ryan it was fine until the
neighborhood I heard the laps dildo his
flow life without the pilot light so
cold like yo so sad a state of man cuffs
on my feet roads were whip cracks so
polish my shoes for my soul is still
that and Buda
 it Islam night took my socks off my
focus here's a guy here's she comes
skiing down a mountain you good babe
looking good I knew all right we're
headed up to our live shayloss workout
we do live shayloss workouts every
Tuesday and Thursday man
Zeke spring is here look he's enough mud
on his feet every day now for like the
next month serious we're not gonna let
him in the house he's a disaster we need
to get a hose out here we can spray him
off all the snow is melting so
everything is turned to mud / cow manure
and I came up here today here let's just
show these guys you want to see yeah
let's go show them the mud puddle we're
dealing with but it manure hey you guys
hungry
hey Larry hey meanne Dave what do you
think about all this mud I know it's
annoying huh it's dirty you gotta sleep
in it yeah and Zeke comes up here runs
in it rolls in it jumps in it eats it
he's such up you know sometimes you just
can't judge people by their actions just
have to love him unconditionally and
sometimes that's how it is with Zeke
they're all speaking the devil hey muddy
monster he's not as bad as he was on my
first came up here this morning yeah
they love to just get in this mud and
fight with the cows Larry I'm gonna come
feed you in just a sec I gotta go do a
live workout first kale air I'll be back
up in 45 minutes
you guys still got hay in there you're
fine quit complainin that's Larry our
cow you know Larry hi all right years
where you work out bye Larry
I'm ready ready ready or not I'm sorry
okay so you're ready
listen you can warm up however you want
I like to pick some style moves it's up
to you you know everybody teach setups I
want to loosen up all those joints on
yeah okay shake it all out so you got
four should be right there's real simple
he'll look fancy fast as you can go 30
seconds
let's go we've begun number of each
other's back hasn't your now exercising
we can kendrick lamar last place on my
toe
you have 30 seconds of jumping jacks
five seconds good job around the drink
we'll take a minimal stretch ah yes it's
round super sore necks for everybody
every Tuesdays and Thursdays live
workouts tax apologize don't talk about
all the grief you cos today look at this
face there's not the opportunity to have
everybody hot it's all be happy hey you
can't be - you're the best faces well
the boys wanted to help me build this
shelf that I'm putting in my office but
they found something else
whoa Power Rangers and Crotty kid and
all that stuff really does yeah you're
pretty tough okay be careful no don't
hurt mommy just go hurt the box I guess
I think that's normal for little boys
right all little boys are a little
excited about swords and things ready
right Brock show them what you were
doing earlier how you prepare how you
get ready to do your karate move
remember I was just watching you do it
you didn't realize I was watching you to
do okay
you must Center and focus
and then hi-yah hi-yah hey booger nose
nice sweaty conditions you're cute so I
wanted to get stopped just one lag cute
guys seriously what am I gonna do with
these crazies wow if you can't beat them
join them
let's go hang out in the snow how are
you gonna get that unstuck so deep I can
see where's your boat sillies are you
getting some my Instagram pics bed well
all right kids come on put your back
into it
Brock dude can we hook this up to your
Jeep do you pull this out for me
dude that would do me a big favor Brock
come here man my mule stuck on this
stone snow mountain and I need somebody
to pull me out dude just hook it up to
the back of his thing and then I want
you to floor it k Kahless and she just
gonna hook that up on your thing and
then you floor it and then it's gonna
pull my mule out of the snow
no here put it down here on the axle
that's the best spot alright dude it's
on the count of three I want you to hit
that gas as hard as you can and it's
gonna pop it you just got to keep going
okay yeah you're gonna pull it right on
snow kay you ready here everybody get
out of the way back up back up back up
okay on the count of three dude hit that
gas ready
wait yeah put it in second gear low gear
okay dude this is all you man alright
ready on the count of three there's a
little slack and then just pop it you'll
pull that thing right out okay one two
Wow
five
oh look
he's cold good job
all rights a wrap
Daxton speed grumpy face now we're all
trying to make him cheer up but he's not
happening
wait that's sister Emmie with the bike
share that's cool yo that's YUM ok yeah
I guess I could be in a good mood if
there's more of that involved you got
any uh one more BOTS oh cool a little
bit bigger some of those are toppings
right there on there why don't you hmm
ok nope bigger little bigger
hi I'm ready yep Royals chocolates and
one of those let me just grab that
mm-hmm ok yep thank you very much
sharing it's about caring right Emmy
Yomi
thanks sister I'm gonna happy move now
all right we came to the field the
frozen yogurt place as I seen the fusion
the fee Osen weight off your son Rocco
place that's my feelin real good
it's YUM yes very much dude check out
the che stuff bretzel boom I'm so tired
being terrible
you're a regular guy but you try
to be something
in the shade
Oh shame
you
