hi I'm logging here all right you guys
so for those of you who have not noticed
if you've not watched the Shaytards
vlogs or have missed a few episodes we
well I we like it anyway
I'm pregnant I'm about 18 weeks pregnant
I'm going in for my first appointment
now normally you go in for your first
appointment about 13 weeks but we were
in California and I would rather do it
here in Idaho with my doctor that I know
that I've had you know my other kids
with so anyway going to the first
appointment now okay take the stairs
because I need exercise for one husband
for me he was excited technically I
could know what it is by now but I don't
think I'm gonna get an ultrasound today
but you guys are invited when we do it
so hey at least I will get to hear the
heartbeat today so that's good police
will know something's in there hopefully
hopefully it's not an alien
just another che tarde
just one right so far I'm expecting that
and it's grown now I met my least
favorite part of the appointment where I
have to get lab work done and I you have
to poke me with the needle and take my
blood you don't want to give my blood
it's scary
I'm just a baby I'm such a baby the
needles like I have to look away I can't
look at it
Shay's opposite he has to look at like
he has to watch it going in but me and
wen don't anyway here we go okay I'm all
finished so you heard the heartbeat I
got lab work done and I have an
appointment for an ultrasound sighted
wait what am I going to go down no more
okay our ultrasounds tomorrow still be
able to find out what it is then what do
you guys think it is a baby you're
probably right I hope it's not a monkey
it could be living with Shay that's not
all we have right here this is all we
got we got seven shirt there's the
church that's some of them
my ankle don't do that
dangerous business
all right there we go hopefully they
don't tell us oh you got the wrong
shipping for the shipping what's he
what's eat luckily it all work okay kids
look at babied heard like McCoy's
we're gonna we're gonna go did you look
at that know what we're gonna go hiking
exploring and it's gonna be so cool
are you guys ready we're gonna hike up
to these big pillars and we're gonna
look over the whole city and we're gonna
throw rocks and stuff like cars yeah
there's no trail or just I can approach
the side of this hill you having fun
baby tard Oh mommy you're doing a great
job Oh hold on nope looks good hi
come on centaur get your butt up here
lovin it oh you guys we have got to come
out here more often
this is so oh this is so nice
we got a tired hiker here y'all tuckered
out you a cold tired hiker here's the
pillars I remember when I went to
college here they said that these are
like you know freshman sophomore junior
and then on your senior year you split
off and you go into society well I never
made it there I mean I went into society
but I think I ended at my junior year I
thought these pillar things are stupid
I'm leaving college plus I could never
find a parking spot that was just like
really obnoxious and it's like every
morning I couldn't find a spot so I'm
like I'm out of here I'm dropping out of
college are you doing climb into the
tree
crazy girl with your pink boots don't
drop out of college kids unless you
really can't find a parking spot they
just get the heck out of there
yes so it's such a such a burden you
know Oh trudging you have treasure shut
your magic treasure hey son tired what
are you doing yeah I can see your
pockets are weighing you down we're
waiting for you
I think you just gained like 20 pounds
picking up rocks but in the process of
gaining weight you're also losing weight
isn't that awesome again take the rocks
with us we got to get rid of them there
they go come on I know there's more
you're holding out on me you got it man
that's the fun of being a little boys
picking up rocks
I can hear him in there saying to
himself that's not scary that's not
scary because before he watched it he
said death is there scary parts like
when the Indians come I said it's kind
of scary but you can handle it okay I
can edit so that's a good father where
I'm gonna go to know that scared did I
scare you she's not scared of the movie
is this getting too intense for you we
turned it off maybe we should turn it
off dum dum dum dum dum dum dum
what are we doing we're gonna get shot
you sound excited about it Pritz is
tired not looking forward to the
experience okay you guys listen to me
real quick we're gonna get shots I know
it's scary and it will hurt for a minute
really quick it's like this and then
it's over
okay so it's gonna hurt for a second and
then we're gonna be all done and guess
what we're gonna do guess what we're
gonna do afterwards I'm gonna pinch each
of your nipples no no no no we're gonna
go get ice cream you need ice cream
princess hard explain to me what are you
filling here if you'd be a little
concerned you scared you're nervous
nervous baby tarde doesn't even know
what's about to happen
she's smiling now okay you guys ready
can you can you guys take it gonna be
strong my nose is spread what does that
mean they might do that instead of shots
oh well you'll be lucky that happens all
right let's go
you were the health clinic
time to make some kids cry let's go they
looked out no shots you happy hey you
don't have to get a shot are you happy
okay turn this direction now if it
starts to drip out you can just stab at
it otherwise it won't work it's just
gonna be a mist suck it in good okay
with your nose like you're sniffing your
boogers stick your boogers slip your
boogers she's usually so good at
sniffing her boogers
good job well done you breathe through
your nose can you show me go
yeah like doing drugs these are the
nicest drug dealers in town
Tommy tart has to get the shot oh you're
sorry
you feel bad because strong she is
no crying mom's birthday I don't like
the time when I get her flowers why
don't you want to grow up because I
don't want to get this shot well getting
shots as part of being an adult
sometimes you won't give hey if you ever
come home and you've gotten knocked up
you're in big trouble mister you got it
you better not get pregnant all right
let's go we're here at the dance review
for the college shirt I'm gonna watch a
bunch of pretty bouncers yeah I know
Oh gonna be at the unseen Queen no yes
show me your dance
Oh beautiful
huh what are you doing I'm being a
copper a cooker what's that in your
pocket
some stuff that your menu and your we're
really gonna cook for me nothing if your
cooker you have to cook me something
welcome to the world guess what you were
watching King Kong that's a long movie
oh that's cool like see people laugh
Gary black evil seaweed people did you
fast forward the scary part or did you
watch it hey guys so I'm here pretty now
shorter shirt orders going through the
list short orders and mommy tard went to
the the dance thing tonight what does it
call the dance thing and I was like so
like how was the dance thing what did
princess hard like it and stuff like
that and here's the mommy tart set of
course you loved it but I finally feel
like a parent you know as a girl you're
like I want to do that dance
I think that's so cool I already thought
dads ever danced like that
I realize hip-hop is the cool thing and
I like hip-hop
I can't hip-hop but I try but now I can
I know I know what my parents felt
finally or your own your when you kids
out there you kids out there you're like
mom gosh dad jeez why can't I go out
wearing this Chum I have my nipples why
like up here wait you show us like up
here cheek right here kind of texture
oh wait wait sure but but anyway so wait
you said earlier when you're talking to
me that there was a lot of this
unnecessarily
and like like listen ladies don't come
out of me like my sister is a die-hard
cheerleader she's been a cheerleader
since she was born
she was a cheerleader at two colleges at
Boise State she cheered you know for the
the Nationals when they they beat
Oklahoma she was you know she's the
cheese of cheer coach so I know girls
are like defensive about their dancing
and they're cheering but but listen let
me say this first I have been growing up
in my adolescence having a sister and
then you know having girlfriends that
were in cheer and dance and stuff I've
grown up going to these cheer
competitions and you know what I thought
the entire time I'm like watching these
performances and I'm thinking in my mind
I'm like do they actually let them do
this like this is totally sexual and you
might say Shay you're a pervert no they
were skin tight clothing with shorts
with their butt cheeks hanging out and
they're they're out there on the
basketball court humping the air
vigorously
I recently vigorously they are humping
the air and it's called dance and listen
I'm a dancer oh I hope the air right now
and I'll dance but what always gets me
is as a kid growing up I would watch
this and I would feel so embarrassed and
I'd look around it like are these
parents like proud of their girls
wearing these outfits like you know I
don't what do you guys think I know I'm
I got two daughters I'm nervous I'm
worried I hope they play sports I hope
they hunt and then I don't think kill
things I hope they want to go stab elk
and deer I don't I'm worried about it
you know I'd rather him kill stab elk
and deer than be sexually you know
violated through dance dance hey girls
come come dance on the basketball court
where all the boys will get boners and
watch you up the air okay anyway so now
what do you have to say there's a lot of
good dancing and there's a lot of really
cute hip-hop moves that don't involve
booties and humpy okay wait
how many times always said the word hump
in this I don't know pelvic thrusting
simulator Oh Jackson e Levi's legging I
don't know what you want to call it
anyways
that's just a quick rundown on some of
the dancing that goes on at the high
schools and so on and so forth so hey
hey ladies go ahead and I don't know
play sports play sports so remember
girls don't be a dancer or a
tomboy athlete go into politics yeah
that's where it's at politics
