hi oh what a beautiful morning oh what a
beautiful day
Oh children oh you're so you're so cute
and adorable and beautiful looking this
morning I want you to each know that I
value each one of your personalities
individually yes ma'am I am using a
different camera today so I guess
princess tart assumes that this is the
church camera yeah this cameras more
reverent than the other cameras I think
what do you think mommy take the camera
with her vlog no she does the camera on
possibly for now he turns the camera on
and she's like
then she takes the camera and instead of
turning it off I put in Japan records 45
minutes of purse footage purse footage
that's how my HR likes to do wait a
minute maybe sometimes this is even more
gutsy okay I can't believe I'm tell you
sometimes it's like the cameras running
and I push the button and it's not
running and I'm like recording myself
and then I push the button again to stop
recording but then I actually start
recording so that's what happens I'm
just stupid
so for example here's my my turn here's
hey Dad yeah going to Chili's good I'm
excited I am we're gonna get salad salad
I ran into Casey's car and we're back
you know
Mogens like come out here I hit a duck a
duck I come out here and just its feet
we're sticking out the pheasant did she
have her license for that so Casey's
down here for my mom's birthday cuz they
forgot to wish you happy birthday we
have a jobs and so we have to be there
every day we can't just do away so now
they're down here to go out to dinner
for mom's birthday maybe time excited
get what you give your cousin a big
smoocher and give your cousin a big
smooch er mom happy birthday again mom I
thought I thought you had big hair yeah
but you know what you don't
your hair looks really small mom your
hair looks like dwarfish comparatively
speaking
he can't try the dessert
man can't manhandle the ball
ice cream ball that look yummy thank you
hey mom happy birthday
that's yours Oh
guys I'm just gonna just sit down right
here still a little tired
uh-huh oh hey hey Casey how you been bud
I'm Feeny new Wow
last time I think I saw you was around
Christmastime Oh how's things going down
there and you tell pretty good all right
that's a nice shirt you got their final
huh yeah I guess you like the flannel
what's good would your wife give that to
your something Bry your mother-in-law
huh right you know I'm saying
mother-in-law's
water some some of them are bitches you
know oh hey hey grandma hold on
anyways hopes gonna stay here won't you
keep scratching my ears that's pretty
nice we have a mass name finding /size
associating t-shirt off going on here
finding names dad yeah we do we go
negative Oh none of those on there you
found it and I'm in here printing off
more it's family affair getting these
shirts out you guys we're trying our
darndest
just F uck word Harlan the the ck this
podcast connection has been severed due
to inappropriate dancing please click on
the annotation to continue with a
discussion of our future life plans for
your viewing pleasure
