okay okay mommy Tom's remember when we
used to have discussion Wednesday's that
was a long time ago that was months ago
six months ago that was a very that was
even before was that before I started
the vlogs
remember anyways we used to do a thing
what's club discussion Wednesday we have
a very serious discussion about real
issues and real topics of importance if
you will it's not why the same we're
going to do our type of thing right
right now I've been reading I've been
watching the reading the comments here
in this last video that we just put up
and a lot of you're asking why are we
still in Idaho well hey if that's
actually not the reason we're still in
Idaho I said I told mommy we're gonna
install a webcam on her left fallopian
tube why the left because it's closer to
the router and done it gets better
reception have my ology all webcams are
better on the left fallopian tube for
broadcasting live via interwebs in the
womb anyways okay so here's all we're
gonna talk about okay one we're staying
we're gonna be in Idaho probably another
week because I don't want to leave here
yeah the kids are missing school the
listening they're in preschool and
kindergarten i frickin flunked
kindergarten and look at me now I'm fine
so the kids are gonna mess about a week
so we're gonna miss we'll probably head
back to Ida
or I mean where do we live California
we're gonna play head back to LA
Saturday not this coming I mean this
coming Saturday anyways and then you
guys we have a big decision of where are
we gonna have our family live in Los
Angeles California
oh and I know well here's a little thing
if you if you didn't know yes this one
is knocked up this one can't can't keep
her fallopian tubes closed
what are you do when is the baby coming
out tell me June around June 10th I'm
gonna say June June June 7th 6 7 6 7
June 2nd how the last baby went it came
early May 20 anyways okay so here's the
deal okay so the babies do the first
week of June and mommy tarde the the
doctor here delivered son tarde and
princess tarde baby tart Osun tardes
baby turn princess tart was born in Utah
that's why she's crazy psycho woman
doctor who delivered her that's why
she's psycho so we have to deal with the
issue of hey if you have a baby at the
same place that Michael Jackson died
you're gonna spend a lot more money the
UCLA Medical Center is where Mama's
heart would have the baby and it can be
very pricey we've called a lot of the
nurses and they said one nurse the mom
called what would you call it I call it
my feet stink it's my church socks and
make my feet stink so so we're think
about moving back to I know financially
because it's gonna be a lot cheaper to
have the baby here because Idaho that
let you pay them in potatoes which is
very convenient because her dad's a
potato farmer so what do you guys think
we should do see what we would do I mean
it would we would still save money for
shading fly back you know oh yeah I
wouldn't leave the station I wouldn't
leave the station I would just commute
to work I would fly to LA probably once
or twice a month for probably three days
at a time
so I would be in LA for probably six or
seven days every month so we could film
videos to put on the station so I
wouldn't leave the station I mean I'd
still make videos there and me and Kasim
I just talked to
on the phone we got this great I'm not
gonna even I don't want to give it away
because I want anybody it's still it we
have this great web series with me and
Qasim though that we want to start doing
so I will still be in those videos and
so forth but just with the fourth kid
fnaf word F face for F and kids what are
we gonna do whoo that's such a pain and
here we have built-in babysitters my mom
my sister and my brother her sister
lives down the road it's just so much
easier for little crumb snatcher and
sons of bees yeah in LA it's like we
don't I mean we don't really know
anybody there and the people we do know
are busy you know and they would you
know if we if we have Lisa we simply
said over hey Shay Carl here what's up
they would watch her kids for us but
it's like you know if we wanted to go on
a date or something but if it's like I
hey I can't watch the kids because I
have to do this thing with the thing on
the thing at the thing after the thing
and mom turns like I got to go to this
thing after the thing and drive the
thing to the place then it's like hey
Carly sister tard grandma somebody we
need to watch the kids were going and
it's so much easier that use that make
sense you guys get that so I were
thinking let's say it out loud should we
we're thinking we're gonna move back to
Idaho on April 1st 1st April 1st so
right now I'm gonna be honest with you
we made a decision so Louise you know
what what do you guys think leave it
leave a lot of comments below and how's
that I don't know but we're not that's
what we're gonna do right every we
decided oh yeah don't seem so sure about
it that's a big change again I think
that first put her first
excuse me frog in the throat I hate when
you have your foot frogs at the floor I
have any flaw in your throat like crazy
hey let's pick up let's uproot our
family and move to Los Angeles yeah
that's crazy and now it's like what's
kind of home to us and but now we want
to dress like
now we're just couldn't pick up and move
back again the original plan and it's
gonna be hard cuz I'll tell you what I
love I love throwing in a little little
right here and I love get on my level
and I love more than Shh you know I will
miss that right what I'm talking about
is writing on the beach with my bike
listening to my music at sunset dear
I'll do that I'll probably my bike in a
laying off my back but I mean I love
this is so fun there there's so many
people that we like to hang out with and
it's like feels like it's the party you
know what I mean it's there's such stuff
going on there whenever things were on
TV it's like hey they're filming that
right down the road we're only seeing
movies it's like hey we just walked by
there and they just film that in the
movie it's just like exciting but
logistically financially and family
Familia it just is so good to be here
having the kids with their cousins and
being able to go to Grandma's house and
you know punch my little brother in the
testicles I mean kids need to punch
their uncle and the testicles from time
to time and I don't want sons hard to
miss out on these opportunities and so I
think it's best for our family to come
back to Idaho April first
so what do you guys let us know what do
you think but that's that's the plan a
lot of you are I mean they're just this
let's make this a site video this is
long we'll make this as a site video so
I'm gonna put it on youtube I think I
don't know you I don't know anything
YouTube's good what's you - well it's
toast no really it will just upload -
why not why not let's just upload let's
upload our entire let's do let's do okay
