hi I'm logging here hey good morning
everybody how's it going I hope you're
having a great day stupendous not let's
see if we can turn that frown upside
down shall we
shut up what's up guys
I am I today I'm on a mission I am like
Tom Cruise not only that I just looked
stunningly like him but I have a mission
that I need that I have accepted and
that I need to fulfill and that is to
send out beard tard t-shirts and it has
turned into quite the chore I have to go
to the post office right now because I'm
gonna get a bunch of international
customs forms every every shirt I send
internationally you have to have a
customs form for it because they want to
know like I'm not sending out bombs or
gremlins or knives or squids ha ha
william johnson anyways
so i'm here at the post office i want to
get some shipping things and then I'm
supposed to meet my mom and my sister
for lunch and I didn't go be the printer
make it a printer to print off shipping
slips so that's what we're gonna do
today ok guys come along for the ride
OfficeMax is so exciting it's funny when
you grow up different things for
exciting them to you like all the
technology office stuff here
getting this one this is the HP
Officejet 6500 Wireless hopefully it's
good I was gonna tweet and ask you guys
what's up what's a good wireless printer
but I'm thinking this is a good one HP
Officejet don't tell me it's not because
I want it to be good ok
No
mom your big star in YouTube you I keep
that middle finger down I'm a good
cheerleader mom what stick to YouTube
alright
I'm not listening to you I'm not
listening to you why are you saying okay
tell me
I'm listening tell me I don't tell my
mom stop it
tell me no just tell me I'll turn off
Carly what's up blame it on the rain all
right all right get that get that thing
installed and working I don't know how
that you actually are good at these kind
of things because mommy as a woman that
likes to read the directions daddy
I'm just like I don't need the freaking
directions let me just I just push stuff
together and make it work I just I don't
know if it's necessarily a guy girl
thing are there girls like that who
don't want to read the directions I hate
reading the directions mommy of course
is a direction reader you guys know it's
really cool it makes me feel happy I
don't know what it makes me feel that's
why I know how to change the channel on
it was like woman get in here help me
Stevie it says API or whatever she
always knows how to work the remote
control better than me anyways I was
just listening to z103
as I was driving out of my truck and the
songs were playing over each other and
so I texted my old program director I'm
like hey old program director your songs
are playing over so he fixed it he's
like what do you want to hear and then
he played my song that I wanted to hear
next and so I was like I'm still kind of
a DJ these are blue does this make me
look like an outfit on Avatar your
avatar football player I'm going to go
now okay I'm going Jay don't try to stop
me I'm waiting go don't you're who care
I just go into the start okay buddy
don't princess hard wear your boots at
where you boots at did you find him did
you tag it on let's go now time to wait
and let's go that was my rap cuz she was
not hurrying fast enough so I had to
start rapping to her cuz usually if you
rap to children they will go faster
serious it's it's a trick of the trade
of being a mother yes I've had a lot of
sugar
so we're going to the store to de junk
our life you know when you have things
you've had for I don't know
years and years and you kind of hold on
to even though like maybe it's clothes
that you think I'll fit into that again
or maybe I'll wear it again stuff that
you're just attached to that you don't
even use I have a lot of that stuff that
I'm like oh let's keep this I might use
it someday after being gone from all of
our stuff for one we're in California I
haven't missed any of it so we are dead
junkie that's what we're doing today I
have a bunch of bags full of junk back
here look at that old high chair bags
the clothes I don't think they'll take
the car seat but yeah I don't think
they'll take used car seats but anyway
weirdy junk defying our lives for the
new year d junk your life and that could
also mean if you have any bad habits or
if you need to do junk your cupboard
like getting rid of sugar I'm not gonna
do that one Bundy junk everything else I
just realized it's not the sugar it's
because I've worked out today I haven't
worked out in weeks
see that's why I need to keep working
out what to do mom mom stinky oh really
well show you stinky okay cat meet you
we are dying our stuff jungle face
princess hard and I just found the best
shoes you look like you're gonna sail
away any moment they're like the biggest
log like
I'm the best dad you've ever had can you
say it with just a little bit more
conviction be like just enunciate best a
little bit more be like you're the best
dad I've ever had oh you ought to think
I think I want to switch the
pronunciation on best and dad so just be
like this say you're the best dad I've
ever had no no no see you did that on
the best what I want it to be is on the
dad so you're like you're the best dad
I've ever had
tread that way this dad is no no wait
listen listen you're the best dad I've
ever had good dad excellent that's what
I like to hear
okay go away huh that's pretty good odds
seeing as I'm the only dad he's ever had
I think my wife makes me lightheaded
home ever seen that where you going we
go mommy tired
I'm gonna go bye stop once you take the
camera with you because I'll just be
sitting here in the office we you guys
want to see her as me or go with mommy
turn come on kids well kids listen
listen if you ordered a beer charger
please be patient I'm freaking out here
I am really freaking out really stressed
about this please guys just give me a
little leeway please everyone in this
room I'm gonna count to three and
anybody who's in this room does it get
punched in the face
one two three you better
get out of here get stupid camera get
out of here okay I'm sizing on you he's
crazy he's crazy
here we go you guys have to hear this
song it's my dad's band they have a
message for you
you die and you go gave me
cocaine's on account of my
bluegrass has an important message for
y'all out there tell it to me tell it to
me tell it to me drink your corn
ecologic ok be cocaine
okay no no I've never had any cocaine
you know it's bad for you
