hi I'm logging here okay pick her up
pick up your end
oh ha ha ha snap his knees explode that
was great
that's your knees I have an ankle I have
an ankle so be like that this is what
shade looks like in the morning No
show them your true colors that's it
that's it yeah
I was up late editing the video no show
what you really look like this is what I
look like it's noon and chase still
silliness pajama tonight's gonna be a
sense that's gonna be good good now
we're at my favorite place in the whole
world because I worked for these guys
for 7 flippin years because I've been
here I did I worked at 3 different ones
7 years total we're at wingers and we're
gonna eat and eat and then we'll eat
some more a little puke and then we'll
eat some more and then we'll puke wait
we're not gonna eat that much and we're
gonna ask fault I yeah
oh I haven't ate yet okay yeah we are
gonna eat a lot okay - Zek yummy yum yum
yum yum yum yum yum my deluxe chicken
sandwich with the special meter sauce
are you eating a chicken quesadilla
so spicy to the inclusive EF with this
prize what's in this brandy sauce yeah
we're already there buffalo sauce miss
with ranch and it's okay wait pretty
about chicken here on our anniversary so
if you saw that video che explained it
all so okay we're finished and was done
and that finishes that that's why we're
supposed to be when we go to wingers
finish fat and happy and happy we gotta
ask
pi+ my manager whom I've known for ten
years now he paid for our milk because I
am the best employee he ever had that's
not what he said but I am this is true
because a son tarde
hey wear nice fleece say looks good I'll
print to start sporting red headband
that's what I like to see baby tardes
getting the golden cheddar fish mommy
thar with a nice Rasta cab with a nice
bum to tote oh dude oh do you I don't
know oh dude I'm trying to talk and it's
coming out stupidness hey princess
Cartman let's see your hair what kind of
statement are you trying to trying to
make with that it's the jet what is it
Jane Fonda okay it's the Jane Fonda
statement I'm gonna be doing some ABS
after this baby tard
don't reduce your parents hey grandpa
tar put your scarf on here let me help
you
she's gonna pull like this wrap it like
this okay what
okay brother cards got his beard card
shirt is that gonna fit you maybe if I
hold it half there's some big shade card
fans out there that guy that guy could
probably beat you up whoever he is turn
around let's see the what video did you
just cuss no what'd you do do you rip
that that is coming out of your paycheck
young lady
see you guys other youtubers they get
like these big companies to make your
shirts and send them but only here at
the Shaytards
is your shirt get rubbed on my face here
Carly rub this on your face no it was
getting that shirt whoever ordered a4x
you get one that has Carly's boob sweat
on it fold it up and send it off modern
fold that wrong service with a smile oh
we got the we got what do you call it
when people do jobs in a line child
labor hey you having fun no you're not
having fun folding shirt
I'm the hair picker this look fun no you
guys listen I hope you're patient
because you might get some Malakai hairs
on your shirts you might get I don't
know whatever is on the ground in my
office
there's probably definitely be some
Malakai hairs on your shirt so don't be
mad and don't be mad if if something
else happens
with your shirt I don't know what mom
eat are you doing a good job folding yes
are you folding each one with love and
care Oh little dog hair we're doing a
good job it's a lot quicker with more
people what did you say what you're
saying many hands make light work
any hands many hands make light work yes
mom it's your turn to talk on air ok I
have to go offline as my mom wants to
say something and I cannot tell you how
many people when I came back from
Christmas and I saw you on YouTube I saw
you on YouTube I'm like what like it ha
ha recording the whole time got you and
I like everyday Nana Nana every day LLL
wear everything and that ladies and
gentlemen is what I like to call the
hyperventilating donkey that Xing um
giddy giddy freezing this free it's zero
I think it's negative zero degrees today
it's cold every time I mention
temperature you guys from Canada or
whoever like oh yeah Shay when it's
negative 400 degrees here why don't you
try that out for size fat so you guys
I'm not that's cool you guys got cold
temperatures - I'm not trying to compete
with you that's great for coldness
that's what struck what up to cold this
week we can both be calm yeah I've just
the answer on my video I'm like it's
zero degrees there's a bunch of you're
like oh yeah well you guess how cold it
is here anyways haha I guess um guess
where I'm going I'm going to get some
candy not for me I need to make a
shayloss video those of you who are on
the Shay loss oh I'm gonna get run over
those you guys are on the Shay loss
competition it's still going I just have
not had a chance to make a video about
it so don't let that affect you guys
there are people out there who are
committed
this and they're gonna win if you wanted
to win you gotta be committed you can't
let me making videos effect whether
you're gonna win it like whether you're
gonna change your life or not I'm
stuttering to some cold
mommy tard that's why we're here she has
a craving why am I doing this what is
this what's going on here what is this
this is a bumble bee mommies are craving
for candy uh it's the baby I guess I
guess the baby says hey umbilical pork
this is me pulling on the umbilical cord
as a fetus in the womb I'm in the womb
right now I'm a little baby in the womb
asking mommy I want some sugar I think I
want some starbursts and licorice and
chocolate so that's what I'm doing why
am I sitting here let's go in let's go
ahead okay sorry but I'm lightheaded now
huh oh I'm dizzy okay yes I'm fine okay
hi getting some candy just I let you
know no yes I was this is for my this is
for my youtube video yeah I make I make
couple videos sometimes
this is for my wife she's pregnant she's
having a craving so I'm on a candy run I
just get her whoa ooh gross ooh I'm
sorry you got that in your mouth oh
you just swallow it hurry I'm sorry
that's in your mouth it gross it
actually can't went in there whoa nice
cracker I don't suppose you realize that
I'm filming you oh hey oh you know you
want me to tell me
mami tarde
are you working hard getting those shirt
sizes can I sing you a song real quick
you don't mind if I sing you a song
I just want to serenade you while you
figure out the size of to the t-shirts
okay something just to keep your awake
maybe entertaining a little bit here we
go love of mine someday you will die but
I'll be close behind of all you into the
dark darkness blinding Oh too much light
with tunnels of gates of white just our
hands clasp so tight waiting for the
hint of a spark if Heaven and Hell
decide that they both are satisfied
illuminate the nos on their vacancy
signs if there's no one beside some
their soul embarks then I'll follow you
into the dark just want you to know that
okay in Catholic school its vicious as
Roman rule I got my knuckles bruised by
a lady in black held my tongue you told
me son so tart she is the heart of love
never went back if Heaven and Hell
decide that they both are satisfied
illuminate the nos on their vacancy
signs if there's no one beside you soul
and barks I'll follow you into the dark
ah yes yes Master Splinter I see what
you are saying
shaycarl is like a young Pavarotti
