I scare ya hey let's see that hat there
you're so stylish love it mommy tired
just made me a sammich and I am asked
the waitress for a little ketchup cuz I
like a little ketchup on this type of
sandwich and now we're gonna see if the
waitress delivers it here she comes
thank you ma'am you're getting an extra
tip I love you bye bye stop sucking your
thumb
okay you guys let me show you what
princess tart just created she created
an echo chamber right here because she
wants the planet okay hold on I'm
filming yet she opened the two closet
doors to form a wall right here and then
she's having everybody shut the doors so
that she can play with her lightsaber
but at the same time she's created and
let's see work that saber sure what's
mommy turkey doing hey mommy to our
delicious what are you doing you pushing
a bunny book fluffy bunnies and your
carriage that's so cute
are you putting your ugly stuff on my
stuff that makes you not ugly anymore
yeah speaking of ugly there's one
there's an ugly person right there no I
need it I need a double chin cover like
a chinstrap like a football player
where's you one mm-hmm
I'm gonna watch you put your makeup on I
make that face
put some of that on me yeah no I want to
try some you have to wash your face I
never watched my face anyways
ha by retard oh hey you're hella area
tardo baby tard oh hey what they put a
little bit on my eyes
well don't have to finish mine you're so
selfish with your makeup what I do don't
put a lot just a little bit I'm nervous
gonna stab me in the eye
don't that where do I look no wonder I
look so handsome
mommy heart just yelled che come and
help me quick so I don't know what it's
gonna be but we gotta go see we gotta
run quick yeah I'm here what yeah that's
not really that big of emergency I'm
busy alright come on let's go get you a
man you are me and Pt here what's up
Petey I love it when I try to be all
cool and
using acronyms for our names i'm mt of
PT yo-yo we're here going to the pee-pee
pizza place ok so my sister's coming
over to visit tight and she's vegetarian
so we're gonna get a vegetarian
artichoke pizza from Papa Murphy's it's
so good joelly so cold it is out here my
cookbook spit in the car she is vetoing
her jacket I told her mommy has two
jackets on and I'm so cold you need to
put your your jacket in your coat and
she said I think she realizes I'm right
let it always be thus mommy is right
what did we get welcome back to Idaho
baby we got a war made that you terian
pizza cheese pizza with half Canadian
bacon and pineapple so yep give me our
pizza and hey excited mommy's taking
over she's taking over the night shift
I've been sitting here no exaggeration
I've been sitting here for six solid
hours going through these t-shirt orders
basically these are a list of three
pages of people who emailed me on my
hotmail account who sent me a size this
is the list of everybody who bought a
shirt so not all of these people gave me
sizes so I'd have to go through all
these emails get the size write it down
and then search this list and put the
size next to the corresponding name it's
my own fault we should have set it up a
little bit better I should have told
everybody that when you buy a shirt on
eBay to mark or to go into the message
seller or something anyways it's turned
into this giant headache and I'm close
to being done I'd say we're 40% close
closer than nothing but I am going crazy
so I'm going to mom's house to play
modern warfare 2 and shoot people
heads off because that's make you feel
better and you're gonna take over the
night shift into a few and eat ice cream
and you're eating ice cream
alright I'll allow that no ice cream on
the papers work really hard on those
whoa whoa what you're pregnant um I
don't know what do you think this is a
big zit shut you're at the mouth when
did you become pregnant bye ladies I'm
going to murder people going to murder
people see you later
Oh swert my mom's house then I just
heard on the radio it's a four degrees
it's a four degrees laughs let's go see
what's going on my mom is grueling oh hi
dad can i play your video games famous
mom your favorite your paints
somebody said in the comments why every
time his mom's on there as they're
fighting and screaming and slashing it's
just how we show each other love Hey Hey
I see you he doesn't want to be on
camera that's not nice
mom what are you doing you going pea
butter warfare - well I just passed the
game I think so at least because the
credit started playing so I guess that
means I want it what it and I was
sitting on the edge of my seat makes me
so giddy alike if you guys have played
oh I don't want to ruin it but you know
that's intrigue and there's there's
backstabbing there's this guy and this
does this thing and you go all these
places and my favorites the snipers that
you gotta find them out in the open
they're walking through - you shoot him
it's pretty exciting
um but my wife just says I have to come
home so headed home now
yes we do sit around and watch our own
video I know what the Shaytards doing
the camera's not on we watch our old
video they have this tactically laughing
it's almost impossible to watch this
video without laughing what I've come to
the conclusion of is if you're watching
other people laughing it's really hard
not to laugh yourself because every else
is having a good time you're like oh
they're having fun then laugh and I want
to laugh too honey I did not focus up on
her but right there that was yeah oops
looks like I did it again Oh
