hi I'm logging here we're just going in
for a morning dip I of course would
rather be sleeping but now we are in the
budget three against one three against
one hey move
Sankar just something cool see these
little footprints where do they lead to
she came walking over here and she just
kept walking watching her footprint like
this is so cool cool huh baby steps
by hotel room that's two miles away from
our house yeah there's a simple there is
whoa let's go let's go baby charge throw
your bear up in the air let's see you
saw your bear up in the air hi 1 2 3
throw him no it's okay let's go come on
huh hi cute how come you're carrying all
the bags you're tough I guess I'm
carrying look I'm carrying baby tards
hand
that's a heavy hand it's the biggest
hand I've ever seen hahaha you haven't
gotten to ride in the truck in a long
time Oh daddy I remember right in your
truck I really liked it I really felt
like your best friend when I was in the
back of your truck come on in come on
you can do it I know it's been a while
come on guys let's go come on he's
nervous come on up here oh boy oh boy
here I go here I go oh-ho I remember
just like the old days hoo I love you
chuckle puppy
Verdugo check that totally reminds me of
the one we did at the station Ron you
guys know hi I'm Ron he wrote the how I
can't see he wrote that song rad
bromance and we are condensed we danced
to that song for not even joking
probably two and a half to three hours
and you can really barely see any of the
dancing of the video I think because it
came out so bad because we are not that
great of dancers but I cannot that song
is stuck in my head from dancing
seriously straight for three hours
Tehran's rad bromance parody of Lady
Gaga's what bad romance I don't even
know the real name the song I tweeted
this the other day whenever I hear songs
like sexy chick by Akon and David Guetta
or whatever and Lady Gaga songs and
Britney Spears songs I always think of
like the youtubers versions you know
whether it be iJustine or shane dawson
or the station or dave days or old
decayed at a Britney Spears video I just
think or like venetianprincess I always
think of the YouTube versions of that
song and I know them better than the
actual song like bearded chick sexy
chick came on last night when I am once
again had to go let Malachi out to go
pee and it was like I didn't even know
their works is the real song it's crazy
anyways any of you guys do that yeah yay
for YouTube parody songs
I am definitely growing the beard back a
lot of you said you want me to grow back
some of you say you don't want me to but
I
don't like where look I don't I don't
feel tough anymore I used to be so proud
of my beard me and Cass were at this a
big like fancy party back when was
Christmas and I was telling Qasim that
you know a lot of guys have like a
certain style you know that we're like a
really weird faster a really quirky tire
have something that like sets them apart
like fashionably or something and I
always felt like my beard was kind of
like my thing you know what I mean so
I'm definitely growing the beard back
probably not as big as it was for sure
not as big but I'm definitely growing
the beard back so all of you are like
pretty retard back I want it back as bad
as you do trust me going to get Logan
from school because my mom staying late
at work because she's printing off some
things for me and I'm going to get
allocate so here we go hey little boy
you want some candy yeah let Malachi and
it's raining out there and feel bad for
him Stevie I'll fit in here boy see if
he'll fit in here I feel bad dude come
on it's raining out here come on come on
get in the truck get the truck dinner
scoot your butt over scoot your butt off
it's a tight fit that better oh it's all
wet it feel bad we started coming up
here and started pouring rain and he's
soaking wet
okay buddy you okay oh oh that was
really a consider of you didn't even
think about an umbrella or a parka or
any kind of thing jeez you're kind of
laying on Logan there and
got your little blanket there Logan he's
keeping you warm well that's my job
keeping people warm looking out the
window making sure no cats cross our
path wouldn't want that to happen now
would we have a bad parent no I'm
serious
you do not talk like that okay go out go
clean your room right now go shut the
door shut it so son tired comes in and
is like dad
princess card said poop and peed like
lately they think it's so they think
it's so funny to be like what do they
say that ass always layer butt your butt
your butt is poop on or they'll say
something like that and we'll be like
knock it off you guys quit talking like
and they just came in here and I was
giving them a stern talking-to I was
like you guys do not talk like that it's
not funny and as I'm doing it Brenda
Starr gets this little smirk mouth
because I said do not say poop and pee
and when I said it she got his little C
so that I couldn't stop laughing I tried
to turn my head and I like I tried to
turn my head to stop laughing and you
didn't help is it he start laughing and
oh so anyways that was a interesting
parenting moment I was like just go out
good talk like that go out seriously
that yeah I couldn't keep a straight
face anyways don't say poop and pee okay
guys hey okay if you can make him in the
cart you get five points go Oh
denied whoo two points as you guys know
mommy towards having another baby so
we're gonna have to get used to juggling
diapers okay
so let's practice but normally they
won't be size 6 you broke my nose again
never kitch hey dad you're gonna get it
regarde kiddo
I say carlier we're introducing the new
revolutionary Tupperware coming out in
2010 not only doesn't bend it doesn't
break it doesn't wobble it doesn't
weevil
it's burn proof scar proof and baby
proof even baby tard proof that was a
pretty pathetic bitch yeah doesn't
wobble or break or flimsier Bend date or
do you fit okay get in okay baby try to
get in get in get in
oh yeah leftover princess tart man feel
more something smaller yeah
something fattier oh here's one you're
not fitting way to get out you look
really cute you want to go in there oh
look at her chump rounder gum mmm jump
jump oh okay you just want to stay here
so goodbye nice knowing you
that's not funny okay you're locked in
Princeton stars key get out and you get
out
and she suffocated oh she does that to
me I'll yell fur all over the house and
so she's hiding it she won't ask her
even though I'm to the point of
hysterical usually and then I know I
remember I go if you're in you go better
answer me right now seriously I know
it's kind of childish on what our kids
get the Tupperware things we're kind of
immature anyways these are nice only
twelve books I can really fit a lot of
stuff in them oh look what are you doing
mommy tard there's four four people in
this one's in the womb okay see you guys
later bye okay go on ma'am ma'am can you
get out of the tougher word please my
eyes can't keep our stuff and then we
got kicked out of Walmart for the 87th
time
uhh
