hi I'm logging here see you happy
birthday hey but seriously get happy
birthday to you whose birthday is it
today whose face whose birthday is it oh
you're talking gibberish it's grandma's
birthday it's grandma's birthday today
how old is she
97 oh she's old Oh gross bless you
woman why is our house in shambles you
need to get your butt in gear young lady
I couldn't get her oh I'm sorry
big boom everyone I buy you those boots
if you're a true Shaytards fan if you're
you've been here for a long time then
you'll remember what happens way don't
say anything but in the comments if you
remember Oh Carly's her I was like woo
some cars us you will remember what
happened on the day that I bought her
those boots if you're a true Shaytards
anyways it's busy day today it's my
mom's birthday so I'm gonna go eat lunch
with my mom and my dad right now and
looks like Carly just brought home our
kids hey kids how was the pet store what
did you get anything dude son tard you
were looking like a straight G
tripped-out
thug with that hat I'm loving the dog
let's see you dance never denies the
dance it doesn't matter the time the
place or the outfit centaur will dance
on command like that Carly hi hi hi
Carly
hey what's up hate that little black
device my orange device that's cool what
you doing Nikki knows pictures I took
hey we ain't got
and I screams look let's see I can't I
just see reflection so you wanna gag the
monkey was biting the heads off of the
fish and the good monkey was do you love
this song I hate this song no I knew as
soon as the song came out like my
brother che is gonna hate this why did
you think I would hate that song cuz you
hate all girl powers no that's not it
it's not it's nuts not girl power she's
like hi I'm gonna party and show my
boobs I'm gonna drink oh that's why
can't we I don't think it's okay for
guys to do it but I hate when girls are
like I'm so
uh-huh look at my boobs awesome it's
such a fun time I'm gonna drink some
beers and like totally not even care
about anything oh yeah that's why I
don't like it no it's a good jam it's
catchy but it's annoying I want to punch
that girl in the face and say get some
moral young lady where's this muffin can
i film it okay let's trick oh wow
pressive so you do that yep happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
you throwing snow you guys doing
get your butt in there I'm gonna kick it
I'm gonna kick it you bet for the girl
for going to bahi Oh Mexican
real for my mommy's birthday how old are
you today mom 78 32 32 she's she's wait
guys like really ooh
doo doo really uh look seriously gross
so grounds where'd you steal that from
you
Oh Mahmoud see it's a happy birthday
sombrero here for you oh man I own a
coop Lian yo sathi cumpleanos on team my
friend the quarter like he stole the Hat
I just booked a hotel room for tonight
yeah I tell you we live close to this
place what are you smiling at what are
you smiling at then close to this place
that has these hot pots those natural
mineral springs and we're gonna go there
for my mom's birthday tonight set the
hot pots bring about to dinner and stuff
but my dad he's like honey you sure you
don't want to watch Boise State play
tonight what is that it's a sugar bowl
the Fiesta knows the it's the Fiesta
Bowl is on tonight Boise State's plan
tcu I think that both of them are
undefeated so it supposed to be really
good game and my dad's like are you sure
you don't want to stay here watch the
football game
my mom's like whatever we can stay watch
the football game but the kids we're all
excited to go swimming they're like
booyah so we're good swimmin with ground
so this is what I said I said what if we
got a hotel room that has a swimming
pool and so that me and Dad and the guys
watch the football game and the kid to
go swimming in the pool isn't that a
genius idea is it not a genius idea I'm
a genius
oh uh so I'm gonna be babysitting no
water no your watch your game
no and what Logan will make Logan do it
he can do it uncle tarde will do it will
make Logan watch them anyway it's also
right now Joe is coming over
Rickford guys know Joe is you do Joe
Bereta from barats and bereta theme song
barrettes ding some beretta brats and
Moretti
honey do you realize that the first time
I saw brats and Beretta was in this
house in that room and I was watching
them and I was like ha take you know
your watch guys are hilarious
and I was starstruck they were like they
were probably 60% of the reason I
started YouTube is because of brats and
Bretta if you guys are not subscribe to
brats and bereta link is in the MF and
sidebar mother effers check them out and
subscribe but anyways they're just
driving through town I'm for you to kick
me now they're driving through town and
and Joe's gonna come stop and say hi so
I'm excited for them to come over it's
gonna be awesome
oh they're here what do you guys do it
is Heidi there's no one happiness here
initially totally awesome montage now
theme song brats theme song Baretta
which ones which doesn't really matter
what cigarette set me up sleep right up
back okay alright okay are you in close
enough cuz you have to be this here's
the man Taj you're welcome hey there
Alice why that's a spiffy new bike you
got there haha
miss Pierce have some mail for you thank
you hello children
hello Joe maintaining his beard Tucker
why do you want me so close to you
anyways I I want I wish in the picture
so mom can see you oh oh picked happy
Mother's Day mom Tucker wants me humping
his shoulder
brats faretta barrettes Rhetta barrettes
Brad knock knock who's there
interrupting completely uncalled-for
interrupting
brats beretta Crudup broad umbrella
dobra changed my avatar I did him a
favor his old avatar was a half-naked
man there's Luke laughing and somebody
different
jerk and I kind of started pranking each
other a little bit oh it was all in good
humor at first you know harmless stuff
like switching the decaf with the
regular dumb stuff like that milkman how
about some vitamin D Baraka B end dad
you ready you ready go swimmin yes I'm
gonna get my suit what's that on your
head I want to protect my hair tonight
what are you doing
editing you're editing a video what are
you gonna put it on YouTube
she asked loser stupid happy birthday
moms yeah nice birthday you guys are in
front of your computer no we're here do
you want to watch the football game
you're watching here that's the truth
I'm edit a video and Logan is editing
the video pretty well swim in here in a
second but uh it's we're watching the
game so the kids can swim and Boise
State's gonna kill TCU it looks like I'm
sorry if you're a fan of TCU but they're
going down the Horned Frogs are going
down yeah now we do awesome aqua trick
okay okay
and of all yeah
that was kneeing parley
there's love card over there
Oh
ha
you guys
all right time
did you get it
Wow
mr Turner can have a baby throwing
contest baby good job
you're about to go down let's go
downtown dirty brown with a ping-pong
let's go bring it get C wins a ously
used to be a cheerleader their Boise
State with his kid hi guys go Broncos
she's already teaching you how to be a
cheerleader black happy birthday guy my
tard was that nice I bought you those
flowers love you happy birthday this
game is taking all the party favors yeah
we're taking it me hey happy birthday oh
I saw her I know you shouldn't do things
like that
because I'm gonna drop this pop on your
totally shoes that girl she just ate
your own booger I'm so sick wait stop it
guys see you guys senior the swimming
sombrero man says always wait 30 minutes
after eating to go swimming
