right hey here we are we're in a hotel
room why are we in a hotel room it's
secret
why Sun tarde Wow
hey guys um okay so I got some
information some bad news
I got a cover oh look at the double chin
I'm going my beard back is that okay
mami so ugly
not as bushy we'll keep it more of a you
know not yeah more of a classy beard is
there such thing you know pick your nose
what jumping on the bed let's see it one
two three
anyways um I have to admit something you
guys I did not film anything so this is
a makeup video this is a hi I'm behind
add a video please forgive me we're here
at this hotel right now check this out
Ornish tell you guys a story real quick
I'm just recording this on my laptop I'm
just holding my laptop this pool um we
came here in highschool and me and my
friends we climbed up on this look at
this spout and right here behind me see
this fountain right here we it was
really hard but we got a chair we got
like a beach chair over here and I stood
on the chair and my friend climbed on my
shoulders and then he put his feet on my
hands and I boosted him up and he
climbed up on top of this thing right
here and we would jump off of it into
the swimming pool like over this
fountain thing and it was a ton of fun
and we actually ended up getting kicked
out because this thing almost broke we
had two of us up there at once and this
thing started shaking back and forth and
almost broke anyways this is like where
we used to come like for prom that prom
dances here and then like everybody
would get around the pool afterwards
there's cool stuff like oh sorry dude
there's a ping-pong table there's a
foosball table all kinds of stuff so
we're staying here tonight you'll have
to tune in to the blog tomorrow to find
out why but I just realized as we just
got here I was like crap I haven't
ordered a video for today cuz I didn't
get any footage for mystery look at baby
she's excited hey hi anyway so I hope
you guys will forgive me tell them to
forgive me yeah he's out there somewhere
so this is just a quick video because I
haven't uploaded anything but I didn't
tell anything yesterday so I'll put
trust me tomorrow's video oh man it's
gonna be the best footage ever you guys
wait wait okay so anyways thanks guys Oh
real quick I went if if you ordered a
beard tart shirt the rest of you can
leave the video now if you want to if
you ordered a beard tart shirt I just
went and ordered them to the day and so
the guy is gonna start making them on
Wednesday so I thought it was gonna be
quicker than that but it's gonna be a
little bit so be patient if you don't
get your beard tart shirt for like
another week and a half but I'm gonna
send them out as fast as I can
trust me I already have the bags and the
shipping labels and everything and I'm
we're doing all ourselves so it's gonna
take a little bit of time but please be
patient if you want to get a beard red
shirt the auction we have them on eBay
it's actually gonna stop tomorrow
tomorrow's me the last day
tomorrow the next day is I mean last day
we're gonna do it because we're just
gonna do some for the memorial thing
anyway so that's just some information
if you do order sure make sure you give
me your size and your address on the
order that's kind of a gimme but some
people haven't but all for your mouth
okay I'll see you guys tomorrow thank
you
it's a short video huh and then I taught
baby Tarte how to swim
kamikaze star
