whoa take and fill the whole theater
vibrating so cool yeah what's up guys
I'm by April but you know we're not
saying buddy yet we're saying hi hey
what we're wearing we're in our hush
gear we're going to a movie premiere
right here in Salt Lake City at the
megaplex for Casey and Eric's hussion
YouTube channel about to go in right now
where's mom and dad mom that are
supposed to meet us here
braylee braylee talked to us your dad's
having a movie premiere tonight how you
feeling how you feeling excited you're
proud of him you're acting nervous okay
cool cool cool just Darwin my mom and my
aim are working the ticket counter mom
don't let anybody in that doesn't have a
ticket all right make it a kid you know
ma'am no ma'am I'm on the list I'm on
the list
my brother made this movie
movies about the star looks about right
here we are here we are there she is
there he is look ed Bassmaster it Edward
is hiding there's Derek
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh then we have the
madam of the evening Kaylie Percy
she looks like Braley per minute anyways
we're about to watch no jeez look at the
crew just rolling in - Erin got a
haircut look how handsome he looks -
these guys are on fleek
Tyler did not get a haircut no haircut
for Tyler day on man look how handsome
he is that guy's just he's got it
together I'll tell you what
Dejan looks good he's an honest guy
ladies he got a locked dejan up man he's
good-looking
got Danny and Blake down there making a
piece of content gonna make a video for
the hush and youtube channel at Rick and
Danny's images we got it though really
know exactly where it was first so
there's a little bit of adventure but
elegant got lost when is to apply the
party ball usual usual ities happening
usual Aladeen news reality's gross
dudes big word time when all the typical
usual ities happen I'm like it's been a
good day yo yeah
in this last year a little smaller
Taylorsville sold out you showed about
200 people eh - this your life let's
step it step it up and do a 504 life
cannot wait wait campaign but we just
want to say thank you so very much for
coming out and supporting us you guys
don't know
videos capture our hunts fishing trips
anything outdoors we capture the
uploaded or YouTube audience people all
over the world to watch and the reason
we love it so much is because we are
very passionate about the outdoors that
many of you guys are and it's a really
good platform to share that with not
only diver hunter stay close to us but
people that they not I'm going to talk a
lot but like a said before thank you
guys so much for coming out and
supporting us we do get Ralph a little
bit jacked about having fun
thank you for bringing the kids out
that's what it's all about so laughs
we're going to clap cheer do whatever
you want have fun tonight and enjoy the
show once a week I wrote something here
here crowd thanks for coming to a live
movie well-spoken I'm not much of a
public speaker but it's so crazy to have
all these people you're supporting this
well thank you so much enjoy the show I
really hope you guys enjoy it it was a
98 minute seamless film of art on soaps
purple ice and playing thanks guys Oh
theater I'm excited
about to watch the movie guys one day
I'll finish my movie in April seriously
 you mentor you'll be taken fill the
whole theater vibrating I was headed for
the southwest corner of New Mexico
because me and Eric have helped have
down to the start three days so I was
going to go down there and scallop while
Eric and Brian came up here and Brian
had nanotech never filled Navajo I got
to about half way here and they called
me and said they found an extra tag at
one of these ranchers have on the cell
excuse my friends come here my good
friend try to shoot tonight and tomorrow
huh that's it so we just stopped oh he's
gone ranch stopped
classed out there beautiful lock and a
few pence we're going to go a
treacherous talk I'm not quick should be
fun you guys we found it in the airport
yeah time I found my book yeah what's
your name Tony Tony Tony found it it's
like yeah it's right over here
cleanse it go see there oh you even to
come here Salt Lake City Airport 9:00
look right exit your home
Sean John look like you - Ida buy this
would you mind signing I well sure I
took great I will put them up front here
William give you a chance
come to the saw like a port I'm the
bookstore here he's signing the book
thank you sir I gotta buy one of them
okay II wanted to mmm so cool there is
Salt Lake City Airport you come in here
I'm signing these books come and get it
and I better go get our flight yeah they
don't leave us I am determined I know
you're hungry but I have to find the
ring first guys look these guys are
hungry Shay's not here he's out of town
and I really want to go look for his
ring out here and so I brought rocks
treasure truck which really actually
works it's like a metal detector it's a
really mild one but it's a metal
detector so I'm going to look for his
ring and then I'll put hay in the thing
but if I put hay and the thing before I
look for the ring and I'll just be
harder to find okay guys so I'm gonna
look for the ring and then I'll play it
for you okay okay is that cool we have
an agreement I know I know you're hungry
I know just give me a minute okay
all right so we're gonna go look for
Shay's wedding ring in the cow feeder
with the treasure truck let's go okay
I'm starting to feel a little ridiculous
the cows are all staring at me I am
waiting through their stuff because the
snow all melted right here and it's kind
of gross right now I'm not gonna lie I
might just get a new one because it's
gross out here
but I got the treasure truck and it's
working but I'm not finding anything yet
I know you guys hungry I'm sorry all
right keep looking so I look for the
ring for a while with the treasure truck
no success
it's disgusting out there I think that
we're gonna have to wait to get like a
real heavy-duty metal detector and wait
till the cows are done pooping right
there yeah one of them probably ate it I
have to search through you know what you
okay
so now I got a feed on my promise of
mine feed them and they keep moving at
me so I gotta feed them so you guys are
gonna have to sit right here let's go
feed the cows right you guys ready let's
go feed the cows you're riding on the
sled you having fun
grows out there you do not want to fall
on that stuff oh I'm so cool yeah what's
up it's good training you guys
CrossFit style oh shoot I need a better
running start I was running and then I
stopped to get the camera I know I'm
coming for so hungry okay okay all right
they love me it's official you're fed
and you love me don't you
oh that's a workout hay bales are heavy
guys if you want a good CrossFit workout
or just a good workout in general pick
up some hay bales
all right jab dude eat roots grow big
and strong now I gotta go feed the other
the other little cows hey guys
okay so Shay's coming home today we're
really excited to see him little Dax I
was watching for him out the window
you're gonna tell us when he gets here
your hair jockey America's coming today
they're gonna film this a little bit do
some interviews and stuff yeah we're
getting close by done by April but you
know we're not saying bye yet we're
saying hi do you see him
Juicy's truck well quit teasing me I'm
excited yeah I'm ready for Valentine's
Day tomorrow thanks for good Hey Oh I
guess things haven't been like super
good yesterday all five of the kids were
sick Gavin got it first then bra
conduction and I got home just in time
to like pick them up Carly had to clean
up puke and grandma had to clean up few
guys out so Belle I thought he's here oh
you're gonna hide he's here dad's here
guys I'm not many oh my love oh my
goodness I thought he was gonna run into
you full blast did you miss your daddy
you'll miss your daddy this is yeah
Oh daddy's ro babies babies come on
babies hopefully you got the tail end
and you won't get sick great thank you
yo yo yo yo yo so I was in Los Angeles
that's where we were that's why we're at
the airport that's where we saw my book
and now I'm home and now nothing you
don't care okay here we are back home
Gavin's doing a book report on
Stonehenge looking up research yeah yeah
what is it I have two really big reports
total Stonehenge yeah I am but I did a
little work on that now I'm doing
another book report that's due on
Thursday and why stone tundra ports - on
Tuesday well bro when I tell people
you're doing a Stonehenge report don't
be like no because I look like a liar
he's doing a Stonehenge report we are
currently speaking but I'm just saying
in general there is a Stonehenge report
being waited to hand in like the Johnson
file right now it's not Saints happening
they're turning into bratty teenagers
haha well I love you good job reports
knowledge it's good for you try to have
two scoops a day I believe that these
devices are teaching us how to move our
bodies just by thinking it's the first
steps to teleportation to be able to
think something because really you're
not really you know focusing on what
you're doing with your feet right almost
like a sheet asking but it's not that
hard but you don't think about it it's
like you're just doing with your brain
almost like at first you're definitely
making that like foot brain balance
gravity connection / transition but
after a while you don't even think about
it
but what you do think about is oh I want
to go over here I want to flip around
this way and you know what's cool about
it is there's creativity there's not
like just left turn right turn it's like
you can go backwards and sideways and up
ways and it's like the wonkavator
everything related to lanka
come on move around I'm giving all the
scientifical data you got to show us
some brain movement with your feet motor
go over there try to move around with
only thinking about it know what not
like that
I don't know actually I don't know how
that would look good job selling sick
bud the kids have been throwing up but
they're feeling better now
love you okay there's a presentation
that I am about to witness oh nice you
guys are so cute what's this Oh eyes are
so sweetie to make all these yeah not so
cute thank you happy Valentine's Day you
guys we're actually getting ready to
have a Valentine's Day dinner we're
going to have Shay's parents come over
and have a Valentine's dinner with us
cool thank you guys maybe I'll wait to
read all the cards until dad comes down
he's being interviewed right now ooh
thank you guys all right all right all
right all right here we are
Avia explain to us what is going on
right now we are having a Valentine's
Day we have it every single year be
having those two your things are filled
with literally hope their hearts
Sweetarts
we all have a chocolate box it turnes
hole let me see oh that's cool - the
boys got tennis balls do they smell like
tennis balls and then they all place
medicine surname on them
you can either hide it under or set it
up and the girls set up all of these
grandpa grandma you guys got yours look
there he is grandpa Carl how did you
decide where to place people here on the
table decided that all adults would be
on one side cause I'll be talking about
crap and
well let's get started I love talking
about crap all right that's a wrap on
Valentine's Day dinner
whoops tax and just bit my finger off he
was eating a cucumber Joel it bit my
finger charlie bit my finger dry baby uh
thank you for the decorations Colette
the potatoes weird always right was it
yummy see faint line all right everybody
happy Valentine's Day all right why are
they gross I forgot for the a banana to
say oh there's only one a man ago why is
this egg on the calendar that is oh goes
in the recipe it's all right are they
good they taste weird
what's egg for anyways in cookies
cameraman book okay since she frosted
him before she baked them yeah then put
them in the oven it says you rule who's
that oh he's our transformer Valentine's
Day roll wrap Optimus broad now you rule
Dawg you know you rule hey hey brah
Jackson show us your thing do the thing
know do your thing remember well here do
all this look here you can have this
remember show us your thing Rock do it
they were having a you rock off rock
would go you rock the DAX would go yo
you rock and then Brock would go you
rock but it looks like that scence not
that you rock kind of move who went to
I'm mediocre at best
Jackson tell him you rock self-esteem
police all right happy Valentine's Day
everybody
oh look there's a documentary camera
crew here movies coming out soon
everybody keep your eyes peeled you're a
regular
but you try to be something
and the share
oh say
in the shade
