okay so we just picked Malachi up from
the kennel I had him in a kennel for
like a babysitting kennel dog place
anyway for two days for over New Year's
and he is so except now he's shy
oh come on show me what you were doing
he was literally running circles in this
small little room right here for um then
you ran outside so you ran downstairs
and scared the kids and then you ran
back up your brown circles you ran
outside and as soon as I grabbed the
camera I don't know I guess I just don't
want my shenanigans put up on YouTube
again gosh just leave me alone okay did
it on purpose we're at swingers mommy's
eating some wings I of course I'm just
having a lemon salad wedge not even the
salad it's just the the lemon wedge that
would come on the side of the salad had
I got the salad that's all I'm having
that's just the salad wedge slide lemon
yeah I'm a vlog doll day eight o'clock
at night I don't feel like vlogging not
the beard I think I've lost my vlogging
power I feel embarrassed
today is me and mommy tarts anniversary
by anniversary hey guys well mommy's in
the bathroom is a secret mommy just
thinks that we're going without sounds
weird to say mommy my wife my hot
freakin what things that were just
having dinner and then going to a movie
we're gonna go see the Blind Side and
she just thinks that we're gonna go home
after the Blind Side but I got my mom to
watch the kids alright so after the
movie I'm gonna take her to a hotel once
a hotel room today thank you
she looked at me funny anyway so mom
doesn't know this but we're gonna go
stay in a hotel room tonight and we
don't have to have the kids so we're
just gonna go and relax and watch movies
and we might kiss a little bit we'll see
if she's lucky I don't know I'm looking
pretty hot now without this beard so if
I'm not feeling generous I might let her
kiss me anyways it's our seventh year
anniversary tonight and I'm gonna
surprise her by we get we're getting a
hotel to go and hang out it's gonna be
lot of fun happy Anniversary happy
Anniversary happy Anniversary happy
Anniversary happy Anniversary how many
years darling
seven years together Wow getting treats
for the movies what are you getting let
us see right now okay more eat our Red
Vines gummy bears score what are you
thinking I of course I'm just getting a
water because I want a shayloss diet
yeah that babies yeah that's not baby
that's extra mommy baby there's gonna be
drinking water tonight guys that's all
I'm getting looks like you have extra
money every time she gets pregnant I'm
like uh-oh looks like there's a little
extra mommy going on right there and
then she's like shut up fat-ass okay we
just saw the blind side what did you
think mommy tired
you loved it yeah after that after the
movie she said mommy says I want to go
do something for somebody
let's go adopt somebody yeah let's go
adopt a future vlogger okay let's go
look in the slums and see if we see any
good potential vloggers in the future
you haven't seen blindside uh you got to
check it out it's pretty good it's a lot
funnier I think I laughed a lot in it I
laughed a lot more in it than I thought
I would but a cool story true story
would you say your parents watched on TV
that it's very accurate to what happened
in real life
yeah no more insight than that huh yeah
yes it was just very easy very true to
the true strike you know awesome yeah
they take liberties yeah this will make
the story better didn't really happen
but yeah it's a really good movie if you
guys haven't seen it check it out it's
1236 what are we doing for anniversary
do something else I'm surprised she
doesn't call the sector I'm sorry she
hasn't called and said are you guys
almost here
there Bryce sleeping
hi it's our anniversary
I've been Anniversary happy Anniversary
happy Anniversary happy anniversary
something really amazing cameras the
cameras on me you better do something
amazing but soon as a character she
doesn't do her shell she's a turtle just
like a trickle she think it's a trick
ball I can't believe you ate all that
candy tonight I just had this one that's
all I had and I didn't sneak it in yes
you mustn't look at this fake see this
fake
I did the granite in that Bank all in
that Bank they have really nice granite
and I did all of it can I get through
here you can't get through here let's
just stay here let's just stay here okay
okay we're staying here
okay okay let's go let's go come on I
got our stuff let's go good one come on
honey it's our nanniversary you're gonna
stay at the hotel I just said s we are
what are you I don't know what you're
doing I got my got my leather underwear
so you might want to see those excited I
don't know we're going to the hotel
silly yeah we don't need to pick up
those stupid brats
are you surprised
oh yeah okay we're here oh good that a
stove hurry make me something I'm hungry
make me some dinner
I want some macaroni and cheese and I'll
make it waffles in the morning this is
crazy I've never been in a hotel as
dishes popcorn bowl there's a calendar
calendar and a microwave and a full
fridge coffee maker look even has a
dishwasher all right get doing the
dishes you can come to bed after you do
the dishes here's our little living room
area then here's our bathroom and here's
the king-sized bed room that's a weird
color for the walls isn't it green let's
see how jumpy that bed is
take your boots off whoo
it's about C you're gonna have the baby
everybody is always on the comments
they're like she shouldn't be running
she's pregnant
mommy tired when baby tired was pregnant
she taught classes you were teaching
aerobics classes tell how like eight
months you taught her you try to rub
it's class a Thursday before you headers
yeah so you guys trust us we know we're
doing baby-making prose she knows how to
keep the baby in keep it safe I hope so
that's not the hard part okay three in
the morning and me and mommy's harder
just laying there watching a movie watch
the kids for me and I just he usually
always on schedule about 3:00 in the
morning
has to go to the bathroom and so I'm
just saying they're in bed so I'm going
to drive home to go at malachite out so
he can go peepee in the potty what a
what a nice anniversary present for me
to give to him the gift of urination
happy Anniversary mommy and daddy thanks
for letting me go pee
