hi I'm vlogging here oh that's adorable
got the rope what are we building in
here this is zipline you built this and
this is zipline you can zipline from Sun
tarts bed down to baby cards bed I take
a rope swing
let's see you hang on it
princess try let me see your hair your
hair looks so pretty Wow
nice that your baby these as big as you
are maybe a little mommy that's cute
happy new year what are your new year's
resolutions to win the shayloss Gontier
I'm wet you're gonna be in it I'm gonna
win Tyler what's yours what's yours
I don't have any legend for flying no
congratulations
what's your new year's resolution we try
to do that in like a pretty princess
whoo
explain the game we're playing it's
called what if what if and we have to
write questions just random questions
and then what do we do every has to
answer somebody will answer your
question and then somebody's going to
read a question and the next person
you're gonna read the answer off some
other question okay it's gonna get crazy
it's gonna get crazy in here here we go
so what if shaycarl got butt naked at
midnight that would make this party the
best party what if shaycarl got butt
naked at midnight you would all be
pounding down the broccolis Oh gross
I've never wanted broccoli so much of my
life then I'd quit my job and become his
personal trainer
what is track played in the NBA
we wouldn't be walking in circles what
if the world was square then grandma
would have to call a carpet cleaner in
the morning what is it what if we didn't
have to go to the bathroom I'd get super
mad and then shave off the other one
other one what what if your sister
shaved off your eyebrow then we would
all be jealous
what if a Maria was bald and she
wouldn't look like Justin Bieber and
creepy guys with mustaches wouldn't take
her for rides in their vanity what if
Logan didn't curl his bangs and we would
be more than just friends Trent likes
the CT man what a trend started touching
Kasey is that why your wife left red
what if farting was the new flirting I
wouldn't be in so much trouble
what if you got what you wished for then
I would buy the country of China what if
we got $10 every time Tyler went to jail
that's a joke at your expense get it cuz
you go to jail a lot they were playing a
game where you have to read a sentence
and you have to read it in a certain
type of emotion and then every has to
guess which emotion here it goes higher
snobby crazed or mysterious phrase
yeah oh good captain adventurers here
you got it
that's my new year's resolution already
accomplished so do i my cologne blanket
Oh feet out a little bit cooler but it's
still really hot my nose is wet
something else wrong because you're died
in the day
oh you lost your shade now you pull down
with that hat off but the beer and
everything is still dispelling a lot of
heat and you still got to take something
else off something's causing me to get
really really hot
hawkman one day it's making me even
harder what a day on your body that you
got to take off its we make me hot so
take something else well I really make
Nebu off I'll take this condom mom is
like a hundred weight agrees to be
little like some you do the dumb hot
chicken the one thing that's on you hot
really hot warm thing okay one thing I
don't want to do it where's my white so
hard over there and just get take that
off one thing is big enough once you get
this
we have to put the thing in your mouth
and it's really hard to hold them out oh
I see then you have you up very Wonder
Man and then you have to turn your mouth
and then he puts his head down and you
hit him right here on top of the head
with the spoon then you see who's
colossal honest it is harder you can't
fish it out damndest a millivolt
goodbye 218 put it in your living like
minorities Oh with it sounded like a
really good
don't leverage you leverage come on
Tyler get him get this time oh okay give
him a gimmick good with a son
I showed my technique yeah okay let's go
okay now we're playing a game called the
entertainer and I was just upstairs now
I'm coming downstairs I know what's
about to happen go grandma get this
place cleaned up okay this game is
called the Entertainer your job is to
entertain us when you've done a good job
for clap already took my clothes off
what more do you want he entertains that
he left okay
hello money hello darling hello my
ragtime gal send me a kiss bye wha that
was easy
Hey Oh some people they don't get it oh
okay
send the next one next so basically I
just make you guys clap by clapping
mimic we mimic what they're doing okay
come here and entertain us hey Logan
this game is called the Entertainer your
job is to entertain us when you've done
a good job will clap for you go
entertain this interface no not at all
this seems really it seems so easy
coming here Dana's grandma
oh grandma oh that was hot a job used to
entertain us when you've done a good job
will clap for you we all had to do it
there's Jana's entertain dad dude it
over let's do the robot arrow arrow
arrow you are the dumbest person to go
so far this job this game is called the
Entertainer your job is to entertain us
when you've done a good job will clap
for you show them that one thing you do
for me at home your entertain until we
clap
the entertainer
yeah whoo you sobbing you're still
weren't as sexy as grandma this game is
called the Entertainer
your job is to entertain us when you've
done a good job will clap for you not to
be confused with the Cleveland steamer
be the nuts
oh that wasn't entertaining I gotta sit
down you have a hard act to follow tell
you what if you take your shirt off
it'll probably help oh yeah that was
cool come on your boss escalation of the
Entertainer we case entertain for quite
a while bus it's a good move you get it
you get it
okay the ball is dropping there's 20
seconds left to this decade Happy New
Year's mommy tart I hope you have a
wonderful new decade in 2010 ten nine
eight seven six five four three two one
first Happy New Year whoo
Happy New Year Happy New Year I want to
just chickens Happy New Year father Shea
Happy New Year mother
Happy New Year whoo where's my New
Year's kiss
happy 2010 hey have a good decade Happy
New Year Happy New Year say Happy New
Year Oh what can making snowballs to
throw it Casey as he drives away oh it's
cold it is snow I'm only gonna get three
whoa
canker hurts it froze water cadence did
the first one is the best you like got
it right in the window what an arm
oh my hands are freezing
you
