hi I'm login here good morning YouTube
what's going on everybody I am in a good
mood today
I don't know it's 300 today is the day
that we have uploaded 300 videos
consecutively every day we've uploaded a
video every day for 300 days it's
exciting I don't know if you guys knew
this about me but I have only I've been
doing this drill thing for longer than
just these 300 videos I actually have
just been reading in my journal that I
keep and it's exciting it's exciting
look at all these days that I wrote in
my my journal I set a goal in 2007 to
write in my journal every single day for
an entire year so it's not just the
videos it comes why do I do that why do
I do that many reasons one reason I just
read about it's an old saying that says
if life was worth living then it's worth
recording so that's what I do I my life
and I think it'd be cool to your
posterity mom today is the 300 video 300
videos you should care mom I've
accomplished something in my life I've
uploaded 300 videos to YouTube are you
proud of it mom say you're back so
you're proud of you
say your mommy say you're proud of me
see your present mom say surprise that
fighting crabbers ideas you ready go to
the movies let's go to the movies good
fine whoo whoo good morning son tarde
how you doing today
excellent did you comb your hair
why do you like your hair that better
let me see your hair you think that
looks better
yes I think you should spike this part
up a little bit but you like to comb it
down yes why because I like it you think
it looks cooler yeah I don't know should
we ask the people in the videos to tell
what
may your hairs better nope you don't
even care their opinion you just like
how you like it and that's how it's
gonna be all right more power to you
dude
you're looking good looking snazzy what
are we gonna go do today oh it was so
exciting what movie were gonna go to
we're gonna go see where the wild things
are what what is she rocking chair
Christmas is over
there's only 363 shopping days till next
year
I love those pants what button my shirt
all right on button okay we're gonna go
see the matinee of where the wild things
are at the dollar theater because it's
been out for a long time and we haven't
seen it in the kids have literally
wanted to see it and and that's what
we're doing we're here walking me hey
her brother tardes what's up dawg hi
dude you're right over the bushes note
to self don't let sudden tar drive the
minivan there you go
floor it floor it you don't cruisin USA
cruisin you answer
how's the game going so far you having a
fun time Sun card excuse me we have a
few questions for you how's the driving
going
Oh collision Go Go oh you're killing
innocent bystanders hey Wild Things
movie review what do you think what you
don't like oh there was never any real
resolution it's like get over it each
other I'm one of those people that if
the movie isn't like does it make you
feel like
 afterwards you know like it yeah
mommy turns the fairytale ending movie
fan if it's not like everybody's in love
and happy at the end then she's like I
didn't really like it
which is fine I my interpretation of it
is uh it was it was interesting I yeah
there's good I liked that movie I mean
there's there's a lot of you can deduce
from it one of the things that reminds
me of is you can please some people some
of the time but you can't please all the
people all over the time and a lot of a
lot of real life correlation in such a
fantasy world that he was dealing with
but I liked it it's I like movies that
make you think like what is this relate
to how does this relate to me who what
character do I relate with in this movie
anyways I was entertaining and I felt
like I should be on drugs through some
of it it's always interesting what my
favorite parts I like the stick that was
in his arm after that was my favorite
arm that's what true friendship is
forgiving somebody who rips your arm off
that's true friendship go imprint to
start print to start hey excuse me can
you do me a favor you do me a big favor
do not smile don't stop
stop it why can't you just do me a favor
and not smile stop smiling hey retard
you need to release my thumb from thy
mouth come over something come over do
on your marks get set go
okay mami tarde would go just amazed how
Dan the Costco here in Idaho is in
California you can't even walk through
the aisles it's so busy oh yeah any day
of the week it doesn't even matter come
and run inside watch this that's pretty
well
smooth much fun it is whoa whoa whoa
oh geez show us what you got
that was a I can't fly it I better jump
it's so good this is one of my favorite
smells new tennis balls new racquet
balls
new tires anything rubber I just love
the smell of new balls it's my favorite
smell ever
if I could just be in a room full of new
balls son tard son tard where are you oh
oh I thought I lost you
you're there come out of the deep hole
of rubber tires son tar
I missed you let's see get out of there
can you climb out of there climb up
climb out
oh hey mom you tard
we're just hanging out and the tires you
get 20 seconds to hide them to come find
you okay
go wait you go in there and we'll high
one two three
18 19 20 ready or not here I come what
sister Bridget start all right get them
teeth brushing come on
scrub them get all those sugar bugs out
of there is the sugar bugs are attacking
your teeth hurry
the sniper rifle out who there's one of
the fact you see it get it oh wow he's
fighting on your gums now did you get
all the sugar bugs you need some
toothpaste on that here here's some
toothpaste
okay ready I can't see okay Russian
Russian good you're spilling everywhere
all right I think I think that he needs
to help airbrush
moisturizer
and if you want to watch my brand-new
shaycarl video click on my bubbles
