I reckon you better hand over them five
stars
she gets the che energy is what I call
it and she just has to like wrestle or
scream or something
and this is what she said she was I'm
going outside I'm like where are you
going
she went outside to scream cuz I told
her she can't scream in the house
because it's too loud in our hurts our
ears so she was I'm going outside to
scream I'm like why she was cuz I want
to scream no other reason other than she
wants to scream ok let's go up with the
door you might want sight of screen like
WrestleMania at all g2 markets is free
more ok so I'm going to get some shirt
so I'm not gonna go get him I'm gonna go
talk to the guy who's gonna make some
shirts some beard tard memorial shirts I
think I've gone through all the stages
what are that what is it like Mercer's
denial then there's a visit denial and
then you fight it and then there's
acceptance I think I finally accepted
that my beard is going to the wayside oh
I'm kind of sad but at the same time I'm
really excited I'm excited for the new
year 2010 is a new time my wife is
calling me while I'm vlogging huh hi
what's up
what's up well I am now driving vlogging
and talking to you and steering with my
elbows let me pull over what's up
okay I'll cut okay bye
love you bye she goes okay just call me
when you're done vlogging okay anyway
I'm excited for 2010 we got the
weight-loss competition coming up and um
my birthday I'm gonna turn 30 years old
you guys I'm 29 right now and the vlogs
are supposed to come to an end on March
5th I don't know if they will I might
keep going why would I stop I mean it
would be dumb for me to stop right I
don't I can't decide yet I'm almost
positive that they will continue because
we got the new we got the new fetus tard
we got the new fertilized egg tart on
the way yes mommy tardiness pregnant if
you guys didn't know a lot of you people
are still asking I don't know why we've
said it like three videos now anyways
I'm going in here to check out some
shirts for a memorial beard tard rest in
peace shirt so let's go check them out
coming time to start acting like a man
we're gonna replace this battery look at
all this battery acid so bad you guys
remember my old truck I love this baby
but power ram 50 the sweet tires and the
tinted windows never felt like more of a
man than one of your man's in his truck
riding down the road you know throwing
beer kids out the window and shooting
mailboxes yeah getting arrested go to
jail like such man okay we're gonna
attempt to take this battery out and put
this battery in so that the truck will
run and here comes my faithful assistant
wearing my coat and my hat you're so
adorable
I missed that hat you look hot though
alright the first thing I think would he
do here remove this battery brace
you know that promotion bro seriously
nothing makes me feel like a man more
than working with my hands I used to do
it for a living
and I felt too manly now I feel Metro
without to malli I don't feel too much
you know just missed Oscar all it's like
you spit out testosterone and loogies
it's like you're two and you just
literally spit pure testosterone on the
ground no I'm not mean you're like two
sunflower seeds
yeah no I'm more of like you know I live
in LA and you know I get $40 haircuts
and I Drive a minivan $40 what are you
saying about our minivan is it not manly
just not the most manly thing there can
be you know there's more manly items in
the world that many men step to put the
battery back in the car the new battery
we had a little a little weirdo thing
here I never seen one of these usually
the batteries I'm used to have these
terminals where it's already connect to
the car then it just goes over that but
this one is already attached so we have
to take this off you guys see one of
these before any mechanics up there I
take this off the old battery now I'm
putting it back on and then these are
supposed to go inside of there and then
we tighten it up so hopefully we're
doing this right
Tomica conjured up
the battery is installed
hopefully that is the answer to our
problems come on mami you're the lucky
you're the lucky one if you start this
car you win it if you have the lucky key
that starts this car you get to keep it
come on big money big money big money
big money good battery did it man yeah
yeah what do you think princess tarde we
did it good job coworker way to go
assistant you're the hot tool time
assistant so beautiful tune in next week
when we teach you how to change the
transmission and I'll probably just pay
a mechanic to do it going okay I love
you bye yeah I get that one down there
oh yeah we're doing the chores wait what
kind is that is that fat-free let's see
is it free hey good job put it in their
pediatricians told us fast free milk is
just as good for you as the 1% or 2%
what do you guys drink I remember as a
kid growing up we always had 2% then
everyone saw my mind my mom would get 1%
and I'd be like Rose tastes like water
and now if I drink 2% it's gross for me
if I drink 2 percent now it's like
creamy it's like yeah so we always get
the fat free the skim milk son tard I
think it's only fitting that me and you
ride this tandem bike should we try it I
think it's only fitting that princess
star to be our camera girl can you film
us okay here
I can see the body in you yes I see it
okay pretty sorry go down there further
deep dude in Italy
hey film us
we're the ones raising the tandem bike
so Gary what you'd go hey climb on okay
now me and Princess are getting ready
then hang on tight okay stay right
behind us let's go in here
I'm not sure
hey guys I'm afraid you're gonna get in
trouble we're just not the bike you're
gonna get in trouble mister is that fun
daddy thought so he just took the
battery back and I feel good I feel very
I was feel excited when I get something
done like that we're something you could
have paid somebody to do but you do it
by yourself I was so excited to do that
uh here's a little insight if you guys
are ever depressed I get a lot of people
who ask me Shane why are you in such a
good mood all the time well that's
because of drugs but there's other
reasons too just kidding no drugs kids
one thing I do well there's a couple
things but here's a little tip if you
guys have tried everything else I don't
know just a suggestion if you ever feel
like you're depressed or you're in a bad
mood do work work will work when nothing
else will for instance like last night I
was like ah I feel like it's like
frustrated and I looked at my room in my
office area my desk was a giant disaster
so I said you know what I'm gonna turn
some music on I'm gonna clean this baby
up cleaned it up all night is listen to
some tunes and I felt a hundred percent
better so just a little insight if you
guys are ever like like crap just do
stuff do your chores things that you
like you have a to-do list things even
me need to get done forever I know there
are certain things that you've been
meaning to do for months come on don't
lie there's something you can think of
it right now in the back here mind
it's like you know it could be anything
I paid the ticket that you needed to pay
or take something back to the store or
clean something out or call somebody or
send something in the mail I don't know
what it is but I know that there is
something that you have been putting off
for a long time do that thing set goals
get things accomplished I was just
reading a book about JC Penney the guy's
name
you know JC Penney the guy who started
drinking Penney his name was I think
it's JC Cash was his name or James Cash
I can't member exactly what his name is
you know as he used to say show me a
stock clerk with goals and I'll show you
a CEO but show me someone with no goals
and I'll show you a stock clerk so set
goals in life achieve them just and
don't know try to overload yourself just
pick one thing that you can accomplish
and go after and get it okay guys no
surprise
we're gonna think your baby's gonna sit
right there okay
beretta Five Guys Burgers I've never
tried this we're just gonna get a few
burgers to test we're all share princes
tired wants to the other camera its
booth this is a new one in our town if
he has ever heard of Five Guys Burgers
this seems like another in-and-out type
of place anyways don't yell at me to get
me some cheeseburgers the diet starts
January first so I had a couple days to
enjoy a few little deliciousness
you tell him princess turn tell them and
their way some delicious burgers my
homies baby tarde was hiding under my
beard this entire video
