hi good morning the baby Todd is ready
that is such a pretty dress look at your
shoes Oh beautiful do you like it do you
like your dress baby card oh we got
twinners let's see you guys as Twitter
dresses lets you guys do a spin spin
around all perdy we looking good ladies
now you gotta go comb your hair I love
your shoes they match your dress
perfectly with my hands up doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo
I said yeah it's a body in the USA why
am i singing that song baby tire let's
see your hair that is so cute
oh mama Todd you're so hot as ever son
tired combing your hair you no need for
church up top dog getting all the ladies
at the preschool yeah you know the
ladies at Sunday school
Oh a pretty necklace yeah let's go see
oh nice all right let's go mommy where's
your pre church booty shake come on
no no no no no no no no
oh the future's so bright you gotta wear
shades you guys I just thought of a
genius idea and I don't know if it's
already taken already and I want you
guys to tell me if this is a taking idea
but I wanna I want an invention
you know the fob the key fob where you
unlock your car when you're getting in
your car quiet baby guard just left I
want an invention now I know they
already have this in some cars where
there's different settings for drivers
like where your seat is how high your
steering wheel is where the rearview
mirrors are set because there's
obviously taller and shorter drivers
every time I get in the car when mommy
tarts driving it's like oh I hit my
knees on the steering wheel cuz the
seats so close what I want is on a key
fob when there's to unlock buttons it'll
be like a driver one unlock button and a
driver to unlock button so say I'm
driver one per se and mommy Tong has
just driven the van if I go I'm walking
to the van and I hit the unlock button
on the driver's ed all my settings the
mirrors the seats the rearview mirror
maybe even my favorite radio station
would that be awesome so that by the
time you sat down in the car
as you're walking to the car you hit
unlock it starts changing everything and
as you sit down everything's the way you
like it that's an invention that
somebody needs to come up with Ford
Honda Toyota Nissan anybody out there
you need to do it unless it's already
done you guys let me know if you have
one of those okay just an ID I had by
that's the house I grew up in right
there that basketball hoop me and my
brother spent hours and hours on that
basketball hoop this rock right here we
went camping once as a family with my
mom and dad and brothers and sisters and
I pulled that rock out of the river so
that we could put right there my
initials are right underneath that pole
in that basketball hoop I kissed my
first girl in that garage her name was
Jenny and I came over I came over
there's these these girls that lived
right here and there's four sisters and
they lived right here and there was two
of the sisters that were my age and
one's name was Jenny she was the older
sister and we used to play basketball on
that hoop all the time we'd come over
here and play basketball with them and
she was in she was in ninth grade and
seventh grade and I came over to play
basketball one time and it was night so
I like helped her put the basketballs
away and then as I was leaving she goes
well don't I get a kiss and I was like I
guess you do
and it was weirdest thing ever I was in
seventh grade and I kissed her and then
I remember running home thinking I'm
gonna be in so much trouble I thought I
was gonna be the biggest treble ever and
then she was like a kind of a seductress
she called me doctor she called me later
on not that same day but she called me
she's like hey can we borrow a brownie
pan so I'm like sure so I go to run it
over and of course she's there home
alone all by herself and I was like and
she kissed me again anyways that was
that's some memories honey she was
nothing appeared to you though do you
need to borrow my brownie pan anyways
we're just we're just driving through
the old neighborhood I grew up in and
reminiscent talking about memories
memory is like the corner of my mind
this is my old bus stop I used to come
here every morning this is the common
area we'd run this common area I know
we'd come and we'd sit in here in this
bus stop and we'd play games we'd run on
those benches and we play tag and was to
climb these trees and play in these
trees and one day two of my friends got
in a big fight right here and they were
fighting right there and my friend's dad
saw from down there he saw him fighting
so he got in his truck he drove around
here and he came here and he picked him
up and he slapped him in the face really
hard and then he slapped me in the face
he smacked me hard I still remember like
the ringing in my ears and he goes
that's for not helping Adam and I was
like what I do and then my mom freaking
tore into him and he came over here to
come over and apologize to me
because he smacked me as a young boy I
should have fought him back but I was
just a little boy I think I was in like
sixth grade fifth or sixth grade anyways
good memories yeah I just smacked me and
I remember my ears ringing and I was
like disoriented I was like what just
happened I think that's not for hell
that's for not helping your friend
that's thing he did he had like this
really gruff voice he's like I'm a big
mechanic guy how much 160 eighty dollars
that would be quite the haul on teeth
from the Tooth Fairy what are you
yelling at you're starting to become
like a little baby camera celebrity
you're always like daddy look at me look
at me look at you send it on your bed
what's up and you'll have no teeth how
will you eat you can eat nothing it
sounds like a good plan
alright you guys see how we're leaving
we're gone to Grandma tarts house to
have spaghetti for dinner
run turd baby let's go baby tired give
your cousin a hug give my hugs Oh
Christian side hug girl
go get me kisses go get me kisses oh hi
mommy tard love you okay five seconds
ready one two run stairs I'm giving you
five seconds
oh yeah I'll turn it off one run at
Soros billion trying to run up the
stairs
you are looking handsome my friend
that's that's my old suit you know that
right mom yes that's son tard you know
that's dad's old suit I wore that when I
was eight years old
turn around see it nice gosh broad
shoulders flex for me let's see a little
dancin in that suit I don't dance
you're doing the walls partner la la la
la la la la ooh la la
shut up grand power dancing in here la
la la la la la la
Oh beautiful beautiful what are we doing
mama protecting Burger town oh the blood
and the gore and the guts that's a nice
family moment expect me that control
controller burger teeth I can't talk
right now
protecting Burger town our taken enemy
fighter the girls are learning so much
baby card Oh your hair is Sophia yep at
least burger town will be saved there's
99 cents on whoppers Junior's right now
this is why mommy tart doesn't like
video games oh look blood splattered oh
i'm sucking your thumb start throwing
grenades out there throwing the grenades
Ozzy's really creepy to me do it again
do it more things more it didn't sound
like you at all and freaked me out for a
second nice shot and mommy tard hey guys
if you I'm gonna give you guys another
heads up if you didn't hear about it we
were having a Shay loss weight loss
contest it starts January 1st if you
haven't heard about it you can check the
link in the sidebar and go to my
shayloss channel we're starting January
1st it's for three months going to the
last day of March you have to make a
video response of you showing your
before but go watch the video for all
the rules I
if you guys knew about it but if you
want to be in a weight loss contest
we're gonna have a lot of prizes at
least $500 as of now but we're gonna add
the sponsors later hopefully check it
out the link in the sidebar
if you want to join in the weight loss
contest okay good luck
