hi I'm log in here so uh what do you
think whoo twinners I love it or curve
bell you pick I like the curve I like
the flat flats for flat bills or for
people we like to poke themselves in the
testicles it's a little weird it's hard
to vlog in here because your windows
closer than the van after glean back hey
guys so we got a babysitter we are going
to the movies just the adults mama break
your frickin hands stop it we're driving
or driving brother tards 4runner mommy
tarts on the back looking hot as ever do
you want people to subscribe to your
YouTube channel links in the sidebar
other way mom you're looking so hot here
go see Sherlock Holmes quick on this
smack you two seconds I like your hat
you look so fashionable
it's your new outfit are those your new
boots once you're in your new boots on a
Caribbean passion
machine and please have a Caribbean
passion so good they don't shut up you
do too
you say hey hey big purse I need you to
hide my Jumba just in your purse where
you gonna put your Jumba juice Carly she
has breast cancer
it's berry cancer we're gonna hide your
Jamba in your flat bill hat yeah what is
what's the biggest thing you guys ever
snuck into a movie I snuck a whopper and
fries once into a movie and now we're
seeking Jamba Juice's into the movie
we're bad naughty okay so the movie is
sold out no room in theaters for the
Shaytards
and so now we're gonna just go get some
lunch instead but I have my Jamba mom
get Madeleine's look sorry guys my mom
so much just all right okay we are at
lunch father is eating a salad
sister tart is texting my brother
mama tart is eating a salad and I'm just
sitting here just gotta attack a text
from Kassim Kassim says hi everybody I
told him Kassim I told my family I for
you
hi Niki and casa we miss you give you a
bucket of peanuts when you come here
swear tell you the royal house dances
rule house Texas Roadhouse Roadhouse
all yeah whoo
work it Harley get out there and do it
do the stump
haha poppies poppies - don't tap on the
glass he's like do you think he hears my
voice and he's trying to figure out
where it's coming from
hi please do you want one of these
they're pure Ben Ben rotties hey I like
this one Carly it's not puppy breath
it's dog you guys should get them look
at these guys they want to get outside
he's gonna live yours
hey baby tard come here come here baby
darn where's your shirt naked baby
Tucker go put your shirt on you can't be
on camera put on your shirt you nudist
hey guys what's up I love you guys it's
such a genius creation that we've come
to well there it is put it on getting
rid of the porn box on the channel pages
I love it I love it I've only
oh there you go know your shirt hey go
put your shirt on
you're gonna whooping yet yeah anyways
um I'm gonna have my spam army come and
comment you out of here
he's you're naked go get your shirt on
right now what a good job oh just hate
it anyways you guys are doing awesome if
you don't know what I'm talking about
you know you see every once in a while
the little porn bots that pop up on the
channel pages you guys have done an
awesome job of spamming the comments I'm
vlogging here anyways you guys keep it
up good job pretty soon the porn bots
are gonna be out of business because
none of their little naked missus will
ever be seen because you guys are a
royal army a royal army fighting for the
cause of righteousness killing the
nakedness and putting the boobs and
butts on there be hi hi this one's still
make okay bye okay you ready okay you
have to film me Kay
all right hey guys so princess star got
this for Christmas and this is attached
and she wanted to take it off and we
can't find the scissors so I'm like how
are we gonna get this off without
scissors and it won't pull off finally
we have found to use the dagger of death
the dagger of death sighs okay you girls
don't ever touch this knife you
understand this is daddy's knife
daddy's makes them feel cool knife
you're gonna use this baby to cut away
from us because I got my token
badge as a scout the knife has worked
once again yeah
all right you can use this you're gonna
color this what is this a giant coloring
book oh wow that already you already
covered Ariel oh yeah who's this under
the sea scuttles and Sebastian
there's old flounder my mom your mom
who's your mom your mom Little Mermaid
alright thank you
the knife was useful hey you want a film
you want to be the camera person okay
here you go you got you gotta move your
fingers look hold it like this
move your fingers can you see daddy can
you see me hi follow me over here can
you see me up you look through the key
good let's do the camera okay follow me
over here follow me over here you need
some work it's okay we'll practice okay
go away get out of my room now I have to
open it so many chores
okay so making a roast beef sandwich
what do you guys put on your roast beef
sandwiches we thought maybe watch out
I'm turkey sandwiches however you put
mayonnaise and mustard I'm gonna make in
a roast beef sandwich yeah 11:37 because
I swiped it in the testicular region by
the way correction I did not the
mayonnaise yeah that's that's the
biggest debate in our marriage whether
you use Miracle web or mayonnaise so I
have to make things with Bowl because I
don't like my coy
this is like mrs. eventually what will
drive us apart
America with mermail our whole life we
have to have two jars in the fridge or
it's over it's some compromise and
honestly I think most of the compromises
I'm here in so you put mail and
sometimes I don't know you know I'm
making sandwiches are usually just so
hot
while we're singing out we're really
happy the kids are it's always fun I
like what she do it's watch a movie yeah
we feel like we're on a date mommy made
this roast and then the kids wake us up
really where they go how are we that's
so pretty so we're gonna watch the movie
what a movie to watch Star Trek we're
gonna watch what's that the new one that
centaur got for Christmas we're not g4
do we have other movies we can watch oh
that's right we haven't even taken
we didn't take to LA with us Serina
watch a movie and you know just hang in
we're gonna love each other that's what
she said what oh yeah so that's what
we're doing tonight we're gonna sit
around and love each other unless the
topic of Menace or Miracle Whip comes up
then it's over
