okay buddy
simmer down quiet hi hi you're looking
cute as ever all right we called you all
here today for a certain reason stop
dude you're gonna break it
I know you're excited but you simmer
down now sip it down
okay mommy chard would you like to start
off this meeting we've gathered you here
together today all right baby tired
that's cute
continue mother you honor brother
all right well we'll see what about you
princess tard you want a boy or a girl
you want another sister can you guys
believe mommy's gonna have another baby
can you believe mommy puts out that much
she's out wasn't me I didn't
well yeah let's hope that doesn't happen
to our mommy mommy has special cravings
when she's making babies so what do you
guys think when the summer comes in June
mommy's gonna have another baby you guys
are gonna have another brother or sister
what should we name them what if it's a
boy what will we name it we'll name him
little tard junior tard brother tard if
it's a girl
we can name our tiny tard
little what Larry
hey guys Larry tard here just hanging
out why Larry Mac's a cool name all
right baby tard what do you think you're
not gonna be the little cute one anymore
you're gonna be the middle sister that
nobody cares about
I'm just teasing we love you all
individually as unique people all right
so it's true mummy Todd is having a baby
and she's due June June what she's not
three months pregnant good job mommy
tired way to be fertile way to replenish
the earth
attagirl busted red-handed young lady
you want a whooping you want a swift
kick to the pants huh
you better go put that persuade your
mommy doesn't it get yes what do you got
in your hand what do you got I don't got
nothing daddy
oh let's see your fingernails well they
washed off cutie put that purse back
stay out of mom's stuff you're gonna be
trouble hey guys what's up I want to
take an opportunity real quick to talk
to you guys something I really want to
talk about boobs yes your mommy talk
what yes I want to talk to you about the
two B's boobs and butts let me explain
okay on my channel page on the Shaytards
channel page you may have seen some of
these porn BOTS who post their little
dirty thumbnails to try to get the
perverts out there on YouTube to come to
their YouTube channel to click on their
website I'm talking about boobs here get
out anyways I just want to talk to you I
want to show you guys something I just
noticed this kid Wizard kid 99 just
spammed a bunch of just random letters
and then at the top you put the boobies
are gone which means he just kept
spamming comments until he pushed all
the porn bots out of the way in the
comment section which normally I would
have been pissed
to him for spamming the channel just
like putting the comments over and over
and over but I think maybe we should
start a policy like that because I trust
me you guys every time I get on my
channel plot page I block and erase as
many of those porn BOTS as I can and I
usually every time I log on and I
usually do five or six of them and
there's some bad ones like full-on boobs
you know it's like I like boobs as much
as the next guy but there's people who
don't need to be seeing that on this
channel so I'm thinking now don't please
don't spam the channel just to be funny
but I'm thinking if you guys ever come
to my channel page here on the Shay Carl
you know Shaytards if you ever come to
this and you see inappropriate body
parts on here feel free to just spam
some comments so you push them out of
the way good job good job wizard kid 99
I like it way to get the porn industry
out of YouTube anyways that's our
section today on boobs
we got tall tard here again
yeah and we got brother tard who stoled
my weight bench have you used it how the
other video isn't it do you really
that's good okay so I'm gonna try to max
this is 45s 35 s and 25 s plus the bars
45 pounds how much is that - 55 here we
go I haven't done this forever
some tired you want to throw that okay
if I die die 30 you got a spa
that's right yeah okay you come track
down
come on Clark Griswald the times we try
it's go tall tard hi I wanted to talk
about one more other thing about the
vlogs that I've seen you guys commenting
on you'll see things like this that says
comment removed my author that means the
person who wrote it removed it it wasn't
me
there's been a lot of you were like
shake quit removing our comments I'm
like I'm not removing them you got his
art so if you ever see comment removed
by author whoever wrote that comment it
was them who removed it not me
I can erase comments and you won't even
see him I would just like erase them but
if you ever see comment room by author
its whoever wrote it some of you didn't
need to know that but some of you did
also let's just refresh memory real
quick why not when the videos first
uploaded it's bad quality the first hour
to two hours it's gonna be grainy and
bad quality it takes about two hours for
YouTube to process the full video where
it's in full quality ok just I'll let
you guys know love you bye
what are you thinking you want to make
up are you so are you so hot for me
right now
are you tired yeah let's go to bed I'm
tired too I just realized that I
uploaded five videos to YouTube today
talk about being sick of shaycarl black
man I uploaded in my shayloss weight
loss video on shaycarl the behind the
scenes video on the station to to shade
loss videos and a Shaytards video who
hopeful it's five videos in a day losers
like me
I'm sick of myself aren't you sick of me
yet go away I hate seriously I start
editing my videos I'm like shut up Shay
she's nobody cares shut up do you guys
ever get like that lets yourselves I
just need a break for myself you know so
good let's make a Katie that video hey
Katie let why don't you make videos
where you sing and play the guitar you
can make stuff up you don't look like a
poser what are some other questions
your sister is good people let's answer
some questions right now
you guys want to do a QA you want to do
a QA if you're sick of Shay yeah what'd
you guys get interact
why why are we living in this house I
thought we were living in California
what's going on I'm look confused that's
your answer thanks for participating in
this QA we're tired um the answer is
this house is ours we bought this house
how long three years ago has it been
three years
this March would be three years is that
right anyways we bought this house three
years ago and we bought this house today
that's a good story that's such a good
story I should tell that story sometime
we went down we went down to the title
company and signed the deed to this
house the day I quit my job how crazy is
that I literally went to work that
morning was my birthday it was my
birthday that's such a good story I need
to write that down or maybe I could just
vlog it right now this is when I worked
at a granite shop and I was going to
start my own granite business and I told
my boss I said hey
boss her sir he used to have this gruff
voice so we would always like mimic it
was like how you say so I was going you
get that job done yet up on Sutter field
anyways so I told him I said hey bossman
I am gonna start my own granite business
and I'm gonna give you one month notice
like I didn't want to like leave him
high and dry you know so I said I will
stay here for a month and I will train
whoever you get because at the time was
just three of us it was me another guy
so we had a lot of with a lot of work
just between the three of us so if I
left he would kind of be a creek you
know I'm saying without a paddle
so I said hire somebody and I will train
them for a month so you know have
somebody that's well trained before I
leave they don't like that I mean he and
I can understand now he kind of thought
it was a conflict of interest because
I'm gonna start my own granite business
but I'm still gonna be working you know
like with his customers for another
month so I went in oh you got to know me
about my birthday my birthday to me it's
like I think everybody should just
celebrate their birthday like it's it's
that's your holiday I don't like people
who are like gods my birthday I don't
care like I don't like that I want to be
like it's your birthday come on let's
get you cake good thing this is your big
day so you one day out of the year this
is the celebration of your life day and
so um it was like a Wednesday three
years ago can you believe it's gonna be
three years that I haven't worked for
anybody it's three years I'm almost
positive anyways so I went in on my
birthday I went in I clocked in and I
was like so miserable I was like I do
not want to be here today this is the
last place in the world I want to be
it's my birthday and I'm here doing what
somebody else is telling me to do
somebody else is in control of my life
right now because of one person I have
to be here when I want to be at home
with my wife and kids I want to go hang
out I want to go drive to the zoo and be
with them on this celebration of my life
day and I was like I was walking around
the shop and I was just like miserable
it just like was like repulsive to me
I feel like I was in jail I was like
this is horrible it's like oh I just I
don't want to be here so like you know
what I'm not I'm not gonna be here on
this day my birthday I just I can't have
somebody in control of my life telling
me when and when and when I can't hang
out with my family you know I'm saying
it's like if I were to get with my wife
and kids I'm gonna do and nobody's gonna
tell me I can anyways that's a long
story also so I called my boss I said
hey boss I'm I'm gonna go home I said I
it's my birthday and I just want to
spend the day with my family and so I'm
out of here and my boss said well you
know what why don't we just call it good
he said why don't we just say it this is
your last day and I was like okay okay
I'm and I I clocked out and I got my
truck to drive home and I called my wife
and I was like well I don't have a job
anymore and and she started crying she
started crying and I said honey it's
gonna be okay I promise I will provide
for you in the fur the kids I swear you
will be out on the streets and she kept
crying baby we got love and all you need
is love all you need is love is just
again any any ways any who sells any
Willy Wonka ways so as I drove home
after I hung up with her I reassured her
I'm like honey I gave her it was like
one of the best pep talks the best
motivational speeches I ever gave and
she was like okay okay and I felt you
know in the part in Braveheart when he's
laying there and he yells freedom the
Sun never shines so bright as I did that
day my heart had the weight and my heart
had been lifted and I was free I was in
charge of my own destiny I getting with
my wife and kids because I don't have a
boss telling me what to do mind you
don't go quit your
tomorrow listen there's a very but in
this sometimes you have to do crap to
get by trust me I worked at a job for
three years that I didn't like in order
to start my own business
I didn't you sometimes you have to do
stuff you don't like in order to work up
to where you want to be so don't just be
like I'm gonna do that too and just quit
your job and then your family's broke
but you can work towards it I had been
working towards being able to quit my
job and start my own granite business
for about three years it was a month
early I had planned on working there
another months and getting another two
paychecks but you know we made it work
but I had been paying off our bills I
had paid off all our credit cards we
didn't have any debt zero payments all
we had is the house payment and then
groceries so it was easy we'd been
saving up and working towards a future
anyways this is a long story so that day
we had found this house and we went and
we this was yeah I mean this is it's a
long process to buy a house yeah but it
was just it was just a coincidence pure
coincidence that the closing on the
house when we went to the title company
to sign the papers was on the same day
we had we had two house payments at the
time that was even why it was more
stressful no job two house payments
because we were trying we were trying to
sell our other house we thought it was
sold and it wasn't and then we found
this house and it was you know we liked
it
anyways I remember going to sign the
papers and then when we left and this
house was ours it was the keys I'm like
honey we just bought a house and I don't
have a job that was a good day that was
three years ago this March and I haven't
worked for anybody since except for when
I worked at the radio station but I
don't really count that because being a
radio DJ and it was pretty free I could
that kind of came in when as they please
but that was more of like a hobby you
know so you guys can do it you can do it
you can be free you can beer you can
control your own destiny
sometime but remember you have to work
through things you don't like you have
to you know I mean you have to go
through school you have to you know stay
in a job you don't like but you can as
you're working in that job I remember I
used to listen to CDs as I was sitting
there polishing granite for 12 hours in
a day 12 hours cutting and polishing
granite I'd be listening to these CDs
these book on tapes about getting out of
debt I'd listen to Dave Ramsey CDs and I
would just sit there and I'd think about
what am I gonna do what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna start my own granite business I
don't think I want to do granite forever
but I'm just gonna I'm just gonna do it
because I want to be in charge but I
just gotta find what I want to do in
life
and now we make youtube videos so it's a
long story
anyways that's a story for you guys this
is how long this is all my head this is
10 minutes already should we leave this
in you guys I'm sorry these videos are
so long sometimes but that's what you
gotta do
hey you know what maybe I'll make this a
site video I don't know
anyway I love you guys whatever you'll
watch it if you don't watch it you won't
even know you won't even know you would
even you're even here right now if
you're not watching this get it
say goodbye mommy tired so long farewell
Ivy to say not to to you and you and you
and you and you who saw
let's see you guys tomorrow
