good morning mommy Tod yawn you getting
your hair dead you getting your hair
dead baby turd baby turns getting her
hair dead
yeah you look so pervy
so Purdy for the Christmas party mommy
card is looking pretty hot and sexy this
morning you're looking fat pretty hot
and tempting oh ho yeah snap by Howard
Johnson room 136 was nice knowing you
yeah he went well he just walked around
Malka is not much of a potty mood right
now anyways we're headed out of salt
like anyways anyways anyways that's
always it's my go-to transitional word I
need another one whose though anywho
zl-- any Willy Wonka ways we're headed
to a Christmas party now it's about an
hour away here we go
trip the keys yeah how do you need ooh
Irene like knock I just sit in the van
already about that yeah he peed come on
centaur let's go upstairs - hi yeah okay
so we're here at the Christmas party her
brother have brother tard he flux in the
mirror oh you look like Justin Bieber
with that hairdo I love it hi hi Carly
hi Carly I love you hair
this is my sister talk to my friends my
sister Carly and this is my brother
Logan Santa Claus is here those Malachi
hopefully it's Anna what did you wish
for
what a cute boy for Christmas you shine
are you sunshine son tired
Malakai what do you want for christmas
oh I don't know just world peace stuff
like that dad that's your Christmas
present malachite your Christmas present
congratulations bucks out of Luxor what
Oh - you could sell them for 300 what
did you wish for from Santa humm big boy
what are you gonna get if you want to
get a cute girlfriend
Merry Christmas
baby card copy Christmas like said happy
birthday happy bird well you've been on
TV yeah forgot I forgot what holiday is
this
Mahmood presidents presidents presidents
presidents on the presents not America
the whole world
I like that tree it's cool
did you decorate that did not I'll buy
yourself what's that decoration up there
how'd you decorate them with the bow and
arrow ah I want to see it can you get it
down so I can look at it - uh-huh you
don't want that up there you don't like
the bear staring over your house this is
the very last granite job that I did as
a granite maker of granite it's not even
done yet what's the matter with it
Oh dad we have a call to the backsplash
this is the last granite job I ever did
in my life and it's gonna be the last
one I ever do I put these countertops in
I installed that sink I put those back
splashes in totally did that all of
myself okay we're home
so exciting the kids the kids are sleep
hey kid dards we're home so to argue
wake you wake raise your house break
this darn break that darn they made our
names are you awake are you awake
that's my that's my granite that's my
granite a frame we do oh look there's a
little bit of Christmas lights right
there
oh my trucks in the way oh we can't park
here off to move the truck look look
there's Christmas lights on our house
there's a Christmas tree I think my mom
did it that is sweet yep she got she
told me that I wasn't supposed to tell
you actually I knew about it she's a
Christmas tree sundered look what do you
think about our house you excited do you
care come on you guys let's go see our
Christmas tree okay
we're home look at our Christmas tree
did you guys know we're gonna have a
Christmas tree
where's the lace what is on your head
mom that was so nice of you look who's
that lets you in Santa Claus there's
Jesus there's Jesus he was waiting for
us it smells weird in here
look that's right enough a beard and I
was skinnier
let's see your guys's room you remember
your room oh you remember that jet so
awesome how you guys are this cool all
your toys look at all your books
remember those clothes you got your beds
back for all you people who are like
 what do you make your kids sleep in
the same bed you're such a bad father
well here you go
they have their own beds now oh you got
your lightsaber you remember that thing
baby tards bed look there's fishes so
excited baby try to remember this house
she probably doesn't remembered as much
Hey yours excited remember that like it
look at all your other toys you got in
here a bunch of junk in here toys and
shoes and stuff what else you got Oh
carriage is that for Prince Charming
here's our kitchen here's our other
juicer I wish we'd have brought that
with us the Jack LaLanne power juicer I
had to buy another one at Costco and I
did my shayloss but that's a way better
juicer it's really good
look here's a picture when we built the
snowman with my brothers we built the
snowman right here in this kitchen for a
video this kitchen seems like it's huge
for some reason a fruit basket I love
fruit basket she loves babies hard you
know where we're at she walked down the
room this is our house this is our new
house as well as our old house basically
look my shop vac I love the mist that
oh hey shop vac we missed you what mommy
time has just informed me some of the
greatest news I've ever heard Maddie
thank you
are you serious uh-huh don't joke I'm
not giving you really tell the viewers
at home I found a whole pack of unfrozen
icees in our food storage the kind that
I like yeah the kind that you can lug in
this are the kind that I will eat 20 of
in one sitting the fruit basket
no look there's one there's one are you
frozen best day of my life and you know
why not only is this that I see that I
love it's my favorite kind pina colada
when epic wind whoa check this out see
this thing this is the coolest sword
ever we found this
I'll tell you about it in a second let's
go tell the kids at night going to bed
kiss some good night good night guys
have fun in your own beds tonight love
you good night I'll see you in the
morning
love you good night dude in five scene
the morning love you you don't the
bedbugs bite
okay don't let him bite bedbugs
ah sometimes bugs live in your bed and
they'll come out no bite your butt watch
out for him okay okay okay good night
good night good night love you guys in
the morning
finally mami tarde it's time to party
get out the keg I got the sword remember
this remember this thing when we when we
moved into the house into the house we
found this and it's like delicate
intricate artwork almost and it's heavy
I mean that listen to this thing okay
like it's probably three or four pounds
heavy this sheath is a good dragon
these are this I'm sure this is like
blue emeralds probably this this is
probably worth 250,000
use ever watched those antique shows
people take things in there like yeah my
grandpa's when he was a boy and Elvis
signed it now they're like I don't know
what it's worth and the people like this
is actually worth half a million dollars
and the people like yeah and they spend
it all and their grandpa hates them
they're like it's only worth twenty
bucks
it was check this thing out there's a
dragon head we found this when we moved
into this house it was just in the
closet and it's kind of scary it's so
random like you move in my house totally
empty we're like moving stuff in the
house like Oh sweetie we got a new house
we look in the cupboard and this thing
is just sitting in there it's like is
this murdered this maze-like murdered
people before you don't remind me
remember when Greg remember on them the
Brady Bunch when they went to Hawaii and
they found that Idol and it was like bad
luck I told you remember you don't
remember that that's like the best
episode ever they go to Hawaii and it's
bad luck and Greg's in a surf
competition and he loses cuz he has that
I love you guys remember right that's
what this reminds me this is like the
bad luck dagger school like every every
12 year old boy's dream to have this
sometimes like dad can i play with that
very carefully I said you can hold it
for a second but don't anyways
that's a story got the sword we found
let's go dreaming can you guys see it
it's snowing just barely barely started
snowing it's like perfect
we just got home just got the kids in
bed and now a light dusting of snow
falls
as the bells chime a wind blows across
the epic appeared as Idaho says welcome
home Shaytards welcome home see you guys
tomorrow
