hi I'm logging here hey we all packed
Louis we're late you know charges extra
they can't well then they won't we're
supposed to check out we're supposed to
check out at 11:00 and it's 12:06 and we
would have been out of here but we're
not because of this we're still
uploading the video and it's only at 88%
it's taken forever it's been it's been
uploading for an hour and a half now and
what because no I won't pee he refuses
to mommy tard has had some major debate
with Malachi and his bladder how long
have you been out there worried times
like half an hour 20 minutes he went
last night I took him out last night
like 4:00 in the morning I know I don't
know why I think he misses his grass
Malachi is a very high and vloging he is
he is very area oriented urination
status that doesn't make any sense he
has to pee where he's normally used to
pee I took him last night at 4:00 in the
morning and he did his business then but
he hasn't sense and we're just really
worried about it and we just want to
talk about these issues with you guys
because we know they're important a lot
of people about Great Dane feces okay
beautiful the mountains the Red Rock the
snow it's a bright crisp day we're about
to take off for the second leg of our
journey this is good feel fresh we're
ahead of schedule - we have the only
deadline we have is we have to be at a
Christmas party in northern Utah by
Sunday at 4:00 and it's good because
it's Saturday and we could be there you
know in five hours from now so we're
gonna take it easy might get a hotel
room in Salt Lake my go to Zion National
Park check out the sights so join us
won't you come along for the ride here
we go
this feels so weird to me we're in st.
George Utah and
I mean it's a small town but it just
feels so like barren and desolate like
where is everybody and there's people
out and I'm you know we're from the
small we're from small towns but oh look
there's a Hydra - that's awesome but
living in LA um it's it's definitely
different la just like there's people
everywhere all the time no matter what
anywhere you go anywhere you go and here
it's like no I just feel like this feels
lonely or something I don't know please
in your free
yeah I like it check it out what's this
giant white building what is that it's
like it's a cool contrast to the Red
Rock what is that centered a temple of
what oh look there's a manger scene
let's go look at it we three kings of
all ring and talk traveling east or west
I'm not sure which stretching we've
travelled so far
onward leading still proceeding uh
onward to his birth Oh only wonder to
lie down of beauty onward leading still
proceeding guide us to his perfect love
who's that baby who is it what's his
name it's a baby centered who's that
over there and what's his mom and dad's
name is that baby Jesus card that's not
probably appropriate there's music
dun-dun-dun to the speaker's princess
card is breaking the rules
I came to pass in those days scared of
Caesar Augustus you're gonna get in
trouble
should be taxed hey all want to be test
that rope is electrocuted in his owns
its electric wire don't touch it it's
how you know you're in Utah Idaho you
get ketchup or fry sauce geez no fry
sauces it's a mixture of ketchup and
mayonnaise looks like this try soft
ketchup it's delicious you never tried
it you know what I'm talking about you
know it's good you ready yeah really
bored of the man's for playing catch a
rich guy ready Kent ready
Oh baby doll okay
throw right my hand ringer oh I'm gonna
get you can't get it Oh baby jar catch
this hit her leg hit me
oh okay baby charge this was in here at
the hands ready ready oh oh oh my god my
dad you know not a catcher oh I got it
try me I've tried
I'll wreck us all right now my god
you
you
you
oh so thirsty such a thirsty puppy hi
we're here at the next hotel
Malachi's getting a drink from an faucet
he's a thirsty doggy I love when he
drinks from the faucet you're crazy for
the Howard Johnson in Salt Lake City
Utah hey everybody in Salt Lake City hi
shake they'll come at your lab good news
we have bed to bed possibilities for
jumping oh yeah this party's about to
get started right
oh yeah dogs let's get it going here we
go baby charges double fits in the
chocolate candy bars yeah are you
filming me I'm kind of nervous where are
we I don't even know what's going on
here where's my food Oh where's my
supposed to lay oh let's see it let's
see the jump can you do it
what is he nice and hard you do a flip
over the gap whoa with the nose pick
that was a flip over the gap with the
nose pick I don't want to play I'm too
busy to play right now I'm working on
the computer what are you doing the nut
an apparatus not a diving board what is
it we should jump over baby hard put
them go we have snow the snow's like all
frozen and crusty you might not be able
to make a snowball you guys all got your
clothes on she's cracking me up all
bundled over the keys oh I need oh thank
you nice hat you like a rastafari get
your scar I'm wearing shorts I don't put
my pants on
it's a lot of work I want to do it we're
gonna walk out around and go get some
dinner and maybe go look at the lights
we're gonna do that
yeah we're filling up from a filling up
to it were going to go look at the
lights at Temple Square there usually is
a ton of Christmas lights up there so
we'll check them out it's gonna be
awesome
there's a stream a little creek a little
brick a babbling brook a river a feud
there's the temple there's the Christmas
lights more Christmas lights
there's the baby tard she kicks her feet
up whatever friendly in for back hisses
yeah the snow crush hear the kids rush
this is Santa's big day and on every
street corner you hear silver bells the
corner Santa Claus silver bells he's
busy now because someone oh yeah I did I
proposed I proposed over there she said
no and then I had punched her in the
face
and she passed out and I drug her away
and then I married her and in Vegas
there we go and now she's married and we
started making these babies and that's
the story you guys have always wanted to
know how we got married that's the story
this is one of those moments where this
is why I can be a bad parent sometimes
and some of you be like sure you're a
bad parent all the time but see this
rope right here you're not supposed to
go past it I secretly want it's just
hard to go past it because I just think
as a kid I would want to go fast I want
to do that too but I can't because I'm
an adult
crazy I'm crazy
simmer down now simmer down
up up up that's not much that's fine
nope
that's not even my kid look up they made
they're making friends hi nice to meet
you my name is princess tart I'm from
Venice hi my name is Nancy give me me me
oh we got a rogue we got a baby rogue
but she's all the way down there how
embarrassing I did I'm in trouble I'm in
trouble all these people are staring at
us now she was on a run I was she's
gonna go up on the stage she was you're
gonna make it up on a stage eat that
close with that closed fails
Oh another one like the crane surprise
that fountain has it froze what you
think temperature is out here you're
freezing efficient oh baby don't fall in
to make a wish in the fountain oh that
looks pretty Christmas lights I don't
have any money
it's really foggy you guys you don't
have to pray like what are you doing
you're praying to Jesus that's John
that's John the Revelator you plant your
praying John the Revelator
what did you want Revelator to you what
did you want Revelator to you a new
skateboard I bet
are you having any fun at all to this
Simon again mommy tardes an LA girl yeah
loving it feels great I love you see my
breath short yeah I got short son I have
there's the snow sundar doesn't have any
socks on sundar get any socks on
you just got his Crocs you tough dude
actually it's got like a million lights
on that thing every square inch of that
tree is covered there's how many
sundered how many is there 106 there's
160 lights I think there's a few more
than that on there
like you see what do you see what do you
see Prince start you see anything in
there
and when Joseph and Mary couldn't find a
place to stay they had baby Jesus in the
fountain look at these fountains over
here okay I'm gonna make a wish that's
not I wish we had another boy
it's our kids are like oh there's
anything you want to do what I thought
up the stairs made me think of the bus
stopping it makes me think about Willy
Wonka there is if you want to view
paradise simply look around and do it
anything you want to do it some some let
me I'll see you guys tomorrow
