hi I'm logging here right yes ready
let's go get in the van
we are headed to get an oil change in
the van okay save dad we got to change
the oil every 3,000 miles
dumb headed out today you guys were
leaving and so we got to go get an oil
change in the van it's past its three
thousand mile mark oh that's some mail
it's junk mail I'm gonna leave it at
that so here we go
look it's Morgan Freeman I love Morgan
Freeman that was awesome I don't know if
that was really I don't think it was but
let's say it was yeah we just saw Morgan
Freeman and he said hi to us and gave us
his autograph and loaned us $100 hung
girls let's tell mom that when we get
home kay
okay this parking lot is horrible this
line is always causing problems what
line is it none other than the line to
go to the in-and-out burger where
everybody wants to get their double
doubles right there what's up for the
start we're going to get our oil changed
I'm going to get our oil changed in the
van because we're gonna drive a long
ways and the van is thirsty and it needs
some oil in its parts that need some
slipperiness and it's gears you ever
feel like that you just need a little
slipperiness in your ears I know what do
you think should we get the air filter
changed do we need the air filter
changed we're gonna see if we do take a
look at it real quick
Oh
she missed she's out of the game you
practicing shoot it
oh all right I'm gonna make it all right
you guys this shot right here if I make
this shot I will do another year of the
vlogs I won't stop in March I will do
one more year of the vlogs if I make
this shot right now ready here we go one
two three okay
best out of three ready one more try
kidding I'm not really trying made it
swooosh money almost one more time so it
hard as you can oh we're time I must say
one more time 17 more times no good
you're definitely not on my team is
you're just getting worse and worse as
you go now this is getting embarrassing
just do it harder so harder
yeah what were you thinking she's trying
to help you get a drink from the
drinking fountain you don't want her
help
okay we're leaving that all the van
packed up got the oil change got the air
filter replaced got the tires rotated
the gas tank is full of petrol
mami is full of BS and we're ready to go
yep it's true look how we packed Sean
how he packed here take the camera we
had to come up with some pretty creative
packing well we took out the third seat
or the fourth seat and so we added a
room for this lovely Kunis we got our
stuff there we got stuff there
underneath this piece I can't tell as
you can see it and now I look I cry okay
hey fuck your head up oh yeah I suppose
there's the Miller got the whole kit and
kaboodle card family in here yeah oh
crap wait I forgot something ah my
dignity
your dignity he's just leave it there
I've been gone for a while done we lost
it but you want your I'm not gonna throw
up last time we went to Mickey D's did
not sit well in her stomach she vomited
she's worried about this one so now well
that because you guys were driving to
Vegas so now she associate's every long
drive with her throwing up now she's
like well dad are we gonna have
something so when I throw up I can throw
up in a Mike Mike honey you're not gonna
throw up this time we're not gonna feed
you crappy food we're so happy right now
hi this is our favorite place to be oh
boy look look at scars everywhere we're
in Los Angeles I'm so happy I'm so happy
me and mommy tire just discussing how we
should just expect that this is gonna be
horrible traffic because we're
technically leaving and like the worst
top of all can you imagine try to
imagine a worse time than the Friday
before the week of Christmas it's 3:30
in the afternoon everybody's trying to
get out early because Christmas is
coming week and and everybody wants to
get out of LA or they're going home or
something and we're one of them we are
one of the many and it's it's not too
bad at least we're moving we're not stop
we're not stopped on the 405 but you may
get stopped yeah
we're crossing our fingers but where we
are telling ourselves this we're not
gonna let it frustrate us we're not
gonna let it ruin the excitement of the
season because we just know like hey
there's gonna be traffic yeah nothing
you can do about it let's just smile and
you know we can look forward there's
snow on that mountain over there ah it's
beautiful sucks and no more mountain and
it's gone
we anyways no but you know we can look
forward to it dear I love dear I want to
see some deer we good I know that too
but we can look forward to drastic
decline and traffic as we get into our
the closer we go the closer do we go to
our destination the traffic will get
less and less yeah so that's the worst
is that the first just get better and
better each get the what we travel the
traffic is getting better better than
this and the air is getting cleaner and
cleaner yep and and my life is just
getting more perfect and my perfect but
are you willing to say what I knew
you're gonna say something I know how
often you always have to make a sudden
comment about malls I do not I don't
know why you like basketball
so Tortola bouncy ball good thing the
girls are asleep yeah Sun dark we're
talking about baseball's right
alright alright turn the camera off
nothing about my anatomy they are
hi here is dance
Thank You rapido
it's my limit I don't know what is
listened to I think he was like a little
shy he was like feeling down and then
Katie let look at him she babies like
lucky to get shot mommy's heart wouldn't
get shot
we're in Los Angeles now you can't be
playing those games what if that's my
dream to play games Blackmun well dream
on mommy turn wrong by Los Angeles you
very rear view mirror
what you doing break this card your
coloring a creative picture your tiredly
coloring
kids look cute they've been so good
though guys getting hungry we'll stop
for dinner soon okay
we've only been driving for three and a
half hours baby guard has her nice high
heels on let's have them guessing people
of YouTube we have been driving for
three hours and 16 minutes how many
miles do you think we've traveled yes
how far can you go in three hours and 16
minutes I'll tell you how far we've gone
96 miles
96 miles in three almost three and a
half hours I'm seriously I've never felt
so claustrophobic in an open area in my
life I felt like we were trapped in Los
Angles and the traffic is still fairly
heavy you know there may be there's
still a lot of cars but at least we're
going you know 60 70 miles an hour
seriously just felt like we were trapped
in that city we'd never be able to get
out of it took us three hours getaway
ful a love you
dinner break baby turns happy it's time
to eat princess are you happy no smiling
of course mommy tarts looking as
ravenously gorgeous as usual would you
say gross it's not appetizing what do
you say and then we we cease and desist
from laughing there's a cease and desist
order on your flatulence Ling lemon lady
bong lady I just called her a lung lady
we're at Arby's we're having some curly
fries this is some beef and cheddar is
she barred you guys aren't being very
ladylike well thank you okay we're doing
our first refill up what do you want I'm
a purse wheel are your first for you not
even be nothing you want a treat or
something Brett want a treat what kind
of treat I mean that will make me give
me some nibs
I love nibs nibs are my favorite candies
little knick treat you guys know how to
figure out miles per gallon that your
car is getting if you don't I remember I
didn't a while back and I now realize I
was stupid for not I'm not calling you
stupid necessarily if you don't know how
to but let me show you real quick okay
so whenever you leave for a trip you
fill up your you fill up your car all
the way right full of gas
this is it so any of you do you care why
am I telling you this I'm going to tell
you this anyways so fill up your car
before you left and then you have to set
your odometer to zero the trip so we
went 132 point six miles then when you
come to fill up the gas tank you see how
many gallons were emptied so we used six
point four gallons to drive 132 miles so
you take 132 and you divide it divide it
by six point four because that's how
many gallons we used to drive that many
miles which means we're getting almost
21 miles a gallon twenty point seven
which isn't that good but the van is
pretty
full with all five of us and Malachi and
a lot of our luggage so 21 miles a
gallon ain't bad plus it was like stop
and go traffic in the city so there's a
there's a way to figure out your miles
per gallon in your car if you ever
wanted to know this is this has been mr.
Rogers knowledge thanks for joining us
tune in next week when we learn how to
tie your shoes weight your teeth check
this out that's a little motivation okay
Finch $20 bill look at a hundred dollar
bill
attached to that it's crazy it's really
hard there's no way you'd ever win one
of those that's pretty enticing though
yeah 20s in there 20 couple hundreds
there's a Benjamin that'd be interesting
to try this if you can get they'll think
they're packed in there tight though
headquarters you have a dollar let's try
to get one it's a waste probably but at
a try at least 100 ones normally I would
never do these cuz they're almost
impossible to win but the odds are
definitely switched now instead of
winning just a little toy I can win $100
so much right why they do it huh I know
but I still want to fly oh here we go
here we go big money right here this one
here
a little farther come on big money but
get it get it get it get it get it get
it oh sorry here has anybody ever won
one of those really thank you
so that's what you get so frustrating
cuz it like goes right on top of it and
then as it's coming up it likes like
let's go oops oops let's go
and you might say Shay where were your
kids while you were playing the video
game they're outside don't worry about
other fun are you guys have you guys
been stolen okay good no made it we made
it we're in st. George Utah and it's my
breath sweet it's cold here in st.
George not as close as it's gonna get so
chilly just get this back crier a midget
why is your wives your legs so short are
you we're staying in room 128 at the
Howard Johnson in st. George so you guys
you guys should come visit us
oh wait this probably be uptown we're
gone but we were in room 128 at the
Howard Johnson in st. George Utah oh
we're here we're here I'm kind of a
little bit disappointed because the beds
aren't next to each other we can't jump
from bed to bed or too far away
dang it got a bed here nightstand
bathroom and then the bed way over there
baby card baby card excited fridges
darted it
wait where's Malik I did he run out
there okay oh oh furgus which bed is
yours Malik I bet yours up there
okay come on come on okay lie down lie
down okay okay look there lie down lie
down lay down good boy you stay there
okay we gave Bal kiya bath today so he
is brand-new fresh and clean you
probably can't sleep on their son tired
can milk I sleep with you
no he takes up a lot of the bed now one
time one time only son Todd report will
perform on the front flip nice dog
sweet baby chard can you do a front flip
defenseless 15 Virginia tease you
freezin let's see it again try line on
your feet this time you guys are so
immature on the spindle a here it's time
to wait you guys it's time to get some
sleep we've got a long day ahead of us
we still have a long way to drive let's
let's lay down let's simmer down come on
let's get some sleep guys oh let's see
do a front-flip
case under watch out let her doing ok
baby tries I see your front flip do
front flip it was lame what are you
saying she's fat no ok let's see what is
she she's skinny
she's pretty and gorgeous okay let's see
it baby turn move grab her grab her get
off the bed yeah fun yeah go ok Princess
Charlotte see to it
Prince the star is up one to the house
ahead stand flip
