I said the big fat man with the long
white beard
he's coming to town hi world shaycarl
here speaking to you live live via
camera some weird it's so this is this
one it's so crazy you guys are just all
over the world and we're all together as
one inside this van this this van is a
portal to something greater something
bigger than the sum of our parts as
people as a community of Shaytards
you're in South America you're in Europe
you're in Canada you're in the state's
the Unidos Estados son tarde
stop singing cutely I'm vlogging
anyways welcome to my life today I love
you son turn up here what do you guys
wanna do today we can do anything we
want you guys we are free well maybe
some of you aren't free because you live
in suppressive countries but we are free
the shades aren't free you know what I
want to do I think more than anything in
the world right now do you know what I
want to do I do I want to go to another
Christmas program high that's what I
want to do yesterday's Christmas program
was so much fun
I think heck why not do it again
so here we go print this part you got a
Christmas program you can whip up all
right let's go to your Christmas program
here we go can I listen I don't want you
to feel any pressure because son tart
did amazing yesterday no matter how you
do no matter how you perform we're still
gonna love you okay so even if you're
not as good as son tard we still love
you all right
go out there and get em tiger I want you
to sing your heart out sing your heart
out Prince it's hard do it for Santa
dude for Santa Claus and Rudolph do it
for road please
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the
United States of America to the Republic
for which it stands one nation under God
indivisible with liberty and justice for
all
all right princess tarde good job dude
it was very excellent was it fun I like
that okay where we going now son tarde
where we going
Charles - Charles Trippy why we going to
pick him up he came back here
do you member Charles Trippy princess
are you do you think he's cute he's so
handsome he's got a fiance you know you
guys remember Ally
yeah mommy you remember Ally
we're going Charles and Ally are coming
in to LAX we're going to pick them up
right now and I feel that because their
plane got in at 8:30 and now it's 9:40 -
so we're little late yeah
why don't you guys have cameras
okay
maybe give high-fives off at our house
and you guys can watch our kids for the
nice knowing sick she's pregnant
what'd you do the biggest booger -
biggest booger hottest chick biggest
what are you gonna call your baby
Charles tart chali tart Charles and a
leotard chelators Sharma shallow
Charmander you got a sub baby charge
hard CTFxC tart when are you gonna have
another baby
good hey baby hey dudes this is awesome
maybe mafia just contacted me and they
have a new extended bonus version of the
flash mob song we did famous PHA MOU
west do you girls know what sing it paj
mo us that's right so do you guys want
to hear the new version I'm not gonna
play it all but listen this is so cool
I never thought my name would be in a
song but mini mafia they have
like a whole-new versus an extended
version and my name is in it
I feel bashful okay let's see you girls
dance okay here it is listen if you guys
want to go get the new extended version
of links in the sidebar they have it on
iTunes you can go get it now but uh yeah
it's an extended version with my name in
it I'll probably uh listen to the song
the rest of my life forever okay you
guys we just went and bought my mom's
Christmas present
now mom listen if you're watching this
video because I know you watch my videos
cuz you love your little yay mom I'm
about to show your present do not watch
you need to skip one minute ahead in the
video if you don't want your Christmas
to be ruined but everybody else I'm
gonna show you what I got my mom for
Christmas ready here we go it's a tattoo
just kiddin that's not a it's a bike she
came out to Venice and she saw everybody
down in Venice Beach riding these beach
cruisers got a basket
she put her stupid little dog in there
and there's this big Cemetery there's
this really big Cemetery right next to
my parents house and it has these big
you know big roads with big trees she's
gonna take and ride the bike around the
cemetery she said so
here it is look it's got some little
some flowers it's got a big white seat
what do you think baby tar do you like
Grandma tards bike do you like it hey
kids listen your mom anyways there you
go
happy Christmas mom cost me a lot not
gonna tell you because I left the price
tag on and you'll see
when you open the president Christmas
morning is ridiculously crowded in here
I am trying to find us all look over
here line to buy clothes it's like
around the store so I'm gonna try a
bunch on and then we'll see what I like
are you ready
you have to be the camera man okay yeah
this is the guys dressing room you ready
okay we have eight shirts I'm gonna try
on 8 shirts right here and I would say
you guys should comment tell me which
ones you like so I could pick those ones
but I don't have time to wait till
tomorrow to upload this so I'm just
gonna try them on and show and then you
guys can see which ones and I'm not
gonna keep them all but you can see
which ones I keep guys ready here we go
he comes out
I like it today on you the bigger one
son cards got that big barrel chest like
his daddy do you like my big barrel
chest no I didn't find very many shirts
that fit me thus encouraging me more on
my sheyla's program here's the deal guys
let's be honest I like to level with you
guys sometimes I just like to get on the
DL like let's just let's talk about this
what come try this on I'm gonna
maintain that's my goal right now is to
maintain and tell we to January 1st then
I'm gonna really hit hard holidays
Christmas well that's cool like that's
gonna be really tough it's gonna be
really tough so I'm just gonna maintain
I'm not gonna stress about it I feel
good I'm still down 18 pounds from what
I was then January 1st we're gonna hit a
hard Sun card go ahead and try this
shirt on people are staring us funny
it's crazy family it's a vlogging and
yelling in the Ross come here come try
this on okay you find a shirt you liked
okay no wait this shirt how much does it
cost it says you can't say that $9.99
for this shirt now that's a pretty good
deal first shirt unless it comes with a
skateboard yeah this shirt come for the
skateboard hold it up here check that
out it's all packaged on the hanger it
comes with this little skateboard and
the shirt
I'd say that's a steal that's a good
bargain give me five skateboard slash
t-shirt rule is you can only ride the
skateboard if you're wearing that shirt
because you know why it has magical
powers all right that's awesome
you're gonna be a best skateboarder ever
you have to practice become a great
skateboarder huh
cuz you know why you can do anything you
want to if you practice hard right huh
yeah do you believe that it's true I
meet our doesn't bedtime yet oh I want
to bedtime for the ninos
Haney noses at bedtime oh I love you
look at this he isn't cleaning up the
room good job
mommy's cleaning up the room I'm a baby
charts son let's see your new shirt
let's see it
awesome and that's your new skateboard
been practicing uh uh well that's what
you get the nine dollar skateboard is
pretty baby tard what are you doing
let's see show me what are you doing
what are you doing you watching a movie
in here there's grandma towards bite Oh
mom don't watch that part that was your
Christmas present
what are you watching is this the Wizard
of Oz again you watching this again are
you guys let's go get your room can you
do tricks on the floor out there show me
take it out there and show me okay show
me okay hold on baby turn will you take
the DVD out it's time to turn it off and
go to bed okay yep she said no come on
it's time to go to bed turn it off let's
see you turn it off okay take the DVD
out take the DVD out there you go okay
good job you know how to take the DVD oh
I love you so much
hey you want to go to Idaho tomorrow so
that's good Idaho Idaho Idaho you say
Idaho okay let's see it what do you got
oh oh can you push him let's see you
push him oh just push you slow don't
trip just hold your arms out in balance
yes princess try to push him
oh wait wait princess card did that hurt
don't smile is that the cure to
everything hey guys I'm just watching
who's green here do his live show for
the 2009 YouTube project for awesome and
it's time to go to bed what I'm thinking
we should do one thing we should do a
sit go scare mommy tart because she's
inside and I wrote back
hi
