commenting commenting what are you doing
commenting what do you think a big quiet
Pearl Jam we're commenting what's up
guys
katie'll and i oh we are commenting like
monkeys monkey like a motherless monkeys
are commenting on the project for
awesome video that we did if you guys
don't know what project for awesome is
this is the third year that it's been
done the nerdfighters aka the
vlogbrothers aka John and Hank green if
you guys don't know they are awesome
awesome
DFTA be a don't forget to be awesome
some of you notice if you don't know
what it is it's basically this day the
17th what's today December 17th I think
it's the same day every year you anybody
can do it you can still do it if you
want to do it make a video about a
charity of your choice and what we do is
we get the same thumbnail that says
YouTube 2009 project for awesome and
everybody has the same thumbnail of
their videos and then we just comment
and rate the crap out of all the videos
they have those thumbnails so hopefully
by this time tomorrow all the videos on
the most discussed list the top rated
the most viewed list are all going to be
these thumbnails promoting charities so
YouTube this giant place everybody that
comes to YouTube is if you like where
are all these same thumbnails and
they'll start watching these videos and
all these charities about helping other
people and hopefully doing good it's
basically the goal of the project for
awesome is to decrease worldsuck
world suck sucks that's what their their
goal is is to decrease worldsuck
so that's what we're doing we're sitting
here commenting we're applying to all
the comments on the video you can watch
out on my shaycarl channel if you
haven't seen it links in the sidebar ok
now here's where we have to get to the
down and dirty your eyes are getting
buggy I know why are your eyes so far
apart ok that's gotten that comment a
lot but they don't really look they kind
of look far apart on video but in real
life they don't look far apart
beautiful different accept it that's my
project for us I'm delaying the
inevitable I have to tell you oh we had
a goal to get to 2,000 comments before
we win we have to go right now actually
to the store to buy grandma tard a
Christmas present okay so listen let's
get down and dirty here you guys this is
today this is today's diary video this
is today's Shaytards video it's gonna be
short because I want to get back on
schedule
I want I hate uploading the video 10
o'clock 11 o'clock at night and I know
you guys don't like it you get pissed at
me like why is the video so late so just
let me level with you the last four or
five days have been hectic the station
I've been really busy over the station
the fine brothers have written like 20
new scripts for shay carl shaycarl
channel they've they we have two shows
they're gonna be coming out on the
shaycarl channel of i'll just give you a
little hint of me and Katy let doing
challenges if you know our old video of
what is it i pwned my wife's on youtube
no I well we're gonna do a remake of the
perfect life and I pull my wife's new of
where we had a challenge to see who
could put water oh I put a water
container on the thing and it spilled
everywhere she did right we're gonna do
challenges shut up we're gonna do we're
gonna do challenges where we compete and
it's gonna be like an actual good of a
game show on this shaycarl channel
anyways the the moral of the story is
that I've been help you know reading
these scripts with the fine brothers and
we've been you know setting up all this
stuff that's gonna happen at the station
there's a lot of cool a lot of cool
stuff coming up on the station you guys
it's there's gonna be a lot of cool
videos and plus we're leaving tomorrow
we're we're driving hopefully we're
driving to Idaho tomorrow and we are
trying to pack up all the stuff and
figure out what we want to take home
because we're gonna be in Idaho for
three weeks isn't that crazy is excited
to go back to either
you'll be excited it's really back our
family our old house I'm just too
relaxed for the holidays you know so
we're trying to pack trying to get all
our stuff ready to go tomorrow there
might be some fun snow videos oh yeah we
will ski in we do ski in that yeah so
this is today's video and I've been
recording for today and I what I used to
do I was back when I was on track
I would always edit and compress the
video that was gonna be uploaded the day
before the night before I went to sleep
and then it could compress for the four
hours while I was sleeping
that's always the problem anyways I'm
behind this is the video for today I
promise you guys tomorrow the videos are
gonna start coming up before I'm not
gonna say time because then all what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna get back on track I
know I've said this as I always have
these like these videos from like okay
guys I gotta get I'm gonna come back but
we've been really busy and I've been
talking a lot okay so go check out the
video for the project for awesome and
we'll see you guys tomorrow we will be
in well tomorrow we'll be in Vegas but
yeah that video won't be uploaded to the
next day so anyways love you guys thanks
for watching peace out in the Middle
East he's gonna see the kids I guess
that's why you come here right you don't
care about us you want to see the kids
kids come here be cute on the video what
are you doing where's your sister
where's your brother and sister baby
tard baby tard baby tard I hear you what
are you doing what are you doing huh do
something cute hurry son tard
what are you doing you're what say hi to
everybody on the vlogs so hey everybody
see are you taking a dump
what are you doing I think it's a darts
taking a dump it's an appropriate what
here you I help let me help you clean up
this room
alright you guys see you tomorrow love
you bye baby darn
