hi good morning
what are you doing this morning bright
and shiny face look what are you doing
this morning you like cereal I purchase
that much right you're getting soggy
Oh dad soggy cereal right keep somewhere
up
it's 742 we're going to Center sometimes
school is having a little Christmas
program where he's gonna sing a song so
we're all going it starts at 8:30 why is
there a Christmas program starting at
8:30 in the morning you don't know but
that's what we're doing let's go wake up
dad so you can wake up dad do you want
my mints would you quit she is finally
every little piece of something like
candy or sugar anything we have in house
shiny you know that used to drive me
crazy my mom would come in the room
singing uh what you think oh what a
beautiful morning you can't miss the
grand debut of santa is coming to town
good morning gonna kiss morning good
morning cutie faces oh she's so cute
baby our digs it's funny listen do not
smile stop it stop it
are you gonna throw it throw it
do you throw it throw it you want throw
it
no all the kids you know excited about
the Christmas program it's a beautiful
morning here in sunny Los Angeles I'm
ready for a Christmas program already if
I could choose anything to do in the
world right now would be to watch a
Christmas program F and pump let's do
this
there's about 500 parents weeds into a
room that should fit about 50
it's crazy so we have to sit on the
floor as cute as can be Oh what
happiness Oh enjoy look Papa's number
and those boys Obama snowmen you're my
101 now we have a partner and sons so
that's the good news
that's the good part the bad news is
that he hasn't worked hard
well there you go
what's your foot out I'm trying to vlog
and drive here and the stroller long car
son tired what the performer huh get
from my side of the family we're all
performers hello my honey hello my
darling
the funny part is when they're doing the
choreography and they're supposed to be
turning and stuff I saw some car going
five six you can tell that's what they
did like in practice he was counting the
time now we're headed home
hi people in a Porsche staring at me
funny it's my camera anyways
good job son tard love you your champ
champ young hey guys thanks so where are
we going
to the office would you get at school
what did you make cool okay I'm closing
my eyes now
okay oh whoa look yes son tarde made
this gingerbread house at school I know
it looks like it has more fun candy so
we're going to office because Shane
needs this turkey suit and you know I
don't know if I should contact a
psychiatrist or something because every
once in a while lately she will call me
and be like honey I have to wear my
turkey suit now bring it to me so that's
what I'm doing
bring it in this turkey suit Oh fire his
fingertips here awesome death his bow
across the strings and have made an evil
hiss and a band of demons joined in and
it sounded something like this pirate
I'm the devil that was pretty good yeah
Johnny's about to ponents knew he's
about to ponents near here no Harper
Hoan it's from from world of warcraft
right that we're potent opponent nukes
comes from internet use from internet
games in general to like yeah you're
pretty good old son let me show you how
it's done
Jojo says please got this children shake
going on the best song ever good choice
Derek I know was right choice what did
they were your face he's wearing a tie
today you knew they even beat and he
laid that shining fiddle of gold on the
ground in China's feet come on back if
you ever want to try again
cuz I told you once you son of a beep
I'm the best ever man why the matter my
boy ride son of a gun right he says that
again not that version I've heard the bi
TCH we're going to lunch that was some
great vlogging footage guys good check
this out Caffe 50s that site looks like
it's been there for 50 years I'm gonna
ask them
I'm gonna ask him how long that sign has
been there it's cool it's very unique
exciting
cool this is awesome
well back in the day people used to not
be as fat as they are today like me that
right how long has that sign been up
there for 40 years that's awesome I said
50 but 40 is good hey guys squeeze oh my
gosh is it bigger on that side quadruple
cheeseburger hey pop the spiral goes on
the vlog don't tell me what the show on
the vlogs
no I don't want to know so sure sure
other than she made better
he made that shirt
what are you doing pervert school is a
word question set the rat pack shoes and
we were talking about at lunch that what
if when we came outside we were in the
50s like we walked out the door on the
day that they were hanging that sign we
came out the door and they're hanging
outside and we looked around and there's
all these old cars and the street was a
lot smaller and people were walking
around and weird clothes and we're like
what happened and we're in the 50s what
would we do and what would we invent
like would we go to tell people stuff
about music what would you guys do I
would go to New York and go to acting
classes my friend Marlon Brando Michael
I would do my best to remember all the
sporting events and put lots of money on
you'd bet on sporting events and that's
what we're also talking about is we
couldn't even use our phones we couldn't
use our debit cards and we had Derek has
cash but it is like new cash so they
wouldn't even recognize this we didn't
have any money what would you guys do
comment below
