Hey
well so I'm in the house the power's out
you know the kids are just getting
around bunch of so I'm like okay go this
is what it looks like outside Iranian I
come outside I see the kid what
okay this come outside to see the kids
see what they're doing and what they're
doing you found the puddle did yes yeah
yeah but those are gonna get dirty fast
hey kids you do know that our power's
out that means we have no hot water to
take a hot bath so this is not a fun
combination no that's not the same thing
so I tell you how are you gonna get
clean in that water that's a dirty water
is that dirty water baby tired I like it
I take a shower because the shower works
but it's not hot it's cold because the
water heater doesn't work
oh no figured it out oh no
whatever be kids enjoy life and then get
sick okay baby turns out here drinking
this puddle water you better get her to
stop it's not a swimming pool you guys
you're such a mess are those are brand
new pants we bought last night baby tard
we bought those from Old Navy last night
on discount and now look at him you're
in for it you're a little young lady why
is the dirt on your mouth was she
drinking the water yes you're drinking
water did you guys tell her not to yeah
but you don't listen you're bigger than
her you gotta make her listen don't let
her drink the water
well don't sit in the water silly okay
you guys are there to come inside
there's no power there's you guys can't
take a hot bath now you're gonna freeze
your butt to skis off you can't there's
no hot water because the power is off
silly
hey baby turn are you freezing we've got
the candles out and the cucumbers
because the power is off again cucumbers
and Kiwis Kiwis cucumbers candles and
Katie let's love the case of the rainbow
hey guys what's the power go off again
by the way inform us
mommy tired we do not know why it's
broken but it was broken and they were
fixing it so it's supposed to be out for
12 hours hours and PS thank you you know
who you are who gave us these lights
they're coming in handy you know who you
are thank you very much and mom and dad
can hardly wait for school to start
again it's big it stops like I got done
you've been sucking your thumb tonight
should you be driving should you be
driving young lady
strobe-light she's gonna have a seizure
Oh Joey do you know what this is this is
the greatest thing this is a combination
of three of my favorite things disco
balls r2d2 and an angel c-3po c-3po
c-3po there
not for not not how to win my team wants
one cheese but not the knots are not for
not so they're they're not of no value
so they are there something valuable
what's it called the dragon challenge I
don't know it's called there's something
that it's called it's like that
something okay let's see cinnamon is too
much this is a rookie at a fire station
the cinnamon dragon oh you have to eat
it there all the lights on I want to go
to the sink once it happens mater turn
the lights on no joke because I think
that's gonna go back to the sink
you got this
there's no time period no time period
he's late for the water to get in his
mouth so it'll melted the stuff sticks
your glands and blocks the you
can't you can't do it elevate well just
wait little by little inch inch by worm
inch by worm that's what he just said I
also the tortoise wins the race has the
story shut up he's gonna do it so proud
of you Joe you're doing so good right
now
I would press the three ones that I've
seen on YouTube the people cannot stand
it like Neuer they're like you know you
did good if you didn't inhale okay
you're eating brownies now the world ah
oh yeah black people I'm sorry I asked
afterwards
Chad
come to our party eat cinemates joe did
it Joe just hiding man just been hiding
in the corner all night just eating
cinnamon oh you guys don't media
spoonful okay okay we got two more
contestants ready no no no breathe it in
scoot closer together so I get you both
in
remember but it's really bad it's like
chewing gum
num-num-num cinnamon big red remember
kids stay in school in one day you could
grow up and be like us and eat cinnamon
at parties that sure is the light ha ha
