hi I'm logging here hi
okay we're making a ginger a gingerbread
house okay Bob we're making a
gingerbread miles and we're making a
gingerbread house
I know okay okay so this gingerbread
house is one that we got in a box
because I'm too lazy to make a whole
gingerbread stuff but um we got our
icing and we're going to put the house
together then we're going to go to the
store to buy some stuff to make more
icing because they don't give you enough
to make a wholesome colored house Wow so
that's what we're doing is we're making
the base for the house then we're going
to go to the store and we're going to
get more frosting how to get the candy
up organized so like sugar today are you
guys excited yeah baby Todd good thing
she can't get the wrapper open huh yeah
we're gonna be all hopped up today with
sugar so okay listen listen okay don't
break it don't break it okay listen this
is the roof this is the tricky part and
I've never done it okay baby shy baby
toe don't do that no okay sure okay Lucy
it may be time okay now it's time for
the roof are you ready
okay roll it on the roof we're gonna do
the roof don't touch no touching
okay okay we got the shingles going the
right way I'm probably doing this wrong
and if any of you have made gingerbread
houses
don't judge me cake don't judge me is
not gonna be pretty good I think it well
if there was an actual family living
honey yeah yeah the roof would probably
leak but there isn't we'll be fine
right here I'm excited
see I think we did it now we have to
hold the roof piece let's let's put some
icing right there to hold it here's our
base version to my house now we're going
to go to the store and get our catchy
okay hi throughout the store getting a
gingerbread house I know and lunch
because our powers know we're getting
lunch - oh hey just like to get in the
way of her yeah okay so i air now oh
look at your Rudolph's silly nose thank
you Charlie sitting on the back of this
cart and I told her to sit down or
shared fall and crack her head open
and so Sontag says her brain won't fall
out and she can't think hey don't sit on
the back of carts or you'll fall and
crack your head open and your brain will
fall out and you won't be able to corner
that's it
baby and the Jets baby baby baby and the
Jets what's up - zero you eaten your
Apple yours one one you guys want to
know a little thing about baby tard
here's how you know that baby turns been
easy and Apple you will find a pile of
shredded Apple skins on the floor
because she doesn't eat the apple she
takes a bite she was the juice out of it
and then spits the remaining Apple
filament onto the floor and we find
little trails don't we don't we bet
mecard baby baby baby and the Jets you
like you're facing in I remember I
remember I remember we're going to the
mall go Christmas shopping you excited
you excited say I'm excited look at the
camera say I'm excited
say I'm excited say loud silence I'm
excited I'm excited I'm excited
but you ready to go you ready get your
coat on
ladies hard baby tardes notched her
entire Apple and two bits so I'm ready
dad fun you ready son tarde you're not
ready look ready
do you have it let's see that's it I was
just talking about this baby tarde get
your butt in here and clean up this
Apple she's good
that's how we know baby towards eating
an apple there's little piles of it all
over the house your little brat
you're like a squirrel tard all right
we're going Christmas shopping let's do
them sleigh bells ring a ling changing
ting-a-ling - you know it's lovely
weather for a sleigh ride together with
you see your family fine I just Josh and
come on let's go find Alec I malachi
come say goodbye to us here mommy tart I
mean okay come here
okay slippery it's slippery it's like
see you later yeah I'm gonna go eat oh
that should get us some little booties
because he can never get traction on
this floor we should buy us a little
booty so we can run around around
suction Cara's little Nike booties Nike
booties yeah sure Tiger Woods should
sell something like that
the cheater you know tiger what's new
name
do you know Tiger Woods new name cheetah
Woods wait a minute you know you know
Tiger Woods nickname what lion forest
get it ah lion tiger woods forest got it
sorry let's go frame these well that's
nice yeah let's see that hold it up we
never ever get family picture yeah sure
hold on is that an 8 by 10 yeah hold it
up by the light closer to the light too
floppy that's what she said
go cuz the shopping do you guys want
these pictures should we send a bunch of
people those pictures that's our family
they don't see enough of us Hey not only
will we make a video everyday we'll send
you one of these eight-by-ten glossies
signed by baby tard
everyday cha-ching only 29.95 gigi
crazier freezing rash right you guys
let's go into the to the place I got my
little chickens here they're all holding
hands like little chickens we're going
to this TJ Fridays I always feel like
something's going on here there's always
security guards there's like four
security guards you need security guard
stunts are do you need security guards
he's a big deal I need security guards
hello it's a lot here at dancing maniac
why don't you dance on the table baby
tard
are you drinking their lemonade so nice
lips you got there the biggest lips I've
ever seen
very nice lips
okay we're gonna have a contest I'm
gonna see wait wait sinner I'm gonna see
if I can put your baby chart all the way
from down there and hit you guys on the
camera ready here we go
dang it she missed
come on mami tarde let's go let go
slippery go drop her go chopper captain
G's a loser
wolves are gay
Mitchell
what we're the quantize what do you care
these she asked me was how are you care
I'm embarrassing she I'm gonna yell out
of Mitchell Muto woo love Hannah Montana
yeah
hey hey he waved you aimed he waved I
don't know who that is
only the more in these notes over
here but I'm sure some of you know who
that is I don't know I am the black the
black haired guy I know I you know him
I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Montana I've seen
her he just waved at me that's right
just waved at the yeah the dude that is
yelling his name in the mall the dude
that of screaming his full name in the
mall he waved at me just for the record
I had to ask another little kid who was
said in there who that kid was I didn't
know who he was I did not know that guy
was on Hannah one time I swear scouts
honor I had to ask a promise what you
drinkin che I'm drinking a what's called
bomba boba boba show the bottom and they
have these little balls in them we get
one for an these little I don't know
what they are where they're like they
just are kind of chewy but then they're
like kind of gross and the straw you saw
the straw is big enough for the balls to
come through the straw I know you're
saying today wish I had a straw that the
balls could come through and you would
have maybe right it's pretty cool thing
