I need a before shot getting my haircut
again guys this is the before shot where
I'm really ugly and when she's done like
so hot she's gonna want to make out with
me right she just stabbed me with the
scissors anyways getting the haircut
again okay all done
Harris cuts feels a lot better and that
haircut will only was $35 no 34 haircut
was 30 and I gave her a $40 tip a $4 I
no talky good anyways I'm head of the
office right now see in a second what's
that Qasim I think guys should drink
beers and eat not he really said I think
guys look good with eyeliner I'm Mayim
Oh heart I think Olga's eyelining me
it's my first eyelining okay YouTube
before you guys get offended the first
time I met Olga Kay she goes how do you
like with Olga Kay Channel I was like I
love all the gay channels like no okay
I'm like Olga gays your game
congratulations
that was that was back in the day when
she couldn't even speak English she was
just off the boat she came over in a
bottle of vodka it's my story
I'm so Hollywood okay guys we're saying
bye to the kids because I have to go
somewhere
alright what's going on in there ah okay
guys you getting this room clean
I want it spic and span looks like you
made your bed baby tard your side is a
little messy still Hey
you don't look to me you throw a book
that may love you guys I gotta go bye
bye kisses kisses bless you
I'm dad kisses kisses kisses hey
Violette you guys bye bye bye bye bye
see you later
oh it's like it's like a hurricane in
there sweet home
yeah hey guys what's going on alright
well we are going to a party Danny and
Lisa know this guy who is in marketing
or something it's I don't know it's for
some company it's this big party where
all these professional people come and
basically there's a lot of free food and
it's this really nice hotel and all this
kind of stuff so we're going to that oh
my goodness I cannot see we're going
through that and all cry just make food
myself Oh probably just you know hits me
in the face with my beard some super
professional hey what's that my name
sham o'clock smush yeah let's probably
out there okay quiet I'm vlogging hey
guys we are headed into a Christmas
party where we at least anova we're at a
party so I just I just want to be big
that's a different be in a picture with
us so it's like at this really nice
hotel and I'm wearing this coat I was
going for the Crockett Tubbs look
tonight I want to be like to go off of
Miami Vice check out that Christmas tree
and then we stood in a crowded room
while eating Christmas cookies and then
I told Cassidy he shines up like a brand
new penny
cuz he's brown and I picked him up on
the street and then I forgot to record
anything for the rest of the night
that's why this video shows short but I
love you don't make another one tomorrow
I promise yeah now mommy turns gonna
punch me in the face
ah what'd you do that
