hi I'm vlogging here again let me see
him oh she goes oh okay put him on I put
your shoes on that's right good girl hey
dudes and dudettes what's going on
hanging 10 good that's great
I am about to do a conference call shut
off my vlogging put him on so this
friend that I have had from way back is
a professor at a university in Canadia a
Canadia a and they're doing a mami tarde
mami turns father anyway anyways I'm try
to be like eight things at once hi I
need to anyways so I'm doing a video
conference call with their class they're
doing a class that was that's about
internet or media I'm not sure exactly
what it is but they're gonna ask me
questions and we're gonna do a Skype
call see look I'm get my mama Skype
we're do a Skype call they're gonna ask
me questions about the interwebs I think
is what's gonna go on so I'm a little
nervous it's like I'm a public speaker
right now I'm nervous I don't just say
but maybe I'll show you guys some of the
footage what I'm talking to the class in
Canadia a high Canadia a I wish I had
some snow here hey you guys wanna stab
me right now like yeah CheY that's how
we talk that's exactly how we are Brad I
die America big yeah wait hello oh I
thought it was hello
anyways so I'll show you guys in a sec
okay guys what's going on um I just
talked to my friend Stuart and he is in
the classroom now I'm kind of nervous it
was exciting he basically he said cuz I
didn't know exactly what he wanted and
he's just like ok so after you're done
giving your host feel then if they want
to ask some questions I'll let him ask
some questions I like whoa whoa what
what what you feel like what do you
think my son's have some that you
prepare I didn't prepare anything he's
like no just like your story of how you
got online and how you started um you
know making videos online and that whole
story I was like okay I can I can tell
that story it's a pretty good story and
I've wondered if you guys have ever
heard
story before so I'm thinking well I
don't have very much footage I'm gonna
be honest with you guys I didn't film
very much yesterday because I was super
tired
another excuses as in meetings Nathalie
Ruiz and I was in meetings all day
yesterday at the office and so I didn't
get very much footage so I'm just gonna
tell this story as I tell it to these
guys and I'm gonna put it on my vlog and
this might Beit might be a long one no
because of that do you guys want to hear
it do you care deep I assume you do
because you're here watching the video
so the whole story we're just gonna get
open why not why the heck not you know
we've made almost 300 videos let's get
personal let's get intimate let's get
one-on-one mano a mano you and me baby
yeah okay so I'm waiting for him to call
me back and as soon as he calls me back
you guys gonna be with me because you
guys are my posse I'm nervous so I'm
bringing you guys with me into the
classroom and Canadia
hey okay here we go what's up guys my
name is shave you don't know who I am I
am a fat large bearded man who lives in
Venice California and I make online web
content through YouTube and I've been
doing it for about two years now
the story is a pretty interesting one my
life kind of took a 180-degree turn
about two years ago when I was doing
granite countertops for a living I had
worked for about a year and a half doing
manual labor polishing cutting
fabricating and installing granite
countertops and every morning when I was
at work polishing the granite
countertops I would be listening to this
radio station and they would have this
segment called the answers never dirty
where they would ask a question that it
seemed like the answer would be dirty
like 20 percent of ladies like this in
bed and the answer was final sheets so
that was the joke anyways we used to
call in and say is it croquet because
you'd never know exactly what the answer
was long story short I became known as
croquet che on the z103 morning show
that called in and annoyed the DJ's
every morning they eventually said if
you stop calling and bugging us we'll
give you your own segment on Wednesdays
when we'll do a thing called the
doghouse or the is just called the
Wednesday doghouse or some
then basically it was where three people
would calm in and they were in trouble
with their spouses or girlfriends and I
would judge who is in the most trouble
well after after doing that for about a
year I started getting online and
basically started watching YouTube after
I bought my first laptop and stayed up
all night just I would type in things I
wanted to see like Green Day concert do
jumping off a cliff on skis or whatever
and I was like this is amazing I could
watch basically whatever I want on you
to I just type in it and it's there and
I remember sitting there in my chair and
the Sun coming up I'm like oh my heck I
just stayed up all night watching
YouTube videos so I started getting more
involved in the community and I ended up
watching a guy who had ether name by he
went by sxephil AKA philip defranco and
he had a contest where he hadn't made a
video called how to get an online web
series or show or something like that
and basically he opened it up to
submissions for people who wanted to
make a video there was no you know it
could have been about anything basically
and I made a video called the he-man
germ which was a concept that I thought
of when I was at the radio station and
saw the hand sanitizers that said kills
99.99% of the germs and I thought well
that means there's like one germ left on
your hand who's the strongest of all the
germs it killed all the weak germs but
the germ I really wanted to kill is
still alive because it only kills 99.99%
of the germs and he's like the he-man
German so I made this video I made this
video there laughs it's kind of weird I
don't know what you guys are laughing at
because of the delay so I I I could just
look stupid and that's what you guys are
laughing at anyways
what what do you mean the batteries died
what why do they die I really wanted to
see that hey why did you have to charge
batteries why are you so stupid you
can't charge your batteries don't you do
this every day
you know furthermore I'm getting sick of
you uploading these videos so late why
do you love them so late
you know what I have put you right in
the face Shay Carl you're freaking
pissing me off so much
right by love your videos lol bye first
I 5 stars la Seto what's going on homey
jeez are in that yeah hey I'm at the
office and just film something with Lisa
she's such a bad actress hey how's it
going anyways the guys listen to this
exciting news the guys from MIDI mafia
who wrote the song famous PHA oh you
know that one they're here and um we're
talking about making a music video to
that song I think we should I think we
should I think it'd be a blast
hey nice introduce you guys there is
that's one of them something introduce
yourself sir Kamini Maki one half Swift
wow you're not MIDI mind you watch out
it's Bruce Bruce we're gonna make it
weren't making music video huh tell
about it it's gonna be sweet as ready
crack me off the chain
Oh Ezra Ezra it's gonna be off the chain
off the chain you just wait its way but
still check him out you guys got a
YouTube channel what's it called yeah
mini muffin Oh links in the sidebar so
subscribe subscribe
Ben I'm vlogging
generally homoerotic be honest you got
one - this one - ready whenever I'm
walking I hold
I'll grab baby tarts hand let go let go
let go I'll grab her hand like this I'll
be walking and she'll put her other hand
on my hand because she wants to do this
I love you so much I love you so much I
love you so much I love you so much baby
her say I love you so much
ok come on it's getting bad sever bed
get your button bed look go get in bed
maybe try the same prayer ok full germs
forms
say / hi Daddy
hey guys watch this I bet I can make
Malachi move his leg with one finger
ready here we go
stop-and-go would be like stop we really
move it move it move it move it move it
stop it stop it
thank you move it in three seconds one
two three move it move it move it and
stop stop
good good boy now let's move it slowly
please
slowly nope don't know slowly
goo goo goo goo stop stop
good boy that's your new trick
