hi I'm log in here go go go get in the
car
are you scared upon the rank up now huh
so it's raining a lot and it's exciting
because it doesn't rain very often or
have any other change in the weather
very often here we're gonna do okay hey
dog yeah you're gonna go to school Oh
boys can't resist puddles
can they come home soaking wet
jump alright here we go let's go this
way this is what rain does to our
children do we need to invest in a you
know oh there's a ring on your face hold
on let me get that for you there you go
we need to invest in an umbrella or two
that's smart device umbrellas yes we do
I think so oh yay
and another truth I think as as an adult
I avoid the puddles but children they're
like who peddles gravitate to the puddle
is that fun you're soaking wet
what happened to your baby she looks
like she's sweating is she working out
did she work out this morning she's
crying that belt here hey it's nighttime
now I have just been at a meeting all
day station and mommy tart and the baby
tarts came to pick me up
hi hello Bobby
what is he saying that in the Pirates of
the Caribbean what does that mean oh
what's a Bobbitt Lorena Bobbit hello I
heard what you do it's a puppet hey she
is the best thumb sucking nose picking
baby this side of the Mississippi and
she is proud of it ladies and gentlemen
and you're the cat's pajamas
what okay he's having a playdate with
Gela Elijah Oh Elijah Elijah
 the battle the Battle of Jericho
that's Joshua the battle Joshua there's
Elijah in there somewhere
it's choir I mean I wasn't quite as for
losers kids always remember that choir
and band is for losers only the Nerds
are in the choir and the band nerds cool
guys have PE yeah it's very encouraging
you want some toys okay
wait look at the finger what does the
finger say that means no no any who's
over here at the Walgreens to pick up
some pictures
oh we want to come we love you come on
kids
hey you're gonna get the pictures BRB
come on baby tard that's him
I wanna see him are they good do they
turn out super cute oh I hope they do
because if they didn't your butts on the
line they are oh they are centaurs like
three right there did you hate her yet I
was are we done we're like looking fit
we just got caught up in our memories
couldn't help ourselves
I called that I said what that's my spot
he wants a new you see that's what
suppose please and in Spanish it's
porfavor do not take that spot and he
said I respect your decision and now
we're here the spot
let's go get something okay so we just
stopped by Panda Express to get a little
Dindin for the family and I want to talk
to you guys about something something
that's two things I want to talk to you
about I just bumped that car okay so
something just happened in there that
made me feel like weird and bad and it's
one of those moments you've all done him
um Chad yeah there's no Chad from the
clip critics he just has he has a new
vlog channel check it out links in the
sidebar he was talking about in a
previous video about he was gonna work
with this lady who this guy said oh yeah
she used to be really hot back in the
day so that would be cool you to work
with her anyways so Chad
those works with the lady they do a
great project together and he's like hey
so I heard you used to be like really
hot and she's like yeah I guess I used
to be anyway I say like made a poster
and he was like oh oh
like he's one of those things that you
say and you're like oh I know I didn't
mean that anyway so I just did that in
the Panda Express we're sitting there in
front of the orange chicken the
world-famous delicious-looking pen
Express please I mean check orange
chicken it's so scrumptious me and the
kids are sitting there looking it's a
steaming glaze of golden beautifulness
and the guy said they're scooping it up
on the plates and Sun tarts like that
looks really good and we're all like
sitting there drooling like yeah it does
and then thunder goes dad I want to grow
up and be a cook cuz it was like it was
like a great moment right and that guys
cook and everything and so I kind of my
brain just like as a joke I like well
sentire drop out of school and you can
be a cook like just be like in my mind
I'm like and I wasn't saying it to the
guy it just came out like hey stay in
school kids don't drop out but I
realized that it meant like the guy
that's serving my food is a cook and I
you know I you know I was like no um and
I didn't want to say anything because I
was like on that that narrow there's
this narrow line it's like teetering
line of he might not have heard me
it's like right there where I'm like did
he hear that like it was just a loud
enough where he was concentrating on the
conversation he definitely would have
heard it but if he's like in his own
mind thinking like I want get out of
here I hit this job he wouldn't have
heard it so I'm like saying I don't know
if I want to apologize because I'm
crossing my fingers that he didn't hear
and but then I sort of thing like you
spit my food I'm like eyes like a hop-on
my food I'm like you know watching
foreign substances I don't anyway so I'm
like what's the proper thing should I
apologize yeah and the thing is is I
used to be a cook I was a cook I loved
being a cook I worked at a steak and
lobster restaurant I was one of my
favorite jobs I've never had and I loved
I did it for two years and I loved it
anyways just you know just an
interesting tidbit of my
that just happened I just want to show
that yes okay that's why you come here
for us to share these experiences so we
can be one big family I love you guys
tune in next
Hey all right kid let's go home we're
gonna get some food like real man eats
meat yeah right bridge the star always
has to one-up to cute that baby tard
does she's like hey that was really cute
watch me one baby tard see I heard that
I heard it was a sound in the night it
was like a dust in the wind what happens
small particulate matter that has no
meaning in the wind give me a green go
go so does this make me travellish the
kids alarm mommy thar has an alarm at
8:45 every night the alarm goes off
which means it's bedtime so every night
the alarm goes off at 8:45 and either we
have just put the kids in bed or it
reminds us like okay everybody brush
your teeth let's go it's time for bed
the alarm just went off and I thought to
myself yes I'm not one of the little
kids I get to stay up is it weird that I
think like it sucks to be them they have
to go to bed but I get to stay up ever
I'm 29 years old
should I be the adult but I still feel
like I'm a lucky kid like yes and
mommy's like just please go to bed so I
can go to sleep and that's when the
shaycarl party starts what I don't have
to listen to any of these obnoxious kids
and annoying wife what it's just me in
the silence of the house sometimes not
oh what's up you know what you made
great chili last night
ain't no party like a shake Carl
particles of shake our party don't stop
yeah you know this fool son that's
recognized yeah
