hi I'm vlogging here holy man Joey I
think he could be better than the Little
Caesars chip I can't even see these
train I can't either
that one of the other quarters like oh
man I don't know gee I could just be
like Johnson Johnson's been practicing
for years yeah I think I'm gonna start
doing that maybe I already have you
decide you willing to bet a million
dollars that you have it or won't
okay okay
I'll make us sign they do it what are
you waiting for
pull we're in the car at the moment but
it's a home I'll find the box don't make
a sign that you Thomas Jefferson would
let that hold them back
how much Jefferson didn't have a car
doesn't matter he would make a sign he
would do what he said his mind to well
for mine what's he doing I'm Jefferson
I'm not gonna do that right now you
nowhere near as good as Thomas Jefferson
have no idea is he like your best friend
is besties you and Tom J I bet you
Adventure and Franklin
is would even look hotter than a dress
okay that's where you're wrong
nations rise join the triumph of the
skies light and life to all he brings
with healing in his wings mild he lays
his glory by all that man no more may
die born to raise the sons of earth born
to give them second
when you whistle constantly yeah I do
unless I do my really loud whistle then
I suck in I'd like this like that so
what do we do today honey what are you
doing your coloring what are you three
years old
let's see your drawing whatever you
colored I'm married to a six year old
girl yeah that could be weird uh hey
guys we didn't do anything today no went
to church mommy tarde made the best
chili at one that chili cook-off that
was a lame artist today and today only
my heart was having a chili cook-off and
mommy turned to look at me like I Oh
something's going on I'm getting out of
here oh oh yeah we were huh so good I
have to give the credit to sister
because it's good it's her recipe recipe
I did little nuggets little nuggets of
deliciousness isn't so I basically I
took a big nap on the couch after ate my
chili then I got up and I edited my vlog
that yesterday's vlog and it has 341
minutes to process and it's 9 o'clock at
night so it looks like another late
upload
so today's video sucked but yesterday's
video was great they should go watch
that one that was full an action-packed
and then I watched I watched the Vikings
lose Brett Favre was not his night today
Kurt Warner really handed him an L a
loss anyways now we're just hanging out
kids are in bed that's good and that's
about all we did today right that's good
great so anyways thanks for watching
these videos even though this what's I
feel like I need to apologize the chili
made up for all of today we didn't do
anything today you guys I'm sorry I mean
we sat around this house it was a nice
relaxing Sunday at home with the family
watch Lord of the Rings someone Harry
the Potter Harry the Potter
I was asleep during not many was okay so
that's it that's all you get today 6teen
no 24 and how many books are there seven
one book that they made into you know
multiple movies or is it multiple books
that they made into their movies I need
to know the answer to that
you couldn't just look online we have to
ask you guys
it was a cold dark night
what do you want I said and he said play
that song that you're just playing again
shut the F up and do it this one that
one we've come up with a new thing that
you can say something mean and offensive
to somebody but as long as you go yeah
it's okay shut the hell up I need your
gun you secondly in the guitar we've
been doing for about 30 minutes now we
keep laughing everything seriously it's
certainly get really old and you're
obnoxious and I hate your guts yeah
let's do this dog straight trip and true
life forever go go Fox yourself go
yeah dude dude yeah
I have grown that - you broken take me
home and my bride Mouse's trouble take
me home take me back to my vegan I came
to this border take me
I have to go you freaking saw nourish
you guys are so obnoxious I am laying on
your pillow and I hope my fleas are
making a shantytown in this public
shantytowns I want to bite your
testicles off that's a scooby-doo see
you guys tomorrow
peace in the Middle East
