hi I'm logging here good morning
Saturday outside I don't know
hi good morning Saturday afternoon right
there honey
I would park up here how's it going guys
I woke up today and I thought hey Shay
remember how you're losing weight fat
chunky boy and I said why are you aside
you oh look they're shooting something
here a filming something something I
don't know they're filming they're
always filming some in LA they didn't
night camera running I'll be right back
anyways guys so let's just talk some
real talk really quick just move it if
somebody comes I'll be fast so I have
lost 22 pounds total right before
Thanksgiving eight regular Thanksgiving
then we went to Vegas and I've gained
four pounds back but I'm still down to
18 pounds but I thought okay stop Shay
let's stop but stop keep going let's
keep pushing through to the other side I
have a gun
anyways so I am NOT I'm getting back on
the wagon right now I'm going
that's strong and I'm coming here cuz
you don't have any fruits and vegetables
and these guys juice juice every day
check it out
it's totally fresh they juice it
themselves they put their own little
labels on it it's a hundred percent
natural juice they juice that same day
so I'm getting some juice here so I can
get back on the wagon so I got me a
orange mango and the green one is
wheatgrass kale celery apple Kiwi mango
mango pineapple and banana Wow all in
that green one so when I got up this
morning I weighed myself and I was 260
pounds my goal is before we go home I
want to get to 250 that's my goal I need
to lose 10 more pounds before we go home
for Christmas that's my goal 250 okay
and I'm 260 right now and I was 278 he
doesn't see what these people are
shooting hi hi excuse me pardon me thank
you have a good day bye
thank oh that guy was foolin then I
don't need big expensive cameras you got
my little vlogging camera right here
filming with who's watching this who's
watching this video okay now we're going
to Sun tards Bazaar whatever that is
what is that oh yes mommy turn went to
the dollar store buy silly putty and
tell us what you were gonna do with it
in the kids toxins but no clapping I
tell you I love silly buddy but I used
to eat it or bite it I used to bite it
you never been it no I used to bring it
to school that's why you're so
uneducated well you got your Iron Man
toy oh it's a ninja how silly of me
nice carry did that what movie did you
even carry do that in but it was like
with lunch meat he put over it seriously
roll that up roll it up really tight and
bite it it feels so cool never trust me
you've never been it have you guys ever
bitten silly putty like you roll it up
and you bite it oh let's see
bite it right a hard get to bite a hard
all the way through all the way through
like pops oh I love that I love the
texture guys excited he's so excited
you're going to miss baby it's a pretty
nice jump house the fear wristbands fear
wristbands no mommy how much of those
wristbands cost
how much 12 bucks to play in the jump
house leases go into a good cause right
yeah its corners going back to education
and the principal didn't know its name
oh that's good probably because he's
getting and gets in trouble so much
sometimes you want to fly under the
radar you don't want the principal will
know your name you guys were here at the
bazaar the bazaar for Seventh Art School
and they're jumping on stuff and
punching each other and there might be
some kicks to the head the groin area
just all fun here on a Saturday at the
bazaar let's see it go baby card you
want to go in there you're too small to
do girl
oh hi
other kids in here look after you shoot
me get you your gun it was like swamp
man it was creepy
you're amazing you guys should have seen
the way he walked it was like he was
lurking down the street Gary where's he
going anyway I don't know maybe he wants
more tree buddies hanging out with oh no
there's eight spots left in this parking
garage
oh just that full no we were turning
into this parking garage and it said
there is eight spots left and then like
four people pulled in front of us
hopefully somebody's pulling out dang it
Thanks what do we just see but we're in
the Apple store and I walked by this
computer
and there's iJustine but that's our
video
hey I'm logging here let's make this
let's make this big screen let's just
let it play let's let it play good Bobby
talk
that's a big thing look that's us we're
famous that's me singing I felt like we
don't care
I'm gonna do that let's see if I'm gonna
learn how to do that and tomorrow let's
see there I know bothering awesome to
borrow their ball
No
my rock band here are you ready to rock
oh you're playing the drums singing
another guitar
we're all sitting here as a family on
the couch on a Saturday night and what
are we watching
let's see yay fighting ok guys you have
to decide who you want to win the fat
white guy with the beard or the fat
white guy with the beard who do you want
to win you want to win the guy with the
black pants why do you want him to win
you like favorite your favorite color is
yellow I've written for the fat white
guy with the beard because they're
shorts are pretty sit-downs like oh oh
we got a ballerina in the produce aisle
13 in the presents I'm ready let's
remember to keating oranges in your
stocking I do don't drop it don't drop
it
this is the Shaytards
circus we got dancing and juggling shake
it quit trying to tenderize the oranges
nope
moms in charge of the grocery
distribution
it's like she's getting corn flakes two
for five bucks what a deal what's his
they're great they're great
that's Tigger that's wrong I know you do
I can feel it I feel like this should be
like ten points if I could take maybe
tard gorgeo her no can't tell you how
many times in our lifes I've heard that
catcher here catch
that balloon just has so many
possibilities isn't it it's like a life
preserver it's a big enough table for
you I know it needs some people Adam
scoot over scoot over Adam
anyways going to a birthday party for
Michael you guys might know him he has a
YouTube channel totally sketch and the
helps produce him film for us in the
station so here's the party oh yeah
Danny's put his dancing slippers on ooh
gasps we've got his dancing sweater on
Tay Zonday that is wrapping hat on
totally sketch I love this sure that's
the best shirt ever it's a dark bear
it's a man fighting a shot I just match
the question it depends on the terrain
of course but it's blue shirt but it
wasn't jello blue jello it could be
evenly matched
you never know that's very accurate
now jelly vlogging touch the man
started well it's all about getting cast
them on camera in a sweet sweater is you
honest you want to get a couple million
views hold on let me show you previous
million views right there
Oh what's one crappy good happy bday
little juice happy birthday thank you so
much shake off your birthday action hi
I'm Michael Gallagher and I'm the
producer of totally sketch with the
station I came shaycarl didn't focus
whatever we do in video let's subscribe
watch you links in the sidebar other way
to design
I'm understand bitch you unmanned they
understand reprimand their daughters
bright young women sick of swimmin ready
to stand and ready to know what the
people know ask em my questions and get
some answers and what's the word
one of the sees me
