say something interesting the
Pythagorean theorem of 80 - 1211 squared
you know what I'm sick of this what are
we doing your oldest child say this is
college dropout for a piece of Derek
she's like you're not 19
please don't mix them up we cannot be
same as what you need two chargers
is the YouTube celebrities working
really really hard on side and here's
the lazy vista lazy director of
photography rub my feet back was like
Christmas in here Christian Christian
Christmas Christians
such a long day of shooting finally home
let's see who's awake
if anybody opens locked let Daddy and
let Daddy come into the house is gonna
be Oh princess her tomamos what are you
guys doing up you having a slumber party
baby turns wearing three hats cute hi
Molokai I love email hi I miss you so
much dad
oh you're watching the movie is this
Harry Potter is this Harry Potter is
that Mouse boy I'm gonna go in here and
read rule out my spells and say see you
guys it's no boy oh boy it's melt away
baby turtle why do you have Smee hats
yes ma'am okay guys I am racing against
the clock here
I left my power cord where we're
shooting the video and I'm trying to
upload today's video without my power
cord there is 18
I turned my screen down so there's like
hardly any light but there's 18 percent
battery and it's only been uploaded 110
out of 323 megabytes so it has 60% more
to go on 19% battery so I don't know if
it's gonna make it I have the other
computer but the files on that computer
so if that computer dies I can't upload
the video tonight and that would be like
my real first video that I ever miss
because I've always up loaded the video
before I've gone to bed all 200 and
however many days I've done so if that
battery dies before the video uploads to
wait till tomorrow so if this video is
late no it's that video it's
birthday video then you know why yeah
but it's 10:45 at night you know does
that ridiculous to go borrow a cord from
somebody you have to know I'll just wait
till tomorrow I love you guys but I
don't want to go I'm so tired please
don't let's make a wish I wanna make a
wish what a coincidence
I know what I'm wishing for right yeah
yeah I know I wish I might not so maybe
you should make a good wish and I'll
make a good wish and if we both make
good wishes one of them will come true
okay ready 1 2 3
what did you wish for you can't say or
will come true
did you really wish this video and
upload what was the other half of it so
now the the responsibility is on her if
the video hasn't uploaded on time it's
her fault because she told us for which
right baby dart baby turn this is this
baby turn I love you so much I love you
so much
I love you so much you want chocolate
it's 10:45 midnight chocolate I love you
so much
put the hat on maybe tired let's see
where it would see you where
why does he so psycho what have you done
to our daughter wasn't me
Oh precious princess card Oh
who's that handsome man right there is
that Prince Charming hey princess art
that boy on the cover of your coloring
book
oh wait wait let me see that let me see
that what is this why is the Barbies
face scratched out
did did you scratch out Barbie's face is
this prince yours is that what you
scratched your face out why is your face
scratched out why did you scratch your
face out oh my goodness I think we
already have a drama queen on her hands
you scratched out the face of Barbie so
that the prince would be yours didn't
you admit it admit it I love you so much
I love you so much
hey mommy tired scared yeah hmm that
smells good it's like gunpowder
I like that smell these smell it smell
it
so was it smelling like fireworks okay
wrap your finger around it now you have
to hold the bottle tight with your hand
and shoot it out that way oh I'll shoot
it out the camera here shoot it at the
camera shooter right here at the camera
pull it
pull pull hard go full this is scary for
me that it is you pull hard
mommy thar do you do it I want to see
what looks like in the camera what's she
yammin for okay ready right into the
camera ready that was scary
tastes like sulfur we are right on the
cusp of uploading it's down to 11 it's
like exciting it's almost something you
would be willing to pay to watch it's
like oh is it gonna make it like you can
make bets you can make wagers you guys
should make bets right now if it's gonna
work 11% battery and we still have seven
and a half minutes to go well seven and
a half minutes be long enough for 11% of
battery to upload this thing
mommy thar just made a valid point
because you are watching this video
right now
it means you would know the answer so
therefore a wager would be a hundred
percent beneficial to you because you
already know the answer this is a live
stream okay we're coming down to the
last seconds there is a six percent
battery left and it says 11 seconds I'm
gonna turn the screen up I'm gonna be
daring here we go I'm turning up the
brightness two seconds left look it's
almost uploaded 6% battery it hasn't
gone through yet no your video settings
have been successfully saved with 6%
battery left yeah we did it what up
mommy tall we did it good job teamwork
code power
