are you peeking you're trying to peek
weren't you
we got a super secret surprise in there
he's excited but open um we have to wait
to all the party people get here I'm
ready for party not yeah I have to wait
because wait way to take your family
you're right the lighting is on fire
each other
yes my boy your boy and six your boy is
sick
you're quiet Thanks your boy effects you
can this strange lady in our house
you're the present your son give me that
castle this is a kids party centaur that
scene was I pop your cake
oh cool dude
well clean them off is that tradition
from your mother's family over thy
forehead what do you wish the giver for
now you have to make a wish for me like
you have to wish something that won't
like you hope something good for me but
has to be for me because I'm giving you
this present so you have to say I wish
that dad would not be as ugly and it
comes with the repulsor gauntlets yeah
the movie that's open the other wing
violin D capitation with the samurai
ninja Saxon it say next present
next month thank you baby chart weight
limits just to give you a bump on the
head
that's the rule have you hangover over
thy poor head what would you wish the
giver for a bump a bump almost an
accident she almost tripped on the new
shoes dance with Danny where's now you
get to live in the streets with your new
shoes when I have one to go get mine
there's frog Cassidy and Lisa Danny had
been it's from all of us it's really
just because of that's ravallo happy
bird they just forgot to write their
names on it there's a card in there too
but that's okay let's move on your
repulsor cannon
it's a repulsor watch this Kassem Lisa
and Danny should be and there's so much
don't just maybe there were there
there's were there you don't there's
like ten in there let's get the
candidate okay
those will be lots enjoy him tonight
you'll never stand with you on a scale
from one to ten ten being a lot how much
do you want this next present hey close
your eyes okay walk this direction walk
over here don't look or give me this
I'll hold it all and learn not a tedious
overnight he was very studious and he
needs it for the party I need to have a
good time I'm not having a good time
right now
what's your mommy your boy down is here
there you go checking your thumb
