hi I'm vlogging here Oh boobie card how
was the cheesiest vial I've ever seen
I'm mute all right what are we doing for
who son toodle tarde where's the other
children's escuela so we're gonna get
don't tell him everybody we're gonna get
centaur a bike I have one wait wait hold
it
I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride
my bike you don't know that son
it's from Queen stupid oh hi sorry just
vlogging we will sort of graduate new
anyways bring it son a bike because it's
this bike that he has now is a little
bit too small and it's hard to keep up
I want to see if we can get him on with
the gear so they can shift yeah he needs
a shifting the shifting needs more gear
so you go faster ok ready ok steer I'll
chop maybe turns go right go right he
goes straight
I think you have to push your feet back
and forth high correct your nooblet very
tired smilin hey so these bikes are too
small well this one might not be this is
a beach cruiser though what do you got
something like this honey that's like a
beach cruiser
get some lettuce on you there what did
you get hmm that looks so super
delicious yours yummy hey MA
here comes the princess star and
Princess hard hey princess guard what is
that it's the flowers did you have
pictures today your hair looks so pretty
what's that Oh awesome
I sure do
good job baby tart has a super sleepy
star so our shade the pirate here and
now I'm totally blind we're headed to
target try to find Sun thar to bike the
bike the Sports Chalet didn't have one
our Indies it's better than when she
uses my beard she just grabs hon - my
beard as handholds and it kills so we
got the two chiquititas Sun tart is
still at school
we got princess tart and may be tarred
in tow looking for a birthday present we
go dad hey guys just testing out this
bike here and target
I think I'm gonna get my mom one of
these for Christmas when these beach
cruiser bikes
so I think it'll go good with my new
high heels I just thank you what do you
think oh that's the other one better
maybe see it's like if I'm watching TV
and I can't see that's amazing
hi guys
hey what's up Shay Carl haven't your
beard where'd it go
an animal took it what kind of animal so
a tiger took your beard because it
didn't like it
nice to meet you Shay Carl give me five
all right no break between the bill and
yeah yeah that's it
tell you where it hey guys shaycarl here
anyways hey baby right say hi I'm Shay
Carl I'm Shay Carl I like this work it's
a little bit
got the $10 discount $10 you know why
disco just ask just ask for discounts
client say hey can the discount on it my
guys like sure I'll give you 10 bucks
off right now it doesn't that think of a
deal but it's a game it's like a game
oh geez you need to lower that alright
here we go
I just think the crowd should know what
you do when you don't know the king
awesome trick were you picking your nose
I just put out my nose when I push the
button
don't come to this gas station next that
was gross
we didn't see it I was telling myself
Chris pick in your nose he see what he
does when he thinks the camp is not
looking what what it is your birthday
oh we completely forgot I guess we're
not gonna do anything is that okay
what's going on
he really looked broken out it
I'm joking he's your birthday Gavin I
was filming and I noticed that you guys
saw that sorry that's my finger your
birthday son cardona I did not do
nothing burn my grammar
what are you guys doing I love that game
granddad what's up what what tomorrow's
your birthday birthday does that mean we
have to get you presents oh go get him
let's see
hey baby tard princess hard did you guys
get your brother a birthday present you
guys didn't get him a birthday present
don't open them now let's wait till
tomorrow thank you well you'll find out
tomorrow birthday boy how old are you
gonna be six was that a hang loose on
that hand are you hanging loose you're
doing the pinkie to the office I'm
walking around as I process my video for
you guys it's trying to I had to go to a
meeting so I've just been carrying my
computer around letting it process all
right let's see if the family's doing
you guys you guys boy you're bombed
asleep
you guys you guys watching your mom oh
well excuse me I wouldn't want you to
miss Barney well that's right there
tubby McBee Reddington it looks like I'm
here taking care of your family while
you're out playing with your internet
friends loser
