hi December first Christmas
hi everybody it's Christmas time here at
the shikoro family Merry Christmas
hi we're starting the vlog today at 6 in
the evening because daddy was tired and
I had to take a vacation from our
vacation you know how that is you get
home and you're like I'm exhausted I
think I'll sleep all day long that's
what I did
what'd you do mom did the normal stuff
thanks for making me look like a big
jerk I did I sure yeah yeah check those
guns out you guys did good stuff to you
at the school you weren't you learned
your your arithmetic hi we got a bunch
of little starlets on our hands thank
Cameron look at me anyways we're headed
right now to the birthday party of one
sxe DeFranco this 24th the celebratory
evening if you will and there's gonna be
some cool peeps there yo will chill with
them and I'll show you guys will say hey
what's up we're hanging out anyways
we're gonna excited for Christmas
we're excited why are we excited mommy
card because we're going back to Idaho
think it over
no freaking yeah we're going back to
Idaho and eighteen days we're really
excited to go home for Christmas see our
house our house is just sitting there in
Idaho waiting for us and to see all of
our family and our cousins and our
grandmas and grandpas and moms and dads
and everybody all our family for
Christmas you're getting so excited to
see the snow Christmas music just isn't
as good when there's not snow on the
ground that's what I think you agree
with me yeah that's why we're lovers I
mean okay see you guys at the restaurant
eh what's up son tard
oh yeah PS by the way son turds
birthdays come up in a few days so he's
I can never tell that's a good thing or
a bad thing I wouldn't know I would not
like to have my birthday near Christmas
you know I mean recently it's the best
the best because I'm always thinking you
know after Thanksgiving I'm like oh we
got to get Christmas presents and then
you always forget about sundar yeah I
think the best time to have a birthday
is probably in June because it looks
like you split up the year you get
presents in June you get presents and
Christmas haha
Juden that's your birthday Halle what
does that make you what sign are you I'm
a cancer oh that's not a good sign well
it is why because that means I'm born in
June or you'll die of cancer either way
okay bye that's fun
here's Justine you're searching let's
see the cake what does it say it says
happy bday at Philly D except she put
the D like on the separate line oh yeah
how does she know how to Twitter reply
stupid the sun-times birthday's in two
days feels about to come your way
totally surprised if he doesn't know
we're gonna be here we're all blogging
at the same time you totally didn't even
know
I don't know I think we can do that
better I know better I go to the top did
you say surprise a surprise a surprise
Suns hard how those chopsticks working
out for you getting them you getting
your chopsticks down yeah baby tired are
you using chopsticks yet you're crazy
good job IJ tarde I'm proud of you look
at you huh grunts its Brent Charlie
don't throw in its Brent art it's an in
its Edward hard to say it's an it's red
target we're all tarts here
what is this call that's called pet sue
and Sue you could say like that plague
yeah it comes from the belly comes with
a pram its Katsura okay sighs holy we
got sunshine let's find your help
everyone ever go here I'm like I don't
I quit vlogging with my wife Justine
sexy Philip DeFranco TV
in the body that's what are these things
there's no sink it just like flat
there's no bowl like crazy okay these
guys my baby I'm like maybe my dry
cleaning off your countertop at first
when you come in here it just looks like
a normal mirror but then these faces pop
up and scare the crap out of here
okay scent are you ready to go the
bathroom you're doing to the bathroom
though you're gonna wash your hands now
right okay so walk over and look in the
mirror and wash your hands okay come on
come on
one here are you pissed at me goodbye
I'm sorry
all right hi okay wash your hands
where's the sink put the sink at okay
wash your hands so how do you make it
work it's right there
here comes a bike gang a biker gang
hi homies whoo yeah look there's a whole
nother group coming down here too
there's like 200 people on bikes they
all go down to this there's this
roundabout down here they all go down
there like play jump rope and stuff yeah
bicycles are on I don't know what you
say I just said Pixy so I'm about a
pixie
she said I'm a Pixy think happy thoughts
anyways that's the that's the notorious
biker gang here in Los Angeles
yeah there's a lot of them we should
start a pogo stick gang and have more
than they do let's do it
you look like the Mona Lisa right now no
no I don't hear those biker guys are
screaming down there
1:01 what's up guys it's 101 I always
say that there's two things I think I
always say in these vlogs and it drives
me crazy when I'm editing it and I don't
want to bring it up because that you
guys will notice it maybe you already do
two things I feel like I always say is
what's up guys and anyways I feel like I
say the word anyway it's like my
transition after I've finished the
thought and I want to begin a new
thought I feel like I always say
so anyways bla bla bla bla bla bla bla
anyways and I'm editing the videos and
it drives me mad and I think myself
stop saying anyways stop act nah there's
people on the corner staring at me
anyways oh I totally didn't mean to do
that
oh they shouldn't have brought it up I
might add at this part out because then
you guys are gonna always call me up you
said anyways I heard it use it anyways
cut you say anyways I'm going to the
bank and oh here's what I was going to
talk about I am a late-night person as
you guys know and I like to do stuff at
night but it sucks because everything's
closed at night so you can't really do
anything at night but one thing I like
about the bank is I can make a deposit
at night and I have just been doing our
bills have been paying all the bills
online I love that by the way paying
bills online is so easy I remember back
in the day I would write out checks and
have to get stamps and put the address
and on me all the envelopes would take
me like two hours to pay like twelve
bills now I get online and I'm done in
probably 20 minutes anyways I need to
make you deposit at the bank
so it's 1:00 in the morning and I'm
going to the bags make a deposit because
that's what I do anyways here I go to
make that deposit now okay all done I'm
loving the new tee at ATMs at my bank
they have a thing where you if you
mantle make a deposit you can do it
without an envelope I remember back
the day a lot of times that come late at
night like now to deposit money and
there would be no envelopes I couldn't
make my deposit because all the
envelopes had been gone because people
had used them but now you can just
deposit cash literally the other night I
deposited I think like a hundred bucks
in 20s and you don't have to have an
envelope you just put the stack right in
and it pulls them in I just deposited a
check and it I don't want to show you
guys obviously see on the receipt that I
got it printed out a tiny little image
of my check of the actual check a little
probably 1 by 3 inch image of the actual
check that I put in without an envelope
nology is awesome I love it and they're
now one of my chores is done which means
I can sleep in tomorrow as late as I
want no not as late as I want and tell
mommy tired comes and says get your fat
butt out of bed Shae they say ok mommy
