hi I'm vlogging here okay good morning
you guys
it's I am I know I just woke up it's 8
o'clock in the morning and I am gonna go
get my hair cut and I know I've told you
guys in the past that I'm going for 10
inches um but I'm scared I might just do
two inches to make it fresh and then
when shave this beard
I'll go drastic but anyway so I will let
you know okay here we go
bye okay so I'm all finished I only got
a couple of inches off I don't know if
you can tell but um it feels so much
better because it was really stringy
before so I just got a couple inches off
cut my bangs there's one main reason why
I didn't do the 10 inches right now but
I'm not gonna tell you about it so I
just have to wait okay but you'll find
out anyway so I guess I'm going back to
my family now alright buckle in got your
car seats mommy's got her nice but good
hi Joe got me Joe has his beard son
charge you ready all right bye Vegas by
Willie Nelson my beards better than
yours but I still love you bye Planet
Hollywood
thanks for lettuce letting us flash your
mob it was a pleasure it was a pleasure
flashing Planet Hollywood small
really enjoyed myself now we got to
drive the five hours back to Los Angeles
the carload of kids should be
interesting here we go yay
this is barely happened didn't see it
happen
yeah
so we've just pulled over this just
barely happened we didn't see happen but
it looks like everybody's okay hair
straight okay so it looks like what
happened is they hit this embankment
right here they hit this there flew in
the air and then landed right there you
see that divot and then the car flipped
and rolled right into the fence but
everybody's alright good miracle boy
yeah cuz he's so happy we're home oh
yeah we're home good boy good boy oh I'm
so glad you're home oh so glad oh I'm
gonna run out of here I can hardly
contain myself Oh jeepers hurry comes
into the dark watch out he's gonna hit
us Malakai he went around the house wife
died okay whew the propeller is like an
airplane Wow guy like I regard
he's the midnight train coming through
right down to Georgia my gosh hey guys
look I can run fast through the house
like roger ailes good boy oh oh you
missed you guys very bad we love you we
love you oh yes
kiai seems cleaner oh boy got puppy Oh
mommy don't ever leave me again I'll
resume was Oh mommy pet me I love you so
much I don't I need to practice the
Malakai voice I've forgotten I'm a
little rusty excuse me the going is
going it's going it's going
hi guys it is late it is 1156 so
technically this vlog is going to be
late uh but we got to get back in the
swing of things you know it's been hard
with the weekend in Vegas doing the
flash moment in the dance and and all
that stuff but we're back home now it's
good to be home and we're trying to get
all that stuff unpacked you know from
the trip you know how it is you want to
trip you come home you're like oh so
tired I'm recording this on the I set
I'm on my computer while waiting well in
perverts
anyways um so this vlog is short and
crappy thanks for noticing okay grade 5
stars
we're back home and we're getting
excited for Christmas
mommy tart has already spent some of our
money thanks for that mommy and she's
already bought some of the kids presents
it's Sun tards birthday in a couple days
and so in be celebrating that in days to
come you'll all be there for it and now
we're excited to go home for Christmas
we're gonna go home to Idaho for
Christmas and we're gonna see the snow
and I'm gonna try to get some skiing in
if possible and I was gonna do all that
kind of fun holiday stuff with the
family we've been away from our family
now for six seven months now so it'll be
exciting to go home anyways I'm sorry
this vlog is short and crappy that wreck
you saw um there are some more footage
of it but I took it out because mommy
tard felt bad for filming the people
that wrecked nicely why do you feel bad
like I just feel bad that she's so soft
mommy tard is such a nice like she just
doesn't have a mean bone her body I'm
not saying it mean but she just felt bad
for filming their misfortune and I'm
like
I'm a reporter I'm a vlogger I just
loved the news so there was other
footage of those people I didn't put it
because mommy would get me out of me
Mac she's asleep right now so she can't
help anyways so uh hopefully tomorrow's
vlog will be longer and better and I
don't know it'll just be more funner
it's kind of hard to top Vegas you know
we're in the suite in Vegas dancing a
casino and now we're back home to got
very boring in that movie same movie
always reference anyways blah blah
I'll see you guys tomorrow okay yeah you
guys come around come back on over come
back over and say hi and if you haven't
watched the flash mob video at least ten
times today what's your deal watch it a
few more links in the second part that
was so much fun I want to do more I want
to do more flash mobs I want to become a
professional flash mob er I want to be
called senior captain flash mobs
shaycarl the great Senor when I say say
Senor the captain flash mob rachet
curled that's what I want that to be my
job I'm in charge of setting up flash
mobs around the country at your school
we can come do it at your church at your
grandma's funeral anywhere anywhere you
want welcome to a flash mob can I do
that is that a job
can you go to college to be a
professional flash mob I don't know
anyways if you haven't seen it yet go
watch it is so much fun so much fun I
I've watched the video admittedly
probably a hundred times I was thinking
that was a blast
anyways I love you guys so much so much
thank you for watching these videos
thank you for writing five stars and
commenting never know how it's changed
my life
for realsies that's straight talk dawg I
don't know what this is what is that is
that the West Side that's West Side this
is this is fat chubby fingers trying to
wrap around each other you want a hot
dog
I got sausage fingers okay I love you
guys it's a tomorrow
