hi I'm blogging here hey guys what's up
che here so as you can tell I'm at a
undisclosed location right now I am
recording this today as I'm uploading it
but of course the way that the vlogs
work I always upload the day before
yesterday being Thanksgiving that's the
vlog that I'm uploading today I hope you
guys forgive me I did not record a lot I
just thought you know today's a holiday
I just want to kind of relax and be with
the family you guys are my family you
know I love you and I want you guys to
be as you know involved as possible but
yesterday I just really just took it
easy and relaxed and I thought it'll
just be so nice if I don't have to try
to record everything today so I hope you
forgive me I hope you understand today's
video is gonna be short but trust me
tomorrow which is today for me right now
it's I gotta have a lot of footage a lot
of cool footage and I'll explain where
I'm at and everything so these are just
a few little clips that I got of getting
the turkey out and teaching sudden turn
how to cut meat like a man passin
traditions down that's what a father
ought to do to his son passed down a
tradition anyways hope you guys had a
great Thanksgiving
umm I ate ravenously I was full after
like the first half plate of food but I
kept eating but luckily I didn't gain
anyway I woke up this morning I was
really nervous I thought oh crap I
probably gained all that weight back
turns out I have lost a pound from the
previous day even eating the
Thanksgiving dinner I did I did go
running before we ate Thanksgiving
dinner so hopefully that helped speed up
the metabolism so I'm still on the
weight-loss track I'm still going I'll
try to make a shayloss video tonight or
that whenever I can anyways this is
going on too long
I had a great Thanksgiving with mommy
tarts sister and and the cousins and it
was a lot of fun I hope you guys had a
great day and I will see you guys
tomorrow I love you so much I feel so
grateful for you guys I really do
did I ever tell you that listen I just
want you guys to know let's have this
one-on-one right now just me and you I'm
in your room right now looking
my eyes I am in your row I am in your
room
and I just want to say thank you are
somebody's scared right now
is it dark is it late at night and it's
just me and you just me and you looking
at each other's eyes maybe have your
headphones on you can hear it's very
intimate
just me and you I to eye contact thank
you so much for watching this video I
appreciate it
that's creepy right okay so here's some
of the clips from yesterday I love you
guys see you tomorrow there's an
airplane there's an airplane there's a
hotel there's the ninth hour there's a
swimming pool sorry for all you
vegetarians out there where do you want
to put up on that towel oh it's like 150
pounds
look at that succulent miss give it a
kiss put some meat okay wait that's back
and forth that's not careful yeah watch
out back and forth profess
you've gone that's a big turkey leg
right there
Robin Arthur's back and forth two hands
you know cut right here oh it's a fine
day and a young man's life he learns to
cut his first bird there you go
Oh take a bite a tradition back
oh my back yeah there we go
ah it's my first me oh oh no how does it
taste
hmm is it good or is it it's like I'm
just gonna take this in the other room
now okay
it's moistened delicious I get sick
later whoa whoa Suns going down here
okay what okay do that thing bye I got a
breakaway
