all right mommy tarde has the Philly D I
make great assembler I can't really see
it's kind of shadowy anyways she's
wearing me I make great cemetry shirt
that we got for free I have a little
confession
I dropped when I dropped Phil off at the
airport the other day I was I got a box
full of these t-shirts I'm supposed to
mail to some of you guys if you bought
one of these shirts did you buy one
they're in the back of my van right now
we're gonna drop him off right after we
pick up princess TARDIS I'm tired what
you learn at school today he's gonna
show us what do you got red in my pants
yeah so show me what you're working with
it that's Missy Elliott what'd you get
it's a turkey extravaganza that is so
awesome
Oh
whoa
what's that move
he's busting out new moons right left
yeah these are all new had some
signature ones but yeah that one's
definitely these people are down there
cuz you're such a good dancer they want
to see give me my hat back there Eminem
three five that was really good dancing
do you care those people are watching
you you're brave
nice bounce dog yeah where'd you learn
those moves I just made them up on the
spot talent pure talent just dripping
off this boy did you make that in school
a pilgrim hat awesome some tire company
carry this box did you guys did any of
you order a shirt
are you are you kathleen from LaPorte
Indiana or are you Victoria from Glen
Allen Virginia or maybe you're watching
right now and you're Phil from Walnut
Creek California or possibly your Megan
from Del Mar California that's close to
here we should just go drop it off at
our house what do we did that should we
do that would that be weird
I don't more how close is that to us I
don't know
let's do it let's look in the GPS see
how close that doesn't deliver it no we
have to get ready put Thanks
Halloween fun should we take this to
this to Megan in Del Mar California no
why not today maybe on hold first don't
worry hold on I'm gonna search and see
how close this address is does what not
be excited if we delivered it to our
door I think that would be exciting okay
never mind
it's 109 miles
from here sway off sorry we're not gonna
deliver to you but this one is from Jake
in st. Paul Minnesota that reminds me of
a Johnny Cash song we're gonna haul
Minnesota yeah look deliver that one
anyways okay we're taking those in the
post office right now so if you ordered
a shirt here it comes
from Phil not us we're gonna make a
shirt one day one day come on dude mush
push that thing push it
get down on the bottom and push it down
on the bottom and push yeah push Go Go
Go Go hurry push it faster push it this
is awesome
out to the ocean
that's pretty freakin awesome I think
they're just learning how to take off
right here it's like not over a you know
a giant mountain so it's probably a
little less risky this is a good
practice just a little dip just down a
little my cranky little exercise fainted
today is May 20 of my Shay loss plus
twenty point six pounds if you don't
subscribe to my show loss channel I've
been making vlogs pretty much every day
on their about losing my extra Shay so
if you guys want to check it out if you
guys want to lose some weight I'll put
the link in the sidebar today stay 20
I've lost 20 point 6 pounds in 20 days
and I feel amazing this is just the
beginning I'm excited to keep going my
goal weight is 200 pounds we've got 60
pounds to go anyways you can check out
the shayloss channel in the sidebar if
you guys want to get onboard I started
feeling better about yourself it's not
be a fat loser sit on the couch watching
YouTube videos all day I mean it's okay
if you're watching youtube videos one
day that's good for you just do like
something push-ups while you're watching
them or something anyway it's a
beautiful day day before Thanksgiving
get excited tomorrow it'll be the first
time I eat regular food
I've been eating fruits and vegetables
exclusively fruits and vegetables and
nuts and seeds for the last 20 days feel
great I'm kind of worried I'm gonna feel
sick so I'm gonna try not to overdo it
just have a little taste little taste a
taste of all the colors of the
Thanksgiving rainbow it's gonna be
delicious
so nice all these houses right here are
all multimillion-dollar houses along
this Beach they're all gigantic it's
like this little beach community so cool
I still have the goal of being able to
surf I think I just need to lose another
20 or 30 pounds that'll be a lot easier
for me a lot more nimble
Sun is setting on the water the one
there what is Jesus gonna see when he
come back I want him to kiss me love it
that's very true oh man I'm learning man
at 31 years old
I sold dope since I was 14 you got any
right now no I'm just kidding okay
what's your name everybody call me mr.
minister straight and you're a gospel
singer gospel recording artist okay nice
nice you got an album where can we find
it online
well I was gonna go to CD Baby but I
hadn't gone to yet I'm still shopping
around okay let's give in MySpace or um
nah I've got my email address right now
I'm in the streets with it I pop the
trunk slang the CD no you'll have a copy
of it so people that know you can get in
touch with me okay right now I'm I'm
walking by faith and not by sight I
refuse to go by would it look like
nice yeah God then brought me full
circle and now I realized without him I
can't do nothing so I put him in every
time so you have a CD with you right now
mr. odd if you do I can put that music
in this video well you can do that make
it happen cab hey I'm the captain
here we go so here's some of the
ministers music right now
Lord it's hard for me to come to you
when I've made such a mess of things but
I know that you are the only one I can
turn to examine my heart Lord and you
will see how sorry I am for the mistakes
I've made
I asked for your forgiveness first along
I also ask that you give you insight
into how I can make the best of this
situation
today remain morning motors I before you
act
what are you guys do all right come on
we're gonna go out to eat
can you let you introduce your sister
sister cousin tard
thank you we made them all by myself
Shwetha friend helped by yourself oh I
didn't I was I was the good no just
maybe tart you missed it
she just put her face down she just put
her face down in the play and picked it
up with her mouth like a dog
oh yeah my dad's oh good good yeah this
is my salad I've eaten like a quarter of
it and I'm stopped
my stomach is shrink like this big
seriously can't even eat anymore I feel
so cold oh there that's a lot better
hey I've been looking for that
