you guys know that the shade hurts
Christmas special is this Sunday yes I
know say thanks Anna Jackson made this
and he also made this ponytail okay
hello hi remember when we used to do
this with our lives about the camera and
vlogging so minami are doing a cooking
competition Hey and we see this and
Twitter we made dishes and I mean um
arresting ingredients ingredient was
noodle and we had to have noodles okay
so they're doing a food challenge like
on TV those food chess or whatever
hey also we're back you guys know that
the straight hurts Christmas special is
this Sunday people have been asking do
you guys want to do a Shaytards
Christmas special you do should we
Emme we're gonna be like Roman Atwood I
think they do butter stuff that we do
dang it right now what we're doing is
food challenge what I'm saying is hi
welcome to the Christmas week Shh our
vlogs where we're not gonna miss any
days I ain't making prompt nope we're
gonna no we're not no no no no we've
talked about it because the Shaytards
Christmas special is coming up and
that's a big that's a that's a big video
I know can you guys believe it I know
your Christmas by the way cuz I've been
with your mom shopping every time she's
with so I know what you guys are all
getting I think you're gonna be really
excited about what you're getting and I
think you are gonna be really excited
about what you're getting you're
probably gonna hate what you're getting
same with you just kidding me okay
Jackson made this and he also made this
ponytail is this for me okay what do I
try first I'm the judge okay I'm gonna
sit out over here hair ABO you vlogs
like in judge properly so the first dish
they're gonna turn any first it's 50% on
presentation and 50% on taste so the
watch is hers
so this one is hers so you go sit down
and rock that was mine here's that one
and then push dad so this is whose this
is
Emmys recipe this is Emmys yes oh so you
make you plates and then these are yours
okay right so Emmy you have to present
to them so yeah tell us what you got
here what's going on Tommy the shadows
during the presentation it's 50%
recitation you I have some noodles with
some salsa food kids but you could get
prepared to be videos I put some butter
I'll tell you what the noodle sing about
playing but it's kind of a mess you know
switch up from flavorful little they're
a little undercooked
they still have a little bit of harmless
sour might experience it's like soft
soft soft soft there I get right to the
little bit that's still hard noodle
right in the beginning
Rock what do you think about it it's
good is there any non often the chips
are delicious
okay is there any nines okay and you
know what
nods any non-pom long charms hmm good
what would you give that from one to ten
well ten iPad I rate this we have to
come up with the same score or come up
with her you can come with your own yeah
yeah do you have talk hold on we need to
the judges need to okay they're gonna
site we have to rate this a one out of
ten ten being the very best dish you've
ever had one being you yet they don't
everyone have this again what would you
rate this out of a one to ten a ten give
it a ten that the best dish you've ever
had high praises from judge Brock I'm
gonna give it a seven seven but this is
delicious
good good okay mate okay Emmys dish is
done
Jackson got me to try yours no huh-uh
trainers okay what is this what it warm
up bro this is a muffin ready to roll
putting what's my frozen these some
raspberries was there any poisonous
material
that's wait did you have a bite of it
M will you have a bite of it first and
then I'll have a bite of it
what does that mean to let the three
girls right okay I'm gonna have a mic
ready that whoa yeah hmmmm that's like
the best dry berry shortcake I ever did
have thank you that's delicious
all right avi you ready for your
presentation
Gavin we blog ABS presentation quarter
please hey doctor all right
yeah dude tonight and action okay Wow
hold on here with the drink the whole
city is freaking you you have just
arrived from the Beatles
it is was posted but I need rules that
were cooked evenly with love with some
mixed with wait did you say cooked
evenly with love
okay I just want to make sure that six
together wait to top it off with such a
lotta sauce and a seller reason and then
for our salad we have um some healthy
lettuce to go with our crouton chips to
go with some dressing mmm
Roxanna and then huh what's in the
dresses now Clint dress into the dress
sees everything
oh thank you should know the dresses
since I got to poppy seed yeah yes it
was yes Cyrus poppy seed and to top it
the entire off we had support mmm
all right Brock what do you have to say
another gen motion all right here's what
I have the same delicious salad it's a
little unprofessional even though the
dress
it's okay a chef should always know all
of their ingredients whether it's a
Caesar or a poppyseed those details
matter when it comes to judging so
that's fine that's just an eighth
deduction a little heavy on the dressing
its fodder it's delicious but after
three or four bites it's like whoa my
face is burning from all the sugar of
the salad dressing but I appreciate the
healthy dosage
I like the this is a garnish I assume
this is a pretty garnish on the noodles
that was nice what once again like Emmys
they're a little undercooked there's
some partisan there but you did say that
they were cooked with love which I can
definitely taste so I'm gonna get you
back up there so I'm gonna give us a 90
this is a nine to me nine out of ten be
content but don't final work chuckling
all right from cook chef live kitchen
Shaytards contest with these two girls I
just found an excuse to eat lunch that's
all I'm here for this is something I
have to do as a dad I've been sent out
here to do an outfit check on Daxton I
don't know what do you think Collette
didn't get them ready in the girls did
thank you guys
but mom wanted an outfit check I know it
what is that okay let's see what you got
some nice cool black shoes those are
nice do you have a coat no I need a coat
it's gonna be cold look at your coat I
don't know I'm gonna go inside and show
her this clip and we'll see if she
approves or not you're a back huh power
of modern technology could be like look
here's video what I think you broke a
outfit check okay you look handsome
outfit check update he's got some of
these like black shoes on with some like
jogger sweats and a cool little plaid
button-up shirt yeah Avia hair's not
totally combed but it doesn't look crazy
I have footage I could show if you want
and he needs a coat and we're almost out
the door hey getting five kids running
out the door it's a chore it's not a
chore the blessing and sometimes
blessings are a lot of work that's I'm
saying hey okay good news stacks I
talked to mom she approved of the outfit
based off of the definition I gave her
and I and she said who got it ready I
said avian she goes oh good that sounds
cute
so I think she proved a via what what
were you out who's who saying hi oh it's
the magician ready to go to this holiday
Christmas party it's actually a surprise
we don't know I don't know what doesn't
know my mom said do not be late show up
at 5:00 p.m. and we're gonna go on a big
family Christmas something or other
we're about to find out and these kids
keep ask me what do i I don't know i
seriously don't grandma's kept to the
secret for me what do you guys think any
guesses I love you ice skating
maybe I'm he's kind of feeling sick I
mean what do you want to do she wants go
to Disneyland mm that would be a pretty
big surprise I'm not gonna happen mom
we're here for the holiday Christmas
party or early I'm so glad you have
cheese and crackers and like oh that
peppermint feeling like Christmas
he just spread it on the bread and you
say brie licious mom that was funny I
said real Isha's like delicious
delicious like the cheese brie licious
mmm that's religious 9 ago today all
right mom give us the announcement what
are we doing is snowing there and in
Laura's going to give a little
introduction about
chuckling when you give a separator wait
No thank you for everything we have and
asking to please bless us in our travels
Henry father did you stay for all our
many blessings and certainly have we're
so grateful that you can come to the HP
to have fun glad we're here to laugh at
my jokes
mom you're not telling us stories have
to follow you what are we doing dad you
know yeah so what are we doing Chuck dad
just tell us what are we doing driving
around we're thinking about it all right
so we are back in the car still have no
idea where we're going what we're doing
maybe what'd you just say we were going
to a certain direction I was like I
really hope we're not caroling gabs like
why would they be carrot our back
because it's winter time you don't do
Cara Lee me it is snowing pretty hard
other all right mom has kept it a secret
still don't know where we're going
outside Merry Christmas
we'll let you know as soon as we get
there we don't know could not be well
she be a good fun even if it is okay so
you guys even if it's not fun after
pretending it's fun yeah
ah have fun you know what I'm already
having fun just deal with you go okay
cut the camera handy
ah dang look at this Yuletide spirit
maybe we're just looking at Christmas
lights that's pretty
okay here's native Anderson there's a
real Santa Claus UPS driver oh yeah
getting work done why don't we dismiss
lights tour I seal in limbo Wow are you
kidding in a limbo gonna get in a limo
go Christmas light local oh my gosh look
at that fun we're gonna be popping
bottles are you guys really popping
bottles in there Christmas
limos hang in the limo doctor will you
have this dude it's cool go anybody
sorry we partying is Christmas party
Escalade was like Disneyland in here
like I say the windows are tinted how
are we supposed to see the Christmas Day
hey Merry Christmas everybody
well Winston he's having a good time
hey Merry Christmas Winston the smiles
karlie Kaylee love you guys
Merry Christmas look at him waving
Cooper you have a good time ah guys
Jackson's awesome case you're wondering
the picture yeah done here blogging oh
look this is where we killed auntie no
party hey what did you do :
yeah they touched me in here did she
touch you
limo crowd brockless II do that I finish
him raid interrogation now Jackson what
are you doing that flashlight
let's see work that thing oh we're
blinded by the light blinded by the
light rock that's cool man
you're like a scientist very powerful
scientists alright here we are the first
house we turn to a station and look the
music goes with the lights look at that
Dax to the music matches the lights cool
it's not Christmassy at all but whatever
okay go home the next house oh it's all
set up to the music that's magic what do
you think is that magical and he's
feeling a little bit sick feeling better
though yep good look the entire roof has
lines of lights on it underneath the
snow that's like totally covered on the
roof Wow whoa flying babies in the limo
whoa
Merry Christmas fly Superman Jackson
that's ready to have another boy again
again one more time one more time I
don't like why can you do this in a
stretch Escalade with lasers but if
we're in a regular yeah there's lasers
anis yeah school buses are Escalade you
don't have to wear seatbelts
Emme your brain looks electric Daxton
you having fun okay check Gavin you have
a good time yeah man thanks mom and dad
right this is fun every time listening
to music I felt the Christmas spirit I
got some butt pinches while I was trying
to crawl up to the front
smoking was that you I what I know
you're here
look what you created all of this can
you believe all this crap you creator
whoa audience look at all this creation
dude update I think we're going to see
Santa
sucker see what is he said um oh well at
the end of basket Jackson what do you
ask for Christmas what do you want
Ninja Turtle Batman what that's it look
for Christmas just Batman okay I guess
we're gonna go see Sam go gonna get out
of this be saved open the door it's a
Christmas oh it's a Christmas wonderland
their status oh can we go here come in
it's beginning to look a lot like how
come I have mom be just like just
rolling out okay we're good
all right unloading all the kids
there's Brailey there's haveá-- here
comes Winston Casey's vlogging it all
what an awesome Christmas Eve me Mom
this was very memorable thank you Merry
Christmas
hey are we going to the magical though
Santa wander ran
I love blue Christmas trees look at that
it smells good in here it smells so good
Santa Claus house always smells cookies
and trees I'm tired
this is so magical cookies I want one
too oh look at this this is so magical
there he is
I know no way where they raising their
hands for I want to see what's going on
Oh Santa's doing a magic trick sleight
of hand by Santa cool your car don't let
me see it
don't tell me what it is I Missy coupe
cool slide in there I'll mix them up you
can find it that's in Roubaix drew
tafseer I bet Santa knows everything
Winton's ready you want to press it who
do you want to tell Santa you want for
Christmas but Ellen
Sam tell me your favorite Ninja Turtle
do you want using me oh he's so cute
wow what a lair Santa has here this is
nice
they say thank you brought coop Oh told
your phone
H is like Brock
yes I got
we really good something our lives
say thanks Anna
you said been a good boy shadow think
she's a good boy she look at that I like
what are you talking about Santa I'm a
girl Dish duty shovel the snow duty for
July of Christmas
great how about 20 bucks hunt you be
easy
thanks Anna
Wow well what'd you think what's that
weird when he says you mean a good
little boy I cracked up cuz your face
was like wow yeah why'd you ask for a
new phone case did you have one chance
with Santa and you asked for a new phone
case you shoulda said throwing knives
thinks I know makes throwing knives
