oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh that
boot off pro-kit it up okay take the
picture I'm ready all right well we just
got done shooting a video and we bought
these gloves for it and now we're just
having fun with gloves let me see your
website oh did you pop it let me see if
I can do the thing where you put it over
your head over your head oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh my gosh
spykor yeah it made my eyes water and
the no smash can you tell did you go for
me thank you guys okay we actually need
to use those rubber gloves to clean the
garage out that's what we're using
important and for blues okay so this is
what dachshund does it gives you a face
to make yeah and then you take the
picture of you okay what they should I
make next that like this like this okay
take the picture I'm ready hey I love it
it goes ok family council seriously this
is intense guys we have a lot of options
which I had to figure out what to do on
a Friday night that's fun Friday we're
either going to go to a roller skating
place or build a snow fort so we're
trying to like video injustice raise
your hand if you want to snow for one
one is there's grounds no and it's one
two
three three taxing rays an Jackson yeah
4x4 no forgot more they try to find a
roller ski
brueski one two up you lose when you
choose I mean we've already build a snow
fort yeah it'll be like a big room that
we can come in under for tomorrow we
have to do something that's not so what
if we let these guys decide what do you
guys think we should do should we go
rollerskating or should we build a snow
fort that connects to our house where we
can open up a secret portal and then
crawl down to the stairs in our cool
Glacial igloo that we work together as a
family to build Colette Butler do we get
that on the audio those a major Belcher
ROM oh hey we got a it belching OH
glad it's Friday night I guess mom's had
to 40 ounces mom did Edward forty hands
before she came to play it and I anyways
here's what I think we should do we have
this giant wall of snow outside of our
door I feel like we should dig a tunnel
we'll have to start outside don't mess
it up we're gonna go outside on a dig
from the back and we're going to come
this way so that we can come in and out
of our house through a snow tunnel and I
think in the middle will be a giant snow
cave room that we can hang out in Wow
I vote for that you guys wanna do that
too bad you're doing it we don't want to
drive mom and dad get sick of driving
just because you guys want us to
chauffeur you around all over the city
to do whatever your whimsical little
minds can conceive of we just sometimes
want to relax at home sometimes you guys
are taxi and services is exhausting
listen I cannot wait for the day when
you guys can drive trust me I'll let you
drive right now
those stupid laws didn't
it's Friday night get your snow clothes
on we're gonna dig a snow fort
but what okay maybe they don't know what
pumped up kicks' are all right wait I'll
pull this car over right now anyways hey
what's up hi my name is Shay Carl Butler
this is my wife Colette and two of my
five favorite kids what a tool this is
actually a very monumentous moment today
this marks the very first time that like
we're doing an older kid with mom and
dad type thing where we're all gonna go
skiing together yeah so I think we're
gonna be able it's gonna be like a
little crew everybody kind of knows you
know it's like we're not having to be
like carrying somebody or babysitting
somebody we're gonna all be able to just
like ski together so ever you guys will
be babysitting me a little bit baby so
yeah my first time skiing this year so
this year come well pilot I feel like a
via and mom are like really similar a
skill level yeah and I'm gonna see we
have a ski off between have√°-- and mom
then we have the snow pretty sure I know
this will show yeah you guys want to
come skiing with us let's go skiing
flash snowboarding I always give Gavin
crap about snowboarding but snowboarding
is actually a blast
I've done it a lot of times I just like
skiing so much it's hard for me to
switch over every time I do snowboard I
wish I had my skis all right waiting for
the girls to rent their skis but I
remember as a kid this was a badge of
honor anybody huh remember showed up to
school like whoever had the most ski
tickets was the coolest that was
definitely something that went on when I
was
it was like you could accumulate more
ski tags on your coat you were bad at
you don't saying all right we got all
our gear everybody ready for this hey I
got a question
are you radical rascals ready to do some
rip roarin ridin really steal it Hey
look who's looking cool I love you I
don't know we got to get over to where
the gravity will take over we're almost
there very first run I think this is a
vias second or third time skiing fourth
maybe it does this is her fourth time
this is Colette second third maybe third
time skiing good PETA sauce crisscross
french fries what is it called we do
applesauce French pizza crisscross
applesauce no pizza french fry wedge Oh
slow down maybe yeah okay
well uh she was going straight and did
know how to turn I just ran just like it
run I skied quickly grabbed her by the
back of the coat I just pulled her down
basically she was she didn't know how to
stop and she was leaving up speed
anyways I told her turn girlfriend do
good there you go there you go just keep
turning back and forth back and forth
across the mountain use those turns to
check your speed good job you're killing
it
is that Gavin Butler right there yo
there's Gavin shred nice alright where's
mom got a fine mama
she made it down okay what's up a Navy
on that time here she comes
header cruising slow down this is the
slow zone ma'am cheese got to be careful
you're not careful you might ride up in
one of these bull put your face up well
there it is I see it now where's your
pretty face hey what'd you do with your
face woman or that face go a lot places
you used to have this really cool face I
used to kiss weren't you doing hey you
guys want to do some jumps this time
look at him how cute do that jump
okay cool dude I'll film it by that I
mean digitally record the memory and
then upload it to the Internet yay you
know after we've been married for 13
years and dated for a year and a half
before that you would think that we
would have done one of my all-time very
favorite passions before this but this
is only our fourth time skiing right I'm
number four
wotcher he's a pro got it
she's killing it let's see how these two
getting off the lift there they are
Gavin a knave you nailed it we slowed it
down
you guys look intimidated you have to
let you have to look more confident
all right let's race let's ride let's
rip and roll let's go let's see it
let's do some cool tricks and stuff
there they go
dude this is my all-time family dream
like I don't want to ski with the whole
thing lots of turns ladies practice your
turns get as many turns in as you can
look at that bum that's a cute bow this
is the cutest thing in the world oh let
it roll it is my run number two she's
already got her turns down there you go
John babe you're doing it your skin you
got to do it a lot more now all right
I'm gonna go over into the chunk apart
with a Gavin and do a rail slide guys
what do
Oh most made me eat it I almost ended on
that box stop my skis yeah I would say
that that's worth spending just a few
moments again or a poem you know if I
would you know be daring enough to ask
you to just look at it I might as well
check it out over there I think that you
know equally as valuable to peer at for
a moment in our fan I mean I trees even
doing there che nice you're so you're so
smooth babe that tricky diddle you're on
the chairlift I wish I had the camera
Thesz yeah that was sweet your son goes
oh you did yes Pete I did a trick when
they're on the chairlift underneath them
and Gavin said I was a boss nice job
hello nice ride bro dude I think I found
another toy ski mountains have all the
cool toys this thing you can get through
just about anything oh there's another
cool two way coming back well that's a
wrap we're taking the skis back they got
some rental skis and then we're gonna
cruise on out of here we had a great day
it was absolutely beautiful today a
great opportunity to come out and to see
nature into the great expanses the
outdoors smell some fresher see some
clouds he listened in beuliss it was
very fantastic we had a real good time
controlling our speed down the gravity
oh what a good brother helping his
sister with his boots
these boots are cocky Gavin thanks for
helping the ladies I know they're
rookies but they need a brother's help
sometimes a v8 Jeff fun it's cool huh
that boot off pro come on get it off
get the boot off which as you did hear
me say I love being able to ride my skis
right up to where I'm gonna have to put
them which is in right in the back of my
great truck Israel well you guys have
fun huh is like the Shred crap my buddy
oh there's so everywhere rolling of
testing sound you guys fell in the snow
you weren't sure if you were still okay
but I think you're okay the corner of us
all right
good heavens I think you guys are okay
though we definitely need another camera
because our last camera I don't know we
got lost or not sanded or something
anyways I love you Bay that one being
again next time after a long hard day on
the slopes nothing better than
watermelon and pizza that's what I
always say gavage have fun snowboarding
today that's fun huh getting better
getting better cave
Flav magette cave house the ski day do
you have a good time your legs yeah you
fell asleep on the way home she was out
Amy was gonna go but she wanted to stay
and hang out with the babysitter would
you guys have fun today were the boys
good
did you help with the boys
candy you guys did that's fun
hey everybody was saying in the comments
of how good of a singer you were in our
video we're singing that song Meghan
Trainor Gavin
everybody out saying you're great singer
AV a great singer we should do like an
actual cover we're watching Sandra
Bullock movies and eatin pizza and
eating watermelon you're a regular but
you try to be something
I can be
and the shade
