baby tried but every something boy baby
we're not shopping for baby dirt we're
shopping for things this will be the
first Thanksgiving that I've actually
cooked the dinner because I usually go
to families you know and why I'm opposed
to it or or Shea's mom has to do it and
this time so we're gonna try it turkey
I'm a huge turkey and we just bought a
cheap foil parents because my other pans
at Idaho and we got olives for the
vegetable tray and oh wait that's not
for Thanksgiving
maybe hard those get in there if you
fall asleep in the cart
but do we buy deck crackers we brought
those from home we didn't we got lots of
Thanksgiving stuff including driving
away oh maybe she did
I think she may have who okay so we got
all the things skimming stuff I think we
have all of it then I managed to get
away without spending too much money
yay and okay so we're gonna cook
Thanksgiving dinner on Thursday I've
never done it before so I will let you
know well Shane will let you know how it
turns out because that will be his first
day of eating yummy I mean good fan of
eating not wrong gone wrong so I open
the back of the car to put the groceries
in and we found a giant Home Depot box
which contains items that may be
important to a certain Philip DeFranco
and I think he may have forgot it when
they got on the plane I don't know but I
hope that they don't need it because
it's in the back of our car yeah meepo
you do what are you doing you can't ride
back there or even right back there okay
bye see you later I guess I'll just
buckle up the groceries in your seat
bye bye see you later bye
oh I can't do it your dude she's fine
with it okay see you later alligators
after a while crocodile by Malachi I
don't really want to leave I have to
leave Malachi did boy daddy see a
centaur oh boy daddy all right take it
easy
hmm that was awesome
oh I'm so excited to see more of you
throwing that bear up in the air oh it
is don't throw that it's the school's
bear what does he have it for you guys
are really irresponsible parents - what
new child throw that bear around like
that it's not even his I mean I could
get some disease in this alleyway and
you never know one day it could go home
with another kid and that would really
make some parents angry it's okay it's
okay
oh don't drop it or you're fired fired
from the bear okay bye I love you guys
nope I don't I love you anyway so see
you later my family little do they know
I'll never see them again bye cuz they
waving in the background that's right
moving to Manitoba pause I don't know
where that is I just made it up okay
I'm headed to the office for realsies
smg's Jonah wolf with glasses on the
whiteboard that's a pretty good artistic
ability there's the diamond factory look
there's my autograph shaycarl I'm
selling that on eBay you guys take your
bids now castles on the sign is that a G
looks like an S that's how I roll my
dues so your role with the G and this is
our chalkboard this is really cool paint
it's chalkboard paint you just paint it
on the wall and then you can use a
chalkboard and this is dry erase paint
kind of see the difference and this is
our black paint so just here in the
office literally just watching casting
draws picture talking about the good old
times he's a perfectionist he just I
know I was good
that's the one thing I noticed about
artists is they always like I watch
somebody draw and they're like erase it
I'm like what are you doing that was
great
a lot has to do with the drugs
constantly changes to them it's flows
and moves you guys should check out
David's daily blog yes your shoes he's
doing a daily vlog oh you know what
don't listen him cuz you know what
happened last I'll let you know okay I
appreciate y'all telling people about me
but what happens is your friends come
over my page and they see my videos
David's videos you guys be nice the
system sucks
but he's doing a daily vlog and he
doesn't beat up any women in that so you
can you can check that one off
don't flag his videos Catherine's redraw
on the nose it's great dude can I reveal
this finish product
the Kassem G show with the wolf face and
then of course we got the diamond
factory
so our to stand by your surprise which
is so proud it's your boy it's your
buddy we're sitting around here I'm
excited about this big thing we got
coming up this weekend
it's your big plans it's just Lance and
then my love of building go to Vegas but
I have no idea what we're doing I have
this sweet idea the only problem is it's
gonna kind of be hard to pull off
because we need a lot of people and it
might cost some money that we don't
really have what it's gonna work I will
make it work I've grown this beard out
I've made a video every day for 270 days
I can make it work okay oh okay I'm
gonna make us I make the phone shut up
who you callin you mean like for
annotations I do it's just like in
parenthesis it's all yeah it's long you
don't see it yeah anyways who are you
calling Qasim purely cousins called so
he's gonna make this go down so anyways
we're all going to Vegas it's gonna be
fun if this big plan I have you're not
calling anybody shut up we're going you
know I told you I can't tell you I can't
I can't reveal it yet because I'm afraid
if I give too much information
it'll get shut down it's something that
we could get in trouble we could get
arrested
daddy's been to prison we could get
arrested for this but I don't want to
give out too many details Qasim doesn't
think it'll happen
apparently he's calling somebody right
now
at work but we're all gonna go to Vegas
it's gonna be fun and I got this idea
because I was watching these things on
YouTube you you've probably heard of it
I'm not gonna tell you what it is but
it's gonna be a blast and will tell you
you'll see more and more as it goes on
anyways ok swings back would you call
what did you do
let's just say what's this person gonna
do you gotta tell me no will they give
us money we'll see we'll see if customs
guys my idea
if you guys don't follow me on
dailybooth you should check it out I'll
put a link in the sidebar I just upload
a lot of random pictures and I just
found this picture off of one of my
friends Facebook pages
guess who that is yeah okay come here
son Terry come here do you remember this
come look at this picture who's that
who's that where where's you what are
you doing so high up in the air I threw
up in the air did you want to do that
you wanted to do that why would you want
to go that high up in the air was it fun
yes what if I dropped you UN what do you
care about your fashion you're wearing a
shirt and some jeans and some shoes that
wasn't your little boy well you're still
a little boy that's when you were baby
turns age it's hard to see there's a
shadow yeah they can't see your face but
that's definitely you remember that
House member we lived at the house
that's our house in Idaho remember
that's the house that we brought you
when you were born do you remember it
will drive biking someday and I'll throw
you up but you're you're a big guy now
look at these shoulders you're a
linebacker now huh give me an even play
football you know you know throw your
son up the I in there
why not because what a book what do pro
ball players do people they tackle
people so you're gonna tackle your son
are you gonna have kids when you grow up
you are how many kids do you wanna have
ten kids so you're gonna get married to
a wife and have attend kids who are you
gonna marry no you haven't found a wife
yet what I need fine a wave to make up
you need to make up a wife or are you
gonna make out with your wife but you're
gonna mommy and daddy kiss with your
wife hey we're a bad man talk over here
be quiet hey give me five dude I love
you anyways if you read the caption on
the picture honey how long were we
married me bought that house six months
was like right soon we were renting this
place and the the apartment we were
renting was like three hundred fifty
bucks a month and somebody was like you
guys should buy a house this house cost
us seventy four thousand and the house
payment the mortgage payment on it was
six hundred and fifty bucks it was a
duplex with a 625 there was a duplex
two-bedroom one-bathroom up and
one-bedroom one-bathroom down we rented
the basement apartment for 400 bucks and
the whole mortgage payment was 650 so he
bought our first house and literally
paid $250 a month to live in it it was
awesome
shoot and then oh you want to parachute
next time yes cool anyways we stole we
sold that same house for years later and
made $40,000 on it we sold it for
$40,000 more than we bought it for would
we do with that $40,000 honey we put a
little bit of it on the down payment of
our next house 20 thousand of it I
started a granite business I had a
granite business where I would remodel
kitchens I would put in granite
countertops
I bought a trailer I bought a truck I
bought a bunch of tools I didn't use any
credit I was determined to start my
business having owing nobody any money
so I spent 20 grand of that money to
start my granite business and then I
started YouTube and the other 20 we
bought a lot we bought a piece of land
that we're as an investment and it
didn't pan out and we ended up having to
give the land back we basically lost the
20,000 so there's 40,000 down the drain
life experience I'll never do that again
that 40 grand is worth more than
everything because of what I learned
from it and it was great it was great
experience to start my own business and
I wouldn't change anything I was so glad
that I spent twenty thousand dollars to
get onto YouTube in a sense I mean that
doesn't really make sense but I was it
wasn't a hard decision once like YouTube
started to take over and being a radio
DJ and it's a long story I think I've
told you guys about it anyway is just
reminiscing a little here just having a
little reminiscent section reminiscing
section maybe turns to look into the
picture that's gonna be you baby
tournament or you up hot twice as high
as that spaghetti face once you go clean
your face up anyways love you guys daddy
what's heaven light LeBaron let me show
ya I got these nice balloons
everything's okay now I love you daddy
