hi in here hey Lisa are you excited for
this weekend
don't tell what it is it's a secret yeah
yeah we're not well not well no I will
I'm gonna I'll tell you guys but we
can't we can't give the details exactly
I don't know just keep your big fat
mouth shut and look pretty that's your
job okay yeah I mean it's gonna be kind
of I'll tell you this much we're going
to Vegas we're going to Vegas this week
even what caps about to teach how to
pronounce that you should get an iPhone
there sleep well you maybe should buy
one Saturday we're going we're gonna
it's gonna happen on Saturday you got
it's a secret see you guys will see
we're doing this we got this big idea
we're like Thanksgiving these are all
the way from her family's basically
Cassie's family lives in yeah I want to
say where they really Wow we live in
Hawaii their address 67 Main Street
there's a bunch of islands trying to
find the right ratify the castle spirit
so anyways we're all kind of away from
our families yeah what are you guys
where you guys meet Thanksgiving dinner
are you gonna come down my sister-in-law
and brother and boyfriend
there they're having big things oh you
know what you were doing yeah sure
yeah mommy Tyra wants to cook yes but I
like a 30-page really anyways sorry this
is getting all messed up so we're all
going to Vegas where I'm going to Vegas
keep your mouth shut these rockland to
Vegas this weekend and it's gonna be
it's gonna be cool I can't tell you
exactly what we'll see as the day goes
and we got this sweet plan we're gonna
get a bunch of people to being on it and
you guys will see as because you're
gonna be with me every day it's gonna be
awesome I'm pumped
you punk Justin oh that's a black Mack
that's nice you know they say once you
go black you never go back I don't think
that's what they say what are you doing
cousin you're that out of shape you're
out of it yeah anyway stay tuned guys
it's gonna be awesome
hey guys what's up today as a bad vlog
day
it's 1007 at night and I've only
recorded like two minutes of footage I'm
sorry I just there's a lot of stuff is
working on today the kids are in bed
already
mommy turns getting ready to go to bed
look into that makes me giggle
it makes me flake makes me giggle with
silliness hi it's 5:19 in the morning
and I am headed over to Phil Edie's
house to take them to the airport a an
arrow at a via era and at a port a via
LAX
Phil and Lindsey are going to Phil's
dad's house to Thanksgiving and you
might say shape you are such a good
friend
so go pick him up at 5:20 in the morning
take them to the airport you might be
right but I'll say no I'm just an
insomniac
I haven't been asleep yet that's right
I'm still up so I was like why don't I
just come pitch you guys that fit you
guys up did you I'll beat you up at your
tent and then I'll pick you guys up and
we'll go to the airport anyways I have
the worst sleeping schedule in history
it's literally it's get like it gets
later and later every night I think I'm
gonna just completely switch I will
sleep in the day and I will be awake at
night horrible it's like it's like
tomorrow but I'm gonna keep this footage
in this today's vlog because I've been
asleep yet that's the rule even if it's
the next day technically if I haven't
been to sleep yet it's not the next day
because it's still the same day because
I'm still awake from that first day when
I first filmed the vlog footage from
that day anyways plus I don't have
enough footage works the day anyways so
I had it over an amp yeah
dear okay bye I love that phil has one
of these buttons that you push I know
they're probably probably pretty common
but it always makes me feel like
Seinfeld when I push the button and he
has like has to ring me up remember
inside so there I was like come on up
anyways about to push the button here I
go
peekaboo
to Gerald he said come on up just like
Seinfeld did who's ready to fly across
America Happy Thanksgiving
oh yeah that's princess tarts what are
you trying to do steal my daughter's
artwork Phil jerk see ya hi hi how are
you sorry I've been excavating I'm crazy
crazy man at the airport this is a good
song such a good song you guys heard
that song it's why Trace Adkins
it's called y'all gonna miss this
that was some horribly it talks about
how we're always like or makara we're
always like I just can't wait to get out
of high school and get into college and
then you get in college you're like well
I just can't wait to get out of college
and finally find the woman I love and
get married then everything will be okay
I can't wait to have kids I can't wait
till the kids move out it's like we're
always like looking forward it's it's
kind of a cliche because it's talked
about a lot but you got to enjoy the
moment that's why they call it the
present cliche but it's so true so true
just look around what you got in your
life right now and enjoy it
I've getting delirious it is 6:20 and
morning the Sun is coming up and I think
it's time for me to go to bed so I will
see you lovely people tomorrow where we
will once again engage in this
conversation we call life and I will
share with you the joys of my life and
my family with everybody in the universe
good night
