hi I'm logging here Oh crazy baby card
what are we doing what are we doing baby
tard we're going to a birthday party all
right let's go pretty cool hey what's up
it is Saturday and one of sun tardes
classmates is having a birthday party so
we are going to the birthday party and
they are so excited sometimes been
talking about it for a week
mommy tarde made the mistake of telling
them about it when you do that they ask
every single second mom is the birthday
party today the birthday party today no
it's not for another week so we have a
new rule where we don't tell them things
that are exciting and to like the day
before if not hours before that way they
don't pester us the whole time and I got
me and baby tarde had to find a parking
spot there was no parking spots so we
had to drive around till he found one
they're already inside the party so this
is a pretty cool apartment complex check
this out up here it's like a watchtower
that's really cool not like the
Jehovah's Witnesses just like that tower
that you watch maybe see the strings do
you see the little strings right here
it's all over this it's like a web like
a giant web but it's string I can't
figure out what it's for what do you
guys think that strings for it's like
keep birds from going down in the water
anyways it's like this whole area is
just covered with this string right here
can't figure it out I want to know what
do you think it is maybe some of you
guys know maybe some of you are
apartment managers and you had to put
string I don't know what it's for don't
get it get me a suit all over this cask
you a question what's all this string
right there for those trees are for
pelicans Oh your birthday kit they can
eat the middle features oh the pelicans
coming up okay I was wondering before
the day they came in and eating they did
all the little one I see that way good
not awesome thank you I was just
wondering us curious
so who guessed who gets pelicans Hey
what the Christmas tree guys get out
this looks pretty cool
okay you guys want to see something cool
one thing that we do in our family to
get each other's attention like in a
public place instead of yelling out each
other's names we'll do this thing where
we go
watch I'll do this and son card will
turn his head and look up here watch
this fireplace that fireplace is
gigantic
jealous I got a pool and everything this
makes me want to move into an apartment
complex they got a nice workout room in
there
and this giant pool right here well you
think baby tard should we move in here
building I'd missus having a backyard
just like a yard so the kids go out and
play it but this is sweet I got free
grapes at the party anyways this is a
rocking party I'm more than just getting
drunk on these grapes like a movie for
the after you were like um what's the
movie with Tom Cruise The Last Samurai
this bridge reminds me of the Last
Samurai when they're running across and
the guy has to shoot the people and he
has the bow and arrow and he's shooting
them and they're and Tom Cruise so you
see the fishies
but it's another fish in a pond
it's a big bird boat boat boat boat look
at all the sailboats already fun you
having fun five
I wish I could crawl through a tube
showing I'm too big thanks thanks for
reminding me every time he comes out
okay so remember the watchtower I'm on
top of it good
Oh work I ran up the whole way my legs
are killing me here's the swimming pool
all the way down there there's the
marina and then we go out here to the
ocean the Pacific Ocean there are yes
ladies and gentlemen the Pacific Ocean
with art of its glory stuff oh yeah but
there's fish in there dude there's LA
that's Malibu over there and that's Los
Angeles and that's a star I bet you
that's really cool for Christmas but
everybody can see that star up there
anyways this is probably about a 150 200
feet tall or so I don't know I just make
numbers up and hope they're right why am
i showing you this I don't know
there's the pier here's the thing here's
this here's at that here's my beard okay
sorry bye so are you afraid of heights
would it scare you to come up here just
come on the top of the tower whoo
you know what's the crazy thing I can
feel it shaking watch we get in trouble
see if you can see it shake ready this
whole thing crumble that would not be
good for me
sword see that the sword turn around let
me see that side Wow Wow
why does he always want tools of death
those wants guns and swords
I guess he's a boy he's always like
owning a gun or a sword or a bomb or a
nunchuck no for anti warcraft missile
let me see that by the power of
Grayskull graceful what's he mad or Joe
if he managed
oh I did it was baby turn on my back
holy crap how's it good huh
Sun setting
okay guys I make videos on the internet
with this little camera right here this
guy's gonna give me a nice haircut
because I've been looking shaggy and
ugly should have him shave the beard
guys No yeah see this guy knows
there's going there's going now
no we're doing he styled it that way you
wanted me to look like Andy Christmas
okay I got my hair cut what do you guys
think I don't like it I wanted to take
like took twice as we no no I was
guess how much the haircut cost look
fill me fill my hair look at it does it
look shorter
yeah it's definitely shorter it's not
money it's not moldy but I wanted it a
lot shorter than this and you may say
Touche why don't you tell him that you
know so I just filled
sensitive guess how much the haircut
cost guess how much this haircut cost
yeah guess in the comments below
40 bucks 40 bucks for this I hope me
that's number one I hope he doesn't
watch this video he's a very nice man
that's just the most I've ever paid for
a haircut in my entire life I could get
3 haircuts for that price am i
complaining yeah I'm glad to help
I'm glad to help him out anyways now
we're gonna go to another place so I can
get my hair cut shorter and now we're
gonna go to another place so I can get
my hair cut
no tenon to know that put a bigger
damper on your night just hate that you
guys ever do that where you go and like
you don't ask what something costs
before and they go to ring you up and
you're like whoa Wow look how much he
just goes okay it's $40 and I was like I
just said okay and normally I'll say
something a normal l ask before that's
my fault I was saying at 25 bucks I've
got a haircut for eight bucks once
something in its la 25 25 bucks 30 max
with a tip when he says 40 bucks I was
like I just feel like we had like got
this friendship you know we're talking
and he's this nice little guy telling me
stories about the old days and it was
like no bad saying no I'm paying that 40
bucks you crazy
so anyways here's my new haircut you
guys think you like it like the haircut
I wanted it like twice this short but
whatever it's cut 9 the whole foods
getting some folks of starving hey guys
be sure to follow me on Twitter links in
the sidebar boom
