hi good morning beautiful how's your day
what's up guys headed to do a shoot all
day for the station I think we're doing
two different videos today I don't I've
been kind of behind I'm words words
coming out of my mouth who cares what
they mean I'm wearing the unitard so
that's interesting and then I have a
bunch of white clothing for another
video so I'm gonna I'm gonna be busy I
hate days that I shoot videos for the
station like I never get that much
footage because footage doubt you know I
feel like I've been filming all day and
then whatever I'm just can you tell her
like a little stressed a little late
it's supposed to be there at 11:30
that's 1141 and I didn't really know her
wise now I'm driving I'm trying to talk
to you guys and I just really feel like
I can't give you guys my all right now
I'm sorry for that anyways here we go
we're gonna go shoot some stuff for the
station that you guys probably hate and
thinks horrible you'll unsubscribe and
all that stuff anyways I still love you
getting wreck here we go oh oh now he's
running away there's a coyote I scared
him away oh he thinks I'm a wolf that's
why you got scared
whoa look at that giant wolf in red
tights I better get the hell out of here
it was just your turkey legs my rat I
think that's really what set him to run
away
there's the coyote I must feel close I
can walk to him don't be shy he's coming
towards me
don't be shy mr. coyote oh he wants to
get some food out of that garbage oh
he's really come here I'm a can I can I
go this way little guy don't be scared
don't be scared come here come here or
up here I think it's is called Griffith
Park it's right by the Los Angeles Zoo
and this is like the most in the
mountains I've been since being here in
Los Angeles it's a different kind of
forest that I'm used to but uh feels
good
those good seeing some real wildlife
anyways I can't chase down a coyote I'm
too to portly
turn around let's see let's see er -
shake that tail feather I like I like
the dark meat sigh or a leg I think I
would be the most delicious turkey ever
coyote coyote ugly
there you go where's the food
act like I'm throwing him something here
go here look I have a cheeseburger catch
he's been eating out of this garbage can
he keeps he keeps hanging around here
and he gets food out of the garbage can
okay I'm gonna write up to this coyote
and see if he wants to eat it great
let's see if I'll do it here yes
oh no no no no total project you go boy
you go
oh yeah
it's okay it's okay eat eat the grape oh
you're pretty it's your eyes listen
listen mr. bearded man you take your
family van and get out of here
I want these great as soon as you move
your fat butt I can eat them oh you're
going why is why is the coyote Mexican
all of a sudden okay I'm gonna move you
go eat him go eat him he wants me to
leave come on
it's pretty cool wild coyote eating my
grapes I don't think he wanted him and
he wanted something more meaty he just
didn't pay Dustin realize I'm on a raw
food diet raw food vegetable fruit and
vegetable talking words ha ha
can I turn right here i'ma turn right
here thank you
Oh people are so generous in Los Angeles
a lady was nice just let me turn right
in front of her anyways
got done with the first part of the
shoot headed to the next part we just
did the in the woods she got a great
workout when do these running sequences
we're running through the forest
sweating my butt up first time I've ran
like seriously ran how long it's been
ridiculously cobbled how long it's been
it's probably been like three months
since I last ran
anyway it's got a very good workout got
my heart beating and I'm sweating a lot
but a now we're headed to the set and
second part of the shoe gobble and it's
gonna be it's gonna be good it's gonna
be watch sport during Thanksgiving
minivan I'm gonna drive up next to this
girl right here I try to flirt with her
here we go hey baby what's up she
totally loves me yeah chicks dig turkey
outfits
Happy Thanksgiving hi Go Go I love
parking my minivan
next to a Bentley that's sweet
oh no where is it oh there we go thank
you
another Chrysler it's not a Bentley it's
a Chrysler every Thanksgiving guys
gobble gobble
I should have kept my camera on I'm the
worst vlogger ever you guys seriously
this guy just walks why he goes that's
not a Bentley and I look closer I'm like
oh it's a Christ what I look like an
idiot cuz I didn't know that was a
Chrysler instead of a Bentley plus my
beard wasn't even comb today so I looked
like an idiot in two different ways yeah
I'm just stand on this corner hi Happy
Thanksgiving
gobble gobble he adorable
Oh
