oh just baby tart hoho Oh scary
nice nice robe it goes bloop
down up oh that's good
hey guys here's a little rest stop my
back right I think I've come at least to
0.5 miles which means probably go a
total of five once I go back you have to
double it but I don't know I want to get
a pedometer or uh whatever it is I
I'm vlogging I'm vlogging it riding my
bike it's a beautiful day on the PCH
right here it's a Pacific Coast Highway
all these people are driving on up here
is Malibu and that's the ocean and
that's the guy with this shirt off who
looks better with a shirt off than I do
hey stud muffin yeah what you doing
later yeah I was creepy hi how's the old
lady
anyways let's run into my tunes right in
the bike feeling great let's do this
okay I'm not sure what was going on here
I just saw a lot of people stand around
and these people were filming a couple
looks like they just got married but I
don't know if those first show or what
so as the good vlogger I am I pulled
over to record it I have no idea who
they are what they're doing anyways
let's get the blog now okay and the
prints and the prints I tagged baby
turns head on the corner of the
microwave rub it does it hurt I've been
dreaming up true love's first he's had
the prince who will come with me okay
you see over time
- love's kiss and the prince eloping
comes and the Prince I'm hoping comes
with it okay what I'm ready Romina or
time from the top ready I been dreaming
not true the shot of my I can't sing it
hey true love I've been dreaming of true
love's first kiss I'm gonna practice it
I'll get back to you guys
maybe the Jews there
Susan face-to-face Myra someone they
returned sir
my graph movie answer seriously reserves
of juices make me
push
okay what did son cart just say why do
you want blue eyes
well maybe we go to the store tonight
we'll pick yourself up mama tie it what
color eyes did you have baby tard let's
see your eyes open your eyes no you're
closing up to bring us we're gonna buy a
large amount of fresh tabali I like to
call them budgeted abolish some tard
some tired I think is wants to be a
gamer mommy do you want some tired to be
a gamer no why not because cuz why you
think it's waste of time
we already weights enough time watching
cartoons inside mommy is not a fan when
I was gonna buy an xbox she said you can
play xbox or you can get on the computer
and I couldn't necessarily give up with
computers so I had to choose one it's
some crap something like she wants to
spend time together as a family not
sitting in front of the TV hours upon
hours of playing video games where you
murder people with knives and guns I
know she's so unreasonable sometimes you
are fruit snacks we're actually getting
fruit that comes from trees not from
factories
like fruit snacks all right I'll let you
get some fruit snacks baby tart that's
not a food snack remove it from my mouth
you're gonna be freezin mm-hmm
you see your breath are you cold
I love it here it's my favorite area of
Costco reminds me of home
like 3000mah meat are you cold
catch this corn good baby tired so cute
you shiver
yeah - what you're the Costco's in the
sons you know the song ever
I've been dreaming a true love's first
kiss
using it but start using it I've been
dreaming about yeah you want a princess
though that's what you want a hot
princess brunette or blonde what do you
think I went with a brunette you want to
go with the blonde all right get some
apples some pears some cranberries some
strawberries some cantaloupe some grapes
some tomatoes some blueberries some
Kiwis some broccoli some what are these
blackberries job I don't even know that
you like us and you love them nice mixed
greens too dried mangoes these are
delicious much better and some fruit
snacks
that's for the kids but you guys we need
a lot of this fruit and vegetable nest -
they're good huh now you're in one of my
movies
all right I'll watch it he just said
look familiar you've been in a movie and
I'm like duh you ever ever seen Top Gun
you ever heard of maverick I've let
myself go a little bit what are you
talking about
what would you find Oh see that oh there
you go
what'd you say let's give her some fruit
snacks she gets at least three bags they
call picking up heavy I got mine many
hands make right hands make light work I
think I'll just sit here on my bed hey
guys keep talking that's my voice
Mallory I was the one doing good after
his mom I thought you knew that that's
dad's voice no you're talking about
let's hear whose has a better than
Malakai voice oh so just shut your trap
already oh you're right
pulling in the fruit snacks he ate it oh
my male voice anymore let's go it's more
groceries did you get the cashews good
girl
here comes the grocery train son tard
has the new toothbrushes baby tart has
the broccoli princess tart has the
cantaloupe good helpers daddy tarts got
the
water daddy thar like to drink water
because it makes him pee a lot he likes
to use this urinal coz I've never had a
urinal
whoo sit down indian-style fold your
arms fold your arms crisscross
applesauce are you serious
when did that happen what happened Chris
guava sauce hands in your lap okay so we
can't call it Indian style anymore
because that's racist apparently what
are you somebody who gives somebody
something and then wants it back I'm not
familiar with that term
name it here's know okay I think that's
so funny you can't say Indian style
anymore you have to say crisscross
applesauce hands in your lap okay so for
helping carry in the groceries you guys
each can have one fruit snack before bed
all right and now mommy will reward you
guys with these fruit snacks there you
go hey let's just let's let them eat as
many as possible and see who throws up
first are you kidding why do I have all
the good ideas and nobody else thinks of
these things so can throw up first I'm
eating fruit snacks
