doopy doopy doopy do another beautiful
day on the boardwalk I'm just walking
with my body shade we're having such a
good time I hope upon some hot chicks on
the boardwalk alrighty
this is uh this is day one of the
exercise program I've gotten ten days
eating only fruits and vegetables I'm
gonna start really thrown in the
exercising part so we're out here got
baby chard back there Joe's back there
on the bike hi Joe that's what she said
the wind showing my receding hairline
how embarrassing
I'm sorry you have a good time is this
fun say dad I'm having a blast
Joe you having a good time yeah Malakai
on the other hand is about to die he's
huffing and puffing like an old man
I think I need to take him out running
more often guys we're headed back now
there you go
oh boy this really hits the spot about
right now
geez guys that was what a great workout
we just got huh yeah good one how was
great close yep just good must sauce my
obliques right there please thank you oh
that feels really nice just workout that
lactic acid out of my muscles thanks
thanks mama tard they are too so his
oblique serious stomach muscles like by
I don't get kisses okay kisses OH she
wants to give the camera I think she
loves you guys more than me kisses Joe
mwah I'm this girl suit on and it's not
gonna run my legs look tight around my
legs yeah you'll be gonna work hey Tom
the turkey here helping going guys oh
here's we need to do in LA if you're on
a motorcycle here he comes
here he comes get through all the
traffic yeah
shooting the shooting the gap we call it
lane splitting lane splitting hi wife hi
son
hi daughters you guys having a picnic
what game are you playing I do one yeah
riff-raff street rat I don't oh you got
it Joe you want is a good one okay you
doing now Star Wars
what baby'd are you doing now let's see
you doing your turn go look at this
stuff isn't it neat wouldn't you think
my collections complete wouldn't you
think I'm a girl a girl who has
everything look at this trove treasures
untold how many wonders can one cavern
hold
looking around here you think sure she's
got everything i've got gadgets and
gizmos a-plenty i've got whozits and
whatzits galore you want thingamabobs
I've got twenty but who cares nobody
sunt are dried in the mean streets of LA
keep going oh I told son tired when he
goes past people he needs to say excuse
me he's saying yeah
sometimes this way this way he's saying
excuse me to everybody on this sidewalk
whether they're one foot away or ten
feet away son tard say excuse me excuse
me excuse me it's pretty hilarious we're
back on the boardwalk down here on the
ocean because I'm taking Phil's bike
back to him finally I've had this bike
for like a month so I'm taking this bike
back to him and then I i'ma ride my
skateboard back from Phil's house which
is kind of a long ways for me on a
skateboard so it should be interesting
and a good workout at the same time you
come in son tard let's let's go come up
in front of me it's a beautiful day it
is a beautiful day out here fun son tard
dude you're rocking that bike loving it
you get in shape good exercise excuse me
excuse me excuse me so I've been
carrying my skateboard in my hand this
whole time it's starting to kill my hand
and check it out I just set my
skateboard on the bike and it's like a
perfect holster I just it's like hanging
right on that bar on the wheels and down
there it's hanging on the bar and I
don't even have to use my hand see gonna
work smarter not harder
come on catch me go catch me
do we fit the bikes in yeah it's kind of
a tight fit huh me and my friend Charles
had to bring our bikes in here we had
two big bikes though you ever Charles
Trippy he's a stud muffin huh thank you
okay here we go
watch your head good job
you got a skateboard that's my ride home
hello boogie board decided boogie
boardin excited start boogie boarding
again I haven't gotten the surfing thing
down then quite just yet so I figure
I'll practice with this a little bit
more used to the waves
I've been boogie board like a month and
then I'll try the surfing thing again
after I'm better or anything
those people are maybe knows those
people are making out on the boardwalk
yeah he was asking for money
the famous Venice graffiti wall this is
one of my favorite things sometimes I
think that we'll go back to Idaho
another thing I will move back to Idaho
two months from now but I know if we
ever move from here I'll miss this more
than anything just coming down here
listening to some music on the boardwalk
seeing the sunset on the ocean it's
amazing it's one of my favorite things
there is I don't do it often enough it's
always so refreshing in it it's just
like takes all the stress away watching
the sunset on the ocean it never gets
old
I love it you're thirsty alright what
are we playing here everybody up
I can do that easy my belly's on the
pillow and big toe put your chin and
your big toe
let's see you guys do that see do that I
win I made one up you can do yeah
