you see me holding up and down can we're
gonna play a game you ready you ready
for this game I'm gonna try to move fast
and you have to try to find me in the
camera okay so over here you have to
move the camera over here okay and you
have to try to be as fast as me getting
us out of the game works
okay ready if you can't see me in the
camera you're losing you're excited he's
excited to go where are we going the
Museum of fish which is also known as an
aquarium by man baby baby baby baby baby
charts make a bum climb in your seat son
tracker you help her put her seatbelt on
help her put her on you can do it you're
big and buff and brave and bold and
beautiful all right here we go No be
mommy's are you excited yes what kind of
socks are you wearing I show you what
see check it out
rainbows is that so you can blend in
with the rainbow fish of the aquarium
well it's actually because they do do
the laundry or by the way we're calling
it the fish museum it's we're going to
fish Museum it's not an aquarium it's a
fish museum okay
the Sun is setting in sunny California
the Sun is set in sunny California
thanks for listening over here to our 94
points any 7fm
I don't know I messed up I meant to say
94.7 Sonny ffs and I said 94 points
Sonny 7mm which is not really a to
prevent necessarily radio station it
could be if I made it up but I can't
because I won't that is okay we're here
at least wearing them what voice is that
oh that's like the target lady target
lady oh we're at the aquarium hey
princess tired the aquarium has their
own water honey hey Sun tarde can you
shut the back can you jump up and get
the door and shut it how are you gonna
shut it then you got a you got a trick
breach
and a kiddie five he's pretty
ingenuitive ingenuitive yeah he's
excited all right go to sleep princess
start there we go this is the Aquarium
of the Pacific Sun tarde you're part of
the problem you know that do you know
you're part of the problem look at this
graph explaining in 1950 there are only
3 billion people in the year 2050
there's gonna be 9 billion people
this is 1550 the Italian Renaissance
less than a billion people in all over
the world now let's go down the timeline
sun's hard too many people we have to
live here at least two of our kids I
think we want to contribute which to do
you guys think what should we get rid of
which to you touch the Stingray do they
bite okay
touch em those are the stingers user
this stinger oh wow it looked like
toothpicks
the little jagged things in us oh yeah
little steak nice yep they're made of
the same thing as our here you touch one
you touch one
yeah I grow back don't think three dumps
from a touch you live man wasters this
ivory touch them so cool baby-talking
one touch one steam you know they took
the stingers out actually yes these are
did you read the sign you have to touch
them at your own risk
cool
they're slippery
one's enough up here I won't touch you
much look he's nice
here's one that you touch this one that
is the size of a blue whale go stand
under it so we can see how big it is
kissa kissa
what do you guys well that's the biggest
fish tank I've ever seen in my life
holy crap holy that would be fun to go
swimming in it's the biggest fish tank
I've ever seen no look at this giant sea
bass this is that a shark those are
tiger sharks oh look at that dude what
were you thinking you want to jump in
there and swim funny I was just saying
the same thing we think alike give me
five look how big those things are I bet
you that fish weighs more than you do
yeah bitch it does not more than me
though cuz I'm fatter than any fish ever
whose eyeball it's like they know they
like get this done quick snakes in the
water
they look like snakes in the water
that's the most colorful fish in this
entire aquarium I wonder if he's treated
differently look at all these fish all
the other fish are gray and there's one
it's bright orange that's your favorite
one oh there's another orange one there
a couple actually I like there's like
seven seven or eight of them in here
hey get that camera out of my face
paparazzi look at that one that one's
huge
oh wow these are gigantic you know this
makes me think of drawn butter and a
lemon wedge I just see this and I think
of butter and lemon wedges where are the
snacks it looks like an old lobster trap
that they put in there they're just
basically mocking the lobster you have
to live in an aquaria with an old
lobster trap that will always remind you
what could happen if you misbehave as a
lobster it's pretty vicious
that's pretty mean this is one of the
most unique fish there is it's a giant
rockfish if you come down here you'll
see the head poking out this is the neck
of the animal the face and this is a
body it's like a large tortoise that's
cool yes
it reminds me of Winnie the Pooh when he
got stuck in the in the tree or we got
stuck in his a peril of his house trying
to get the honey look its dorsal fins
above the water okay this is a white
spotted bamboo shark son try let's see
you touch it touch it two fingers oh
gosh I'm so scared
do you touch one touch that one the hair
sharks in the way touch that one right
there touching on the back they're nice
they're nice sharks I am gonna touch
this shark no nice shirt
it's weird they feel like sandpaper the
skin kind of feels like sandpaper and
the lady said that back in the old times
they used to use their skin as sandpaper
to sand stuff it's kind of like scaly
yeah okay ready okay here's the button
push the button son tired son tired come
here come on take a picture of you okay
stand right in front of this shark
I want you sitting right here I'm gonna
take a picture of you how would you get
on top no I don't use Senate look Center
right here to put your head on
Patrat on backwards I'm gonna take a
cool picture of you okay wait hold on
you ready you ready one two smile my
turn okay here princess are you filmed
me he got me hey mommy turn come here to
show you something okay this is a big
dryer it's like after you get wet this
you have to stand right next to the
shark mouth initial it shoots air out
and drains your shirt off thought of
everything
put your head down at my house we can
see your hair a short breath what are
these that's a starfish I always thought
those stung you oh like that red one and
I can touch it sticky it's like sticks
to your fingers yeah that's a riddle hi
what's the most commonly asked question
does it hurt that it will it sting me I
just asked that question
oh really do you ever get can I have a
bite of one all right all right
the true story of sharks on Shark Week
here on the Shaytards
hey we're looking at sharks over here
what are you doing come look at the
Sharks and enjoy yourself
oh now they're all doing it see you a
sea shark
whoa
that is awesome
here comes the predator of the ocean did
that ring numb there is a good ring
Frodo Baggins is gonna dive in there and
get it any time
I'll get it right now baby here I go I
made the kids laugh all right let's see
go get it what's under break the glass
it's a Paris Hilton guppy some females
go through drastic changes in color
behavior and sex before long she's a
heat transsexual fish you work it girl
yeah
that's right son time key to the dance
Johnson with your enjoy your time here
all right we're oh so good mommy would
you get the margarita chicken baby tarde
got macaroni and cheese what a daddy
guess this was tough so today we're on
the Cobb broccoli salad with tomatoes
this is a vineyard grant dressing corn
broccoli salad tomatoes it's not what I
wanted off the menu but it's what I want
to make me look like a better person
behold the Queen Mary of the Seas said
to be haunted
ghosts of cruise ship errs past walk the
hallways looking for what for towels
full in the shape of this ghosts and
legends of the Queen Mary was it haunted
no okay was it haunted is there any
ghosts bar metal was she referring to me
as a bison let me pull over
Mandi your mom's on the on the videos I
come say hi to Mandy you want to see all
the you want to see them all there they
are there's baby tard purchase tard it's
only $5 to see him well that was
interesting
we just drove by and I just heard the
lady goes hey it's the tard guy and I'm
like what
and I look out the window and she looks
at me she goes seriously I'm like yeah
what's up she's like good eye everything
anyways she's my daughter watch
are we going the wrong way anyways hi to
you guys it's nice to meet you thank you
for taking a picture with us it was very
fun the kids enjoyed it anyways thank
through option you're famous mommy tard
famous you're the hottest you're the
hottest wife I've ever had
