oh you're so cute okay I'm gonna go
squish it now
okay go squish it now Kevin you have to
do homework while the accent attached oh
I'm so I forgot about I'm sorry I left
you guys in here come on let's do it
Blagh come on morning cam morning kill
busted get ready for school
cool yeah Brock I thought yesterday
shoot up in the air
Shh oh wow oh hi good morning are you
ready for school oh hey um do you
remember last night when I was like hey
Emmy we clean your room real quick hey
remember that part of last night's
conversation we had what happened in the
interim hmm what's going on here yeah
well guess what
you're grounded from school you have to
stay home and clean this room just
kidding get ready you're gonna clean
when you get home you little brat I just
scrounge a demi from school Pistor rooms
not clean okay girls do you wanna be
grounded too will you clean the house
well go to school go to call Gavin go to
school are you doing your homework are
you getting good grades you better
are you having sweet side cuts on your
hairdo I knew I could figure looking
like Macklemore Oh gotta fix the hair as
he gets his education as he makes his
brain bigger reading his books doing his
rithmetic doing his kick flips on his
little skateboard oh boy it's a great
time to be Gavin Butler okay watch Ava
is little trick that she's stolen from
Brock
it's up okay watch I'm gonna show you
how to do this ready one two three
Oh you do have to do it harder than that
anyways it's school days it's time to
get your education
oh man you just know the way to my heart
don't you babe don't you you really know
how to make a guy happy don't you babe
oh excuse me sir we get a view of that
hairdo Dex
dachshund yo Dex you want something I
don't want you excuse me mr. Trump can
we just ask you a few questions
oh yeah I'll build a wall we are not
voting for Trump by the way I shouldn't
even just said that now I'm reading a
bunch of freakin political comments Cory
oh great save them for the something I
don't know I just was making a
commentary about the crazy hair but
actually basic reasons you're scary I
love you I love you hey bloody tea Oh
Gavin you have to do homework well the
accent attached to it was scary so
classic so classic this do you guys want
to know one thing that I really did not
anticipate when we first moved back to
Idaho and decided to like get a ranch
it's a lot of work but the cows are a
giant pain in the butt like yeah let's
get cows it'll be fun we'll be farmers
hahaha they want to eat every freaking
day and I'm talking on days when it's
six feet of snow like how do you get up
to the cows with your little bale of hay
when there's six feet of snow well we
have tools and we plow roads out but
look at this who can tell me what this
is what's going on here anybody anybody
let's do some deductive reasoning first
one to get it right in the comments
what's going on here it snowed so much
that the waterspout for the cows is
buried and we keep almost running it
over so we have to put these yellow
stakes in the ground so that when it
gets covered we don't run it over look
at these guys they're hungry hey you
guys like your barn they slept inside
the barn last night inside those three
walls you guys like your three walled
barn anyways guys we gotta go feed the
cows come on and then after we feed the
cows we got to plow the road we got a
couple inches last night and I guess
Avia just called and she's feeling sick
so Colette has to go get her from school
we gotta get a bale of hay
Colette's gotta go get a v8 and I gotta
get a bite oh hey let's do it there's
deer over there or they go to paddy
Shuman alright check it out you see that
family deer walking across the field
that's the cool part about living in
Idaho yes you can see that stuff I can
see yeah that's cool hey guys so I've
got a little sticky home from school
today are you feeling any better
yeah yeah it's kind of been going around
its cruddy cruddy hey you don't look
sick though you look cool look at you oh
thanks you're so cute okay I'm gonna go
squish it now okay go squish it now here
this is for you I'm going to squish it
now
it is kind of the wintery blues time
like winters just been hanging around
for a long time and we're in the thick
of it and we're all getting a little
sick Freddie but keeping chicken soup
we're having chicken soup for lunch and
everybody's feeling feeling a little bit
rested now
so I disposed to snow it's been snowing
all night it's supposed to clear up a
little bit today but man it's like night
after night we just keep waking up to
like three four more inches it just
keeps piling the positive
while you're thinking was summer out
here it actually looks like summer but
it's not it is still winter and I'm so
cold
I'm sweating Rach well yeah but you
don't this kid he's just like his father
just like Kevin they all like to wear
shorts in the winter time and they're
not cold by on the other god I can't
even keep my hands I got all these
clothes on and gloves on I'm freezing
you don't know how are you guys know
like when I do have gloves on you ready
let's go ahead like sorry licorice any
so I promised I promised the girls that
we would go Valentine's Day shopping
because they want to get stuff for their
friends and they may or may not have a
Valentine a little bit anyways so we're
gonna go get some Valentines
can't wait now can you with my first
good job look at you guys holding hands
yes I'm what your wallet thanks got it
mama sure Harry these guys thank you
sorry you guys but I have the cutest
kids in the world just say that's creepy
was that scary
America the Beautiful you kids are so
cute I love you good job Daxton the job
you look just like art it's cute
yep what else is cute oh dude show me
that cute yeah what is it you don't it's
very to candy and for him I don't think
you're funny but you we're just driving
on getting some errands done we finally
got a sleeping what would you call him
today
hey cuz hairdo he is a a wild little man
kind of reminds me of that Calvin and
Hobbes character Calvin he doesn't what
I'm talking about I'm old
he's its own stuff anyway he's gotta go
get some errands done alright guys our
first error you see what this box is
collection that is books that we've
signed this was from one of the book
signings we had more people come than we
had books which is awesome and so the
boys signed them and now we're just
shipping them back to the book store so
people get their books exciting yeah
yeah a little cold yes cold
hey guys we're doing a shayloss live
show right now you're Shay
he is the Shey and Shey laws he's so
cute dachshunds hairs awesome death
let's see it Bob's vlog gel awesome okay
sighs as you watch the live show that's
you guys know well crazy gotta go
control children what are you guys doing
Pina just takes him back that's good
he's just learning how to do it I
suppose
hey handsome you look cool dude he's
learning how to be a cool dude a rock
star rock stars got lots of colors and
crazy hair a rock star quarterback go
decks in what are you doing to yours
let's see it getting this color that's a
pretty color
oh yeah it's kind of seems to be
something coming I know I love it don't
you love it this is a glorious get this
creation no I'm a good sister to do this
you go there yes so good I'm excited for
dinner yes we're having well I showed
you guys you show it punch on applesauce
see we goes roll potatoes panels
workshops and more enrolls salads no
lots of it I'm talking eight feet
outside
we run out of time
you
Oh you
I'm gonna lose
you
and if you wanna see us sing and dance
to the rest of that song you'll have to
click on that yesterday's vlog see right
up there in the top left-hand corner of
us that's from the calendar picture last
year if you click on that if you're on a
computer that'll take you to yesterday's
vlog which is us doing a cover of Meghan
Trainor and John Legend's song I'm going
to love you and then if you want to
click on the mystery vlog that will take
you to the live shayloss workout that we
did in the studio yesterday that you
guys just saw a little bit a little clip
of we are going to be doing live
workouts every Tuesday and Thursday on
the shayloss channel imagine it like a
virtual gym instead of having to go to
some sweatshop we're a bunch of lumpy
dudes or staring at you you can stay in
your own room and you can workout with
us
me and mommy tart and Monica and
sometimes the kids and then Danny and
Blake run through every once in a while
it's fun so check out shayloss channel
I'll leave the link below you guys can
come work out with us live every
Tuesdays and Thursdays and then just
click on one of those seven lovely faces
to see what the Shaytards have been
doing almost every single day for the
last seven years we missed some I had to
feed the cows on those days and then of
course subscribe you can subscribe to
the channel for free and then then it
will update you every time we upload a
new video and then buy our merchandise
haha I'm just good I'm sorry guys I'm
joking joke I'm talking you're just
talking okay see you tomorrow bye
