I'm so excited this is my big day
finally get to go to Petco Oh
everybody's gonna love me here I can
just tell
oh boy we're just waiting for the doors
to open at 10 o'clock oh I hope they
have some good deals it's gonna be so
exciting oh I can barely contain myself
hi Joe are you excited I'm sure excited
excuse me Joe he's me Joe oh I think I
was first in line Joe pet mayors oh
that's good oh how I know I'm more
excited
hey we're pet code by milk ice is stuff
I know that keeps changing 113 through
114 115 113 114 113th here 114 pounds
good boy
I think he's lost some weight oh yeah
but no eating a lot of fruits and
vegetables lately shade uh I've thrown
off six pounds in the last week he used
to say he used to be a 120 all the time
he looks like he's at 114 now we got him
come on tight Oh is so loving this
it's like sensory overload oh Jesus
walking hi good morning to you what's
the matter
I just think for Malik ice is like
sensory overload these normally just
used to sit in the house and I seen all
these dogs and people is like anyways we
got hey oh I better help out here you
got a hold on to him tight baby sorry
what is that what do you see you see the
Fitch's well I see the fishes show
there's one right there
what if he tries to get away from you I
better hold on to
yeah let's go let's see it could you you
little tank two five-gallon things of
water he's gonna be out it's me a
linebacker
how much does way no third they're two
gallons two and a half gallons so you
carried you carried five gallons total
two and a half gallons each kind of kid
cast some serious-ass my little guy it's
my little boys my little tiger love him
don't be at my cleaners somebody's had a
lot to drink
somebody's had a lot to drink that dude
I didn't get my camera out in time
returned eliteness that guy was walking
across the intersection dancing in the
intersection as cars were coming he has
any shoes on I wanted y'all haven't come
back like in film them hilarious Dave
Dave Dave Dave loves Miley Cyrus and
Hank green is holding news with his
machine shop shop YouTube shop the weird
thing is that we're totally sober like
there's a big YouTube party weird we are
we make we may be close to the only
sober ones though yeah Ron said
cucumbers we're still holding each other
what's what shirt is this mean prank
turning Great Lakes in the sidebar you
know you know what's that and this is a
probe company copper and then proper
apparel Oscar Oscar de la Renta pants
are they really I think I say Oscar De
La Hoya's Oscar De La Hoya boxer - he's
a boxer of fashion who feed boxes -
punches runway models and makes clothes
can we start again sorry guys I was
dreaming of Christmas
then we thought that it was the
professor the billiards room with the
candlestick yeah yeah we're totally
awesome yeah okay see you tomorrow
