come say goodbye to us I love you I'm
going to go play you're gonna have fun
today yeah all right don't spend all our
money cash 70 percent love you you love
your mommy my mommy
do you love your daddy your mommy back
say I love daddy more psycho psycho so
the worst she's ever baby tired why do
you wear those they're hard for you to
walk in you're already slow enough as it
is and you are those shoes come on let's
go move it just dropped Princess Toph
Princess Toph so high just brought he
just dropped princess are off at school
okay so we just dropped off Princess
start at school son cards at school mami
tarde her sister's in town
mommy tarde Katie let mommy tarde I
think Oh mommy tired it's not a sexy
name anyways um Katie let's sister is a
physical therapist and so she's in town
for a class or a seminar or to fight
somebody that she got a bad deal on car
insurance with one of those I can't
remember which it is anyways so they're
gonna go hang out all day and they're
gonna go shopping and they're gonna go
out to lunch and we're gonna go do girl
things so I'm in charge of doing the
manly responsibilities be a cop
I'm just blogging here is that against
the law
I met rich a vlogging ticket you gotta
become a law one day man just got busted
for vlogging and driving there's cops
everywhere
popo's anyway so me and baby tart are
gonna go see if we can find a juicer
there's a cop coming so I have got to
turn this off cuz I don't know coming in
trouble or not busted shaycarl you're
busted don't make me come in there and
get that camera out of your hand
Carl don't tase me officer don't tase me
please bro bro don't tase me hey guys
Costco oh we're getting some fruits and
vegetables thinking about buying a
juicer hold it up maybe tard
hold it up yours like
it's nice camera work
goodbye bye
how's it goin hey guys what's going on
so I just watch this video by my homie
spokes main spokesman I don't - out that
anyways he just made a song for the new
shayloss channel I know what you guys
did check this out game I'm gonna put
I'm gonna put a link in the sidebar if
you guys want to go check this song out
but I think it's awesome
we go
we go do we go so that well we go to Edo
keep it going two three Oh
okay that's a good workout to check out
the link in the sidebar sweet song son
tard wait for us sometimes done it's
cute
scooter Madhu derp he's having fun yeah
I love doing that alright so we picked
up some card from school now we're gonna
take the long way home it's gonna be
like almost a mile walk good little good
little intermediate exercise yeah we're
headed home
alright Salam yeah sure she goes oh I
thought you were rabbis from Milan oh
you don't put her there
this church down here like now it's like
yes you look just like my rabbi I think
that's a surefire way to tell if your
beard is long I am now a rabbi do you
know I look like a rabbi but let's see
it a hose that a pop a wheelie son of a
monkey less uncle wish I could do that
but
very nice we are ready
oh yeah
right
all right
is there any vodka inside are not worry
we're coming it was just playing around
ever put your hands in there you should
know will happen if you put your hands
in there it'll cut them off I'm gonna
make You Jay
bloody juice no don't pick your nose
where all righty
now I think I look this things for I
think it's to stir it up oh it's just to
stir it up
that's what it's for make sure they
don't like shoot out the top or
something interesting that's a
culmination of cucumbers carrots
tomatoes and apples
that's right things yeah
need to be stirred up a little bit more
I think drink from my juices your taste
no Willy Wonka reference all right so
I'm card here wait wait wait you turn it
this way okay drink out right there
he liked it so good there it is you guys
want to try it here you go somebody
likes the juice is that yummy Oh baby
turn she drank that whole glass of juice
drink the rest of your juice you got a
carrot mustache that your feet are dirty
drink rest your juice drink it all gone
like a big girl you drink that whole cup
carrot mustache and princess heart of
course is being psycho like always using
the brush to go go go the whole house
not the couch go outside outside hurry
run outside Go Go here we are again
trying to teach our son
SMAP now this one this is extra
ridiculous to me it might be only one
that think this is ridiculous okay you
guys check this out here are the
directions what part of the circle do
you think will land on that more often
have children health children use a
counter and toss it on the color board
five times and make a tally mark next to
this corresponding part in the table
after each toss then have them write how
many of each next to the boxes at the
bottom of the page so basically you're
supposed to get a counter which is
something like this if I'm reading the
directions right you're supposed to drop
it and see where the counter lands
whether that lands in this section this
section or this section and then you
make it tally it landed here once it
landed here once it landed here 1,800
times because that's the bigger section
is it just me
this teaching kids how to gamble
basically son tard if you are a gambling
man and you had to put all of your
Benjamins
on one of these colors that our little
thing is gonna land on which one would
you say which one would you bet all your
money on which one do you think would
land on that on the color most often
which one why the big one and so you
think this will land there more often
all right let's see if it works so drop
it in the middle and see if it lands on
there cuz it never lets the circle we
need a different counter what Elly what
are we supposed to use here do this do
this close your eyes close your eyes
make a finger okay ready put your finger
on the page open your eyes okay which
one did your finger land on okay so now
you got to put a mark down here in the
boxes I guess this is good because after
kindergarten son Todd will know how to
go all-in on black in Vegas good boy
good boy quit eating those grapes he
would have he would have totally would
have stolen the SkyTrain still past me
yeah just barely right now why would
would do all that weight she hasn't hold
her heard the story it was a joke I
opened the gate and he was around the
bush and I looked around he's like he's
like hey come here
nobody will believe it though that's not
the thing I am the worst blogger in the
history of vlogging by now I always tell
I always tell her I'm like I'm gonna
catch something sweet one day because I
am always carrying a camera with me okay
the guy just came back because I'm such
a better storyteller anyways this is
okay so you guys just saw right there or
so they're telling a story and qasimi's
you should have came out there okay
Castle what is it alarm on your keys
that beeps gently touches is truck
so whenever some my alarm goes off I get
notified via this two-way radio that
loser
he's work at Best Buy I can also
remotely it goes off whenever somebody
touches my truck hmm so we investigated
so we were just telling this story and
it beeped and instead of like Lissa's
Grave vlog footage i turn the camera off
and i was ready to fight some totally
drunk guy he's like it's in my way
tonight so I look what he's like when
you came back in you said it really fun
he's like if you wanted to help out my
rally yeah I'm like no it's from Los
Angeles to Panama and you have to bring
50 pounds of school equipment I don't
care yeah he was wasting my drop totally
hammered oh and he goes because I
explained it to him it was just a love
tap I wasn't really touching his choice
truck from here yeah I think he was I
think he was like pissed because it's in
the sidewalk yeah he's walking basically
cast and pulled in behind our van and
it's kind of like blocking the sidewalk
so he's like walking on the sidewalk
drunk to the liquor store and he's like
oh look there's a truck in my way I
think I'll hit it until it gets out of
my way and then we run out there I
pulled out my 9 straight tripping pulls
up yeah
