hi hmm what is that quinoa that sounds
like it's a question mark word in wallet
let's look super healthy duper delicious
great hey no fighting you sprouted it
okay I don't know what that means good
job oh okay it's raw are you girls
fighting do we need to line up for buck
kickings I think we do turn around turn
around right now do it come on let's go
good job baby turn ready there you go
that's your discipline for today okay
bye
love you bye mommy tard love you bye
daddy
oh sure we'll miss you I guess I'll just
be here with mommy tard all right wish
you didn't have to go anyways talk to
you later see ya bye I love you see son
tard daddy's going to work to dress like
a woman
oh nice he pushed it off the tree that's
a good way to propel yourself yeah that
takes out a lot of work out of my daily
schedule I don't have to push anymore
that's great you're like Edison all
right dude see ya I love you see you bye
bye hey guys what's going on you like my
hair it's getting long we need a haircut
they may get a haircut tomorrow but
we're at a hat today because mostly I
will be wearing a wig for most of the
day
anyways headed to the office to do a
video for the station I want to tell you
there's actually gonna be a really
famous there's me two famous people in
it I don't know if I should tell you I
don't know yet maybe I'll ask I'll ask
if we can tell I don't know if it's
gonna be a surprise
but it's a fairly famous person is gonna
be in a station video so I'll see if I
can get some footage of her today at
station at the office okay got my
seatbelt on love you bye
it's great man
what is your what's your guy's name my
name you can follow my facebook fanpage
my chance with what did they okay
so that we know we don't see that
there's no good it's like a photo and
then you run off like like no you run
that okay what's going on after we put
the kids to bed the toy box is full okay
right no baby tard
so wait where all the toys
so she basically took all the toys out
of the toy box and I look under her
pillow and she like a stack of books
just sitting so she'll just take all the
books then stack them under her pillow
and then sleep like she's hiding the
books from the other kids it's hilarious
hilarious he's curled up at the edge of
the bed I'm about to curl up with it a
nice good book hey guys are you gonna
record in Europe's and find asleep so
Road seriously just make a decision are
you gonna record or not because if you
are I'm gonna go out and lay in my bed
okay that's it I'm gonna go lay in my
bed no I'm not I'm too comfortable here
I've already made this spot warm no way
why what that purple eyeshadow on today
all right Oh Charles Trippy always says
good night in his vlogs you guys mad I
don't say good night
I always feel like I'm like Oh Oh
sweetie just like good night to me but I
never do
so tired today good night you guys
buried my button go to sleep
Charles Karl trippy with Marla Zoe
honest fiance Ali resume resume has ever
done avoid the indecision cuz the
internet killed television yeah
