by do you have any makeup on why I would
school that I said tart what are you
doing he's got some chips and salsa okay
I'm leaving I'm going to the office
wait I'm going to the office I'll be in
the office for 55 minutes and I'm gonna
come back and we're gonna go get our van
cuz it's done our band is finished all
55 minutes I can do 50 I can commit to
50 minutes we are running a fall special
right now on love really first 50
minutes are free and then we'll throw in
five extra all right fifty-five minutes
it is I'll love you all pipi five
minutes see ya
she's gonna get charged extra for that
though I didn't tell her that it's gonna
be a 20 percent service charge bye love
you see in 55 minutes our van is done
I'm so freakin happy our van is fixed
I've missed it surprisingly this little
Chevy Malibu is it's kind of fun to
drive but it's like cramped and I don't
know I just missed the van a lot anyways
we're going to the office
hey guys another thing I know I wasn't
really gonna talk about my weight loss
stuff on this channel but I'm sure you
guys know I am feeling amazing I just
weighed myself I've lost 5 pounds it's
been three days I've lost 5 pounds
eaten these babies fruits and vegetables
I did not eat any pizza or cake last
night so if you guys want to feel
amazing doesn't matter if you're if
you're skinny if you I mean you don't
have to be fat to get healthy you can
you can be a good way you didn't have to
lose weight but you can get healthier
and soar exercising it's it's so so
ridiculous how much better you feel like
you have more energy from exercising
it's just weird for
nomina anyways if you guys want to join
its it's an awesome little community we
got going we're making video responses
to each other and it's a lot of fun join
the new channel shayloss links in the
sidebar I'm eating fruit I'm lovin check
it out
no more pinstripe oh it looks great bill
van I'm liking it looks really really
good they did a heck of a job you know
what's great is there was some like
Dean's on the front bumper that were uh
that were not part of the crash and they
buff those out as well but there are
some dings right here that weren't even
part of the crash and they're not even
there anymore it looks really good
excited at the new that's I've got our
van back it's like brand new exciting
anyway so I gotta go pay for now five
hundred dollar deductible it's worth
though not to have a big giant UPS pin
stripe down the side
mama card you wrecked that man again
I'll probably just fix it again I love
you guess what I get another opportunity
to choose happiness over anger that's so
fortunate what am I talking about let me
tell ya so the place where we got our
van fixed is like five miles down the
road five miles not a big deal yeah when
you live in Los Angeles and you're
trying to drive at five o'clock at night
it's a big deal it's about twenty to
thirty minutes and you know what they
don't want to give you your van when you
don't have money to pay the deductible
yeah that's why you should bring your
wallet with you when you go to pick up
your van so you can pay the $500
deductible but if you don't have your
wallet they don't want to give you the
keys of the van so guess what you got to
do go back home and get your wallet and
I just thought you know what
this is so awesome this is
I could be really pissed and frustrated
right now you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna choose to not let that affect how
my day is gonna go so I'm gonna say I am
I am happy for the opportunity to drive
another 25 minutes back to my house to
get my wallet and then drive another 25
minutes back to the place to get my van
and then drive another 25 minutes back
home an hour and a half that I get to
spend just in this car thinking about
good things oh it's so funny I'm really
I'm kind of joking but I'm really I mean
it's frustrating but whatever what are
you gonna do right you can't do anything
you can get all pissed and like oh what
a waste of time I'm tired I want to go
home and relax you you know what's the
point what does that do it doesn't do
anything anyway so I have to drive home
though and that's what I was gonna say
you guys I really believe in this you
choose if you're happy or not in life
you do it is all up to you do not let
the outside stimulus affect your
reaction if somebody says something or
does something or something happens that
you can't control
why freak out about it just like I am
gonna make the choice to be in charge of
my life now this is the way I'm gonna
live happy you guys excited we got the
van back
oh the future's so bright you gotta wear
game baby tired you excited have the van
back what are you doing okay let's put
the car seats in there pretty are you
excited don't smile do not smile don't
don't smile I told you not smile why are
you smiling
stop it no let's go to the grocery store
and buy some fruits and vegetables
instead I think some tarts going through
withdrawals like Daddy tart is too
anyways I've got the van made the trip
and now we're gonna go get some
groceries okay here we go
hi you were at Whole Foods
fresh grilled artichoke I think after
the 20 days I'm gonna start eating stuff
from here is that a pear I should
someone airs delicious what are we gonna
get who are we gonna get well that looks
good roasted corn the only thing is it's
really it's kind of expensive here but
everything's really delicious looking
fresh and delicious watermelon see this
watermelon that's what we need right now
for these things what is this dragon
fruit that's like snozzberry hair cream
what is this gyoja look at this dragon
fruit and ram bump bump them passion
those are suwanee horned melon let's get
a horned melon you want a horned melon
what is quinoa it's a green and it's
organic
son tired are you about to play another
set of volleyball after this I love how
you guys turn around let me see your
sunglasses put them on dude let's see
let's see put them on those are sweet
wristbands - oh I feel the dance coming
on oh snap here we go in the wholefoods
busting it out like Donkey Kong
son tard
where are we at now what a certain bucka
bucka weekend
we're here in Barnes and Noble this is
the personal finance section just a
quick tip for you guys and some of you
may have heard of this guy this guy is
the best if you have any questions about
finance don't do anything until you
listen what he has to say Dave Ramsey
I'm Trust trust me if you guys cheers
that guy changed my life not even joking
if I could give you one piece of advice
if you're like Jay you're about to die
and there is one thing that you can say
to people of the world for everybody to
hear what would it be here it is
get out of debt get out of debt don't
owe anybody any money the debtor is
slave to the lender get that book Dave
Ramsey Mays amazing anyways I'm looking
for something else I'm looking for
different book trust me on this whatever
okay sundar what are we gonna get can
you dance in the bookstore
he dances on command
alright we're looking for the health and
fitness place where's okay I'm gonna
quit pay attention you guys and look for
my boat okay we found the book okay
center grab it
let's go come on let's go No naughty
what did you see do you see somebody
naked these books which book do you
wanna gorilla
look there's a gorilla Shaytards
sandwich let's count the layers start
with a baby tar barrei slob
watch out baby turn this is serious
business
