all right happy birthday Ben love God
thank you actually the G supposed to be
capitalized but it's alright I won't
tell him
I just thank you okay we got a cake for
Ben you want to hold it oh I'm afraid
you might drop it here put it in here
let's put it in the cart thank you
hey guys hey sorry getting a cake for
Ben because it's his birthday and me
have been always getting these big
religious discussions so Ivan get this
cake says happy birthday Ben love God
it's gonna be great it's gonna be funny
so humorous anyways just with mommy and
baby tart at home cleaning the house and
we're just picking up some stuff because
mommy is craving an oz shoe sandwich so
I got her the stuff I'm gonna make it
for her presents no we gotta make eight
that's good enough
plus we'll give him our love okay bye
okay what's up let's have a little uh a
little discussion shall we let's have a
little down and dirty let's get let's
get nitty ingredient let's talk about
some issues some FAQ some frequently
asked questions one I'm not leaving the
station
the whole thing with Shane and Phil and
everybody else at the station it's it's
a classic it's just like every other
disagreement or falling out or argument
that you've had with your friends or
your family it's miscommunication
misunderstandings and pride it's like
the three things that always it's like
those are the three things that always
happen in any fight or anything that
you've ever been in with anybody so it's
not any different than any of those
other things it's it sucks because I
love everybody I I want to be in the
middle you know how it's like when
you're in school and you have one group
of friends you can hang out with but you
can't hang out with the other group of
friends if you're hanging out with this
group of friends you you guys probably
gone through
before because these two kids these two
people got into fight so you can't hang
out with them at the same time so it's
like you have to choose science which I
hate doing I'm not gonna choose sides
I'm gonna be friends with both people
and I see both people's argument so
anyways the station will go on you know
if I'm in it if I'm not in it you know
it when we started the station the whole
idea was the station is greater than the
sum of its parts the station isn't Shane
Dawson's channel the station isn't che
Carl's channel we wanted to create this
stage basically where multiple people
can go on so you know that was our goal
in the first place when we started it is
that we want it to be a place where lots
of stuff can be on there you know new
youtubers new musicians so that's what
you guys are gonna start seeing on the
station hopefully that's what we're
planning is a lot of newer stuff with
new people maybe you've never heard of
before but are talented so I know it's
been there's been so much drama and
discussion about the station but I mean
that really is the main reason why we
moved here is to start this and it's
it's frustrating for me because you know
I moved my family and three kids and
everybody out here and now all this
drama is happening and it's like I'm I
feel like I'm stuck in the middle but
anyways I love everybody associated with
I seriously don't have a problem with
anybody in the station I know all of
them individually and I can see you know
why the things happen the way that they
do anyway so that's that's all I'm gonna
talk about that I feel like I I was
debating whether I should talk about it
or not and I figure it's it's fair to
you guys I mean this is a vlog about my
daily life right and that's a giant
detail about it
so I feel like it's unfair if I didn't
you know bring it up at least a little
bit so that's that's that's the gist of
it I mean if you have any other
questions don't worry about so that
being said
I love you - I love butterfly there's no
segue there okay we're home and we got
mommy some eyes you stuff and we got Ben
a cake and it's a beautiful Sunday
afternoon I'm loving life everything's
great everything's grand Shay shut up
not everything's not great and grand
I got a hangnail Shay tell me how I'm
gonna figure that out Shay huh it really
hurts I'm an idiot
bye we need a permission slip and now
it's time for another sun card swinging
in the tire swing spinning around swing
time you totally made dizzy tune in next
week when princess tarde vomits
entire budget vitamin C's good for you
yeah it's a bone strong I got to be a
warrior July
you know flag birds my heart okay bye
