hi all right another day what's up how's
it going
you got an ally Oh
take off the band-aid oh no poke it poke
it hurt pick your nose what's this can't
eat that what are you making me for
lunch woman I want a big salad I want a
big sound like a lane one at a big salad
that's good that's a good portion look
at all these plants you put in our
window starting to feel like home now
yeah that's great I'm surprised anyways
hi guys what's up it's Saturday and
we're just hanging out at home right now
probably to go ice skating tonight in
California I don't know how that's gonna
turn out especially with the kids
I've been ice skating 3 times in my life
so it should be interesting I don't
think have you ever been ice skating mom
let me turn I shouldn't call it more
that's a funny thing you start to call
your wife mom it's like I'm one of the
kids now that way mom make me a salad
not too much that too much olive oil
tried to slim down anyway so we're gonna
go ice skating we're just hanging out at
home it's a nice Saturday afternoon just
chilling and that's it we're gonna eat a
giant salad and I'm gonna I'm gonna put
Princess starts now we again ready well
thanks for eating that right my face
thanks for eating candy behind my back
hey guys I want to bring this up one
more time I guess there's a lot of new
people to YouTube listen listen when the
video sometimes sometimes I think you
guys are just joking sometimes I think
there are people who just want to get a
rise out of people so they say where's
the quality on this video so bad anyways
you know who you are if you've done it
okay so I just uploaded yesterday's
video here it is okay so you guys can't
see this but where I am uploading it
right here it says this video is still
being processed video quality will
improve once processing is complete
because I upload an HD once it oh crap
almost at the TV that could have been
dangerous anyways when I first upload
the vlogs for the first probably 20
minutes
they're grainy it's bad quality so for
future reference whenever I upload a
video if you're one of the first people
to watch it in the first twenty to
thirty minutes if it's bad quality
that's the reason why um I almost don't
want to say anything because every video
I get at least 50 comments saying what
is the video quality so bad pray and I'm
like hey most discuss list chichi
but just so you know I just a lot of you
and thank you to most of you who help
those people and teach them the ways of
the YouTube so if you're just wondering
that's your answer
alright let's go ice skating hey baby
darn she's gonna be a oh yeah we're
going down come on in our baby's just
thinking she's gonna stand on the what
is that balance beam she's a balance
beam mistress like so scared you got it
oh no oh no
whoa
corn ice-skating you excited to go
ice-skating
Lindsay is on ice skates oh you're like
Monica yeah
Terra what you are not like Monica
Lewinski tara lipinski that's who your
life you let's see mommy got yours on
alright I'll see you guys later I'm
gonna head into the movies now now so
I'm to put Daddy skates on there's a
Zamboni
there's the Zamboni machine excited
Zamboni's cleaning the ice looks all
slippery
it's on that's maybe to our nice skin
you have to carrier though all right
here we go let's skate
hey captain
no electronics on the offense here we go
and now watch as my three children have
an epic dance-off to win the love and
approval of their father
maybe Dart
they're dancing fools I can't stop we
should go put a bucket out there so
people put money in the bucket burn kids
dancing
how to teach him to be shy okay we have
eight people stuck in a tiny goofy
spearing craft
Bill's countin oh nine you're right
Lindsay doesn't know it all right one
two three four five six seven eight nine
and ten
beer counts as one
