hi I'm logging here
hey baby tard what's going on oh you
really should be careful with that
sucker I don't want you to stab it down
your throat
be careful and let me swallow it honey
baby guards eating a sucker
she shouldn't be eatin that sucker baby
tart I told you not to bite the suckers
that's dangerous I know we said anything
for a vlog right get off the counter you
get me in trouble
little Butthead come here hey I love you
why don't you tell your sister to put
that knife down
you did you did tell him Oh Freddie did
you draw that what she looks like she's
a punk rocker
she's Bell from UM getting the Beast
yeah I got it right first I'm better at
Disney movies ha ha yeah hey psychopath
yes simmer it down simmer it down out
there it's gone
see you in the numbers on the top left
or red that means it's reporting ready
ha ha kidding I wouldn't spray the
camera silly games like my shorts I
bought these for my halloween costume
but I think they're so sexy I'm wearing
them to watch the dog oh yeah Malakai
you like no short daddy I think they
look pretty ugly with that yellow shirt
I don't care because I think I feel
smoothly shorts well today you're kind
of a fat loser
what
so in my dad's did you fill my dance I
thought I filmed the appearance okay I
thought he said I film your penis
okay we're washing Malachi let's go Shay
Carl watch this person the dirty oh yeah
baby oh yeah ah
Minzy likes it right I don't know I
think he was to it she feels like he's
like laughs was good okay
a gyrator Shay right right there oh sure
that's true like you yep yep that's the
one oh let me help you right there just
put that little left a little left oh
good you're very good very good very
good
oh thank you so much thank you so what
are you doing in a pole vault what do
you think I don't think he likes bats
very much Suns are he's a bamboo pole
vaulter yay
that's great that on the ground why does
mommy not like this idea
ready break break you me me all right
I'm just teasing okay do it you know oh
wait a little vault with the bamboo New
Balance
you know home
I think actually does like you maybe
like it worth it or warmers but please
do not live in Idaho where would be
snowy yeah I know he's stuck forever in
Washington Idaho he'd always like turn
into like a big puppy-dog simple big
doggie cycle where the bomb we actually
took him to a groomer without expensive
way to buy that sauna just to be yeah
and they were smooth but now they're
hairy he is gonna get it next time
okay no there you go there oh look he's
like oh it's so Oh careful here it comes
Oh watch out you guys get out of the way
you look you over you use 120 pounds of
excitement Malachi come here P here we
go come
the boy cannot mess up of you Oh clean
sugar boy would your there's another
girl whoa hello everybody it's a nice
echo in here there's some nice acoustics
in here so we must sing sing sing sing
sing we gotta see
oh the obnoxiousness never ends hey guys
when we're hanging out with Shay Carl
he's always obnoxious yeah let's go this
way we're going to the Sports Chalet and
we have a straight down here winning
we're gonna bring some sports stuff we
get some weight maybe some balls see
maybe some other cool stuff we'll see
what do you want my place you want to
play sports
give it up dawg where gee maybe you
become pro one day by your dad a mansion
and a Lamborghini that's called the
grapevine yeah I think you're gonna be
great in sports yeah look at that
that's some fancy footwork some fancy
footwork you got going on hey sundered
what sport is that
listen coaches out there
you better watch out cuz son tart is
coming and he's ready we're here in the
Sports Chalet I look like that's great
honey
I don't know his face is kind of
funny-looking wait he doesn't it's not
so tough
nope I'm back you can take it but nah we
get kicked out here okay come on
sundered get this guy
it's like he's staring at you funny
what's he looking at what's his problem
go get him tiger Hey look come here come
get his face go get him she's good good
sorry sir sorry it's okay mommy tarts
gonna see if she can do a pull-up she
hasn't done one for a long time one job
oh oh
that was to means I need to use her
exercising only two things that's what I
hear what are you doing honey how much
is that only 70 pounds hey Shay what are
you gonna do is that cool image Olli hey
uh have you ever heard of a warm-up you
know what a warm up is because you did
not do 170 pounds over my head
yeah that's not as much as I did I'm
stronger I call oh this makes me miss
home so much this makes me really
homesick I know there's ski hills there
like I think somebody says like an hour
hour and a half an hour and a half like
90 minutes makes oh he said there's a
ski hill but back home I literally could
leave my house and be getting on the
chairlift in 15 minutes I could walk out
my front door get in my truck by the
time I was getting on the chairlift 15
minutes miss that so much
I used to go I used to be like 60 times
a season and I miss it we're gonna go
back for Christmas
hopefully I've lost a lot of weight by
then and we can we can go skiing
together that'd be fun hi guys
u.s. you snowboards are you gonna
snowboard don't snowboard you want to
ski that's what you want to do yeah
what's the answer I could get my yellow
one and you could wear that one we'd be
a couple oh that is so cute wait we we
are a couple already
it's Vladimir from Russia I think we got
a little comedian on our hands there
okay i'ma so I can fit into this BRB you
look like him
exactly it's tight little tight that's
good well it's supposed to be tight
keepin the body heat right I'm right
right okay go change
no I think you should buy it okay
we bought a scale I'm nervous I'm gonna
guess 280 better not be over 280 better
not be over 280 hold on okay watch out
two seventy eight point six was it too
bad my goal I do have a goal by the way
I want to weight 200 pounds by my
birthday March them some tard weighs 82
pounds
why that's a lot that's you know it's a
lot of muscle you're buff but you know
what we're gonna start doing we're start
going to the beach and playing soccer a
lot okay okay for it to start get on
let's see let's say Oh 36 you're light
you lighty pants all right fatso let's
see you get on it okay let baby Target
on come on baby target on I say twenty
nine pounds
how much Oh 26.2 chubba jump jump jump a
better job a better jumper belly you
just did your let's go let's let mom go
all right get on cookie in a Wars take
your shoes off take your sweater off
Natick what your as a son perverted take
your shirt off Ok Go I say 115 109 what
do you think you're gonna weigh 15 or
more okay let's do me again I want to
make sure - the same watch out
daddy dogs getting on the scale I've
lost point 4 pounds as I weighed myself
working ok close it before - seven eight
point six only got 78 pounds to lose by
March 5th that's my goal
78 pounds by March 5th I will do it well
chop off my head
scouts honor fill up the lungs the lead
I just used right will desert song goes
whatever that means
I'm just looking through my emails I
just you rival following you on Twitter
uh-oh she doesn't know that is Oh
rallies madness over the maps favorite
man I need a Mac
school office we're here we have a
meeting we're gonna talk about stuff
we're looking at Max and Justine's
behind me mocking me I want to put your
lip face here we go oh I'm gonna bogging
policy oh sorry
gotta go
