by lemme kisses love you I
all righty then hi what's up
so he's yelling at me um oh yeah you
guys are here hi sorry how rude I'm
getting the canker sore right here hurts
I did dang it 70 thousand in an hour
hopefully that's a ton you're gonna get
him I'm promised I'm looking forward do
you know did you find it else we did
Thank You Danny diamond you're so good
um that's okay that's good that's that's
nothing but me can you put me in your
shade to the sidebar please subscribe
check out Danny driving I can get okay
thanks okay the reason I have the camera
out around these hooligans as I want to
talk to this gentleman right here
hi I'm Ron I am Ron place a little ditty
okay yes sir
okay so Ron looks great by the way you
look fabulous
fantabulous has just started a new diet
where he's only eating raw fruits and
vegetables so you don't cook anything
but a site fruits broccoli cucumbers
tomatoes nuts you eat nuts yeah
raw nuts raw nuts nothing cooked nothing
processed nothing in a microwave that's
it just fruits and vegetables how long
you been doing it run one week and a
half one and a half weeks it looks
skinnier do you feel great I feel so
amazing it's like a million bucks yeah I
feel like probably a lot of people are
gonna want to make out with me so I
think I think I'm gonna do it
how long are you gonna do it for though
you can't yet forever not either here
here something like 20 days or something
you can do it forever I'm I'm trying it
for a month hopefully I'm gonna do it
for the rest of my life I don't know you
won't do it for us to your life but I
believe oh no you won't pizza is too
delicious to do it for the rest of your
life and chile relleno chimichanga kudos
okay so I'm gonna do it I'm gonna I'm
gonna think about it for a minute maybe
I have to go get one more big steak and
anyways I'm gonna try it I think I'm
gonna try it we'll talk about it more in
a second okay look where we're at in the
fruit and vegetable section of
Albertsons it's your store all right
guys I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it I
am motivated I fill a mighty change of
heart I fill a mighty chain
within me to do this and it's it's it's
almost exciting as like a challenge like
that's really hard I'm gonna do it for
20 days only fruits and vegetables for
20 days check out what I got got some
watermelon I got some nuts pistachios
cashews almonds some broccoli some snap
peas some spinach honeydew melon oranges
cucumbers avocado they even filming that
I was just looking at it with my eyes I
forgot for a minute I made some tomatoes
anyways so I'm gonna go 20 days only
eating raw fruits and vegetables now
here's what I want to talk about I don't
want every every time I talk about this
everybody turns into a dietician and a
health expert sure you know you can't do
that that's unhealthy listen I don't I
appreciate it and I know there's
hundreds of different diets out there
that work for different people but this
is just what I'm gonna do okay now
here's what I want to say I'm not gonna
I don't want to make this a huge part of
the daily vlogs because it's like you
know a lot of people like that that are
watching these don't care if they're
like I don't care if you're losing
weight I don't want to hear about you
eating broccoli at noon you know I don't
really give a crap fatso let me just see
your hot wife and cute kids there are
those people
some of you however may be interested in
the weight loss thing so
asparagus some of that I'm gonna make
another channel under I don't want to do
it I don't want to make another billion
channels but listen there's no pressure
don't subscribe if you don't care if you
have even minimal like I don't care
about that don't subscribe I'm not gonna
ask you to rate a move I'm not gonna ask
you to comment if you want to you can I
just want to use it as another area
where people who are really interested
in the weight loss thing and who want to
do this with me can join it okay so no
pressure don't subscribe if you don't
want to links in the sidebar I'm gonna
make a new channel I'm gonna go 20 days
it's only eating fruits and vegetables
and I'm gonna lose weight so I don't
know I don't think I got enough but
right now this will ask me a couple days
so let's go let's get it started
I'm pumped mighty change of heart is
taking place within my beam I'm ready to
go I'm good I'm feeling healthy already
I feel unmotivated excited let's do this
uh baby guard what are you doing huh are
you going night-night Justine
inappropriate I just seen on SVU SVU SVU
I just need Zone SVU on her ah ha ha
phone hey just beat up the kids I'm out
of breath
got the kids to bed right before we get
when we get to watch I just steamed I so
it's just in time so exciting so
exciting you were two Dancing with the
Stars I bet you I just see instead a
Twitpic of it that's how it got on the
net she probably was doing a live show
on Ustream and somebody scream captain
duh I think they brought up the sack if
you want to little some in the next 11
days
