hi I'm vlogging here well you can't drop
them
Malakai is an opportunist he's gonna
follow you if you drop those hey baby
car you can eat all those you need all
those kids to do is I'm just standing
here waiting because if you drop when
I'm gonna eat it I sure AM hungry oh
where you going David to her oh I'm
gonna cool it down that he has the cab
around I want to get in trouble
it's quesadilla daddy's making fun of my
voice oh good I don't really talk like
that I'm gonna bite your testicles while
you're sleeping what I don't know why he
said that I didn't say that he said that
don't get mad at me he's won it said it
come Malakai up good morning intertubes
you Burnett's
you interweb tubes how's it going I
headed to the dentist little idea with a
little nervous I haven't been to the
dentist in not even joking probably four
or five years I don't know why I just I
don't go I should I should go I got a
coupon for $30 cleaning I'm like I need
to go to the dentist I use a Sonicare
toothbrush which I think are the best
toothbrushes ever uh so I don't I think
it does a good job but I have a feeling
that recently I think fell out there's a
corner of my tooth that like fell off so
I'm like I should go get that looked at
so go to do that and kind of nervous if
nobody likes a dentist who likes going
to the dentist and um there's this it's
so funny how your mind works your mind
is more powerful at scaring yourself
than reality because whenever I go or
something like this like getting shots
or going to the dentist going to the
doctor it's never as bad as you imagine
do you ever realize that it's in your
mind it's so much worse than when you
actually go when you're like I can
handle this isn't that bad I mean it
sucks but it's not like in my mind was
like I don't even want to go I'm not
going they can't make me go I'm gonna
dope my mom and dad live in Idaho I'm
not going I'm not doing it
but I was like actually I'd be I think
any chick that's part of being an adult
it's making these tough choices but I
really don't want to go I'd rather just
do something else
anyways headed to the dentist right now
and I'm trying not to let my mental my
mental brightness my mind I'm like we
have to get 12 shots what if that thing
can be a shot in my neck what if they
say Shay we have to give you a shot in
your Achilles tendon I'm like what no my
achilles tendon
let's have a close to my teeth well this
is a rare circumstance you have you're
34 but you're thirty fourth bicuspid
molar has a root that is going down to
the nerve centralist of your achilles
tendon and we have to cut it off what
why no I don't want to do it okay so
just got out of the dentist I knew it
this tooth I have a tooth right here
where a filling has like fallen off
anyways I need a root canal and a cap
which is going to cost $2,300 to get it
done the reason I went into that dentist
is because I got a coupon in the mail it
says cleaning 30 dollars and it says you
get an x-ray and a diagnosis and a
cleaning all for 30 bucks so I'm like
sweet yeah let's let's go get that done
so they give me the x-ray they think the
dude comes in and tells me that I need
the root canal and a cap after looking
at the x-ray then the little girl comes
in who's like the salesperson you can
totally tell and she's like talking
about how it's going to get worse and
more expensive and blah blah blah and we
need to get it started on it right away
and we can start it right now she said
we could turn on your root canal right
now it'll take a couple visits we could
get started on it right now and you
could pay half the 2300 now and then
half will we do the cap I'm like wow I
wasn't really expecting that and I was
like you know I'd probably want to check
some other places because my wife Katie
let just went got a thing done and hers
was like way cheaper so I was like
maybe I should just look at one other
place you know just to compare anyway
she's like okay well we should really
get started right now but that's fine
I'm like well can I just do the cleaning
today and then I'll reschedule an
appointment to get you know the root
canal done so yeah well we have to
reschedule with a hygienist and and
let's go up to the front I'll and I'll
look at the book so she looks through
the book and she's like oh geez oh geez
she's like it looks like our next
opening is November 30th I'm like a
month from now you can do a root canal
and cap right now but you can't clean my
teeth for a month she's like yeah
sometimes the dental hygienists get
really busy I'm just like you know what
I'm just gonna go somewhere else
and I left I'm so pissed cuz they have
my phone number and my social security
number and all my information and it's
like totally just a scam to get you in
there to sell you on getting your things
fixed but you don't get the cleaning and
if you do if you want it the first she
tries to upgrade you she goes we have
actually a better cleaning that's one
hundred ninety five dollars and we could
do that that's that's probably what you
need because you know you haven't been
to the dentist in a while you should
probably get that I'm like let me just
let me just get the you know the thirty
dollar cleaning the one that I paid for
you know just the the thing that was on
the coupon she's like yeah we can't do
that until the end of November it's like
why can't it just be an honest business
out there I know there is of course
there is but it's just so frustrating so
frustrating anyway so I'm gonna go to
this other place are there any dentists
there I will fly you to my house and you
can and I just want to lay in my bed and
you guys can do it there you will you
come in and fix my teeth for repeat
anyways I'm a fat loser who needs a root
canal and I just left that office
because it pissed me off now I'm gonna
go home and II can't Andy I'm just gonna
pour sugar and syrup on my teeth that'll
get them back that'll teach him
Hey what are you doing apparently are
you Michael Jackson we are the world we
are the children we are the ones to make
a brighter day so let's start giving
good we are the children we are the ones
to make a brighter day so let's start
giving this we are the world we are
then we can make a better place for you
I'm just gonna lay here on the laundry
so comfortable plus che smells so good I
think this is his aftershave shirt right
here oh sure love my shaycarl why do I
do oh sorry hey guys okay so here's
what's up real quick real fast it's 4:30
in the morning like usual I think just
snot get rid of any breathe my snot
comes up so what's happening is I'm
editing my video right now and there's a
lot of footage there's like 20 minutes I
think it's all pretty good and I want to
use it because if I took the time to
film it I want to use it as like some
stuff that's funny I'm like what I got
to do it I want to make a 20 minute
video but I don't want to delete it
because I found it it's like I smell
that I'm filming it so here's over to do
and I'm not gonna do this very often um
Ike I'm gonna try not to ever do it
again
but I'm gonna make today's video into
two parts so for those of you who are
like don't make the video over 10
minutes or too long it's obnoxious Jay
you just watched this first part but for
those of you who are like Shay make a 40
minute video take up our entire laws
with your life I just don't ever
don't think you do this second video is
for you guys oh and I like the second
group better by the way corpse well I do
think I'm amazing
no I don't stupid how I do that I was -
I'm sorry that was ridiculous
okay so only today today only this is a
two-parter because I want to make a 20
minute video so I'm gonna make two 10
minute videos so if you want to continue
watching the part of this this day click
on this annotation oh it's so pretty
it's a green annotation I think I like
it green because my ads red that reminds
me of Christmas
you fool yellow dish yes you look at you
already kid you I were to give you a bad
