yeah okay you guys ready for some candy
sure pardon me
all right either wait mommy try where
you going Suntory where's mommy going
she's what
what candy hey I sure matha its sleep
what are you doing your psych okay so we
never filmed it kids did go
trick-or-treating but they went trunk or
treating I don't know if you guys never
heard of it Butthead our church they do
a thing where it's called trunk or
treating so instead of having to go from
house to house all the people in our
church go to the parking lot and they
put their big their cars in a circle
they put candy in the trunk and the kids
go from car to car trunk or tree it's a
lot safer it's a lot quicker and escort
some candy so mommy tard just went and
got the three bags that she is hidden in
her room we have to disperse it
accordingly or else they're gonna get
sick okay you might think that's so mean
taking their candy no I'm being smart I
have my voice to not regularly how much
and look how you turned out I'm really
bad teeth and I got it I say just give
it to them let them feel sick let them
vomit let them learn their own lessons
in life choose your pieces wisely I want
to swim I want dad what bit-o-honey
first one out of the bag baby tardy gets
a bit oh honey what's next Oh a airhead
delicious one more choice what's it
gonna be baby tard oh I hope it's
something good so I can steal it me
actually I'm just kidding I steal the
candy when it's hidden in our rooms and
they're asleep
okay son tard what are you gonna pick Oh
princess start Stern we have three
separate bags for all three kids what
are you gonna pick she already knows she
knows already
what'd you get you got two of the same
things in this one I like tootsie roll
onto fruit snacks can I have these okay
you know oh there's our pretzels I feel
like I broke them hard
all right choose three items how do you
get nerds next choose wisely this could
be the last choice of your entire life
Oh fun dip that's like cocaine all right
yours happy huh that's that's you guys
are addicted aren't you
let's admit it you're addicted what are
you doing are you skimming off the top
are you coming up its up all right the
candy distribution process has occurred
what a what a sound system we have no
son I'm not a dot we tend to be a duck
okay bring a friend to be a doctor well
hi patient son tard
my name is dr. Johnson and it looks like
you have a tooth that needs to come out
today let me see open wide yep that
tooth is definitely loose all right are
you ready okay lean back open your mouth
let's fill it ready Oh open open open
open right look back back open right all
right ah over white
dr. Johnson open your open your hand did
you pull out the right one Ohio cuz dr.
Johnson doesn't want a lawsuit there it
is
you get it let me see see your mouth
higher arrr matey
Oh see you guys that's good it's about
all right okay don't lose it don't lose
it please go see let's go see it come on
sometimes she does I think she has the
ATM problem right there that I want to
scream with excitement Prince's heart
has that same problem she does let's see
oh you're bleeding so how much money
you're gonna get from the Tooth Fairy a
dollar another dollar you you rich
listen times have changed mami tarde the
economy's down maybe you'll get two
dollars of your lucky day oh he did you
dropped it literally alright good job
dude
okay rinse your mouth out let's get a
bag you can put underneath your pillow
for the Tooth Fairy to come
very few don't give me water please
hey guys what's going on I heard centaur
lost a tooth I just gonna go out here
lay on my bed okay see you bye let's do
two dollars no come on he's gonna start
to be like I get more and more than more
tooth get 50 bucks
that sounds good good rate of inflation
it just gets a dollar are you gonna put
it are you taking him baby are you gonna
take the tooth out and put it in the bag
okay let's do it make it all make it
Tooth Fairy approved straighten that
dollar bill wait what there's the
half-built believe us to the treasure
we're just watching national treasures
how would a skull national treasure
treasure and so they're always seeing
things in the money that's why she
that's what she that's okay hold on so I
can look through a water bottle and look
at the clock hold on let me see I think
back in the Fiat part that I'm like okay
Benjamin Franklin wanted you to see that
okay let's go come on let's see
I get that
we weren't very quiet oh well you made
the exchange save it once they're all
wants all of us tea pot we're gonna make
a necklace out
