hi I'm logging here you look so pretty
in your dress oh look at you you're
doing a spin and everything so beautiful
hey guys uh baby turn we're gonna go get
some treats at the store um
we're watching the Packers Vikings it's
good game so far what do you think
comments I don't know just sixteen years
for the Packers coming back to Lambeau
Field it's it's pretty crazy you know
how do you think he'll I think he'll
take the pressure
I think he'll did good we'll see I don't
know what do you think maybe thar she
doesn't know
anyways we're gonna go grab some treats
real quick and we're gonna go back to
watch the game the daddy-daughter
football day mom and the other kids are
at church right now maybe tard was
feeling sick this morning but she seems
to be better took a long nap now she
feels better
welcome home how'd you get in that wire
hi guys
yeah they did they got your snowboard
boots all wet I should have him out here
and grabbed him check these guys out
mommy tired bought these at the thrift
store when we're shopping for our
Halloween costumes five bucks five bucks
for uh some Roxie snowboard boots that
she can't use because we live in
California well we'll take him home for
Christmas we're gonna go at Christmas
Kay when I take all the kids okay that
should be fun about 20 minutes then I'll
be like okay I'm gonna go up top now you
guys have fun we're going home to Idaho
on the like last week of December it's
gonna be fun hey kids how is church
would you learn about
about something we just couldn't prime
it you to learn about anything
I can't staring at me
well did you stare him back he did that
what did you sit him um he said nothing
and I said something to him
what did you say um he said why does
this guy staring at you said that to the
kid and what did he say so uh you think
we need to take him out oh we might I
don't know I'm just saying if somebody
stares you down you got to be ready for
anything that was good that you were
nice to him I'm just teasing it
hey hey want to go higher - higher
higher okay you sure you sure you can
handle this chick okay let go but get
ready okay you ready to go this rope is
pretty tightly wound okay are you gonna
scream and cry sure
here we go one two okay now get out and
run around hurry hurry pretty fast
okay run run run run over here come here
are you dizzy you're right
it's drugs for little kids on the
playground hey guys let's get on the
swing and spin it around and get all
dizzy I show you do that again
nice behind the back here get it oh no
hold out hi alright pass back all right
oh oh in the hoop add a kid there's no
net though it's not as fun it's not as
satisfying some of you guys aren't I'm
talking about playing basketball there's
no net it takes it takes like 7% of the
fun away you don't ever get that swish
yeah 7% of the fun is taken away if you
don't have a net it's a small percentage
maybe it's higher to some people but if
there's no net to me it's not quite as
fun what do you got we gotta go buy a
new net I think I I think we should take
that upon our ourselves as a
responsibility do you just totally miss
it
yeah not what you're supposed to do you
know shoot it so me Duncan it is right
for this is Rufus yeah I'm gonna dunk
Allu shoes I you see me dark yeah look
see see I can see your face a little bit
a little bit is it ugly looking no is it
really beardy is it a lot of hair on it
you think like I could see you you see
me now yes okay Jellico Glee no come are
you gonna fill me Duncan it work like a
Mad Hatter the Mad Hatter or this
straight tripping Kobe Bryant or the
bran James why don't you shoot it
you want this cool okay your turn so on
hey you want this more money
what have I created a smack talker you
ready oh wait no yeah yeah yeah yeah dog
slam a donkey house down there's nothing
nice and run
valet starch ready
steal the ball good steel oh she's going
up for the dunk pretty much the best
basketball player ever here so she's
like I'm not holding on anymore okay see
a real slam dunk
yeah I'll hurt my fingers by time to go
home all down at the park to cut that
moon that is so pretty
what's just camera could zoom a little
bit more gorgeous full moon under a
sunset sky how amazing it get it move
ugly we're looking at the gorgeous sky
great job today
great job today playing basketball you
slap my butt yeah yeah that's what it's
like seriously just like that you know
soon
just like oh okay
snapper dinner where's the bird good
that's good for him okay ready quantity
you gotta keep your hands up keep your
hands up
come on come on keep your hands up nope
not keep your hands in front of your
face in front of your face you had to
block the punch Oh
keep in front of your face you're the
worst boxer ever good vibe I love you
stop letting your thumb Dada
all right mommy chard here film you have
to change this light long come help me
come help me help me help me help me now
mama Todd heaven now our uh our light
went out we're gonna replace it a hole
in our Pleasant hi you're so hot ah
anyways um okay me and mommy were just
talking about something interesting I've
had a generation a generation difference
called recycling no wait hold up hold up
we don't want to look keep going on oh I
can't be electrocuted
yes can I um when I was a kid
whoa Nelly Furtado we made my little
brother used to recycle cans for money
we would uh would go to the golf course
I would get beer cans and just like all
the poppies to drink when we go I say
pop you guys say soda
I say pilot box or the path what do you
guys say
I say pop horizon I've always said pop
too but then I got some friends on my
face and they're like what's pop soda
pop soda pop pop rocks pop that's Justin
Timberlake some candy bouncing hard
anyways um me and my brother we've got
these big bins and we stall ways try to
find cans so we could recycle them so we
could go make money we would take it
down to the recycling
please dad I have to put it back up here
ya know for helpin though they would pay
us I can't rumbling I like just a couple
cents again yeah we'll know is it per
pound I'm like Oh dollar a pound or
something I think I remember the most we
ever made was like 200 bucks oh well I
mean we like turn it on you mean that's
like oh right like it was like six
months and we would like worked our
butts off don't smash the cans into like
small like would smash them so we could
fit more in but that was fun
but yeah we made like two bucks anyways
me and mommy tart cuz sometimes just
said hey does this go in the garbage or
the recycling and that's the difference
is it back then you didn't really have
recycling bins where now they come
anyways yeah I didn't when I was a kid I
always started recycling leave it on
leave the light on
anyways that nice little difference of
his flavors anyway so I thought I don't
know how long have you been recycling we
have only started really recycling for
the last year and a half of our lives
honey yeah biggest barely you know in
Idaho yeah we're we're broke up we had a
recycling bin well they had it but they
don't have like a curbside or a sec yeah
you could take it to a recycling center
but anyways I think that's a new it's a
new generational gap it's a new
generational thing where kids now will
know about recycling there's a recycling
bin in a trash bin which necessarily
wasn't around when I was growing up so
some tard you and you alone can save the
environment good luck on the streets of
LA hahahaha
