are you so mad that Giants are losing
you feeling better
you feeling better I love you love you
love you hey guys baby turn her football
addiction serious it's starting to get
bad we might have to take her to rehab
ah good morning oh what a beautiful day
here in sunny Southern California
palm trees he's probably a perfect 65
degrees ish anyways what's going on
today is baby's heart is kind of sick
this morning she vomited a little bit
it's kind of filling fluish and so mom
took the other kids to church and me as
the sacrificing dad that I am I said
honey I'll stay home with baby's heart
I'll stay home and just make sure if
she's okay make sure that she doesn't
get any sicker and and we'll just watch
football together and she said honey
thanks for taking one for the team I
said you're welcome
so anyways me and baby tart are just
sitting here waiting for the Packers
Vikings game to start and I'm behind a
day I realized I'm behind the day again
I don't know how this happened actually
I do know how it happened
filming zombies I got a bunch of
behind-the-scenes footage that night
we're filming it's for a part that it
hasn't even been uploaded yet and all
that footage I was supposed to use for
later when it uploaded cuz we're gonna
put we're gonna put it on crackle comm
and I was going to use all that footage
to help promote that it was gonna be on
crackle anyways it fell through and so
that's I realized that's how I'm now
behind a day again like last night was
Halloween
and I uploaded it like it was to the
30th so I'm behind again you guys
understand I think I'm just gonna upload
this like a one taker a one taker and
then get back on track
tomorrow I'll just record after I'm done
with this I'll record the rest of this
today I'll make a video for tomorrow and
we should be back on track so I'm not
uploading at 3 in the morning like last
night thanks YouTube these are great I
uploaded it four times last night and it
I started it like eight it should have
been up at like 9:30 but it never would
process and finally at 3:00 in the
morning it came up comer what are you
doing buddy say hi say hi everybody
he's over the fence what do you see
anyway so um I'll just upload this now
we'll get caught up for tomorrow um what
up doesn't talk about that's it I think
yeah I think that's it thank you guys
for watching last night the video
yesterday I was like really tired not
really not totally tired but some of you
are like she you take these vlogs for
granted you have the greatest life in
the world you're right I know that the
beautiful wife three healthy children
I live in sunny California smells like
pollution and debt a little aftershave
of Arnold Schwarzenegger yeah anyways so
I love you guys I appreciate you guys
watching these sometimes I ask myself
why do people watch these and how did I
get so lucky so thank you thank you
thank you I'm trying to stay committed
and getting you guys videos every day I
love doing it I really do I would not
rather do anything else than what I'm
doing so so they've been tarts doing OH
say her blue 98 ran for you you're right
cutie
okay so uh love you guys see you
tomorrow bye
