what are you doing princess start 10
points don't you hate when obnoxious
people come to restaurants their kids
are screaming at each other I know we
have to go clean that up I always I
always have to leave a bigger tip
because I feel like we leave a giant
mess so I was tipped like $3.00 more
than I normally would just for them
happening to put up with these brats
look take my lemonade here you want a
drink or a drink of my lemonade that
delicious delicious
Mary yesterday let me see that
there's like five oh where are we this
is I'm pretty impressed actually they
said they did this while we're at our
church and they have a Halloween
Carnival and we're in this big paper
cave it's pretty impressive that's
nothing
this is the haunted house person than
state Dia de los Muertos
what put your hat on
sup guys I forgot to a film last night
at the party I told you that's gonna
show you everybody's costumes but after
I said that I just went and started
talking about the party and I didn't
tell it anything so I'm sorry wasn't
that cool just kidding Kassem had a
really funny costume Nicky won he won
the night he OSI Lady Gaga dailybooth
yeah from the VMAs which were that
Redleaf it's pretty funny anyway so now
earnest to the Halloween party for the
kids and they're gonna do some eight
walks and some spider tosses and some
other stuff it's gonna be super duper
exciting ready now you got your hat
there you go dance shake it
we did it whoo that's scary
what are we doing I bet they just look
gorgeous we're back from the
trunk-or-treat Halloween festival I'm
exhausted
today's video I don't think I filmed
very much I'm just gonna keep it short
kay guys I'm so tired and all I want to
do right now is lie on the couch and
have mommy tartar rub my feet and maybe
I don't know make me slice cream
homemade how about a Snickers bar no I'm
trying to quit
only steaks for me anyways happy
Halloween everybody sorry today's video
sucked just tired you know like I need a
break from the internet but when you
have to upload videos every day
okay yes yes tomorrow I'm gonna be here
tomorrow it's gonna be great you know
what I'm looking forward tomorrow is the
Vikings
Packers game that's exciting I'm I'm
rooting for Brett Favre oh sorry if you
guys are Packers fans I love the Packers
I'll just hide anyway some be a great
game I'm excited if you don't care about
football
then there's cheerleaders I don't know
okay see you guys tomorrow bye
