rictus card he looks pretty nice baby
tard your outfit on where's your hot we
got it
where are we going we're going to Sun
tarred school parade you guys remember
that as being kids get to dress up
they're really strict can't have any
weapons of any sort no masks and no face
paint you can have minimal face paint I
remember when I went to school I was
like a ninja I was a ninja with all
black face paint with a black hood on
and two swords totally remember that was
awesome
anyways we're going to the parade now
son towards a pirate we couldn't bring
his hook or his sword with him we
brought in a compass how lame is that
lame is pirate ever young fun richest
hard
just here at the school
sometimes a pirate center I
you have a beer don't you it's this good
the pepper
yeah
what's his song who you gonna call
ghostbusters ghostbusters who you gonna
call ghostbusters you're gonna go asleep
after you ate your doughnut you ate all
the chocolate I hear donut and you're
done with it
hey maybe tard I in Freight or no ghosts
meeting your cookies we got him at the
bake sale to freaking rip off a dollar
first tiny cookie are they trying to
raise money for something or something
or something or something what a hoax
freakin find cheaper cookies a lot of
places
I don't need your precious bake sale get
cookie for a dollar
Ange is joking hi
okay let's see your full costume look at
those shoes give us a little dance do
the running man I don't know
looking good pirate beard are looks good
press the starlet's see so beautiful we
Sleeping Beauty we forgot her hat oh you
are pretty and I fill me fill me come
are those pumps pumps yo yo I'm
basically dressed up as ugly that's what
I am if you say what are you dressed up
as it's ugly
that's it turn you look so pretty look
at that dress let's see your face this
is the first time baby tour we're a
little bit makeup shoot a little bit of
blush on so pretty here fill me some
daddy hold it up and look at me see the
camera hold it up to Daddy
see me through here see that little
screen look look at me hold it up hold
it up
like that pull it like that see me see
me hold it up had a little accident
there a little tumble to the floor but
we're okay let's see secure our mateys
our dude is this a pole to put my Reebok
pumps on I think it is what up alright
okay so here at Phil's party and I'm
gonna film everybody's costumes I can't
it's really dark here but I gotta get
this video up right now sorry it's kind
of a shorter one I think it is I camera
how much I've come today but this is how
committed I am to you guys I'm here at
the party might be kind of rude of me
I'm here at the party and I'm going to
I'm here in Phil's office to upload this
video so I'll try to get everybody in
their costumes you guys got to see
Kasim's it's hilarious I'll try to get
it on camera anyways go watch you guys
haven't seen it yet go out to my new
shaycarl video I'll put a link in the
sidebar
and that's a new one trick-or-treating
collab with iJustine and Casson G
anyways here's the monkey and Phil's
office and cute that's all that mattered
to me today you just filled in he's want
to see a sneak peak of Phil's office
this right does all his magic there's
his desk there's all those computers
it's a snowball mic and that's a monkey
and and that's a bomb on ok see you guys
tomorrow
happy Halloween
