hi I'm vlogging here good morning
Internet how's it going it's not morning
it's 111 in the afternoon I didn't get
up pretty early today though I got up at
9:45
is Maya I used to get up at 5:45 how
long ago two years ago two years ago I
used to get for 5:45 every day sometimes
earlier I just go to the gym work out
the mornings can you believe that now if
I get up before 10:00 it's early I like
it better this way though hey princess
tarde what's going on how was school
did you pick any fights
I'm excited the bumpkin you're excited
to see it oh wait cool I'm excited to
eat it she's telling me about it all
week
this cake creeps me out a little bit
yeah hey I'm just selling ice cream here
boys and girls look
oh snap a Lilly ding-dong it's so fun
that crepe paper yeah
yeah it's like tissue paper is it edible
purchased or can you eat it it was the
point thing you can eat it stupid
Halloween lame all Halloween art
projects should be edible that's a new
law in the in the land of Chez topia
that's the new law all Halloween
projects and Christmas projects should
be edible turn around get your seatbelt
on get it on
totally was smack in the fatty tissue of
your rear end
get your seagull the hunk mm-hmm we're
coming here to the goodwill to try to
find some costumes for me and mommy I
just can't justify going to the
Halloween store and spending like 50
bucks I'm gonna find something put it
together here at the goodwill donation
center
hopefully they'll donate me a hat
costume you want to get those sizes I
couldn't find maybe tard for a minute
and I was like oh crap we lost baby tard
and I came over here and I see these
little shoes sitting here I'm like all
right look for a baby and some other
shoes and she has these loved cute you
dancin dicta dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
dah dah dance the night away gonna talk
dance the night away she's dancing the
night away she's loving it that lady was
looking at me right I like this shut up
I'm talking to ya shut up that song I
just wanna moshed I want to I want to be
in a mosh pit to that song and I want to
have high top song it's important to
have proper footwear when moshing if you
lose a shoe in the mosh pit you are s
you are your FL elemental peed you know
I'm saying high tops high tops with the
laces tight very tightly for good ankle
support ensures a great mosh experience
anyways I just got out of the goodwill
and I am so excited for mommy tarts
outfit it's do you like it excitedly
it's gonna be funny and we're not gonna
tell you guys what it is you guys guess
it's gonna be so like every other
old it's really I think it's I think
it's great I am we're just driving and I
was just sitting here listening to music
thinking about her health just are
busting up laughing it's gonna be great
you guys will see it we're going to a
Phil's party Phil and Lindsey are having
a big Halloween party I haven't found
anything yet I'm the last one my my
shoulders are too broad right
be a fact ow son tart really got me on
that one anyways we have to find one
more costume for me but mommy tarts got
a great one it's really great okay
we are in the middle of intersection and
we're lone Los Angeles traffic it's
crazy okay we look for a thrift store
another one daddy free we've hit up at
least for now so what was what
originally it was like oh he's a little
thruster I'll find something good it's
turning into an all-day adventure
honey quit vlogging we to find a thrift
store okay seriously put them back on
that is the grossest smell I've ever
smelled look at your feet ah Sun tard I
will give you $10 if you will smell
princess tarts feet what 10 bucks you
have to put you have to put your nose in
between her toes and go like this I'll
give you 10 bucks you do it do it 10
bucks you can buy toys oh let's take
what you saw me I stick tube on my nose
you stick a ball in your nose yeah pink
baby turd princess tardy think baby part
let's play your feet baby turds smell
prince's turds feet smell her feet
seriously she has on these jelly shoes
like all day long we've been walking
around and they stank so bad every day I
was like what is that Sun chart has some
of the worst stinky feet to what I used
to wear I wear my shoes I walk around
that's gross
every day and guess what yes I guess so
stinky do you guys ever get that like
when you're in flip-flops and maybe
you're like out with some people and
you're like I think I can smell my feet
here have you ever done that you're like
I think I can smell my feet in my
flip-flops and you like nobody's looking
and you maybe take your flip-flop off
and you smell like oh it's like you're
like so self-conscious you guys ever do
that that's so gross
what are you laughing it sometimes I
think it's stinky everybody see good
stinky smell this smell it smell it I
have to smell your feet smell that smell
my shoe smell it you smell
Oh stinky does it I think it does oh
it's not too bad it's more of a leathery
Oh more of a leathery beachy Avia that's
not bad hey yeah I have nice feet and
then they lived happily ever after
smelling each other's feet Wow
