hi I'm vlogging here you said that now
tell one of our kids wants to do it okay
we're leaving clean yourself while we're
gone
this ball is crap better be cleaned up
by the time we get back in adamant
objects we're just watching a wife swap
look we got a box the heck is it is
there from Grandma tard yeah let's open
it shoe it for the kids we should wait
I love getting packages why is it on
this side of the fence they throw it
what are some key jewels nail people
here crazy yeah we got more what's this
Bed Bath and Beyond go beyond the fence
what's this Costco connections
Al Gore hey go put that up mom doesn't
have her seat belt on look for seat
belts light on HP Sam what Sam mom put
your seat belt on See Mom put it on now
we just picked up princes daughter from
school from preschool where she learned
algorithms Jeff what did you learn about
you learn how to make a puppet pumpkin
will pull we pocket that sounds Pleasant
hahaha I apologize that's right you are
gonna get it hold on what you got a what
I got from the playground message oh
that is stupendous what color is it
it's honor run hot oh you got an honor
run hot Oh piece of chalk or is it
Amarillo
I hope it's honor on hot oh I love honor
on hot Oh
yes that's common rights not just me
like we're like you're driving or
something you just like feel this like
burst of energy Prentiss card gets it I
see her doing it works I use get this
burst of energy and it's like you gotta
let it out and it has to be through like
a like a what I could scream or
something do you ever get that I get
that a lot where it's like yeah awesome
I just get all this like this burst of
like like explosion inside of me and I
just kind of like to do I don't know
sorry do any of you get that like you
kind of know times like obviously
they're the computer for a long time
like I'll be working on something on the
computer or are like some and I'll just
invite me to get up and just like scream
and freak our I don't know it's weird
maybe that's just me maybe I need
medicine
maybe medicinal purposes are necessary
for my situation
I mean certified why would you wear off
white after Labor Day
oh look at that blouse it's so hairs all
right
oh my gosh I mean oh I know ground
squirrels with more tenacity of dressing
than her Oh yowzer
where are we at we're at the body and
paint store because we need to get mom
some body and paint no you're going to
fix this little gem the Pinstripe told
me to do it was the pinstripes fault
yes we're down here at the Auto Body
graveyard there's new this is this is a
place of hope though these poor little
cars they come limping in their broken
fenders and they're scratched mufflers
and what-have-you but these doctors of
mercy bring them back to life give them
new hope for a day where they can ride
on those open roads and feel confident
once again
doctors of angel and mercy that's what
these people are you'll ride again
someday
fine lad everything's gonna be okay if
they're done with that one if they are
you guys like her new car we got a
chauffeur that's right what you guys
wanna go let's go to the strip club
Chris wait
I mean is the best little enterprise
I'll pick you up right there true
there's their statement all right we're
going to get the new car now hi
we're turnin Carlo there's vomit Arden
we gotta go we gotta go let him know and
we'll let him in we're listening to dr.
Laura dr. Laura squash winger I had a
pop the hood you like our new car son
tard I don't even know what it is you
like it we fit your bike in the trunk
it's a Chevy Malibu I know cuz mommy
wrecks the van so they're fixing it we
should take our Chevy Malibu and drive
it up to Malibu why don't you go ahead
and pick that up and throw in the back
of there and if you scratch any of that
bumper I'm gonna have to slap you in the
face okay here you hold the camera in
I'll do it I lost my jacket yes your
jackets yes yeah well every day we had
to go find it
table somebody stole it
so we stole your jacket in California I
think so that's unbelievable
like even mute a job these days all
right it fits let's take our Chevy
Malibu and go do you love our Chevy
Malibu so excited we have a Chevy Malibu
um I want to show you something cool
about the Chevy Malibu I love this Chevy
Malibu you guys gonna start thinking
this is a sponsored video here in the
Chevy Malibu there's so many features
hashtag Ford Fiesta look see this little
thing right here it's like a little
curvature in the thing see the iPhone it
fits right in there like perfectly
there's this little curve thing and you
just slide your iPhone right there I
don't think they purposely did that but
that's not my notice it's like a nice
little handy spot for my phone look see
little crown like boom Shakalaka the
Chevy Malibu so convenient
you should check one out in stores near
you that reminds me what movie is this
from Malibu Barbie that's all I'm gonna
say
I have no idea no it is this is not a
spawn I hate Chevy Malibus Chevrolet
sucks and I would never use one of that
products if you have one you're an idiot
I just want to prove to them this isn't
a sponsored video we keep saying Chevy
Malibu Chevy Malibu are you so excited
we got a Chevy Malibu
after school we're gonna go buy my class
it's a star you're psycho quit your
thumb busted okay let's go drive it in
our Chevy Malibu should just sell out
I don't like I don't like how close the
kids aren't to us I like it farther it's
gonna get really obnoxious I think
smellin shut your mouths okay here we go
Halloween superstore open 7 days what
are we gonna get what are you gonna be
what am I gonna be I have to dress up I
don't want it I don't want to dress up
I'm gonna be Blackbeard the pirate uno
like just dye my beard black what are
you gonna be Cinderella Cinderella what
are you gonna be baby tard Santer were
you gonna be I think they're gonna be
scared to see all the scary masks in
here you guys scared I don't want you
scary
okay I found my costume this is what I'm
gonna get
oh okay
a stupid people meter this is what's up
don't drink beer kids ahahaha
I'm gonna be a girl watcher oh good I'm
gonna go show mommy turn this one oh my
gosh afraid of the water
sundered daddy that's great look who we
found at the store it's a spooky costume
gonna scare your sisters gonna be nice
baby tards actually not scared
whoa that's freaky hey monster you
looking pretty hot
Oh what is it and then she has that
happy but princess is wearing it and
year what is that CDT Snow White you're
Snow White
princess turn excited Sun tarde what are
you nothing
why not because we're still getting me
costume we haven't found yours yet huh
we're gonna find a good one
cuz there's some nights you smile yeah
it's cuz you're - your shoulders are too
broad huh
you're tough you're too strong yes and I
can't get any because my shoulders are
too strong - to fit in the costume yep
yeah you guys should be a fat cow okay I
think that's what I'll be done or a
third and a why am i doing Indiana Jones
no idea okay this is just a little
preview we just got the costumes sunt
are obviously gonna be a ninja turtle
princess tart is going as a similar
wrestler so looks great guys your
costumes look really nice and baby tard
is gonna be a humpback whale oh you're
adorable you're adorable
look at you swimming around in the
Mediterranean Sea that's great okay you
guys won't open a present let's do it uh
grandma tards sent this box to you guys
for Halloween that looks like a potato
peeler cuz you're from Idaho and a
potato peeler can do just about anything
kind of like duct tape you can use in
any situation and mommy's the one that's
opening that she's so excited
right that sounds like a good excuse
what's it gonna be
hopefully it's scurvy like last year
remember kids what is it
don't even listen to any of my jokes
whoa what is it I didn't know is there
any severed limbs in there it's not sure
hope so
hold up hold up let's just pray what's
left for daddy
Rudy snacks isn't that nicer grandma
thank you what do you say well what do
you say thank you shut up you didn't get
anything hey open the card let's see
what they say
Children's Joy's enough that's all that
matters to me too all's I care about is
that my family's happy we're all gonna
die the end is near 2012 this happened
sooner than we thought everybody take
cover ah seriously shake grow up
