that's sweet the sprinklers are going
off right now but I'm just seeing if the
fix that they made last night it's
worked these sprinklers on the front
yard
you're gonna why but you're all dry and
if you run in the sprinklers I'll be
tempted to punch you in the neck Oh
choices what do you think he covers his
neck all right you're under the
sprinklers go go
this kid is fearless of water doesn't
matter what temperature it is now that
was kind of wussy kind of wussy I'm not
gonna lie to you
there's one time in Idaho where this is
probably a year ago and it was almost
winter is about this time of the year
but it was probably 40 40 degrees out it
was close enough where it could have
snow but it was raining it was coming
down are there giant puddle on the
corner of our streets like they're
cheering her ice age
oh they're embracing any way I come
outside to get my truck to go to work
and my neighbors pull up and they go hey
is that your son well son to heart is
across the street playing in a puddle
and it's it's almost snow weather out
and he's in his underwear is whitey
tighties
playing in this puddle and I looked at
in that life no not mine see ya anyways
love's loves water
let's see you really run out in there in
sprinklers so then the tire and the
sprinklers I dare you I dare you I dare
you I dare you I dare you I did baby
tard
ha ha ha
well we were about to go to the movies
but now you're all wet so I guess we
can't no I don't think that's possible
dang it that sucks cuz we're just about
to go to the movies but you're all wet
now what should we do I guess we'll go
tomorrow
what are you talking about you talking
gibberish Wow pretty shoes what well
guess what happened yesterday
I lied you're starting to comprehend way
too much Sun card baby turn what do you
want to do hey answer me what do you
want to do look at me look at me baby
turn what do you want to go do don't go
to the movies you want to go right in
the water go down to the water let's see
do it she's too scared we're gonna do
tonight it's Friday night
let's go let's go to a club go dance
let's go to a strip club let's do
something
we have fun with your family on a Friday
night yeah you're in here
this baby tired slide down
any who's this just another boring night
in the state arts
hi there baby I have a delicious sweet
treat here in front of me there's
something I can do for you what do you
want what do you want what do you say
please say please now what do you say
thank you thank you
I don't know you got one yes you guys
need to do ten push-ups each let's see
some push-ups you gotta make them work
for their treats right go three four
five six nine pushup all right okay so
I'm tired you got ten push-ups in you
give me some good ones
hey guys ready
where are we going one of the beach what
do you mean why we're going to the beach
because it's it's dark outside we're
going to the beach because we don't have
any money to do anything fun so it's
free to go to the beach get your arm
clothes on chocolate Sun cards that a
sweater on princess cards got her hoodie
on she has two pair of pants on baby
chard has at least four layers of
clothing on and shoes what do you got
there water bottle in there hey centaurs
I mean you gonna get notion you want to
should we do it yeah
all right day five yes baby are you
ready
give me five - you guys gonna be freezin
in ten minutes
hey that prince is tired and baby tired
maybe try put your hand down
sundar come here put your head up here
you can see you put your head in the red
light or you don't exist Sun towards say
hello okay
Sun turns in their Lobby cards right
there I'm right here you can't see any
of us except for these two with the red
light on the back of my bike turns out
the van is dead and so we're gonna go in
the bike I want to put all three kids in
the carriage mommy are you excited
here we go okay go ahead and express
your concern
wait come here into the light let's do
where's my cell phone come here okay
here okay hold the camera up to your
face speak I think you all know I'm
right I am the racing family but
sometimes sorry I don't have a very
large voice what does that supposed to
mean it means there's three children in
the bike courage and it all it means
what do you mean you have a large voice
me who has the largest daddy has the
largest voice no fighting in the crowded
bike carriage okay with em fun
what baby tard no sleeping wake up
Dipper
okay we're on the end of the pier and
that's the mode and these are all the
people fishing
everybody's fishing right now what a
fish we all have a fishing pole we left
him and I know that's one of those guys
if you can borrow their fishing
okay
what told me a jump you can't throw you
off Tommy it's right off the end of the
beer you sure yeah
now there's bird poop on your hand Oh
gross
you sure not to miss that on this
month's half price scooter lessons with
Scott the scoot man scooty you'll be
sure to have all your scooter needs
fulfilled
