under the big top one night only ladies
and gentlemen gather around boys and
girls animals of all ages its Cirque de
Soleil here at the Santa Monica Pier so
I just wouldn't got my bike from the
shop got a tuned up loving it I'm not
gonna say anything but you guys are
gonna start seeing me on this bike a lot
more often you're gonna be seeing me at
the pier and on this this walkway
underneath you know what every time I
come down to the ocean around my bike
down here on this boardwalk
I just think why do I come down here
more often it's so refreshing there's a
million things to look at weird people
hot chicks I mean cute puppy what was I
saying anyways this is gonna be more and
more of the daily walk because if I'm
gonna shave my beard in January I'm
gonna look like the biggest chubba
marshmallow face you've ever seen so I'm
just gonna be riding this little boy
this little bad boy I'm gonna be writing
him out here in the Sun every day I'm
not saying like oh I'm doing this big
weight-loss thing I'm not gonna say that
anymore I've said that too many times
nothing's come of it so I'm just gonna
tell you this mean you gonna be hanging
out a lot more on this bike and that
guy's probably looking at me funny
I don't care though cuz I know you guys
know what's going on
kid looks like he's seven years old kid
as seriously as tallest son tardes or
shorter and he's ripping it up in that
bowl
probably like can you think not even
that old he will be in two years
so I just talked to little man there and
he just barely turned ten years old he
said which is crazy to be that good at
ten years old I think that guy's got a
future in skateboarding I'm gonna
sponsor him hey Carl I'm gonna make a
line of shaycarl bearded elbow pads and
I'm gonna sponsor that kid he's my first
sponsoring where is he
what is it you've gotta be kidding me
where'd you guys come from that's
another one just like the one the other
day
this one else looks bigger I'm afraid of
these right above me I'm sorry I won't I
wanna do any scary spider tricks I'll
make it I'm gonna get the spray with
spiders everywhere at this house totally
crazy
hey does anybody know what kind of
spider these are no it's not a black
widow squishing no don't squish him why
Oh Joe because this pus will shoot
everywhere anyways we have these like
all over
what is that maybe tard what is it it's
hard
you give them kisses become kisses don't
squish them with the ball no leave them
alone we'll throw them in the garbage
okay okay you want to carry em k pick
them up I don't know if they're
poisonous I don't want him in our yard
though I'm sorry for all you nature
lovers but if I see my yard I'm gonna
kill him maybe tard come here you want
the M wants the spider I see a spider
okay you're going for a bike ride
that's the recycling bin let's throw him
in that one yeah
Oh okay's it means turnaround
oh go touch the ground your goal is to
be able to go and turn around that
touching the ground okay the job can go
all the way down there and turn around
he keeps going to the end and then I'll
stop it'll pick his bike up and move and
something like you get it to be able to
just turn your bike okay turn it turn it
turn turn turn keep pedaling keep
pedaling nice you go see now you don't
have to get up your bike you just turn
the job dude there's the lookie which of
the north on a tricycle from front in
front a hammer and she gets those legs
moving a hundred miles an hour and this
is our new puppy it's our new puppy in
her cage hi little puppy I like that new
hairdo you're working with yeah it's
your little baby you're putting your
baby to sleep Oh baby tard let me see
your new hairdo is that called the
comb-over I like it it's pretty what's
your mom doing
let's go holler at your mommy mommy
tarde where's she what are you doing you
know what you haven't what time what
what is mommy time
what are you doing
listen to your music yep you're
organizing your junk yeah looks like
some mommy time how exciting
come out and play with us
what are you organizing sell our stuff
all right
we saw another gigantic spider like we
saw yesterday girl song but this dog get
back here baby tard you too what are you
doing a little monkey get your butt back
here right now
mom you are
what are you singing I thought it was
yeah I guess that's a good song
you sounded so pretty hon bars I've been
a recording fool that I have recorded a
lot of stuff I think I should stop I
think I have too much footage like what
Mommy tart doesn't want me to upload
that part where she was just singing
she said that's her own private moment
and that I shouldn't upload her private
moments to the internet and I said honey
those are the best moments of all when
you didn't think anyone
I think I've recorded too much today
what do you boring you guys want to
watch you want to watch our lives you
want to watch our lives but I'll make a
45-minute video you dare me to I'll do
it I'll do it I'll make a 45-minute
video oh it takes so long take so long
okay this is all gonna be cut out I'm
not gonna use any of this this is just
crap footage I think do you know do you
laugh when you're embarrassed I think I
laugh when I'm embarrassed sometimes I
laugh yeah I think I've heard that one
so laughter is just a form of
embarrassment yeah in fact I did that
one time with some of my friends we were
driving home it was really late at night
we'd stayed up for like two days or
something and we played this game where
we're trying to stay awake and we said
okay whatever song comes on the radio
you have to sing it as good as you can
you can't there's no joking around
there's no laughing in the contest to
see who could not laugh and there's no
giggling idiot to be dead serious and
just sing the song as good as you could
knowing whatever words you knew in the
song and it really worked I think was so
tempting cos like you wanted to laugh
because you'd be singing and it was
horrible so you just wanted to break out
in laughter but we just it was it was a
really cool and I think we could only
have done it because we were so tired
but it was a cool sociological
experiment Wow it's something I don't
think you could ever do it's as well as
moments where you can only do by
yourself like you wouldn't start
necessarily laughing by yourself you're
trying to sing but with other people you
feel self-conscious anyways you guys
should try it thought that I'd see you
someday somehow baby one more time again
it's like making yourself 20 intolerable
which is hard for people cuz you start
singing and you're like I sound like
crap I should start laughing and be like
oh this is horrible on guys I dare you
guys to try to do that get with somebody
all ask me one person that would be a
real relationship test for maybe some of
your friends maybe it's a girlfriend and
just sing him just try to sing even if
you suck you really know I can't sing
try to sing pretend like nobody's around
do it with somebody else
and there's no laughing or joking around
see if you guys can do it and Darius
okay we're gonna do it
wait let's hear the song try we're gonna
try it to sing an orange on some serious
serious without way with me John said
tired snow laughing away with me and I
will you
they don't know the words that well okay
pick another one
I'm laughing I'm laughing I'm just
laughing at this entire case oh oh take
one that we know in sing the dance my
girth Brooks what are you singing
sometimes you just made it up yes you're
a songwriter you know looking back know
what the dance we share Neath the stars
above
I guess you don't very good relation tar
doesn't make it me loud laughing
wouldn't the way it all go our lives
good mr. Payne but I had two minutes
holding you I've held everything for a
moment wasn't tired King sing like no
one's listening I'd only known well the
king would fall you used to say you know
I might have changed it all and like I
didn't know the way it all would end the
way it all would go our lives are better
left to chance I could have missed the
pain but Ida had to miss
it's my life it's better left to chance
