well hello and welcome to another day
where you come with us and we film
random crap out of our daily lives
hi nice to meet you my name's CheY and
this is my wife Butthead
how you doing this morning I'm great and
here's baby Butthead in the back seat hi
she's even Anna and we have a doggy head
back there well okay okay come here
thank you jump over that seat Malka come
here okay oh I don't think I ought to do
that Shh
it seems a little risky I think I'll
just stay back here where I belong
thanks for noticing hey uh hi this is
starting to get pathetic I am
I'm tired of uploading the videos so
late at night like the last week it's
every night as like midnight they're up
they're up at midnight it's because I'm
behind we're behind a day we have never
I figured it out when we were gonna but
we never have yet when you broke your
nose we ended up uploading that footage
from that night it was like so exciting
like we're at the hospital I was tweet
and Mommy has a deviated septum no
mommy's nose is broken
no mommy's pancreatic cancer is flaring
up again that never happened that part
was minute anyways so we missed the day
before that I had footage for and you
might say we'll just upload that footage
well it's gone I don't know what
happened to it or where it went so
basically what I've been doing is
recording every day and then uploading
it that night and so by the time it's
done processing and compressing and
uploading the five ins of YouTube
filming importing editing compressing
and uploading and processing there's
sings there's six eggs of YouTube if you
want to be a youtuber you have to do the
six ins filming importing editing
compressing uploading and processing and
those six Kings literally take four
hours if I do about a ten minute video
and upload an HD quality it takes me at
least four hours to get those things
done
so maybe we got to get something up
because I'm sick of putting them up so
late I want to get him up like noon they
should I should be able to edit him the
night before and then upload him the
next day that's how I would like to do
it that's what we need to work on um
also another thing a lot of people have
been wanting hats
hey I'm vlogging here
goodness gracious baby tard you think
you've learned by now when daddy's
vlogging you shut your yapper cuz I'm
the baby tard
and I can do whatever I want everybody
just loved me
well guess would be hard I'm gonna punch
you in your nose another thing we're
think about making some shirts when do
we make sure it's we made shirts and
hats like these hats and another shirt
we had shirts that said does this make
me look fat and we did that like
literally a year and a half ago we had
like 20,000 subscribers in the shaycarl
account we made shirts and hats and we
haven't sense it seems so pompous to me
it's just like but buy a shirt with my
name on it no I don't like you that much
that's what it feels like I don't I just
feel I feel bad like saying hey buy my
shirt it just seemed you but um a lot of
you have been asking them and Plus this
is I want to make I wanna make a shirt
that says I'm not fat I'm just gravity
generous I do want to make a shirt that
says that so I'm thinking I'm gonna do
that at least maybe a baby tard shirt
that says quite on set
quiet on set she making shirt that says
quiet on set
we should yeah put your little ugly face
on it quite on set white on set no she
won't do it climb out that are you baby
turd anyway so if you guys have any
t-shirt design ideas you can send them
to me and we'll take a look at him okay
we're here to pick up my bike and Mama's
gonna go pick up princess started school
how long have I been vlogging that's
been a long this has been a long
straight through vlogs I know I know
maybe we should just upload this like as
soon as I get home I'll upload this and
then we'll film the rest of the day that
we can upload tomorrow what do you think
what do you think I think we should do
that we're gonna do that kay guys please
is that okay is it okay please okay so
I'm gonna upload this I can soon as I
get home so we can get caught up and
then I'm off film for the rest of the
day and we'll have footage I'll end it
tonight
that'll upload tomorrow at noon okay
okay we did it we did it we're gonna be
caught up I'm so excited okay
I high-five you guys you guys put your
hands up ready high-five me ready one
two no seriously don't act like you're
too cool bye honey
alright home I'll meet you there okay
love you
then we'll go to lunch or something
something that'll be awesome you just
wait you will you'll see anyways don't
act too cool put your hands up right now
put your hands up and give me five open
the hand three one two three
