morning just nine o'clock and about to
head to the zombies shoot but I'm a
little early I'm up a little early so I
come check out take a look at this new
skatepark I have a brand new skate park
over here in Venice look at her all
right anyways uh they said it's a nine
in the morning and it's already packed
there's a ton of people already here so
let's go let's go check out the local
skate scene here we go
it
there's the ocean right there and then
here's a skatepark it's actually a
little smaller than I thought it would
be I thought they might have a few more
bigger things but it's pretty cool I
mean it's it's done professionally
obviously looks really good there's a
really sweet pool right here it's like
nine foot Bert the only thing about this
place that I don't like it's like I need
to practice like I can skate a little
bit but like I wouldn't show many people
here I wouldn't want to show up and be
like I'm gonna try this now guys okay
watch me here I go I would like it if
there was nobody here so I could you
know heading practice and get a little
bit good so I don't look like a total
idiot before I start to come in here a
lot
it's kind of intimidating so many people
and there's literally like a lines of
people just watching they're walking on
the boardwalk that are just like
tourists that just come over and stand
on this bar and watch the people skate
it's pretty cool it's pretty cool pretty
cool spot so stairs stair suction right
here some rails some rails over here you
can grind you
these guys are smoking pot I just walked
by and they're rolling a doobie I should
have told him to stop
hey you kids don't do drugs this is
McGruff the Crime Dog told you once you
suck us
smoking the pot here on Venice Beach a
pretty big drop right there see what
happens at the steersman like wait
better than Iran he's just acting you
got to believe us
okay so we're almost getting shut down
fill us in why are we getting no Phyllis
in where we can shut down this is
because we let me cast immunity because
we don't have a apparently do we not but
I know we're shooting indoors yeah just
a cya guys okay let's back up yeah
what the insurance the insurances this
is the first time I've been covered by
the insurance in five years anyways the
cops came and they thought that we were
doing a porno shoot here I'm like no
it's a zombie video for youtube so we
might get shut out hopefully not it's
your fault they saw you and they're like
that guy's porno one jock no you got it
looks like that face I was gonna say
does it look like I could be a porn star
I don't think late-breaking development
what's happening well I'm going to see
you I'm gonna see you put your foot down
turn turn your neck I got this that's
great how are we gonna know which one
look up a little bit towards me
that's a thumbnail right there hey guys
wave at me ah okay wanted to blog about
okay the hillbilly who's gonna go kill
the people he gets the bigger these are
fake guns they're not real but we never
point them
reaction to them all right okay we just
had lunch nor on the after lunch part of
the zombies sheet we are free but not
off you not any like a nice hey Anthony
from Smosh what's up watch brats Rhetta
maybe I will shut off scary diamond
check out this set
look at these SWAT guys the real box
it's like a stormtrooper
got a few glasses swelling like a pirate
arrr like what am I trying to get I like
it I think it's great
this way let's get the job this way like
that
or facing your muscle forward
because I will
she's a working girl by the bus hey guys
we're behind scenes scared yeah
Hey so hanging out yes that is exactly
the look exact yeah those guys are
couple one take them to school and let
rate the really I go it's scared
all right of your life
okay you're next
oh do you want a collector that's right
do you have a permit for them no do you
have a permit you are a homosexual
anyways oh we're getting ready getting
ready to shoot the bus scene it's a lot
of fun we're having a blast good times
okay that's right that's right okay okay
what's going front of us and then
casting Jean told sexy Phil a very
important secret ah
