if you like pina colada let's go hey
guys watch my trick sweet is a hot it's
a plug dude how's it hot I'm about to
have a jousting match with this moth for
My heavens so we just picked up a via
from gymnastics training Joe Harry I
gotta get that right one interface
cheerleading le TSG oh let's go let's go
and now we're just doing some grocery
shopping gonna get some food because
apparently five kids all of them like
team action we eat oh I come in so
anyway you plant a pan for that young
man
you can't just have bites out of plums
let me see that is that your plum are
you gonna pay for right yeah we're in
the grocery store you have to pay for
things here is it some more is that hot
that is a hot it's a plug dude how's it
hot
you look very is going to tell you
something hey looks good we have to pay
for that now
Brock's over here still in qyz Rock what
are you doing you want some Kiwis you
like Kiwis hey could we get some mangos
yeah see those mangos right there those
mangos look delicious I am a big fan of
mangoes cuz I lived in the West Indies
for two years all right get some dude
throw them in the cart I like your hair
bro looks good man Colette looks cute
with their little snow boots or snow
coat all the snow fruit I like your
sparkly shoes what are you guys getting
broccoli asparagus
oh no there's what all right I remember
that joke there's some teamwork in the
mango packaging Department going on
that's the meeting after Jackson oh my
gosh dude Rena cost us a fortune and
fruit grab the plum too or the plum go
hey you got a little baby that's noshing
through his way through the fruit aisle
okay let's get things together talk to
do everything after vlog and watch the
two-year-old jinx oh I think I'll give
this to my girlfriend on may be my
Valentine did you give me a kid too
nope just the giant Rose we're good no
that's all you rock is currently doing
his best Jack impression from the movie
Titanic but on the front of a shopping
cart Brock do what you're doing
let's see how you're flying like that
Chuck maybe that's not the best analogy
anyways it's cool all right we're
shopping families getting groceries go
yep
you
let's get some ice cream mmm is that
rainbow sherbert I think it is great job
what is going on here so we have family
what is this
that means clearly not to know you guys
oh I don't know me and Baracus just
keeps on marching we got our groceries
let's go okay guys watch my trick sweet
all right let's go speaking of rainbow
sherbert ice cream I think sometimes you
just you know when you see some frosty
delicious rainbow sherbert ice cream you
got to get it I'm gonna try some of this
any fans of orange and rainbow and
strawberry and lime sherbert ice cream
look at that uh-huh you don't like this
stuff I think this is really good only
have a little bit of this rock miss you
do some curls with us go few curls lift
him one two three four old broad baller
careful or you're right who is this the
danger zone highway to the danger zone
let's see okay do curls ladies go one
push presses two impressive danger zone
okay I'll stop uh-oh Bagheera you're oh
look at all those cats if you need to go
feed those cats they're hungry look at
them ready to be paired yes ma'am okay
you guys I gotta tell you I gotta be
honest one of my favorite things to do
when I come home this is addicting when
I come home from editing or whatever I'm
doing I want to get on this and
sometimes I do it in the morning to wake
me up you know how sometimes when you
first wake up and your feet are really
sore and you're just like I don't know
you're kind of like just struggling to
get your brain up and going if
I get on this thing and just scoot
around it kind of like wakes my brain up
it's weird that make sense I don't know
anyways I like to write it it's fun and
I have fallen numerous times I almost
fell trying to carry clip the other day
we need to be careful I know and they
don't let in fire hopefully they don't
let on fire but we don't plug him in at
nights but there's so much fun if you
have one of these you know you can only
appreciate it once you try it
shout out to yo auntie for the shoes
which by the way did you know that he's
the featured creator at tricks and calm
this month for creators by creators Jana
tricks and calm we're going to have a
featured creator every month you could
be the next featured creator at tricks
and calm go check out yo auntie he made
a sweet trixin video and he is the
featured creator of the month at
drugs.com
and he also gave me these shoes thank
you it whoop oh here we go we rollin we
rollin I challenge you to a hoverboard
duel are you up for it well I do
we should get real like jousting sticks
you want to play that game can you play
that funky music white boy hey white boy
can you play that funky music play that
funky music white boy
get real job some stick your mom never
approves of any of my great ideas hey
get some brooms and mops atta boy there
you go now you're thinking yeah there
you go one for each done turn it on do
not wash Amy right now woman I'm about
to have a jousting match with this moth
all right how are we gonna do this dude
just like oh jeez like that huh yeah
we're all ready yes I did
9:7 oh wait I think here's I think
whoever knocks the other dude off of
this thing did I catch me I am stood up
man
Jackson is in a mood and what a cheese
knife educated Hey look check out Bronx
wanna try one of the coconuts yeah we're
gonna we got some coconuts we want to
try some coconut I wanna Rockefeller is
company - I know all right
I'm ashamed that I don't know how to do
this better because I lived in the West
Indies for two years and I saw a lot of
dudes open coconuts never aah - oh
goodness sharp object flying around
hold this will you hold this all right
pull it tight ready okay let's drop Oh
Oh straw hat straw let me see - there
you go
norm the children do the music if you
like pina colada I love how you have
your pinkie up right now it loves you in
the ring
I just enjoy my moment I got it open so
easily that straw slid in and it's so
good pina colada
do you like it it's a little watery it's
not as coconutty as I thought you don't
like ethnic okay it's an acquired taste
I try it please I love it ok do you
think it's good right
that's fresh coconut water right there
very fresh but then apply the butter oh
jeez
alright I guess I lose I felt I don't
get it get it dude don't hit your hand
though be very careful not to whack your
finger here you haven't tried oh sorry
did try what do you think okay here did
you get it through there let me assist
Oh My heavens dachshund can you believe
this commotion do you have a spoon all
right good and here's the ice-cream
section over here it's super hard yeah
it's actually hard you guys want me to
do it remember when I did it in like
three seconds and then it cooled dance
to music that I choreographed guess you
got to learn yourself you haven't dude
it good you should at least twice a day
or it's not healthy for you hey buddy
come one no Jess let me do it come on me
now I am good to drive me crazy is here
hold this give me another straw and take
you up the music again I'm about to make
I'm about to take you to the beach ready
Oh
boom-shaka-laka give me the straw
welcome to paradise
drink it so good buh-buh-buh-buh oh my
gosh again laughing whoa is somebody
going snowboarding cool look at those
you could walk on the moon with those
things
nice boot you're too big Avia cruising
around did you just call him a brat
you know the dolls a girl yeah it's like
when those Bratz dolls
all right we're playing hockey with the
mops that's the last thing that we're
gonna try to do to wreck the house
do you have your stick oh yes a ball AV
yeah he's over here
boot time with bra boot time a bra kick
kick a hex kids move time with bro
boot time with Brock hockey time with
kids boot time with Brock wants hockey
time with kids
Hecky the egg cake ice cream ice cream
it's boot time hockey time ice cream ice
cream boot time half the time and any
little first GU first time oh no we got
a mad hockey game coming here what's the
score Brock's the goalie booted out of
there Brock boot out air kick it kick it
Butera boots are tough you guys have to
try to get it past Brock with the mop
brought don't let him get it past you
Brock watch the ball kick it out of
there kick it out of there Brock yeah
both yu-san Brock keep your eye on the
ball Brock don't let Gavin get it by
yeah kick it out of there Oh get up get
up don't let him get it kick it out of
there Brock don't let get it clear it
clear kick hard
attaboy
dude you're killing it man I'm so proud
of you don't let I'm gonna bite you you
guys you're five your little Oh Gavin
from the corner get to buy them up and
then gets ran over I'm okay you're right
Daxton your big brother just got ran
over with a hover will and you're over
here being a baby about something what's
the deal all right let's go to the bed I
guess we'll see you guys tomorrow huh
don't forget to get your vitamin C and
click on a video see you tomorrow
ha ha ha dude we've uploaded a vlog
three days in a row can you believe it
holla three days in a row three days in
a row hi-ho the derry-o three days in a
row yo what'd you say yo Dawg yo I said
hi-ho the dairy-oh three days at hi hold
of audio oh you did it's a new song your
way be written by me playing your lyrics
were legit - legit wait somebody did
that one already hi ho the vlog yo it's
three days in a row legit too legit to
quit
hey we've uploaded three shades our
vlogs in a row that's like some kind of
record who has the record for that by
the way is that record
Charles is a light day 27 other amazing
let's try to beat him or a day three you
guys think we can do it nah nope okay
thanks for watching thanks for hanging
out our family for a short a period of
time it's about just like that all the
time you know those like 13 14 minutes
you guys just watch that's like how it
is all the time fun cool hilarious you
know we are always cool and hilarious
that's actually the best 14 minutes so
we could squeeze out of this family all
right we'll see you guys tomorrow thanks
for watching and click on yesterday's
vlog I hope you guys checked out the
shayloss fact that fat kid challenge did
you guys see yesterday's my mom and dad
worked out with us and my mom printed
out notes now I know where you get your
funny frog you guys gotta go watch
shayloss the when we put up today she
like had these notes
cute I was being she's being funny okay
uh is that it babe last words the more
out of here what do you got to say I
just thought I appreciate all you guys
thanks for watching hi oh the vlog you
it's three days in a row click on a
video bye
