alright hey you guys so Shay has been at
the zombie station shoot all day like
almost 12 hours now and he is not able
to get his video so I am going to one-up
him I hope it's okay I didn't make up on
yadda yadda blah blah blah but yeah
we're having a pretty good day here so
Center I'm gonna be watching again
promote it's called super nanny super
nanny yeah and are the kids good I'm
super nanny no they're being so bad it's
horrible
and we like to watch the show but every
time we watch it I'm just like appalled
that some of the kids that you know like
swear and stuff with their moms and
stuff anyway uh I kind of like it though
cuz when the kids watch it they always
are so sweet to me afterwards it's
really cute
so anyway what did we do today son turn
I think he's like I need to tell you
more we went to the park and I stubbed
my toe
he there's a big cut right under there
but I'm not gonna show it to you that
would be gross
but I stepped my toe so I'm
accident-prone this week I don't know
what's going on if you follow me on
Twitter I took a picture of what I
stepped it on so if you carry you
through the look okay which are not just
a minute let's see what the girls are
doing
but in that debris they're watching the
kids movie with the motorcycle swept oh
yeah yeah this is what else we found
today on our way to the park come in
here let's let's fine get into the light
so everyone can see it
this is what we have living in our tree
and our house are a bunch of these
spiders originally there was a bunch of
black widows that we found as well but
we found a few of these I can't see it
very well on this camera but it's
gigantic it's all bundled up in a ball
right now do you want me to shake it so
I know I don't think that will make him
move if you shake it okay yeah I don't
think that oh can you see him I can't
see him very well
anyway he looks like a giant cat face to
me but I don't know what it is it's just
really big and freaky looking here okay
okay this is gonna be one take so if
it's really jumping anyway that's our
spider turd
so okay well I'm gonna go butshe will
will have a video up tomorrow with
probably some of the zombie stuff
