what up beautiful mommy watch up utiful
eggs I need to learn the real awards
that some got all the candles from the
power going out that we're keeping all
our emergency candles up there I stayed
up on that why do I do this to myself I
started watching grizzly man that was my
downfall he's ever seen that the dude
who lived in Alaska for like ten summers
this bears ate him crazy stuff man yeah
there's a wolf man or I think I don't
know crazy stuff crazy stuff anyways you
ever do that start watching TV and then
I'll study look out the window and
you're like whoa what's going on here am
I going crazy or is that the Sun coming
up oh I don't think so mr. television
you did not just suck out nine hours of
my life yes are you doing the ghost
so centaur has to bring something today
to school that starts with a G and we're
looking all over the house thing and
what starts with the G and turns out we
don't have a giraffe Malakai doesn't
count for that so you got a ghost and
not only is it a ghost but what color is
it
that's right double word score some tire
Utes the green ghost good job dude maybe
tard to going over her books before work
she is a financial analysis and she
basically thinks she's better than
everybody you think you're better than
everybody I'm right here you come and
get it you want some of this step up to
the plate slugger
cuz I'll take you all day long huh would
some of this you know where to find it
you better not so uh mommy's gonna take
care of the kids all day and clean the
house
I'll price sleep and I'll upload this
video tonight around midnight when I
wake up by two boys don't kiss if your
sisters kiss goodbye baby turn D thumb
the mouth immediately thank you be good
at school remember what I told you only
double down on 11:00 all right good luck
send advice sound advice
oh hi driving um some of these trees are
crazy there look at the palm trees look
at him I was actually looking at your
mullet we need to cut yeah what do you
mean we can hunt it long yeah so what do
you think about this balloon boy people
are saying that it was staged and I know
what you guys want you just want my
opinion don't you that's why you come
here and and I know that's a popular
thing people are like I love opinions I
like to hear what other people think
about politics and religion you know I
mean that's that's a major source of
entertainment for people they want to
know what people think about certain
situations so I'm gonna tell you what I
think about this is my phone
I feel like there's a lot of haters out
there and I feel like there's a lot of
haters that are people who don't like
haters who are being haters you hear me
you hear me dog straight trip and this
is straight talk straight talking
straight Karl if it is staged well then
huh that's pretty stupid and crazy but
do we know what it's staged no why do
people say it's tears I think this is
the only reason one because the dad's
kind of crazy and two because the
six-year-old said I thought we were
doing it for the show we'll trust me I
got three kids
they say random pointless stuff
sometimes when you're like what are you
talking about why would you think that
wait that doesn't make sense what do you
why are you saying that so I can I mean
it's a six-year-old kid he's had this
giant hectic day there's cameras
everywhere Wolf Blitzer is interviewing
him via satellite and they take
something the six-year-old kid mumbles
to be this giant scandal that these
parents planned
I mean if so this guy needs to get in
Hollywood because that was probably one
of the best acting jobs I've ever seen
anyway so I just think sure these
parents are kind of crazy they take
their kids out and in hurricanes he's a
storm chaser P what I say I pictured a
lot of people out there which they had
those kind of parents kids that are
getting molested child abuse you know
physical abuse mental abuse from their
parents these parents obviously love
their kids and do stuff with them all
the time they have a mom and a dad so
it's like the forever is like oh this
family's so stupid I just say hakuna
matata just a little bit um also this
just in I'm hungry
go to Denny's and now for more news
what's up like going I don't know I've
been around anyway so I don't know what
do you guys think
I say lay off the family a little bit if
anybody is to blame here it's the press
it's the media like
how long are we gonna talk about this or
I'm not hoping it I'm perpetuating the
situation right now by talking about it
so just a little it's I say just go easy
on people sometimes just like be soft
softer putting your fingers so quick you
quit putting your fingers this fingers
okay to point because I cuz I'm pointing
it I need to go home go to bed that is
what is I think most obvious in this
situation okay let's go ladies what are
we doing yeah what are you doing maybe
tired
oh watermelon eating one of them this we
have a lovely spread of watermelon
cheese and me and crackers and peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches that
Princess hard made for us so we were to
start here having a picnic it's a
beautiful day today it's been really
rainy lately which I love I mean I can't
complain about having rain here in
California so yeah we're just enjoying
the weather and having a beautiful day
you make a sandwich crackers and
crackers and lunch meat
damnit I love she manages this is what
baby dirt does she eats half of the
watermelon and then she doesn't want to
eat it anymore she's the best part the
center and then she's done and then
she's got another piece what's that a
seed oh thank you
I'm gonna plant it will grow our own
watermelon too much peanut butter jelly
hey I am I'm awake now it's 2:30 in the
afternoon so I got a couple hours to
sleep and got a new van look at this mom
Osito fed 11 passengers and this and
this mack daddy this is gonna be the van
that we're gonna use for our big zombie
shoot for the station and so we just
wouldn't rented it and we're gonna stuff
bunch of zombies and stuff in here so it
should be exciting now I get to try to
find a place to park this monster along
the street so I don't know where I'm
gonna put it but I'm basically just
looking for a parking spot for this
ginormous monstrosity look there's
another one move your big white beds
like a park there jaymund anyways this
ought to be interesting
okay there what are we doing do a little
shopping how much how much stuff are we
getting a little bit or a lot of bit no
way
we have four carts totally cool
turn back 1,200 1,200
I'm gonna say $750 you guys guess I'm
going to show you what we have sorry
sorry I'm just blogging you know me
crazy oldest Jay I'll show you what we
got and you guys guess how much it's
gonna cost we're at Costco so we got big
thing of paper plates this is for the
station we have to feed 60 people for
two days so basically we have to feed
120 people almost like three meals a day
but it's mostly just like snap kind of
stuff anyways a lot of drinks and fruit
coffee stuff that plates here that's
some vegetable trays redbull a lot of
muffins big box of cookies but this car
it's a lot of great napkins ton of water
got coke Gatorades bread bagels so four
giant Costco carts full of stuff what do
you guys think how much is gonna cost
you've seen what nine fifty I'm saying
seven seven 25 wait till we get up there
we'll see you again okay here's your
final look for your guesstimate on the
price okay so what's your guess six
hundred even he changed years now I
wanted to change mine I said he said
five hundred now I'm okay hold on five
six hundred I'm a bigger probably closer
to six six hundred and you changing
yours again no 950 Lisa okay so here is
what we gettin done over budget a little
bit
you guys better rate this video
five-star budget was suppose to be 400
for food yeah 400 food this is just as
snacks and stuff to buy meals two meals
a day for my meals yeah we're hungry
okay so these cart
it's full of pop fruit
juice bread redbull chips Gatorade this
is full of vegetables muffins all that
stuff so four carts I'm gonna say I'm
gonna say 675 dollars
675 one dollar Bob 704 hi she's trying
to sign her up for Costco cards she
remembers I don't what are you signing
them up okay so the total is 710 we had
a bet on how much it was gonna be but
there's 160 dollars before that so
that's eight hundred and sixty dollars
were you guys right were you right help
you were 860 okay so did she get you to
sign up no white relentless good he's a
good salesperson
he weighs eight hundred and sixty bucks
I think Derek actually won he was the
closest and it would shamed of that fact
I now have to try to fit all this stuff
in the back of this van already the
water is taking up a ton of space so
we're gonna stack all the all the goods
in the back of the truck what are you
doing
are you just put it on the table so
guess he was sleeping
is that is that a quadruple stacker
peanut butter and jelly sandwich nice
you made that way yourself baby tard is
that yummy hey hey what do you make him
for lunch you make a peanut butter and
jelly Bieber jelly
quiet on set the princess start Aiko is
is doing art projects what are you
making now a present awesome for Mom why
don't I ever get up right that's more
like it
I like to hear that see it's only half
yours loser
