yeah
so mommy decided to run into a UPS truck
yesterday yay she thought she thought
you know what this van needs a pinstripe
she thought she would give it one just
on the entire right side that looks good
mommy great fashion choice you made
we call her deviated septum her name is
not mom anymore
good one deviated septum way to record
new van I'm still a TARDIS you're a
deviated septum tarde
oh she's wreck our van break her nose
tard
and she's to go get a crown planner
tooth today she's bad luck I just woke
up I just had the craziest dream I just
dreamed that an airplane crashed into
the marina so weird cuz like everyone is
freaking out and then it crashed into
the water but then I already just
started playing like every sort of
swimming like oh this is fun like I like
ran and jumped in the water and I some
reason I jumped on these people boat
like I got on this on their boat with
them and then they even started
waterskiing and stuff and I was like
fired hey why are you guys plane just
crashed in the ocean weird they
explained those dreams and it was like
Air Force one it looked exactly like Air
Force One but nobody was acting like it
was Air Force one I don't know what does
that mean does that mean the Obama
administration is failing to live up I
don't know it was a weird dream
and then I dreamed that we were walking
by and I saw myself these kids were
watching me on a TV and I could hear my
voice but I think that's because you
were watching one of our videos trying
to interpret these dreams I don't know I
don't know I'm freaking out and then I
thought I had a dream that Mommy wrecked
our new van I know all this crazy stuff
battery's gonna wake up and I'm not
gonna be overweight I'm not gonna have
this hideous B
and I'm not gonna have these ugly
children stop sucking your thumb Oh
busted busted that is cute it definitely
is the taking princess started to school
bye have fun at school
let's see oh cool it's the cat black cat
all right be good at school
don't beat anybody up no fights
no drug dealing all right maybe a little
bit maybe charter you sad you don't get
to go to school and you said you don't
get to go to school you have to stay
with mom and dad all day and be bored at
home I love you I love you why don't sit
quiet on set and now what we're gonna do
a third day cuz I'm gonna go rent the
movie tombstone because we watched Wyatt
Earp last night if he doesn't know the
story of Wyatt Earp he lived since till
he was 80 years old and was never grazed
by even one bullet and it was like in
one of the most famous gun shoots of all
time to fight at the OK Corral and the
Wyatt Earp with Kevin Costner was good
but I liked the tombstone version better
so I'm gonna go rent that and I'm gonna
watch it without commercials took us
like six hours watch that movie
yesterday there's commercial every 20
seconds it seemed like Cameron lorentz
movie came out me-tard okay I don't know
why does that matter
it's not rated R cuz we watch the other
one at home because it was all bleeped
out probably done well it's just it's
just for violence so it's okay right
there's no okay there's no sex honey
this is a true story it's a documented
story we have to watch that's why we
need to know our history because
violence doesn't matter I thought it was
video games video games should be rated
are they are they rated M for Mature
have them all tied up on a rope by
literally there was no they were they
were hogtied they were hogtied I saw the
Spartan off there's a long rope and one
teacher had one end and the other
teacher had the other end and all these
little kids were tied to your other
septum would you just give me it back
it's not your glass I scream and say is
it a little bit because every time I
watch any of the videos from the past
couple days I'm like you're getting less
less less ugly by the day job hey what's
your question okay
I keep watching the videos and I look at
myself I'm like a lot of you say that
you think mommy turns pregnant doesn't
mean it's me don't have me my friend you
know don't you guys have any manners
food do you think what you say is you
just say mommy tard looks like you're
becoming a fat lard just don't ask her
if she's pregnant me look fat and I need
to go to the gym yeah be honest okay
question though um you guys think I
should cut my hair no no like chop it
off like really short but like maybe
I'll pass my shoulders and like layer it
a little bit what do you think nope
just some opinions cuz I already know
what she'll opinion is I like long she's
had it her hair's been that long first
seven years love it we'll have been
married seven years in January and her
hair's pretty much been the same she's
she's she's dyed it a few times no big
deal
well that light was Green that's crazy
anyways what do you think
what's the matter turd baby once you
stop sucking your thumb before I cut it
off let it not girl
okay ladies work it work it
let me see sass I need to see some
sassafras look sassy mmm yes there you
go this is great footage work those hips
baby tar where's that purse
let's see some per section cute shoes is
it going yeah hey guys straight Carl
here we're in the western section look
western
excited he's a very crave a movie like
I've been I want to see this now so
about after watching Wyatt Earp last
night I want to see this so bad it is
rated R for strong Western violence a
lot of gun shooting does that make it
okay no but I justify it in the sense
that maybe dad this really happened this
is a true character where did she go
babe it's hard I'm trying to vlog oh
brother he works here you come here
alright anyways it always it always
makes me think did they were they as
notorious and famous back then as they
are now like names like Billy the Kid
Wyatt Erb Jesse James you know Nemean
like did they realize back then that
they would be hundreds of years later
that'd be legends and how many of the
stories that you hear about them are
embellished hiking movies like this but
it's always interesting so I'm excited
to see this
okay one more time
Amelia Earhart we're here in this new
room about to read iron zombies script
something familiar Earhart would say
come on
daddy I love blue boy I'm flying away
with him
