how do you like the rain what are you
doing
that water's yellow there's bird pee in
that water see let's see how it's
getting all foamy
yeah that's bird pee I won't even touch
it that's gross you want to drink bird
pee that's what that water is because
the birds pee on the roof and the rains
washing the bird pee onto the ground if
you look at the yellow and foamy you let
it got in your head
ooh princess tart don't touch Sun tart
he has bird pee on his head don't do it
that is so gross raining out here
alright let's see yeah bird pee bird pee
on your head oh you smell it that's
nasty
finally it's raining here it's nice like
it smells clean and fresh fresh it's
clean
we're making meatloaf
I'm just stuck in the tire what are you
doing
we have water for you inside you like
the rain water apparently out of the
bike tire there it is this is what we're
gonna be doing our live shows lisanova
decorating extraordinaire this is gonna
be a chalkboard wall that couch I love
it hello looks great
oh yeah bean bags so we here live at the
station I wonder how many perverted
things are gonna be written on that wall
Kassem and then here's the other office
yeah but it's gonna look sweet this is
just the beginning touches okay so the
power just went out in our house it
rains there is very little in LA but
apparently if it rains at all then it's
just too much to handle so the power has
to go out so I'm buying candles to light
up the house find some candles but all I
can find is these Glade French vanilla
candles they're two for five dollars
which is expensive so I'm trying to find
me some just cheap candles and I'm
thinking about getting some of this
charcoal lighter fluid we'll just pour
that on the counter and light it up that
should bring some light to the room
right anyway so uh it's been it's been
interesting day with the power going out
I'm gonna get some matches
but now the power is gone out 20 fire
wait fire from that
I'm gonna buy all the matches their ice
for everybody comes and buys them we're
gonna bargain skidding radio a seance
how many do I have one two three four
five six seven
I thought seven candles would do enough
but it hasn't so baby tarts still awake
and pretty stars who ate and mommy's
awake
I bought cookies and candles at the
store
and I thought seven candles would be
enough but it's not giving off that much
light so good thing we still have the
battery of the flip cam to light our
faces
oops dang it well you know we needed a
candle lit on aisle three candle lit on
aisle three anyways you need you see me
can you see me through the screen okay
so we're just hanging out it's 10:30 at
night and there's no power there's no
power so that's why I have to be
prepared and we have candles and cookies
and that's all that matters we don't
even have internet connection except for
the 3G through our iPhones and we want
our iPhones the last as long as possible
because we don't know how long okay
never mind we're okay oh there's text
message gotta go let's hear what Kyle
you pour this wax in here no okay thanks
all right so um we have reverted to the
ways of the caveman baby tarde stop
sucking your thumb
they were tard stop it she's not
listening to me she's really scared
mommy has the green Google Lantern Oh
scary son tards asleep he's gonna miss
all of this worst Wars Malachi what's
Malachi doing princess tart is burning a
stick in the fire and holding a candle
she will probably only receive
third-degree burns tonight baby tart
look at me Hey
stop sucking your thumb so high I like
fire I like fire No
so the powers been out for like 45
minutes to an hour ish now that's fun
it's I like it it's brought us together
it's turned off the TV it's turned off
the internet and now we're just here
around the fire talking and it's cool
baby turns got the green ghost princess
start has a candle the power what do you
want to talk about with the green ghost
the green ghost princess start has a
candle and she's burning stick can you
hear that
but I told her it's bird pee
okay so you guys probably can't see us
cuz it's tart but the it sounds like a
horse is urinating it sounds like a
horse is urinating in our front yard
because of the rain gutter listen to
this just listen yep that's a horse
that's the horse urinating in our front
yard or just our rain gutter still
raining we're not as much fun as we can
until our iPhones die no we're listening
to music I'm tweeting or just starts
playing with fire baby charts concerned
for our lives
sucking our thumb okay so I was gonna I
okay here's what we're doing I am
running to jack-in-the-box to grab some
food the kids are asleep it's about 10
o'clock at night I know I should not be
eating at this late hour but I was gonna
warm up some of the food that Mommy made
tonight which was meatloaf and mashed
potatoes and corn I was gonna have some
leftovers but the microwave has no esta
bien
it's raining out I just want to document
the last hours of my life our power went
out we're about to die
we have our food for free we have our
food for free
think about it we could freeze to death
tonight all right
trying to take an order just like okay
okay I don't care let me just do my job
and you fat bearded man that's obnoxious
how about you stop talking to me I think
that's what she's thinking dear boy
thank you can you say can you say hello
and goodbye to me and my viewers say
shaycarl I love you forever ever
for some reason our powers out in like a
three to four block radius but up the
street it's not okay I'm gonna show you
guys this look at our road it's so dark
this is our road the only lights if I
turn my lights off the only lights are
that car that's up ahead of us put of my
lights back on our entire Street is the
powers off
so that's that cars coming at us but I'm
turning into our driveway bushes the
power is completely dead well aren't you
glad that even during a giant rain storm
you could still have a milkshake from
jack-in-the-box
I think we can make tin foil dinners I
would rather have jack-in-the-box so
we're having a candle light
jack-in-the-box like coca-cola classic
and my Matar it's having a delicious
milkshake TARDIS rustic that's what
wizard we're still eatin candlelight
tell-tell what happened
okay so he literally said we were just
talking about nothing and all seven
shengo's the powers gonna turn on right
now do you know what happened it didn't
turn on it didn't turn out but but about
one minute exactly after 50 seconds 50
50 seconds how long has it been off
couple hours three hours yeah it's been
off about three hours it came back on
I'm not even joking you people
hallelujah
the powers been off and just for the fun
of it I said the powers are gonna turn
on right now and it did not turn on but
literally 50 seconds it's on neither
joking less than a minute less than one
minute later we have light get my
sandwich your but we got light now I can
kick mommy in the bum here we go
