hey what's going on I'm riding my
bicycle I'm actually writing Phil's bike
because he's in Spain and he left his
bike at my house my bike seat is loose I
need to take it in and get her tuned up
cuz I don't have the right size allen
wrench all my tools are in Idaho Oh bye
Lisa was just at the office she's
laughing at me we're getting some more
office space because we're gonna start
doing some live shows so we got um some
office space that's just down from our
other office and we're doing live shows
once a week on the station on Ustream so
go follow I think we have an account
already go follow the eustachian live
show on so you guys can kind of see some
behind the scenes and stuff but it's
gonna be cool we got uh this black
chalkboard paint
so one entire wall draw stuff should be
a lot of fun a lot of cool upcoming
stuff
today been here for over four months now
and this is the first time that it's
rained it's kind of kind of pathetic
rain situation look at the roads a
little bit wet so it's the oil bet wept
a little bit of precipitation on
pavement okay so I mean okay so we're
doing a kindergarten homework here and I
think the instructions are so obscure
that it may be I guess it's not that
important but it's just confusing let me
just let me just show you guys okay so
problem solving use objects these socks
right wait are you gonna color them okay
so it says directions have children one
use yellow and red crowns and sort the
socks by color so does that mean you're
supposed to just randomly color the
socks red and yellow and then match the
colors or are these dark ones supposed
to be red and these light one's supposed
to be yellow or vice versa what does it
mean matching oh like the Red Sox one
here and the yellow socks go in here and
then this says sort socks by size so I
guess there's two different sizes so
that's easy anyways a lot of these
instructions in this book are are fairly
confusing so glad I don't have to be in
kindergarten glad I passed I just barely
passed kindergarten ask my mom I almost
failed it I'm not joking I'll do it
stop crying
yeah I told princess Stars she's trying
to color and she gets really frustrated
if she can't color something so what did
I tell you I would do what did I tell
you I would do what did I say I would do
I told her I would take all of her
crowns and I put them on the stove and I
would melt them and then I would drink
it all and then I would pee rainbows why
do you force me to physically harm you
this is gonna hurt you a lot more than
it hurts me I'm sorry what are you gonna
beg dark Prince's tart come show us your
picture in here that's really nice
princess start drew drew this today what
are you getting you get in the book come
show us your picture let's see it okay
stand next to it go stand up there oh it
ripped okay stand up it's a little
taller than you but that's nice princess
started made that in preschool today
that's cool it's also a giant waste of
paper but that's okay mush mush good job
son you're doing your chores like I told
you way to mop the floor okay now
they'll go mop the rest of the house
honey
something's going on in here that you
wouldn't agree with but I'm letting it
happen
okay go it's only fair March Prince's
tarde
pullin pullin you helping her hey
princess art come fill me I'll pull him
I'll get some revenge for you good job
to overtime okay you got it bro
what just broke what are you guys doing
baby tard stop it
she knows peekaboo please see let me see
because you put your nose through that
hole but your nose let me see your eye
hi okay hold on that's gonna come out
let me tie it around my wrist
okay son tards gonna see if he can pull
me ready go
Oh hard Bobby see you can pull me I'm
not goin nowheres
David Tara wants to try it let baby try
to see if she can pull me say baby turn
and see if you can do it ready pull Gate
Bridge the start you gonna try mommy
hold on okay ready
this is this has always been a question
that I have asked Katie let I've said
what if the house was burning down and I
was passed out and you had to drag me
out of the house could you do it and
save my life see the choice she had the
adrenaline but let's see Eddie look at
baby turn watching it she's like is this
a show this is a Broadway show
I found a way to pull you now
