are you gonna help me cook are you just
gonna give away this is my question
because if you're gonna help you can be
here but if you're just living it in my
way
we haven't filmed anything all day and
it's 5:30 should we tell them we're
behind hey guys we are seriously behind
I don't know when it happened but we've
somehow got behind a day before I was
uploading the footage from the the day
before like that day but some I don't
know when it happened I don't know when
it's when mom was gone stop it I'm gonna
punch you in the neck mm-hmm what a
bunch more than now but now that's why
the videos have been coming up so late
is because I've been uploading the
footage from that day so I don't know if
we missed it down like I haven't missed
a video I've uploaded a video every day
but but so we're behind I need to catch
up like so I don't know when it happened
I seriously I'm trying to think like how
did we get behind I don't know what's
going on anyway so we just been chilling
out today took kids to school and we
just got done watching Rain Man with Tom
Cruise and that's really good show
forgot
you dancin go get the ball pitch it to
you go to the ball and we bought Sun
tarde a baseball bat could take out some
of his aggression go get the ball we'll
play Oh instead of breaking mommy's nose
and we also got a nice new frisbee son
tard get the new frisbee to a nice soft
frisbee so if it tags you in the bridge
of the nose
it doesn't deviate your septum take over
there go over there okay ready okay I'll
stand over here this is the poop corner
look at all the grass I don't know if
you guys's dog does this but I don't
know if this is just instinctual for
Malachi to do this but when we first got
him we didn't have a fence in our house
so we'd have to take him out to this
corner of the yard with the leash and he
would just like literally there was like
a 10-foot radius where he would go the
bathroom all time so now anywhere we've
moved the first day he gets there he
finds an area and then that's his area
which is nice because he doesn't go all
over the yard
this literally goes in this corner so
this the kids know not to run around too
much in this little corner cuz it's the
poop area all right here we go ready
track it's hard to pitch to this so what
I'm thinking you guys is that I'm just
gonna upload this right now and then
I'll record more footage for tonight so
that we can get ahead a day and plus I
know you guys get pissed when I don't
upload the video to like 10 o'clock at
night so I am gonna take this little
footage that we have right now I'm
vlogging here I just upload it right now
so that I can get ahead for tomorrow
because I got to start getting ahead or
else these videos it's like they later
and later every night so I apologize I
know you're sick of the excuses it's
right over the plate no eyes oh it's in
the it's in the poop corner you're
running the bases
here comes I'm gonna try to pitch it by
looking through the camera line drive
right back to the pitcher okay ready
there we go
nice dude that's how you broke your
mom's nose okay this one's gonna be a
fastball ready I'm gonna really really
burn it in there
Oh jack
right here nice throw okay here we go
ready Oh shot strike okay let princes
tour to have a turn you're left-handed
turn around the other way
there you go ready you don't throw the
bat at the pitcher
what do you mean give me one more you
want to have a putting it with that it's
right in your mouth see it's hungry you
got the first look here some lasagna
from last week that's gross that's gross
why don't sit quiet on set every time I
every time I do the end the end of my
videos I don't do them I do it most of
the days but I have to record the audio
over the pictures for the end of the
Shaytards and so I always say quite on
set
quite onset and baby tard always I don't
think there's been a time where I've
said it where she hasn't said Quonset
why not said it's it's the new thing we
have here at the street art house quiet
on set
makes me laugh one of these make me
laugh I like
