what's going on so mom left at 9:30 this
morning to go to the doctor to fix her
nose and now it's 2:30 she's still in
the waiting room
so got these two back here having fun
fun hey bright Sun tarde scooter so he
can write back so we're going to get
centered right now how's school would
you learn supposed to bring it Eve all
right we brought your scooter for you
ready yes ready baby Dart
stop sucking your thumb thank you yeah
how would you get rude pretty rocks play
your show-and-tell nice how much those
babies work
oh alright let's go okay so we're riding
back our little caravan our little
trailer and bike and scooter mobile here
we go you climbing up there you climbing
up the slide whoa you fell down you
climbing up this help me help you up
there nice way to climb to the top hey
let's see you go down the slide good job
let's see yeah oh you're tough you tough
you're strong like five down the slide
okay mami tarde had a bad day you should
have taken the camera with you you could
have filmed it all oh they would not
wanted to see sit on the swing him tell
us what happened
so how long you been gone what time did
you leave this morning I look else that
early what does it say that your fortune
okay hold on mom's talking to us it says
be careful in whom you fear your
confidence that means no telling secrets
unless you really trust the person or
you're willing to kill him after I drove
on the 90 and the 405 and the 105 and
all those babies they're scary
she usually won't go anywhere unless she
has to drive on like
other streets at all cost there's one
time we went somewhere to see somebody
one of our friends and it took us 20
minutes to get there and Shay was
driving but then she well you better get
out of the way and on the way back 45
minutes because they wouldn't you know
okay so tell us what happened at the
doctor's office
okay well it's like a clinic okay for
people without insurance and like us
like us so I'm like okay well it'll be
cheaper because we don't have insurance
blabbity blah
after you wait for six hours so you're
there for six hours
oh not only that but your she wait then
they take your weight in your blood
pressure and your like good I'm in and
then they're like Keiko wait in the
waiting room like I just did that so
then you wait wait wait wait and then
you go in and then they sit you in the
little cubicle with fed and then you
wait and you wait and you wait and you
fell asleep you fell asleep in the
cubicle okay so they fixed your nose
then right your broken nose okay no they
didn't let's go back to the story no
rewind movie to last night when we were
in the emergency room this is exactly
what the doctor told me after I got the
x-rays she said I'm sorry but your nose
is severely fractured severely fractured
definitely is there's a definite severe
fracture let me see it again right there
and so I'm like oh my nose is broken and
so then I go and like I request a copy
the x-rays I don't look at a blah blah
blah anyway and then so like okay well
they refer me to this place that I had
to wait for six hours
the doctor comes in fast forward six
hours the doctor comes in checks it
thoroughly moves it around hurts and he
goes do you have the x-rays from the I'm
like it's here there and he looks at the
x-rays and he looks at the the notes
from the x-ray technician the x-ray
technician apparently at the emergency
room said no fracture
he said her nose is not broken but she
has a deviated septum
hold on there better so after the doctor
at the emergency room looked at the
x-ray she came to tell me that I had a
severe fracture in my nose
which you don't which I don't tell right
now so basically she waited today for
six hours it cost her eighty dollars
which isn't that bad but we have now
spent three hundred and eighty dollars
to find out she has a broken nose
wait no she doesn't have a broken nose
it's a deviated septum and she's
supposed to just take ibuprofen for two
weeks and it may go back to normal and
if not then she has to go and see like a
nose specialist so yeah she thought she
was gonna go get it fixed today so I was
a $400 game of Frisbee thanks Sun card
yeah so according to the x-ray
technician and the other doctor it's
just a deviated septum healthcare in
America I'll tell you what I am way more
interested in the subject no I'm Way
more interested in we need to do
something okay you know what x-ray
technician thinks this but I think this
know she had to just come in and say you
definitely have a severe fracture yeah
and how do you complain like is there
like can you go complained like I don't
know whatever it's just money
who needs 400 bucks I sure don't
just like Michael said on the office
last night
what did he saying he said because
because he was getting them their
wedding present because they asked for
cash but I give him cash every week cuz
it's like he's the boss and he's like
and and you what he say he's like I
personally needs so much cash we're
gonna do with more cash nothing I hate
money you wanna what well go swimming
pretty cold dude I don't know we're
hearing this appear under the PIA under
the sea under the sea today is actually
pretty chilly it's the first time I've
been able to wear a hoodie like thing
and it feels good I love it I love the
cold I am definitely a cold weather guy
because I sweat a lot and it's not
because I'm fat I just have a normally
high body temperature and unnaturally I
mean it's just higher I just I just need
a fan everywhere I go so this weather is
my favorite I love it
Oh your shoe came off get it I hear by
the pier it is a beautiful evening the
Sun is behind the clouds right there
very gorgeous don't splash me I got the
camera you go out there and swim you
sure well you better take them off put
them up there there's mommy tart there's
mommy and the little girls I want
address a couple issues really quick a
lot of you guys are awesome for even
bringing this up a lot of you guys were
talking about donations for mommy thar
nose but this is always feel weird about
that like thank you so much but like I
don't I don't want your money you guys
keep it we're in a recession you guys
are gonna need it you never know when
you're about to break your nose so we'll
be fine don't worry about it we'll
figure it out
you guys do enough watching these videos
every seat I don't know how you guys do
it I don't even watch just good rating
five stars
that helps favoriting leaving comments
those that's how you can help us
but anyways for the people who keep
emailing me about that like keep your
money it's okay we'll figure it out it's
not a big deal also a lot of you guys
keep asking about uphe'll box
I'm really tempted to get one I know
Charles he'll have one and you get in
the water and you guys send them a lot
of cool stuff what I'm worried about is
you guys being so cool and sending the
kids a bunch of stuff and I'm worried
about the kids getting spoiled we're
saying no you guys send them toys and
all kinds of stuff and I just not our
kids are gonna be so spoiled they're
gonna want to go to the post office
every single day to get toys and stuff
but uh I think we're do you have enough
crap like literally I do not want the
kids to have any more toys ever and if
they do get more toys we're gonna throw
as many toys as we buy away because
there is crap everywhere in our house
it's like little plastic objects all
over the place anyway so I don't know if
we'll get a p.o box if we do there will
be a strict rule that it's only pictures
and postcards no toys but I don't know
if we've discussed doing that but I
don't know I just think you guys will
spoil the kids too much a bad thing but
you know take your jacket off you're
freezing in Sun tards is in the water
no got him oh wow look at the Sun the
Sun is like in the water I wish this
camera could zoom up more
so romantic okay here go down there go
down there and I want you to run at me
and kind of try to look try to try to
look sexy and then we'll we'll put some
music and slow motion in this part okay
okay wait hold on hold on what are you
doing put your coat back are you
shivering okay ready okay and action
it's not sexy at all hey do you think
this is sexy put your coat on silly
you're to freeze well we have another
brave soul the other brave soul go into
the water
are you excited gonna get in the ocean
Oh ran away baby darn come here I need
to start running my brother wants to run
a marathon thinking that be wary I told
them I might try to do it then because
I've always wanted to run a marathon my
whole life she keeps running down here
like trying to dress up like she got
started towards water
it's a cold all right babies are gonna
get in the water come on come on
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you
somebody's not having fun at the beach
you wanna go get in the water
no you freezin baby cards not scared
come on let's go get in the water she's
shivering
okay
that's the specific
he's a swimmer he's a swimmer
and then a trash bag floats into the
ocean okay we have the flying princess
reason all right let's go
