wait wait let me check : yeah I have
them got the keys so I'm tired spinning
in the swing Prince starts got her
backpack and her chips baby tards got
our chips and her backpack that has
nothing in it and it's wide open good
thing you got your backpack huh
your backpack is Barbie and it looks
great and now it guys ready already go
for ride and mommy tards ready
where we going to the park the park
let's go let's go to the park it's 4:30
what time is it
ah it's 5:00 in this is a 5 it's gonna
left the house all day I am well
bomb-ass I woke up two hours ago
we're go in the van we're going to bed
we're walking wait twice come on get two
males yeah hey hey hey get out of the
street come here come here backpack
princesses I'm gonna get this we're
going in the bin you're gonna follow us
behind the van on your scooter that
won't turn out so hot in the end repeat
that question why are all the women's
costumes muddy honey don't you know
that's why Halloween was invented so
girls could dress up like this and wear
you ladies you know it you're like
finally I can wear almost nothing and
everybody'll say it's okay cuz it's
Halloween not me why don't you want to
be because why I'm not easy yeah
yeah look at all those freaking kidding
man
Frisby soccer ball ready
so here you really line that thing up
don't you
I'm ready kick it here you can just
notice I got a red shaycarl hat
mami tarde got it for me in Idaho there
was some left over I know your sayshe
what are you gonna make she I I've been
meaning to make shaycarl hats forever
and shirts but I just just been busy
well eventually trust me eventually I'm
ready
oh my head good throw dude okay mami
tarde kick it all the way from there to
me
that was a bad pass strike
that's definitely the wrong way
hello thank you
you know frisbee thank you you set up
the computer is that sir that's is that
what daddy does whenever we do anything
okay ready mom catch ready
ready baby tarde
oh my god
this is fun we don't do this enough we
definitely do not get out of the house
enough thank you thank you
they've heard catch it catch it oh ok
ready go down go down there to my mom
I'm gonna kick it to her here we go
ready baby tarde and try to film me
kicking the soccer ball to them okay
let's see it Marja let's see is it
crooked yes do you think it's crooked
hurts really really okay so our plane
frisbee and a rogue frisbee thrown by
Sun tarde tagged mom in the face do you
feel bad are you sorry
don't cry don't cry are you sad that
we're not going to the park or that
mommy's nose is broke Oh looks like he
doesn't have much sympathy for you it's
not broken maybe we can come back met Oh
so what do we do because we don't have
medical insurance and it's definitely
crooked looks dented I think we should
just stay in the house from now on see
going outside is dangerous it's very
look cop mm bye
should we go and see I think you look
beautiful with a crooked nose let's see
hey in the comments is the nose look
crooked looks good over here in the
light a little bit more look straight on
at me come closer a little closer it
just looks like there's a little dent
right there she has a cut right here I'm
over hi looks crooked it's not just a
dent cut so crooked
now that's a little crooked yeah I mean
it used to be crooked now it's even more
correct was it crooked that way or was a
crooked the other way did it knock it
straighter yeah oh that's the problem is
because we're like independent
contractors that we don't work for
anybody we don't have medical insurance
and it sucks because it's expensive and
we can't afford it
what do we do America it's the great
health care debate now we've we've kind
of been brushed up with a little
accident and now we have to decide we
need health care that's what we need but
you know what let's move to Canada hey
cause it's expensive lot yeah well we're
in ahead we might head to a little
emergency room and see what happens with
the nose might just be a dent maybe
it'll pop out maybe it's like looks like
a car it'll just like pop out after a
while are you just better to find out
though before my nose goes broken for
like weeks I'm taking care I could I
could I could just grab it and move it
back all right we'll go to a place okay
we're trying to decide by looking at an
old picture of mommy
it's crooked or nothing it hurts really
bad so crooked
I do not really we're just gonna let me
see the caption on it I see the picture
it was a little crooked but no it's
really crooked his toe oh grandma okay
there's that's the before
that's the before now let's see the
after again yeah it's definitely work
what's that some tard you saying you're
sorry
thank you was an accident you just
happened it was an accident
you're there you didn't mean to so I
just think it adds character let's just
leave it I love you no matter what my
snoring well you can you can sing and
Harvison with me Harmison what is the
harmony we can snore and harmony
together / - nice smile
good I'm sick of you smiling so much
what I'm not mad at you you didn't break
mommy's nose your big nose ruined all
our fun it hurts
I'll go get some vicodin
mommy towards getting an x-ray and the
doctor came in and said he thinks it's
definitely broken and he said wow your
son hat must have a good arm he goes wow
what an arm your son must have so it's
probably broken how much is this gonna
cost me I'm thinking a thousand bucks
with an x-ray let's see what do you
think how much is it gonna cost no I
have to stay here and wait for her go
look at the picture some more mommy just
had a couple x-rays this is what drives
me crazy about the healthcare system and
about hospitals in general and that
window a squeaking window turn it all
back down so frustrated okay so here's
the thing she had a couple x-rays and
for the admittin admittance or whatever
it's going to cost $300 they didn't fix
her nose it's broken she has to go to a
nose throat an ear specialist to
actually get it fixed but here's the
thing it's 300 bucks if we can pay that
right now if not they'll send us a bill
but it'll be more and then so we said
well how much more will be and they said
well we don't know we'll just we have to
refigure it and it will send it to you
in the mail but if you pay it right now
it's only $300 so how do they not know
that how do they how can they not tell
you what it's gonna be
like is it just a guesstimate is there
some magical genie who lives up in
hospital and who just assigns a number
and if we don't pay the 300 today we'll
have to pay 1,300 when we get the bill
like what bull crap is that pisses me
off
just stupid stupid I think it's stupid I
think we need to fix health care oh it's
so it's frustrating it's frustrating but
mommy's okay that's what's most
important most important and I think
she's going to get some medication so
that's cool some drugs anyway so we're
just waiting for her to come out and
then
so yeah it's our nose is broken we have
to go to another place tomorrow
especially I guess a specialist to fix
it
so who knows how much that's gonna cost
hey do you guys want to buy some kids
selling some kids I'll give you a great
deal yeah three for the price of one
link to the sidebar I'm just kidding I
don't have an eBay account so I can't
sell them you survived
how much was it 300 bucks we couldn't
fix it I may have to send me to an ear
why don't why can't they fix it because
they're just an emergency room so what
is what is their purpose to tell you
that you do have well an emergency if I
would have known that a nose break can
actually go without being fixed right
away we probably could have gone to an
ear nose and throat doctor first thing
and reduced ourself $300 like you have
to work extra hard this week watching
the season final of the office with
mommy's broken nose so do you like your
dinner I made mommy a delicious dinner
of teriyaki chicken crab cakes
and a pasta noodle salad because I such
a good husband and I've been working on
all bakes I knew she would break her
nose and who should be feeling bad about
things so I just whipped her up that
great meal that I bought from Albertsons
and warmed up in the microwave I'm such
a good husband see the nose she was hit
right here too by sun card and it's
broken so we have to go get it fixed
tomorrow hey it was apparently an
emergency room they don't do that this
is the most frustrating thing so they
they check her nose they do the x-rays
and they say oh it's broken and so we're
like okay fix it oh we can't fix it we
don't have the right tools here you're
gonna have to go to a nose specialist
why don't you just tell us that
where we came in here because now we
have to pay you $300 just to tell us
it's broken we could have just gone
right to the nose specialist thanks a
lot
jerks hey mami tarde let's go play some
more frisbee you ready I sure AM let's
go
