- obsessed with Hamlin right now that
were too late apparently kids club raise
a healthier life
we DVR in this babe did you push the DVR
button dexon screaming alright it's a
good morning the day that we are on the
TV
the Knotts computer right here the hangs
on our wall we have some guests over the
butler's were coming over to watch us on
the TV I'm excited I don't know how it's
gonna turn out
I remember feeling confident with how it
went so it'll be interesting to see how
it reads on the TV dr. Oz Show babies
making breakfast for us we're gonna have
some eggs eggs and tones so we are on
right after this because I remember
standing in the back room with Gavin
who's at school right now are we DVR in
this babe yeah did you push the DVR
button okay thanks for dinner
I'll show you Gavin's at school right
now he's gonna be on the TV alright
we're on next after this guy after the
parasite guy we're on after this I'm
excited so if you missed the TV showing
I'm sure there's gonna be a web link
that you can click on probably be on dr.
Oz's website where I think dr. oz has a
youtube channel I don't know I'll let
you know and he has a trailer Twitter oh
there is yeah cool anyways I should get
a few times right now there we go BC
total of 2 billion that's right
billion views on YouTube they did
chronicling their lives daily for the
past eight years giving their followers
and inside of the everything from their
family kind of a poll
and many others son Shay's biggest
project has been a father-son challenge
and his motivation for anyone out there
who wants to make a change take a look
Brock is that Shane carlisle bkt source
of information crazy people when he
documented his incredible weight loss
journey time YouTube
even after losing more than a hundred
pounds and running full marathons she
soon discovered - all I remember that
every morning I would read people's
comments and feel motivated to want to
succeed so it's definitely helped me you
know become a better person to lead
based off of all these people's seen our
lives every day and you know for better
rewards given us their opinion on what
they think about my daily decisions are
you guys we are filming the moms you
from Idaho we're here at Carly's house
and may I just say her house is always
clean beautiful and they know that
they're under strict reign oh well our
cats are under strict reign to have so
many cats and animals out and they're
dirty but they are not in the house
that's why I don't keep them in our
filming from Carly's house and there
might be some Valentine's stuff
happening
that's so cute Valentine's was talking
about weird things I love your hair you
guys both have great hair I'm gonna zoom
in on your side
and Cally's are beautiful sound goes
right is our here eating donut
Carly has the best crafty of her house
but doesn't everything that I've ever
wanted on set that no one's ever brought
that's what we're buying I mean that's a
great idea don't you grocery store this
morning right off the bat didn't eat
that's not good
I know and the ladies like fresh baked
Donuts um I get two of each sometimes
you got to do it but yeah going to the
grocery store after before wait what
it's don't go to the grocery store
hungry that's me the Ted wasted Shane
Gavin give yeah I always buy chips oh
they're so good listen it's about diet
it's about balance balance it's about
balance so you put it wondering on eat
chance because you can't just have one
because it's like I kind of like Kelly
Kapowski hey buddy I know it's really
pretty though like that look I mean
that's how I wanted to be when I watch
the show so Kelly yeah nevermind
everybody wanna know because I want it
to be Jesse oh she was really cool yeah
all right look who's home from school
you're ready to watch yourself on the TV
is this your big TV debut
yes have you ever been on TV before oh
you are in the Anderson Cooper show now
the dr. Oz Show all the show you've been
on all the shows but you still can't
figure out that Rubik's Cube huh you
know get her got it on the DVR bag I
make it work on the DVR what I do what
do I push come watch your brother he's
on the not computer you guys know
the TV brought to 70 weight together
motivation to make a change we did all
learn during 30 big help challenge with
that what do you think excited there
yeah
next that were too late for parents and
kids club race a healthier lifestyles
and a father and son team YouTube
sensations losing weight together
motivation to make a change we can all
learn from their 30-day health
challenges next you're not familiar with
shame popular family this day was a
total of 2 billion that's right billion
views on YouTube Jay's made this project
has been a father-son challenge and its
motivation for anyone out there who
wants to make a change Bigelow hey
welcome to shayloss shady cargo became a
source of his religious Channel when he
documented his incredible weight loss
journey time YouTube
he also realized how his back eating
habits for a family news 12 year old son
yeah
so if you're having a hard time you come
talk to me if I'm like struggling like a
little exercise so we gotta motivate
each other ok we are doing this together
all right look we're on the TV
you have a birthday today and so this is
the second time you've embarked in a
weight loss challenge what is the
benefit of having 2 billion page views
of support but what you're doing based
off of all these people seen our lives
every day and what they think about I
did really good insight it's all about
family to me like to me the most
important things are the things that
lasts the longest and to me families are
forever it's my sister could climb a
rope and I couldn't I want to be able to
climb a rope because I mean that your
sister school toys all those fun things
she has um know when you do active stuff
together and a family you gotta commit
to make it happen for each other
yeah each other's lives right now I mean
we knew this very day challenging you're
wrong we want you guys to commit to
doing it too thanks for the shoutout
job yeah
so glad you caught that well girls what
do you think about your brother
that cool well if you watched us on the
dr. Oz Show thanks for tuning in and we
hope you get our book do the 30 day
challenge you guys were doing workouts
every single day on the shayloss channel
rocks okay with it - he's okay with it
always rock helps me out a lot with that
sometimes Jackson doesn't like things
but if Brooke likes it he's awkward you
see that
you guys ever see the shaycarl video I
think was Czech girl baby mache turns
already rachet opened all the windows
shay let's go through the carbons
together okay okay did you go to the
carwash he did he went to the carwash
the garden not clean it's not well it's
cleaner it's cleaner but in the
wintertime it doesn't say Queen I'm
pumped about the dr. Oz thing I think it
came out really good Gavin Gavin nailed
it he did such a great job for a 12 year
old kid I could not be on national TV
and the live studio audience was big it
was like 300 people at that freaking
thing yeah Gavin killed hey I want to
promote
shayla's I know you guys have been a
little mad that there haven't been a ton
of Chatard vlogs on this channel we've
been doing every single day shayloss
videos which were yeah with the kids the
whole family Shaytards workout videos
for 10 minutes daily on the shayloss
channel watch this trailer right now
here's what we're doing every single day
on the shayloss channel come over and
check it out come hang out with us come
work out with us come subscribe and join
the team roll the trailer I'm facing up
tears I'm trying
i'ma pick myself up wise
and hoppin out the back seat I will be
the driver switch it in the hi this is
gonna be my down
got yourself up a family
sweat
to the Bannister
motivation get unstuck I think it's time
to change the face
how much can I rest when his life is
just a breath I can erase regret if I
just put in my best my mo coming into my
chest
missions a future time but you gotta
start on the present right I'm living
the life I lived in the caves like this
we're not coming in last I'm running as
fast as my GP can take you I am you
cannot play hey you guys it is sleepy
time everybody's in bed not everybody
Shay's actually out shoveling snow mmm
sorry babe
I appreciate that he does that cuz I do
not like doing it I realized after
reviewing some of the footage that I did
not even show you guys the finished
product of the cookies what was I
thinking that's always what happens it's
like I show the project of making dinner
or making something but then by the time
it's done we're just like ready to eat
and we devour it before we even like
show the finished product that's the
main part so here's the cookies we
didn't mean all of them but you really
want to didn't they turn out so cute
look how cute I think they are well some
of them I overdid a little bit so
they're brown but these ones are pink
and they have chocolate chips in them
and I'm so proud of it yeah it was her
idea to make the cookies and so she got
out everything to make them all the
ingredients she measured everything I
directed her a little bit and Emmy
helped a little bit with a few thing
Avia pretty much did all of it so I'm
very proud of her she did a great job
she's very independent loves to do
things on her own and she had a good
time making these cookies also yeah of
me and I'm really excited that Shay is
back from Sundance he had a really great
time about a lot of good work done
connections made and all those good
things and now he's out shoveling snow
mm-hmm I love you honey thanks for doing
that anyways we'll see you guys later
all right I'll leave a link right below
in the video description come subscribe
to team shayloss we have another youtube
channel over there 30 days 30 videos 30
workouts we even have recipes it's
awesome it's nightly workout so you can
come and do it say the kids are
hilarious Rock has made me laugh during
so many workouts who if you guys are
doing these along with us we're on day
27 Brock did burning hands the other day
who thought that was burning hands yeah
a lot of you guys are doing this with us
so thanks for being on the team we're
almost done we have almost hit day 30
but here's the cool thing it's gonna be
a playlist and you can start all over
again
on February first 30 days 30 videos like
I said blah blah blah click on the video
shoot the shader I was doing yesterday
it was a fun day yesterday and you can
click on see what you've been doing last
seven years hey school love you guys see
tomorrow
there's Dex
