but he doing
you need a good kicking don't you
just get back here with your head of
romaine I always pushed you on the gun
you dropped one your precious romaine
shooting water everywhere salad shooter
you mean a strainer isn't that beautiful
let me see Oh try it really see it you
don't know what the commenting to be to
that statement be perverts looking for
shut the door go back in your hole go in
your holes at the door oh I mean you're
supposed to go in there whatever now
what are you doing this hey what you
making
that he's kidding like we're gonna
slather some croutons and a Caesar salad
in there one we'll make some Caesar
salad oh okay
ready yeah I don't homework okay so
which one doesn't belong all right how
about this one which one doesn't belong
that's right so Circle it what does this
mean
sorting the same set in different ways
what you have to sort it have children
sort the presents one way and circle the
presents to show how they sorted them to
sort the same presents a different way
and then circle to show how okay so what
you need to do here is you need to pick
two of them that are the same up here
put these on these presents which two
are the same or kind of the same what do
you have similarities on this one right
here yeah but that's a different table
let's just do this table on just these
these ones are here which two presents
are similar
why are those similar so they're the
same size okay you can circle those two
circle both of those okay now find two
other presents that are similar no up
here on the same one do the same
why because I have the same size okay
circle em and then find two other ones
that are similar yeah you can still use
these even though you circle him you can
still use them so what are two other
boxes that have something that's the
same on the buck on the boxes why those
two okay do don't do size size doesn't
matter anymore
that's what they say anyway anyways what
else other than the size of the boxes
white you didn't hear nothing other than
the size of the boxes what two things
are similar look at him are they the
same what do you say are you are you
ready to focus focus okay which one of
these does not belong right here how are
you gonna get into Yale if you can't
even get your homework done he's going
to Yale or Harvard is your homework oh
you're never gonna get into Yale what's
mommy doing Oh looks like she's doing
what she's supposed to be doing
everything what do you see out slowly
it's budding the budding rose do you
know what song need to sing when you
hear though when you see those roses
sing this song every rose has it oh just
like every cowboy sings a sad sad song
kissing that Collette sing it sing it
what are you doing
you twisting the rope let me let me help
you no quit screaming ready don't fall
out and it hurt if you fell okay now get
out of the tire hurry get on the tire
and run hurry okay run okay go ahead
jump in
run run that way run dizzy you dizzy you
better okay ready I'm gonna push you
really high here we go
you guys I'm done eating all day today
especially just sat around I'm pushing
princess hard right now so sorry I don't
have a much exciting stuff we're gonna
go to the beach today but I woke up late
we're not going go tomorrow maybe what
are you eating a hot dog mommy's home
it's so much better than mommy's home
what are you making you making corn corn
on the cob hot dogs hamburgers that
sounds like an all-american meal things
are so much easier now the mom song I
heard they have to do anything again I
love it but I helped last night remember
I helped clean up the house last night
too and I told I told mommy turn I go
you know what when we both help out this
is so much quicker huh she's like duh
come eat so darn get in there it's
dartboard eddard
