in the wild underbrush of Africa there's
one animal that is more wild and elusive
than all the other animals we are here
today to try to spot the animal whoa
well I think there it is
oh it's an elusive princess John how
unique and what an opportunity to view
this precious animal in her natural
habitat Wow
I've never seen one with stripes before
very impressive let's back away from the
specimen as not to evoke anger and
biting I think my accent is fading we
must go now oh it's cool why are you
wearing those shoes you like so many of
those what's up you like those what'd
you learn you showed your dance
who'd you show you showed everybody your
dance okay let's see it
that's the best final pose ever so you
showed everybody that dance Oh got our
next shaycarl on your hands people okay
what's up we're going to McDonalds right
now then I have a meeting at the station
we have like this big script
read-through and because mommy's still
not home I have to take the kids with me
can you do that at a normal job show up
like I'm here for the meeting with my
three kids yeah now Johnny adaptive play
our favorite game who can get completely
wasted and go out in public
well Tom looks like we have our first
contestant here today yes siree Bob
quite a doozy not only is he high on
crack cocaine but he's freaking three
liters of Jack Daniels looks like these
workers are in aroused him from this
slumber anytime soon not only did they
give him a free cheeseburger but now
there's Walker's pie and they're
wondering is this guy gonna die let him
once he said wits he said can I get a
witness
what is it because he is revealing
something nope he's just completely
wasted can I get a hallelujah okay
yes be good all right we're watching a
National Geographic on my tube that's
the only it's funny I could find
something to watch on my computer okay
you guys be good be good a
pisser picture you here in the office
about do that thing okay
both of all the panga dang diggy singing
down man down man down man down diggie
you up the Vikings winning whoo
yeah well you're rooting for we are
watching the Vikings vs the Packers push
unclogged not you good game I just
thought in Twitter I went to what to
college with Jared Allen kind of do you
want trying to sneak up behind me huh
you want some of this you can't handle
this
hey you being a baby let me hold on look
at me real quick do we need to have an
attitude check I think you need to have
an attitude check no excuse me excuse me
I think an ADD detective it's necessary
checked you better check the attitude at
the door
lose the tude dude
roll over I'm tickling you do you need
an attitude adjustment do you need an
attitude adjustment
mommy comes home and - one hour and
thirty minutes we're almost through this
people we've almost done it yes
hello Malachi do you want to drive the
van to go pick up mommy is that what you
want to do you guys excited to see mom
he's excited who's excited
who's excited to see mommy is that a
present for her
that's makkal guns I know what that is
we got the gas we're on our way we're a
little bit late she might be waiting for
a little bit I was on the way it's
rushing out the house and it's like Oh
gasps lights on so we're here getting
gas real quick or you'll get mommy tardy
and look what I found I think it's a
lucky sign buta how do you like what's
the same find a penny pick it up all day
you'll have good luck
there's three good luck pennies in my
life I'm gonna leave these I'm gonna
leave these here
mostly because I think they probably
have cancer on them or AIDS or something
yeah I got it spirit needs nurse TVs
here in Los Angeles and the gas stations
we know that we have the best okay
that's in great there's my money going
away all right here we go hold on to
your buds kids whoa
bounce and see this is a very important
experiment of teaching the children to
mimic me or are they mocking me it's up
to you to decide
I think she's mocking me the malachite
is just sitting here in the back seat
Malakai come fun Malik I hope they are
having fun malachi a lot of people
thought he was dead because like I
haven't seen Malachi in three days where
is he is he okay yeah he's here sir
poopy anyways
normally we put him in the very back but
I'm just like how boring for him he
never gets to see anything I thought
maybe he might like it more if he was
like in the main part of the mana burn
whoa anyways just little updates little
nuggets of information as we travel to
leave mommy tarde oh look at that
gorgeous brunette hey you guys hi I'm
just excited to see my wife I love her
so much
look word
I love c'mere
Malachi's here we put him in the in the
middle so you can put your suitcase in
because mommy
somebody doesn't miss mommy very much
anytime baby tired baby tired retard she
loves her sleep more apparently Oh daddy
now it's time for you to make
