bricassart ah they scare you I scared
you didn't I admit it you were terrified
we can we can see it on your face you
can't deny it
I know I got her uh so uh the house is a
mess mom's coming home tonight look at
that little yeah little ensemble that's
great
gotta clean the kitchen maybe tard is
dead on the couch or she's just sleeping
yes she's sleeping no we gotta go get
centered here in a minute
we just uploaded the new station video I
hope you guys watch it links in the
sidebar and I'm behind I'm not gonna lie
to you guys
let's be honest shall we yeah get this
link I'll push you I'm behind I'm behind
on footage I come on just give me a
break guy doesn't need mom to get home
tonight
after she's home I can relax like with
this whole station video and getting the
kids to school and trying to keep the
house clean and trying to take them out
to fast food every day it's hard so I'm
really I really am asking for you guys's
apologies I'm just gonna upload this
actually for today's video because I'm
behind I'm Way behind but uh tomorrow
the videos will start back and mommy
will be here and everything will be
better I haven't even showered in two
days I'm not even joking I have just
realized that I haven't showered it's
almost been it's it's 2:30 so it's been
two and a half days since I've showered
anyways excuses or lack buttholes
everyone has one and they stink that was
gross I don't know if you ever heard
that crixus car that's an old saying
that my grandpappy used to teach me have
fun on the tire swing I'm gonna push as
high as I can ready
okay see you guys tomorrow thanks for
understanding you're the best
