looky looky here we all at the office we
are going to help edit the final touches
off the new video coming up on the
station on Monday what do you guys think
about that
mmm mmm are you doing a hangar dance but
what was that I did not teach him that
that is for sure
Oh practice oh I thought you're
asleep were you pretending to be asleep
that's baby down ready let's go in the
office yeah we have to finish editing
the video that we're gonna put up
tomorrow yeah no no Monday Monday hi
Denise how's it going get it free up
short legs geez
one step two step three step all right
let's see it oh okay let's see you hit
print star your turn hey watch this let
me see it I'll show you one thing I used
to do hey ready so I'm gonna roll the
hula hoop and when it goes right by you
you have to jump through it okay okay
here we go here we go oh that was my bad
okay one more time ready 1 2 3
god I can't roll it very good one more
time
my bad who little roller okay ready
here we go jump
Galgo again ready here goes that was
rolling and action nice this is the real
life moment Oh tears this has been a
great project we have done oh just give
him a minute guys just give him a minute
you like what do we do okay we just
finished editing the video that's going
up tomorrow yes sweet check it out ok
enough the clapping song oh I don't know
you guys are gonna mom say I love you
mom say come home come here let me see
the phone let me see the phone you done
hello ok yeah
Princeton started was trying to take the
phone from her and she's like no no
let's do it
you did what I don't think you should
get up on there young lady
what if that tipped over on top of you
that motorcycle a Stu hundred and fifty
pounds want to start it gonna start the
motorcycle okay I love this movie all my
favorites
okay sit down let's see this is like the
drive-in movies not on top where you
want to climb on top of everything
baby TARDIS sitting in her little
stroller trailer is that what you're
sitting in
well it's a drive-in movie oh you're
never gonna gather there you're stuck
now alright I'll be inside you guys have
fun in the garage
see ya I'm going to the store see you
guys later
hey ready you can't come inside you have
to hide outside okay ready set go one
two three four five six seven eight nine
10 11 100 ready or not here I come I
found you what's the matter makes juice
I hear you you cheated your suicide
outside okay okay you guys both have to
go to the tree and cover your eyes and
count to ten and I'm gonna go hide wait
wait wait okay ready set go
look who just showed up what a
coincidence
dude is that a mercedes-benz hotdogs
rollin on dubs you take my laptop yes I
did
don't it okay this is easy I don't need
mommy around I can totally watch these
kids by myself huh where's baby tard
baby no baby tard no turn it off give me
the keys back
