love you
tell you what if you get the chance you
should pick yourself up an amazing wife
like mine I kind of make life better so
if you got a chance go ahead and pick
one of those up love you whatever that
you can Kiki I'm a lucky son of a gun
don't feel jealous there's nothing you
can do about it
I've never seen this before
and then I just follow my cart up the
escalator does anybody ever have this
one
crazy
such a city slicker I've never seen one
of these before this is really cool I
would love it if baby turned was sitting
inside the the seat of the cart that'd
be hilarious I'm picking up some stuff
for the shoot today don't ask just don't
ask
look I pick up my cart now here come
thank you why do I say don't ask look at
one of the things I pick up its skirt
and it's for me don't ask
alright we're here with Chris Chris I
want you to look at what I'm buying
Chris is a fan of the station yeah this
you think that would look good on me
that's for today's video it's a skirt
don't think any less of me okay alright
Chris nice to meet you did a big go on
down the escalator that's my cart it's
not falling because it's on the thing
it's cool I don't have to carry my stuff
up and down the escalator I'm gonna get
beat up here goes my groceries about the
little door that's technology for you
that's awesome yeah he's such a
well-trained dog Shane Dawson here on
set
Qasim's doing his job blowing up the
ball long hard had a kid
then dollar cross-check this swimmin
pool out we're gonna we're gonna just
play in this pool it's gonna be awesome
thank you just true okay we're on set
here at the bearded chick shit I can't
even do that with us straight yes I just
seen it's so turned on right now I'm not
a piece of meat quit staring at me
Timothy DeLaGhetto word hi anyways we're
about to get started I'm the hottest
girl here all right
everyone to the scene come on ladies
walk by we're gonna be inside the things
that's okay hi connoisseur I'm a club
connoisseur I don't even think I'm gonna
use any of this foot behind the scenes
it's our DJ
oh let's go everybody
okay got everybody here's Cassie
costumes over here I'm setting setting
up the balls throwing the balls tonight
I think we're ready
Shane I'm ready you ready to go I got my
bikini on everything look who's here at
Gorby marinas is your dog named after
Mikhail Gorbachev Larry shobe yes the
job hiya Gorby Gorby
are you excited for this great shoot
yeah of course like and here's there's
the thing here's the thing with
hotforwords she brings her own film crew
with her her own Russian film crew is
CBS in Russia
and what was your name Vladimir Vladimir
so stereotypical I know his name would
be blood America nice basically they
wanted to need to be my parents and I
told them they're very shy so you
brought them here
happen again he's got your parents be so
proud yeah okay so it's the end of the
day it's a great shoot I'm driving into
the sunset
look there's the third foot I don't know
if I got a lot of footage it was pretty
crazy trying to get everything done
there's a lot of people had to kind of
get out of there but it went great
hopefully it turned out good hopefully
we got the shots we wanted
hopefully I looked sexier than ever
but it's probably gonna be up on the
station Monday hopefully don't quote me
on that we're gonna try to start editing
it at editing I'm gonna try editing it
tomorrow
and hopefully we'll get it all all good
and done and then we'll upload it on
Monday okay it's time to go home to
mommy and the kids and we're gonna go
eat I'm starving
sobbing Marvin so here I go love you bye
every day
okay you liked my impression that's my
impression of a modern-day cowboy right
home after a long day's work instead of
on my old horse Butch shoot a piece of
grass riding home I'm into my minivan
with thousands of other people at
traffic was that a good impression I
hope you guys liked it I hope you liked
okay you ready are you gonna explain
what happened and what you did you're
gonna look like a huge spoiled brat okay
so for the longest time you know mommy
tarts needed a new phone we weren't we
did this yesterday which Lobby there's
that one right there no no trainer hell
so this Christmas will be four years for
sure
this December 25th she will have had her
old phone we see it lets see it she will
have had this old phone for four years
so she has she's had it for a long time
I mean most phones don't last that long
let's see it it's a Samsung flippity doo
ha Hecky whatever and it's works great
I've been trying to talk mommy tired
forever and to get an iPhone why don't
you just get an iPhone
cuz like no little white girl I'm just
sayin I've tried to sell her on the
iPhone for a long time they play son and
so we went got the black bear yesterday
and she's playing with her blackberry
and I'm playing with my iPhone
and I started downloading some new apps
come on
I started downloading these cool apps on
my iPhone and she's like that's awesome
I want my phone to do that so now we
took the BlackBerry back and we're going
to get mommy an iPhone so disappointed
we came and they're closed if only we
had a representative of Apple here hi
what the f I just seen inside we're
closing now we would like our iPhone we
just Italy okay alright so they're
kicking us out you want to okay we're do
it really quick
that's the Elaine Benes step this is
just for a kiss just
okay so we didn't get an iPhone for
mommy tarde they were closing in three
minutes and they didn't want to wait for
us so we're gonna go get it tomorrow
morning and now we're just gonna go home
maybe we'll stop at seafood where are we
going oh we are I don't know we're going
out to eat I guess we're going out to
eat what do you think baby tard three
five
yes here except oh sure baby sir
Oh
homemade high chair whoo
homemade night sure I'm like MacGyver
and a Boy Scout all the time
I do that all the time I wasn't even a
good one
but arts
idiot P you can't even see in this life
maybe turns pious cedrus any dark in the
van somebody is not even tired what time
is it it's almost 11 o'clock
Oh son of a monkey why don't you pay
attention you got to something what was
that song is by u2 we need to sing it's
an acoustic an acoustical arrangement
oh we could sing we could sing you
guys's favorite song you wanna sing your
favorite song
macaroni macaroni mac and cheese three
times daily pretty peas macaroni
macaroni mac and cheese we like mac and
cheese macaroni macaroni mac and cheese
I like it because you know I I think the
weather is the most boring worthless
part of the news I like that guy make it
exciting dance here's what the weather
should be and now with our weather
here's your five-day forecast show the
little sunny rainy windy temperatures
that's it nobody cares about the big
front coming in out of the East that
doesn't mean anything to anybody and
even like the five day to me is bullcrap
cuz it always changes I want to start a
weather service is called look out your
window Weather Service hold on let's
check the weather
there's the weather it's sunny now back
to your programming what do you think no
I like weather is stupid and boring
you're planning a trip but it changes it
never matters it always changes but you
know they say it's gonna be
sunny and then it starts to rain not
always but most of the time agree with
me
