what's with the hat baby tard are you a
she why do I think that's in English
look for some reason it's like Mary
moppets not Mary mom it's Mary Poppins I
used to go to a preschool remember
remember miss corner I told you about
was it Mary moppets the preschool I went
in Phoenix Arizona anyways hey hey
lipstick
hey lipstick okay so hey guys we're here
family
there's the sister tard what's your name
princess card there's baby thar are you
toddler tired now
I think she's two-year-old tard she's
terrible two-year-old target terrible to
your attorney okay so listen hear me out
you guys so had a big shoot today and
it's for this new video for the station
that's coming up and somebody was gonna
get some footage for me some
behind-the-scenes footage with the
camera and they erased all the footage
from yesterday because they're gonna get
some fresh footage for today
well they ended up erasing all the
material that they thought was old and
so now the video that I'm supposed to
upload tonight this video that you're
watching right now is supposed to be
yesterday stuff but really I am
uploading this as soon as I am done
filming this so I don't know if you'll
accept that as an excuse but listen
tomorrow's videos gonna be great I got a
lot of good footage of me wearing some
pretty interesting stuff how's this room
doing looks like it could use a little
work Sonny Boy huh what do you have to
say to yourself about yourself for
yourself hey how was school today yeah
what'd you do what'd you learn so you're
telling me is today in school you
learned that tomorrow you're getting
free pizza what kind of pizza
why are you gonna get pizza what'd you
do to get it kids in America these days
and you didn't get to go to school that
I did you here to stay home I took the
car home we only have one car do you
feel like I'm stifling your education Oh
breaks my heart daddy I don't want an
education I want to be able to read and
write but the other children so I had to
take the van today up to North Hollywood
to Shane Dawson's house where we filmed
everything looking hot so guys I'm sorry
I'm gonna be early tomorrow I know the
videos have been uploaded late lately
like it was like 1:00 in the morning
last night but this one I'm gonna try to
get up really quick and then tomorrow's
video I promise I promise is gonna be up
before 2:00 in the afternoon my time
that'll be 5 o'clock in New York time 2
o'clock at California time can't promise
scouts honor before 2:00 in the
afternoon tomorrow
yo Matt wait I say to to my time 5 not
good at stuff like counting in numbers
all right so sign them off baby tarde
say bye say I'll be the same Oh Jew
party oh oh she said I'll be the same
parting is such sweet sorrow
okay sorry
see you tomorrow
