okay now it's rolling what's up so
mommy's mommy tired is leaving us
mommy is leaving the Shaytards she got a
job somewhere else this is something we
didn't want to tell you guys we're
actually not related we're all paid
actors and actresses we're just a group
of people that have been put together I
would like to thank our producers our
directors it's been a good run yeah
mommy tired however got another gig so I
know I know what you were attached so
what is it exactly what are you gonna go
to do well I'm not sure exactly but it
involves an island and I really thought
you were gonna go something good there
where we go on quality tire and break
we're gonna go pick up a tire to tie to
the rope so where is it right here oh so
mami tarde calls a tire place today and
says yeah do you guys have any old tires
I need to get a tight old tire for a
rope swing and the guys like oh it's
size she's like um I don't know just
like a tire swing size and the guys like
oh well I can't help you if I don't know
what size so call me back we know what
size just a tire dude we're gonna tie it
onto a rope and our kids are gonna swing
on it it doesn't matter what size it is
do you have anything laying around well
if I don't know what size there's not
much what I can do for you there's
customer service for you so anyways
we're here at quality tire and brakes
and we're gonna see if they have a tire
that we can tie tie on the rope okay
here we go
we're a tire place is why come on
we really don't need to bring all of us
in here thought it would be fun we need
a swing yeah we need a tire for a tire
swing for these little brats these
little monkeys and that orangutan
yeah looks good what do you think
centaur is that a good tire I'll grab it
get there get the dust out of their
political good he just call you a crazy
chicken un poquito yo soy Gordo FAO I'm
fat and ugly carrying your tire you got
to work for it come on you poyo loco
pick up the tire and roll it over let's
see if baby tart can pick it up baby
tart come pick up the tire she does she
definitely doesn't have her tire picking
up shoes on come on
Oh Oh got some black hands I sprayed up
really good all right that's awesome
three tired they didn't even charge us
you know what cuz I was just gonna run
in and see if I can grab one but I
thought let's bring the kids in and
that's just gonna melt their hearts
they're gonna look into the eyes of
these little tartlets and they're gonna
want to give them a free tire yeah
they're targets
I just renamed him so we got a tire it's
really dirty though we have to clean it
off and we're gonna hook it up to the
rope and they're gonna swing swing swing
to their heart's content what do you
think we're a Sprint store so she's
trying to decide between the Samsung
exclaim which is this or the good old
Blackberry which is this well what the
way we get compared to the iPhone would
be actually
the Palm Pre but what's better I've
heard I've heard some things about the
Creek I don't know
I think the Blackbird is the best okay
so we are about to do our good deed
karma act for the day we got this letter
in our mailbox I'm not gonna show you
let us show you that there's a stamp on
it it's been processed for the postal
system um we'll kinda call this guy John
or whatever we got this in our mailbox
because he has the same number of house
that we do and the name of his street
has the same first letter and the same
last letter and the middle are like
vowels and so they're kind of hard to
read so he got sent to the wrong address
basically because it's you can tell by
looking at it that our addresses look
very similar well don't ask me why but
mommy tard
last night was looking through the light
at what's inside this letter because you
can tell it's I'm trying to see yeah cuz
it's like it's not from a corporation
it's from a person well guess what's
inside this letter a check for eight
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars
yep so what we're doing is instead of
just throwing this back in the mail be
like that's not ours or thrown away or
whatever we are gonna drive to these
people's address and we're gonna be like
here's your check for $8,250 do you I
want this that's a Lamborghini 250,000
might want to keep a whole of that one
so I don't know if we'll be shot or if
they'll think we were trying to steal it
or something I don't know crazy this
could happen but I think they're gonna
be really grateful they're gonna be like
violent dude we've been waiting for that
eighty two hundred and fifty dollars
anyway so we're going to John's house
right now to take him his his lost
letter here we go okay we're here
I won't quiet you guys hold on mommy's
mommy's doing what are you doing
oh good a bong okay go oh but she
doesn't get meet up I have to keep it
down here cuz I don't want to show the
address just keep on her feet she's
ringing on the doorbell
two young school lads are walking by I
hope they'll put open the door I don't
think they're gonna open the door
because the mail is still sitting them
in their post post office box in their
mailbox however what if mommy mommy
targets beat up right here I'll take
their home what's the focus in I'm
trying to show the address they have a
very pretty yard
just put it in their box right there I
know just make sure they can see it
run they got a gun run run listen honey
sometimes the greatest I mean I know you
wanted to talk to them and and be like
look how nice we are but sometimes
sometimes it's good to do good deeds
without anybody knowing no it's not so
this this good deed will have to nobody
will know about it except for the
hundred thirty-three thousand of you but
they won't know who it was and that's
what counts right but we just want all
you to know what good people yeah son
tard I'm vlogging here but making
important points to the camera and
you're trying to make bubbles out of a
water bottle what's more important here
that's great that's great we just saved
somebody eighty two hundred dollars and
you're blowing bubbles good one baby
tard
please stop sucking your thumb how many
times I gotta ask you Butthead hey no
red cuz you're laying on it now it's
asleep glance Tia Oh baby cars ready to
go out on the town she's got her high
heels on those don't look very
comfortable very comfortable all right
oh we're going to eat at Island burger
they have really good burgers fairly
cheap they're delicious
dance you better sit down hearing it
kicked out of here why can't we see you
dance just show us you're doing the
chicken dancing begin
they taught baby tard the chicken dance
that are not it oh great okay sit down
sit down sit down sit down
are you telling us you got an entire
giant teriyaki pineapple cheeseburger
and chili the whole thing she will
seriously the exact same thing you're
scrubbing it honey dirty scrub this I
think mommy are described it you got
soap and a sponge just strain it off
okay pick it up and bring it in here
let's go hang it up okay we are just
cleaning off the tire we're scrubbing it
with some soap and water son tards been
spraying it for about the last 25
minutes loves water he loves to jump in
the water he loves to spray water loves
to drink he just he's the water the
water log what's those little things of
muskrat a beaver he's a beaver bring it
in come on you beaver pick that up or
that a build your little dam you little
sir can you roll it are you gonna dry it
off I'll look at you okay dry it off is
there water on the inside of it here let
me see here watch out
oh okay you can't really see this dark
but we kind of have a rope swing you
ready ready here we go you pull your
legs up so fun if your legs drag on the
ground the fun about to the tree no it's
not your shirt it's centered Stern
that's how kids work the second they go
and they're done they start yelling it's
my turn it's my turn it's my turn it
gets just a little bit obnoxious
