a BS in a broke this bear is naughty
that is in my top three favorite movies
of all time when you just give an are
honest review probably the best movie
air show you in ten years and I'm not
just saying that
hey guys good morning we well it's
afternoon now but we're making cookies
was a vias idea so I got my boss out
that Shay got me for I remember was my
birthday or Christmas or something one
year but hi Hillary
Oh food coloring fun we're going to make
pink chocolate chip cookies in honor of
Valentine's
and guessing even though it's not right
even everywhere yes
what are you meanwhile Cinderella's
doing her chores
scrub it Cinderella off the couch clean
the top clean it up oh oh it's
Cinderella that's the new Cinderella
walk Cinderella walks like that that
explains why your shoe got long jump
jack
oops what okay lets us know your bedroom
Cheers
yeah here's I what just gotta make sure
that's pretty good and if you want
that's why yeah why'd you know hey guys
we're gonna go ski ready for this these
ratchet boots though are really cool
they don't have Bobby get your ratchet
boots on ever
freaking ratchet boots not every weekend
there we go clean a raise it
spend a minute since I stepped up I
don't with my atoms that began to Uncle
Fester beside myself when I see my
reflection we all seven minutes from
that bar seven deadly sins is to get my
bread left font MJ tippy-toes I get in
stepped on willsez see my life s
Direction blood thicker than the body I
reflect on go-go-gadget just some dumb
feelin Vesta by taking notes I got my
best time ain't taking no dust come on
Sunday best on the tourism door gets
left on no more get stepped on
I went repairman to pay them
but it's Esther Randolph - ran down
study you with brain trust kickback like
Van Dam tell Uncle Sam to keep my ransom
you know because at the end of the day
there could be somebody trying to tell
you all the words there are to tell but
unless you just actually do it you're
not gonna know how to do it you know
that I'm all good yeah dance with my
team is a step tornado keep a cyclops on
your feet man I'm off I'm off it ain't
all my Venom's in the up you know the
world gotcha value every interaction
where's promised I remember my motto
don't believe me we'll shop
cuz I'm doing names like beanie boy
another paper talks electric I'm 21 you
better
all right this contraption that's not
what I want to say concoction he's
almost finished so I'm it wasn't look
right to our cookies but we put red dye
in it cause it's Valentine's Day is
coming out even though it's still
January but it's fun huh yeah it's fun
to make it red that is very rare those
are gonna be I into my twenties okay
hopefully doesn't affect the taste all
right what is next rose you know what's
next on the list uh baked no there's
something important you have to do with
the pants oh I know what is it
spray bake you a nothing up not this
wrap mm well you know what either one of
those things would actually work but
we're gonna put shortening the
shortening that you rub all over the pan
because that's a better way to do it
going for the other issues you talk
about you
okay
Oh God
I win I'm a survivor yeah dude I was
right here make sure you mention the
color to match color
Oh bingo bango
different
oh yeah oh dude you'll never have to be
bored again
telly definitely wanna see the spider on
your back
but planned on it we're going to learn
all right one way to be here was at the
top of the stairs in this month
okay so just flop vlog just start
vlogging and then come downstairs
this one's just like his dad you told me
start vlogging and then just come
downstairs and I'll be punching things
yes I'm eating chocolate don't just mean
no wonder my Brock is broccoli done
you're working out what are you doing to
work out oh my gosh how it's like a
Christmas explosion still in here whoops
what are you Wow you're working on those
like ninja moves huh okay what else are
you gonna do did you set this all up who
set the water jugs and the app Matt's
cool nice dude are you gonna own your
own gym someday no Jay are you gonna own
your own gym you could call it Brock's
bodacious body moves workout oh that's
original okay workout you don't want to
have your name in it that was really
cool actually what you just did you
could call it Brock's breaking no okay
Brock workout like it no workhouses Oh
veto us we're disbanding want to see us
who can look up things most okay so you
have a partner in crime here yeah okay
yeah yeah okay wait this is my chair
what if I break my chair oh my did you
fall yeah okay be careful you have to
use proper gym technique okay all right
mmm I asked Brock I'm like what do you
want me to do downstairs
just come on to me work out like are we
gonna work out together like do you want
me to like what am i doing like no just
come watch me work out so we're just
watching breath work out okay what are
you gonna do next
nice pull-ups he's so strong dude yeah
you know I bet when Dad sees this is
gonna be so proud of you look I dude you
just have to be careful okay
yeah all right maybe I should intervene
a little bit do you need a spotter
please
is that part of the workout you're
making me nervous my butt shaking over
here push-ups
on top of the rack I bet none of you
guys can do that hmm that's impressive
I'm impressed please be careful getting
down okay okay okay be careful some of
you guys may question my parenting and
not intervening in this but if you know
me you know I mean if you've known me
for as long as I've been on the internet
then you know that people are going to
do what they're going to do my kids are
fearless like their dad and sometimes I
bite my tongue on purpose so that they
can learn to be fearless and they can
keep that fearlessness instead of being
afraid of everything so that's why I'm
not saying get down right now even
though I want to what are you doing now
that's interesting mode cool should I do
some work out with you or should I just
keep watching you because I'm feeling a
little lazy you work out okay what are
those I just found up Eddie oh cool I
will buy that yeah what this one okay
yep that's same cool no this would be
your one okay get with me
okay can we can we vlog you for our
videos on the youtubes won't answer
did you know it I never use that would
you say well I'm just trying to sound
funny clips so that were 800 times
yeah okay this is Bart Baker all
youtuber got better with Baker and Shira
Lazar and I'm passing G shaycarl you do
the intros okay I'm Charles Trippy is it
weird with the cameras over here and
Ally there's Bobby how it works
I make up that's a hard part about this
festival is like doing can or sound like
that when you got like the Coen brothers
because Rosie they all know the red
carpet deal knows them this one there
they're spinning oh yeah they know that
it's all gonna change
you don't really know but I know that
it's all gonna change right this do you
guys have any questions for Matt he's
the writer director of the film the
second feature yeah Viggo Mortensen's
beard looks glorious don't be jealous
I'll see them you see the movie it'll
make a lot of sense so we are only
moments away yes sure sure
Oh guys she's in the movie yes these
guys are in the movie that we're about
to see I'm so excited
I'd like that
Katie Couric Shira you're the future
Katie Kurt Bart you're dating the future
Katie Kurt and let's go Katie Couric is
standing right over here
lock it down Barnes ha ha ha I better
propose to shira we're at Caiti Currey
girl she's right there hiding our
director was here 1997 the front a
language above came back in 2012 28
Patel rooms a lot of the stuff you use
besides that now is love science is such
a feat that he's grown so much as a
director that big house
Matt Ross is the director Matt rocks the
movies called Captain Fantastic our
secret
there's a place ball deep in snow in the
mountains beat on we're cinema personal
stories old and complex in water story
time is not all cherished but actually
suffer
yeah a B up in a pro this bear is
naughty okay so anyways we're shopping
24 1 anyway so this is my daughter this
is my son together
I'm just a fan two lines things oh no
it's like this D no it's not you're
going to break it
oh you're going to ring
that is in my top three favorite movies
of all time top three immediately this
is the director of the writer and the
director oh my gosh so it says a film by
their mobile teeth three kids I had many
many collaborators
Gizem director has many many many
collaborators the entire process was
legal one said okay you know I like this
is really hard part's past as you can
imagine meet someone who's beautiful
physically intellectually I can leave a
bunch of books tree talking okay anyway
he goes an extraordinary artist painter
poet actor photographer I think he's a
true renaissance man and I am absolutely
honored and targeted this is our honor
to collaborate and feelin's here here
sometimes there are things that you you
know you could do there's no reason not
to do it impractical you know family
matters all that but there's something
that keeps you from doing it that was
your favorite I think Mike Nichols had
said this the safest the interstate
chains you know and that's movies life
everything so thank you thank you
because you want us better character
sugar you're gonna come that's fine
today but then I the very first day of
rehearsal is dominant in baby funny work
the whole entire
model don't pictures of what all paths
to the artist the government want us to
get interim characters and the training
also included a lot of my books give us
all backpacks books about hunting and
tracking not chomskyan there's a book
called a preparation might go back in
all right
oh my gosh killers listen play just give
an honest review probably the best movie
I've seen in 10 years and I'm not just
saying that oh my god these guys you
will see you'll go to the movie will
bawl your eyes out and you will see
these people in the movie and you will
watch it over and over again
and it'll change the way you think about
the rest of your life oh my go see yes
he was exciting for me and that's when
the camera battery died right as I was
about to chat with my new friends
Samantha and Nicholas those were two
actors that were in the movie Captain
Fantastic Viggo Mortenson you guys
remember from Lord the Lord of the Rings
Steve Zahn from one of my other favorite
movies that thing you do they're all in
it anyways we went to see this movie at
Sundance and it really snuck up on me I
had no idea what we were going to see it
was like we're just all there at
Sundance mostly I was there to meet with
Morgan Spurlock to finish up things with
the documentary you guys wink wink
vlog you mentoree the movie I've been
working on with Corey Vidal and a an
apprentice a in Warrior poets yeah
that's going to be done pretty soon
anyways we go to this movie with Qasim
and Bart Baker and Charles and maker
studios people anyways we go to this
movie and it just caught me off guard
and I started bawling like I cried more
in this movie than I cried more during
that movie than I've cried in probably
the last six months anyways it's a great
movie check it out
it'll be interesting to see what you
guys think of it it is rated R there is
some swearing
I'd recommend screening it before you
let your little kids see it but you'll
see what I mean after you see it so
shout out to my new friends Samantha and
Nicholas who watched Chatard videos and
the
they were in this movie and so I'm huge
fans of them anyways that's today's vlog
I gotta go we'll see you guys tomorrow
you know how this works this is the end
slate you can click on yesterday's vlog
or you can see what the Shaytards have
been doing every single day for the last
seven years or you know there abouts
click on a video it's a clickable screen
we got to go see to my bye
