we are Los Angeles traffic so great
parking lot it's a parking lot in both
directions
see I tried to update my iPhone today to
the new mms you can send pictures
because that's that's the great iPhone
it can do anything in the world except
for this one thing that every other
phone can do anyways my phone says that
there's a something-something error and
I have to like start it over and go back
to the factory settings which also says
I'm gonna lose all my pictures and and
contacts and stuff I can't do that I
have so many contacts on my phone and if
I lose them it's just like a nightmare
to try to get all those phone numbers
back I have over 1400 pictures 1400
pictures at least I know in my phone
like good pictures of the kids YouTube
live and I never backed them up because
I'm an idiot I'm an idiot
I never backed him up on that computer
whatever so we're trying to go to the
ice store I store the Apple store the
Mac store we're trailer to Steve Jobs
house right now and we're now kind of
store and see if he can fix my iPhone
that's what we're doing and mommy wants
a new phone right how long have you had
that phone mummy this Christmas you'll
have this she'll have had this phone for
four years it still works
why to get another one if it ain't broke
don't fix it comes back to life keeps
coming every tired what are you looking
at what are you seeing out there you see
in Los Angeles yeah let your baby you
got your baby
this is literally like if you were to
say if you're saying okay what is the
worst time to try to get in on the
freeway
it would probably right now Friday night
at like 6:00 and then maybe everybody
wants to get home for the weekend it's
just ridiculous and what this is total
job why'd you turn this on I'm just
frustrated take that crap
nobody's stopping in this punch oh
abusive can see that I am take it over
okay
we have have walked around parking
garages for 30 minutes before so we're
at blue be 34 don't forget that and this
parking level be blue blue balls 34
right here and this parking garage has
some lights to say like look red light
means there's somebody parked here green
light you see the green light down there
well it's supposed to be like there's a
spot open I think but obviously there's
a car there I think yeah must be broken
because I think you're supposed to be
able to drive around and just look for
the green lights to find a spot but
there's somebody parked here maybe it's
from cuz they're from Florida I don't
know anyways we're uh we don't even know
where at I have no idea where at we're
apparently there's an iPhone store
there's an Apple store here so we're
gonna go try to fix the phone okay watch
this one is working okay so it's green
there's no car now here film me I'm
driving in
not yet you're not a car keep trying and
be a up your car I'm not sure that
says about my weight issue parking
garage thinks I'm a vehicle before this
is that you want to be an Abercrombie
and Fitch model come on come on let's go
let's go let's go of that lady come on
let's go
that's a baby tired we're here in the
Apple store finally made it and informs
me that I just have to hit the reap the
redo thing hopefully my information is
stored from the last time I updated it
to the 3.0 version anyways so we're here
with Sun tarde and I'm just putting I'm
just editing the final touches on my
video because I hit upload before we
left to come here and sent our humor son
tard says something to me okay what did
you just say to me
that's how I use that he just said dad
how did you get your picture on this
other computer remember that he said
that what did I say yeah that's right
you hear that I said you can see
everybody in the entire world can see
this picture and he because he just
thought that only our videos were on our
computer so we were on this new computer
he's like dad how'd you get the picture
on this computer so anyways teaching the
kids how the interwebs works may be
tired quit sucking your thumb everyone
around the world can see that how
embarrassing for you oh dang it
look we're on TV here's on TV good job
you guys this is our show
mooom we're on first but who's on second
get it that's like you know public where
where's the camera we're gonna find it
BAM pyres can't see reflections but
check this out
only I think this is Dyson like the
vacuum cleaner but shut the Sun you
slide your hands in there and it shoots
air I try this with my hand wet first
nice and soaked and wet
not bad give it a few passes put in
front of it in a row it's automatic look
at all that fancy technology care of her
hands together scrub them together your
hands heart good now sing get a sink
twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder
what you are
like no yeah you have to finish the
whole song like a diamond in the sky
twinkle twinkle
I think you're good
okay now wash them off get all these
journals off he's ever here now you're
supposed to sing twinkle twinkle little
star and that's how long it takes to
kill the germs on your hand I can't
remember where I learn that but you pick
it up in parents school I get to use the
hand dryer put both hands in put both
hands in there that looks like it's
gonna capture you and suck you into some
vortex lowly no flow did I hurt you all
right let's go
stand there thing why are you guys so
slow
let's shut Apatow
he made that movie funny people it's
really I'm like big nervous right now
yeah he made give me that movie so so
we're here at the mall just hanging out
with Judd Apatow and my family and guys
Houston
love your guys stuff is awesome so how
does it feel we just hung out with Judd
Apatow and Leslie Mann what do you think
kids huh daddy's a movie star now hey
they don't care they're like whoo what
we're beating each other up
you have your seatbelts on by the way
anyways I was so nervous I'd know that
silly I didn't think I would like any
other celebrity he he's the kind of guy
I would love to work with you guys have
seen funny people knocked up he's done a
lot of other stuff that's his wife
Leslie Mann and she's always like one of
the lead roles in the movies they were
cool really nice I don't know what to
say I was nervous I was like should any
sales afraid he's gonna yell at me or
something anyways famous no that's like
I will probably tell that story for the
rest of my life so sit down let me tell
you about the time I met Judd Apatow so
we were sitting at dinner this place
called Houston's nice little place in
Santa Monica oh that's the other thing
as I said that was my little joke I was
like so we're just hanging out where
should we go eat tonight
whoa he goes Houston's he goes I'll meet
you there so in my mind now I'm like
honey maybe we should really go
and she's like no he's not really gonna
be there he was just saying that but
what if what if he's like maybe he said
Houston's like suggesting it and then
he's like that actually sounds good I
think I will go there and we showed up
and we ended up getting table right next
to him and he's like hey you're the guy
was on the mom you got a nice beard come
sit with us and we sit down maybe we get
with we order the same thing and it's
like you like prime rib medium-rare too
with sour cream and bacon bits and
butter on your on your hot potato we're
meant to work together a man's gotta
have a dream handy about the town keep
dreaming
mazelTov
I feel like we just had a milestone in
life that song came on in send articles
oh I love this song dad can you turn it
up please yes son
I can judd apatow seriously such an
honor to meet you I love your movies no
shaycarl it is my honor mine Judd Apatow
great honor to be in one of your YouTube
videos
