okay we are going to sun tardes what's
the family reunion now we're going to a
parent-teacher conference and I remember
parent-teacher conferences when I was a
kid remember one time my mom came home
and I was like so nervous and I can't
even remember what I did I just remember
her pulling in the driveway and like I
was in the kitchen and I remember
opening the garage door like looking out
in the driveway and just a look on her
face I was like oh geez I'm in truck
she's like you and I need to talk and I
was like now I remember another another
time I can't remember I don't know I
don't remember what I did but I was in
trouble
that must be for homophobic people okay
box let's see your boxing oh yeah Sugar
Ray Leonard Mike Tyson the c-bucs Floyd
Mayweather a boxing baby tard Khmer see
box fighting is never the answer
the part is you learn that oh yeah let's
try what it's from get up there let's
show them quit being a shy button get up
that okay show them what you do this is
what Mommy does
quit being shy just do it you just punch
okay show us give us a little give us a
little lesson come on you're a fitness
instructor I know but not for you too
baby towards doing it just saying now
you're the worst fitness instructor ever
unless you prove me wrong right now come
on I see my student yeah I guess I guess
you are the work what does this move
called the spinny spinny heavy they even
got the sound effects down Oh kick now
you got a kick let's see a kick eight
nice issues counting eight nine ten
hi this is sergeant shaycarl I have
given those kids plenty of opportunity
to get their room clean wait who's
forget beauty I have a deputy here with
me sergeant O'Callahan Katie let
O'Callahan your Oh Kayla okay we're
gonna go in there they've been in there
for at least an hour and I've yelled at
them three times to clean that room
let's go see how they've done all righty
whoa is this clean
I think it's messier than it was before
it does look actually worse than when
you started
that's it line it up for spankings right
now mine up mine up right now line up
baby turn get in line get in line
face the wall hands on your head
hands on your head Oh face the wall okay
that's out it's gonna hurt worse next
time it's a tough kind of justice but
I'm willing to dish you down
Thanks tip you don't Callahan now let's
make out it's a dragonfly it can't
really see it no don't hit it let me see
if I can turn on the flashlight mode on
my phone I'm gonna hold my phone oops
Oh
there's a giant dragonfly right here on
our life you go throw the ball at it boy
wait let me ask you a question first
what if you hit the dragonfly
he falls off the light and lands on your
neck and starts biting your neck and
sucks your blood are you willing to risk
that Oh miss careful Oh careful you're
gonna whack Center in that face let's
just leave him alone let's just let him
be a happy dragonfly on our light he's
uh he's something seductive by the light
Junction shoo
I'm gonna grab him oh I got him catch
somebody doesn't like us see the bug no
okay I don't see her anywhere well I
guess she wins this round of
hide-and-go-seek
