you see we let you saw those right there
trying to scare you damn good you like a
spy you're gonna ninja you're like a
ninja pirate robot Nazi Chuck Norris spy
sure oh look at that a little bunny yeah
I'm still pretty sure that's what you
get a little chair with congratulations
I'm so proud of both of you I'm glad I
could spend my hard-earned money on some
plastic crap knock I was like uh-oh
dad's mad I'm going to the room oh geez
he's upset again I here I go I got it
scared you scared you what are you doing
I am tough
using preventative measures against
obnoxious critters like me wait I'm not
tiny
that smells our unit you're spread all
over there some people say that that
stuff gives cancer well some people say
some people say you could grow a third
testicle more kids for us did the
puppies need a cheat the puppies need a
treat yeah okay let's get the puppies a
treat this is what our puppies like you
have to get the puppies a treats
hey puppies sit lie down good puppy
now shake hands shake hands puppies say
can take any I found a way to get them
to obey and mind ok puppies are you
ready to eat here's your's
do need another one thank God happy
happy pretty puppy safe hey no hands
puppy where's the puppy safe and that's
how you get your kids to obey
she's singing Hardesty which sing is
what Monday Night Football I'll see what
the kids really
Shay is having so much fun there where
was that bomb supposed to go for yard
what get the spiders down out of the sky
good idea watch it whoa oh you're like
Tarzan the monkey man so do you guys
have pets if you do do you have these
brown spots in your yard look everywhere
oh you don't show the camera to the poop
she says you watch whoa anywho so we
went to the pet store the other day and
I found what they call a bond saver and
it's like a supplement that you can give
your dog that makes your grass daily
weird I've never heard of that before
what do you see Hey what is it oh it's
Lena yeah yes jump jump anyways so the
lawn saver do you guys think that's safe
to give your dog a supplement that keeps
the yard green I don't know let me know
what you think what are you doing are
you gonna swing
oh it's hard huh can you do it son tard
she's pretty good she's strong hey ready
we've built we built a little loop in
the bottom for the feet let's see what
you got
Malakai absolutely what needs to go
somewhere he's like pacing
this is chicken alfredo those two are
camps I guess no sugar I swear
send help quick there's a fat man down I
tell you man down
