hey guys video number 200 today can you
believe it do you remember where we were
at on our first video funny thing is we
just recorded 11 minutes of this video
and then it erased it erased and during
that 11 minutes she didn't remember
where the first video vlog of the
Shaytards took place which was on my
birthday
funny thing about her she doesn't like
her ears being yelled in who does some
people do now I am a joking my little
brother used to love when I would scream
in his ears he said it itched his ears I
would seriously yell as loud as I could
and he he said called itches is that
weird that's a weird memory it's a weird
memory that just came up really she does
and I learned that the hard way
because she cried once she has scar
tissue on her earlobes apparently from
from ear infections when she was a child
anyways this is not going okay so today
is the 200th day that's think about it
let's get in this tonic for a little bit
- why we've had the good times that made
us last this is why I like no entities
there's going to be no entity because
it's like I thought we'll just turn on
the camera and we'll see where it goes
so far it's gone - ear infections
screaming and my little brother's ear
and voice to marry the ABC BBD mm-hmm
okay - 200 Shh our videos um little fact
I just looked at this the Shaytards
annal has 24 million views so that's not
24 million people but there's been 24
million views of our life and we're at a
day - and you uh you'll juggle your jugs
that's why I want you to get pregnant
again your evil plan I am NOT going
along with it they're so big when she's
pregnant anyways stop stop talking about
you're the one that said I there was a
one thing as a one-hit wonder we're
supposed to like just move on
do you own this video anyways uh let's
scoot let's do some frequently asked
questions what kind of camera do you use
that's one of the biggest questions that
I get asked all the time over and over I
didn't want to tell you guys because I
wanted to contact the people at flip and
say can I have a free camera cuz I'm
gonna tell all these people that I used
your camera and I just need another one
I don't want a lot of money I just want
one more
flip because we want to get her one so
she can make more videos because I edit
on iMovie iMovie HD oh six it's horrible
I use feelings yeah the first the first
200 videos that I made on my shaycarl
channel if you're not subscribed link in
the sidebar
anyways was on Windows Movie Maker which
is horrible compared to what we have now
which I want to actually change and
start using Final Cut sorry oh that's
embarrassing
I'm start using Final Cut but right now
I use iMovie HD Oh 6 and we film on an
HD flip ultra and it's great it takes
two hours of footage you are you what's
it called when you stab somebody
it's like those knifes called me like a
switchblade
it's a switchblade USB port you flip
that baby out you plug it in your
computer and there's your footage how
does it get so clear because I've had a
few messages where people are like how
do you make it look so clear it's all on
how you export it from iMovie oh six HD
I'll leave though I'll leave those
details in the sidebar I'll leave those
on the sidebar too because there's a
special way that Charles Trippy taught
me how to use second question why is
your front door always open shaycarl
answer that one honey
we live here in California pretty close
to the ocean and it's nice it's it's not
too hot here but there's no air
conditioning we have three fans which
anybody who knows me knows that I have
hanging out with me at all times
because I'm a fat sweaty guy so we have
three fans and we have windows and that
front door so we leave the front door
open because it's nice is there's a nice
cool breeze that comes in and we have
bushes around our house so people that
are walking on the street can't see us
in our house
naked I mean if they paid for the bushes
they could Amy who's all next question
what's a frequently asked question you
get
I do too
always busy raising you think you know
something about fitness
let's talk about our hair my facial and
your head of hair you guys think she
should cut her hair I don't think when
we met when we met she had this long
hair and I love it it's one things about
that I love about her is how long her
hair is I think it's pretty I like it
why do I change something that works and
she married me because of my gorgeous
beard right I said I said I I said that
I would not cut my beard getting big I
said I would not cut my beard until
January 1st 2010 and it's becoming
obnoxious itchy large uncontainable it
has superpowers there's there's a small
immigrant family in the facial hair and
anyways so I kind of want to I kind of
want to shave it but I said that I would
leave it what happen like we're having a
beard tarred contest if you didn't know
we're having to grow out your beard
contest and you can email me your before
pictures at beard tart at gmail.com um a
couple things would also want to talk
about we got to make this under 10
minutes a couple of YouTube things that
some of you guys don't get most of you
do but a lot of people you know what I
mean I'm not going to talk about it a
lot of times these videos have more
radiance than views because YouTube
counts the view slower but if you ever
ask the question in the comments you'll
probably be hit by a lot of people
explaining to you we're pretty stupid
which I kind of appreciate thank you to
the people who do know why that happens
and you explain it to those newcomers
that's not yell Adam you know because we
were all new mutts also the the quality
of the videos isn't as good in the first
two hours usually because it takes
YouTube time to process it this
we're shooting with the eyesight on the
computer so it's not going to be an HD
because this is what we usually shoot
with and we're not shooting with that
now so this won't be as clear what about
one of our kids names
their names are Huey Dewey and Louie
what kind of embarrassed because we
picked bad names and we don't want to
tell you guys that so we named them son
tart princess harden baby toys and those
are a lot better are we gonna have
another kid that's another question do
you want this video she wants to have
five because her mom had five I say
what's the reason because I have a big
family and growing up a big family I
realize how much fun it is to have
siblings so much fun two hundred videos
I think that's all the questions I don't
know that's stupid there's less another
question a lot more questions that are
asked are we staying in California
yeah we're getting the closer the ten
minute work we are staying in California
this new place we signed a year lease a
couple months ago so we'll be here for
at least another ten months anyway so
really here another ten months and we'll
see what happens you know but you guys
are gonna know because we make videos
another question I'm asked a lot is
after the year is over after 365 days
are you gonna still make videos we have
a hundred and sixty-five days to decide
that's that's we're more than half done
so what are we gonna do will we stop we
don't know what's the determining factor
would you guys watch more than 365 days
I don't know we haven't decided yet
we've thought about maybe putting it
like on our website which is shaycarl
calm it's not up right now because it's
under reconstruction anyways we'll see
but one thing that we really do
appreciate is you guys watching these
videos rating them five stars commenting
you'd be surprised how many of the
comments that we read favorite in the
videos it really makes a huge difference
and it I guess what it does by rating
the five stars is it encourages us to
keep sharing our lives with you because
sometimes it's not easy sometimes we
just like one of the nice Oh move on
back back Internet you know let us just
enjoy our lives which means she doesn't
link the negative moments yeah she's not
pregnant so anybody you're like I think
anyone's pregnant really you're so far
apart why your eyes so far apart all
right so here's to two hundred videos
and to at least one hundred and sixty
five more I remember when we started
this project it seemed like an
insurmountable amount of work and it has
been it's not easy it's it takes it
honestly takes like the whole editing
and compressing and uploading process
takes at least four to five hours out of
my day every day which is fine he really
puts his heart and soul into it okay
we've been sitting here talking for
twelve and half minutes we're out peace
to the homies peace in the Middle East
vote Obama no I vote or somebody did I
voted for McCain who'd you vote for you
did what I'm unsubscribing
