now it's recording okay we're filming
this come film Malakai hi watches Lake
filmless Lake that was later here seat
put on this leg hi watch how you chicken
I'm watching you watch going any minute
here he goes the leg like do like Elvis
do you like he's like he's a stomping
fool I think it means he likes it gonna
film him well it breaks a started
filming for a sec
let her try
don't let her try you're the cameraman
with the century this scrubber he loves
this scrubber look at all that hair this
is really nasty oh it was laying against
me they liked it there like a pumping
good give you girls Oh ain't nothing but
a hound no I'm scratching all the time
wait you know the bottom ellicott no
kicking my leg ain't nobody gonna tell
me that I ain't gonna kick my leg yeah
all right cut
hey oh okay
that's fun
hey come on come on you are a honey hey
come here
do you not want to be sprayed anymore
okay I'll clean what and ammonium it
what saying and try and increase your
manlihood their son tard
Hey look at me
please for your face look at me look at
me when I'm squirting you in the face
look me in the eyes son tard
I dare you look at me look at me and
smile look at me and smile let me see
you let me see your teeth look at me
smile real quick one two three hook one
two three look make one sudden movement
don't you dare princess car doesn't like
this game it's just a water fight look
at mommy
look at mommy is okay I was praying
mommy not you it's always better when
you have the hose I feel bad here you
wanna spray me now no spray me you might
get the camera though you know what
let's just spray you some more yeah
he's right here looks like two people
are hiding from the hoes but he guys
hiding from you have a retard foot
massage going on sometimes rubbing this
foot they be charged rubbing that foot
starts taking care of the pedicure Huson
having kids was bad getting free foot
massages here what tickles tickles good
kids as soon as you're done with this
you can start with mowing the lawn gotta
get rid of the bugs you ready all right
we're at Home Depot what are you getting
why is it just scumbag you guys so
Malachi that's embarrassing to say house
please say hi okay Malachi has fleas
it's making me itchy so we're gonna buy
a bunch of stuff we already gave him a
flea bath but now we're getting some
stuff for the home and I think we're
gonna get front line is the flea stuff
