good morning good morning good morning
it's great to stay up late good morning
good morning to you what's worse that
Sun where's that from speaking of memory
what are some of your earliest memories
I I can still remember we're going to
pick up princess starting from preschool
right now and I still have memories of
preschool I used to go we lived in
Phoenix Arizona when I was a kid and we
would go to this place called Mary
moppets and there is this lady her name
was Miss corner that was like I don't
know if they it's like a nickname or if
that was her real name she was vicious
like she was like mean and we had
naptime and there's these cots these
little green cots would get out and we'd
sleep on during nap time and one day I
had this little I was like a little army
guy or like a little toy car or
something then I was playing with during
nap time
and she kept coming over and saying you
need to be quiet and go to sleep so then
I kept playing with him I remember to
this day she coming over and like
shaking me is saying go to sleep and
she's like hanging over and drool
started coming out of her mouth not even
joking she was like lean over no I swear
I swear on everything that's good and
only if my brain serves me correctly I
remember this she was leaning over
shaking me and drool was coming out of
her mouth and I remember even this is
like a kindergarten age I remember
thinking this lady is crazy
she's drooling on me as she's yelling at
me and I I remember she walked away and
I think she was probably embarrassed
because it like dripped down and I just
remember laying there like okay I'm
gonna go to sleep now so it's one of
your earliest memories miss corner if
you're watching this I'm not gonna go to
sleep I'm gonna play with my toys as
long as I want quit drooling on me okay
princess card is gonna show us what she
learned in school today and it's called
what's it called
the chicken dance did I read it or not
that I read another letter letter letter
letter that is that it what's it called
do it one more time ready done it at it
at it at it I do not better let it out
it usual Scott how come I know the
chicken dance is that right I think
that's the right
for some reason I think it's from DJing
dances when I was a DJ I used to DJ high
school dances and I think I think they
used to want to do the chicken dance I
don't know it's so cool
princess start do it one more time got
it out it out it really it's a
California thing for stay in school you
learn the chicken dance
hey Britt to start did miss corner drool
on you today hey dude
hi don't wait at me
anyway forgetting our van cleaned it
always is nice to get get the minivan
clean I want one of these guys to worry
about me
it was feels like it's new once it's all
clean it's like they almost look it runs
better to these even feel that way when
the van is clean doesn't get runs better
I don't know I always feel that way
yeah he waved at me that guy way yes
that comfortable you got a nice
comfortable massage chair you don't
really you don't really reach all clean
so good
shiny looks brand-new
you did a heck of a job Thanks mm sounds
like pina coladas in here what are we in
the tropics
this guy's the magician thanks man it's
a whole new vehicle look at the - Oh
clean and fancy
megusta uh-uh
you just streaked the window roll up the
window
oh no you didn't good job all right
there yes you streaked it you totally
streaked it I learned my lesson one time
I was with my friend Trevor and he just
got his car wash I was like oh girl down
the windows he's like dude oh did you
get you get the wetness that's inside
here Trevor would be so pissed at you
right now
what why you guys I'm going to the
office I'm going to do my job where I
make Internet videos bye hey love you
like see ya there nice fresh clean van
push it the please there's something
good about being able to provide a nice
vehicle for your family
let me show you guys this this is
Kasim's truck now I know this is in
Charles vlog you see these two
handprints and this big belly mark that
was me Charles thought it was Qasim that
did it but that's from one night we're
at a barbecue and Cass was trying to
leave and I'm like dude you can't leave
and I jumped on his hood so that those
hands and that belly belong to Shay Carl
right there immortalized in the hood of
Kasim's truck forever yeah
Lisa left my mark on this life that's
what we need
I like the like the neon to okay we're
getting rope
we need rope the white stuff because it
looks like oh yeah that stuff's really
good right there anyways um this is for
two purposes one for a shoot that we're
shooting tomorrow and I've been wanting
to build a Qatar swing in there treat a
shoot really cool shoot were shoot
monsford shoot we're shooting where's
your glasses I have contacts in today
you look like Ralph Macchio sweep the
leg Johnny put the body
who knows that movie that's gotta give
it away alright how much rope we got you
dance we didn't scare him we tried to
scare him they weren't scared I'm gonna
say we're doing errands for the station
that I wrote live
LAF if the lab station the last station
all right
oh McDonald was a black a black wait did
you know yeah yeah
remix did Michael Jackson pictures no
speaking to my Mike he did it with
little children's fingers no from a
catalog call the rabbit that belongs to
a ladybug speaker to the mic somebody
pass gas as I was walking this way so
I'm a big fan of it do you know what you
call a person that never never never
passes dance in public what a private
tutor anymore oh that's it that's a
great problem to have
Cassidy tell you if you never had a joke
Chyna give us one more hot spicy your
mouth
I like mild okay this would be mouth
they did a study before him Jay died
mister he's like the Jacksons great
great great person
they said a lot of people were saying
that he was almost like a person that
won the silver medal but they did they
did the man and they discovered Michael
Jackson was not I repeat what it's not
like anyone that ever won a silver medal
because he never came in I think you're
the spicy one here you go you hear it
right here on the Santa Monica third
what is this where we are we're 3rd
Street Promenade problem or the
promenade thank you thank you sir what's
your name sir laughs a lot right there
you know website go that would be great
if he then G Warren G the rapper yeah no
way all right check them out Warren Jean
the rapper and here's my quote for today
all right and have a good day old
purpose no matter what okay cameras
rolling and action that's you okay we're
in a Sephora we're buying this spray
thing for a skit we're doing tomorrow
and she said are you on YouTube and I
said no I'm just a guy in your
store goes no don't lie to me anyways
you're gonna be in tomorrow's video so
when do you think you'll watch it in the
morning afternoon for tonight so
tomorrow night he's the HNIC she is the
director director the D I see do you
know HNIC stands for
it's from a movie nevermind anyways it's
good to meet you thank you thank you for
being in my video here was Isaac at the
Santa Monica Third Street Promenade and
he's gonna be in the video tomorrow so
say hi to yourself amen
savory Isaac hi Isaac I mean she has a
great personality never gets any less
awkward before it happens I don't know I
don't say like what should I say I never
people like say hey Shay I see on the
internet I'm like I was feel like I
should see what you thank you thank you
thank you being friendly it's nice to
meet you anyways
we're headed home now we got all the
crops we need and it's lisanova she
spent a lot more money than she should
have
Lisa you're spending this stations
budget in one night it's just to make
better video how are we supposed to do
Gossip Girl that's true they're doing
they're doing a Gossip Girl video and
apparently they need all these clothes
so it's gonna be great make it good teen
cribs great you guys we're headed home
right now deed dinner it's gonna be
awesome
love you guys
dance dance
she danced she kissed the camera we're
watching what does this show call
creation
well that's dancers oh he's so pretty
who thinks they're pretty dancers Jenny
or free dancers carrots pretty dancers I
knew it
okay ready okay open your mouth laughs
laughs okay open wide ah other way brush
those teeth and you know sugar bugs that
cheese cheese there we go get the front
of those choppers I feel unclean
okay rinse and spit brenton spit get the
stool out rinse and spit that those
those sugar bugs out of your mouth good
boy
did your Jesus remember that I were my
dad brushing my teeth and I hated it
cause it was like it like cut a hole
that he would like really brush anyways
sometimes you have to oversee the
brushing of the children it's really
easy really rinse and spit and your
professional spinner their son tart you
done hey come here wipe your face off on
that towel right there you ain't go to
bed I love you I love you take your
night love you all right put the kids to
bed
