driving to the office in the morning
there's a lot of traffic but I bypass it
on my sweet bicycle oh my sweet bicycle
good morning going to work today we are
shooting some stuff in the station where
we will be beating each other senseless
see a few of those behind the scenes
today is princess tarts first day in
school
anyway Princeton starts going to school
today I should have filmed her before I
left but anyways gonna be filming all
day and I just read in the office right
now and I'm tired
it's 9:30 this is early for me it's that
bad it's 9:30 in the morning I'm like
early yeah that is pretty pathetic okay
concentrate come on Dave you got your
handshake down yeah good nice this is
what we're doing at the office let's see
then write this who's got it perfect no
oppressor don't screw this up seriously
hurry take your clothes off okay yeah
here with Cecily she is applying makeup
to my face I've never had this done
before it's very nice it's kind of
relaxing it's like getting a haircut
he's starvin what are we eating for
lunch you wanna what salad nicoise salad
what's that it's got green beans and
tuna and that sounds disgusting potatoes
I like potatoes and do we deep-fry them
and put ketchup on it there's no ketchup
and it sounds disgusting
I need to practice my backup for me
Dave Dave what's the Panera that's the
biggest take out the hog I've ever seen
let's sleep I didn't know they had such
huge take out there
I got the turkey you don't know it's a
tuna yeah
sack lunch day you're at the station
this reminds me of field trips thanks to
our makeup lady the job what there's a
boy was he nice so how was your first
day of school
did anybody beat you up was everybody
nice
did you beat anybody up why not sit what
did you have any lunch how was your
school day today what'd you learn what
are we paying these schools for anyways
do I look beat up
vibe I love you kind of kiss me kiss me
so jealous I'm such a good family
bye oh that just breaks your heart
doesn't it hey here we are in Los
Angeles and we are going to get some
chains for the fight sequence we're in
full makeup and I'm wondering if they're
gonna look at us funny when we walk in
this makeup and say yeah we need some
chains hey give me any chains bands
looks the best still has it he still has
it
Ben was on the west wing guys know that
he was he was on the west wing as a 911
addition he was on I don't know that so
we're going into anawalt Lumber Company
grabbing some chains hey is that a song
see cranes whistles rape whistle Oh
burning hair getting four feet where'd
you get four feet a chain the four feet
of chain a chain I'm gonna beat somebody
with it it's gonna be tilt Franco with
this right here
there's a scene there's a scene when
when you have that he's one of them has
a baton switch swing and then who's
gonna get the chain and he's gonna rip
it around the neck around the bat and
pulled it out of his hand
are we gonna really how we gonna do this
that's good that's gonna be wrist I
might lose some fingers Oh remember this
I remember clocking in
it's a long time ago I used to clock in
and out grab one of these babies time
cards brings back memories a lot has
changed
do you punch a clock you guys have a
time card how do you guys sign in man
having a really nostalgic moment right
now now what do I do for a job there
were and we're paint on my face and go
by trains at hardware stores I like it I
like it that way
are you gonna be able to he get like
swinging at you and like wrap it around
that be honest we just got our asses
kicked so we're gonna get this chain
it's payback yeah that's some good butt
whuppin chain thanks man all right here
on set blown-up balloons
except for Lisa can't run smoking a
doobie oh he's trying to blow brutally
good you get it they're really hard to
blogs they're so small small the
diaphragm don't drink you need the
diaper there we go oh so Freitas in a
fog at a kid give me five let's cheers
those you ready
yes sir you could take a nap after your
yes anymore I'm gonna use this for my
luggage okay this is one take here you
go watch these guys the back I watch it
can you actually see lights it back all
right great yeah and you walk up to it
first you get angry
alright job you're the king of the party
all right end of a good shoot
thanks so much mr. llama head you did it
you did a heck of a job today really
professional hundred percent committed
he made good bold actor choices to my
high five like a beast
it's been a great day with mr. llama
head call mr. lammeter's michael plus
one well did great job today
oh all of you going to the bathroom what
do you want
come on I want to talk you busy right
now just leave me alone
I just right here ty you're done geez
she's so creepy
I heard that Shane go away gosh
