hey mommy tard are you trying to lose
weight I thought you're trying to lose
weight
what's your problem you're gonna have
Milla wafers on your salad I thought I'd
run this box
oh yeah those are croutons that's what
goes on salad and I grabbed this not
vanilla wafers hey it might be good
Shia Halloween away my fellas the Caesar
dressing is our Caesar dressing on that
Caesar dressing I can't pick it up it
might actually be pretty good bill the
wafers Caesar dressing it himself it's
good there's not bad yeah Nilla wafers
it wasn't the garlic taste I was going
for but it's a sweet sweet garlicky so
like hi guys she like totally said he
doesn't phone booth in an area so I'm
just like funding for them right now
so what here's my her love sure
Charlotte me like what do you want in
her
ah scared
got her totally got her you did hey guys
what's going on shaycarl here in my
kitchen was my family and my camera and
at 7:17 at night tyson tarde how are you
nice to meet you good to see you too and
I'm the only thing all day except for
that remember that little Nilla wafer
incident in your Caesar salad that was
all me see oh it's pretty view out here
goodness view I love the palm trees with
the the pink and blue sunset I've been
under the house all day you to know I'm
trying to create content for you nice
ridiculous hour light burned out so uh I
don't get out of the Hoffs house all day
long just been a lazy day there's
spiders up here oh look there he is you
guys there's this giant spider right
here you can't tell because obviously
it's far away but he hangs out there
every night from he has a web opening
move oh he's a web from this tree and
it's giant it's probably the size of a
dime would you say I'm his butt sister
his abdomen is about the size of a dime
it's huge and it's scary because when
you walk out here you're just like
waiting for spider to drop on you and
bite you I was watching this show on I
can remember where it was it was called
a thousand ways to die I was talking
about all these crazy ways people died
and one of them was a spider bite this
guy in Europe got bit by a black widow
spider and he didn't go to the hospital
he thought just takes medicine anyways
he got all like messed up like he was
drunk because of the venom got in him
and he ended up he had all these animals
in his house he had like lizards and
snakes and stuff and for some reason in
the drunken stupor
stuper of the spider venom he like let
his pets out of their cages anyways long
story short the guy died and they found
the body
two weeks later well guess what all of
his animals were still alive
but only because they were feasting on
the body of their dead master crazy
story there's another story about a guy
got ran over by a semi and was in two
parts and he lived for like four hours
and they tried to save him it's a crazy
show it's called a thousand ways to die
other crazy one this guy and his brother
were drunk driving up in the mountains
and they had guns and they're out
drinking beer driving their truck
shooting guns getting all crazy one of
the brothers went to set up another beer
bottle to shoot it prints the start of
telling a story he anyways the brother
started in a drunken stupor started
shootin at the other brother like just
joking around so the other brother
starts running back to the truck like
dude she me don't shoot me trips falls
on the ground where there's a
rattlesnake the rattlesnake bites him in
the heart I'm gonna punch you in the
face I'm told a story I'm just kidding I
punch her in the face
anyways the rattlesnake bites him in the
heart dies instantaneously because it
went right to his heart like the blood I
usually get bit on the leg it'll travel
up your bloodstream well anyways he died
immediately because it bit him right on
the heart like not on the heart but in
the heart area so crazy show I don't he
hasn't seen it that's kind of ironic to
me that's like when God's like okay you
guys are done screwing around he could
he could have died a million ways could
have got shot they could have got drunk
driving drove off into a canal or
something but a rattlesnake got him here
you're cute yeah hey stay off my Twitter
stay off my Twitter denise is here is
she got a met Twitter and
Landorus Commons wasn't me Yeah right in
a script for a video that we're gonna be
working on and that's me great and I
just got done explaining how the spiders
killed so many people here and Denise
says that she heard that they don't kill
any people here
that's what Tay Zonday set so apparently
Tay Zonday said spiders don't kill
anybody you guys do the research how
many people die a year from spider bites
and you say zero let's bet let's bet a
thousand dollars you all of that anyways
so you guys know how many people a year
die because of spider bites answer me
I'll give you $1,000 no I will not okay
can this be quick funny might be quick
I just just hurry and let's hurry this
up I have some nachos to eat and some TV
to watch okay well I want to talk you're
gonna listen I'll listen as long as I
can film it okay can you tell my glasses
are crooked
yeah definitely do you guys want to know
why they're crooked cuz I punched you in
the face
now Oh should I point you in the face
baby's hard likes to play with little
things this look funny parent you make
this cheese thanks okay tell us what are
you gonna do okay come everything if I
have to listen this crap you guys you
have to listen to it too this already
some light turn that light on and be
quick about this it's going to be what's
this okay not information that does not
belong in the information station this
that's my name she goes we're going to
call this the information wall and I
said couldn't we call it the information
station that's his contribution yeah
okay so what are you do anything else
okay this whiteboard is it go on this
wall and then I'll get one of those
little peg boards to okay and we're
going to have the chore chart
and the calendar and the kids is reading
charts right here so yeah everything
right here so basically this is the wall
of death the kids will learn to hate
this wall well as it was come to
symbolize the work they have to do the
boring crap they have to read
a little bit some money how much we
gonna pay him like five and ten cents
per okay what are they gonna do they
have to clean runners so they're gonna
earn money doing chores like if you get
a nickel or a dime you're like oh thanks
so here's what we're gonna do with our
kids I don't know how you guys were
raised or how you guys do it now or if
you are parents what we're gonna do is
as your children and living under our
household you have a certain amount of
things you have to do like you have to
clean up after yourself you have to
clean your room
those just because you live here means
you have to do those things but you're
also gonna get a chance to earn money by
doing extra things like vacuuming
vacuuming take out the garbage garbage
feeding the dog consecutively you want
to teach them you know how to work to
earn money because guess what that's how
you get money you work yeah so he hated
learning how to work but it was really
good that's good - that's good work and
I remember my friends in school didn't
have any money but I did because I work
York so what it's gonna be like a
quarter per chore so if they vacuumed
the floor they get a quarter a quarter
perch or on the information station
we'll have to get a lot of quarters yeah
but there has to be a limit to how many
jobs they can do because then Sun charts
gonna be like oh I'm gonna go do this
now mom yeah well I did this look at Sun
tarts a money-grubber that kid he still
has the $3 he got for his tooth in his
pocket he takes it with him everywhere
Ben and Casson were here last night and
they're like where's the money you go
for your tooth and he pulls it out is it
gray here and he always has change
anywhere we go he has change in his
pocket because he always wants to get a
gumball or something out of the machines
and he got tired of asking mom do you
have a quarter to give a quarter so he
just whenever he finds change he just
puts in his pocket whenever we go
somewhere he runs over there he has this
quarter to buy something so it's cute
though cuz then princess starts like
yeah she's already played the role of a
woman she's like can I have a quarter
too and he always does give her one
usually so okay so that's it we're out
of time this is the information station
chores and all that crap then what's
over here
one right
here throughout me strictly menu so it
people are gonna they say are they gonna
say men like like hot men me strictly
men right on this room really hot you
know forget about you really have men's
I had I have hot abs with these babies
hot bun okay we're back from making out
you look disappointed okay whew that was
good we're done you're like so what's
okay a menu but we're in eat goes on
there yes so the every night at dinner
people don't have to go what are we
eating what are we gonna have can just
say refer to the menu chart please and
get out of the kitchen all right looks
like your uh it's like you're getting
attempting to be an organized you're
shipping this shipshape in this place up
alright internet for the shaycarl
household we got our slave driver right
here see you guys tomorrow okay outside
the house and there's a helicopter
circling the house with a spotlight
pointing it something he's been circling
for about fifteen minutes it's part of
living in California I guess I'm waiting
for somebody to come running through my
yard any minute but uh seriously about
fifteen minutes this helicopter just
stayed in a tight circle like right over
our house shining a spotlight down on
the ground what are you looking for yes
Los Angeles Police Department
oh hi officer how's it going yeah we're
here on reports of somebody with a
disgustingly long ugly beard I'm not
sure who you're referring to well I
think I'm just gonna have to tase you
anyways
no oh gee out it hurts ow oh stop it
please no really please stop that's
really singing my my skin okay
