what are you doing
I appended me yeah a min ago she loves
hey I'm just watching you I'm 16 and
getting pinched by the baby tired mommy
tards going to get sun tarde from school
he's so excited you're gonna go with mom
oh you're gonna go give the paper to the
class is that so you can go to school
are you excited
we're gonna go in two weeks what are you
gonna learn what grade are you gonna be
in it's called preschool it's what you
do before you go to kindergarten like
son tard what
sometimes in kindergarten you excited to
go to school
it's called preschool you have to go to
a school to learn how to go to school
and then you can go to kindergarten
which is also pre before first grade
okay give me five knowledge is key
remember that kid oh okay bye Otis where
do we get bills actually you got
something but I get what is it you got a
package I'm gonna go see oh it is
awesome yes bye Wow bye
okay so I did I got a package from rhett
and Link and if you guys remember from
my earlier vlogs what's one of my
favorite word's package passage I don't
know why it's one of my favorite words
one I like the C and the K and the G the
the courage package plus the word
denotes excitement
cool what's in here I got a package so
package is one of my favorite word's
what's one of your favorite word's
they said what they say hi Shay hope you
guys enjoy this please tell your family
and friends about Locklear movie.com
I'm telling you guys right now Locklear
movie.com thanks rhett and Link cool
what's in here okay I'm gonna open right
now and see I bet it's a movie here we
go thanks rhett and Link for the movie
I'm excited to watch it maybe I'll just
cuddle up on the couch right now and
watch looking for miss Locklear this is
sweet I need to make neat cards I'm
jealous
if you guys don't know who rhett and
Link err mean where have you been go
subscribe links in the sidebar
I got a written League sticker what are
what I'm gonna do with it I stick it to
something anyways thanks guys I'm
excited to see it here we are on sets
and the park
Oh looks like I'm gonna get all this
great footage and you're not gonna have
any for yourself Michael here we paid
this guy especially to mow the lawn
while we try to use audio with this
microphone
I'm the boom guy I always put me in
charge of booming this cuz I'm such a
good audio guy 7 year for these things
mama third life was like a box of
chocolates so
we're just standing here I'm standing
here waiting for the edger to stop
because it's messing up the audio so as
soon as the edginess complete the scene
will take place here with David's Bates
get up here my my face okay sorry
just cast me guys what do you mean by
these guys you guys gotta go subscribe
lot of you are asking me who what's
Kasim's vlog channel it's Kassem G -
link in the sidebar yeah uh if you would
oh you know that's enough guessing sit
down
anyways also subscribe to this hilarious
gentleman it's lassie - it's laughing
hey look laughs and Pete a little I'm
gonna put both of them in you guys go
subscribe to both hilarious oh shut up
what did you say this situation is a
little sketch yeah totally snitch
also check out totally sketch links in
the sidebar you guys all owe me $20
since grade school names Casey Evans she
she commented and said I've been
watching Shaytards and I said are you oh
really and oMG like I love everybody and
you've known her from before and she
under such greats while we're bringing
people together here on the Shaytards
now she loves you man nice I love you
too Casey
what do I got do you know one of these
wait what do you say what do you say say
please say please say please say pretty
please
hey buddy please I hate up say thank you
say thank you
good girl good five years thank you
watching the Chargers game here with
kisum and gigi lat doesn't care too much
about the Chargers game such a chick you
got mallet hard so just got a fresh bap
today should Google book your Zawar
here's our jungle puppy you're starting
to get grey dude Malachi is 7 years old
is he 7 or 6 boy go lay down
it gives a good sense of the gears then
entertain my dog in my kid we're
watching the game okay thanks bud very
very good
you old me holy crap holy that dog is
huge Wow I bet you could ride him you
got a saddle for that animal I betcha he
eats a lot you should probably get a
little monkey and Ryder
ruff
