hey girls where we going where are we
going though wonderful you found a hook
for your purse where are we going take
these back why are we taking these back
anybody now get too short the shoes are
too short okay we're going to the dollar
store to get a toy and to get some other
things but oh we got some news
what does oh I know that's okay though
this is the wrong box okay we got send
heart some new school shoes right you're
setting them out for school and lo and
behold two left foot and the left
somehow she did it just two left feet
but not only do we have two left feet
but we have a one and a half and to do I
don't know how we got out of the store
with two left feet one and a half and it
too but we did and okay ladies we got
our person get your purse and do you
have your purse and we and mommy has her
purse and we're going shopping like
totally go at the shoe shoe place okay
let's go
what's shoes can't see baby teeth did
you find them oh good we have this shoes
oh those are sassy brassy beautiful
little white shoes can you dance in them
yes that's alright
not a girl dream princess this is the
hardest place to get the girls out of as
a shoe store
okay maybe tard what's the problem we
had a shoe store meltdown take them out
of your mouth and tell them what you did
she threw a fit she found her size of
shoes and she was trying on every shoe
that she could grab I'm on then mommy
said it was time to go and she threw
herself down on the floor I won a pig
I'm gonna pin who she threw herself on
the floor
just like that only a lot louder and
high-pitched similar to that anyhow she
likes shoes okay so both the girls have
to carry their own baskets and baby tart
Keats and mom epi
like it's heavy I go - want me to carry
it no no you only get two things so it's
out twenty or two things want to read
that's a Hannah Montana book no you
don't don't we get two things so
whatever you want
pick two so you gotta put two of those
back sugarplum no - show me - you can
only pick two things see - - show me -
so I'll show you - there's my favorite
thing of course you're not gonna get to
eat all those but I won't tell you that
now is that happy happy
this is a nightmare okay princess tripod
you get shoes
the really safe high heels that have no
traction on the bottom mermaidia
coloring book awesome the stickers bonus
yeah that looks like the coolest
coloring book ever okay oh pretty excuse
me okay baby tried once you get
guarantee one of them is gonna slip
hang in those shoes but I'll show you
why no scratch and they have this little
thing that's supposed to be traction but
no that's not gonna work
right good luck hold on I had to film
this I think it's a scooter
it's got a leopard-skin seat cover very
comfortable you don't like him yeah so
they were only a dollar I guess that
makes you learn your lesson don't ever
wear high heels nice dancin oh alright
is it lunch time or together
we're talking yet a completely separate
they're not as part where he goes he
will support anybody for one minute must
have a hundred thousand subscribers it's
not very good though I wish the zoom was
better on those did you see the iPod
Nano I heard they have video camera yep
and that iPhone doesn't what the f Steve
Jobs what that hey is that the drummer
Foo Fighters no I think he's the
president of Kid Rock span class how's
the mic on this thing
stereo fine is it Y how wide is it
that's pretty wide huh what are the
focus the focus is best probably not
yeah focus gets good about a foot and a
half away anything closer and subscribe
my notes this is the new script for
writing for the next station video see
look you guys can read it all here it is
you guys should make it right now god
you can't see that be some hilarious
somewhere I thought you're panning
down to my genitalia area it's like
Michael no this is a family show
shaycarl writing a writer
left-handed mind you that's the devil's
hand no Michael
everybody's born right-handed but only
the truly great overcome it ha ha you
know who else is left-handed
Hitler Barack Obama Oh same thing what
we're gonna get that part out oh that's
way cut up
so mad
