excited oh yeah I'm going to a birthday
party hey Britt to start come on Ronny
little button hi
pick up the present you're dragging it
pick it up pick it up oh you're gonna
get a butt-kickin okay you ready in
three two one that's pretty cool
you should have hit the jump at the end
you squeezed in there ready is a stair
speeder ah see pretty well you're a
pretty pretty princess you're such a
pretty pretty princess look at those
shoes
ah
I'm gonna give them a little extra pep
if you want to mean oh wait Tito mami
meow you're a bleep snail man hello
mailman could you give us one of those
Jeff hello bill milkman he comes up he
goes you're under arrest
I wanna push you in those balls I know
you pusher pusher look now jump on top
of her get her get her hi this big as
you are he's gonna be able to beat you
up I hope so here we go climb in the
rock face
we used to rock climb huh he used to go
rock climbing on dates that's when I was
100 pounds lighter the job prints it
starred ring that bell and now and then
you'll be a Navy SEAL yeah job
look at this cheers of religious oh wait
we have a midget here watch me like it
they're called straight-up need sticks
right okay what it Fixodent
this is a meat stick I feed these to our
kids but we don't even want to touch him
with our hands butshe's gonna eat one uh
you're welcome
it's so cool honey you wanna bite of
this here have this and a half oh oh oh
my gosh that's chicken it's like a
mixture of tuna fish dog food and
saltwater and we feed those two are
nutritious and delicious thanks Joe
join us next week when we eat dirt cuz
they by air let me see your finger just
play your finger left oh this one's
pretty
son turn there you put your finger in
the cage no nice try it no no
say pretty bird oh don't do that
all right we're about to do some double
front flips here with Sun tart and
princess tart all right wait wait wait
wait
okay go whoo the double front nice job
guys I'll give it I'll give it an eight
and a half would you give it mommy tard
a ten she's an easy judge you do it
again here we go Hey oh you lost your
thing you got it you just hold on to it
kick to the side he came up and he's
like I don't have him thing anymore swim
sky it's kind of freaking out on the
side of the road a lot of the film it
that he looked at me and it really
scared me I thought it was like beat us
anyways I'm trying to make it to Craig
Ferguson right now but traffic is it's
la baby
oh yeah la that's what it is so well
everything on my phone that's what I saw
high literary we made it made it to the
Craig Ferguson show obviously icon what
Lindsay didn't dress up very well and I
of course my normal attire looked like a
fat skater boy who couldn't this game is
for him at the
maryanne the kicker like where he
decided to wing it for three and a half
month oh yeah that was funny who's like
what am I gonna say Craig Ferguson
hilarious we went to Jimmy Kimmel and is
that it nearest funny is Craig Ferguson
Craig burgers a good nigga as you have
so much want to tell you yeah and he
writes on his own Craig Ferguson who
very recently it's like Oh ad-lib
everything is ad-lib he's just up there
and just like laughing and saying stuff
will be on tonight which we're
discussing the Charles video once you
see this that will have already happened
so you can look it on data - yeah you
can under you okay it's - yeah anyways
it was funny really really good I'm
gonna start I will I am now a Craig
Ferguson fan I will watch more of it
you've got hard malachite incest part
Mommy tarde in the baby tarde Carlton
self will help you get by go ahead and
subscribe
