Charles are you naked
okay hi I'll be out here if you need
anything I'll be out here if you need
anything
okay see ya there's Charles Trippy on
his green GT Cruiser
hey Shay Carl on his red racer we're
gonna office my ass CJ's hey why'd you
betray honor answer she did she deserved
she was asking for I don't recollect
it's just like wow I'd rather just not
be associated with this so so in trying
to say is I really wish that's never
happened
yeah really bad for my career do you
know he started up a Twitter oh it's
tweets from yeah are him like showing
off how foolish it is like this is my
car check out this it's like Twitter
cribs what are you what you popped your
water balloon are you so excited why are
you so excited hey what's going on here
guys I'll be in the backyard if you need
me where's that cat I would refuse back
here anymore
Python tard guess whose tooth is loose
open your mouth let's see right here you
can't really see but this tooth is gonna
fall out and if the Tooth Fairy gonna
come and what what are you gonna get are
you sure the economy's pretty bad these
days it might just it it might just be
30 cents yeah how much how much is the
tooth fairy
50 cents for two how many how what do
you guys get for tooth from the tooth
fairy
I got a dollar I was like if I was aware
of the economy I
for a euro a year oh I think I got a
dollar I think it was a dollar two
dollar - how many teeth do you have 32
teeth 34 I think a question that's like
then 34 yeah those guys only one of you
put the answer below okay
right I know 100 of you gonna do it but
that's okay cuz I love you how much did
you get
/ - a dollar oh hey I'll give you a
dollar if you quit sucking your thumb
his first okay ready
oh but wait what if there's people that
are watching this don't believe in the
tooth fairy
listen if you don't want to see the
tooth fairy right now you shouldn't be
watching this video because the Tooth
Fairy is about to come and if you see
the Tooth Fairy and you still have teeth
to give to the Tooth Fairy well then
those teeth will become void of the
tooth fairy's money so just just so you
guys know okay anyways here's the tooth
fairy
hey you look like Santa Claus - he's how
much we get like she's you know
okay we're happy quiet you ever like a
ninja how much we're gonna give Staller
a measly dollar can make him expect too
much he'll give him like five no work
for five thing is we could go in there
and yell scream him some tart wouldn't
wake up sleeps heavily
you drop the like okay the dollar has
been delivered a lot of you have asked
why do they sleep in the same bed well
back at our old house we have bunk beds
and then baby tart has her own little
bed and so they all had their separate
beds but we moved to LA we couldn't fit
him so he had to just get a mattress and
say you guys could just sleep on one bed
would that be fun yeah we should play
prank it one but you know take me all
night should kick you yes was that why
you kicked me at night and snore and she
would go like if I like barely touched
her foot with my foot
stop Napoleon oh gosh
you've gotten tarred malachite incest
part tommy tarde in the baby Target Carl
himself will help you get by go ahead
and subscribe
