this is you you're gonna be riding in
that little box okay on my head oh we're
so joyous well you'd think it was a snow
day today but no we're still going to
school not exactly sure how we're going
to get there but you guys it just keeps
piling on look at this
I'd say I got like five inches last
night right look at that it is I don't
know if you can see it yet okay can you
see that that is our trampoline that's
buried or a deep there's a swing set can
you see it all the swings are buried
there's no way you could swing even if
you tried that's the top of the fence
right there but of course these things
will not deter my son Gavin who will
persevere in shorts no matter what the
weather at least he's got some socks on
Kevin yes seriously
we might have to hike down to school so
because I don't have a snow machine and
we can't get down the road so um you
might need to put a little bit more on
oh my goodness it is like a winter
tundra out there so much drifting snow
we managed to get the kids off to school
but we did get three vehicles stuck in
the process Shaymin should get I looks
like this kid stirs not stuck anymore
and the mule is not set not sure where
my car is but it's somewhere it's cool
but it's really bad out there all right
guys I haven't told you this but I have
a boyfriend
he's farmable Brandon he's a cute hunk
lovin you guys Colette says that she
likes feeding the cow footage I think
it's so cute I think some people don't
like it why not like feeding the cow
footage cuz I have to do it every day we
should just get like feeding the cow
camp yeah I don't do what Danny doesn't
you guys don't like feeding the cow
footage justice is it just because
you're jealous cuz you don't get to feed
the cows you don't get to look
cute cowboy boyfriends like che does Hey
ladies
I've got me a girl all right so you just
buck on off but gone off ha ha ha I
thought it was bunny Bronx go ahead and
pick up that hey Belle will ya
well he only has three legs well he just
got a call from the IRS yesterday they
taxed in 33 percent I think it's 25%
what wouldn't I be
I love you you're strong I'm really
helpful huh I just say here look at your
bum one fella hey my dude
hey I think it's pretty pretty stylish
comes in a couple different green colors
red yellow these two handy baleen straps
also included with your purchase of this
hey backpack get one pair of leather
gloves nice you're gonna need it smells
like hey - oh hey guys hey Z he just
like slides under oh my gosh you're
gonna get him
Zeke you deserve it if he gets you stop
seriously so food won't you see this car
apart I think is jealous this cow he's
my best friend this one he likes me like
I can hire scared ha ha
dancing in the cow beater oh look yeah
this one's coming hide in he knows
yeah that one definitely likes you yeah
watch this guy I could freak if I can
get on it my bad we should try I don't
know a few to try that leftenant here
Jays like heck no don't get too don't
get too comfy like a pet my head while I
eat doesn't mean I want you sitting on
me
all right so uh
reading my cow body lately a little
wrong there Buster back up keep the
personal swing I give him the oats
he loves the nice nobody
Oh should we give him the oats what do
you guys think hope you do it's a good
day then what'd you do alright good day
Zeek
I like good days I like Oh them good
days little wrong-o who are so joyous
oh good alright razor wire testicle time
be right back I'll be right here with
the cows
Justine a guys think I should try
something yeah
I reckon not he's got the out you got
the outs babe I mean which way to the
gun show talk about this in the book I
don't thank you Gavin you would take out
the garbage in Dubai settles notes 550
pounds yeah I bet you got some strong
bass babe watching testicles cool what I
mean up wash we might want to have
another baby not anytime soon but maybe
more animals need a horse
let's get a horse oh okay cuz that's
kind of the same thing oh these are the
kind they lack don't want you give me if
I try to get on it right now I won't
give you anything cuz I don't want you
to do that but reckon you're not gonna
listen to me anyway so
oh no but black I said we might have a
bucking bronco segment on today Shania
is gonna say you might have an emergency
room visit these are my boys
we have boys boys we saw Snoop Dogg
narrating there was a mongoose on
Facebook me Zeke be nice boys get up
boys reckon we better go eat our oats do
let's show this fairy princess we have
you are a delight to look at I tell you
I'm sad you're feeding the cows you know
isn't it pretty
this hands really cool it's fascinating
shake okay what are we looking for what
is it mmmk let's see if we can see what
you're looking at umm it's a ball that
what you're looking at
oh I see you know those little makes her
things yeah those two ah let's see you
ladies get it I can get the ball I think
no okay i need a spatula or something a
long hard one
everyone okay all that just maker and
stuff out today while we're snowed in
making some mac and cheese did you get
it
oh you got one of the mixers but you can
you get the green ball yeah yeah go put
those missing I'll be free oh those are
for like those protein shake things you
just shake it up okay you can do it I
believe in you
maybe I'll get the broom and try to get
it with the broom one oh you don't want
that you can never ever get it oh well
you know you gotta believe I gotta try
really hard I'll try okay
so we're making some mac and cheese
today for lunch and you want to show
what kind of mac and cheese we're making
yeah yeah yeah got distracted and forgot
to pay attention whoops
GOI mac and cheese huh yo dude and a
bottle the stars on it
that's not Star Wars TV hey Dex what
kind of mac and cheese are we having
yeah
Yoda huh kiss a Yoda Oh Lord la la la
Yoda it's all the same oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah Yoda ready training override go and
ski in guys I'm excited oh hey look
what's Daisy we drove our truck up to
the mountain and then paid him some
money so that we could sit on their
chair that was attached to a giant cable
that went to the top of the mountain
dude I have a hair poke enough home bear
seen baby hey so this is you guys you
are going to ski with me do you guys
want to come this is you you're gonna be
riding in that little box okay on my
head I am willing to look kind of like
alfalfa for your enjoyment so that you
can experience blasting down the ski
slopes at 9,000 feet looks like a
Teletubby does it I know I was like
thinking like oh I'm kind of embarrassed
actually I didn't realize how ridiculous
it look here kill me - I look silly
kiloton all right here we go
first run of the season 2016 Cup Creek
we'll go look at these are these are
like Lance right right very first
backflips off that rock right there
that's a great one I hear
guys okay you fell down
what I do without you guys haha are you
talking abou is making roasted hotdogs I
tried to make a quesadilla and I burnt
it I mean it's still edible it's just
not yummy I did not finish making
quesadillas and Gavin finish making the
quesadillas for me it cooked for me they
love me they do well in school without
my help at all
they wrap themselves and share blankets
act like creepy people it's just you
know break his camera
you like slugterra yeah you guys ever
heard of slugterra it's very random it's
a it's a slug movie it's a slug cartoon
about slugs who don't get these guys may
have little guns with their slugs in
their little guys and then they put the
little slug guys in the guns and then
they what is happening here my hideout
okay you got the couch all skittling
Wampus i guess that's what happens when
you have kids they make the whole house
giddily whompin I have just been
presented with this lovely appetizer and
the orders stay yes I've been I've been
to places like that but they're usually
very delicious well thank you so is this
pepper and cilantro yes and what what is
on these I should go get a good spices
corner
I saw everything excuse me mmm very
delicious
thank you nothing love it
one more yeah I'm not going to
apparently Jackson likes it on a fantasy
place it keeps getting these from maybe
it and then he'll put them on the plate
until I get my foot I was really good
with the cilantro the carne asada
standing on it once more do you like
that do on it enough work I mean it
wasn't mom to do not having us okay
let's try this again how do you want it
or just want oh you just want to leave
it there can I have it
what are we gonna do with it he's gonna
draw there I still chewing when you're
finished chewing I love you are you
ready to eat it now before character are
you ready for it
okay should I or with the fork camera
Julia hot dog okay
ah love you John where's the button
Martinus I can't find the button
