he's all three in there yeah that fun
yeah nice that's an easy toy this is how
the beginning process of claustrophobia
happens shut the door there she goes my
princes dad what are you doing we are
rowing a boat where are you goin Derek
did you hear what she said guys she's
going to the jungle to look for some
time to sorts to shoot them to the beach
are there any dinosaurs at the beach no
what about you baby turn are you helping
roll and you just being lazy reading
your book what are you gonna do you're
going up in the
we're on a boat sure he's ready we're
here the beach I'm gonna go boogie
boardin once again excited have you
boogie boarded yet you haven't even
boogie boarded yet yes we need to get
you on a board on a boogie ness of
boards Hey ladies
looking hot your swimming suits what do
you say what are you doing you're gonna
climb over this mummy I have a dirty
thumb clean it up yeah just put sand on
it
wait
we got Sun tart down here these two
little girls I think he's trying to show
off their son tired and here's two
little girls he's like what's up ladies
you guys know my dad shaycarl yeah he's
right up there waving at me
bet she's filming this right now what
are you guys doing when we have
death--it baby dun dun
okay literally how long have you been
home five minutes five minutes and look
what we got already
mr. arachnid has already built a web
from the van
to the bush literally in five minutes
that she's pulled in from going to get
Sun tire to some pants he has built a
web across the VIN is let's watch him I
might be messing up this process
attached from the abdomen go up here
bite the fat guy that's bugging me with
the camera okay all in a day's work okay
we'll listen bud I gotta go now so
you're gonna I'm have to mess up your
web so you might want to head on over to
your bush or you're gonna be riding on
the van through LA traffic okay just a
little heads up but bike all right so
we're heading to Corey's house right now
Oh somebody got caught riding dirty
that cop I I didn't hold the camera
because I was afraid he'd yell at me
that cop just hopped over to his door
and like karate kicked it shut it in
he's been pushed he's walk-up picked
those legs up and kicked the door shut
la cops whoo all right we're going to
Courtney's house in Thousand Oaks which
is like 45 miles away and I didn't
realize that until I typed it into the
GPS and I was like oh crap
it's gonna take like two hours hopefully
traffic's not bad anyway she's getting
married tomorrow you know him SMP films
mr. safety and us we're gonna go hang
out with the homies Charles and Qasim
and I think alphaCAT might be their
chaff and the critics might be there so
we're gonna go potty it's gonna be
everything's gonna be okay in the USA I
was listening to the new Miley Cyrus
song she is so talented that young lady
good for her
all right this here's Mystery Science
Theater mm Corrie they're going to
Mystery Science Theater mm on your
wedding video Tay Zonday I thought you
had more respect than that this is the
wedding vo is to be played tomorrow
describing their relationship and
everything like their story so it's
really cool we're just pre watching it
tonight yeah Charles with Tay Zonday
mystery guitar man
mr. safety it's it's like hard not to
everybody likes look at their own shadow
look at me but I'm black on the wall was
a lot it was a YouTube law for some
really mystery guitar man was always a
mystery head the glasses guess what this
first time ever first time got real
Maori got on my blog damn look at him
you guys 34 years it was a rule on
YouTube the Tay Zonday would not lean
away to breed and now he's breathing
under thousand like thirty four hundred
subscribers of my blog chat box in the
sidebar do not we have the caliber shut
up at least do the assignments without a
thumbnail on this one now hold still
that's an 8 million views million
high-five
I got like three they are both recording
go I'm gonna carry three guys on my back
here we go hey what's happening che ok
so Corey Joe and Charles are in trouble
my back I'm gonna carry him are you
going to donate
I feel the whole thing noble bachelor
party we'll go we'll go back did I get
on then we're writing each other's back
on them on the street romantically
engaged okay so let's go oh there's like
a bridge to the river yes it's a long
story
here we go we have a river there's a
little bridge and a gazebo here we are
the gazebo
okay so here's Oh jeepers here's what
happened tonight um Cory decided he
didn't want to come to the hotel that
trough there Cory decided he didn't want
to come to the hotel tonight so
stop coffee S&P films is getting married
and me and Charles have his room so good
night
