check out who it is hey loser get out of
the road
what were you going okay you guys his
name is he's on the station with us his
name is hi I'm Ron this truck is back up
I gotta get out of here subscribe - hi
I'm Ron link is in the sidebar man up is
easy to get arrested okay so that was
totally random we just we're just
driving anyways we're going to get some
lunch and then some school supplies for
son tired hilarious what do you say
there's no mine that's
oh okay mom that a pretty necklace is it
yours say it's mine
hey what are you doing let's see what
buttons you're pushing it you're making
a long notes button race that I can't
get in the van look walking me this name
is a recommend spider and it'll make a
web from the bush to the van
what are you not gonna oh just just me
anyways and so every time you walk by
you have to make sure you're not walking
right into one of these little daddies
and it's like attached to the van into
the bush so how do I walk by I'm gonna
mess up his net I'm gonna tap it
move move spider versus focus better
okay so
quit making nests anyways we're going to
get school supplies for son tired
because he's starting kindergarten this
year and he's gonna go to school in Los
Angeles where he could be stabbed hey
bucket head disappointed my son grew up
to be a bucket head is that your helmet
in case we're getting Iraq you say
Klondike it's Apple done tight but now
we know where your mind is you chocolate
fiend
all right it's time to get gas once
again those renewable resources they
come and go like hotcakes hmm
love hotcakes part of that same come
from lose them even a scanner on this I
have to do it this one thing I hate
about California they have these big
scanners in the middle and you have to
pay like a convenience fee every time
you use it
hi are you
the salesman heron
what you selling other snakes in there
there's snakes and scare you why did you
forget what was in there did you think
snakes are in there oh you got a CD
thing yet Domino's did you steal this
stuff
where'd you get it oh you buy them and
then you sell them okay for a marked up
price that's how you make your profit
hotels with teenagers yeah
okay you talk to her I'm gonna get gas
don't let her sell you on anything honey
you take debit cards home I have cash
she buy something what do you think
100% markup you know she's still what
come look at the merchandise out here
son card last five dollars sir what get
something good though what is this thing
yes so that's what you got for five
bucks okay so where's that money going
to for your college oh well thank you
very much we appreciate giving you our
money oh we do we have a given us all
right SIA thank you
all right turn to the side see sweet
kicks got a school oh you like those
they fit new school shoes oh the ladies
are gonna be going crazy put your new
kicks bro
give it up give it up guys just ignore
your mother I think they're a little bit
too big for you you look pretty
do you like those those pretty good
those are cute all right we're picking
backpacks turn around let's see what is
that oh are you serious
Barbie nice I guess it's better than the
Hannah Montana backpack option
do you remember the bag that you used to
carry around and we're datin in college
it's like a white sling bag it's
JanSport hey miss I remember like when
we first started dating like I would I
mean for start dating like we're started
stalking her and we're looking for that
bad white answer anyways what backpack
do you guys have I had a North Face
backpack for like ten years I still have
it and love it good quality North Face
quality North Face you should send me
something for free I just said it that
you guys are good I mean just call the
dude I'm vlogging so the back like
you're getting just pee in the backpack
you need a backpack centaur got that one
just start got that one they are ready
to carry books mm burn remember in
school I would put like all my books in
my bag like so glad I really did like
school but just glad to be done with it
all you suckers that still have to go
don't worry it'll be over in like ten to
twelve years a big deal your face
another lower
Longwell summers i don't know where to
crime and deserve to ticket to the other
side it it'd be that sweet home man look
me in the eyes and I raise my head bowed
my head
fine and what would you find dance
pretty red don't let this morning and
just what I can see okay quote the verse
the chapter of the verse out stopped
when a toy me it all lands and a slow
ride in a hearse I can't stop sucking
your thumb
it just can't be no that can be together
like ever many amounts go that night
before you reach the town doe tell no
tell nobody a month go that night before
we reach the town no wait to begin to
the farmers denim there with me
all right what's wrong with this
situation Hey okay uh honey it looks
like you're on Craigslist oh let me look
good you're searching for exercise
equipment wait wait wait what if these
two items interesting searching for
exercise equipment while eating two
boxes of candy box
it's your fiber give me one of these
Charleston shoes abbot kinney on a
Friday night
all the people up Abbot Kinney I'll be
willing bikes I could run over that girl
right now I didn't run over you anyways
uh on Abbot Kinney it's the Friday night
I'm trying some lights on gonna get
Charles Charles was at Phil's house
tonight
the last video you guys were like two
words Charles where did he go where's
Charles well yes he has a lot to do
while he's here in LA
I'm he had to go shoot a video for the
station which I wasn't in he was in but
I wasn't even in my own collaborative
channel video anyways so one of the
Charles at Phil's
I was gonna go Phil and Charles went to
the movie as well see this when you
watch the Charles video anyways they
went to the movies today and I had to
stay with the wife and kids and go do
the school shopping which we did so any
who's old I'm gonna get Charles right
now once again and the Franco you guys
look I'm getting vlog footage hey hey
for anybody who said that I failed on my
vlog yesterday I have 14 minutes of
spare look look and upload it yeah look
at that
you know what I was just talking about
because you aren't in my vlog yesterday
everybody in the comments was like
where's Charles where's Charles you guys
he's okay he's here with Phil Phil can
take care of him he's okay yeah you know
Phil and I just went on a mandate today
Oh what you've gotten tarred malachite
princess part Mommy tart and the baby
tardy Carl himself will help you get by
go ahead and subscribe
