alright see a trick let's see it that
your knee do it again oh that wasn't as
good do it again oh he's a stuntman here
fill me let me see Megan do it she's
more worried about the calyx than my
well-being here we go ready ready
today good am I in the club you're a
good cameraman dude you're gonna good
job hey do it one more time to show me
how it's done the right way
wait hold on you got it you got a
tartness in your way come here tardiness
lay over there what are you doing oh do
we have to tell him at the library your
your integrity is coming into question
your mommy tired what do you guys think
if she fixes it does she have to tell
the library or does she just give it
back like here you go it's fine what are
you doing here I should probably tell
them let me see it's not the first but
this mutilated like she just ripped that
up I think
- baby tard we're gonna be banned from
the public library you know what that
means
we'll have to start burning books she
won't do it now she never does like it
thinking around
yes here we go we're going into the
office for a meeting do I get behind me
mr. Charles I can't see other yester I'd
Katie let's bicycle ha ha ha ha ha yeah
this is kind of dangerous well this way
here's what we need here film this we
should be a doubly obnoxious beard on
bald head action fun Danny diamond me
what do you think lisanova hey what are
you time in there Ben Donsky do not talk
to the bald men kids we just watched hi
hey are you guys talking to this bald
man it's cool though hey what's his name
what's up dudes I was twelve people said
my name like that no any time does
someone need me to work on something get
it done
hey guys we're gonna go get some deep
with Charles Charles Trippy it's
girlfriend Allie she's in Spain avoid
the indecision internet killed
television yeah
isn't it so obnoxious when you come to
restaurants and kids are screaming
oh snap
Charles Trippy Zin Toro okay you guys
just saw this on the trails trip you
know but we have our bikes all right
stuff I gotta take good
I gotta take this okay keep recording it
why I'm having a soccer position we're
in the elevator oh what a beautiful day
here in vlog off person Ville vlog tough
vlog tastic well we have rode our bikes
quite a bit today probably at least five
miles before it's over yeah I've been
sweating but burning some calories and
it's the end of the day we're headed
home right Charles Trippy awesome day
what a day what a day oh yeah crash okay
okay
