so you think you can climb up on the
counter get the cheese out of the bag
and then just bite a giant chunk out of
it and then put it back into the bag is
that what you're telling me
oh yeah just pull your cute face and get
away with anything what do you guys
think her punishment should be she has
she has chunked the cheese this is this
is high treason here I think we have a
rat is that what we're doing now we're
just biting the cheese choo-choo give
you guys messed up the rotation you're
supposed to pass it to sunt are next
okay put the cheese back in the bag in
the bag in the bag thank you thank you
thank you
honey there's flies on the button
speaking of dance so we're gonna have
our dance off somewhere dance-off come
here we need music come here clean come
on all right hurry up we'll just do it
fast we didn't film much yesterday and
so we need to film something today we're
gonna go in the backyard here and have a
dance-off you think I should put a
hammock between these two trees there's
these two palm trees I think we can hang
a hammock in between there here hold
this
I don't know if it's strong enough oh
don't break it look like it's breaking
yeah big Papa Bear what bears do we need
a house okay Hugh it we need have a
full-fledged full-on interpretive dance
with me you either lose you will so lose
what was that hey you can't use my move
hey Carl it is on oh yeah here we go I
just got a call the hotdogs are burnin
wait let's see a little bit of yours now
I'm filming your mom she's dancin come
down what it what what do you want to
show us my son tard we're busy dancing
son can you see what no patience nope
