I got a cement finger alright well this
is the scene out of our back door Zeke
is taller than me right now yep you
living out in the drift you want to come
inside now there's movie beers please
all right all right all right come on
Oh me and it's our fault for not shovel
in it
look at that it's like a little cave
kind of little cave right here or it's a
wave it's a wave of snow coming into the
house
Hawaii missed us it became it never mind
no more jokes stop the staff does look
like a way though doesn't it it's not
pretty
no pickles exciting times hey guys back
on the farm we are building a structure
to keep those those darn cows warm cows
are getting a barn you guys want to see
us pour the cement for the the base the
structure well if the cement truck ran
over my barbed wire fence to rebuild
that now so we are pouring the footings
for these pillars that are going to act
as the structure of the barn you got to
put a foundation in and then we'll up
build the barn around this with some
like trusses some a-frame trusses
anyways the cement truck is stuck that's
what happens when you get four feet of
snow
the cement truck gets stuck and the guy
you hired to build your barn ends up dig
in with a shovel all day hum right hey
you're good Shoveler this is what we've
been doing all day
getting people unstuck gotta water the
tires want him to grow to be big tires
who remembers how long I've wanted a
horse I've been saying for years I
wanted to get a horse right here's the
first step and getting a horse gotta
have a barn look I write my name in a
cement are you guys do this with me if
this is like
SB
we'll see if it dries like that SB for
all eternity posterity sure anything
else I don't know if that's gonna
actually last but there we go I got a
cement finger I'm coming down with a
case of the cement finger it's ghost
Bronx so this is the most snow I've seen
in a long while if you look at this pile
behind me it's well over nine feet tall
overnight I helped some big piles right
there hey guys okay so we're going to a
concert you're supposed to wear red part
Oh where's my tickets you're supposed to
wear red to the concert so I'm wearing
my red stuff I got my tickets I actually
got the tickets three minutes okay we
can't be late let's go okay I have my
tickets but I actually haven't paid for
them yet I got a paper my take hi girl
oh yeah oh hi is this where the concert
is yes and I wore my red good job man
you guys are wearing red - cool okay
here you go
these are my tickets I didn't actually
pay for them else so do you take the
tickets or do I get to keep my tickets
you take a bus and check them out okay I
don't fight it I don't even know what
the concert is I'm excited the red
consult look at this stuff this is a
concession yeah this is only water balls
that we had a lot of sippy cup well do
you paying for uh I think Jackson didn't
bring no he did oh he did
I'm paying for Gavin did Gavin pay yeah
yeah here on camera you can ask well oh
yeah you guys I got I got you tickets
thank you - guys guys you think you know
this $1 because you guys want to keep
your ticket here and you can keep you
can keep this for snacks snack oh thanks
all right are we ready
Oh looks like he's been partying did you
get a kid ally like more snack Danny
okay so I got my water
can be
Oh
I feel not for dad because he couldn't
be here that was for ya can we have some
samples and you creepy we're fan
backstage we got this crazy crew
backstage the backstage crew oh my
goodness you guys are adorable I mean
super time rocky rocky came out and he
goes
today we honor you we are The Hulk smash
won't mess spikes spikes oh yeah got the
part
you know nine times out of 10 these kids
are riding a device through the house
fighting ambience yes a device of some
sort through the house I don't know if
it's a good thing or a bad thing we're
modern next thing we'll be having more
need Oh next invention you'll have to
invent something that will help you do
that
I don't know what but yeah do you guys
think that's weird that we let our kids
like ride scooters and things through
the house yeah cuz when I was growing up
we definitely weren't allowed to have
like wheeled objects in the house that's
not a good winter our winters are so
long we have to be able to do something
in the house that's fun so I don't mind
that yes it is harder on the air but I
think it's fun
they're back they're back with a
vengeance the bad guy think guys are the
good guys this bad guy come on guys be
cool oh they're back at me into a corner
Jackson turn around let me see your hair
you remind me of an angry bird Fozzie
don't hit yourself no no that's not what
I was lousy nobility who would you
rather have on your rap battle team
Eminem by Shakespeare oh that's hard
Eminem's pretty legit but Shakespeare is
also uh maybe more legit I don't know I
think I think I'm in them I don't know
what do you guys think she's put my
stuff as sisters do okay I have another
one would you rather have pooja a petty
living snowman like Olaf in frozen or a
this
minion come in you living blanket that
told you bedtime stories by living piano
that played music to finger piano piano
oh that would be so okay would you
rather who would you rather have as a
pet it goose that lays golden eggs for a
clock across that way is the rarest
pok√©mons golden egg would you rather
have and wait like real pokemons or like
pokemon cards
oh and miniature pony or a giant gnomes
pony okay okay
would you rather only to you with every
single bug in the world on it we're
owning high Padma's every single app in
the iTunes store see TV ah would you
rather live in a house that's
self-cleaning or a car that self-driving
uh self-cleaning I know many of you
would disagree but come on look at my
house wait
it is self-cleaning well get to your
room
you start in the kitchen you start
notice how they all dispersed it's like
I can't think of analogy but you know
what I meant
okay one more once you're not having
forced you around you that magically
keeps bugs away or annoying people away
what depends on what time of year you
guys say annoying people peaceful my
force field it well there you have it
yeah would you rather all right we just
got done reading scriptures and now
there's an obstacle course in here
scriptures meet obstacle courses there's
no steps you actually tarnish okay so
there's a whole you guys have a plan
where you can't touch thoughts of course
that it's called the seven hops obstacle
course you cannot touch the pillow you
cannot touch the blanket at the
beginning no cannot taste
steps in between its seven Hawks you can
check here's how it goes ready one
eighty one two three four five six or
five six and you step I get know if you
can roll under Cairo under under for me
one two three four five six
oh you own with Hannah close out it'll
be four one two three you're here
ladybug here you watch hello one two
three oh it's 405 can we make it land
for you got that dude run
fine do it do it you can run and jump
over here there you go two three oh
you're so cute two three four five six
I don't know I might pee my pants I
would do that
that's weird ABS one two three I'll
touch filler right side is for
placements watch alright I gotta try
this
I gotta try it I don't know Gavin touch
touch pillow touch bill okay that's
pillow all right oh you just go come on
do you pee a little bit will cut it will
edit that part out final you okay go oh
yeah we get it
one gabbert show them lips okay okay
okay go one two three four five six
seven up you touched it you touched it
you guys start over four five six make
your own obstacle courses at home hop
hop hop along ha ha ha ha
let's see a jump ok there goes Brock
Butler with the flying jump over the
pillow everybody nice go here we go miss
brush boiler nice job it's good Drive
you with Emmy he should be disqualified
immediately you did have a little
shuffle step we could review the footage
if you'd like
go
Avia get this touched it
alright Gavin you got this two three
four five Drydocks n6o
commit to it bro d kid
back from the bathroom contestant
Colette Butler is ready to a tablet
force again oh I missed it alright let
me see a quick seven hop obstacle course
hit it woman one two three
wait a minute you messed up you added a
step you have to jump over the blanket
and land in the 180 one two three four
five six
attagirl you touch it good job yep I saw
mom I was right there I have two eyes
okay thanks for the recap all right I'm
going to bed good night everybody
we'll be hoppin hoppin sheep through our
dreams
hop hop hop it around hoppin Shaytards
helps you go to sleep watch out I'm so
tired
terrible people
it's out of them
you're a regular guy
but you try
to be something
oh say
in the shade
