all right he is ready I walk into the
store because mom is out doing errands
what are you guys gonna get you guys can
have one piece of candy okay okay all
right see ya suckers they fell for it is
he pulling you he got him he does he
stinks hold on to him tight he does
weigh about 50 pounds more than you do
if he wanted he could drag you through
the streets moms with baby tard at
Costco gettin essentials like toilet
paper and hamburger buns we just we just
felt like you know what we're good
people
me and some tartar princess card we've
done good things for society we deserve
a treat so we're walking down to the
store to get a snack wait okay what'd
you get what stop show me princess card
is a chocolate woman just like her mommy
and son Todd is like his daddy
he likes the fruity chewy candy nice
decisions children I myself and the
Mentos man
I like the chewy fruitiness of a Mentos
one of my favorite candies ever I like
to smoke it like a cigar lieutenant let
the poker table maybe I just went all-in
on a straight blackjack you know oh so
you just spit on me anyway now we're
going back home okay so Morrow I'm just
want to do one more errand and the kids
are in the bed
and I told them we're going to go to the
movie but they have to get their room
clean first and then as soon as mom gets
home if their room is clean we're going
to go they've been in there for about
five minutes which normally what
normally happens as they start to clean
and they're like oh look this toys fun
to play with they start playing with it
they stop cleaning the rooms let's let's
burst in there and see they're still
cleaning what are you doing are you are
you sure you are or are you playing what
is going on in here is there cleaning
going on that bed still needs to be made
looks like looks like three little
piggies living here let's get that bed
made how about that
you're a piggy you're a piggy are you
guys all piggies look at this look at
this this looks messy here to me I'm
seeing mess messiness in this area let's
pay some more attention to this corner
section of the sector 5-3 qlr LMNOP all
right you guys want to go to the movie
have to have the room clean kay goodbye
I'll be out here keep it up
maybe tard you're kind of slacking get
off your butt
get over here start helping some tard
you're the general you're in charge that
looks like the lace that's right mom and
dad are in charge but you guys need to
get baby chard to help you can you guys
get her to help you can you tell her to
do some stuff what's that
we'll get baby tard to help you guys
okay okay I'm going out
you guys keep cleaning pretty good
they're doing pretty good we'll get back
on him in a few minutes so we want to
see than you ever imagined
sure hey let's meet that is that what
you want to see ya princess card you
want to see that movie okay so I'm tired
that's what you want to see yeah okay
we're going to see this at 9:25 watch
what hey that one's food lunch that's
what we're can I go watch that's movie
we're gonna go see baby tard where's
they be target why she's trying to steal
the Mentos baby tard you want to go see
that movie comes your room your room
clean yeah let's go check it out come on
let's go see okay so I don't know let's
go let me go with you
take us out so I've never heard of this
movie before shorts what's it called Sun
tart sure you sure
okay I'm gonna take your word for it
okay let's go ah let's go see the room
if the room is not clean we're not going
seeing the movie ain't gonna lie to you
it's got to be clean I'll be the judge
of it okay here we go
um tables a little messy
I want the dough I want those doors
closed closet doors must be closed there
I'm filling it already feels cleaner
plus I'm vlogging I can see myself
okay so toys are in the basket okay
that beds not made come on the bed has
to be made make the bed but let's look
at the floor for a majority of turn what
off turn off the video camera why you
have to make the bed
hey who's gonna vacuum the room it's
needs more vacuuming princess starting
in a vacuum
okay vacuum
get that get the room vacuum son tard
you make the bed princess card is going
to vacuum we got it all right good okay
I'm gonna come back in here and I want
the bed to be made and I want all the
floor to be vacuumed okay and then we're
gonna go to the movie all right all
right get it done
baby tarde you keep looking cute you're
doing a great job of that
okay it's it's an ongoing process if you
have kids you know it's a long process
anyways I guess we're able to see this
movie shorts because it's close and it's
a kid's ish movie so just trying to get
the room cleaned my wife is storage
moved back in ten minutes we're gonna go
okay you know like something lays down
low down low down low he didn't mind the
quack-quack and the legs are dangling
down Jana John the Gray Goose is gone
and the boxes on the town or town o town
Oh John the John the Gray Goose is gone
and the boxes on the town
ready here we go here we go it was
little ones eight nine ten same daddy
daddy better go back again it must be
money fine town-o town-o town-o daddy
daddy go back again cuz it must be a
mighty fine town no daddy's driving and
they never had to suffer in their life
and the little one stood on the bones Oh
bones Oh bones oh they never had to
suffer in the life and the little ones
chewed on the bones of a thousand broken
hearts okay so I'm sitting here and I'm
like something smells amazing
and turns out white parts cut my
favorite fruit
boom-shaka-laka
what want to go alright let's mute the
music he's right go to the movies
seriously why is that smells so delish
ago samosa
oh wow I even know you're but you what
do I say what baby tard how do I explain
the deliciousness yes ma'am you have
stickers okay I'm sitting here at the
computer and like literally I'm like
what is it what smells so good and it's
it's the melon of water it's it's it's
the best food there is if I had to
choose one fruit hold on hold on this is
a very delicate plank I'm walking on
we're gonna go I got a I got a vlog
about watermelon Brooke quick one thing
to survive on it would be Waterman I'm
not honey that's why I love you you know
why cuz I was gonna say the same thing
what baby's hard if I had to choose one
food to live on forever watermelon and
baby card baby card every tard concurs
say yes I agree watermelon is only for
me I love it okay give her peace prove
it
oh it's so delicious it's so delicious
he's like mocking she's mocking you guys
she's like oh you know I haven't not do
you'd be jealous you'd be jealous well
here we go to the movies baby tart are
you gonna stay awake for the whole movie
let's let's see some of the baby tart
sure excited alright let's go excited
baby tart what's your name princess card
I'm forgetting the TARDIS you excited
alright it is 9:30 at night we'll see
how many of the kid tarts stay awake are
you gonna stay awake yes you promise
are you stay awake hey princess turn hey
blanket face chart you stay awake
are you the whole time alright shut the
van door there we go you ready let's go
that's right let's go this way
actually oh okay
I believe you cuz you're a better reader
than I am here we go weird so she can
sleep in it okay princess heart is
bringing the blanket some TARDIS
bringing the pain the House of Pain yeah
look theater this way up the stairs
yup carry I'll carry the Minotaur come
here baby dark oh yeah okay one but we
gotta hurt you guys or five minutes from
the movies starting you excited baby
tard you stay awake the whole time
are you still holding room I bet you
that all three children will fall asleep
before the movies over okay I'll bet you
a shiny buffalo-head nickel ready bet is
on and go run run
we're watch what movie shorts not the
one this is it see that movie right
there
what's that want to see this movie
what's a question look here's some
shorts right here that your question
okay let's go come on hurry hurry ladies
run the right there you guys I got movie
tickets let's go baby you know what I
think I'd rather see baby tart as a
motorcycle racer
you got a baby tard get him get him go
get him
her son tard oh yeah he knows how to
ride it
you're acting princess part let's go you
guys come on we got movie tickets let's
go you know what I'm one of the movie I
don't care you guys are doing I'm gonna
movie you guys you guys bye I'm going to
the movies
oh and it goes
I'm gonna get you run run rah run
affected go get it go get it okay so um
here's the deal me maybe tard left early
horrible movie horrible movie I could
barely sit through it and the time came
when maybe tard was a little bit fussy
and I said honey I'll take baby tard but
we'll wait in the van that's that's how
bad it was I prefer to weigh with baby
tard in the band and listen to music
rather than sit through the end of that
movie
safety anyways if you have to go see
shorts
I'll hit gameboy or something I don't
know anyways we're here in the van baby
turns put her seatbelt on
good girl I love you give me kiss give
the camera guess so
you liked it I liked it because it's
called shorts and I'm short you know
what I'm not gonna lie to you I felt the
exact same way the baby turn felt about
it
let's go to baby chart now that's
exactly how I felt about it what do you
guys think you guys like it yeah you
liked it what what do you want to go buy
a dress thank somehow she adds ice yeah
you liked it son tard I said I was good
show may be tired does the same way I
did about it mommy - I liked it and
brynn sister wants to go by herself a
dress
I always oh ok the day is over the day's
over Kelly in a day it was one of those
that's so silly
that's great we're so good oh I loved it
whoo yeah so awesome yeah
applause
