okay so we're mixed up we're mixed up
the video that I uploaded last night was
from the stuff we did last night what I
was supposed to do was late you guys
we're out with the kids you saw the
headshots all day so we went we're
trying to go to the movie we waited in
line for every goat of the movie who
sold out so we ended up Rhett in the
movie so I didn't get home till late so
I couldn't upload the footage and I
uploaded the footage from last night
last night which is not right I'm
supposed to upload the footage from the
night before which was the Green Day
concert for some reason I didn't so I'm
gonna have to do that today so we're
kind of switching and then we'll get
back on track tomorrow so the foods
you're gonna see right now is the Green
Day footage from two nights ago which I
was supposed to upload last night is
that clear as mud good I'm glad
anyways we'll get back on track tomorrow
so I gotta warn you I don't know if I
should leave this in or not cuz I like
to keep it clean and family-friendly
here on the Shaytards but there's some
swearing so I'm gonna warn you a Billy
Joe he's great musician has a potty
mouth so there's some few F's and s's
and those kind of things so if you don't
absolutely don't want to hear that then
don't watch the middle part of the video
but um I'm gonna just throw some quick
quick click clips into the of some of my
favorite songs and it was amazing show
Green Day is the best band I've seen
live I've seen probably about 50
different shows in my life seen Green
Day four times now and all four times
phenomenal they give more energy than
any band I've seen he interact with the
crowd he had a kid like a 12 year old
kid you'll see get up and sing one of
their songs he had a guy I didn't get
footage of this but he had a guy get up
and play the guitar they've done that
every show that I've seen
he had a like multiple people just get
up on stage and dance hit a girl
spraying a water gun he shot out shirts
and tried out the SWAT this toilet paper
gun so their shows are amazing if you
don't like Green Day then you're just
loser you're a noob
and you probably have a low credit score
I'm just saying that's all those kind of
things go together so here it is we'll
get back on track tomorrow but that's it
that's it okay
okay kids I'm done vlogging now we can
go to the movies okay here we go
here's a new trick we just learned sunny
and hot especially those deserts this is
your accuweather.com forecast for the
local area covering the hikers for the
net some guys are going to see Green Day
right now at the forum i couldnt get
anybody to go with me that's Phil yeah
Danny so I'm taking Alex there's no Alex
you're gonna meet him he's cast his
friend and roommate and I'm just kidding
gasps I'm so excited this would be the
fourth time I've seen Green Day alive
I've seen him this is my fourth time I
just said that why don't I review I just
said I'm such a repeater of saying
things anyways
Burt frickin fried go to the beach and
I'm excited just talking talking to you
guys you guys in particularly hey Alex
this is Alex then we're going to Green
Day we are at the forum Green Day is
about to for a forum live
where's Kareem I came here to see Magic
Johnson and Kareem abdul-jabbar I don't
see him
Wow
three day
yeah
Wow
Oh
this camera
this way again
let's suppose God sent to you
in the
yes
well Alex what did you think was great
short played for about three hours they
can't even see it that if I love you
guys see you later tomorrow tired of
these ism schism no living God isn't
