oh hi didn't notice you there welcome
today's welcome to today's episode how
to beat your children with shaycarl
today I'd like to show you a technique
that I've just developed it's called the
hogtied pillow simply raise the child
above your head take a pillow and then
begin to beat them laughs this is fun
and monthly toss the trial back onto the
bed where you continue to beat them join
us next week I can't find us next week
when we show how wedgies can be quite
effective so if I'm like thinking of
myself I'm editing this like I'm as I'm
filming I'm thinking of coming to
breathe in then I'll cut it right there
I'll start talking funny I'm like that
pardon was a prototype so you guys know
that something that was some real life
realness right there okay so where we
going we're going to poke needles in the
children that's what we're doing this
guy up here is hooky bobbin let's get it
let's get a shot of this dress oh did
you see it a guy was hanging on to that
Subaru going up the hill teamwork
teamwork now he's not gonna get a
workout for his quadriceps Oh
if those quadriceps anyways we're going
to poke the kids with needles and Sun
tarde he has to get a TB test
tuberculosis test to see if he's been
smoking or dippin anything like that
it's not were how you get tuberculosis
and we told him that if he doesn't cry
then we'll go to the movies afterwards
so son are you gonna uh you're gonna are
you gonna cry Why What how tough are you
Sam
Rudy Tov like needles don't scare you do
they how come cuz cuz why cuz why
because you're tall do like this I'm Tom
I'm tough
nothing scares me say it's ain't nothing
scares me young age gives me except for
maybe the national debt and global
warming huh it's a tough thing to say
right cuz what if you really what if he
cries do we really not go to the movie
today postponed her today because as a
parent you got it you got a do what you
say if you say something you got to do
it and if you're not done that never
believe you and if you don't want to
follow through then don't say yeah yeah
don't say it if you're not gonna do it
like yeah even if like after any like
you don't want to follow through
yeah you don't want to follow through
because I want to go to the movies like
if he cries like oh it's okay we'll go
to the movie but you got it you gotta
have integrity you have your kids have
to believe that what you say is what's
gonna happen all of our entertainment is
is resting on your five-year-old
shoulders no pressure okay okay see you
at the poking station Karen for right
now health care reform right now
okay if you want just put it right here
there we go let's stuff anyone any fancy
are done let's see it
let's see there you go what did it hurt
me five on Friday just come back over
here okay okay thank you
no why was that
did he crying that's good he's tough
yeah you Tosh I was a good job let's see
it good job did it
sorry b5 wonderful movie okay I think
you did a good job
hi all right all done cried a little bit
but you're only two so we can still go
to the movie Kitty kiss few kiss
good job son tired you were tough did it
hurt
he's still bleeding let's see you
bleeding a little bit
did it hurt you're tough good job dude
Oh first gotta go eat I'm starving
