I mean I want to try to not get that
 at you yeah
over here Marrero here's the bear yeah
he's dead Hey
were you a million the funny lips once
we started doing this it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great
nice loose - dead bear get see that bass
 our fence
madoski out on the street on the street
that are signs AIA thank you I'm doing
yeah white card made these booboo bear
Bail Bonds oops we fix your boo-boos and
here's bob's burrito barn with 20% off
the beans oh that did you puppy in the
perm I think she stole it they should
scared us anyways this is gonna be
interesting
I'm gonna be sweating like crazy here we
go
Oh
all right so go down there a little bit
here we go
all right thank you I see bears are sexy
okay we're headed to a barbecue we'd
like to go to the barbecue and we're
gonna take all of you with us to the
barbecue yeah yeah yeah yeah is there an
actual barbecue song it seems like there
should be if there isn't I'm sure there
is what are you guys you guys know of
any barbecue songs
hey screamin like you're dying back
there mommy's ready she's got her scarf
on those are the style right didn't
wreck your shoulders did you what's the
deal with the scarfs can anybody help me
with that I mean are you really cold
glamorous I've seen some boys wearing
them though I guess I don't need a hat
really it's more it's like a stylish
feature I don't have to have a hat I'm
just saying to myself why do you wear if
it's like like not an essential feature
you know maybe it looks like I don't
know I'm a guy in that in that aspect
well you'll be coat you'll be you know
like if somebody cuts their arm really
badly you'll be able to provide material
for a tourniquet so you see not only
fashionable but functional you can use
it for a tourniquet on your friends arm
yeah Oh his roof is gonna get you he's
cute give him kiss him kiss he doesn't
wanna you have some seven-layer dip
look her with her new purse she got for
her birthday she won't she won't let go
of it she goes everywhere with
you look hot in the sunlight look at
that view there's the ocean Sun Lindzi
Liu Liu's for us yeah as the Danny
diamond Michael Jackson dancing right
there we got Dave days doing the Michael
Jackson on it
here's the fire seasons I started
all right baby tard has a little
competition another another two-year-old
stepped in to the ring but more
importantly I'm here with two gentlemen
that I'll just show you guys here we are
with Luke and Joe theme song brats theme
song Baretta come on guys do the
mother's day video do please come on oh
you know what I think the gauntlet
I think the gauntlet you know what honey
can you go on that roof I'm gonna throw
her to you anyways we're here with
barats and bereta yes ladies and
gentlemen here they are give me a little
wave the responsible father himself was
taken care of what is it what is with
the smog this is like really weird it's
like the oceans on fire like my second
time out here at the ocean it just gets
ruined he was expecting he's like you
know what I'll go to this barbecue I'll
be a great sunset I'll be worth it
because of the scenery in the south
anyways where the barbecue these guys
are my idols I've told you guys that
before by links to the sidebar subscribe
to me you never heard of them you what
are you okay that's it links in the
sidebar subscribe to brats umbrella so
we should preface yeah ok so I don't
know why you have hair color first of
all but well I mean that'll be revealed
later he's doing a charity thing anyways
apparently this is pink hair color and
so he says it's temporary so we're gonna
we're gonna take this shake the
Shaytards beer to pink temporarily well
since you won't you don't shave it let
me at leas yeah you close your mouth I'm
just gonna I'm gonna go home hold my
breath then you go oh there it is yeah I
just wanna breath ready just don't spray
up my nose ok I'm gonna bad it air goes
wrong oh yeah
can I get some of your hair - no just
get his beard lumpy funny
my ear is it is it is it being let me
see oh okay yeah it's not it reminds me
Halloween like there's a smell of anyway
tell me okay ready one two three
you have to lighten your hair it's a
little bit red
that's enough that much it's like your
hair is so dark it's like a dark maroon
do you see oh yeah you can see it yeah
you can see it Halloween is where is the
white we should get this on camera too
where's the white baby so we're gonna do
the white we're gonna do his hair Wyatt
oh let me go look in the mirror and
we're come here real quick wait wait
close your eyes showing so black can we
try different color it's not even try
Green is not even a little but it's
jumped up a little he has the wait who's
the the black guy that always plays
President Washington bucket list Oh Oh
what color you don't know no it's still
white it's I thought I had the darkest
nor ever this yeah it's not work we're
gonna try pink we're just gonna do every
color
okay here we go Qasim
Oh holder farther away
hold it farther away far away you've got
hard malachite instead smart mommy tart
in the baby tarde Carl himself will help
you get by go ahead and subscribe all
the farther away
