hey guys what's up I'm so happy tell me
if this is something like this ever
happens to you so the other day it's
your guys's fault it's your fault I was
vlogging in the van I was singing that
Black Eyed Peas song and I felt like
there wasn't enough light when I was
vlogging because it was kind of getting
nighttime so I turned on all the lights
in the van and then I went home on my
jolly way and I got out of the van and
locked it and went inside and I just
wasn't with my family and we loved each
other and we ate dinner and we were just
so happy and everything was great till
the next morning when we came out to try
to start the van and it was dead because
you guys made me turn the lights on so
the van was dead it's your fault you
guys owe me anyways long story short
Phil and Lyndsey needed to use the van
to go get a barbecue er for this
barbecue that we're gonna have and so
they needed the space to be able to put
the barbecue were in the back and I said
well yeah you can use the van except for
it's dead and it the way that it was
parked was parked in our driveway and
there's no way you can get a car in
front of it so we were trying to find
like three pair of jumper cables so we
could link them together so we could run
it all the way back so somebody could
pull up behind the man
anyways Lyndsey turns out she has a
triple-a membership so she just had him
come and jump the van getting to the
point I started this rant about the
radio has an anti-theft thing on it so
if the battery of rigged ah ever dies or
it's disconnected the the battery cables
are disconnected it'll go into this
anti-theft mode where the radio won't
turn on unless you have this five digit
code well I didn't know that so I get I
get in the van today and it says error
code or something I'm like what the heck
did they do to my van I'm thinking Phil
and Lyndsey broke the radio
thanks you borrow my van you break the
radio but I'm like Noah's probably
because the battery was dead so anyways
I start looking through this giant Honda
Odyssey book that is like a thousand
pages long I mean this thing is it's
pretty dang thick and I found the radio
section which is also like 60 pages long
and it tells me about this code so it
says when you buy this car you should
have a five digit code which I'm like
there's no way in heck I'm gonna know
where that code is because I bought this
from a guy used and there's no way it's
gonna be here well you know when you buy
used car and there's like a little you
know Ziploc baggie of all this stuff and
if they're a good car owner they have
all the receipts and tire changes and
oil changes well here it is here's like
all the stuff that was in this little
baggie and so I'm rooting through all
these receipts and everything and look
what I find but my anti-theft radio code
huh you guys can't know it anyways if if
anybody wants to steal my radio you need
this five digit code but I found it and
I put it in and it works but it do you
guys ever do that like where you have to
like it's like a little mystery you have
to like figure out the pieces and clues
and you're looking through and then you
finally figure it out and it works
you're like awesome just just did that
just did that like a boss so uh just
wanted to tell you guys that um I'm
putting this in today's vlog which is
yesterday's because I didn't film
anything yesterday I have filmed one
little piece of me walking with Qasim
and Tony so I don't have anything for
today so I'm putting this today is today
but it's gonna go in as yesterday's
video and I do have one clip of
yesterday but it's a small clip so it
still counts as me not missing a day but
anyways I have to go in I have to put on
a big bear outfit costume and it's gonna
be an upcoming video on the station so
stay tuned
love you guys we've got my radio here
get a better song
hey guys shaycarl here with two Asians
Oh two Mexicans I mean I'm polish yeah
anyways I only have filming anything
today so far six o'clock at night he's
gonna be up first I'm gonna totally up
my oh hey hey words I don't like walking
today oh hey guys
that's it that's the end of the video -
racist jokes bye
