we're here Ralph's just Lisa call ya
place anova you mean from you to
lisanova that's awesome now I just got a
call Philip DeFranco Oh sexy Phil
YouTube oh my god yeah that is Wow
yeah like a lot of subscribers shopping
with it I overheard why guys I don't
want this this is embarrassing we're
embarrassing ourselves hey guys what's
up get some lunch at Ralph's they got a
great chicken deal for $6.99 you like
two pieces of chicken mac and cheese or
roll what else they get and a drink yeah
mac and cheese a roll to be so chicken
and a drink there's one more item all
right so I guess some rice anyways I
know that's what you guys come to this
video for to hear what I'm going to eat
for lunch okay I've never seen this I
lived in California for two months now
have you guys ever seen this right at
the very front of the grocery store or
here at Ralph's you have an electric
vehicle parking only and it even has
like a charger electric vehicle charger
I don't know if you like plug it in or
what interesting I have never seen that
so there you go a little incentive to
save the environment need a little you
get a lot better parking spot at the
Ralph's right there so cool I don't
think that BMW is electric maybe it is
it's like a handicapped if you can't
walk or you're trying to save the
environment you get to Park closer to
Ralph's what's next
do left-handed people get a closer spot
they should I think so I think so I
think so I think short fat bearded
people should get you know closer spots
to our legs are short I'd say stocky I
got your stock you don't sell yourself
short I'm a portly portly at best trying
to ride my bike with no hands back when
I was a kid I used to think I was so
cool
Carrie already hold the camera in this
hand no handsome I had a practice
practice
no hands right in the bike I gotta get
my pop wheelie down - I see - a swing
pop went out like I gotta practice
hands hands on the wheel I'm gonna die
Melik are looking to your eyes what do
we see but a little boy in a dog's body
screaming for help please
hear the words of a small child trapped
inside a Great Dane body I'm in the ear
please save me oh sorry I was just
spending time with no okay
oh it's somebody's birthday it's
somebody's birthday better Todd hey mine
was you give for your birthday
let's let the baby tart open it eh yeah
hey guys my land drugs I don't know hip
and baby tart like what is that prison
you got oh that looks pretty cool man
are those some pom-poms oh that's
freaking awesome
oh yeah you could like cheer for your
favorite demon stuff now that's pretty
effective hello hey Carl
it looks like the lips from the
Twizzlers commercial hey Carl's here
wait I want to be loud and obnoxious hey
everybody this is dude it
did it did it did it did
I probably edit this part out oh sorry
oh oh my goodness gracious
is that a cheerleading outfit what is
that
hey baby tard what do you think you like
it look at her she's like all bad set it
down now open it let's take let's take
into consideration that's her birthday
she's the terrible twos oh yes a dolly
this is from Grandma thank you so happy
oh she loves that last one let's see
let's see what you got let me let me
look at it what is it
oh it's a Barbie doll that's so pretty
is there something else oh look up puppy
oh he's passed away hey baby toy put on
your outfit let's see her put on the
outfit oh wait there's one more there's
one more we thought it was over but it's
not what could it be a new car
oh it's crowns yeah Kreitzer markers
even better they can go on the walls and
the couch and everywhere thank you thank
you remember it looks like the lesson
finally got through her brain fix goal
hey princess card come here come here
up here yeah clipper what there on the
couch okay look let's let's take your
camera right here okay do we see this
what is that what does that princess
card is that pin on the couch
remember when we just bought these
couches and he said look these are our
new couches let's not get them dirty
what is this
explain that to me why is there pan on
the couch no I'm I'm vlogging son Oh
does she have it on wait
princess start I need an answer from you
hey hey look at me why is that pin on
the couch
because because Waring cuz you were
reckless Oh Freddie
come here cheerleader come here let me
see that is cute do a cheer Boise State
that's where you're at Carly used to
cheer my sister used to be a Boise State
cheerleader and this is her old outfit
it's nice of her to send it to me you
want to be a cheerleader with your
markers baby chart let me see you dance
say I'm two years old I'm two years old
he's so excited we got a two year old
cheerleader with a tutu so thank you
grandma
say thank you well there it is happy
birthday okay happy birthday baby finger
the finger of destiny in my school to
your belly to your belly ball writer
your Pele oh is this five-fingered craw
here's an update on our squirrel
situation I um didn't get a BB gun I
actually got a 22 and I shot them all on
their dead now I'm just kidding just
kidding
okay I just dawned on me and some of you
actually commented on this on the con
when I used to live in the West Indies I
lived in Trinidad and Barbados for two
years you would always see these metal
sheet metal things around the coconut
trees because they didn't want rats to
climb up and get in the trees so around
the base they would have like sheet
metal wrapped around this so it's too
slippery for their claws to climb the
only problem is this fence right here
because I've seen the squirrels come
from out of there they climb on this
fence boom and they jump from there into
the tree so the only way you possibly do
it is put a sheet metal from here up to
here and then maybe try to wrap this
branch in sheet metal on this branch and
sheet metal you want some more of this I
swear they stepped on something now baby
turds crying anyway so that's a possible
solution to the squirrel problem but uh
it's gonna take a lot of sheet metal
it's gonna look like really ugly too so
some of you said maybe just get a hose
like a super soaker
and just like annoy him should I come
out here and squirt him every day and
maybe they'll stop I don't know we're
gonna see though you throw you throw
something at me it's Eric
I'm not gonna lie to you this is gonna
hurt you more than it's gonna hurt ya
ready real life
