by Minotaur that is going to work I'll
see you later be good no you don't want
to go to work we're just gonna talk
about dumb video ideas we're gonna
upload to YouTube just kidding they're
gonna be they're gonna groundbreaking
ideas okay I love you guys remember what
I used to believe to go to work and go
to the radio station now I'm going to
just the station
what a coincidence let's make out
bye love you guys squirrels gonna get
you oh they're in serious look at that
little son of a monkey cm oh he ran I
see you I'm gonna get a BB gun I'm not
joking I'm gonna get a BB gun okay you
guys look at this look at this these are
walnuts and see all these little chew
there's like they're everywhere and it's
ruining the grass it really is how do
you look at all these dead spots they
chew up these walnuts and they spit them
all over the ground and there's like
four of them up in this tree and I don't
know what to do
I could call like a pest and
exterminator but they're gonna kill him
right when they kill him although he's
in that tree now I think I should just
get a BB gun and do it myself
well what do we get supposed to do
they're ruining the grass put up a net
so it all falls in the net like what do
you do well this nature is infringing on
my right to have a nice lawn what do you
guys think comment below would it be
mean if I got a BB gun and shot the damn
squirrel I mean what and it eradicated
them okay what are you supposed to do
that's my question
are you just supposed to let them ruin
your lawn or what's it what's another
alternative give them poison
you know like can you put something in
the tree that'll like scare him like
could we put like a fake owl or
something I don't know what do you guys
think what could we do to get rid of the
squirrels there let there Searcy just
ruin it in the yard and I'm about about
to go get myself a BB gun take care of
it the
ends way so let me know you might think
the castles take another drink lemonade
beverage I'll sell this sell our seeds
your viewers how much I'll just trade
for him you'll trade that cup of spit
out sunflower seeds for new pictures
email cast me a costume dude switch
recedes at gmail.com somebody's gonna
make that as an email not that we're
here in a meeting we're about to discuss
the future of the station what's gonna
happen
Ronald he's all done I came in to just
say I'm quitting this feel like governor
said
I scared you I've totally scared you
look at the footage
my foot was right there i scary you
admit it oh my goodness gracious
Oh
Mazel Tov my favorite part of that song
Mazel Tov is that one of those songs
words link it's so catchy but you're
like okay enough black eyed peas
enough of that song over and over
everywhere I go it is it's catchy though
it's a guy I've heard him I've heard him
referred to as an ear worm before it
gets in your head he just like the rest
of the day it's like it's nuts gonna be
yes what do you think I don't know maybe
still love it maybe even heard the song
before maybe you hate it anyway he's
driving home from the office a crazy day
it's I can't film all that much because
we're like talking about stuff it's like
a real company like we have like a we
have like you know stuff we have to
discuss we're like a Board of Directors
I'm Mike the king of the Board of
Directors I think that's how we decided
who was in charge as whoever weighed the
most so I won that process anyway he's
going home uh to the wife old
ball-and-chain and the kids you guys
want me to tell you text message of my
wife sent me was at the office and it
started making me crack up and but I
couldn't I couldn't read it to everybody
cuz I was laughing so hard and my face
was kind of getting red and finally
Qasim had to read it to the group
because I thought it was so funny but
she texted me what when are you bringing
that delicious booty of yours home
that's what my wife text me when I'm at
the meeting I just serve cracking up
anyways so uh to say the least as soon
as she texted me I'm on my way home
gotta go home now okay we'll be home in
a minute also I'm looking at pawn shops
for BB guns what do you guys think you
guys better come up with a good solution
or I'm gonna get a BB gun and I'm gonna
shoot those squirrels sorry I don't want
to be a jerk
I know PETA won't agree with it but I
have the right as a man to have a nice
clean yard you know and if the squirrels
squirrels are gonna get away I don't
know you guys got to come up with a
solution
well the squirrels are going down
downtown 30 brownish ran a red light
oh my god buh-bye okay I'm at home let's
see what the family's smells good
let's see what the family's doing wait
when we walk into the house looking for
those squirrels
cleaning cleaning as usual cleaning up
after kids
good boy Malik I see way to bark at
random people filming outside your your
window or window hey son tart where's
your shirt
he just relaxing hi guys
daddy's home this is what my puppy does
he loves me I told him what you texted
me when I was at the meeting and guess
what man this delicious booty is home hi
hi hey baby tard
he put the start but what's for dinner
let some deliciousness huh
did you help with dinner you've got a
partner - chess part mommy chart in the
baby toy icarly sofa help you get by go
ahead subscribe
