Monday
sorry for no vlog guys here's rock hard
rock rock rockin it down the mountain
hey buddy
whoa you're backwards how to boy good
turn around there's mommy tard all right
bad oh wait is that a bee oh that might
be a via enemy down there okay you
oughtta dude we're coming man here comes
Brock hey uh you know you guys know we
like to ski sorry to vlog but
everything's okay look at Brock six
years old and down the mountain second
day up
Brock you're killing it man do that
gold-medal try hopping cluster on bottom
I thought maybe he's gonna be like 12 or
something whether you get it hey are you
having a good time just be honest you
did yeah are you killing it what's
govern by the way Emmy hey can you just
level with me real quick are you having
a good time okay that's all it matters
let's go see it Gavin time o'clock hey
Gavin
paparazzi here we got a question for you
real quick question you having a good
time
other smiles on your face I actually
took announced Stacey's I thought it was
lower Stacey's oh it's pretty steep and
well they did really get down it we are
going really slow down and then we just
started riding on our bellies yeah well
I have a good time
show me that smile you can look off your
face alright weird rocky let's go
I lost the central he's down already
let's go look at that girl cute button
down there in those ski pants let's go
get her
I'm going to get her where she is I'm
gonna get her hey baby
but that's five you have a good time but
proud of you does this count as a vlog
probably not but here's what we're doing
that bond job Rock hey I think I think
your double black diamond qualified yeah
sure let's close okay you guys don't
want to quit it's 4:30
Emmie you have a good time this rock
anyways here's what we're doing
