Koby doing what kobe does nice shot kobe
it's good stroke Avia and emmy fight
scene action oh they're about to drop
the bass guys I think they're gonna drop
it they're gonna drop it I think that's
what they're gonna do right now I've
seen this on the internet but Daxton
it's time honey yes we got to put the
stuff away
can you help nope don't get in the box
no no no look we're putting this them
decorations away he saw me putting this
stuff away goes no back on no no no no
you're gonna break them do you want to
go put away with the Christmas
decorations want to go up in the pantry
music but alas it is time to put it away
he's very sad about it it was know back
on I just turned around hi are you a
Christmas present yeah you're my
Christmas present whoa he's scary
Christmas present yeah yeah yeah are you
sad Christmas is over Daxton yeah no
well you know what it'll come again are
you sad Christmas is over yeah
yeah I get hugs Zeki oh my gosh oh my
did you have party all right we're
backstage these guys are getting logged
up for documentaries certainly not least
me it's my turn I got my mic on hold on
in the lobby right as we pull in his car
pulled in right behind us you guys stay
here I'll go get our key real quick
and I get out of my suburban right as he
gets out of his Subaru but I'm like then
I shook his hand and told him that I
bought front-row tickets to the game
right after each we thought he was
retiring and then I forgot I just was
too scared to ask him first with him so
then I asked if I could get a selfie
with their picture of Kobe Bryant the
picture I was in the background like
photobombing like just standing there
like Oh until you see me like in the
background of this couple's picture with
Kobe Bryant
yeah sort of so we're just hitting the
books start getting ready to sign if I
leave on people I can't wait to meet
them all this is such a cool bookstore -
huh we've got a tree house in here like
that's a tree house
it's so cool so these guys are just
signing and then we're gonna get started
communities I wanna film the crew
filming him talking to people
yo Kobe's in town I saw him last night
they're gonna go bail oh my god
wait angrily they're fine such a somehow
you're such a hurry I'll talk to these
guys
hey Jesse go get her hat oh wait hurry
hey I feel like I haven't done this
lighting shake carlier um I used to do a
lot of daily blogs you might remember it
was a good time I put him up oh I
haven't done that in a while
so it's kind of uh sorry about that haha
anyways hey we're in Salt Lake City we
are going to the Utah Jazz Los Angeles
Lakers game right now maybe two months
ago Kobe Bryant the second best
basketball player to ever play the game
second only John Stockton anyways he
tweeted that he's retiring so the second
or five minutes after he tweeted that he
was retiring and I was like Kobe Bryant
who is arguably the best ever played the
game people could say Jordan is but I
was like I gotta I gotta go so I got
online and I got tickets to the game
like literally five minutes after he
tweeted that he was retiring I got
tickets to the Lakers jazz game here at
Salt Lake and here we go and here comes
my long-dead she's got a trixin hat on
okay however sighs hey this is my Sherpa
for tonight's activities she will take
us to the top of the money let's go see
Kobe Bryant whoop up on the Jazz even
though I don't want them to be probably
wheels yeah love you hot rock these guys
who are looking at the camera hey we
guys be in my video hey Derek Derek's a
big loser
oh hi hey now that double date night and
you guys want to know craziness barley
my sister's new husband Jackson that's
his cousin say hi hey Carly in fact and
we're sitting next to your family
anyways Kobe's out there he's warming it
up keeping the Achilles blue to unite
because we couldn't find anybody else to
do it
and you see by the dawn's early
what's up doc still there
they're booing them here in Utah I am
booing he's alleged Oh
we wanted make it up all right yeah
that's no
you guys it's 44:23 Utah's killing them
Koby doing what kobe does
nice shot Kobe is good stroke it's good
I gotta admit
get in there
this is my favorite part of the Jets
team
Oh God in doughboys you got things got a
peak Toby
hey guys so check out my new book that's
like all the vegetables on here they are
like a neon it's a neon green type
relish the spicy peppers are they spicy
dude you guys this guy Rudy he has he
has like 15 boards and also the duck
triple double the name killin using my
voice and screaming so much alright it's
82 109 with 8 seconds left
nice job jazz you BtoB
I scan boys the game the game we beat
the Black Mamba Kobe Bryant's came to
lose
I was playing the jobs and she did a
funny thing was
there's my boy Rudy all over the boards
tonight captain sweet dogs like some
sweet defense
alright we're outta here that was a
blast we had fun we want you guys did
great out there really killed it tonight
great choreography you pointed your toes
well I don't know if that's what you're
supposed to do oh they're about to drop
the bass guys I think they're gonna drop
it they're gonna drop it I think that's
what they're gonna do right now I've
seen this on the Internet
Killman now that all right so we're home
from the game I can't remember the final
score was it might have been 30 points
it was a major blowout okay we're here
in the hotel room where apparently
apparently apparently a fight scene has
been choreographed by these ladies are
we gonna watch this ladies is ready for
this here we go
all right here we are a via an Emmy
fight scene action soup the leg
Danielsson all right that was vicious
grandma what's been going on since we've
been at the Jazz game I'm so tired
you're a regular guy
but you try
to be something
Oh shame
