can have in one of those days you know
not in the best of moods it happens to
everybody I'm sure it happens to you
you're not in a good mood
every day are you well neither am i
ain't no party like a multiple party cuz
of marble party don't stop but I think
back to a wise man who once told me sure
you gotta build bridges bridges che
peaks and valleys peaks and valleys
bridges are you capturing this memory
right now yeah you're happy one day
you're up you're on the top of the
mountain on the peak and then the next
day you're in the valley it's just a
little bridge that you build that you
say to yourself you know what I'm not
gonna be in a bad mood to take inventory
of how things are going
and I'm gonna be happy are you ready
boring really
hi guys
we want to talk about I feel like we've
talked about everything I shave my
mustache good morning you guys I'm gonna
go up and stare at my hair in the mirror
some more comeback Sui new coat so huh
welcome to California it still trips me
out to think that we live here this is
like our hometown air or LAX Los Angeles
International Airport I love the weather
here and that's why I think we should
stay in Los Angeles that is it we're
moving back to Idaho I'm gonna go find
out what it is first before you guys
doctors gonna tell me first oh wait we
need your womb there's so many will
still love it if it's a girl but it
better not be this rock card away or a
little boy wait hold on I've come to the
conclusion that if I have any flaws
which I do you guys have seen my face so
much there's no way I can possibly hide
anything
it really weird basement but you don't
do that anymore and remember what
holding down hills was fun now I think I
would just puke
well don't barf on me that was sharp
fist you guys should not zoom in on my
face ever
okay okay okay you ready I am and why do
you have to be so bad oh I didn't do
anything it's going to Vegas what's up
with Sam's but they're having a good
time I don't know yes I could do it I
couldn't do it what's that lady was
looking at you're funny you like it I
sit down to see you got all that let's
do it
I like your shoes I got your butt crack
just fine bird is sick dude out lane you
came out of the door what's up with that
boy love me you were to come out of the
portal on the top that you just caught
with a bow saw let me in dude hurry up
hey son chart what if it's a girl will
you still love it do you want it to be a
boy
nice hair dude did you do that yourself
yeah what's your pirate name son tard
what if I let you have those two burgers
what do you think he's so excited you
fell good come here
bend over so I kick you in the butt do
it what are your pirate names by the way
here what is that a rope I'm not sure
that's the proper way to wear your
seatbelt did you sit up you mean your
shoulder strap for your seatbelt the
shoulder strap has to go across your
chest don't you getting erect not your
coat your shoulder strap of the seatbelt
there's no who are we gonna give it to
mr. Hart what if it's a boy will you
still love it
you want to be a girl is she Taylor
Swift yet how many songs have you sold
on iTunes get working
I'm hungry to get it get your water
bottle got your motivation got your good
attitude got your optimism that looks
like a stream he'll rolling right there
I don't think so no I don't think so
told you listen your teacher cuz if
she's gonna teach I do a back flip don't
be scared she'll help you she'll spot
you so you don't hurt yourself okay
would you live here thumbs up
no not so much maybe have to think about
it okay sounds good it's just why would
I cry why would I cry cuz you got me
such a nice present do you want a
brother or a sister the day started huh
baby tired so you're getting your day
started a little spongebob some toast
this is a present from baby turn I'm
under the explicit instructions not
goofus novice what is happening here I
love you
can I have one you eat them all busted
all right I'm going for my bike ride by
hey hi dad a drug card oh that's the
cutest foot I've ever seen look at him
set it on his little foot those little
toesies are so French or to bite it we
are always getting your shoes on and
it's always like a wrestling match are
you excited to see daddy today a
triumphant Rob time are you
oh you're Captain Hook oh that's pretty
original
I mean spider-man sorry it's all little
baby boy no not that one this one that's
a new a choke ah no my book just a
little bit cuz they don't have a shit
not in that one day okay I guess we can
have salt in there to each other or
disturb baby wake up maybe you got the
Flyway going on I like it yeah hey your
mama got you
Museum Oh Bobby did you say yeah huh one
drinkin thirsty daddy is that our family
who's this right here that's Malachi
shit Carl here if you guys want to know
the best techniques to get your abs and
bison tribes all toned up just subscribe
I tried off straddle goodnight I love
you guys your room is pink as ever
you guys are trouble going to cookie jar
but your beard is
and your kids are awesome and your wife
is
if you don't hi this is Shay Carl
speaking this is the third time I've
made this video
I feel like strangling a unicorn
seriously I don't know last night the
quick capture worked like a genius and
I've just seriously recorded two four
and a half minute videos and they both
didn't work and they were brilliant
brilliant stuff could have been one of
those days you know not in the best of
moods it happens to everybody I'm sure
it happens to you you're not in a good
mood every day are you well neither am i
but I think back to a wise man who once
told me sure you gotta build bridges
bridges Shay peaks and valleys peaks and
valleys bridges so it's up and down you
know how does everybody goes through it
I'm happy one day sad the other day and
the bridges are the pathways from the
peaks skipping the valley and going to
the next peak it's just a little bridge
that you build that you say to yourself
you know what I'm not gonna be in a bad
mood no I refuse to accept this mood I'm
in right now and I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna smile take a deep breath of oxygen
I'm gonna eat three cheeseburgers maybe
you don't do that and I'm gonna be happy
and that's that's what you do and
sometimes it's easier said than done
but I'm a firm believer that we can make
a conscious choice to simply choose the
way that we feel by deciding that by
saying to ourselves you know what me I
just don't feel good right now and I
don't want to feel that way anymore so
you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna be
happy oh yeah yeah and then I say to
myself why are you talking with that
creepy voice that's really weird
one thing that I've actually heard
before that's I think is true scientists
have said that by smiling the simple act
of smiling even if you don't feel like
smiling will put you physiologically in
a better mood like you feel like crap
and you make yourself go like this so
build those bridges people I'm building
my bridge
right now I am gonna be put myself in a
bad mood look look what I found this is
a happiness saw oh look at this
a happiness board I'm gonna cut this
board is my happiness saw now I have a
board I'm gonna build it as a bridge I
need some more tools I'm going down to
my happiness tools shadow be right back
Oh
