and just like that we're back in Idaho
where it is not forum well they're
wearing their helmets but uh we didn't
take good job I like really weird faces
I shouldn't do that anymore say do not
use that as a mom now good morning it is
a beautiful morning well dark out hi so
it's beautiful so I didn't see this
before so I enjoyed ah bugger bones your
has very cute grandma larung you're not
super person and you're getting ready to
go on a cross-country skiing field trip
so cool we're like so rocking out oh I
know
and Gavin oxidative uh bit of food hmm
Kevin is going on a ski trip later this
week yeah but downhill she runs car
Scottish and I'm going real ski but I'm
smoking it's all real skiing it's just a
different type of workout yeah actually
that's not true because you do better to
eat well it's less work it's a little
bit more fun to just glide down the
mountain that's the cool stuff you get
to do when you live in a place like
Idaho is you get to go skiing on school
days hey Emmy let me see how cute cute
cutest thing
what do you call these because they're
not really hats with a gnarly headbands
but they're not really smiling okay
watch out uh to go anywhere you know
what you will though you will do you
want to go skiing no no where do you
want to go no colles does she give away
what are you gonna do Gavin are you go
snowboard let me go get ready
shut up on our local place my curse work
store cuz your foot grow again yeah that
was so intelligent cuz your foot growed
sure did your foot Pro it again
seriously those kids are foots or Grodin
it's early words are hard for us that's
early in the morning alright eat up
let's go yeah alright it's breakfast
time we're gonna make some juice have I
made any juice lately I'm being in
Hawaii really inspired me to eat
healthier because there's just like so
much fresh fruit and just it makes you
feel good and I was like you know what
just because it's winter doesn't mean
but I can't eat healthy you don't have
to just see oatmeal and meat okay we
live in a land where you can get fresh
fruits and vegetables anywhere so I'm
gonna make some juice
they're just carrots oranges and apples
and I know that I could just eat the
carrot in the orange on the Apple but
this way it's just a lot easier to get
it all in at breakfast time
okay I hear some baby boys oh look at
you you're all dressed and ready to go
good job dude hi what you doing your
hair's cool you got this you got the
flyaway going on I like it yeah it's
super Dennis the Menace yeah yeah have a
hug got your stormtrooper oh I love you
did you sleep good yeah
yeah Brock I didn't get a hug from you
lesson gloves can I have a hug first
I mean it mmm your blue ones are outside
in the garage
chic okay completely well I'll show you
where they are
there's Manu we gotta chop off the ends
here
carrot juice a bunch have trouble off
the ends here
I don't like tell like that you know I
like actually I like to taste it like
dirt down here but I do like to taste
the vegetable dirt but I don't want it
in my carrot juice okay
how does he
okay okay I get rid of the carrot but a
lot of carrot Lutz you don't care
Oh
you want to see you okay
we have to be hard
whoa nice carrot okay let's do some
apples you wash the apples
whoa Oh put your hand in there it will
come off
okay and Mendel cut off yeah yeah okay
we got to put her into the apples in and
is it ready
oh good Biggers excited hey you didn't
get to try it but you can make them at
home okay
like really weird faces I shouldn't do
that anymore
Shay do not use that as that's all now I
use that as a thumbnail seriously I love
you okay ready without oranges now we
just cut all the peeling off since we
don't have
you know it mighty good for you and gap
and Brock that a special juicing gloves
on
okay go ahead No
actually really easy
yeah we're soft so that easy just a few
more oranges and then we will try it who
can be so healthy okay this is what our
juice looks like we did put a few
blueberries in there too now we're gonna
try it
excited try the juice yeah hold on let
me mix it up it let me stir it up a
little bit and I'll put in the cup okay
this is the taste test I haven't tried
it yet you try it first Brock tell me if
it's good it's good it's good good here
on you want to try it dachshund I'm try
it you don't want to try it yeah it's
good mmm very good it's a very healthy I
can taste that the tart orange those
oranges were tarped mmm what okay okay
you go eat grapes he doesn't want the
juice all right it's that time of year
where we got to put Amy's hand in a box
oh good bye until next year hey it is a
sad day but it's kind of refreshing when
you put all the Christmas decorations
away because it's like you know we had
our time it was fun and now it's time
for a new year what new adventures are
going to happen this year and what are
we going to accomplish what goals are we
gonna set is gonna be Halloween huh it
won't be looking for a while
oh okay
we're dropping right back to October you
guys ready all right time to put the
Christmas decorations away this is my
ultimate guy mate guess it so I hear a
baby and that's Joseph and that's the
mommy and daddy it's the angel and
that's the star oh you're so cute I love
you brog all right I'm gonna go get a
bag for some of the special ones like
this one hopefully you guys got yourself
ones if you didn't there's always next
year
this might actually only be this year no
I'm gonna put this one a special
wrapping so it doesn't break oh ok shake
your hand it's nice to meet you nice to
meet you did you guys
hey oh look how good my children are you
guys are so good thanks for listening
when I asked you to do it
let's go comb your hair all right we're
getting ready wait all right Subin mom
all right we're getting ready just to
film film we're gonna film some
marshmallows videos mirrors we're gonna
film some more shayloss videos and um
yeah oh yeah you have to wait you have
to tell me about your cross-country ski
so we did cross-country skiing
um you it's like you're skiing like this
and but the back heel isn't hooked up so
your baseball title are capes
so are you basically kind of on hips
help and so you go uphill so like your
help basically going uphill and your
click drag yourself it's it's cutting
it's easier than down you see so after
you go to the choppers like this um
he'll that you can go down and it's so
fun yeah I like this this smile track
and then a big check and then we want
this thing to practice and then after we
have on tree used poles which was much
easier
was it cold yeah we went straight uphill
and then watch come downhill because it
was so fast let's go
that's awesome did you do cross-country
was it fun you're cute hey downhill
skiing now come on Tiger let's do it
can I come work out with you you're cute
boy I love me sure do gotta find a shirt
that this girl he not cute it I look
looking for oh I like the one you're
wearing right now you're slamming my
butt
I'm busy it's right there now slap it
smack it serious place is not just bite
off and chew like a beef jerky stick
what a lot beef I'm not a teriyaki beef
jerky stick okay lady your bud squeezing
out of your stick out I've got a piece
of me I don't know if you wanna cut that
out or not you squeezing my father gets
a big piece of jerky teriyaki love it
with a turkey ah your baby shirts
there's like 800 in there oh is this one
okay well they're wearing their helmets
but uh we didn't take good job that is
very good I'm so glad you have your
helmet on and maybe I can help you with
the the extra visor you have yeah yes I
can help you oh you guys are so cute
hello kitty is so cool and just like
that we're back in Idaho where it is not
form has been sunny today but it is gold
pure gold
hahahaha
did you have a good day at school did
every I miss you where was it like
really hated your guts
maybe I put my cheese thank you your
teacher she must see the videos like
that Jenna you know my friends yeah so
yeah it was like they all miss you
hey yeah how about you yeah kind of your
teachers missed you because they had a
lot of homework for you hunt and yeah I
have a 5 pound 5 pounds I expect 7 5 10
good get to work about you MA hmm I
finished it how many pounds of homework
do you have
hmm just write nice sight words and read
but how many pounds now 1212 well aim
yeah your sister has 12 pounds well
she's easy homeworks oh snap your hairs
growing hey it's getting really long it
goes fast I wonder if this is the
longest it's ever been okay it's not the
snarly as it's ever been I've definitely
seen it more snarly but that's really
long yours getting wrong - Avia
yeah yeah cool well the boys have been
excited because they've been riding
their Jeep all day hey what you been
doing you playing the game I will eat my
head slug
okay go get your Hexbug hey Jackson have
a kiss
yeah thank you yeah yeah hmm thank you
for having stingy wait for kisses I am
the luckiest I am the luckiest and have
you do you like going on the airplane
yeah yeah
Jackson was actually very good boy on
the airplane yeah yeah we're yeah well
that was the last time we'll have to go
on an airplane for a little while but we
are going to Salt Lake this weekend
because Shay and Gavin have another book
signing in Salt Lake on Saturday so you
guys want to if you're in the Salt Lake
area book signing at a bookstore in Salt
Lake I can't remember the name of Shay
you have to help me out there huh all
right beeps to open the pot so you don't
want to piss on the meat that does not
rhyme it off of it and go to anyway that
was so cool it's rice in your stew hmm
don't look
hmm it's hot I never liked putting ice
in my food cuz I know it cools it off
but then it makes it like running but
this is already ready yeah I guess so I
guess oh it's also just rusty what no
putting an ice cube oh yeah I was gonna
say better watch it
rude and your wife is
Oh
