no math sunset look as you are you
rolling yeah are you men are you
capturing this memory right now yes this
memory being capture are you seeing the
raves are you seeing these flowers I've
seen my smile I love you too focused on
my smile this doesn't mean my butt's not
shaking grace Oh less shaky but you know
you know shaky but over here whoa the
Sun came out I think that's a sign here
we go can you gonna vlog it I'm gonna
have heart attack maybe no you're not
doing it oh all right
here it is this is what it's all about
family headed to the aquarium there's
grandpa carrying grandson that's my dad
my mom there's my girls my son there's
my wife's dad my wife's mom that's my
grandma which is my mom's mom and then
my grandma's husband who she married
which is not my grandpa by a lot
biologically how do you say that word
science but he is my grandpa in every
sense of the word call him Grandpa Joe
he's a very wise so anyways how cool uh
speaking of my dad he's wearing my mom's
flip-flops again when we went to the
aquarium dad wore mom's sequins
flip-flops they're so pretty on you quit
being so judgmental
then Emmy just came up to me and goes
dad grandpa's wearing grandma's
flip-flops again they're black we can't
afford to buy you your own somebody
didn't feel all right here we are at the
aquarium I can't wait to get back down
to the shark tank I'm gonna get the
shark tank
Mark Cuban I want I want to give you 12
percent for three fishies anyways how
cool is that to be able to have all of
their well not all of but you know six
of their grandparents to make these
memories with it's a really cool
cool thing to be able to remember Eddie
tarnish this thing off here where's the
off button on this thing I don't where I
love this glass this makes me want to do
a happiness as a choice glass sculpture
interpretation of the painting yes fill
me
no I'm saying anybody I'm talking about
you gotta get a big bright yellow piece
of glass in there though that's really
cool
zoom in close up I love blue that's
here's a gratuitous Hawaii shot look at
this palm trees blue skies gorgeous
white clouds and mountains yeah oh and
handsome dudes walking by Hawaii alright
okay it's Grandma and Grandpa okay now
we're bound to the cream they're gonna
feed the baby bird and watch
that's a camera background pause yo
grandpa sure so that I see with me yo
they're hogging it all yeah that's so
talking about also that Pina Colada yo
so hogging it off yourself Oh Big Bite
big bite
hey big bite at I see he gave his own
spoon that's what me me Gavin snorkelled
over here we are right here yo Matt
sunset look as you are you rolling okay
are you men are you capturing this
memory right now
yes is this memory being capture are you
seeing the race understand these flowers
I've seen my smile I love you too
focused on my smile this doesn't mean my
butt's not shaking Chris call that
shakey buddy you know you know shaky pot
over here miss shaky but sometimes we
call our sister shaky but I just
seriously almost caught dropped you guys
whoa the Sun came out I think that's a
sign I think it means we got to do
something cool I'm here here we are on
the side of a cliff Gavin Avia hide you
want to try it if I go first
I think you'll feel excited to try it
mom's saying no the Sun is out the rocks
are warm the ocean is deep the
adrenaline is pumping should we jump
into the ocean i'ma show you here's what
it looks like
whoo that's a steep at a steep wall it's
I think we're like would you say 30 feet
150 feet 500 I mean we could be 15 we
could be 15 feet off the water hair okay
I'm gonna try it I'm gonna jump you
don't come to Hawaii very often I'm
gonna do a cool trick off this cliff you
guys ready for this
okay here we are
can you gonna vlog it I'm gonna have
heart attack maybe no no you're not
doing it okay you're blogging babe
yeah I'm blogging okay but wait you see
me dad come on hold on one sec - it's my
dad okay hey go vlog flow over there
it's better okay okay
yeah I'm vlogging well remember we don't
know how high the tide is or how far
down the rocks are he said they've
already been snorkeling dad
they've already been what snorkeling
down there below okay how come you
didn't do it from up here just kidding
okay here we go
if you're gonna jump on foot
one two
oh my gosh oh my gosh when the dog went
flying yes I did Oh get on uh make you
motivation get unstuck I think it's time
to change station
how much can I rest when his life is
just a prayer I can erase regret I just
put in my best I'm gonna turn it into my
chest it's not a warrior
this bird is leaving the less crying
away - OH
oh my gosh when the dog went flying no I
don't want her to because I don't know
Avia baby what Ryan
oh maybe you better not look for their
big waves yes
if you wanna try it no idea no are you
gonna do it dad very good
is it pretty deep we can't hear us oh my
god face is so far down look at that how
deep is it how deep is it like 40 feet
oh I'm tempted to gently cuz I'd rather
swim back and walk back I'll carry your
California I love you bad
well nothing I didn't miss anything no
boy it was fun I was in my Mansura
x-rated week actual job well anyways we
are all the way to our book signing
Gavin tell the people where we going
we're going to the Grove I don't know
where
girl Barton milk I didn't know you were
back here Gavin he's got I was hearing
the voice Oliver so we're headed to the
Grove right now live in Angeles
California to the Barnes & Noble where
we're going to meet and greet and sign
and smile and take a picture I'm excited
to hear what people think about our book
I am paying Plus this money everybody
needs one everybody needs one I read it
it's good even if he wasn't my grandson
and Greg grandson it's still a marvelous
book everybody needs a stamp of approval
that's true for my ground line
my grandma never lied um so recording ha
ha ha oh and this morning you guys I
checked on the iTunes most downloaded
audiobooks work 20 number 12 moving on
up check it out right behind none other
than my good friend we wrote the
foreword for the book mr. Dave Ramsey
very exciting something thank you thank
you thank you to everybody who's
downloaded the book we appreciate it
let's go to the road we go guys here we
go we go Gavin you ready we're at the
Grove back entrance Lenny's here we're
going to the Barnes & Noble had a
security right there just watch her body
mostly she needs to her body needs the
Guardian grandma's here gum was here
have my grandpa Grampa's here got the
crew this is my posse I wrote the
yeah grandma a sniper danger this is the
elevator
Oh 150 on the card where's you shine
your Singapore we're gonna have all the
books signed before they go out there
and then people just have to show their
receipt so they're not actually to be
signing in front of everybody's yeah if
you guys excited no question this way
we'll just grab them you go perfect
okay they are longer yeah but yeah oh hi
hi were signing a book first we got the
whole day before you right Gavin go
there now now yeah thanks for the first
one you don't have any fun they're gonna
you got to give it some style they're
gonna think it's not oh there's yeah oh
yes put it all caps you gotta give him a
little throw a lightning bolt when I got
coming around I stared that autograph
like I stared it like every little
curvature he made I remember thinking
like Carlos that curve and that dot Matt
yeah there you go there you go one time
we went to he was doing something when
Darren Sammy said oh is this your
bodyguard
I don't it was em thank God
oh no need a bunny God thank God was
Glenn Robinson right well there was a
what was that Antoine Carr you played on
the Jazz he called himself Big Dawg
private a lot of dudes well Big Dawg
yeah I like to call myself being awesome
oh you are all right we're at the end of
the rope all right you guys we just side
honey 30,000 30,000 books hey catch it
alive but the bad was the last three
she's way look it up heartful did you
show me let me know this is the car
little cards in full and these cards are
inside of them just show people you can
go they're gonna get pictures and
they're gonna go and download their
picture this is Ellen she's been
watching her videos for my guinea
no we were we're already soul sisters
now I always feel a deep bond with
people that say they watched from the
beginning I'm like I love you yeah I do
sir if she's helping us out with either
money hands dude hey guys
all right are we done that the last week
just got a couple more and then these
ones are grandma's so you better put a
kiss on those one that one's for promise
you better keep it this one's for
Grandma oh just to Admiral Arthur King
oh my hell this one's not for you all
right
we finished we finished signing this
whole heart take it out now let's see if
we can sell any of these bad boys okay
take it down there here we go
staring exciting book signs downside of
security don't mess with her there's
grandma Jeff looking handsome as ever
a beautiful lady hi mama
Oh
oh dear
yes
on the blog
I love her pretty yes I'm pretty
girl
all right we're about to start this
there we go yeah oh no I didn't pull
those skinheads getting towed Terry I
was a good man great y'all slash either
we're about to get ready to leave our
apartment to go back to Idaho are you
trying to go back Idaho yeah
Daxton oh stop spill your drink are you
excited to go back to Idaho say yep or
just drink your all right are you
excited to go back to California
I mean Idaho okay say yeah huh so we're
just packing up right now
are you excited but it's gonna be all
right
just wish school with that ten I'd be
better so we can see it better
my name is YouTube's back stop go to
brick okay Jesus give her a hug
gonna be a little funny this last
California trip and Hawaii trip well my
bag is literally a thousand pounds it's
like so heavy
Lucas camera man she's been calling you
guys camera for a long time now I love
this end slate there's a picture of a
bunch of you guys posts and pictures of
yourselves with the book which one thank
you and too sorry for so many tweets and
retweets and tweets again about the book
hey listen so sue me I'm excited I have
a book um and I want to talk about I'm
gonna make a video on the shayloss
channel where I just kind of have a open
heart conversation not an open heart
surgery hopefully the book and this open
discussion will prevent open-heart
surgery but I want to have a like a just
kind of like a big Frank you know chat
about the book I'm excited and you know
I haven't feel like I haven't done that
in a while so be watching for that on
the shayloss channel on the shayloss
channel we are uploading daily workout
videos with the entire family so if
you've been missing out on the Shaytards
idios here because we've been on
vacation we do have daily videos we just
uploaded day 11 today on the shayloss
channel so links below go subscribe
watch those videos and seriously thank
you guys so much for getting the book
downloading the audiobook you can get
the book three different ways you can
get the physical copy if you're walking
through a bookstore a Barnes & Noble you
can have it shipped to your house
through Amazon or Barnes and noble.com
there's literally thousands of places
that you can get the physical copy of
the book or you can order a digital copy
where you can read it on your iPad or
your iPhone or your computer or you can
listen to me and Gavin read it to you
which is the audio book you can download
that on audible you guys know I was
talking the other day there's a free
like 30-day thing you guys know this
isn't a brand deal but audible.com slash
Shaytards or you can go on iTunes you
can get on iTunes in the vlog I was
talking about how we were number 20
that's so incredible just to see our
book with and amongst the same books
that I claim got me to where I am today
I'm talking Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert
Kiyosaki anything Dave Ramsey I can't
believe that I am even anywhere near
Dave Ramsey on a book chart list you
know I'm saying it's a dream come true
of a dream I never knew I even had and
it all started with books the self-help
section of your local bookstore is what
got me on the journey to where I am
today I guess one of anyways I give a
lot of credit to that so thank you for
supporting our book I'm very excited
about it
that's why I'm promoting it I know you
guys hate when I promote our stuff but
it's a thing that I created it's a an
a big achievement and I want to promote
it so I'm really proud of it so thank
you for downloading the audiobook or
buying it or just even asking for it
even if you don't see it in your local
bookstore if you go to what looks like
the manager of the bookstore and say hey
do you guys have that new hit book fat
dad fat kid in they'll be like no what's
that you'd be like oh everybody's raving
about it it's so phenomenal you know
like my grandma I'm just gonna bring my
grandma with me everywhere she's my best
spokesperson and my mom I love you guys
okay um we're back from vacation and
we're hoping to get vlogs up a lot more
regular alrighty so we will see you soon
love you guys thank you so much once
again a Salam Anya banana huh what's
that mean I think it means banana
see you tomorrow banana
