see what a three out of number one hit
music channel yeah yeah that's why not
watch Shaytards why why won't you call
me back
wha hey why won't you call me back
oh wow am I on the radio I think I am
are you ready
watching the Shh here we are this is me
pulling on the umbilical cord as a fetus
in the womb I'm in the womb right now
I'm a little baby in the way thank you
my mommy oh never turn your back on the
ocean I always like to ask them in their
age weight and social security number
oh I'm gonna make beard back is that ok
mommy
they can't really face just happy
birthday to my mommy happy anniversary
are you guys are you having a good
anniversary if I could turn back time
you don't stop I don't know whose kids
if they're not mine later dude oh it's
so frustrating but you can't go back in
time and redo it so you just have to
deal with the frustration and learn to
get over it your beauty is so
magnanimous that it burned the fog from
the lens ladies and gentlemen mommy tard
with a nice Rasta cab with a nice bum to
tote oh dude
pick up your go maybe if you jump come
on do I go so who's ready to go back to
school tomorrow
I am Sun tarde hey we're nice fleece
safe sweatin teach them teach them how
does it get down get down
1 2 3
do your killer at box young thanks for
being my partner in crime for the rise
with your scarf on here let me help you
get a pull like this I'll print the
start sport and red headband that's what
I like to see oh look it's one of our
daughters on a show did you say princess
card taste hard it's princess face
princess tartness let's see your hair
what kind of statement are you trying to
trying to make with that so the only
reason that you made the card is because
you knew where I was gonna film it so
you want to look like a good daughter on
camera oh okay sorry excited for school
tomorrow why I like that you are my mom
oh look who it is
it's baby tard baby tards getting the
golden cheddar fish ate oranges excuse
me and we got a rose she's gonna eat it
though you want to get later you ever
gonna go to school when are you gonna
grow up huh
can you run a baby she's excited hi hi
hi how are you doing today sir
shake my hand it's nice to meet you
rocky face is drinking from the cup on
the cut you clean it what are you gonna
grow up and be what are you gonna be
when you grow up
hey your ears look cool Ted go you're
gonna make a mess when you grow up well
good you're already practicing now
you're pretty good at it
brush me teeth good boy
you're just like your father you know
hey blue eyes how's the popcorn is that
good I'm here or stayed at the Radisson
again these are some of my favorite
accommodations wins just love always
wins love always wins
he's like a body pillow that's why I get
great dance let's go over get some sleep
they better have a continental breakfast
room gonna be Paris
okay I'll see you guys tomorrow thank
you and then I taught baby tard how to
swim kamikaze style we're now watching
the Shaytards watch Justin
what are you gonna be when you grow up
you're gonna make a mess when you grow
up well good you're already practicing
now you're pretty good at it you vacuum
the floor bro
that looks good you make mess the toilet
yes what's a toilet weirdo you guys who
knows how long Donny the dart has been
up there it's been years hasn't it if
you weren't around the Shaytards vlogs
when Donny the dart became a thing we're
having a nerf gun battle and I was
shooting at son tard missed him it hit
this window up there and then we named
it because the dart hung up there for so
long and to this day 2014 the dart lives
on how long it's probably been a solid
two and a half three years that's been
up there look at this look at these
weirdoes what is she doing is she
protecting the genitalia of these two
other mannequins you will not come into
this genitalia zone I am protecting
these genitalia
I am the faceless genitalia protector I
have no face but I protect Janet Elias
like I said before can we go can we
leave the premises we're at forever 21
and I am a loving husband so I have been
putting up with shopping places like
this all day oh happy Anniversary to us
I'm leaving right now I'm getting some
weird looks from the stuff what I'm bomb
a new skein I'm bomb a new scheme woman
I love you doesn't mean I don't love you
I'm just leaving hi guys
Shekar there my neck kinda hurts from
all the head bobbing oh I think I got a
kick of my neck
alright so we are in Salt Lake City I
got my mom something cuz it's my mom's
birthday today happy birthday grandma
tard she's like 34 years old right mom
we're celebrating our anniversary or
shopping probably to go to the movie
we're just you know being hit man and
wife hanging out and so I'm not gonna
have much time to get on the computer
and edit and compress and all that stuff
that you guys want me to do so I thought
to make this iPhone video we are
shopping like I said in my cards in in
stupid 21 I think they call it forever
21 but I'll have the vlog up tomorrow
it's gonna be a long one of the jazz
game that we celebrated last night for
anniversary okay hey guys I'm vlogging
mami tarde she's not coming out I got so
many weird looks in there okay guys I'll
see you tomorrow all flaw um edit the
vlog tonight and get it up this is the
vlog for today love you bye let's do Shu
tag NYX anybody who has black shoes has
to make a video about seven things they
had for breakfast in 1983
ready go you're all tagged
