Mahalo well another beautiful evening
here in paradise
that's why I gotta watch Shaytards what
is he a shark like sharks oh my oh me oh
my what is that is that the Pacific is
that a palm tree oh oh that's cool @
she's prettier than the Pacific
hey everybody today's Shaytards vlog is
brought to you in part by audible.com
father you brought you wherever you are
what do they say when they starting a
book audible I listen to so many books
on audible audible wherever you are
anyways brought to you by audible all
right you guys know we've done a ton of
brand deals with audible we love them it
is because of books and because of
audiobooks and audible that I am where I
am I really I've said that many times
and I totally agree all right so we're
going on a run it's our anniversary and
we both have our headphones in and we
are going to be listening to our new
favorite book that we just downloaded on
audible do you want to tell them the
title of the book Colette I think it's
fat dad fat dude listen this is a huge
day this is a very monumentous moment I
have promoted audible and books on
audible
realistically seven eight times on the
vlog so many books I've listened to
probably over 50 I don't know maybe
close to a hundred books on audible and
finally a book that I can promote to you
is a book that I wrote you wrote my son
I'm tiny I know I'm so excited show you
guys you can download fat dad fat kid on
audible right now if you don't want to
read the book because I know readings
lame and you just want to listen to it I
read it to you me and Gavin read the
book in the studio to you guys and you
can download it now audible has a free
30-day trial that you can go try out and
get a free book hopefully you get ours
there are a hundred and eighty thousand
other options you don't waste your time
with those there's only one you want to
let download fat
that batkid we're so happy it just came
out thank you to everybody who's been
tweeting us pictures of you holding the
book up and now you can listen to it and
me and Gavin sat in the studio and we
recorded this so it's us it's us reading
the book to you guys so check it out
audible.com slash Shaytards you get a
free 30-day trial and a free book try
out a free 30-day trial and get a free
book at audible.com slash Shaytards each
a little discount code please listen to
our book love it we're so excited about
it we're gonna go maybe hear you reading
it I know I am too I actually have not
listened to it yet so this run will be
exciting I'm gonna listen to myself I
think it's gonna be weird I feel like
I'm gonna be self conscious yeah I feel
like I don't know I'm interested to see
if it motivates me or if it makes me
feel like why'd you say it like that I
don't do that why did you know it'll be
good and here's another thing here's
another thing it's different the audio
book is different than the book I want
you guys to see how you can pick it out
not totally different not like way
different just I ad-libbed you know me I
have to ad-lib I have to add in
something so in the studio when I was
recording the audio book I would read
something and I told the audio recording
guy Travis I'm like hey can I add
something here I want to like say
something else he's like sure it's your
book so the audio book is actually
different and there's more in the audio
book so download audible.com slash
Shaytards get a try out a 30-day trial
membership and get a free book okay
let's go for run around here we go
right I'm worse
it's twenty trips around the Sun about
in passenger Jesus took the wheel when I
was burning in the atmosphere how am I
supposed to satisfy my soul when he
satellites they know my other browser
bong he strokes all hurt your
hippocampus man is cool daddy some hip
on campus is everyday is a canvas your
symmetry is lancet its bigotry is a
cancer try the browser mischief manage
their return to candor mind is clouded
the old man still snowing is cast the
dogs and all a fake
I ain't even knowing up green idol
stolen I'll I'm old but no one hears me
every morning
ibuprofen hell-bent I'm still Heaven
Sent see mama say you smell good angel
the choir singing you know sit don't box
you in get the angles you a galaxy with
human skin by the DAR by mutation
no there ain't no true image excuse to
take a look at like some planes I tried
to blend in with the stars so gotta get
so high did I dropped all my precious
cargo jet stream of memories and moments
that I borrowed come become tomorrow
it's beautiful
I'm listening to the book and I'm
already being very critical about myself
I'm like I don't know I figured I'd do
that I'm definitely being self-critical
about like how I said words and stuff
and then I think about well I hear
myself say the things and then I
remember back to a saying them in the
studio and I think I remember thinking
this about that so it's kind of hard for
me to concentrate because it's me you
know anyways please download the audio
book I recommend it alright we ran down
to this really cool spot where the will
never turn your back on the ocean that's
one rule of the ocean
one day Wendy if I was a pirate I would
hide my treasure inside this cave cave
of oneness because it would be hard to
get into because of all of these giant
waves hitting it all the time
whew Eric Conn's watch out that's cool
to the beat this one is oh that's your
say 15-foot wave wow you're gonna get
washed out to sea there tootsie roll
really crazy myself we go
Mahalo Mahalo I was gonna have more but
I put these two on I thought it was
funny of had like five pair of
sunglasses on but I could barely fit two
or so wasn't that funny of a joke hi how
you guys we're just breezing out here
today not doing much of anything these
two are not experiencing all that the
island has to offer
seems like they are entertained
nonetheless with something I'm not sure
what it is what are you guys watching
hey should we go out and explore the
ocean climb the volcanoes rent the ATVs
run on the beaches what should we give
just wanna watch cartoons
hey it's vacation yes sir I can do that
okay remember when avi used to call you
guys camera thank you camera should grab
it hey cam yeah listen on vacation
shouldn't feel forced to experience you
know all of the vacation amenities just
he'll do nothing right when you're on
vacation you don't wanna have to have a
huge itinerary like God it is God he
knows everybody up at 6 a.m. we're gonna
go to the aquarium don't want to go on
the boat cruise then we'll do this and
then but you know it's like I just want
to sleep in and then just take a nap
after that you know anyways we are gonna
go to the aquarium today look who's over
here still doing business always working
hello on the phone and the laptop I've
been in companies yeah it's beautiful I
went for a run five mile run fell it's
amazing if you want to know what that
track is that I ran two Healey I'll
leave a link in the description so good
I love it
anyways I have to make popcorn I think
we are gonna go to the aquarium today
though I heard they have a cool shark
tank wanna see a shark collect sharks
popcorn cam popcorn cam popcorn cam hey
listen let me talk to you about
something very serious
do you promise you will not spill this
on the carpet or the couch look me in
the eyeballs right square in them square
in my pupils kanya what if you spill
what are you gonna do dexon you need to
be here for this briefing excuse me the
popcorn is here we're going over the
popcorn briefing hey blondie can you
please not get any of that popcorn on
the couch I figured
least you're honest Brock we please try
to help me keep it clean oh yeah if you
drop some pick it up okay thank you all
right
you're on vacation so you'll have to be
too stressed out is that a bad cartoon
guys should the kids not be watching
that bear cartoon what is that it is
swear did I swear no not that shows oh
it is changing it and those another show
sometimes you never know what those
cartoons that the kids are watching what
kids watching these days that's why I
gotta watch Shaytards hey blue eyes
how's the popcorn it's that good
popcorns is that good popcorn hey do you
approve of the popcorn the pocket looks
like he likes it
hey your ears look cool that view he
liked that he likes that popcorn oh no
dumb dog
oh hello my friend subscribe you don't
want to grab that thing and if it's some
cocktails and deep-fry that's disgustin
how disgusting what we only order
calamari is broken here
we got foggy lens babe this lens has fog
in it we got it wet yeah now help you
guys well that looks better now actually
is it like put a filter on me Oh hold on
it feels like it's fixed somehow
oh I fixed this my face dude you are
your beauty is so magnanimous that it
burned the fog from the lens ladies and
gentlemen brothers and sisters
hallelujah you witnessed it
how did that happen it was foggy I swear
it was foggy and it just like power the
power of beauty Oh have his beauty laugh
it's like when you laugh like Candis
laugh faces yes she has a very it's a
it's a hearty laugh but it's a light
yeah I just need yeah Kaleigh does yeah
how do you okay we're going out to
dinner with the grandparents hey didn't
tell you Grandma and Grandpa and Grandma
and Grandpa and Grandma and Grandpa are
here six of them let's go I'll show you
I'll show the old people to you guys
hold on I missed it well I didn't get it
on camera but that was pretty awesome
memorable okay
let do it okay we are throwing guys
spirity mom you guys like my lovely a
long time ago I can't remember my
birthday here we're gonna help dad I
love you
whoa all right babe come on don't let
Gavin show you up three I'm about to
lose Hey
grandma's here grandpa's here out
welcome all right the Sun is setting or
at dinner
Colette's parents just got laid awkward
smells good
I didn't know you knew baby I made a sex
joke about your parents
I'm sorry I apologize
okay I'm my bad my bad
there's a smell good grandma they smell
so good
wait what am i vlogging he told me to
vlog it so I'm vlogging hi oh that's
silly
alright Shay got the circum turn just
got a green bean yep that's it alright
and we got a rose she's gonna eat it
it's really nutritious don't really eat
it everybody got flour pretty this is a
beautiful dinner look I got our fabulous
grandma look at that Georgia's thing I
got the clearing face they're beautiful
just like you well it's another one of
those nights you know one of those
nights we got down to the ocean a little
late today but the kids still wanted to
swim after sunset so he said whatever
crazies pushes me yeah you know snorkel
it's too dark but my oh my it's
beautiful there goes Gavin the girls are
out there body surfing right now oh it
is such a gorgeous evening well what's
the consensus was dinner good good
dinner
we did get snapper from the sea you cold
grandmas a little chilly out there's a
way there's a big wave there's a big
wave there's that me nice oh it's pretty
big wave coming boom got him Brock
you're gonna go get in any my floaties
here comes a wave let's follow it in see
if it gets the wee ones
here it comes right it Emmie
oh nice
you
oh man
I peed my pants dang it
got a mom get off your phone and look at
this sunset
mom you have to run down by the water
then try to run back up hurry come on
you're in Hawaii kick your shoes I'll
leave your phone here in case you tumble
in a sandy wave which I'm home okay run
down there it's a game hey don't run
down as far as you can run down touch it
mom run down and touch it do it again
well get down there racehorse get run
down there we go run run run run run
that necklace smells so good Oh down
grab ball run run Oh Matt's moving
pretty fast
well another beautiful evening here in
paradise we'll see you guys soon got'em
oh no a dance party more Tata shaken the
Tata shaken never ends around here Oh
spinner Gavin spinner okay babe I danced
with jr. you're doing a twist what's
going on over here
dancing all kinds of dancing I'll do
that step dad get up and dance with your
mother-in-law what the hell is that you
weirdo come on hey that's a wrap
dad's vests at the robot grandma's dance
and it's a party and your wife is
Oh
Oh shame
you
