yes this is the typical behavior you
guys I'm sure promised amount and I am
freaking out oh my gosh
all right guys buckle is ready for
school okay handsome he looks this is
one of the Hat mishaps for trixin I love
it is so cool my favorite and it's
Brock's I might have to steal it
I mean borrow it from wrong you heard it
oh no he knows my secret plan okay
oh it's gage all right you guys it is
the kind of weather or the time of year
where the kids go to school and it's
dark it's sort of sad when you wake them
up and they go to school in the dark
yeah you guys are so oh that's a hot
messiah
too isn't it oh my gosh I like that one
too love it
all right snow-capped mountain see you
guys look they're snow-capped that means
we get to ski on up yes good morning
where's your hat it's cold outside don't
you know it's wintertime guy needs hats
okay
does my breath stink it's true I just
woke up morning how are you this morning
good I love you all right scores go up
here's the couple
and getting over school this barrier is
gone
do you want your belly rub - come here
I'll get it
give me your get on it yet no okay oh oh
boil in the bed alright making slides or
scrambling up you know I love you babe I
like you guys it's protein you know he's
got a weird diet but it works for him so
we just kind of you know I love you he's
eggs you got to cook them slow that's
the trouble today
chickens bud okay um hey breakfast is
ready guys come get it that is fat but
that is just what you are giving - yeah
- I've gotta get up shake yeah babe yeah
senator when you're pleased I got
another package from a good internet
friendly super talented and popular and
they love me a semi cool stuff
Peter Hollens no way Christmas we got a
couple tracks on this album 11 tracks
including an acapella bonus track did
you know we love Peter Hollens
give a CD today what else instead what
my mom yeah I was on the phone with him
and I was like yeah did send me a CD and
then my moms like me too a bunch of them
oh thank you guys thanks Peter
nice look at that sign them all
beautiful sure to be a treat boys to my
demo oh come oh come on
grandma I got your wallet Edie look I'm
a good grandson
Oh yo okay so the kids are all at school
and I am up here this is one thing that
I've been working on for the last little
week so we just built this room this is
gonna be our like storage center here
kind of taking a page out of Roman
Atwoods book I love how they do the
smile more store right out of their
house that's family business you know
what I'm saying when it's like kids come
help me move these boxes that's how you
teach your family to work your kids to
work work will work when nothing else
will work that's what grandpa Eugene
taught me there's a sense of
satisfaction and doing like manual labor
and you know just building something
building anything trying to build this
clothing business it hasn't been easy
you know anyways solo Guilbert guys he's
he pressing some shirts right now got it
you got a heat press so shirts make them
nice and crisp fresh canvas to paint on
if you don't have a fresh canvas to
paint on I mean you better put down the
brush that's all I'm saying
quit comparing yourself mr. Bob Rock
listen Bob Bob would smack you upside
the head with his number four bristle
brush if he knew that you didn't have a
clean thinking freakin thing to paint on
what resent screen canvas clean canvas
bob ross clean up your canvas bob ross
take that number four brush and build a
little happy tree that's clean man you
could put a nice thing you do on that
this is cool I saw this is yours
no our futures ours anyways alright
killing it so we're working on this we
had to move a bunch of crap this was
like the throw wall for the studio we
had to move all this stuff clean it out
we put carpet in it made a seal up that
door now we're ready to rock and roll
also I've been doing quite a bit of this
as you can see in Idaho it's wintertime
and when you live where we live it's a
lot of work just to be able to leave the
house some days so let's get in ready
whoa where did he magic here we are in
the cab of the skid-steer all right we
got to move snow there's a big agenda
today Dan or Richards is come
you guys remember that song the Avia
wrote that I showed you probably like
two weeks ago
dan Richards it's going to be like their
return of forever love it's like forever
love to but maybe I wrote that song that
I showed you remember on the piano the
other day it was like a week or two ago
Danny Richards are a really good buddy
who is a songstress amazing talented
musician is coming today to help maybe a
right Andrew or not right but to record
the song and produce it and then we're
to make a music video so that'll be cool
huh all right let's get workin
whoever showed you guys how to drive
this she teach you guys how to drive a
skid steer it's cool because there's two
this is your forward your back if I want
to spin a bank left bone a spin right I
Bank right fun to move my bucket this
raises it this is my tilt up tilt down
oh I can stand up on my bucket I can
move my bucket I can wiggle my bucket
check out my book it I got a beautiful
book it beautiful book anyways um
there's that and when it's really
freezing this heater is nice got a
backup camera because you always got to
beware of the dogs and kids running
around
anyways look at this snow all right
let's move some guys want to try okay so
what would you do you know what that
does you know what that does
what's the first step okay we got to get
our bucket down on the ground because
we're going to pick up any snow let have
our bucket down right sometimes you can
just make it like level and I'll scoop
it up but I like to tilt it a little bit
because I don't like scrape the snow off
the ground because look see watch you
won't be able to see underneath here and
then we start picking up a pile of it
see how it starts to accumulate and we
tilt it down a little bit so you can see
it's all white going into the side and
then this is the fun part you ready okay
once we get here we got to raise the
bucket up you roos babe we got to dump
it out and then you gotta wiggle it get
all the snow off because some of its
packing on there then you go back and do
it again so you want to turn around
we're going back we're banking but first
check your rear view dog who's back
there are you watching banking back in
Reverse and those tracks baby boo-boo
alright we're going forward but bring
the bucket down it's hard to vlog and do
this bullet save them
alright here we go we're moving snow
good job guys thanks for helping me with
the chores I appreciate it
did you
ah
Oh
fumble
okay the kids are home from school hey
Brock
dude where's the other hat you were
wearing why you why are you wearing that
one cuz it would take two days again so
that's the same one that gage is wearing
so you wanted to wear that one I get we
got this box of tricks and hats and I
asked Brock to go through my said pick
out your favorite one and you can have
it so he picked that family one that he
was wearing the flannel one but that one
gage who he looks up to big time walked
in wearing this one
Brock went through our box of tricks and
hats and then put that one on
so it's gauge your best friend 'add yeah
no he cousins and best friends is this
for me this is a Christmas card me and
mom should I wait for mom to go home I
should wait for her to go home
she's gonna open it with me okay so we
can read it together oh wait mom and
Danna are getting lunch and then they're
gonna come home and we're gonna make
music with a B uh hey thank you buddy
that's really nice of you you made me a
Christmas card not sweet hey where's
your Christmas card into the top where
oh you have one for me too
oh one of yours too Zeke did you make me
a Christmas card lazy dog Oh all right
I'm ready this is for me specifically
walls for you and mom that's so pretty
well I like those colors I like those
sparkles thanks Sam hang that on the
fridge
it's very colorful indeed hey guys sorry
we have been in my
we just needed some faculty but we're
having them see well we're getting ready
for bed and Jackson looks super cool in
spider-man jammies he's been he's gonna
you know I don't know what whatever it
is that spider-man does that yep that
okay stop so nice yeah I hope smash -
the green yes this is the typical
behavior you guys and sheer performance
- mouth and I am freaking out oh my gosh
it looks like you're wearing the same
thing almost behind you this is a little
bit different uh you're gonna do great
no what is just so long so look fast
and it surprises the first time you
performed for people like this year yeah
sure
that's what that's for a present for any
school anyways
Gavin Russell today Gavin I took second
city second city haha nice job oh he
lost one and he won one he is champion
yeah brah way to rub it in your routine
but ok whoa dude alright um I'm gonna go
just one yeah let's not hurt people with
him bro yes let's go brush your teeth
now are you ready yeah okay okay
