Daxton I need some alone time I'm tired
of you guys chill around six out hoses
when she comes
give her hands exam I don't know don't
know what your daughter's judging you
join us not the dark side join the dark
side merry Christmas everyone so we're
just eating a little leftovers from
yesterday we get to have Christmas
dinner twice Christmas Eve and Christmas
Day that's oh yummy we're just hanging
out dad is editing the Christmas video
as you all know and I'm sure you're
waiting for it and we're just enjoying
ourselves and Gavin is still in his
jammies yep part tradition I'm not
selling my daddy's oh so don't load oh
no I'm not Merry Christmas everyone that
we hope that you're having a wonderful
fabulous Christmas day yes yeah now what
are we gonna do at watchtowers or in our
Star Wars and are debating on whether
we're going to watch it from the very
beginning of the actual story or the
beginning of when they made the movies
like starting with Luke Skywalker I kind
of feel like we should watch any
beginning of the story starting a
beginning of the story right I've never
watched in that way so I think we should
even though it's hard for me to get
through those ones cuz I really love the
original but it's good to know the whole
story
and then anyways if you don't like Star
Wars you're probably like that but if
you do join us not the dark side don't
join the dark side too late did we lose
them to the dark side
Gavin's about to become part of the
excited I'm really happy - really is
better to watch Star Wars with me oh
okay
play play and I'm gonna be folding
laundry yay oh look at you guys and
you're spider-man rows section you guys
look so cool I love your feet go you
love your outfit dude Merry Christmas
hey you having a great day what look in
popsie oh you got bubble wrap huh let's
see yours nice you look so cozy with
what fuzzies hmm cool dude I wanted to
yours let's see it why do Quincy Jackson
look a mommy you look so cool well cuz
it's a crayon kill do yes I know I've
said it once and you know maybe I'll
just say it a million times but would
you just look at it it's it's
frustrating it's so pretty do you guys
ever see something that's so beautiful
that it makes you frustrated like I feel
like I can't appreciate it enough I can
just need to be out in that staring at
it just skiing that's actually I think
what I really am feeling in my bones is
that I should be flying down that like
25 30 miles an hour with two sticks on
my feet why am i doing that cuz I stayed
up late editing that's why I'm so pretty
out here
look at the crystals you see the
crystals the crystals wait please just
look at him
just for a second I just want you to
look at the crystals okay okay did you
see him love crystal looking all right
you guys we're headed on a trip that we
are excited because where we're going
it's not going to be a negative
you could add about 90 degrees to that
and that's the temperature of where
we're going
you know just a little different good
should I keep walking you cuz you're
clear logging Oh My heavens now I have
to come up with some funny things too
yeah you might as well inches okay so
did I ever tell you about this one time
that this family went to this tropical
place to go snorkeling that's a great
story
 I'm logging skin so you're either
gonna be funny or not well you know I
always am so here we go here we go
arrrooo why'd you take it good morning
kiddos how are you being funny yet I am
oh is it being funny I'm being fun
really turn the camera off
Oh Oh Brock you excited yeah how excited
are you one is kind of act not really
excited at all and ten is like holy cow
my ears are gonna explode I'm so excited
excited where are you at you're here
your tan your ears are exploding do
don't have nine in the bag Daxton I like
my ears are you excited Jackson say I'm
excited that yeah thank you
here we go another adventure together as
a family my three sons right there's my
daughter there's my daughter there's
coal ahead
you look cool kids don't forget touch
the outside of that aeroplane everybody
look at Gavin a good big brother teaches
younger brother the ways of travel
safety
guarantee you here we go
she's made me too
you look fun
Jemma's dealt with much less in Salt
Lake City we have a grumpy passenger I
know doesn't want to get off there's the
moon the Sun just came up
Jackson's still being a brow like you
we're coming there the little travelers
here we go another adventure together as
a family isn't it about time to catch a
fly let's move it I know a lot of you
are wondering where you go and where you
go and I'll tell you we're going to Los
Angeles California to hang out for an
undisclosed amount of time and we may or
may not be uploading vlogs a couple
every once in awhile
oh this Joe is cold oh it's cold yeah I
can see your breath Daxton no you're in
Salt Lake you can see your breath on the
jetway Gavin I dare you to stick your
tongue to it all right here we go to
California touch the airplane Daxton
your turn these her two kids getting on
really going to
Saxton hey keep it down up there
drop-top where's your coat
all right here we are Los Angeles
California we made it we're here
Gavin Butler hi howdy everybody's
sitting on suitcases waiting for the
uber to show up well we're finally at
the apartment we're just watching some
Netflix gettin I'm tweeting the video
for the day and we're stuck stand Baxton
hey dude it's like guys leave me alone I
need some alone time I'm tired of you
guys had to sit by you on the airplane
Jackson I love you oh there you are
where's Jackson we're going to Los
Angeles International Airport and of
course if you time it just right on your
way in sometimes an airplane will fly
right over your head oh here comes one
now
let's watch it land
ever seen an airplane land this close
Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka
Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka choo that's
a polar bear
Brock what do you think a cool to train
Christmas tree
whoa Merry Christmas everybody
it's a magical after Christmas moment in
the airport and there was a choo-choo
train come around the tracks she'll be
coming round the mountain when she comes
she'll be coming round the mountain when
she comes
chill around zigzag horses when she
comes
give her hands exam I don't know what
your daughter's judging you majorly and
scene anyways we're about to get on
another airplane to go to another place
but we just thought you might want to
see this tree in this - to train and
accident standing up in a stroller
okay that's what we're doing right now
wow that is very magical
jeez that's I'm excited that we're
taking off right now mm-hmm
right you ready better hurry
all right baby are you ready for this
here we go
breaking into song breaking into song oh
dude drop the beat rock drop to be I
love when he drops the be dropped from
the beat with the sunset dude what a
great moment this is gorgeous
all right another jetway so we came to
Los Angeles for a day and now we're
going to wear our vacation destination
is what acciden Jackson just said look
catch what protection the place is great
for the people of this planet outside of
the plane good job factly that's what
I've been saying for years
let's go kilos dance at the airplane all
right it's late 30 in the morning and we
had a little bit of a fiasco getting
here we're here we did it
we have all six of our bags and dad
sited is a long flight little broccoli
the little hope to have a good flight
you've got to watch movies and eat food
and then you've got to sleep and now you
want to sleep some more if you're so sad
I love you and this little guy is plumb
tuckered out too
