oh this our start in the 2014 traders
Christmas special yes who's asleep Santa
Claus can't come and tell you're all
asleep then it has sleep dar you know
what that is it's radar for sleep you
guys cannot come out of this room or
Santa will hear you if you guys try to
come out of the room and he's here he
will shoot right up the chimney so don't
come out or you won't get any presents
okay
we're not doing the Christmas special
anymore I'm not done Christmas shopping
okay so I'm starting to bring in some of
the presents to wrap them so how to be
careful like a ninja going through the
house guys Christmas is hard no it's
been said many times many ways it's
Christmas Eve yeah this is your first
Shaytards Christmas special
my mom does this tradition every year
where she gets matching pajamas so mom
has a tradition every year where she
buys everybody the same pajamas so
everybody's wearing the exact same
god damn Beulah Merry Christmas marry me
a thousand Merry Christmas
we're about to go get the kids
okay good morning here's the deal we
want to go show you the kids presents
because Hannah Jets hope you guys are
all having two Merry Christmas
this is one of my favorite pictures to
remind us of what Christmas is really
all about that Santa Claus kneeling to
the baby Jesus
I gotta stop Santa's gonna get a big old
thank you come here kiss me very
nostalgic very nostalgic moment there
could be could be a winter storm warning
and oh my is anybody seen here reindeer
tracks out there oh what's that oh no
it's a shadow
it's not a run for a sleigh ride
together with you we'll go eat some hot
chocolate by the fireplace that's what
we need to do on Christmas Eve hey cutie
what are you doing you want to play nerf
with us all right
what do you think are you ready to creep
the kids out I'm ready are you ready I'm
ready
I have been wanting this my whole life
and my girls are getting older and I
finally thought you know what this is
probably my last year that they're going
to want this I don't really know if they
want one but they're getting it and I'm
gonna play with it a 20 year old
American Girl doll do you remember
playing with that yes still creepy 20
years later never we didn't have five
kids nice they're all in that room oh I
would not buy her a salmon coat for the
life of me do you love them yeah those
are so sassy and cute
I'm opening the one because you hold my
heart cute and sassy I mean only if you
want to Santa loves you no matter how
you are Christmas
look at me there's white here's a light
and here's a lie
lots of wisdom puppets up Merry
Christmas Gavin yeah can't calm in
zombie on your where it's zombie shirt
on Christmas that's alright Merry
Christmas
thanks dude what's Christmas about right
it's not about getting what's going on
you're with the adults this year you've
got a stiffness this know what looks did
you get whoa new JS nice bi Joe shirt
it's friggin awesome you've been talking
about it for the last six months you
finally got it there it is
let me see you show the back of it just
looking at it would you look at it for
church clothes that means they're ready
to go to church a lot I guess
are you happy you like your presents
sundered rocker I want you to look at
this dark zone first scooter ride see
you guys later
this is pretty star it's Christmas Eve
do you want to wake up my dad is you
guys excited this is gonna be so fun huh
princess Todd do you like Oh are they
cozy
Merry Christmas cool Barbie
congratulations it's a big bag of paper
congratulations you got your own camera
that's just darling calendar you like oh
yeah who picked that out for you they
must be a total stud I think the best
Christmas ever
we got another vlogger in the family all
of a sudden Merry Christmas a vo
angel yeah angel that's nice ad should
kind of a great the angel you are
getting a lot of crap guess who's coming
tonight get dad present oh you so fancy
that's pretty dresses what do you think
he looks so sassy what does that say
baby tie would you get the Santa come
when you bring up candy Tinkerbell do
you love it got a little doll that's so
cute
do you like it
you're a very good helper thanks for
helping me so much no you don't you can
do it I guess that means you're excited
oh there he goes there he goes
awesome pajamas I don't forget about
rock-hard
Superman come on guys we go to bed yes
sooner you go to bed the sooner Santa
Claus comes
hey buddy lie down Santa's not gonna
come unless you go to sleep lie down
Brock Merry Christmas
span across Rupp juiced and present
Danika Superman Santa Claus he is came
ready with some bro those are your
presents your presents are over here go
hit that red box right there right in
there that's for you
go pick a present just whatever one you
want you might get a purse you might get
some jewelry cool dude Merry Christmas
we have to sit here till he gets it open
they might be here for a while track
Uli's going to town that's how you open
a present right any time at all but in
his present please oh good that's how
you know it's a good Christmas when you
get a lot of socks what's in there
that's for you dude pull all the paper
out first
like it nice overalls dude look he's
excited he's happy overalls petrest you
get your treasure truck that's a bell
that santa thought wood might be
annoying Merry Christmas
yeah dude that's spider-man hey what is
that rock-hard thank you it's mine
that's all that matters
this is your very first Christmas of
many 2013 was the very first year what
are you gonna do all those other ears
yeah mom I love Christmas
cuz all I'm gonna do is sleep and eat
and sleep and eat and then poop and then
speak I need baby Jesus is watching TV
you might be too old baby Jesus this
year oh man mom come on I play this part
every year what do you mean look it is
my first Christmas yes it is your first
Christmas Merry Christmas uncle see you
toys up see the prize yeah come see come
on Christmas baby Jax what do you think
there's no Christmas sweaters allowed on
dogs
come here Jackson DQ stay out of there
we're cooking your Christmas Eve dinner
alright come on Larry
come on your undertones the noble grape
James sitting by the fire Ezekiel just
had his Christmas deer steak now he's
feeling cozy by the fire
Zeke well I think that's just about a
wrap on the Shaytards Christmas special
who had a good Christmas you guys have a
good Christmas why don't you guys tell
all these people watching Merry
Christmas and thank you for watching our
videos
so I'm very grateful to all of you who
watch our videos and who are just part
of our lives and tune in every day to
hopefully have a smile and see what the
Shaytards are doing and it's been a
great year so I love you guys
I love you guys all right Merry
Christmas buddy memorable or joyous
going on I think that's it from the
straight charts Christmas special we're
gonna be snowed in for Christmas
nobody's going nowhere
Shaytards very rock dark beer hot silent
night holy night all is calm oh oh oh
all these bright stuff normally kids
toys are freaking toys everywhere I hope
you guys had a Merry Christmas and I
really appreciate you guys watching
these videos so sorry for getting a
little sappy on you but you know it is
the holidays and all so see you guys
tomorrow bye I never know how to end it
I'm always like ooh I do
