well I guess we're gonna get a white
Christmas then eh yeah Brock telling how
much snow we have how much snow do we
have do you see how deep that snow is
you can turn around it's right behind
you well there it is good luck all right
you guys we are right now about to open
our very first Christmas present this is
a family Christmas present don't open
the door yet we first moved into this
house I said that I wanted to get
something like this for towing the kids
around on sleds and then in the summer
for going camping on and I just got it
and it's a first Christmas present okay
where's abya hurry come on look even
Zeke's getting anxious to see it he's
ready hold on let me go out here watch
out all right and we keep your eyes
closed keep your eyes closed
okay everybody come out and look at your
very first Christmas present open your
eyes what do you think brah
we will be using this tomorrow to drag
you guys around on the sleds Daxton do
you want to go down there make it boy
here daddy Saturday yeah Merry Christmas
well what do you guys think oh we're
gonna get a rope and some big sleds and
I can tow you guys on this we'll go for
a ride look and it has room in the back
you can throw your sleds and jump in
there take you to the top of the hill
Merry Christmas everybody
love you guys it could fit our whole
family all seven of us how cool is that
do we even put Zeke in the back of this
we can fit all eight members of our
family this is a great tool to have all
right
Colette start it up yeah give it some
gas all right going on the maiden voyage
good luck fun
oh snap C letter Z good day I was gonna
say good morning but it's kind of
afternoon anyways we are Santa's elves
assistants worked rahmanir wrapping
presents but I have to be careful that I
don't film any presents that haven't and
wrapped yet oh I can't see that you're
hiding that a little bit I can't see
that that's okay Brock won't see it
rocks presents over there I'm just going
to do this I'm so excited christmas is
just a couple days away just a few days
I'm wanting to get all these presents
wrapped and that way we can just enjoy
Christmas and we can know that all the
prisons are wrapped and we don't aren't
missing anything I have a really big
problem with I buy presents too early
and then I put them somewhere and I
can't find them so I have to find a few
as a presents that I bought and roughed
them
I should just wrap them right when I get
them right and put them somewhere I
don't know anyway do you like it I just
wanted to buy see her the bells oh these
are my elf ears okay
just slapped a little bow on this one
this one is for grandpa Karl I hope he
likes it what it's very little but it's
very nice it's a nice gift I think I
think you'll like it do you like your
present
Avia mom compact alright which one are
you wrapping right now Eva Jackson
Jackson that one's for Jackson got these
little things for all the boys hmm
what could it be any guesses alright
ladies and gentlemen ladies gentlemen we
have a wintry Wonderland emergency
snowstorm situation going on up at the
ranch why do you have scissors
those are my hay scissors put them right
by the oats okay it's really cold and we
need to go help these cows we need to
build a wall for the cows it's so cool
so come on we got to do a big chore the
whole family's helping out let's go it
is so so so blustery out there we're
trying to build a wall for these cows or
shed quite isn't ready
the wall building crew when me and oxen
are just hanging out in the car for a
minute because I don't think he's gonna
have fun out there I'm ready to go
you're gonna build a wall with this hey
ready we're gonna load it in these uh
sleds what are they called
sleds oh wow you look good I can you
pull these wrap on I should have brought
all our goggles that would have been a
good idea you guys are so cute gage
where's your hat dude guys are doing
good okay pick one up Brock mm-hmm
I tell Brock to pick up his own Bell hey
you got you twirl you can do it
good job guys wait I think we need to
put them in this ledge just stack them
over there okay yeah I just stand here
for now just leave a bunch just start
getting them out of the Train cool watch
art what's up what that would like to
know teamwork
hey ready watch out Bronx Bronx get out
yeah fish yeah
oh hey like that Hey loaded once let up
the water it's lovely weather we're
having this time of year
all right
I can't feel my cheeks all right you
guys that is a wrap on our windbreak
wall the cows are found happy they got a
wall they have fresh drinking water that
is not frozen because of electricity
thanks a lot
ice water trough melter thingy so they
got plenty of water and then this is
their little windbreak we were trying to
get them a barn built before the snow
really hit but it didn't happen but you
guys these guys are happy now we gave a
monkey huge bag of oats and then they
can just chill behind this one break
look real happy you happy mean dave it's
miserable out here I ain't gonna lie to
you but we gave him the best we could
they got plenty of hay to eat I gave
them like half a bag of oats and we Pat
them and put them a wall and they got
water so job team good work little
chilly I heard great job babe he's work
on a farm like a rule no stop
oh great weather we're having huh kids
hey thanks for you guys's help you guys
are look at me look over here
you guys are great farmhands look
Danny's got his snow tires on no well
yeah I gotta go do some Christmas
shopping
let's see Casey put this bad boy to use
crazy
kids playing in the snow dude it is a
winter wonderland out here for sure here
we go sled guys seatbelts on
what okay we gonna sleep down to the
house come pick me up up all my oh I
hope my uber driver is cute oh no all
right you guys staying warm in here oh
it's a little drawing little he found
the screw in the trailer dude I needed
that if you take that out of the trailer
the trailer will fall apart no it's just
okay okay - are you cold good call right
let's go down and have some hot
chocolate wants hot chocolate let's go
get some hot chocolate well put punching
things okay I'm not sure saying let's go
well I guess we're gonna get a white
Christmas then eh
hahaha Merry Christmas y'all Christmas
Merry Christmas guys
this may the best Christmas ever huh
Daxton Merry Christmas buying buying
vine Oh Merry Christmas Lord Jesus lay
down your sweet all right well hopefully
the cows I feel good that we did
something at least I think they saved
happy sitting yeah so now they have a
windbreak they have water they have food
I might go sneak them some more corn
molasses oats later W fine they're tough
I was told by all the local farm folk
around here that you know there's range
cows I just they're out on the range a
year round and they just have to suffer
the weather think about the deer and the
elk they got thick Heinz they're for the
weather so it sucked I try to do my best
for them it does it makes me feel bad I
have a soft heart towards animals too
I know a lot of you guys do also so now
are we doing bad it's Christmas time
looks like it's time to take out the
trash that's what it looks like I'll
take that out that could be my job
listening to Sparrow in the birch just
feeling festive with the holidays hey
thanks for all your hard work out there
on the range cowgirl got cowboy boots
over here merry Christmas to y'all I did
get water in my phone so I
put in the bag of ice
hey that just the cutest egg thing you
ever did see
I think that was about the cutest thing
I ever did see happy holidays from
Brooke major all right you guys the
chores never end here on the ranch
I lost my momentum now to pull out the
camera check us out look at this pile of
snow I'm pushing dude oh man this is
crazy there we go here we go
all right momentum gravity dude this is
like a six-foot tall pile of snow oh oh
I gotta go
push it oh jeez I'm on top of it oh man
it is so snowing out here
look at this thing holy crap this snow
it's like halfway up on the tracks that
those tracks are almost three feet tall
I've been sliding everywhere in this
thing moving snow doing chores look at
the pile I have over here that's like
eight feet tall my land mountains in the
snow in the mountains all right we're
having not joes for dinner you guys do
you know what tomorrow is
dude it's Christmas Eve you ready for
this shade Reds Christmas special starts
tomorrow morning I'm just gonna set the
camera by my bed and as soon as I wake
up I'm just gonna turn the camera on and
start rolling okay babe so dress pretty
when you go to bed cuz as soon as we
wake up we're gonna be on camera yeah
you know yeah we got a bunch of shopping
done we did some good for some people
we're gonna tell you about it cuz we
just did the good just to do the good
but now I guess it's luck I can't
dang it I should have told him we did
good for people we did not do any good
for anybody anyways now we're eating
dinner and tomorrow's Christmas
hmm I'm excited you guys excited we have
so much snow outside brach telling how
much snow we have how much snow do we
have exactly a lot I took a picture of
dachshund today next to this window I
was gonna tweet it but I never did I was
gonna say we got about a half a baby's
worth of snow today look at that
can I open the door we get yelled at
look at this go ahead come stand next to
this Brock come here dude
Oh My heck it's like the fossils in the
rock comes stand right next to that go
stand next to that turn to me look at me
Brock Daxton you go stand next to it
okay everybody all the way except for
Daxton everybody watch out I just want
the short one go there okay goes down by
this now okay look at me do we got three
quarters worth a baby worth of snow up
here we doing it dad good job
look out look how deep the snow is dude
did you see how deep that snow is you
can turn around it's right behind you
well there it is look at snow can you
believe we've got that much snow yeah
yeah it's crazy
yeah am a psychic do you just put it the
shark in the snow like the truck hey
Brock go meet your guys dude you could
probably like make tunnels for your guy
never mind
mom's gonna yell at me just put that one
in there let's see put your hand signal
there is no watch go like this let me
show you you watch like this like this
put them in the snow like that yes yeah
there we go
Kahless there's our snow shark dog shark
is good nice shove it out close the door
close the door then he'll just be there
okay watch out shut the door then he'll
be like in an aquarium no dad - leave it
leave it leave it
catch out the door he's gonna be in a
snow aquarium can watch out heads up Oh
boys swimming out to sea yeah we got
decks well that is how much snow we have
it is gonna be a white Christmas what we
actually should yeah like a an aquarium
collage yeah great idea babe what gab do
we have coral we need to make a snow
aquarium for all of our guests that are
coming over tomorrow we'll see you guys
tomorrow tomorrow's the Shaytards
Christmas special merry Christmas
everyone
see you tomorrow I hope you guys have a
happy holidays
yeah happy holidays everybody Holi green
the ivy green singing prettiest picture
you've ever seen it's Christmas and
Kolani know the folks at home are we in
Killarney hi Killarney faces your the
insulate Merry Christmas
tomorrow is the Shaytards boom thermal
please I'm trying you touch me they do
it soft and then come in louder and I'm
gonna present the sheet Hertz Christmas
charity action ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls the Shaytards Wisla special uh
we're laying in bed right now and we
just are gonna wake up I get out of bed
and celebrate the holidays click on this
video yesterday's vlog click on the
mystery video and soot the shader has
been 1 2 3 4 7 yes and then brace
yourselves for a Christmas Spectacular
how long is the Christmas special gonna
be that's a question I'm gonna ask you
right now I feel like you said at one
point that it was gonna be no honey
don't say the T word 2 minutes long no I
did say will be the longest Shaytards
Christmas special ever I think I may
have made a pinky swear promise about
that though staying pinkie swear
promises yeah he'll just jump right up
and get you in there and get you so be
looking forward to that you guys the
very longest Shaytards Christmas special
a bur will be uploaded tomorrow I don't
know what time maybe later it takes a
long time
a long time to edit so be patient but be
ready it's gonna be awesome and thumbs
up this video and leave us a very very
nice comment thank you we'll see you
tomorrow
hi Merry Christmas everybody
hey here's one thing you could do go
watch all of the other shades hard
Christmas specials right now I've put
them in a playlist below you can click
on the playlist and watch all previous
7/7 Shaytards christmas specials maybe a
marathon you got to watch yeah you got
to watch all the reruns so you know
what's happening in the new 2006 15
tradition our kids have watched all the
reruns this season like eight times
they have been watching you've been
watching them I gotta go honey monocle
okay let's face it under the mistletoe
but Sir so we're gonna go make out kay
bye
