oh my goodness here we are you have
stumbled upon quite the scene here a
samurai is about to unbox some books
right
watch out boy this is my box jumping
area oh did you get stabbed with the
samurai swords now another victim so
dude no more Power Rangers for the baby
well it's a little aggressive Daxton
it's not a pray that you've conquered
those are me and Gavin's box hey
everybody one take we decided that you
guys might want an extra a vlog miss
video and yeah this is an epic moment
this is a moment that I want to have on
camera and so we thought we'd share with
you guys I know you guys are getting
sick of us selling you stuff tricks in
the book mom's little christmas doubt
with the kids all right open the book
gavin open it open it open it open it
what are we waiting for
check this out okay so we're breaking
rules right now actually
wait beware beware we are do not Oh No
Gavin did you open it Gavin that was a
test what is the red sticker say Gavin
Butler yeah now the book cops are coming
em just kiddin open it up
yeah we're not supposed to open it until
December 29th do it I'm gonna listen
ain't no little red sticker gonna tell
me what to do okay I'm excited okay
focus focus open it open it open it well
it's a big snake
rave reviews what do you think buddy
Daxton I think you read that he's
reading our book yeah yeah that's that's
Shane that's daddy and Gavin yeah open
that one babe open that one
oh there's pictures I love a book with
pictures Brock do you want me to read
that to you tonight
well it's 200 pages we're talking 30
chapters people a real professional book
what that is a sharp object falling from
an above head situation I'm you guys so
people have been getting the books we
got a pallet of them Gavin's idea I
think I've said it the lime green is all
Gavin designed by Gavin great so it's a
good sturdy book right yeah I think we
should who should we give him to Brock
who do you want to give him - yeah he's
a cool guy I met him last week on the
corner he's like no I'm like what's up
yeah I don't know you can take some to
your friends if you want yeah they're
just 2999 apiece not just kidding
they're not that much
what says on I mean you can get them I
think they're online right now for like
12 or something I don't know but you
guys they're gonna be everywhere
available online here's what I wanted to
say if you have got a book thank you
seriously
I've been watching Twitter like a hawk
favoriting annoyingly retweeting people
that tweet about the book I know if you
follow me on Twitter I apologize I
retweet a little obnoxiously sometimes
what who's that that's the early days
that's Gavin with the beard shaycarl not
crazy
all those old pictures in these books
Gavin can I just shake my hand
congratulations my friends I love you we
did it bud what do you think can you
believe this moment
pretty crazy I'm excited talk to me yeah
there's a box of books a box of books
that you wrote bro oil boy what do you
think do you proof we get rave reviews
no that's what they're looking for
where's my name where's my in him
where's my name yeah there's a lot of
friends names in it some of my youtuber
friends names are in the book my mom and
dad get a shout out Casey gets a
shout-out oh that just dawned on me now
I don't know if I gave Carly and Logan a
shout-out dang it Carly and Logan I
can't remember anyways
Gavin did high five and here's another
thing with the book that I'm very proud
of that me and Gavin have been working
quite hard on is we are making 30
shayloss videos every single day for the
month of January on the shayloss channel
because there's 30 chapters in the book
we're gonna kind of like review and do a
workout for and do a Gavin's tip of the
day every single day for January that
will go along with the chapters of the
book right I love you
hey let's do that listen if we go to the
store let's take like five of these
Brock will you pass them out to people
okay we'll just go around like when we
go do our Christmas shopping you can
just like give these to people any fun
yeah here's what I was gonna say if you
can't get a book I understand that's
fine it's like who wants to support
another obnoxious youtuber that wrote in
an obnoxious book I get it here's what
you could do that would help us out if
you just go to the store at Barnes &
Noble they're gonna be in Barnes & Noble
across North America and I think other
places but I can't say yet I don't know
they're gonna be all over the world
we will send one of these to your door
if you have a mailbox if you have ever
seen a postman a mailman a mail woman
somebody bring in a
letter a bird flying with the message
what's that called
yeah I'm just saying any person
delivering mail we will send you one of
these books so don't tweet me like
sherry do they come to Norway yes do you
have a mailbox in Norway I brought yeah
we'll send it anywhere also if you could
go to the stores and say hey do you have
the fat dad fat kid book that would help
us out a ton like if you just asked go
look for the manager try to find the
most senior looking person at the Barnes
& Noble and be like I have a question I
really am looking forward to this new
book it's called a fat dad fat kid by
straight Butler and Gavin Butler do you
guys have it where is it I want to buy
ten of them and then just hurry I'm like
actually you have to go to the bathroom
and then just run out of the store
sprint keep your knees up and then when
your keep your elbows in close to your
side that helps you go faster and you
want to point your fingers some people
think that's like more aerodynamic but
just run to your car you can leave and
you don't have to buy any books but the
manager of the Barnes and Noble will be
like do people been asking about this
book that the iPad kid what's up and
then they'll order more and then that
will help me and this little guy get to
the top of the New York Times best
selling list I think we could do it with
your help
even a tweet a favorite just to get it
out there but it's not just to sell a
piece of crap book we sincerely believe
in the things that we said and we're
backing them up we're backing them up by
practicing them every day for 30 days in
January so be looking for those those
videos and the books are here last notes
all right we love you guys Merry
Christmas we'll see you tomorrow just
thought I'd give you an extra vlog
tonight to sell you more of our crap and
hang out with our family but we are very
very excited and it's because of you
guys we really are very proud of it and
think it has a great message watch you
guys
Dave freaking pardon my french ramsey
wrote the foreword that is a huge honor
for me Dave Ramsey right there dude
that's so cool
he got me started on this whole path so
thank you my friend Dave Ramsey that's
awesome and then you guys you guys know
Blake
Tonio took the picture good body of mine
I worked I've been working with at maker
studios for six years he's on the back
cover took the picture
Blake O'Neill right there cover design
simon & schuster shout out key word
press dude Gavin I'm so proud of it it
looks great
I'm so happy what yes sir I'll write it
to you right now and you can listen to
it there's an audio book there's an I
know I couldn't believe it either
but there's an audio book you can listen
to it why are you going Beach runs all
right bye guys Merry Christmas
please pre-order now I'll leave a link
below all of the information about the
book is at fat dad fat kid Kong see you
guys Merry Christmas
