hey we want to let you know that this
episode of this are you mocking me yep
this episode of the Shh arts is brought
to you by fine folks that loves diapers
you can get loves diapers at your local
Walmart okay
a little bit somebody's touching my bum
hey everybody what's going doc today hi
everybody
the Shh is brought to you by today's the
Shaytards vlog is brought to you by the
fine folks now we just started we just
started the fine folks that loves
diapers we are actually working on a
skit
that's your diapers these are your
diapers um whoa whoa let me check just
about so we are working on a hilarious I
need to talk now all right so we wanted
to let you guys know that next month say
loves diapers but yeah they're right
here no point do the ones in the box not
the one you're wearing honest question
Daxton do you like these diapers yeah
they're pretty good diapers hey guys
okay so loves Camila just copy me all
right guys get some loves diapers at
your local Walmart oh you can get love's
diapers at your local Walmart you can
get these love's diapers at your local
Walmart Walmart good one thing we love
about these diapers is that they are
super absorbent loves has challenged us
to a mommy daddy confessional where
we're gonna ask each other questions
about parenting about diapers about
changing diapers Boggess little guy
we're gonna do a daddy confessional
where Mama's gonna ask me questions and
then you guys can go to her Channel and
watch me ask her questions and then you
go to his channel to learn how to speak
Spanish okay are you ready to ask Debbie
some questions yeah okay I wanna ask
daddy what was it like changing your
very first diaper ever you know I
remember I remember I remember the very
first time I changed Gavin's diaper I
got a big beach towel wrapped around my
head like a scarf and I went to town and
lots of wipes that's my one daddy tip if
you're gonna ask me daddy confessional
questions you need a lot of wipes when
you're going in there to change those
diapers right the money by the way all
right next question what is one of your
tips for getting the children to sleep
Shea roughhouse here's honestly the best
tip that I have for putting little
babies like this to sleep he sees us
putting all of his brothers and sisters
to sleep so he knows like oh everybody's
going to bed so we usually like to put
him to bed the same time as the other
kids because if we try to hit point him
to bed like before he's ready and we're
like well let's put Dax into bed he
knows he's like what everybody's out
partying I want to stay up too and then
we put him to bed and he's all mad so
usually to try to pull him to get with
all of his brothers and sister he put
him to bed at the same time and then
I'll talk to us I'll say Jackson look at
me in the ice I mean the ice okay here's
what's gonna happen
look at me we're gonna go to sleep we're
gonna get a good night's rest and we're
gonna wake up in the morning and we're
gonna have
I'm gonna play in the snow and I'll tell
him on bow like through the whole like
what this is what we're doing or going
to bed and then when we wake up it's me
another beautiful day or enough
breakfast
and we're gonna change your diaper and
it's gonna be great yeah that's how
that's how I get him to go to sleep I
try to just level with him basically and
then I beg but I've noticed too that it
really tells our kids to have that
quality say I know I tease him about
roughhousing right before bed is that
he's rattling him up but I think it just
helps them to have that quality time
yeah yeah I think wrestling your kids
right before bed can actually help
because then they're like loosened up
and they're tired yeah they're like oh I
got to house next question what is your
strategy for changing a diaper on the
plane here do you just hope and pray
that they have those little pull down
tables and you just hope that it's not
like during takeoff or landing cuz you
won't be able to go to the bathroom
alright guys thanks for joining us on
this daddy confessional if you want to
go see the answers that Colette gave go
to her channel links below
Dax we have to ask mommy some questions
already making alright ladies and
gentlemen it is the holiday season you
know what that means
it's time to go to the places that want
to take some of your money what's that
oh you're watching entertainment as
you're right in the nice
Lavagirl yeah think about in the 1800's
Brock they didn't have Sharkboy and
Lavagirl they had to walk the plains
yeah they were to endure that cold
without a car to sit in no those guys
Hays we're gonna go on let's go they
trained him into shape okay buddy hello
Brock listen I love the boots I think
you look great in them and I love that
that's what you wear everywhere we go
least you got a hoodie on tonight let's
go young Jedi
Daxton hey down from there
Colette you got an escapee he's trying
to get over the wall are you looking in
my ear like you might hear what do you
find oh she hasn't cleaned up in wheat
I'll bite your nose off see look I'll
put it in my nose ring here's the onion
nose with my salad what am i all right
there better not trying to quit onions
me oh my Avia are you excited for this
moment she's doing spirit fingers look
for the wings you know it's a good
appetizer when you do spirit fingers she
has something to tell you as a little
secret about Brock hey Brock how old are
you Brock just ask me dad when I go up
am I gonna have my own cell phone
it's already happening Brock do you
realize you wore the same thing if you
big brother
how embarrassing look he goes I'm the
same shirt on
these Cowboys fans or what I think I
found what I want for Christmas I'm
inside of it right now it's an
inflatable portable hot tub what do you
think very comfortable Shawn in here I
don't know our Coletta's we we dropped
the kids off with canvas to-to for her
to babysit them while we come to the
shop eNOS has a digital thing right
there this might be nice put this in the
back of my truck check this out it comes
with a pump everything babe I know what
I want for Christmas dude you know we
got a pool in the summertime now we
can't get enough I table oh babe here's
the advertisement for the flight a lot
it's wintertime you deserve to put your
boots up you like it
can I get this for Christmas I know I
said in it I was very relaxed as well do
five hundred bucks for that redneck I
like it oh crap is that true Christmas
man we've gotten Christmas shopping al
Enza it's like influenza but you get it
when you start Christmas
laying here but we're listening the
Christmas's again the snow and we're
driving in this van to show it is
already been blanketed and we've got
like another three inches in the last
two hours we're still on the road go
lady there's drips there's a lot of
drips seems drastic those dress dress
David's like fresh tracks we should be
in a snowmobilers resume
these roads ain't the best to be out
driving on this is old Widowmaker school
I tell you if I was driving you just
camp out for the night
hello ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls how's it going this is a Christmas
present alert I repeat a Christmas
present alert I got you one it's under
the tree you're gonna see it on
Christmas morning wink we know I wish I
wish I could give every single one of
you a Christmas present ah maybe this is
my present to you a smile dang it you
can't see it that's a crappy Christmas
present this is the end slate it's only
audio can you hear my smile ready I'm
gonna give you a this is my Christmas
present to you guys an audio smile huh
have you ever been given an audio smile
before huh I didn't think so
so don't knock it here you go one two
three I was smiling could you fill it
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas no it is
December 22nd this is the real Christmas
present alert you have three days to get
Christmas presents if you haven't got
them you might be too late you are gonna
be like on the bargain bin you know
scavenging through with the rest of us
dudes who are like old dude the day
before
whoo whoops no there's no presents left
now smart guy
anyways Merry Christmas that does not
matter because as long as you have your
life and you're alive on the earth here
and you have a family or a loved one
then you can be happy I just want to say
condolences to my friend jesse wellens
his mom passed away recently if you
follow me on twitter you know that I was
tweeting about a friend whose mom had
been missing and she had come up missing
for like a week and then they had just
found her and I don't know all the
details and I'm not gonna ask them I
love my friend Jesse and I know he loved
his mom and I know we should all be
grateful for the relationships we have
so please don't be disappointed with a
Christmas present or maybe you feel
discouraged because you can't get the
Christmas presents for the people you
love and you're like man this your sucks
because I don't have enough money to buy
presents that doesn't matter I promise
you just a hug
and a handshake and look somebody in the
eye that you might really really really
miss someday when they're not here and
tell them you love them until a Merry
Christmas all right we love you guys on
that note we're out of here we'll see
you tomorrow Shaytards Christmas special
is right around the corner I hope you're
gonna like it I got some cool stuff
planned
