here's the ugly sweater contestants for
your consideration do not encourage
Tatas shaking my daughters on stage do
not listen to your aunt oh I think
that's a Christmas sweater to remember
right there all right we're headed to do
some Christmas shopping there's snow
outside Rock why does it look like your
dress to go to sports day in the middle
of June
it's shorts and a t-shirt and tennis
shoes ain't gonna cut it out in the
North forty bro and this Jackie guy oh
you got a stretchy guy well that ought
to keep you warm
Jackson's pissed like usual attitude
let's go so we're just doing some
Christmas shopping Brock so a little
decided you want to come over here and
look at step four gauge I think it's my
new stuff Oh Cooper okay I actually
don't know who you have yet watching
Brock listening to Brock go to the toy
section is always hilarious
okay Brock put it away put it away
put away honey what are you doing so you
guys know I just stand here tell she got
the camera 18 seconds so so annoying the
capture who'd say funny guys in here
like this basket Shay's in love with the
cats there you know she would do
anything for those cats and the dogs and
the cows which oh she got it
good job keV okay come on let's go check
out I put it in the basket
rookie rookie cat owners right here I'll
tell you what pop with Gandhi said of
the best be nice to cats weep excuse me
that's what you want to get for gage you
like that puppy hey it's just cushy and
soft he's cute well it's very hard
vlogging Christmas shopping because you
never know who's gonna watch so we don't
want to show oh we're getting the Stuart
this is it's a candle holder did you
lick that did you look that one looking
for you guys ago
no this grows yeah yeah that's gross now
we're gonna get ready to film some
shayloss videos with the family you
ready
we're gonna go exercise again you an
exercise yoga gonna be fun i knows you
know what i've done yoga like a really
long time I haven't done yoga in a
really long time have you when was your
last yoga class
Jackson Whittemore me here it's really
exploring this camel lady yeah but you
got to get some good get some good pants
on first like some black pants get a
blacks and black shorts or some grey
shorts that'll match with any shirt you
put on you know you got a match
least a little all right we're getting
ready to shoot Oh looks like this guy's
already got his own workout we're
shooting Shayla you guys we're doing
daily shayloss videos in January you can
follow along with us every day doing
workouts with the Shaytards every
January 2016 configure years it could
work out with us we're doing a yoga date
oh nice
okay show us your backbend all right all
right wall guys I go to see this my
favor
now listen you can also do with the
two-year-old there's not always going to
be a perfect environment
yo yo Bronx Christmas Merry Christmas
what do you want for christmas here one
front leg
that's not no come on that's rude
seriously rude poor guy anyways here we
are with handsome Gavin Butler on scene
where we going what we doing nope okay
to our family Christmas party that we go
to every year do we like it yeah well of
course we do cuz grandma throws the best
Christmas party ever we might be playing
some dodgeball I hear at this Christmas
party I'll let you see we do he's got
his Jordans on he's ready to dunk from
the free throw line with the odd what
this was in my - Gavin I love you but
this but that's nice it's like a pre
Christmas present yeah that's so it's
our family neither you had family night
well listen
merry Christmas to you you probably
going to lots of holiday Christmas
parties don't drink the eggnog you guys
I think we might need to have a
Christmas intervention apparently we
have three Christmas trees this year
three Gavin why do we have three
Christmas trees
really likes Christmas sir what why
because we ready why don't you take it
out of the car take the dip out to the
car yeah oh I said take the dip out of
the car I'm like we're taking it to the
party she spent all that time making it
babe
what'd you call us you made a delicious
dip thank you
excited to get on our meg report I think
I'll be good it's familial issues holy
all right who's present me Lynette I
almost forgot so oh crap that reminds me
I have a present for her - yes
we're singing so hopefully phantom will
come come on you're not too cool yet
dude
Brock's dozing oh my goodness so cute
are you excited
highbrow got it I'm videoing he's so hot
he's like
did you ask him for what I think you
asked him for what you asking for a
treasure chuckle what do you what did it
give you today not cool let's see it oh
nice - Jen we got it
I bet you I know what he has Santa for a
Power Ranger that's all he ever wants
okay let's see what you got oh what's
that a Spider Man
all right Gavin it's not to a cool sound
of laughs you are so cool dude what's he
asking for you want a really cute
girlfriend
Gavin what you asked for
you did what color is it it's great at
night I will missed it yeah
my
Emmy what did you have Santa for a
Barbie
oh wait a Barbie what a Barbie Oh Barbie
cow
oh there's Winston kid the cute boy
maybe what did you ask him for I just
landed back my quarters and he's like
all right oh nice
oh you like those boys
all right we're having an ugly sweater
contest now
and I miss the vlogging moment when
everybody was dancing on stage here's
the ugly sweater contestants for your
consideration do not encourage Tatas
shaking my daughter's onstage Aviat Emmy
do not listen to your aunt
keep your Tatas unshaken cheese yeah oh
oh wait I think that's a Christmas
sweater to remember right there are poor
children Merry Christmas everybody from
a large naked bearded belly man
oh snap a second and he is brutal he's
going to show no mercy over here sabia
she's still in I really am NOT standing
in a great place if I don't want to get
hit
get out again the ballers are still in
Oh
Oh
Oh Jack searing playing dodgeball you
better be tough you better throw a ball
or something oh gosh
Oh
not his lucky day oh oh
good job honey
she wins just because you saved the
child
did you guys check on the wall game here
oh I'm in trouble I've missed two shots
to change names I'm Zeebo okay
I sure did
hi guys so I got this headband reviewer
and I'm just saying I guess you didn't
see it in the news I am in a blog is
that
that's our friend Gracie say hi I look
really bad and is it fair baby over
there and brony hi guys yes Sam is right
there and let's go see what my mom and
dad are doing I look at her Christmas
better oh hi dad I'm filming
give me that cut cut all that footage
out ed it up
marry me a thousand times I wanna know
your mind
mistletoe
mommy till the end of time I wanna hang
your stocking next to mine when were 99
