it's beginning to look good luck Chris
sing it girl my buddy do ba Baba
get up buck-buck sleeping baby it's
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
boys
babies and gallons and Emmys take your
eyes balls over here that way hey one
take Sunday everybody what's going on
shake Carl Butler and the Shaytards here
everybody we are headed where we goin
Gavin
that is true family Christmas party in
Utah is happening mom is driving it's
the it's the Christmas party that gets
planned in like January it gets planned
December 26 yeah of the previous year by
our grandma who is very excited about
this Christmas party so we are headed
there in fact Gavin and I were slated to
be on a TV show this morning in
Australia but we didn't go because we're
doing this we got to go to Grandma's
party um and did you guys see these
mountains did anybody maybe just take
note of these clouds Oh could you just
just let's just have a 20 second
appreciate the world you live on time
out should we my goodness what a blessed
land we live in glory glory hallelujah
so we're driving and this is a one two
would take Sunday
you guys remember these can we do one
take Sunday rearview mirror style rock
can you tell me what's one thing that
you're excited to get for Christmas
you gotta talk cloud I hope Santa has
one of those coming what do you want at
me
Mary Ellen huh
that's the name of the new American Girl
doll I didn't know they had names Mary
Ellen Larkin did she get a full ride
scholarship to Princeton yes you do
because remember you got him a present
last night oh yeah you did huh remember
we're at that store and you got him a
present last night we're at the store
shopping and Brock saw a thing that he
wanted for Christmas and he's like dad
can I have this for Christmas and I was
like yeah but I'm like I'm not gonna
come back and get it for him so Mike why
don't you just buy it right now I told
Brock I said you have to act surprised
Christmas morning okay he promised me
and he's like okay so he got
it's a shaving kit there's new tattoos
in there it's a hygiene kit it's like a
spider-man hygiene shaving kit with a
fake razor and like fake shaving lotions
you take that brush and you use it to
wipe the shaving lotion on your face to
shave that's what the brushes work
anyways brought got two of them and then
he wrapped them both today and on one of
them Amy helped him I should say hey
maybe as asleep I forgot to tell that
people like were sabia maybe anyway he's
Brock wrapped both the presents for him
and accent and put him under the tree
like a good boy
oh you did let me help I forgot to say
that credit where credit is due
Emmy Lucas is a good helper one more
time look at this you live on the earth
you're alive on it right now one
fantastic speaking of being alive on the
earth I hope I am for a while now um we
were just driving and we saw this like
older couple pass us with a ski rack and
it looked like they had probably just
been coming from like Jackson Hole or
something they looked like not too old
like maybe 55 60 retired couple no kids
and I told Colet I said when we get old
and all of our kids are out of the house
promise me that we'll go on fancy ski
trips a lot of exercise
you don't want to have that osteoporotic
yeah don't wanna be bad don't want to
give that osteoporosis that's what looks
work to when all of our kids leave I
can't wait I'm just kidding I want to
spend time with your mom and I know but
you're gonna have to you're gonna be off
with your prince charming I want to be
with my princess no offense bro I love
you yeah trust me you're gonna grow up
and move on you're gonna leave me and
your mom to grow old and die together so
we have to keep our relationship strong
because you're gonna find some handsome
stud muffin that's gonna sweep you off
your feet and take you on to never-never
land
and then me an old mom or just stuck at
home with nothing to do but go skiing
huh yeah we're gonna go to our never
Neverland indeed well what are you guys
doing for Christmas you guys getting
ready I got my Christmas sweater hat on
I hope it's a big hit at the party how
many Christmas parties have you gone to
this year don't you feel like some years
you go to like your work Christmas party
your boyfriend's Christmas party your
family Christmas party me and my
boyfriend go to like six Christmas
parties I'm just saying for instance I
went to your Christmas party when you
were my girlfriend at the restaurant you
work
I think I still have the gift that I got
it's a Santa Claus glow
that one that we that you always have
that we had forever I kind of has a
light bulb in his genitalia do you guys
know what I'm talking about
like bring down a little bit so that the
only light that like slowly that is that
you got that Santa that's been a lot of
the vlogs
that's been in a lot of the Shaytards
right guys you know Brock are you tired
no ok good quit yawning and then let's
ask the Alvin Butler what he's doing in
the back which one the very first one
did you're just getting into Harry
Potter so I thought you'd read them
before so you have read the whole series
once you didn't go through the whole
series
thanks for not lying to us dude we
appreciate it
but you're gonna this time you think all
right well he's a reader you know him
his name's Gavin the reader Butler
learning a lot of money there are
actually characters that were not
oh really I've never put too much time
into the reading the Harry Potter's I
should I guess guess I'm just busy
making babies here I just want to vlog
this point in the road because we are
now at the top of the pass
and as we come over the top here it's
gonna open up to a reservoir that has
probably frozen over but a lot of people
will do ice fishing on this reservoir
and my sister Carly almost drowned in
this reservoir once but we had a black
lab named skier that swam out and saved
her I know that story about scale yeah
what yeah one time my dad growing up he
had a really good pheasant dog black lab
named Skeeter and we went to this
he's called Devils reservoir over here
and there's like this spillway where you
can like slide down the thing and like
go into the river and she was probably
like 12 11 12 young lass Harley Stiles
my sister and she went down into it and
couldn't get out and was like and we had
a dog that Skeeter dog could swim like
the dickens boy that was black labs they
loved the water he swam out to her and
she literally like grabbed onto the back
of his collar and he swept them back to
shore and she like got back on the shore
so dogs Mansmann did you ever meet
Skeeter oh that's right
you never met Skeeter how many dogs have
you had in your life
you guys knew Malachi - which two dogs
what are their names what about Malik I
remember Malachi I've had how many dogs
have you had a year life that we were
liking your dog dogs we had Lacey she
was our dog dog
maybe three that was one thing when we
first got married that was like weird as
that was the very first time in my life
that I didn't have a dog cuz growing up
we always had dogs so when we first got
married I'm like we need to get a dog
there's something not right you got a
dog yeah I've had a dog I've always had
dogs anyways okay here we are
there's the reservoir there's the
gorgeous landscape here's the one take
sunday merry Christmas to all and to all
a good night we hope you guys have a
happy holiday season I'm talking to you
like I'm not gonna see tomorrow we'll
see you guys tomorrow
and then the shade tarts Christmas
special is on the way very soon it's
gonna be long and entertaining I hope
man it's a lot of pressure it's how many
days is it really what is the date today
it is the 20th Wow
have you done your Christmas shopping I
need to do more
all right love you guys happy holidays
one take Sunday from the Shaytards from
the road she's soon singing off them say
oh holy night
stars are brightly shown
it is of our dear
