shame and Katie this son jardim princess
garden may be tardy
really
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way
hey guys what's going on it's kind of
hard to look cool when your helmet is
squishing your fat face oh this man is
immortal I'm not being creepy a little
bit saved in time you know what I mean
like I go back in years from now I don't
have a beard I need a pump a little more
testosterone into this beard if know
what I'm saying so smooth I get back on
my electric skateboard now here we go
the hotness and hairspray clan yeah yeah
have fun what are you gonna have another
baby
oh I have a nice that's dangerous let's
put a knife down I'm gonna be thinking
about how I can get cheetah last you
guys me a cheetah collectors you're
talking about you look like
over the ground then Arno fanned on
their heads and everywhere else died so
what I was going to say I don't remember
anymore I'm done yeah I genuinely love
you guys I want you to know that jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh
you just pooped a skateboard bra Oh Pro
can you like stand yourself for two
seconds you ready dude
look at him warming up he's getting
ready some cards got that big barrel
chest like his daddy son hard you got
him
dude you're strong are you ready get it
right you're a good brother Gavin we all
know you're the best brother so we don't
need to tell crappy stories about how
you're such a good brother all right we
get big builders he's helping me watch
the baby so I can cook you can do
anything you want to if you practice
hard right huh yeah you believe that
it's true oh what fun it is to ride in a
one-horse open sleigh dance for sir
Wow that's a good dancing man
I like your votes man those are very
stylish weeds you princess tart why'd
you take your shoes off they go in the
bins all right go get yourself a bin
where's your sister you're so cute and
your camera's we send these out practice
her can you find 30,000 of these can you
do that for us
christmas time is here we never pick
family
baby tardust going to buy her own chips
I gave her five dollars and she's gonna
go buy a bag of chips you want those you
sure those ones you want do something
cute hurry those ones you want for sure
okay go put them up on the counter Emmy
you know you have snow clothes at me I'm
trying to be the hardest level in the
world of candy crush I think you've
already beat back we are the candy Queen
she got her chips oh you're not crying
yet hold on let me get your friend do
you like it
is a yummy baby card will you take the
DVD out it's time to turn it off and go
to bed okay
yep she said no gifts under poor little
guy sleepy oh your TV how cute I mean
you're gonna be bratty
do you remember what holiday is coming
up yeah
what is it hot decision yes are you
wearing shoes you got any seeds on uh oh
you're gonna have to take those off you
can take those up to come through
security young man one
Oh alarm so that spray from the
Shaytards hanging out with my body's mom
dad's on door it start baby card I'm the
newest one of the bunch of cars of the
rookie in the crowd is that one there
for me dad wait
oh you're yawning that's a good young
this used to be rocked hurts shirt fits
him well everyone's ink was small and I
was like rock card was bigger than Zeke
and then Zeke was gonna get bigger than
a rock card get Zeke back there see cute
little back there you'll miss your daddy
you miss your daddy oh I love it Joe
Clemens rock card will get bigger than
Zeke again right now we're at the stage
where Zeke's bigger than Rock Co all
right you guys see you tomorrow love you
love you guys I'll see you next time I
see you tomorrow
oh my hands on the head oh look another
tie thank you so much dear all add it to
the pile I get one every year
Oh jingle bells jingle bells jingle all
the way
oh what fun it is to ride in a one-horse
open sleigh jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a one horse open sleigh so you
don't like your gift well where the heck
is mine
oh I remember now you forget it every
time oh don't you worry dear
I got you one this year it's the perfect
present for shoving up your ears
Oh jingle bells jingle bells jingle all
the way oh what fun it is to ride in a
one-horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride one
it's snowing outside and I've got a cold
my voice is really rusty but some ladies
find it sexy yeah yeah sorry
oh we're headed right now to go to snow
shovel here we go let's do it okay so
we're here at the local hardware store
to purchase a snow removal tool I'm half
tempted to buy a snow blower here's the
first model to Touro 379 bucks think how
many hamburgers I could buy for that I
think he said aisle 8
all right we're gonna go down aisle 8 he
said they're running out of snow shovels
it looks like there's some other
customers down here searching ooh I like
this one already it's like a
love-at-first-sight snow shovel that's a
good a good base for shoveling the snow
I like the handle on the end and it
seems light
how many snow shovels did you have here
yet a $5 snow shovel just gone
you had like eight different types of
snow shovels and you're left with this
snow shovel behold this let me just put
that on me I go the other way like that
I don't know what do you think is there
any refunds on these I don't like it
well if you don't like it
can't can't refund it if there's a
damage to it we can refund it I'm like
once no I'm just like one snow scoop I'm
not sure if it if it doesn't have a
damage than possibly okay I might test
it's 10 bucks 10 I'll take it
