you have a bucket Larry Larry look
despite me you gotta commit if you're
gonna do a somersault you got to commit
dude okay this is why we have this room
so that we can watch Shay dance got
another few inches last night it's snowy
how'd you sleep you did good morning
good morning good morning
yeah about what once upon a time wait
whole entire family's at the beach then
we're playing freeze right leg and then
we're about to leave sandcastles right I
had a little cup mm-hmm and my glass
Santa Club did she put it on my cup okay
I couldn't find it you shaking around
Aidan turns into slush what a dream ass
and slushy you ate ass and slushy yeah
was it pina colada or black cherry
cheese just cheese oh I love cherry okay
call no is ass and I see silly if it
turned into a slushie
yeah but the same properties of the
universe still exists and is never like
ice Noah dreams went cold in Kashi
it's true I guess in dreams I gotta go
feed though the cows it's cold it's time
to feed the cows get in here
Open Sesame all right time to do more
chores here's some hey here's some oats
here's a bucket here's some gloves
here's my hand hey weatherman Dan how
much snow did we get we got this much
snow that's how much we got weatherman
Dan that's a lot of snow what I called
for
last night yeah your forecast was very
accurate here let's just jump in and see
Jeepers Creepers here Dan here
weatherman Dan vlog me Keeley's and
gentlemen here we are out here in the
North 40 it's pretty deep precipitation
what happens here as the temperature
falls below freezing that's a zero
centigrade if you will the water in the
air then freezes into molecular crystal
structures which are pretty unique
actually if you didn't know every
snowflake is an individual just like you
as a person so I where's my other glove
I better go get it
what all right cut the camp bringing a
bucket like a good boy dance thing I
dare you to eat a big handful of those
you did it do it really I bet you they
wouldn't be too gross here put some of
my mouth it's pretty much just the most
moldy is corn the penny crop that they
don't want to feed people
I get sick from that I hate the cows
oats look at me and Dave up there he's
pissed he's like sure that was my point
and also he gets is a bucket of oats hey
we need to get like a little Hayes
snowmobile hanhan cart Oh so peel both
ways too
here Larry when it's getting in the top
of my booth hey souffle Oh
my boys yeah I could ride one of them
this morning yeah for sure you can you
can if you can think it you can do it
look again hold on you guys need more
Hey dang it
hmm good God
you gotta keep away from the Earth's you
ever you Larry Larry looks like me
here hold these all right oh yeah
their favorite part I mean who doesn't
love dessert the boys here's my boys I
know it's cold out here
what you got coats on big thick coats on
looks like they're wearing a hey belt
you could warm him up
one of these days I'm gonna ride one of
them okay dachshund I don't like no no
no no no no not on the back not on the
back that's too high can you come down
here come down here yeah right there
right there tucks and he's seriously a
rebel hey hey jump good job
I watched him from the kitchen bring in
these pillows one by one and make a pile
for himself sleepy jumbo jacks did not
the taught he did jump off the top but
I'm trying not to encourage it
hey watch nice doing it I want to see
you jump what are you fixing it hold on
yes to fix the pillows hold on hold on
wait let him jump he's gonna fix the
pillows for himself and then he's gonna
jump okay
no no Brooke he just fixed the pillows
for himself so when you get up you got
the pillows again for him see you look
fix it pillows okay now let Daxton go
well I think he likes it good job dude
okay let's see it back wow that was
pretty sweet yeah you don't want to hit
your head I love watching these guys
play I used to do that as a kid too only
we would go to like the top of the stand
we would do it on the stairs and we were
just keep getting higher and higher
don't give him the idea they don't need
to know kid accent let's see it again
whoa you gotta commit if you're gonna do
a somersault you got to commit dude okay
let's do it let's see it whoa okay do it
again let's see oh we gotta fix em oh I
gotta fix the pillow jumpy yeah Wow oh
it's curry night I love curry night
check this out this is the wrote a
building party
you're the roti rollers we need to come
up with a cool name look at the Cobra
Kai Cobra Kai roti rollers fight you and
we will your roti and we'll sleep your
leg so watch out for us today the Cobra
Kai roti ding hey Amy I need you to have
um J party playing soccer oh I already
crashed
yeah running she's running and she's
like this and she fell and we like ha ha
ha coming we know you Hey
okay guys hey howdy dear please we're
just uh we're just high work I like you
I don't know if it's a good one yes I
most people these days call it football
yeah football but you hey what y'all
ready to boom the camera frame back
please okay I'm going hi guys
I don't we know K this is why we have
this room so that we can watch che dance
soccer okay I'm on this team by the way
but they're gonna have to fend without
me for a minute
so I can film it hey you're gonna way
too easy to go left
thank you sure you know they have like
an overlap rocking it no no like that
struck out a good seal dude Oh
oh goodness gracious
let's not put any holes in the wall yeah
good idea good having guys come and go
okay I need to go play I'm gonna put the
camera right here I got him the top of
me on it this is the boy this is their
goal enough Jackson's
all right avi just scored it's one to
one oh nice D for Daxton it's so hard
being a two-year-old get it nice say
babe
pastor Brock kid right turn around if
you would hit it out of any good move
nice nice DS get in the goal oh yeah
ah that counts that counts even though
he used his hands a little bit
well Oh looks like the game's over
haven't we won what is it goal there was
a really tough game no I just I thought
you killed my fault like misty you're so
cute that's fun let's play it again
sometime after we sleep today bedtime
see bedtime time I'll tell you what
right now there is little to nothing
better than basement barefoot soccer you
know I'm saying get some boxes set up
some shoes as some makeshift goals get a
ball and use those walls to reflect yome
saying don't put holes in the sheetrock
kids but you can ricocheted off the wall
if you do no out-of-bounds rules and you
use like the walls as in bounds do not
underestimate the ricochet off the wall
into the goal I'm just saying little
tips and tricks for basement barefoot
soccer for you guys alright love you
thanks for watching the Shaytards vlogs
hey hit that thumbs up button you see it
right there you just gotta click on it
with your mouse click on it alway go
ahead click it click see what happens
have you ever clicked on one of those be
honest how often maybe like you know
Shay I reserve my thumbs up for only
really really good videos well this was
a really good video maybe you could just
give it a half thumbs up try to just
like barely tap on it see if it'll do a
half thumbs up I think it will try it
thanks for watching if you want to see
what the Shaytards been doing every
single day for the last 7 years you can
do it click click click this is a
clickable screen that means if you are
not on a mobile device you're on a
computer you can click right on the
screen or all of the links for those 7
years will be in the video description
below you just got a click on that show
more and it will open up to information
you know how to insulate works ok let me
guys gotta go bye
