whatever you ready
introduction does fat dad have to mean
fat kid
as I like to scream sometimes okay so
just keep keep it down in your
headphones hi this is Shay and Gavin
Butler we are the authors and narrators
of the audio book fat dad fat kid here
is an excerpt from the audio book that
we hope you'll enjoy
day four I love melons but I love my
wife more my local store has hardly any
produce people write to me if I want to
buy fresh fruit and vegetables I have to
drive to the next town ten miles away
just that incremental change is going to
jumpstart your progress and give you
some real momentum
I was really proud of you a lot of
people started a similar sugar fast
because of you one of the biggest
barriers to happiness into progress and
leading a healthy lifestyle is
procrastination it's always easier to do
something hard the next day or tomorrow
or in five minutes if a nine-year-old
boy can do it then why can't I do it as
an adult that's what we need more of in
our society
sweat sweat and I get invited to push to
the finish
gotcha really
