I thought you were on a drift look at
rift uh what you're standing in right
now merry Christmas to all dear in
Venice Beach well we don't need nothing
uh that's not what I meant does hey we
woke up to a special surprise this
morning check it out
we might have a white Christmas after
all it has been blizzarding up here
we've got at least I don't know three
four inches maybe more do you like this
no Daxton yeah you like the snow yeah
yeah it's cool huh that's very cool
I called the pool deep didn't like this
morning I opened the door let Zeke out
and he looked outside like what the no
I'm not going outside so he didn't go
outside he decided to stay and so I
wonder how long he's gonna hold it till
he actually has to go outside but yeah
it's fun I love it okay I have been
summoned to a concert okay Brock absent
excellent drum work he's trying to
direct Denniston can you play the piano
oh it was working but then doctor
decided he wanted to be just like brah
and play the drums she wants to be just
like you brah you're doing that
welcome to having a little brother you
want to do the piano you play the piano
you show me your piano skills yeah okay
show me your piano oh look he traded you
you want to play the drums he's such a
good brother okay
ready for the concert Oh
beautiful beautiful not sure that's how
you play the drums but yeah it's hard
being a teacher huh your students don't
always want to listen checking in
checking in checking in okay hello hello
hello okay I'm so excited
meetings are done we're here in Los
Angeles check it out there it is palm
trees there it is beach sunset Venice
pier sunny Southern California and we're
about to do some technology traveling
non-electric skateboards tech tech
technology traveling on Electric
skateboards with shakin KC Butler
they're brothers they're brothers with
the same mother let's see if he can do
this there he goes there he goes
electricity stored within a battery
mounted atop a piece of wood with four
wheels on it is going to enable us to
ride into the sunset while listening to
music in our headphones with digitally
stored files it is a great time to be
alive on the earth brothers and sisters
all right all my heck my battery's about
to die
Oh I'll record as long as I can but
battery's about tonight lunch where's
Derek over here doing business deals
business right here but there's Casey
doing business deals battery and the van
was dead we had to go buy a jump starter
at the Auto Zone to charge the battery
and look babe the berms are up you guys
remember we used to live here we go
sledding down these big piles of sand
over here here he comes
Casey Levere looking handsome as ever
stop it that's a good
good sign big wheels dude this is so
exciting
alright here we go here we go oh no oh
no it's a Derek Miller on a competing
board dude
oh my hack this is so much fun these are
pretty powerful I'd say I'm going about
ten miles twelve miles an hour I could
not run this fast if I sprinted as fast
as my little chubby legs you take me
lead into an air air block me luck you
know you're entrusting me to work your
camera and this remote at the same time
right he's got his headphones out I
don't think he can hear me
go on the other way hey beat it - Shay
look at that carving figure eight figure
eight better get ready for the biggie
that's right alright you guys the kids
are home from school I'm so glad you
guys made it home okay because it is
coming down it has been dumping on us
all day and it's really exciting but at
the same time it's really a lot of
traffic it's really really bad when
things are like this pretty small rex
ice check that out Emme you know you
have snow clothes at me that is totally
up to your butt you little bum snow girl
I can't get out yeah well I guess you're
stuck I love you yeah it's been nice
knowing ya look you guys need to get
your snow clothes on and party cuz this
is the boy I told Shay Idaho was not
okay with him reading so it decided to
don't want to alert him back because it
knew that if it snows enough
it's gonna come back because he's got a
ski hey I think you're gonna get to see
this here he thinks oh my goodness hey
wait whoa uh uh mm-hmm girlfriend you
take them shoes off I am staying right
here then Hey look at this ha ha ha it's
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
Oh the ground then our nofe and on their
heads and everywhere else right to call
us to not break my noggin open because
these can get going pretty fast if you
catch like a pizza sand or a crack all
sudden you just eat it going 12 miles an
hour a little feet are ready to catch
your body you might break an elbow or
something
spend the minute since I stepped up I
don't with my atoms that began to Uncle
Fester beside myself when I see my
reflection we all seven minutes from
PEPFAR seven deadly sins just to get my
bread that font MJ tippy-toes I ain't
gettin stepped on lil sis see my life s
direction okay the body of reflect on
go-go-gadget chest um nothing in Vesta
got my best on ain't taking no just come
on Sunday best on the floor gets lepton
no more gets a start
we only had two electric skateboard so
we have to take turn and I'm letting
written hit the blu-ray trust kickback
like Van Damme tell Uncle Sam to keep my
race him he's my man damn awkward again
I'm all good yeah dance with my team is
it steps on NATO can you factor sucks on
York where I am and I'm mark Hayes all
my Venom's at the Opera you know the
world gotcha now you ever you are my
motto don't believe me workshop
thank you I feel your kid sorry I didn't
know that's what yes I did
I didn't know stop that I got it the
whole time
well I wake up and watch my espresso
settle your laws almost express myself
better know that I know all right check
it in check it in man
these electric cords are so much fun at
first you get on it and you think holy
crap it goes too fast this is scary but
then after you're on it for like 20
minutes and you get like adjusted to the
speed you want it to just like fly here
in Venice Beach my maken again I'm on
foot yeah dance with my demons and steps
on NATO can you factor sucks on yo
slippies my a man a mockolate now easily
gives man a mop
it's not my fandoms India isn't it
beautiful out my photograph I know it
ever looks the same huh
let's mean you witness together right
now that we both saw and it was amazing
tell these guys what's your name when
you patty listen Shay and patty both
testify this is one of the most pious to
normal human needs never seen good to
meet you good to witness this sunset
with you all right I'm gonna get back on
my electric skateboard now here we go
yeah dance with my dimension step
tornado can you face a cross on your
swimmies my amanda marcotte can't man a
marker which I may get ridiculous at all
on this bike I'm pretty yellow bike
pretty yellow egg the Gran Fondo on this
what if you reach cruisers 100 miles my
peers are cool that's not brought my
headphones
oh they keep my ears work and put music
in my brain how nice
so my Venom's in the upgra you know the
world gotcha
oh man I have the whole pier to myself -
nobody's down here this is a magical
evening indeed okay so now just so we
can pay for dinner tonight
say brought to you by tricks and clothes
brought to you by tricks and clothing
seriously all right that's a wrap on the
beach Derek every time I had a great
time dude look at look at it man it's I
talk to me
Patti me and Patti both witness this
night is one of the most magical nights
would you agree to ahead mode take it
that's what about clash tag fail back on
my ears thing all my ears get it right
upside down hasta twist help me I got it
it's back we're all right oh there we go
we got right well the girls are standing
on a snowdrift and they're super proud
of themselves good job
hi now just fall in the snow we're
touching the glass oh it's a mom thing I
guess we got to go see why why would I
do that
what oh you're not on a dress I thought
you were on a drift look at drift uh
what you're standing in right now
cool I'm called I'm going back inside
good luck yeah that's a great idea
they're so smart
I love you so nice knowing ya stomp your
feet off take your shoes off all of the
things time see you're gonna go out
there you want to go out there mmm it's
like not a chance not a chance
all right well me and the boys are
having a picnic on the floor I don't
know why it just seemed fun
we decided on the floor so that's what
we're doing you gotta share got to give
him a bite ah that's nice
you're a nice brother good job we're
eating a hearty soup because we're
snowed in or me Merry Christmas to all
we just got the word that Kaylee got
stuck on the road
I feel Carl is going to get her out and
she would be home soon it's treacherous
out there I'm telling you guys it is
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
what it's really wonderful the winter
wonderland house this is a white steeple
okay this painting has commenced we're
having my fhe which in Mormon terms is
family home evening time for fhe the
girls have actually prepared a lesson
for today so I'm excited to see how this
will go
yeah excited to see what they have in
store for us
hey I don't think soccer is part of it
today so sit and I guess I'm leading us
in a song okay we're gonna have a swamp
a Collette Butler wait I'm singing I'm
performing it I'm leading the family in
the left-handed because I'm gonna
hold you guys in you there are free sit
down yeah man you're lucky skew everyone
so he went willingly to get some money
good job yeah forgot to tea we're going
to be making bracelets um out of these
rubber bands we will teach you how if
you don't know how they're pretty simple
and easy you are going to draw someone
from the ticket and whoever you draw
you're going to give it to them so first
rock thought to come up and draw out of
the bowl so drive okay it has to be
secret so nobody will know don't tell
anyone and anyone who you got your
tongue let show yourself
Avia just give a good lesson will you
tell us because I forgot to turn the
camera or do you explain if you get new
play I'm doing it okay so this is always
because I'm first first and when I stop
working
what I do is
pick a name from a cup and retired and
who I get looking to make a bracelet
Sunday
do you know who you're making a bracelet
for sure you can't tell me I know I see
and if you would keep it a secret
Jackson are you jealous cuz you're not
mad yes I'm sorry oh it's my turn I'm
going to show the camera hey I'm making
a bracelet somebody I'll make you a
bracelet too if you put wine and about
your life why don't we n-no no it's
gonna be so cool okay so believe it or
not guys I've never made one of these
it's hard
my fingers are hurting so I'm gonna try
it what emmys doing I make a fishtail
with pencils she's gonna teach me cuz I
don't know what I'm doing you guys are
so smart Jackson are you making one are
you just smashing cookies on the table
wicked oh if I come to put one on this
finger when I did Just My Size
check it out I know how to do it now
thanks to my fabulous children for
teaching me because our fabulous thank
you you guys are kind of fabulous - no
worries liesje Matthew procs a little
confused about what to do with these
that's okay I think that'll be a nice
gift anyway
all right honey we love you we wish you
were here we hope that you travel family
and here's a kiss goodnight daddy
love you daddy oh yeah
girls and I need you so much you're like
too late walk to California oh snap
well ah wake up you watch my espresso
settle allows almost express myself
better I know I know that I know because
one on the mounds worth a thousand and
the bullpen one of your hands is worth
two in the bushes up Creek no anger but
one in the chamber
you better spread a messenger to shoot
the peace Beach Miami and a marker now
easily get a market they had danced with
my teammates and stepped on NATO can you
fan out a cyclops on your flip ease my
Amanda märklin get a mop
ain't got my venoms in the upper you
know the world gotcha
