you know the hard thing about doing
daily vlogs cuz you have to do it every
day babe what a great year it was for us
what do you want I said you guys look
handsome so handsome you all look look
how that is a family we're all sitting
here as a family on the couch on a
Saturday night future you guys will live
in man how crazy are you ready
really
Oh Holy Night the stars are brightly
shine
good morning Saturday I don't know super
duper precious yeah super don't be too
cold for school you know what too cool
for school it's like looking to do that
that's stupid
I'm too cool to do that I'm not dumb I'm
sorry truth big mac dream that's never
happened before has that ever happened
before
seriously it's starting to get really
old and you're obnoxious and I hate your
guts
so festive here I just love all the
Christmas decorations it's so cool
that's not a snow angel do a snow angel
go be mom hold on baby Dart I think that
I might have some Christmas stickers we
draw a beard on her it's a good thing
that you're just a really good editor so
you can edit out all those stupid things
I say service is fast here what are you
doing your coloring what are you three
years old let's see you're drunk long
beach art looks hot and we all know that
if mommy cards looking hot it doesn't
matter what you're doing I didn't but my
taste in there anytime your solo
this hot chick it's your first day of
the rest of your life make it the best
you can come on snow angels insane
you almost hit Jesus you won't think any
Christmas present son's heart I'm coming
after you what's your favorite sad dude
this one house like it don't touch don't
hurt yourself
what to do with those UI keepers dummy
in your tummy
you're pretty pretty princess
your father is on her way to make that
yeah Emma what are you so excited about
play why are you so excited about
brilliant Pauline brought see what
dancer in the world
baby card you want to go in there you're
too small or too little girl
they retard what are you doing are you
doing she just showed everything now we
know oh you're so adorable very tired
Merry Christmas
you don't whine in scream anymore do you
wait both cars over here ruining our
furniture nobody's gonna see you have to
reverse you have to learn how to drive
what if you were really in a grill car
and you got in the situation we have a
Yuletide baby what are you wearing dude
that's a weird thing to be wearing I
guess it is the holiday season hi okay
why do you look so mad did you see your
face why do you look so angry right
there oh are you mad you don't want to
be part of the pictures do you remember
why you don't remember oh you don't want
to clean your own no K maybe you
shouldn't let I can play with the glue
though that's probably not a good idea
just relax look see does that hurt I
mean wait look I got it he's an app star
3000 he takes naps 3000 hours a day
super Brock did he send a text
he's sending a text to nobody turtle go
away hey Stacy you're gonna come over oh
crap I getting another call oh crap it's
Diane
you're gonna help now you were helping
before look at him in his Grinch sweater
very cute do you like that milkshake
what colors that one no try again green
that's right
cool story bro yeah come story dude I
guess the regulars get to do whatever
they want here Oh something's going on
I'm getting out of here oh did you have
no idea your daddy's old you guys are so
obnoxious I am laying on your pillow I
love you you can come and eat too hungry
and I hope my fleas are making a
shantytown in this shanty towns alright
that's a wrap
we'll see you guys tomorrow okay so
that's it that's all you get today
yesterday's video was great they should
go watch that one 6teen no 24 we'll talk
more about it later I love you guys I
thought there was extended holiday hours
it is the night of our dear saviours
long lay the world in sin
till he appeared and the soul felt it's
worth
a thrill of hope the weary world
rejoices for y'all
a new and glorious morn
on your knees okay
the angel voices OH
diva
when Christ was born
Oh No
Oh 95
by the
our faiths are really beaming with
glowing hearts by his crane
waster
so
by light on the star sweetly believe me
nations rise join the triumph of the
skies all right
we're gonna see if we can stick a bullet
to that window ready he's ready oh nice
well thundered has lost two bullets on
the window that is really high up in the
air so it might be hard to yeah okay so
here we are this is a shade tarred
rebellion eight vlog to my commitment to
you is before I walk into the store I
commit to you right now before I even
walk into the building is to keep this
flip cam fully extended on my arm which
looks really weird if you guys have
never seen a grown man walking through a
Walgreens with a flip cam extended on
his left arm it looks normal to you
because like oh he's just vlogging but
it looks really weird to walk through a
public place with a camera at the end of
my arm we go I did not steal anything
I have just entered the store I have not
stolen anything
hi I didn't steal anything
