hello guys so there's that and I'm
driving like a safe adult so we're on
our way to make a video
it's a Christmas video you guys remember
last year we did that Nativity video
well this is a different type of video
but it's still for Christmas and Gavin
and AV are coming with yes we have a 9
a.m. call time at the studio that we
cannot be late for or Peter Hollens will
punch us right in our jugular veins he's
like that for some JK so I am heading to
the studio to start recording I'm
currently waiting on a railroad might be
a bit late it's gonna be awesome
then I could work with amazing youtubers
like Shaytards to the Albert Gardner
sisters I am on my way to the recording
session with a group of youtubers and
we're gonna do a really really cool song
everybody's waving some reason to bring
the holiday spirit to some people today
we're gonna sing to get them technical
over there
so we're about to do is we're about to
go out there and do some caroling we're
gonna surprise some people that have no
idea we're showing up that's the basis
of caroling though I guess right let's
go
you guys this is a real treat it's
alright thanks for checking out this
video we had a blast making it yeah
we'll put links to all these people
subscribe thumbs up you know the routine
and check out this video right here a
savior is born this video means a lot to
all of us
that's why we're here because of Jesus
Christ his birth and this time of year
and it's truly the greatest gift we
could any of us could receive
we wish you a Merry Christmas and a
Happy New Year and we love you right
guys we get that thanks for watching
is wrong
Oh
you
