I'll just wiggle it okay open just relax
look see does that hurt
I mean wait wait look at got it look
right there
leave it it's full it's in your lip yeah
where'd it go where is it
where'd it go I just want my god for
real
okay well the boys found a game that I
had in the cupboard that wasn't secured
so now we're playing with it oh look is
that
okay now you hold the fishing pole look
and you got to try to catch them in
their mouths open like that
oh yeah yeah yeah I got one come on it's
tricky out let go okay now you do it
there you go
you did it don't open this mouth there
you go I thought good job guys
I love this game only when I was a kid
they had magnets inside their mouth good
job that's how you play again you see
who can catch the most fish want a
yellow one red I love you guys
let's see it did you catch it good job
rah Jackson how many do you have to show
me on your fingers show me on your
fingers you have to show me too
getting into it but I love you guys this
is what I think it is I want one is is
what I think it is I want right now
careful with the knife how much I think
it is oh it is is a sprocket
they fight listen hats off to my lady
for getting these done this year 2008
art calendar nice are alive uh you can
get a get one listen we're not gonna be
able to sign of this year sorry night
worries not gonna happen you are sending
them out though to look at that look how
it that is a family you know what let's
see you think I like it is that guy
making the funny face see those honey
look at that beautiful thing
oh nice you're so lucky happy how long
that one in there I'm I just want to
look through it no but they can't see no
you guys can't see you got to go buy one
we had not only had some oh haha
Jackson's face that is so fun show the
size like that is stacks
there's broth look at house Brock I
suppose looking Jackson with his sword
up there oh yeah that was the only way
we could get him to be happy for those
giving in the Saburo so there they large
weekend
wait right there I love it you nailed it
with the outfit outfit yeah through
those together in a day oh those gonna
go me oh that's a sexy look we're low
kid okay no more I'm not showing you
guys anymore
shale she's gonna give away the whole
calendar hey here's an idea you can get
one and then come into VidCon or
playlist live and we'll sign it there
yeah that's what we'll do there you go
but which one don't show us this picture
right here in the April it is probably
the picture with the very most Butler
family members ever in one place sweet
let's get lyrics and family this was
like the grand opening of the trixin
store I can't what because I want your
honest reaction okay do you really do
approve okay hold on not approved yet i
like december a lot do you have a
favorite you do for sure
what is it honestly alright we'll show
them that picture to this one surprise
surprise it's a view that is a good
picture though i like the purple mom did
a good job how are you wearing today umm
no grandma Peggy's birthday yeah that's
a good one what else do you like look at
December
oh yeah you like that I know we should
get a better one I think you and we all
jumped off the fireplace hey guys so
it's not me
hold on me here crying kind of go be mom
hold on okay I'm back all as well it was
just mild two-year-old turmoil as usual
okay so tonight I am making a vegetarian
dish it is a bean enchilada casserole I
found the recipe online and this is how
it starts with enchilada sauce and
tortillas corn tortillas I love corn
tortillas mmm they're so good
I'm modifying the recipe a little bit
because I do that a lot with recipes I
look at things that I look now that
really doesn't sound that great but it
might sound great if I add this to it so
I'm trying it making it a little bit
different and we'll see how it goes
it is not meatless Monday but I'm trying
this to be a vegetarian dish
we actually have leftover taco meat so
if people are complaining about it they
don't like it then they can have that or
they can just eat it and not complain
about it right because it's food and
it's good Wow these clouds rolling in
come on snow where's wintertime I want
to do some moguls ski jumps fresh powder
anymore the white stuff big old clouds
also you guys if you go on to maker shop
to order a calendar you also could get
yourself a Shaytards Christmas ornament
if you want something like that do you
like it that's a good Christmas ornament
I like that that'll be a good memory
unless we have another baby they don't
have to add another we're not pregnant
oh yeah I think Colette does did say she
wants another one though people are
wondering are we gonna have any more
maybe maybe one more I'll have to add
one more kid to the Christmas ornament
Merry Christmas
okay it's time for dress rehearsal for
my little ballerina oh she's so pretty
I've got my book cuz I'm gonna stay with
me stay at her dress rehearsal and watch
her and
we're really watching all the
differences and I don't know that I want
to sit there through all the dances just
yours no I actually love watching the
dances but I just brought this because I
want to read it are you excited you know
all your parts yeah
yes I think you do I can't wait to see
cactus feel like a million a million
John's perfect are you ready
rubber dress rehearsal they're going to
be going on fasting right there
that dancer little heart out
all right there's my casserole guys I
just got home and it looks like the
family's tried it so I'm gonna go see
what they think I'm gonna try not to
like let them see the camera so that
they can be honest but I really like it
I just had a couple bites I'm like whoo
tasty hey guys I came out did you guys
like my casserole hey did you like it I
like it
oh you're vlogging yeah after I was
gonna try to hide the cameras you guys
would be honest I like it
what about oh you look it down yeah good
way to make some money
hey dude did you eat some of my yeah
casserole for you babe hey what's good
oh my God Jesus underwear
put the shorts back on dad now the truth
my dad's wearing Gavin shorts and he
comes out and we're like what are you
wearing dad and Gavin's like those are
my shorts
um yeah one time we're gonna do yeah do
weird Oh way to finish people real quick
look at this hair day I know where you
were doing a workout racing all right
well these guys these guys found the
gliders show us what to do with those
Gavin OH
show us what to do with those hmm this
is a great setup
are you excited with Monica so excited
you look great I'm excited
decided to do these workouts mom that is
yours guys can have it good we're a
shayloss huh make it 30 straight lost
videos so you guys want to get the book
and follow along with us check it out
Gavin's tip of the day zone eye we're
into our intro we're gonna be going over
the whole book for 30 days and we do on
the workout routines you guys can follow
along with and he's gonna wear his hair
like this the whole month are you guys
so like the first three episodes Gavin's
love the supreme well I can I can
probably mess with it for the next
episode but it looks cool dude what's
this you're pretty pretty princess
Brock look at you hoverboard without
boots let me see your tooth is it is it
what what's wrong with you you want to
ride why do you what you're saying Amy
what are you so excited about play-actin
feet why are you so excited about
brilliant pony brought Cielo
oh that's why because he's always like
oh that's my face let me see you Brock
dude it's ready to come out I promise
we'll say two seconds Oh Cass Chrysler
that's right smart Maci yeah I can tell
it's about fog it's I promise it will
hurt look at me in the eyeballs look at
my eyeballs I promise let me see open
I'm just okay let me just wiggle it just
relax you're making it worse by flexing
your muscles I'll just wiggle it okay
open just relax looks he does that hurt
I mean wait okay got it
look right there wait it's Phil it's in
your lip yeah let it go where is it
where'd it go if you think I just wanna
for real are you sure did you feel it go
down side flip yeah Brock did you feel
it go down your throat
I think I just swallowed it I came out
it was like right there yeah let me see
Brock is in your mouth anywhere no does
it feel like you swallowed a wait wait
hold still
oh no that's your other tooth coming
through are you sure did it feel like
you swallowed it
what did it feel like a tooth went down
your throat it did everybody get on your
hands and yes I just weird oh no turn
the vacuum off it'll vacuum the tooth up
babe we lost Brock's first tooth
probably is that my fault is that Mike
it is yep I should have grabbed it
instead of how do I go in well I think I
pulled it like this and then it went and
then it flipped back like a slingshot
exactly what do you think dude look cool
dude do you think you swallowed it wow
that's crazy
let me see look at me does it hurt he
has it in your shirt to the fall down
here we go we have to watch the footage
back again look at me big cheese like
you sure it's not in between your lips
or anything do you feel a tooth in your
mouth my shoes alright we just watched
the clip back and we feel like it flew
somewhere we feel like it flipped out of
his mouth we're all like investigators
look for all like searching on
where do you think it win it was like
this rock do you think you swallowed it
did it feel like you swallowed the tooth
do you think you did like you felt it go
down your throat me see it didn't hurt
hurt can't that you can telephone well
well look for the tooth that's never
happened before
has that ever happened before oh what's
that oh I thought it was it oh you did
oh my god so have you saw the tooth of
me yeah you did weird oh that's right I
don't remember it's losing teeth man
another one down well Brock fought his
first tooth alright Brock you just
experienced losing your very first tooth
to the hurt just like it hey big did it
variances a teeny bit so Brock what
about other five-year-old boys like you
who have loose teeth should they be
nervous about their loose teeth or
should they be brave free yeah you're
right out there it is Kevin don't run
over it it's right there is that it -
Lego dang it dang it a false alarm
alright that's a wrap we'll see you guys
tomorrow
upon further review of the tape and with
modern technology we're able to slow the
footage down and we see that che makes a
rookie dad move and the tooth flips like
Amy said slingshot style back into
Brock's throat which is like that's a
choking hazard so be careful if your
kids have loose teeth
be careful that they don't swallow them
and I know like I've done some research
since that happened Amy did swallow a
teeth and it's very common for lots of
kids to swallow teeth just gives them
strong straight I mean think about that
that tooth is gonna like broke
get broken up into Brock's body and like
that's just gonna make his muscles
stronger just don't choke on it if you
are losing a tooth anyways I should have
been careful let guys click on a video
you're here in the end slate that's
right look around get to know one
another
shake hands be polite come on some
people are new here no spitting no
pushing click on a video you can see the
change between every single day for the
last 7 years and I think we've done
pretty good on these dailies in December
huh question mark I think so I'm gonna
give myself pat on the back hold on hold
on
ah eyes a big back almost wrong got no
I'm stupid I'm sorry ok I love you guys
uh what tomorrow is gonna be the best
Shaytards rewind you ever did see so
check check check it out and please
leave a thumbs up that helps us we like
that ok I gotta go I gotta click off
this thing how do i X I got ok bye love
you
