all right dude you want to try to get on
all by yourself think you can do it
let's see if you can get on all by
himself he has to have his snow boots on
so that the hoverboard recognize it
watch out accent hi I'm walking here
my babies are sick II surprise
thanks mom he's asleep oh yes it's quiet
time here at the Shaytards residence
Avia woke up with a really high fever
this morning not why I mean I don't know
what you call really high but it was
101.1 and I think that's that's like two
three degrees above what it should be
anyways so she had a fever and she's
been really hot all day gave her some
medicine she's been putting ice on her
forehead because she's just had the
worst headache I feel so bad for her
because she's a go-getter she hates hate
hates when she has to miss school she
was so mad she's like mom I have to go
to school I can't miss cheerleading
I can't miss anything but she has to she
has to slow down and relax but Brock and
I are just taking a a quiet afternoon
I'm going to get some work done on my
computer and he's obviously getting very
important work done on the iPad and then
we're going to get that work done
laundry
let me back Shh hey
Brock oh it's quiet non-stressful time
right now so if you're getting stressed
out that means you need to play a
different game or take a nap okay oh
okay
don't get stressed out I love you also
you guys I have been reading the book
this isn't actually the real copy this
is like an editor's like a pre edited
copy one of the last edited ones I
couldn't wait anymore I just started
reading it I actually had already read
at least four chapters but I'm on
chapter eight right now and I like it
you guys are going to like it it makes
me very proud and very happy I can't
wait for you guys to read it today show
me another one
Oh what what's this one okay I guess
I'll pick you all can you
oh okay which one day that one oh it's
as high as I can go
what color is that one oh I can't go any
higher with one hand
look who's this one who's that Hammond
he's a snow man having this mommy who's
this one
Ava oh yeah that's right
what colors that one
you know try again uh green that's right
I'm green oh uh oh we're learning
you're so cute though very Christmas I
love you damage oh no no Merry Christmas
dad Merry Christmas
I love you no what are you talking about
yeah yeah orange report
we're playing the name the Christmas
light game yeah yeah yeah no are you
just showing off for the camera with
that one I am red yeah yeah yeah
zoo he's got that one down no yeah that
way no no no that one's green uh hey
hate being late
yo do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do dudes okay I
wanted to show you guys something uh
Brock and Daxton whom I recently
explained their room and Brock said dad
I want to show you something
should we show these guys come on Daxton
want to go show um mr. shooter face
Brock came in and said see look dad it's
the hallways who did this as a kid
Daxton has a little pathway which is so
convenient for traveling to your crib
yeah you got a big dude what if hey
Brock
whoa I just had a crazy idea oh dude
what if we made the entire floor a
pathway oh I think that good idea do you
want to try to do that think we could do
it yeah yeah why not right now oh you
don't want to clean your own No
so realistically speaking when do you
think you'll get your room clean huh do
you have any forecasts for when you
think you'll get it clean the idea
win-win let me know like an hour in like
a day how long a week songs gonna take
you to get your room clean mm-hmm one
day one day so you think by this time
tomorrow you'll have your room clean hmm
two days 48 hours okay will you commit
to two days will you pinky swear to two
days yeah so tell him you're gonna have
your room clean in two days from now did
a promise yeah that's a promise all
right you got two days Daxton do you
think you can help clean the room can
you help clean the room no he's too busy
he's too busy being Superman all right
we barely got any today
out in enough time but she wasn't really
that late and now Braley's riding solo
bradden solo cuz Avia is still sick e
and she's mad about it she's not happy
being sick it's not like oh sweet I get
a break she's like I'm missing charity
yeah she's not happy but she'll get
better and then she'll be able to
perform they have a performance next
week and Emmy actually has a performance
in a few days so we will get to see all
the dancers pretty soon
look who stayed home from school you
feeling any better no we'll just lay
here and watch Disney all day long yeah
huh
I asked her if she got any ideas for
future webseries is from watching the
Disney Channel we did all right well
princess tart is on her princess bed oh
my goodness you're the most
Saskia's cutest dancer in the world I
love you come on let's go where you can
just sit here so cute seriously she's a
tall she's my daughter that's part of it
but she's adorable all right you guys
exciting exciting we just hired a new
person to help us around the house
because I'll tell you what have enough
five kids and a big house like this it's
hard to keep things clean so sometimes
you need to hire someone to help you do
not get on a truck rocks Adi goes do you
stand on it like the hoverboard I'm like
no stay off of that thing we have a
robot vacuum oh what's it doing now it's
turning around it's we're probably
messing it up oh dude hoverboard
electronic vacuum war well look at it
dude that's so cool it's mapping out the
room Oh
so that's good that's good Brock we got
to get there because there's a lot of
mess right there because you and Dax are
always spilling when you're eating your
lunch
move the table pull a table out pull em
all up all that bullet bullet Oh Oh see
now we messed up the mapping of it
anyways we got a robot vacuuming the
floor
that's awesome babe I'm cleaning the
house yeah we'll see how it does Oh Oh
did it get it well you know under the
couch
well let's even got that one thing look
there was something right there let's
see the got it
Oh got it it got it dude this is cool
dude it just went into the living room
all by itself this is so cool and I mean
if this thing seriously can vacuum our
entire house while we sleep that would
be really scary
or getting our floor vacuumed as we make
our dinner it plugs itself in so that it
can charge itself there you go let's see
dude
all right when we go to bed tonight
we'll turn it on and see if it vacuums
the entire house while we sleep cool
oh-ho isn't that cool dude can you
imagine there will be a day where we
have a real robot with arms that comes
and cleans our dishes will that be weird
Brock what do you think about that do
you think go on what else will the
robots do for us Brock make food for us
like what else what else you think they
can do for us
you'll just tell the robot no Jackson
Jackson just pushed clean dachshund it
needs to charge bro the future you guys
will live in man how crazy you know what
they need to do though babe they need to
put a vacuum cleaner on the bottom of
this thing right dude then I'd be
vacuuming the floor every day you put
like look how white that is you put a
big vacuum cleaner on the bottom of that
I'll back you miss floor for you that's
a million-dollar idea right there
technological creators of the world you
make one of these hover glide boards
with a vacuum on the bottom of it
there's a million dollar idea right
there
kids cleaning their house as they're
playing on their glider board hmm I
think so you know what I think I will do
Oh Michaels who opened the dishwasher
when I am hoverboarding around the house
I would I was going to say is I think
all vlogging will happen from now on
with me atop a hover board glider board
whatever you want to call you know what
I'm talking about nobody's come up with
the name that sticks yet what are they
glider board actually tweeted me and
said they're called glider boards glider
board send us some then we'll officially
call him glider boards the kids all want
one send us for more would you and one
for Rudolph here we're gonna punch into
the Shaytards having dinner
Emme Loomis how was your day today
Gavin Butler you have a good day you try
that word Colette tell us about what's
the dinner that's hot um tacos okay you
know what I love about tapas is they're
easy and every time I think we're having
tacos the kids go yeah tacos just say
that happened all it's all right it's
taco night at the Shaytards like dad I
don't care get off that thing get on all
right get your hoverboard boots on all
right dude you want to try to get on all
by yourself
think you can do it let's see if you can
get on all by himself he has to have his
snow boots on so that the hoverboard
recognize it watch out accent oh snap
there you go he made it
dude that was quite the treacherous
boarding of the hover glider board three
robots a robot toilet robot vacuum in a
robot hoverboard and a robot baby
Thank You vena robot robots are the
future robots huh
are you a robot hey robot baby where you
going
robot baby there he goes here he comes a
bet that's my good boy
Oh
kinda shame
Oh shame
all in the shade
you
