this is what a pathetic farmer I am mean
Dave I gotta use my keys try to cut the
twine so you guys can eat your hay
you're dying no I'm gonna go down to the
farmers store I'm gonna get me a
Leatherman okay not gonna embarrass you
guys anymore by having to use my keys to
cut this - it's really hard it's really
hard all right good morning good morning
good morning
we have a young chipper yeah lady are
you chipper Hey yes you are I love you
alright and we have breakfast of
champions got some watermelon you know
that's always a very refreshing thing to
eat in the morning and I've been so
happy no it's still good I promise
I ate it if you don't want that that one
that mine might be a little softer but
over here is really good these ones are
crunchy I tried it trust me
no you can that one okay you're going to
just dig your face into that one ha ha
just like forget the slices I'm going
for the whole thing
I've actually been very impressed with
Costco's ability to keep good watermelon
on hand because typically this time of
year we have no watermelon that's good
it's always all mushy every time you buy
it in the store it's like I'm mush yeah
anyways Costco's been really good about
having great watermelon lately so I'm
very happy about that
and I hope you have a great day at
school and I hope that you remain
healthy and strong my young lass good
morning to you well I have made another
child be my Victim spraying stuff on
your feet I hope it works I put on guard
and I think there's a little bit of
Melaleuca oil in there too so we'll see
we'll see spraying it on your feet
boosting your immunity so tell us why
you're so summery today oh oh
school we're doing um this thing called
time this week mm-hmm trying to be super
done this week and we have different
don't worry he'll be kind to you okay
yeah so you had super your day
yesterday was support today so you I
like sports Jersey and then today's like
surfer day so sir report shorts and I'm
getting ass hat at this point totally
tubular dad God like radical goes like
shred some weds okay wash after them
shot bra ha without biting dachshund
yeah he thinks for being funny you want
to tell them why hey guys totally shred
those waves here over here say hey guys
tubular dude say that was a super bogus
adventure man thank you
perfect good job boy you're such a good
surfer dude welcome back to the
Shaytards logs you know the hard thing
about doing daily vlogs is you have to
do it every day that's the hard part
about it is that you just say something
to the camera
that's hopefully educational maybe
entertaining
if you're lucky funny that never happens
every single day for you're unlucky that
is stupid incriminating what happens to
me you say things that are stupid and
incriminating my corner well I buried
all that treasure I still underneath the
deck good thing that you're just a
really good editor so you can edit out
all those stupid things I say there's or
sometimes I'll just put an additive
things anymore it's 7:38 time we go to
school
Gavin's getting ready what is today
surfers Hawaiian day Gavin they're
having like a what is it what kind
spirit week kindness week oh it's
kindness week and then for kindness week
they have a day what was yesterday it
was just her sports day at the Democrats
super here today then tomorrow Z here so
yesterday we wore a jazz jersey today
he's rockin the tricks in the summer
year looking good
and sun's about to come up so I care
about breakfast per day welcome to
another director sherry charge good
morning did you guys fight any wild
ferrets last night huh good kitty who
wants breakfast she doing it's time to
feed the animals you hungry you like to
food you like some food from Daddy your
stand on the ladder and ask for some
food
all right let's feed the kitty kitty
kitty kitty kitty here they come he keke
keke kitty most of them are out orders
everybody let me go see if they got out
this morning when the girls left he
could get giddy here they come I love
how my animals come to me hey pig ear
what's up big boy how you doing James
it's time for breakfast eat your
breakfast get you breakfast breakfast
kitty cam breakfast kitty cam he did oh
hey what's up top James how's the crew
doing this morning James you guys get
some good hunting done this morning well
whatever they just hunt for sport
daddy feeds them all the food they need
now God take Gavin to school school days
what's today Hawaii day surfing surfer
dang ten men
nine ten
hey blondie keeping things under wraps
out here alright there's a lot of chores
in the morning whether it's getting the
kids off to school feeding one of our
7800 animals or getting the trash cans
in and if you look closely it looks like
Larry and the gang or coming up for
their morning oats now come on boys Moo
come on mean Dave where's mean Dave you
guys forgot mean Dave here he comes
come on mean Dave hurry up it's
breakfast time I'll meet you guys I put
the trough let's go they come to me when
I call him see my cows they do I move at
him you might think I'm joking but I'll
pull up the road no move like that
really loud and they come running look
at him
alright let's go up we gotta go get them
some hay some oats and if they're good
this morning we'll let them have some
carrots - come on Larry let's go they're
coming up to me right here at the fence
but they got to follow me up to where
the hey is good boys come on let's go
head up to the I know let's go we got to
go to the top me come on follow me all
right blondie oh there's a there's a
trail full of hay
creator plate four boys give him some
oats open this bale here's ever fit cows
before fun for like a couple weeks and
then it becomes a chore and annoying cuz
they want to eat every day neither did
he do Larry's always first
he's the hungriest
come and Larry I'm coming
tails a headlight all right boys
hey I'm going troops all right
I need a night I don't have a decent
night I read formula formula at night
come on find a knife stay tuned for that
rip at night go in my own Tobin I'm so
annoyed I can't find a knife I can only
find a screw that's what I'm used to try
to open these bags and they're a pain in
the butt to open - hey blondie they're
rooting me on though thanks blondie all
right oh yeah oh yeah oh there they go
delicious honey molasses oats
oh man what do you guys think you want
some of those for breakfast
Nakia me okay as cows love them all
right boys
he's ready for your buffet huh who's
ready to eat some breakfast
these boys already eat some breakfast
but get him all right hold on I'll throw
it over this is what a pathetic farmer I
am mean Dave I gotta use my keys try to
cut the twine so you guys can eat your
hay your study no I'm gonna go down to
the farmers store I'm gonna get me a
Leatherman okay not gonna embarrass you
guys anymore by having to use my keys to
cut this - it's really hard it's really
hard being a farmer
lucky charms all sir here we go oh I got
it I got it I got it
okay it's time to eat boys I got the 12
yeah yeah yeah
here's what we're gonna do we set it up
in the little Tufts like this and I'm
gonna pour the O cross hey lack of meat
there hey I want to go there oh right
boys good stuff is special right there
blasts go to town Larry stupid strap
it's all so hard being a farmer and a
vlogger at the same time when you're
trying to use this as your tripod
doesn't work the best but we'll get her
done all right ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls that's how you feed the cows
get some alfalfa hay make a little bed
of it for him
then put a little delicious sugary
topping on it oh yeah they'll just be
chilling up here for a few hours eating
all this humming Dave that's right
he just over there he has a low-carb
diet he's trying to get in the cow
Olympics oh he doesn't have the oats he
leaves it for these guys all right
that's a wrap on the podcast that's fun
that's how this fine young earth
daughter
Yani got her on the honors sweet kinkle
are you mine I'm not my I'm nothing like
fever Hannah's cousin
you wanna be Miranda's cousin you guys
should do a collab Oh
that's satisfying yeah
yeah at the same time boom anyways check
out new win the kid go to sleep in in
that sentence um we just shot episodes
the live show and now I'm in the bull
journal not only the cows dottie around
here
- Gotti - so if you guys saw in
yesterday's vlog Colette what is the
consensus what was the animal that was
in our garage people mm-hmm from the
comments and Twitter I think they're
right
they live up here yeah I didn't know I
thought I was like it looked like so
pretty and like a pet in there mean yeah
according to the Wikipedia they're
vicious animals so uh if you guys want
to hear my side of the white-tailed
weasels story when I very first saw
James bring him in the garage go watch
the podcast and I explained how he first
came into the garage that night James's
brain quite a story they sound mmm
James man he's the captain of the cats
go watch the podcast how much does that
look like when I just fed the cows this
morning you guys there's not much
difference from what I gave the cows
this morning to what I'm scooping in my
chompers I just got a little blueberries
and almond milk and mine oh that's more
than you consider the dogs how often do
you say that when we eat looks like dog
sometimes me Lao what I quote what got
it okay welcome to the shade hard do
such a cool with who was calling me
should I answer it hi my name is Alan
they're gonna do it because you guys
were more important you are so important
don't undermine the importance of
yourselves you're important I'm in a
weird mood it's true it's true ah just
one of those days how was your day today
get ask whale a flaw Lou I don't know
Spanish boy okay it field trip who you
are to what what's enough the Nutcracker
ballet but we have to dress up nice I
know you should it'll be so fun
rerun a fun you should wear ballet shoes
oh we're a swan
let's do you want me to rent you a swan
costumes seriously no that would be
amazing
yeah do you want to go to a ballet so
the Nutcracker sing a song from The
Nutcracker do you know I know
perfecto for me that is give it does
that mean I don't know but I speak
languages where do you think she gets it
she's a weirdo just like me it's getting
weirder I love you guys
it's fun to have kids that are willing
to be weird with you ah this chocolate
no those are for Christmas gifts let's
be honest I'll probably end up opening
it
yeah it's just nice see reality it's
just a cool family be good to each other
I'm so tired
the people
and terrible me
but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is
Oh
