their egos super brog good on that thing
dude no oh I need to let this thing out
how did it get in did you guys go
hunting our cats are hunters you guys
I'm gonna go open this door and see if I
can let it out what are you doing
blondie see if I can distract him
come so many skills you guys good
morning how are you guys feeling this
morning sleepy bones we're getting
closer to Christmas break but not quite
there yet these little boys have not
been feeling well this morning are you
feeling okay yeah not one two they are
not their usual chipper selves but AV is
be chipper yeah yeah oh it's like here
we go time to wake up
alright you guys we have a big day today
you know what it is the first day of the
rest of your lives
it's your first day of the rest of your
life make it the best you can eat my
pretties eat and live look at how big
these cats have gotten we've got some
big kitties and look this is the kitten
it's not a kitten anymore I see big big
big kitty oh come on
he's like I'm eating live my love oh and
this little kitty over here she still
don't like anybody
you still don't really like anybody huh
I love you you can come and eat too you
hungry
you want to come eat alright I'll walk
away and then maybe you'll come and eat
oh my goodness
huh
son
what
is that
huh
oh you need to get out I need to let
this thing out how did I get in did you
guys go hunting Oh our cats are hunters
you guys I'm gonna go open this door and
see if I can let it out no you guys stay
no come here little things no you guys
stay
fruit what are you doing blondie yet
again again again again see if I can
distract him oh you're gonna get hit
again okay - Kitty oh no I got the dogs
in on it okay okay everybody else
everybody else you know what I'm gonna
help this theme
go go run and live brother oshi Brooks
ok-ran in those bushes I try to get
Bronx and blondie in the house so that
things can get away
Bronx blondie come on come on oh my
goodness well that is life out living on
the farm um I think that was a ferret
did not look like a ferret to you guys I
mean I don't know much about ferrets
I've never had one but that looked like
one and from what I understand I don't
think ferrets are like naturally
occurring here I think that must have
been somebody's ferret so if I find it
again I got all the animals in the
garage so I'm hoping that it got away if
I find it again maybe I should try to
catch it and see if it belongs to
anybody yeah that looks like a ferret I
think it got away you little rascals
they're good hunters you guys are good
hunters but sometimes I don't want you
to hunt things okay sometimes you got to
let him go are you feeling better buddy
good morning good morning good morning I
have heard you guys have already been
chasing the ferret that I found in the
garage last night I was letting the cats
in the garage last night
do I show you a picture of it it freaked
me out but James brought this giant
white thing in the garage one what day
he's of that he then he dropped it and
then all the cats like surrounded it and
then just laid there and played dead
then I tried to pick it up in a box cuz
I was gonna go throw it in the garbage
and then it just ran away from me and it
hid behind the kennel so then I tried to
catch it for like ten minutes I'm like
I'm not gonna try to catch a ferret all
night he's just gonna have to try to
survive the night in the garage and it
sound like he did it's very exciting any
or any ran underneath into the bushes
nice of course everyone followed it I
can't believe he survived the night with
all those cats in there okay Brock let's
see this stomp that thing get on there
he had a boy turn around he has to wear
these big snow boots
just scoot down crew yeah no don't move
his foot and it's okay go
he asked were these snow boots for it to
work for him because his feet are like
too small so when he gets on it starts
to shake everywhere
what are you doing you going on the
carpet he likes it on the carpet just
crash that's a good spot to be where you
going dude he likes it airy comes have
fun really good at that thing dude who
what is that I would like one of those
for the breakfast I'm eating of the
process of my day Colette do you have a
knife and of a spoon I need to do them
man you don't have to make anything I
hate winner
I hate when the waitresses are at school
jingling their job good have an
education stupid Gavin rockin is jazz
Jersey turn around show us that mailman
Malone MVP Jersey he goes Brock and his
hoverboard glider board I don't know
what you want to call them people it's
obviously not hovering there are two
wheels we can all see it a glider board
dachshund let's call them gliders from
now on Kay because really that's what
you're doing you're gliding on the
ground why are you so angry dad Paxton
are you so angry at life sometimes my
rock yes there he goes super brog good
on that thing dude keep like a stiff
cape oh he should so looks like it's
blowing yeah
alright missed it
oh you caught it oh that's talented babe
plan
light and word soccer maybe that's not a
great idea just saying oh she's so
talented baby them in a minute but
caffeine times about that time amore we
try that again where I catch between my
legs okay babe watch this trick I'm so
ready
also the Bremen wet slippery lady broch
kick this ball DK right there kick it
right at me
kick it now it's a good drink babe
under my captain revelry watch this
trick ready
okay go he's trying to do it again
seekers
it was really cool
whoa it's a new way to spin once again
do not get on these you're weak do not
try these things at home just an check
check one two
this is Shay and Colette logging in on
what is the date today we're logging
we're vlogging or were checking in
December 7th 2015 babe what a great year
it was for us can we just stop and pause
maybe for a moment to reflect upon all
the good things that have happened bless
2015 it has been such a great year uh-1
what's the number one top of your list
most grateful thing for 2015
here's I'll tell you mine cuz I know you
just didn't ask no what's yours do you
have one no you Galgo
five healthy kids man oh yeah when I see
you like yeah like kids that are like
coming over from Syria in a boat and
their mom's arms and their dads trying
to swim to keep their kids afloat Oh My
heck pardon my language that's a Mormon
swear ha I dude 5 healthy kids is what
I'm grateful for what are you grateful
for all the money we made i selfish jerk
hey mom i ol i mean i don't know i guess
that that tops everything i really don't
know what else to talk i'm noise we're
great feeling close to family like
that's been due to this I'm glad that
we're back in Idaho feels good um what
are you grateful you gotta be grateful
to get more great stuff great so don't
be like I wish I had what they had you
can have great things to brings the
abundance you gotta be you gotta find
those things that you're grateful for
and keep I'm grateful for this scurf I'm
grateful thing
okay we're going we're doing shopping
we're doing chores
we got a babysitter and we got school so
we're gonna go get some shopping done
and we got to get baskets back
come so many skills you guys I love your
skills babe Shay
as long as you don't snitch you can
smell it once you snitch you got to pay
so we're in the studio the whole
family's gathered around the whole
family's gathered around the family
being films gathered around the camera
this is just narcissistic of us no I
mean it's fun of the kids watch I'm like
what
remember when you were being nice to
each other yeah analogues to remind the
kids when they are being nice we can't
cut all the words out where they're
yelling at each other so cute especially
this little guy to watch him watch him
sighs watching him so yeah that's why
you can do so many facial expressions
it's that immediate gratification to be
able to see yourself he's him and Brock
both have like watched themselves when I
was growing up I didn't see what the
pictures that my mom took looked like
until she developed them at the Walmart
six weeks later right these guys take a
picture of joy to them right away or we
you know vlog them and then they see it
on YouTube right away so yeah I can do
their facial expressions know how to
associate with facial expressions with
the faces they just met right run
do you remember going to the one-hour
photo yeah that was like it was like so
cool cuz you could get your pictures
after an hour all right another
disgusting dinner because we are crammed
for time and so we come and take our
kids to a fast food place that will not
help their bodies at all but it tastes
good and it counts as dinner and plus
mommy tard looks hot and we all know
that if mommy tarts looking hot it
doesn't matter what you're doing or what
you're eating because state is so
beautiful dang girl yeah girl that's why
I'm talking about you girl
you too girl I'm talking about them
boots with the fur yeah go to boot with
the fur year good I'm talking about
those boot the fur you okay love you
know taxon Butler get your mouth off of
my water I got that forty ounce water
he's sick man you're a regular guy but
you try to be something
we are
in the shade
Oh
