how many birthdays we sing this is
grandma's first go at a hoverboard
behold the modern traveler wheels on
wheels on wheels
beard let's see that hat
Gavin stolen one of the hats out of my
backpack this morning new tricks and
hats totally rockin cool all right we're
out of here we're leaving we're going to
the airport
JFK here we come well now we're shopping
I think the boys found what they want
really fun in your yard I know right
look at it we got a horse we got a
tractor what is that Jeep thing John
Deere thing have we actually worn out
our welcome here okay stop yelling no
you have to reverse you have to learn
how to drive what if you are really in a
grill car and you got in the situation
just make your five you reversed you
here but you have to know how to drive
this thing before I will go stop okay I
gotta go now
these contraptions this contraption on
top of our gallon
it's like mapping the city
every inch it's the beginning
the future
that machines are taking we're on the
dr. Oz Show yesterday yeah he got a
football they let me got a football from
dr. oz I dropped a pass that he threw me
because I tried to be fancy and catch
with one hand so anyways we out of here
Jeff King New York City
all right we made it through airport
security he's holding onto the tire head
at home touching the plane through uh
okay we're doing teamwork are you gonna
help now
you were helping before can you show
everybody how you do teamwork remember
don't be sad Brock he'll help again you
were being so cute and doing teamwork
and then ducks and just threw it down
he's just having a moment could you need
a hug good kitty the hug don't want to
do teamwork anymore you're tired too
it's hard
oh sorry sorry it's hard doing teamwork
oh the cats in house thank you for
seeing that hi Bagheera what are you
doing you are in big fluffy black kitty
yeah he looks like a Bagheera doesn't he
okay put him outside yeah I'm sure you
really want to do he's like run away so
we're getting the house way you want
more apples
okay can you help carry that to your
room and then I'll get you an apple can
you help take that to your room with
Barack can you not you don't need to
take this to your room but can you take
this basket to your room with Brock can
you do that and I'll get you an apple
and no you know what I'm talking about
we're trying to get the house ready
because che and Gavin are coming home
tonight and I'm so excited
anyways Shane governor coming home today
and I'm really excited to hear about how
the whole trip went how dr. Oz Show was
and how all that was down so I am really
excited they get home late yes oh wow it
looks like em you made some type of a
creation right here there's a few apple
cores I have a feeling we're going to
get to see that at dinnertime okay
this is just part of it now I mean he's
- there's gonna be whining and there's
gonna be screaming sometimes on the log
that just happens right no not from you
though because you don't whine in scream
anymore do you what you don't whine and
scream anymore you're a good boy hi guys
I love you okay bye-bye you want to be
just like your brother huh I five well I
got my foot five high five high five
yeah good job thanks guys you look at
teamwork she finally decided to help
good job Jackson good job Rach you guys
are so helpful thank you
you don't watch like that no go put him
away go put him away and I'll make some
pizza well that's pretty much what your
whole room looks like right now is
dumped out toys okay we'll work on this
room we'll work on that ring later mmm
we're getting ready to play American
Girl dolls and look what any setup it's
a beautiful Christmas tree living room
love them to have oneself yes itself
- decorated the house at present look at
Tucson's romantic - I've know why he was
ten damn look at that
Carly Jack's is believing that is hope
and Carly Jackson sweating okay what at
Carly inducted ready
Jackson is wedding Jackson and Carly on
their wedding day they were sitting in a
secret room eating lunch together yeah I
know man Samantha Oh will the loo
Samantha how are you today oh I'm great
because my dress is beautiful for
getting married I don't think I like it
very much I here let me help you
I'm bridges how do you like that
milkshake
done till now she wasn't I before
wedding but I was too big to come so Oh
big people can't come to her weddings no
skateboard I'm cute hey okay are we
ready to do American robot Chris Mike oh
yeah little pre-christmas
cake now this is also for the whole
family and I would I got one
which is it what is it whatever
hmm the doc seems like yeah what is it I
want to know I know what I rap so hey
buddy you having fun hey what is it
No oh I can't the tic-tac-toe game yeah
you know what it is oh I mean I've seen
those before in Microsoft weeks I can
play tic-tac-toe by like turning that
cute who's Mac well I'm gonna give it to
once this one is for Julie because she
told me to give it to you Julie because
we love you Julie all right we're on our
airplane you're left out got first-class
lock the leg room lots of room for
New Jordans that he got for his birthday
go along with his new hoverboard all
right Brown here piece later New York
City all right we made it to the Salt
Lake City Airport Gavin is still on his
hoverboard
and I just wanted to see something here
just see how it looks amongst other
great man I think it looks pretty good
Oh Gavin what do you think good huh
check it out except you shouldn't put it
right where or what that's best 15 we
wanna be home free
oh I see that's 15 yo where's number 1
well there's number two we want to be up
here by Janet we won't be number one all
right we'll be down here by Matt Damon
anyways I'm gonna leave that there just
because it's here in the Salt Lake
Airport you guys they are almost here
yesterday right now they're off the
airplane they're driving home are you
excited
oh yeah that's how it goes then you pull
the string you hold this without
covering the end then you pull the
string really hard so we have some I
don't know where we got fourth of July
probably and here we have this setup for
Gavin they're on their way we got this
very festive Christmas eat cake
12:00 is that the whole Diaz and 2
presents are just classic there's
nothing in them and then some present
Brock picked out the minion I picked out
the emoji uh yeah and this one says a
little birdie told me it's your birthday
I ate him
who doesn't love that one dick you have
no idea your daddy's almost home
he misses him so much every time this
time and he has been very cuddly today
because he misses him he gets really
cuddly it's weird not weird it's like a
normal reaction when you miss somebody
like yeah he's coming home
Jackson are you excited to see daddy and
Gavin guardian Gavin they're almost home
is 11:15 at night this guy is really
trying to stay awake he had a good nap
though so we're almost there okay we're
watching out the window to see when they
come and any poppers when they come I'm
maybe three at a time I'm gonna like
this number bolt and Emmy it's gonna
watch form she's going to say
bippity-boppity-boo when they get here
is that the cute like we're gonna yell
louder but you have to say which door
they come in the garage I think you have
to tell us which door so we know where
it I'll say back our friend okay okay
she just called it
bibbidi-bobbidi-boo okay which door
which door okay I'm gonna try the front
door front door okay you guys ready yeah
right Jill okay oh let's drop your guys
ready Rob over here coming through here
girl
Shh he's the one shoot
BRAC already surprised them I was like
fireworks in here yeah we wanted to
surprise these the reason Klug we got
wood floors yes I know how you traveled
in the airport yeah nice they've been so
excited to see you hey we're gonna teach
Jackson how to do this thing that about
Anatomy cool rock on Trey thank you
it's hard so you gotta leave you oh my
gosh look at these think a few wide what
is that doing
normal centers ready Beach turned out
harm to the birds mean for oh my gosh
that is so cute watch Gavin's give you
that smooth
welcome home how many birthdays we sing
well Jewish birthday together
manaphy give you much
I wish better be - what a glorious day I
want to go to a baptism
there we go to the back one of us has to
make the Marty McFly decision all right
this is grandma's first go at a
hoverboard
she is hit and killed don't break a hip
so just be hip and cool I was a nomogram
that was a beautiful - 360 I saw you
pour grab back my favorite poison but
nothing else I thought it was totally
choreographed you're in the future okay
I have come to the restaurant hello
welcome to the fan cities fan cities -
restaurant we renamed because the last
one was horrible because it was a
horrifying name well oh well good I'm
glad we got that settled a you will have
a chef named Eddie say hello hi and real
did you change that
Oh somebody already here hi how are you
nice to see you guys somebody's really
good here yeah oh you know you don't
like it I don't know if I should stay
he's a year old done oh yes he's a
regular Houston anger yours I'm so picky
Oh fabulous I love that you don't have
to put the price on their caramel apples
roasted hotdogs graham crackers all
around likes water grape juice on them
large kisses I think that I will have
some almonds and graham cracker
how long do the roasted hotdogs take
about 15 years also we are out of there
oh I look like you I'm gonna need a
minute to decide can I have a water
please ah dude I guess the regulars get
to do whatever they want here huh love
you and did you want any of those
roasted hot dogs um well I'm maybe let
me think about it I'll think about it
she has the bell right now so if you
just tell him during the belt I will
cannot see it Oh perfect
well my almonds have arrived I think I'm
gonna go ahead and do some rest and hot
dogs what did you order here hot dog Oh
service is fast here hi I think that I
also noticed okay I do want to do some
roasted hot dogs okay and I also noticed
that there was hot chocolate I didn't
see before could I get hot chocolate yes
thank you okay thank you yes best
service ever well I'll tell you what
that Daxton has quite the character
yes his facial expressions kill me he
was doing one in two in church today
that I feel like I have never seen any
person do before I am like literally I
have never seen that facial expression
ever he's just preparing to be a mime I
don't think so with how much he screams
anyways we're back home so glad yes what
a trip I think that was a real
confidence booster for Gavin I think he
really gained a lot out of that trip yes
and how exciting how many 12 year olds
can say that they have done that sort of
a trip or write a book how many 12 year
olds can just grab the microphone in
front of a live studio audience on a
nationally syndicated TV show in New
York City but like let me bus a song now
for you people real quick
yes I'm very proud it was great for his
confidence level and just to be able to
meet new people to experience different
sites and just you know what life
experience for him so thanks for
watching thanks for being a part of it
if you didn't see yesterday's vlog
that's the action-packed we were on the
dr. Oz Show vlog click on the
yesterday's vlog link on the end slate
she want to see the shade her has been
doing every single day for the last 7
years you click on one of those buttons
and go on a Shh artery run adventure
adventures await you yes now we're gonna
go to bed cuz we're exhausted did you
know that having five kids is a lot of
effing work
oh my daisies I cussed gotta go I'm
gonna go brush my teeth no I know well
you guys see you tomorrow bye
