hi I'm logging here check check checking
in haven't had one of these in a while
it's one take Sunday and it's a spiky
hair one take Sunday we are having a
celebration for Gavin Butler today it is
his 12th year's know we've set it in
tweeted at a million times we're back um
it was on the 3rd he's 12 years old
we celebrate birthdays for all 4 or 5
days out of the week yeah so we're going
to Grandma's house today
Brock's ringing the bell and we're gonna
have a birthday dinner and birthday cake
and sing happy birthday family gathering
type happy birthday to you afternoon and
right now with the swifty Nicki
restaurant if he doesn't know a via an
Emmy own and operate a local restaurant
within our house where they sell us our
own food that we've bought from the
grocery store previously it's a great
setup for them their overhead is really
low anyways we are here at the Swift
Aniki restaurant here's the menu and
Colette and I have sat down for like a
little date we're on a little Sunday
afternoon date and when we got here
Brock was halfway into his baloney and
cheese sandwich which he has been
generous enough to give me two bites of
and I would recommend if you come to the
squeaking Swift Aniki restaurant get the
cheese and baloney sandwich it's good
I've had two bites of it and I want to
have more but I've already had two bites
of a sandwich I don't want to be rude
and have more Brock do you like your
sandwich that's good so I ordered the
lemonade ellipsis
table settings table settings and I
ordered the lemonade to collect up the
waters all right I got water and a hot
cocoa in the anvil you got a hot cocoa I
might want to get a hot cocoa - oh look
hold on I just ordered an apples and
caramel for the table thank you so much
hey the service here is much appreciated
this customer wants something good
well anyways I'll talk about my caramel
what more we gonna ask her for something
anyways I ordered caramel and apples
from the table he has oh yeah do you
want to order another bologna sandwiches
are earrin told him don't tell these
guys about your tooth that's about to
fall out show them will you wiggle it
for him I won't touch it I promise will
you wiggle it can you show him Wait Wait
move your finger down a little bit so he
can see wiggle like like yes look at me
it's like this touch the bottom of it so
we can see it wiggle he has been
terrified of having any of us touch it
is it wiggling you want to pull your
tooth out no when how are we gonna get
it out because it's about to fall out
you just want to wait for it to fall out
I just want you to be careful not to
swallow it okay
is that cool so be conscious of where
that tooth is yo if you're chewing
something chewy or like one of these
apples and caramel for instance yeah
thank you
tell dessert they run it up first
yes I ain't complainin got apples and
caramel now and lemonade brock's about
to lose a tooth yeah we're here oh I
also ordered the chips and salsa and
quinoa appetizer which is also comes
highly recommended on the yelp of the
Swift tiki restaurant I'm gonna have my
apple and caramel before I have the main
course ah
anyways we're here hanging out on a
Sunday one taker Daley's into summer of
the shake
haha here one day Sunday you have been
our trainer week okay huh
oh alright so let me show you behind the
scenes of the Swift nuclear era do you
have tomatoes I do what I'm sorry we can
go for shopping
Oh Gavin is the masterpiece of the
sandwich maker Wow he loves everything
on a sandwich mustard pickles tomatoes
yes
I want to show them the Bock the behind
the scenes of the surgeon academician oh
excuse me guy show behind the scenes of
the switch into key whoa whoa ma'am -
security forces Nikki yes ma'am excuse
me what are you doing back here
are you at a table here in our
establishment I need to go back to your
table you come and see you oh well I'm
gonna walk in hey guys what don't forget
the Christmas special
you wanna do that don't forget it we
won't forget trust me nobody let us
forget that's funny that ISA go alright
so actually can I also order a hot cocoa
cuz I know she got 100 I forgot about
that matter I'm sorry so rude
so rude okay I forgot to tell this part
um one of the great services here at the
slip Tamika restaurant restaurant
restaurant is that they when they see
you they give you this Bell that comes
with every table and if you need
anything and if you're like oh I wish
out a gun that you ring it hey I would
like to order one of those hot
chocolates okay
what pulling it out we have another
request over here dude there there on it
how's that hot cocoa
taste it tried it yet oh my goodness
show it up you're you're rocking there
what kind of comments well who knows who
this is not no thoughts it's not his
fault that he's a funny guy his name is
not yeah oh well what why don't you sing
it for us Oh Gavin go get your
hoverboard real quick I want to show
them Brock his Brock's hoverboard skills
okay sing your song for us actually
hilarious that was hilarious
he's getting to that age actually um all
right
uh word I also didn't tell you guys when
I ordered for my main app my main meal
the main course I was gonna try this
teriyaki chicken and rice bowl that they
have right here is that 25 cents that is
a good deal you've uten it's a service
fee I guess is that what you're charging
us for her okay a service fee that makes
sense yeah we bought the food and always
when you come to the Swift Aniki
restaurant every time go get it every
item on the menu is something that is in
our fridge or our pantry so that is true
so and I pay a quarter to have the warm
to have them warm up the leftover
teriyaki chicken and rice that we had
two nights ago oh there it is right now
order make me
smells good smells really good okay so
here's what I here's my deal
Medina I got chips and salsa with quinoa
if I want to get a little delicious
apple and caramel I can wet my whistle
with the lemonade and then here's the
main course all right should we show him
Brock whoa whoa possessed
it's possessed just play the hoverboard
like doesn't recognize him because he's
too light he's like too light for it
stand on it it's all right sorry okay
Brock here yeah get one down good good
got it okay there you go
Dallas Brock here look dude you got to
make sure you get your foot down there
solid okay here watch dad oh it's so fun
to do oh snap whoa okay go over here
Brock's getting frustrated he really
wants melodies I know he is I can do it
but it does that when it's two because
he's too light like the sensors of this
thing start to freak out
hey listen Brock can you put your feet
down you can't move them around all
right
so you got to put up it you had to stay
right there in those spots okay ready
one two good good
still it's being finicky it wasn't doing
that it's like somebody was telling us
last night they heard of one of these
lighting on fire I do not recommend you
getting one of these somebody's gonna
break their neck on these but listen
this is our life we can do every way
exactly here he goes
oh is that the reason why yeah I get the
idea good comment about that about we
were writing it backwards yeah oh really
or the whites who lights up yeah Brooke
I think you are ready in the wrong way
around this way all right
Brock I just flipped the camera Brock
has his boots on get on that bad boy
stand up be nice all right there he goes
which way so go with the lights
backwards I guess with the boots it
helps terrific yeah there's like little
sensors on the thing and if you move
your feet around it starts to bounce
around and because Brock's lighter you
don't work as well but if he has his
boot tone cuz hover boots on he can do
it well um we finished your meal at
where's our bill I forgot to show you
this hey where's our bill Avia on the
hoverboard all right
this was our final bill I gave him a tip
what you get was your tip I didn't do
the math um I did the ground it is $3.75
it's pretty good tip that's my over 20%
okay one take Sunday from the Shaytards
tomorrow you're gonna
have a long 20 minute vlog for your
faces we're doing dailies in December
Lemoore birthday footage birthday
footage will be celebrating Emily for a
week no more birthdays that's whipped
Aniki restaurant buzz eek okay see you
guys tomorrow
kisses are you hiding your ice cream
eating MA we love you guys thank you
what's that you're doing you're hiding
your eyes there goes Brooke is getting
good okay hurry you doing hot rod come
here ooh watch her let me try that Lena
give him a week and he'll be able to
prou about it good job to show off for
you guys yeah Cammie let's see em
Eastern good job dude you did it how do
you all right here goes Emmy job all the
kids will be Pro hoverboard riders
pretty soon
okay hasta lasagna lasagna you can often
Lihue ever you wanna hahaha your regular
guy but you try to be something
we are
in the shade
time
Oh
