just trying it on the treadmill you
nervous not sure what's going to happen
but uh we'll find out guys check it in
summer during my birthday I was hanging
out
happy birthday FK to him happy birthday
till Andrew this city is looking
gorgeous today people it's just exciting
to be in its midst amongst the hustle
and bustle of the people you know
singing happy birthday
you are alive on the earth my friend I'm
an embarrassment of it I'm again I
should congratulate him I'm nervous hey
oh what's this
whoops-a-daisy there's a book for you
right there fat dad fat kid available
now for pre-orders we're going into the
studio to practice this will mess up as
you know how Gavin always messes up
every time he's on speed like having
quit missing a bullet this is the
activity it is done it is finished I
love the body must flow has gone man
thanks we're on set now
did you I think I said made in women to
squeeze this
in unitel - I think here - get out you
ready here we go there yes all right all
right all right we just did our very
first segment area so what do you think
it was good it was perfect I'm gonna
embarrass a little bit I'm a-goin I
should need to congratulate him oh yeah
come on yeah he's me yeah we know - dr.
oz and Gavin kiss they sir she was
fantastic but yeah but he's a superstar
he was a finish that guy six goals of
one soccer game catch up to the sister
on the ring for worried about that the
audience up do they were they were
cracking up okay so first segments down
now they're setting up for our second
segment we got to go fix the fries all
right they're just wrapped you're like
how do we do it was good it was really
good something about a birthday for
Gavin's had to give my football my last
one we didn't tell him that it was
Gavin's birthday so dr. oz gave him a
football and he's signing it nice in
return he's gonna sing something for
maybe he's doing all right Gavin see
my cheese menu 270 yeah kill it kill it
nice job nice job
Dec guys checking in summer during my
birthday don't hang up happy birthday
birthday to him happy birthday to kids I
ordered Gavin his own comedy comedian
for his birthday I said happy birthday
you get to hang out at Bassmaster all
night let's try making one of his
world-famous lines right now ed
Bassmaster dude we're done we nailed I
think what do you think honest review
did you like the show it was so much fun
dr. oz was cool right um did we vlog the
football it's back in the hotel room a
weird times we're walking hey I'm
walk-in here but I'm vlogging here you
guys know hey maybe that's the chest you
guys are beautiful Wow hi I'm gonna meet
you guys
anyways we're on the dr. Oz Show I think
it went really well dr. Oz was quite a
gentleman funny nice kind caring guy
could never had a better experience he
didn't kiss me you saw your excellent
dancing excellent dancing Gavin would
answer your birthday dude it's his
birthday he wants to do a birthday dance
wait a minute that's not like a
burlesque theater is it what are you
giving my kid over there what is that Oh
Chicago all right well half for Less are
anyways it's Gavin's birthday he's 12
years old
happy birthday thank you thanks sir hey
sir thank you well it's a man now Mazel
Tov oh we're gonna go try to find Gavin
a hoverboard he wants to hover
actually I want him to get once I'm
gonna steal it I'm gonna ride it all the
time look at this son I want to get out
there let's go see the Statute of
Liberty go look at the ocean of those
clouds here we go zooming through and
glorious sunshine and clouds on the
other side happy birthday give it I'm
walking here alright so final review on
the day it was a success that was the
reason we came here so that we could
promote our book on the dr. Oz Show what
an opportunity if you guys haven't
please support the new book fat dad fat
kid we are very proud of it and we think
that it will serve a lot of you well
look at this there's cabbage right here
you can eat healthy in New York City so
check it out pre-orders available now
we're gonna go celebrate Gavin's
birthday okay we'll find some presents
and food
his heart grew three sizes that day so
we're trying to get on this big
Jumbotron that's in the middle of Times
Square because Gavin wants to be able to
look there I am like Jumbotron in Times
Square so we're waiting here in the
promenade
we'll wait you to the Private Eye before
you'll get some dinner it's a whole
network of escalators and elevators
these are the old wooden Macy elevators
that we're in right now in New York City
right below the Empire State Building
look at these we're on level one and a
half okay so we are in search of the
elusive hoverboard forget it's so
magical in here look at all the
Christmas decorations all right we found
what he wanted I know that we probably
could have got it cheaper and Bart Baker
pike guy sent us like six for three but
he wants one and it's his birthday so
we're getting them one you guys wanna
we're gonna steal it but we'll buy it if
we have to hi joke's on him now he has
to carry that thing twelve blocks back
to our hotel no don't you see Casey nice
tats video they have bigger issues to
attend to they don't care about
hoverboards yeah guys didn't see Casey
nice dad's blog he rode one of these
around the city in front of cops in and
out of cop cars they don't care here it
is right there Gavin if you're gonna
really be a singer you got to sell out
Madison Square Garden
that's what Taylor Swift done she done
sold every ticket in that place I hear
they're gonna take that down though is
there any truth to that huh New Yorkers
are they getting rid of Madison Square
Garden I heard that Gavin's carrying the
hoverboard we're headed back to the W in
Times Square well in an example to work
smarter and not harder Gavin came up
with this great solution then we
experienced in Salt Lake City which is
called bass hum dude twenty bucks to
drive you on his motorcycle and by
motorcycle I do not mean that at all
this is a rickshaw I didn't call it a
rickshaw
Oh Rick startled Oh Rick oh wow that guy
named Rick he's like I'll show you I'll
show you how to do it then they call the
rickshaw oh dude we should be riding the
hoverboard but instead we're in this
little trailer - this city is looking
gorgeous today people it's just exciting
to be in its midst amongst the hustle
and bustle of the people you know sang
it happy birthday you are alive on the
earth my friend
twelve full years you've been here in
mortality pretty dang cool oh man this
poor guy it's windy we're in the luxury
of an enclosed encasement where the wind
cannot touch our skins peace what are we
doing now what's next on the agenda we
got the energy some dinner but first
we're gonna practice this in the hotel
room I think what we might do is just
hang out in the lobby for the rest of
night riding this bad boy laughter all
right we're in the hotel and Gavin hi
dad go get his hoverboard here we go on
the elevator can you do it oh do that's
fancy dancing music oh wait for me wait
for me
yes birthday birthday dancing music
birthday you dance and music on the
scooter music do the game why did the
button but I
alright so me and Gavin are on a hallway
hoverboard adventure trying to find
places we can ride this thing so we
thought let's go down to the gym maybe
there's a spot here do you think they
have a designated all that well you
gotta push I'm an idiot
you gotta push gotta push maybe they
have a designated hoverboard area
hoverboarding through here dude get on
the treadmill and do it no Victoria
can we argue that's the perfect floor
for doing this we're in New York City
where does a wannabe technology happy
birthday to best what mercy well I'm a
pretty good dad I guess huh do you love
it
dude they are fun they're addicting yeah
here vlogging me I want to do it I know
it's like you see anything those
ridiculous those are educators once you
get on you start to get like oh now I
see what everybody wants
here
looks like dad's showing me up right as
I turn it on I was gonna say he's going
to show me up with his skills but
but then if you fail dance move it's
really a hard call just trying it on the
treadmill and I'm really nervous not
sure that's what happened but uh we'll
find out I think it goes like 15
no like it's barely wide enough to chew
oh this is gonna end this with me okay
right you see everything in New York
City even a white macaw having a coffee
and a donut if you watch him he's about
to dip it in his he has decaf of course
because he already has a high beating
heart naturally it's fed up but you know
he loves to have his macaroon and dip it
in his decaf
here's Lona hahaha oh burden is doughnut
yeah everybody miss Burnitz having his
doughnut please do not disturb him there
on the table god yeah I'm Tom Burke
who's that is he on YouTube it's getting
recognized ed Bassmaster thumbs as
videos up dude look at that guy's that
guy's hair did I like your hair that's
cool here
you guys no ed anyways back to the dirt
look look the bird has gained a crowd
where is what
get out of here I'm eating my doughnut
here oh my in the back of an advanced
minister picture you guys need just
photobombed ed his log
Oyama this is the Shaytards dot-com /a
charts check them out they're pretty rad
I don't know he's making a noise my ears
just whispered something to me what's
what's up okay really how I get itself I
gotta get a selfie with Gavin it's about
to sign what are you doing
all right Gavin sign in this very first
book dude
your very first signed copy is going to
ed Bassmaster yes very first copy dude
that's awesome
yo yo yo yo yo yo hey so we're on a
mission we just got a box of books tell
all right so we got this box of books
that we're gonna sign on now we can I go
so I in New York and we're gonna hide it
and then when you tweet about it and
then see who finds it let's sign it
Gavin so we're gonna sign it and then
we're gonna go hide it and we're going
to tweet where it is and then we'll see
who gets it first so first fat dad fat
kid book going out but you guys can come
and hide it with us k where should we
hide it I was thinking over by those red
stairs right down there in Times Square
yeah
where should we hide it we'll go find a
place okay we're gonna sign it then
we'll go down outside of it cops pockets
oh cool dude there's cops down there
with machine guns all right I'm gonna
sign this bad boy rat not you okay here
sign your second ever book
okay there's Gavin Butler co-author
through a Fed FAQ check it out
pre-orders available now be available in
Barnes & Noble in the United States of
America on December 29th what's going on
here a little extra face yep Lex your
eyeballs it's at hola
what's going on what is going on okay
let's go find a place to hide this here
we go
okay hey we just tweeted the video and
now we're hiding we're waiting to see
him somebody shows up and we've been
here for seven hours no just kidding
okay okay okay Gavin give it to him
first copy to this kid good to meet you
to give me bounce he knew it too he just
sauce we're just standing here thanks
mom we're not weird we're people on the
Internet tell her we're not weird okay
do it read that alright good to meet you
dude were you coming to get that book
it's better than he got it do you think
that he'll agree totally that she okay
why dude wait one what's his name okay
update update update dude I'm so glad
that that happened that was perfect I
was doing we were just so he tweeted
that the book was there yeah and then
only then we stood there for like tanada
nobody cares random guy was interviewing
us for Chanukah and then he came and
then
that's the abbreviated version Lenny at
Canton was just on the blog locked
biingo's shaycarl he came over and I was
like dude you want a book and so he got
the very first copy and he even goes he
goes tell em me and ABI said hi like you
stay away from my daughter's little kid
that was exactly the way it ought to
have been he was the person that kid was
the person that needed that book in my
opinion I believe that that we cross
each other's paths in this life on
purpose and for a reason I believe that
can read that book and grow up to do
great things
good to meet you dude Edie yo what did
you get here oh it's all gonna beat you
all right we just met a viewer
apparently or just a really crazy girl
who's crying though what's your name
Megan Megan where are you from I am -
that's cool we might be headed there in
June for a wedding so maybe keep your
eye open for us yeah yeah we need to
take a selfie now gotta go bye get off
there young man with your cloud shocker
we are in the movies in the movies
Martin movie let's go to the movie let's
go see the straws cops around it's
embarrassing whoa talk about defying
gravity geez David Blaine what's going
on let's go see okay here we go we're
gonna go see Creed it's that a rock you
wanna take that can you do it up this
entire flight oh don't tell your rotator
cuff up there he goes oh you're getting
you're getting in trouble there beeping
at you don't tell you a rotator cuff
Edward do that that requires a lot of
core strength a lot of core strength -
impressive
right we gotta go all right dude it's
escalators four days up in this joint
head I don't know I don't know if that
requires a lot of core strength not it
requires lawyers kind of stay on till
you get to the top I had bassmaster
rockin the new tricks and clothing
beanie check out now to figure it out
check it out going to the movies the
fine brothers in New York City hey fine
brothers Rafi Betty oh dude that's cool
the fine brothers right there as we go
to the movies with ed Bassmaster it's a
small YouTube world all right that's a
wrap on Creed good movie really it's the
last rocky isn't it what'd you say
hey genuinely though good movie yes
totally recommend it you Jones up to two
uppercuts up Gavin what's your
recommendation on the movie that makes
you want to punch an actor does it it
was good huh look these guys are
punching here vlog me right let's see it
dude let's see it lets see it show it to
me I can't come on I can't get a coin
Tommy good movie guys okay we'll see you
next week yeah they are will be there
being you work on your punches I'll see
you in the ring good movie go see it
three all right here comes Rocky now
done to the run to the run Tonto did it
well we're just messing around now it's
1:00 in the morning it's a school night
too young man here gonna be skipping
school tomorrow and you're staying up
till 1:00 in the morning in New York
City you gotta quit smoking so much - we
don't tell that on the vlog guys Gavin
Tom Gavin any last words on your
birthday it's midnight it's like almost
1:00 in the morning we saw the 10
o'clock news
now we're back happy birthday brother
thank you happy birthday thank you see
you guys tomorrow
we're doing dailies in December yo we in
New York your regular guy but you try to
be something
we are
Oh shame
in the shade
