it's an airplane this airplane
alright Gavin do want to show them your
new contraption hey everybody what's
going on welcome to the Shaytards vlog
shaycarl here we're at JFK International
Airport I'm with my son who is on a
hoverboard because that's what he wanted
for his birthday so that's what he got
because he's a spoiled brat anyways
we're heading home back to our family
we're missing them very much and we have
a long day of traveling ahead of us and
so this is the vlog for today the
periscope show that we did yesterday and
this little clip but like I said I got a
backpack Ronald is about yeah did I say
the backpack for footage yeah but I was
wondering if the thing got cut footage I
don't know we got a lot of bird pain
footage I can't remember if that got in
there or not anyways this is today's
vlog yes that's all you're getting for
today but we still got a vlog up but we
have to fly on an airplane back to Idaho
but tomorrow will be a 30 day birthday
bash by Gavin we got a lot of footage
it'll be back and forth between me and
mom okay I love you guys
I'm flying on an airplane right now
we're an upload this right now and we'll
see you tomorrow
straight towards daily in December by in
the studio so let's flip the camera flip
it over how do you how do you flip a
switch on this thingy here but hey
everybody look people are starting to
come say hi how's it going we are here
in New York City in our hotel room watch
out for a weird ed Bassmaster taking
selfies in the background
it's Gabby's birthday you guys are see
what I got you want to show them yes
okay Gavin wanted one of these for his
birthday
so I said all right we'll go get you one
of them contraptions and get you all
skinny won't push around on the floor
and it a new technology we have you got
dear M dear
do not break your neck young man
you know mom how mom mad would be hot
words flip them switch them Oh Edward
Ed's been hilarious
alright Gavin tell these people about
this item we picked up today so exciting
look you guys we wrote a book it's a
favorite part yeah tell me about it in
what do you think about the the TV show
we went on the dr. Oz Show today oh go
get it dude
so dr. oz is a stud the guy is top notch
very nice friendly wasn't he he was cool
he didn't he didn't seem like a celeb
readjust like a nice guy right and when
we were a backstage he just came walking
back and just chatted with us anyways
gave gavin a football what does it say
on there yes saying you can do anything
dr. oz I think that says Gavin that's a
G ha ha it kind of does look like an S
let's see
that's Gavin but it kind of does look at
it says scene but he did he said you can
do anything which is really dr. oz he
signed it dude isn't that cool really is
what this book is about if you get into
it if you buy it you will read it
look hey there's not only words Gavin
show the pictures pictures show the
pictures I was saying to David our our
publisher today at Simon & Schuster I'm
like I like a book that has pictures in
it look at that guy
that was a lot of cheeseburgers ago dude
you don't want to see that guy coming at
you down the 405
I was 90 feet tall back when that was
taken dude that is a big bearded buffalo
of a man right there
yeah you can have it you know and then
check out showing the other photos
there's other photos but there's also
words we wrote words that's when we
first moved to Los Angeles California my
friend z103 pictures Gavin and Shay very
first time skiing that was my that's one
of my very first youtube video attempts
with a buddy named ron that was a Chris
Farley impression I was trying to rock
there what else any other pictures
pre-order the book now oh look there's
Malachi bless his heart look at Malachi
in the truck this is one of my very
favorite pictures of the kids in the
early years with our first dog Malachi
in the back of the truck look at that
dude good times anyways please check it
out I tweeted it the other day of this
little thing it's not a diet book it's
not about the number on the scale what's
it about yeah it's about the stuff we
can do with our bodies and how we use
them and you just want to be able to do
cool stuff with your body
like I said in here about jumping over a
deer if you can jump over it doesn't
matter what the number on the scale says
if you can use your body to jump over a
deer that's all you want it for you want
to be able to use your body to
experience the cool moments in life so
it's a motivational book it's a
practical tips book about how to stay
motivated how to use your body how to
feel good in your body that's the point
of it all so because you want to be able
to feel good you wanna be able to do fun
things and enjoy your body and be
healthy and not have to hold your breath
when you bend over cuz you got too much
chubba so please fat that fat kid
pre-order it now it will be in Barnes &
Nobles everywhere when and December 29th
December 29th and
can you guys get at a selfie stick over
here Gavin with the jokes
Gavin's 12 years old sing it with me
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
Gavin Gavin Butler is my co-author son
and best friend
oh we're gonna go out to dinner if you
hear the sirens in the background here
let's show you let's bet on you ooh I'm
ugly when I bend over do you see those
ugly wrinkles around my eyes oh look
we're in New York City
PayPal New York City see order now
available pre-order and then audible.com
will have the audiobook a seven and a
half hour version
it's seven hours me and Gavin read it it
took us three days in a foam booth pit
and it was exhausting but we did it so
selfie do you get that right angle on
that salt selfie you got it all right
we're going out to dinner
Gavin's gonna be scoot scooting around
but I hear that these are illegal in the
city but if you've seen my good buddy
Casey nice tats he drove one of those
around cops cars and they didn't say
anything to them so do you want to try
that you want to risk it you want to
bring it out there they're heavy so if
you can't ride it you have to carry it
and it sucks cuz they're like 50 pounds
or so okay everybody see you later
me and Gavin are headed home tomorrow
morning going back to Idaho yeah I don't
know why somebody said how's that legal
Edie yeah did you get the salt selfie I
just can't get the bread stick to match
all right see you guys later please
support the book we think you're really
gonna like it thank you and shout out to
dr. oz for having us on today check out
the Instagram for the pictures Hey a
little side note Gavin
whose idea was this
lime green this is Gavin's idea so if
you guys see this lime green and you're
like I really like the way that lime
green looks gavin decided on that color
I think it really pops I really like it
what are your sake check it out your
birthday shout for a brand new YouTube
day today one year older and wiser to do
happy birthday to you smell my feet give
me something every day if we don't I
don't care
also County as your way
