my boys leaving an eleven-year-old boy
in the old returning young man whose
birthday is it tomorrow damaged but it
would be today when he's watching it
look at mister author getting out of his
limousine what whoops-a-daisy what's
that is that Time Square alright it's
early time in the morning 5:45 it's you
guys indicate just texted me one minute
ago which means he's just going to bed
my boys leaving an eleven-year-old boy
in the Oh returning a young man for 72
hours and when we come back this guy is
gonna happy a 12 year old that has been
on the dr. Oz Show on first class and in
a limo
wait'll you know I thought it said limo
but it might just mean limo service go
get my backpack you guys I didn't get
you a ticket you have to write it in
here okay that'd be bad bike we're
leaving back before you know what it is
not very warm at 6:00 a.m. when you're
filling up gas you leave those ice
crystals the truck itself is frozen
do the breath test it's cold Gavin it's
a freezin one headed to the airport
we're out of gas we gotta fill up it's
cold
I just looks cold
jeez are those kiddie footprints in the
back of my truck
buck you're playing in the back of my
truck all right let's roll icy icy ice
morning Gavin Butler going to the
airport well my friend it's great to
have a travel companion to New York City
you ready for this it's cold and snowy
we hear it's a balmy 45 degrees in New
York City I can't wait it's gonna feel
like an oasis is that warm as our oasis
worm they just have water I don't know
look up Oasis's I'm mayor right all
right all right all right we made it we
made it we made it where we are in the
airport bathroom right now I see here
that now okay so I thought we might miss
our flight but we made it
bags are checked we got our tickets
we're about ready to get on this
aeroplane ready gap do it exciting train
your hands off
taking the stairs
taking the stairs in the public places
yesterday I can't remember if I told you
guys what we eventually did with the
treasure truck you're excited you want
to show them it's finished yes it's all
finished dear Santa thank you for all
you do
would you please bring me a treasure
truck for Christmas thank you and happy
Christmas
your friend rock and rock made sure that
we said happy Christmas instead of Merry
Christmas we thought that sounded better
good job dude
so now what we'll do is we'll put it in
an envelope and we'll put Santa's
address on it do you know where Santa
lives we're at the North Paul will put
the North Pole we'll address it to him
at the North Pole and we'll send it to
him he wanted to have plans here well
yeah you got to fold it and put it in
there can you do that part you fold it
and put it in there and then we'll put
Santa's address on it and I didn't know
what he was talking about a treasure
truck I thought he just meant like a
dump truck no dump trucks without one of
those that digs like a well I didn't
know what it was but I looked it up on
the computer because I decided if I
don't know something I can look it up
and I can find it out quickly I did and
it was an actual thing
and it helps find treasure yeah yeah
it's a real thing I thought it was a
made-up thing but I I found out that
it's a real thing so treasure truck
that's what Brock is asking for for
Christmas Avia what are you asking for
mostly well I don't know that that's
gonna happen yet oh you just got a slide
bin there very carefully so you don't
rip it you're doing a great job buddy so
how are you guys doing are you gonna
have your Christmas already I was really
hoping to have Christmas ready by
Thanksgiving it didn't happen but I'm a
lot further ahead this year than I was
last year I think I get you excited and
I want to get all this stuff and then I
just have too much stuff so I'm trying
to simplify we'll see how that goes okay
is it in there good job now do you know
how to seal it you see that part that's
shiny you lick it so that it gets sticky
and then you lick it I'm gonna look it
and seal it shut is that weird
if you want to send a letter to Sandy
you got to learn how to lick the
envelope you okay now an N what is this
good oh look you buddy
do you remember this that's your
mistletoes it's so cute
they start growing in me now okay hey
another a another a okay and then oh
crap I spelled it wrong Oh Santa sorry
okay now you just have to put a T right
here can you do that you remember what a
T looks like you have to put that in
between the end and the day because I
spelled it wrong because mom doesn't
know how to spell apparently just put
that it'll be easy
no it t t right there okay you know what
I think that'll work then I'll put his
address on there and then we'll send it
in the mail so Santa yes that is a Santa
you know Santa did it who is that guy
right there doing that guy is Kevin that
is that is dr. oz himself do you know
that that's where we're going right now
of course you know that's ridiculous
question we're headed to the dr. Oz Show
right now in New York how exciting dude
I think I just got a little bit nervous
because I saw him on a magazine in the
airport and Bruce Lee
I hope loosely it's not there to kick
our butts do refugees a dr. Oz Show
that's what we do and because I get this
repair any dinner just tell them the
truth I didn't get ready for dinner
long time I asked you to go to Burger
King because I got a certificate for the
school to get a fast yeah we do have
some leftovers that I'm planning on
doing but then she's like
starting our journey to New York and
scale with these very delicious festive
spinach are they goes baby kale salads
Oh Upsy Daisy
then our paninis showed up put your head
up higher I am sorry to end this power
ranger session I know you've only gotten
to watch it for 10 minutes time to go
let's get your shoes on
well look your toesies they need some
they need some socks on your toes Rocco
do you need sakis on your toes yeah high
kicks let me see him
whoa roundhouse roundhouse no it's time
to get up and move come on dude
commander lazybones come on come on
unhook me this is always a task taking
all of the children to do the runaround
all right nebula all right now hey CheY
yeah CheY
you and daddy bad eater do you miss
daddy hey did you miss Gavin Gavin
do you know whose birthday is tomorrow
it's Gavin's birthday did you know that
said Gavin's birthday yeah I say happy
birthday Kevin say Gavin and I
appreciate you sure I appreciate the
good example that you are to me you say
that we'll work on it you know he means
it all right yeah
head button it huh extra safety I like
that I'll attach it on the tech change
it alright are you excited okay here's
the stamp do you know where to put the
stamp you put the stamp no not gonna
stick it on yet no I know where to put
it they're gonna put the stamp right
here like this are you stick you just
stick it on like a sticker in the corner
very good alright and now you're going
to put it right here look see if this
says stamped letter so you're gonna
slide it in there can you get it in
there oh oh good you good thing you
brought a drumstick good job alright
it's on its way to Santa now good job
buddy
no it goes into a bin and then the
people that work here they sort it and
they put it in a pile of where it needs
to go and it will go on either
I don't probably go on a truck and then
a plane and then a train all the way to
the North Pole yeah cool huh alright
post sure hope you get your treasure
truck ya never know
all right so we are going to dance class
and I still looked over at the mud in
the road because you know how it gets
really dirty and slushy when there's
snow and dirt and stuff he goes oh
poopie that poopie on the road Oh poopie
thank you alright alright here we are
just landed in JFK International Airport
it's raining outside me and Gavin are
gonna go find some outfits to wear to
the dr. Oz Show we have a 10:00 a.m.
call time so tonight we're gonna head
out to New York try not to get rained on
we're gonna no I'm gonna have to get an
umbrella then we're gonna find some
outfits to wear tomorrow are you excited
then we go classic dinner now go check
into our hotel first but I think there
is like a limousine dude out here
waiting for us so we gotta go find him
and then it's like an hour drive into
the city because it's raining and it's
late everybody's gonna be commuting home
from work so it's gonna be busy traffic
here we go that's us right there is that
your name
let's go with this guy there
it's cold in New York Steamies it's like
a fog is drifting through the city or
just leaving JFK right now very excited
very giddy for that bad boy
so that stuff in there is rad Oh dance
and cheer are now over and we're eating
you know what sometimes it's okay
not everyday or even like a couple of
times a week would probably not be good
either but sometimes it's okay can I
just tell you how adorable you are with
your little leg warmers and your boots
and stop look at these two you have
video games in their bags hey guess what
boys whose birthday is it tomorrow
damage but it would be today when he's
watching her if there's one thing you
want to say to Kevin say it to him right
now have the reductant
a slushie through here say happy
birthday was much less what do you want
to say to Gavin Gavin through the best
brother ever
I just seen it yeah there goes that one
alright do you have anything to say to
gammon yeah it's right in the limo
me my he has a limo service but I don't
know if that means he's riding in a limo
it just means there's a car picking him
up anyway how you birthday gout and we
love you so much look at mr. author
getting out of his limousine what
whoops-a-daisy what's that is that time
squaring that's time squared
here we are dude staying at the W how
fancy Oh Missy Elliott's in our room you
guys were here in New York we have to
share a room with Missy Elliott she's
just hanging out think no he's just
kidding jokes we making the jokes with
our words here we are we are in our room
yes this is Times Square over here you
excited yes New York City we just got
here we're starving so we ordered some
of what they call push a button and
bring food to your room
we like that service that they have it's
called push up I didn't bring food to
your room hi would you like to push a
button and bring food to you room it
works really great I got you're taking
hangers so we got a call time we have to
be down at dr. Oz's studios tomorrow big
TV stuff little nervous I mean I'm a pro
you must be way nervous not too much
we're gonna nail it we know what we're
talking about it's not like they're
gonna give us any like surprises because
we're talking about our book that we
wrote so we'll know all the answers to
the questions he's not like a test
anyways here we are in the hotel room
missing the family big day tomorrow if
you have it pre-order your books tell
them Galvin can we order now they're
gonna be out December 29 did you tell
about the audible it's on audible.com
yeah we recorded our own audiobook which
actually the audiobook is a completely
different product than the book it's not
completely but I add livid livid and we
had limited limited in it we added some
lipids in the audiobook so it's not the
exact same thing so if you pre-ordered
the book check out audible and get the
audiobook because we have some funny
things we added in the audiobook I'm
pumped to listen to the audiobook it's
seven hours long it took us three eight
three days to record it so check it out
bet that back head we're going to the
dr. Oz Show tomorrow you can pre-order
books online they'll be available
December 29th or get it on audible.com
and listen to us read it to you you
can't read but that's okay we still love
you okay all right Gavin okay all right
hi Gavin birthday and you know what
twelve years ago today which is actually
the day before your birthday but you'll
see this on your birthday I think your
father and I were awaiting your arrival
and you were actually late you were
supposed to be born on November 27th but
you did not want to be born on November
27th so we I was induced on December 3rd
and then you came into our world and you
changed it forever for the better and we
love you and I'm so grateful for you
you're such a good boy
and you're turning into a wonderful
young man not gonna cry so we just
wanted to see you happy birthday
- birthday shout / ray bram you want me
to youtube dated a one year older and
wiser too - happy birthday to you smell
my feet give me something every day
baby don't I don't care also County as
you're ready okay yeah
you're the son faces one by one we wanna
thank you
the matter my child they're gonna spot
you right in the bed and then we'll run
to the head of the miles make it a smile
no matter the situation heart that's
headed for breaking static in all the
stations like conversation where we can
come play stay back day by day you the
son in blue faces one by one
