do it again Brock what just peek through
quietly or growl Chris weird rocks do it
again I want to see morning you guys so
high
something really adorable just happened
and I had to vlog about it
Brock has been asking me mom how do we
get Santa to know what we want and then
to put under your tree because he has a
little tree in his room he wants a
present under his tree yeah so tell him
what we need to do I do like we need to
write a letter
so I said hold on a second mom's doing
something and then I'll come help you
write a letter so he brought me a piece
of paper and you said okay mom I wrote a
letter can you send it to him I said I
looked at it I got your letters that
what you want for christmas he was I
wrote a letter ha ha ha
like oh yeah you're right you wrote what
letter did you write Abby Abby that's so
that's a really good letter but that's
not the kind of letter that I'm talking
about but I'll help you write an actual
letter it's a note that you would write
the Santa to tell them what you want so
not just one letter it's going to be a
note that says exactly what you want for
Christmas and then we're going to send
it in the mail to him and then we'll put
a stamp on it and we'll send it in the
mail ok sound good
unless you just want the letter B for
Christmas oh he wrote a letter he did
exactly what I told him to do so good
job I wanna get aa
ah I want to get a treasure you Shrek or
what a treasure
truck a treasure truck what's a treasure
truck
it's like those trucks left the Super's
round you go outside you know flip me
two beeps out and that means something
before then you have to dig it up Oh
like a tractor type truck they didn't
trust you bought it then you dig it
oh so you can dig for treasure I get it
a dig a treasure truck I think so
I think I know what you're talking about
treasure truck yeah I saw it on one of
your shows that you like to watch yeah
it's like that bird but to trip I would
go speakers okay let's write it on the
letter to Santa okay all right I am
cooking dinner now I've never tried this
recipe it's just like an Italian chicken
but since I'm not gonna have time before
dinner to cook very much I'm going to
cook it now put it in the crock-pot Oh
won't see how it's going it's not three
liked I'm just letting the camera okay I
use my arms to cook and then my feet to
vlog you guys are quite my foot right
now weird huh we're so hilarious a B on
three team showing you how is cool good
you want a daily vlog thing I mean we're
used to that we know how to do that but
we haven't done it consistently for a
while like we put up a few videos a week
you know so this is everyday blogs in
December I hope you guys enjoy it I hope
that I can make it interesting and
excitement for you yeah Jay on the
cooking show or just an experience
come on at first tip I'm making food
don't run this is born in the crock pot
I'm the host but today I have Anna
what's for a visitor that's what it's
called I probably couldn't do this a
little bit more efficiently if I just
brought the crock-pot over here but you
have to make things hard for myself so
I'm not going to do that I'm just going
to keep you know so moving the back door
but she does it she gets the raw meat or
whatever it is add this and that she
flips it with this and then she comes
over here implicit business and then she
flips it with this like butter we have
and then she put it here and I flipped
it when it's ready and then lift it in
the crock-pot so when it's time for
dinner
they're all ready and you'll have yummy
inner tummy pasta yeah so we can still
have pasta spaghetti pasta sushi and
gyrators that's a favorite food yes
see you next time of the cooking show
we're in the doll for all those real
often alternatives to get that I tried
it in your face oh sure you don't mind
get your bag weird anyways we're here
because this guy has been coughing for
two weeks straight and we're going to
fix it I was hoping it'd go away but
it's not I'm not going okay we're back
from the doctor Gavin you wanna tell
them the news I'm a huge sadness
infection and I have to take these pills
yeah he looked up your nose and he said
it's a war zone in there
and they're huge and so I cut I cut them
in half and then I take one half at a
time but I can't I didn't get to the
first worth half tears sir you're so
cute well at least he's honest he was
like I ate wallowing feels have you ever
before is this your first time
swallowing a pill no that is a big pill
oh my gosh no my first they're big pills
though my first one jobs like if you
don't swallow that's five minutes I'm
gonna get it done
it was literally like like I got home
from school and it was like my medicine
or something and then it was like oh no
stare time I stood there yeah I mean you
can you can chew it it's just gonna
taste horrible
so anyways sinus infection but but at
least we're getting it taken care of
finally and dinner sorry we did not vlog
before dinner but we were starving when
ravenous who went ahead into step joven
here's the chicken and did you guys like
it especially with the pasta chicken
yeah we did angel hair pasta and then I
actually made this salt yeah I miss that
sauce well I thought I burnt it but it
actually tasted really good so mixed it
and mixed it with another sauce and I
made it with fresh tomatoes onions and
garlic and basil and bunch of other
spices so it turned out really good I
was really proud the noodle dated you
guys can we address the topic at hand
right now noodle that's the topic the
noodle dance guys actually the topic I
was gonna say is is look at our house
stuff over here there's stuff over here
there's a few things just a few things
over here
and this there was a Christmas tornado
last night that hasn't been addressed
fully yet there's a random tree because
I was getting out to see how big it was
and now um yeah so here we are but the
tree looks fabulous and the funny thing
about this tree is I love the white
lights I love the way it makes the room
glow and I just I've always loved the
white lights on the tree
brach however loves the colored lights
so every time he comes in here and the
lights are white he switches it to
colored and then I come in here I switch
it back and so it's kind of a game now
oh he keeps switching it to the colored
are you gonna switch it if he agrees
with me
she likes the white lights cuz if it's
colorful that it what like it these are
all the same colors it's organized and
it blends you're right she's like me she
has a brain that wants things to be
organized you want it to be very set and
and Brock's like colors
would you say that we have a problem
with micromanagement I think we both
have that problem but I think I've
learned to let go of it a little bit
since I've had you guys oh yeah well you
always had it I had to let go of it
because of you you know why because
every day when you were three years old
you had to get yourself dressed and I
could not pick her outfit you would not
let me I would try so hard and you would
say no and so you would take off
whatever I made you put on and you would
put on your own thing really
and you've been doing that since you
were three oh so I had to let go of my
micromanaging tendencies I know what
when I was too tired to get up I like
you becoming off it and then when I got
up when you push on my back I've put it
back and then change until you like
never mind I'm begging um you know what
we're gonna have to have dad do the star
because even with I try to shoot it and
sit her mom and even with the ladder it
is to Tyler with me a dad's treat and
dad's shoulders I got to cook fake
forever yeah so I'm gonna make and do it
last night but then I forgot so we'll
have to wait till he gets home - what -
do I need to do yeah it's fun isn't it
that's why I love Chris my coordinate
this is so many fun things at Christmas
anyways dad is at trixin and we'll see
him in a few hours on you again 1
million hi cone hi punch in about
traffic cinnamon mmm
Alex sign-ins some posters today hey if
you still order a cameraman poster I'm
in here signing it hon Derek sign in
five minute order one now I'll find it
for you
what yeah cuz he takes that for me like
to put tuck his upper lip under his
teeth do it
what I love you so Gavin and Naevia and
Emmy and Brock actually we're all just
fighting on which part they were in this
bear on the birch song because I was
listening to the dog that shape it up
yesterday and at the end that he we're
singing in the background just singing
along with Christ was born and Gavin was
singing the harmony with me and I didn't
even realize that yesterday when we were
singing that he was singing woman so it
looks like we might be doing it - you're
sure talker so it looks like we're gonna
have to put together some type of
harmony song we have been working you
guys on some music and learning songs
but we actually haven't worked on any
harmony parts as a family I'm excited I
am excited to show you guys when we
finally put something together and sing
it for you when we have harmony because
we do singing together but we don't find
out harmonies yet but the kids are
learning what's the lawsuit this fellow
tree take well don't fall on the tree
because then the tree will fall over
I can't it is very very sick wait wait
hi I think I do see you actually okay Oh
any I'll see you at peak again I mean I
want to see you are you to focus they do
it again do it again
he's good I get it crap I do see you I
just can't focus on you let me try again
Emmy
is absolutely scary wait wait hey do it
again Brock what just peek through
quietly or growl Chris weird Brock do it
again I want to see my god
all right it's time for evening prayers
Amy
no more redecorating okay
why we do a lot of redecorating for
christmas which i think is the fun part
you know I used to really stress out
about having a really nice-looking tree
and making sure all the ornaments were
perfect but it's just fun to just
decorate and let the kids play because
if you stress how to love it then it's
not fun anymore Christmas is supposed to
be fun especially for the little ones so
they can decorate and redecorate and
redecorate again and redecorate again
okay we have to do a prayer and then
Fashion Show cuz okay these guys have a
busy day tomorrow so we got a we gotta
go to bed
all right great prayer time I've been
busy see school so awesome where's your
fashion show show me you're screaming
everywhere like enter now buzz ha ha
flip in turn and hope no it is shorter
my baby dicks twist turn twist okay
that's one
hello come back turn twist twist turn
people wait why come together so I can
see you both come together let's do it
at the same time ready J twist jump pray
with that
your home oh okay you have to see the
fashion show before you can say I'm home
so wat watch wait wait turn and hoes
yeah wha our twist turn em huh okay you
need to come over and give me a kiss but
you have to walk western impose what
twist turn em hoes
so perfect I love her welcome home my
kid ma don't the tree looks great
does right it's fabulous
yeah the tree looks really good guys
simply being in here cuz I just like
spent so much time editing the montage
of us decorating his tree that night you
need to be in here cuz like I stared in
this room and you guys all day today in
the truck while I was driving down wait
you weren't driving and editing no no I
can edit Final Cut and drivers I have a
conference call - perfect perfect any
drove I brought you home some Prince's
Oh cute a it ends for you there's so bad
there's gold out already
nice yeah we're out but those are for
you day I mean nice that people are
buying them okay we'll get more guys
tonight
marry me a thousand times I wanna know
you're mine
yes so talk man
smugly till the end of time
a warning you're stalking next to mine
when were night
No
