guess what today is hmm today is the
very first day of daily December
Shaytards log's
who's excited for daily December ha ha
ha ha ha that's ridiculous
yeah are you ready to put up the truth
oh no whoa good morning everybody hold
on your face let me get it for you
looks like I'm Zeke hair Oh My heavens
to murk hold on
there we go ah clean petit hose it is
Black Friday for any of you that don't
know what Black Friday is it is the
biggest shopping day of the year day
after Thanksgiving and Shay is at the
tricks in store working that because
that's a good thing to do on Black
Friday cause hopefully there will be a
lot of people there anyways I mean Gavin
are doing our thing in the workout room
burning off those PI calories ha ha I
was awesome it was so worth it it was
worth it right Gavin he's like no
actually Gavin did really well he's been
really good about watching how much food
he eats but not me right anyway we're
working out and the kids are cleaning
the house Yeah right
I told them to plate now is they're
probably playing but I'm gonna get the
house clean that's fun it is fun it
feels good sometimes it's not fun to
actually do the work but once you get
going and you see your progress and your
house looks better you feel better
inside it it's the same with your body
when you clean it out you exercise you
feel better inside it's hard work it's
not really that fun when you think about
doing it it's more fun to sit on the
couch and watch a movie but when you get
through the hard part
you realize oh I do feel better so
that's what we're working on we're
working through the hard part so that we
can feel better party oh my goodness ok
it's good at a mile
then now we're doing 15 burpees 15
sit-ups 5 rounds of that Gavin is
actually beating me
you can't tell yet but he's beating me
he's almost done with his burpees
Sagi sir 4th huh I think I started off
strong but I started out with fire and
now I'm like good job Gavin killing it
you are working out too and he says mom
can I take my shirt off
no no what is it with guys and taking
their shirt off when they work out I
don't know he likes it you're so cool
dude oh you're doing it - let me let me
date oh that's good do it again she's
like this is the part where I hang out
on the floor and play and then I jump up
do it again good job you've only got 70
three more to go
good job you guys Gavin you're being a
good example for these boys I get it you
did it
high five good job there's a monster
ha ha do it again I dare you
let's go see my dear around ah ha ha ha
so we have been cleaning we exercise
that felt great now we've been cleaning
the house and Emmys room guys I don't
know if you remember what don't think
before but let's just say I need some
work so here it is now why is it blurry
it looks better I mean there's still a
trash bag right there
but wait okay hold on my whole life
you're finally clean yourself yes it
looks much better honey and you have
lift a few more odds and ends but it
does look better
hi how was your a lot like this time I
am gonna make your bed isn't that the
life long I'm gonna sleep in it anyways
why would I make it cuz it just feels
better like I said it feels better when
things are clean and put together for me
Bethany's hello hello hello guess what
today is
hmm today is the very first day of daily
December Shaytards logs that is correct
we're gonna do Shaytards logs every
single day this month all 30 of them is
okay just look at that sky can we just
appreciate that for a minute
goodness gracious it's so Orange it's
time to do a school project
hi step everyone know I do the cooking
show well today how we do the science
show it's based on energy and we're
going to change a showerhead to get more
to save more energy in our house it's
part of us to save water and to have a
better showerhead shot yet have a better
trainer because it's shiny okay so we
have a school project to do we're going
to be changing a tell us maybe I'm a
selfie with me teaching a showerhead to
save energy
for our house and a big water save water
and it's also a school project it's
mostly force Columbus showing it to you
guys cuz I died this week I came to my
cooking show but I can do my science
show it's for energy so started your
sungkyu school projects and I've never
actually changed a showerhead so this is
going to be in
okay turn up where it is therefore
lighting here we should change a light
bulb first everywhere you have no more
light bulbs with your energy project why
I need to again German what in the
garage okay I'll go find one okay we
decided we didn't want to change the
light bulbs we're going to do this okay
okay so wrap it around it leads to Cairo
this is to Tackett the water the gallons
per minute okay so I've got my stopwatch
I didn't take my stopwatch as you yes I
guess ready
wait no stop oh shoot I wasn't quite
right one okay I think you have to to
the net one second no I think you have
to dump it off pump it out sorry sorry I
was actually ready to push I know I was
and then I wasn't so I mean I was ready
but I didn't push the button you're
ready
what is ready mother wants us as well
okay because I was like yeah let's do
this but then I was like oh yeah I have
to push the button below
yeah okay hold it ready right oh yeah on
your mark set go
and stop thank you - okay everybody
seconds no okay I had to get home okay
now see what it says on the back okay I
just dumped it out we it was it tested
one gallon per minute so says this will
prevent any washers regret from yeah
this is the part where we actually screw
the shower head off so let me show you
what to do okay this is going to take
both of us to do this so we're getting
Brock to be our cameraman come here pick
up hold the camera for us yeah why not I
know you know how to do it okay you hold
the camera on us and show people what
we're doing with the showerhead okay
okay you're doing tingey yeah I need a
bigger one
okay cut I didn't want another - okay ba
ba ba uh-huh honey can always use this
one well that is what is it okay we
couldn't find another crescent wrench
we found another bike so grip things so
try I don't know what's happening so
this is all yours I don't need to know I
know I need to know can you hold
I just miss adjusting okay the line okay
we're going to take a shower head off so
you're gonna hold that part of it try
not to I don't want it whatever okay hey
Mon time yes I do
oh this is the same exact thing we
wouldn't have a tweet down so we're
gonna go counterclockwise totally lefty
loosey righty tighty whitey tighties
acting odd oh yeah how am I gonna give
you a twig
you're just standing there okay yes I go
I gotta clean it what happens if we
can't turn it on don't okay now we need
to let you want to run for five to ten
seconds to flush out any residue that
might be in there surprise video give me
wait no I'm sure you turn it cuz it's
five seconds just do eight seconds five
to ten you just count it with her now so
we don't just doesn't have to be
specific it ready okay turn it on side
pressure on energy source channel I am
the host Oh a scuse me I do sorry whoops
sorry
okay just don't matter just don't get my
favorite cities oh yeah thank you start
insert it ready to a second Ready Set
cook a second
now the instructions seem to clean it
with a toothbrush and cherish and the
result that's really necessary it's not
like it's rusted or like hard water
stains or there's getting toothpaste on
it are you really mad no okay not just
dry it really good and we'll put the
tough one we got a mouthwash it right
you're in charge
I'm just micromanaging again you're
right you do your thing girlfriend I
understand that interested I'm a
micromanager it's true even Brock told
me that the other day cuz mom stop
micromanaging it was cause somebody told
him to say it but it was funny okay take
two Oh what do you think about that
accent was that a good take no money
here he says okay we just clean it off
but till the old team hola you take on
and perfection we're close let's tighten
it up more I'll tighten it up with this
and then check it alright so we just
went to the grocery store and got some
Christmas lights and OH
a lot not so we did we did stock up on
the Christmas lights we got some for the
outside we got some for the tree dirty
have some for the tree oh it's attacking
the trees attacking mom oh that's a good
little Brock present I want one of those
how there's a Daxton present under the
tree you guys excited for Christmas okay
all right I got a switch from this
festive hat into a beanie cuz I'm gonna
go outside and hang christmas lights on
the house and you know that's exciting
because it's fun to just like drive up
to your house be like oh yeah it's
Christmas time hon Jesus don't forget
don't forget Jesus Christ just doesn't
want to forget about him you know
that's the reason we're celebrating
right Chris Christ Moe's not Walmart mas
Soto is called Fred Meyer Moe's target
must I don't think it was I think yeah
it's Jesus yeah yeah that's right
everybody Jackson do you approve of
those huh that smile hey Merry Christmas
is this your berry this your very second
Christmas tree ever
yeah do you like decorating Christmas
James Oh Bravo all right we got to get a
tree skirt oh it changed colors and go
white or ooh wow so much variety that's
cool did you find oh my goodness chance
is bigger than you he's huge him and
mogera are so big yes
oh goodness kitty me to be full a dreams
ha ha ha behold
James behold you do he did this
I mean I love you but not that much hey
you guys so we are so happy because zero
got to show you we have mugs and so it
is that time of year again singing ding
all the cats are getting in now anyways
guys go check out our Twitter to bring
their sea sparrow in the bar and
some and the music if you haven't body
yeah go get it for somebody who love I
love it it didn't look naturally yeah oh
it's that time of year has in time oh no
you're my mom what will open the door
for him then we're decorating for
Christmas I'm putting up the tree we're
coming to Christian living
my baby's hiding in the Christmas lights
he's doing he's doing the thing that I
refused to do get on the ladder in the
ice yep mm-hmm oh the gears get in the
house oh he's okay okay here we go we
are hanging the lights on the house
hey I ever tell you about the time I
hung lights on the very first house we
ever bought oh yeah very first house cuz
when I was growing up I remember put
lights on our house and you know me I'm
an extremist so we're growing up my dad
would put you know you would like he
would go all out he like had a star he
would do he put some things on the trees
in the bushes and I'd be like that looks
great let's do more mm-hmm that's like
no that's fine that's plenty so I
remember the very first year we got
married I said I'm going all out Chevy
Chase Clark Griswold style and I
decorated crazy and I have not I don't
think decorated since that day I but it
was awesome you had like a different
color on every tree and it was awesome
everybody our church was like whoa your
house looks good I'm like that's right
but I never did it here after that good
I got so burned out then here we are
again it's about 15 years later I think
I'm ready to get the season again I love
decorating the house but the outside of
the house is where I will not go
it's cool think he likes the Christmas
tree okay
Emmy wait wait we don't put it on yet so
these two Emmy and Brock made a special
ornament each of them took it upon
themselves yesterday to make ornaments
for Christmas and let me see him first
can I see him a wizard of oz hey
dachshund don't be jealous
just wants to climb the water hey you
get to go next he's gonna put his
ornament on and then you can find my
yeah I love it
look at those ornaments a little present
and a big occasion I love it good job
okay these are the first ornaments going
on our tree this year
put them up - gasping let it rip them
down okay okay there we go thank you to
the christmas montage with sparrow and
the perch I'll borrow my suck roll the
good music
sing-sing sparrow in the bridge through
the winter morning ringing bells of the
church bingo think don't well the first
row settles on
to the face
to
Oh that'll winter hearts diddle winter
boxes singly Betty singly salted super
smooth oh this is Christmas Day
sing-sing sparrow in the perch through
the winter morning ring ring bells of
the church
ding don't wrap the scars and pull the
hat song join the dance along the old ha
now the morning rust clings to the
branches
and the zone
Oh that'll winter parts it'll Winter
Park say simply Socrates silly song
title super little super this is
Christmas Day
that'll winter parts in a winter but
they simply bounce dstingle some turtle
team personnel schools are this is
Christmas Day
sing-sing sparrow in a birch rain rain
bells of the church stoke the fire and
light the candle
hang the stockings from
while they all
summers
impossible things to the branches in
and so
oh then a winter farts in a winter box
and place are these daily song title to
birdsong little tool bar this is
Christmas Day that a winter parts in a
winter box a simple sound tasting salt
editing pop song well so far this is
Christmas Day
you
