yes you guys there will be a vlog today
I am actually about to edit it this is
what I had to do before I edited my vlog
I had to get the chores done because
today is December 1st 2015 merry
Christmas to you we will start today
daily December shaped our vlogs
you guys it's time to feed the cows they
are coming because I just went and woke
them up oh here comes Larry
Larry's always first we live okay good
morning everybody
it is Idaho it is two degrees
oh man is our water freezin check this
out so this is what you have to deal
with on the farm see this that's called
I see part of it this is a heater that
keeps the water from freezing it's my
job to come up here every day and make
sure it's not frozen or comes Larry come
on Larry
I got your oats I got a big bag of
carrots to come on don't be shy
there's a couple hundred people here
well there's one point four oh I need
that hold on you guys okay so first
thing dude on my gloves because I took
them off
hold on it is like I said if you're just
tuning in we're dealing with single
digits here three degrees Larry bless
his heart had to sleep outside last
night I'm building you a barn dude don't
worry about it come here okay so I just
got this hey some alfalfa hay for him
here you go what they really want is the
oh you got to eat your vegetables before
you get dessert look out of me because I
don't want that he wants his oats you go
get him I got him right in here this is
his anti bloked block look he's looking
for where those oats
yeah sure this is what is this alpha
plus is pretty good here comes the crew
hey Chuck hey Bob
where's mean Dave mean dave is always
last that's mean Dave and this is Larry
Larry has a green L and this is Chuck
Chuck D really doesn't usually know what
he's doing he just runs in and just
starts looking for stuff and bite and
stuff that's good huh boys
yes siree so they haven't seen their
oats yet look this is what he wants I
got our carrot one two should go get
their carrots I'm gonna set you guys
down I'm gonna go get their carrots you
guys watch these guys for just a minute
come on Dave don't be mean
come in here dave is the one that got
out and if you go back and watch some
Shaytards logs he's the one that we had
to chase and rope and so he has a little
bit of bitterness in his heart towards
the human species and so it's harder for
him to love because he experienced a lot
of pain yeah I know I'm just telling
them about when you got out and you
wouldn't come back in your pan we had to
row people okay listen
rice don't tell them but this is where
the oats are they have to eat the hay
first and then if they're good boys and
they their hay then they can have the
oats they love this is a sweet oats like
molasses syrup it's is like sugar for
them well it is literally it is sugar
okay carrots just carrots are a more
healthy sugar you guys stay here I'm
gonna leave you in the oats Larry I told
you you guys are spoiling them listen if
you're just gonna give them what they
want all the time then they're just
gonna be selfish okay you have to make a
meet there hey I told you I gave you
guys that chore when you saw this link I
said come help me do the chores
okay and now you're here and you're
letting Larry eat the oats before he's
finished as hey come on I need a little
responsibility out of you guys Larry you
have some responsibility to know join
your oats yet young man you need to go
eat your hay first okay that's it I have
to take the oats out because you can't
be responsible
you don't care look even mean Dave's
over here all right you guys have your
oats teasing you with them Oh baby
oats and hay okay I'm gonna give him a
hey Sam hey Sam stands here Sam I'm
gonna go get the carrots on your back
all right you guys I want to tell you a
story about me and Dave real quick so
mean Dave up until yesterday has not
been willing to eat a carrot out of my
hand you actually mean Dave's in the
back still these three honestly I've
only named Larry and Dave the other two
I think I just made those up just know
Chuck maybe but Larry is definitely the
green tagged one and then there's Dave
back there look Dave Zoey's in the back
anyways you guys story about Dave areas
see I know that's Dave because I can see
those eyes those eyes charged me like
four times the day we were trying to
catch anyways Dave ate a carrot out of
my hand yesterday for the very first
time and he has not trusted me to get
close enough to me to eat out of my hand
but you see hunger will do that to a guy
Dave's been really hungry because you
know there's no more grass out there
it's all frozen so they have to rely on
me for their food so when you start
relying on old shaycarl everyday for
your food you start to love him
come here Dave let's show these people I
ain't lying to please Dave we had a big
connection yesterday now that he has
this big pile of hay I'll show you yes
let's be accurate here you go Larry you
wanna be first they're not gonna eat a
carrot while they have oats on the
ground
there when I get it okay this is what
I'd like to get for my cows you guys
they're organically grown they're good
for you they're good for the planet you
know these are those good old juice and
carrots if you want to say it in the
Espanyol that's waste they'll cut out to
be a quick fix all right here you go
it's carrot eating time really I'm
spoiling them cuz they don't need the
oats the hay and the carrots but you
know my cows get the best don't they yes
they do no no eat my hand don't eat it
don't eat my hand you just need to care
it boy
that's a discussion you wash your mouth
off dude there's 2,000 people watching
this oh there's Dave Oh Dave bless your
heart you did it Dean okay backs away he
backs away day of our trust is growing
stronger that was a good moment right on
camera David dude David's doing good um
okay so anyways that's my chores
I got to figure out there must be a
freeze in the hose because the water is
coming through look what we had to do so
we have this hose coming down from the
well oh my gosh I have switch hands my
hand is freezin mention it's three
degrees out here when I was looking on
my weather app it said right at sunrise
it was supposed to get to zero degrees
and then it was gonna go up from there
but so here's our hose this is cool the
guys are all here live hi guys thanks
for the Hat comments these will be
probably live on Trix and calm today
anyways so here's the deal we have a
trough for their water hey hey hey no
yeah no hey yeah yeah yeah you do not
grab the back carrot these are my
carrots so hey you get out of here yeah
you want my carrots sorry how rude you
guys he's trying to steal my carrots and
I do not put up with anyway having cows
is hard these guys they kick the
freaking they always kick the water
heater out of the trough so that their
water freezes and then we had to get
this styrofoam this hose that I bought
is a rubber hose that's supposed to be
rated to like negative 20 and then see
this black pink this button right here
this is what's called heating tape if
I'm holding it right now and it's warm
it's plugged into this extension cord
this extension cord is running the heat
to this heating tape which are zip tied
to this hose to try to keep the hose
from freezing
well it wasn't working because I can
tell even right now there's ice in this
so we had to go buy some of this stuff
you just fallen off this is part of
being a farmer these cows probably
kicked it off so now I have to wrap the
hose back in the styrofoam so it'll keep
from freezing so that the water will go
to their trough so they won't get
thirsty and they're over here trying to
steal my carrots buttheads yes you guys
there will be a vlog today I am actually
about to edit it this is what I had to
do before I edited my vlog I had to get
the chores done because today is
December 1st 2015 merry Christmas to you
we will start today daily December 8 our
Fox Larry what you think of that
Larry's excited CheY give them a little
bit more oats you guys because I did
have a little bit more in a bucket I had
bucket numbers too over here sometimes I
saved bucket number two for Dave because
like the other three will come and eat
them all up and Dave will stand back
because he's scared
so then Dave never gets any outs so then
I usually like to save him his own
little bucket but he's been doing pretty
good lately he's not been shy he's
trusting me more okay just for Oh Dave
boy he goes that's good huh yes guys the
kids are at school we just took them to
their classes all right I'm gonna go
guys
so that's feeding the cows in Idaho
these four buggers are gonna help rice
sit up here and graze the ground for any
spare oats as the other thing to watch
I'll start fighting let's start
head-butting each other whoa guys did
you know that Dave had his own pile of
oats over here hey hey Larry Chuck did
you guys know that Dave had his own pile
of oats I can't believe this oh I don't
want to just get him one more normal
I'm gonna feed him some carrots right
now few more carrots I'll give a few
more kicks okay guys I'm going to edit
the vlog daily Chatard blog miss begins
today
I love you check tricks Nell for new
hats see guys say my cows boy cause my
fingers are frozen I can't trust I
seriously can't swipe down to stop okay
dope camera hi hi guys okay I'm gonna
say good right now can love you bye
oh stop broadcast there's a button I can
push balancing the bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a
one-horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride in a one-horse open
sleigh christmas time is here with our
perfect family give sundar the tree is
that one there for me
oh look another tie
