hey guys welcome to the vegan okay you
guys ready watch this are you pumped are
you excited
please draw here thanks giving morning
2016 nope not yet you guys are part of
our lives are you ready
really
my name is Shay Carl welcome to my
youtube videos I'm so glad you found me
now let's be best friends you guys mad
at me are we breaking up are we seeing
other people are you guys are you guys
seeing other people I don't everybody
this is Batman shut your mouth
music it's downright delightful mommy
tired Thanksgiving ready a little update
haven't had about 2.6 tons of food
alright we're ready to eat we missing
anything or is the pie Zack that's the
moves and skills your honor
hi friends how's it going today how are
you all doing today here comes mommy
tarde wearing her shaycarl hat
that's sexy yeah they need light our
sparkler with love she's lighting her
sparkler with love I think something
awesome you look beautiful this morning
my spring Turkey
seriously many just don't get it it's
not fair and I ate a mushroom and I grew
and now no I get out of the phone that's
weird
sorry so offensive oh we're shopping for
things we are here at the beach on our
Thanksgiving morning we got the turkey
in it's cooking this will be the first
time giving that I've actually cooked
the dinner because I usually go to
families you know
let's see you Cru Jones riding your bike
like a stud muffin hey guys so we just
got a present from Sun tart I love you
so much mom and dad I miss you so much I
hope you come $0.50 what's a $0.50 for
well don't break with shoes okay yeah
but we're gonna be a strong bike rider
huh hey I'm going to your help a lot bro
I need an MVP performance in you today
okay keep the bar close to your shins
nice now come up I bounce it off there
drop below seriously get off your phone
sir the message on my phone or monthly
you're really shy what if you in the
middle of that circle and started
dancing and they all loved it you want
to do that
don't blink your life will go by that
happens fast
you ready play beyond no just say yes
Father I am I will prepare myself all
right now it's time folks once upon a
time there was a little girl named
Little Red Riding Hood she was going to
her grandma's house and she's oh if
you've been alive seven point two
decades how old are you on a mission to
you want to want a mission you gonna put
the turd Chuck oh good job
Preston let's see your outfit pretty
Thanksgiving gorgeous
I did are you a pilgrim Tyrell is your
pilgrim hat that is so don't fall all
right cutie face
Judy face McGillicuddy sandwich I have
not seen any of this yet she's been
working on this for the past 30 seconds
hey meet me Chad what are we stopping
for what are we getting this time Emmy
what are we getting this time at the
grocery store
baby Timmy look at me Happy Thanksgiving
Thank You Shane Oh
I think that was this first one is not
the route of use rock is such a good
little helper to set in the table
Ragnarok climber you riding the bike
you're awesome
good yet are you good at that
yeah you're really good you you don't
need long legs to ride a bike you just
needs little ingenuity and some
coordination remember next and that's
your cue and there's a little timer pant
a climber pant what are you doing right
now are you helping huh yep you have to
play the ukulele that's your job
Beethoven beautiful you get excited to
watch this on your 30 just chill excited
to watch this in your 30 when you want
some camera time - all right all right
there you go everybody sees you you're
cool you're beautiful you look good okay
okay okay
have a super bitchin I've watched all
the kids ever need any their food I've
just been watching and I want to
celebrate things to me know to myself is
it getting rascally out here boy daddy
we're out of here sad
okay I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace love harmony fight we'll see you
guys tomorrow there it is
and the skills you're on a mission to
kill the
my China pity I'm impression
just what it is
Thank You Shan and Katie they're
centered and Princess start and maybe
tardy Rock started now like I said my
wife is getting motivated to pull out
the Christmas stuff and I'm just like
are you sure he knows it just my nose
itches
you sure wanna pull all this stuff what
she is trying to pull up the Christmas
tree from downstairs it's all put
together I never take it down my nose
itches I don't really want to help her
so you got a honey you almost got it
what do you think should we help her
guess I'll help no the kids crying we
are doing Christmas here Merry Christmas
