okay you'll have to sit this we just
recorded yep an audio book together Oh
why'd you hit me wrote a book together
ladies and gentlemen up next at knights
of the round table battling against the
Black Knight
it is rocked are the red knights dental
electorate in turn and reductant and
interrupted on tintin throw George Oh Oh
No
here he comes the Black Knight or he
could be the blonde Knight oh here we go
violence let's love don't stab I agree I
agree but God I'm the red Knight I'm
supposed to stab him
you gotta go at your own weapon dude
that's his sword you can't still his
sword
yeah you're lucky you haven't been
decapitated yet if I was a red knight I
would cut your head off so fast you're
just chilling there let me see that
horse that's cool I like that horse
what's his name the horse's name is the
knight like as referring to knights in
shining armor or the dark time bro and
monologue in over here what I'm trying
to make jokes for the Internet
and your wine in I just fed him and I
gave him some roast beef Zeke lunchtime
about the roast beef i stir it into your
dry dog food and you know mommy doesn't
like when i do that cuz sometimes you
get diarrhea when you have too much
roast beef I know it tastes good but
it's a mess to clean up when you
diarrhea in the garage okay bro hey be
nice to your brother Jackson quit being
a selfish brat you're not the center of
the world teaching people is hard
sometimes okay today we have a guest
that's why she is my footage though
because you're gonna do so what's in my
mouth challenge
it's great yeah a pepper yeah okay the
next video it is you got all your
lipstick on it first we thought it was
rib no I think it's a marshmallow oh
yeah next thing is this is me yeah okay
is it yellow
no Jim yeah next thing you really taste
like potatoes no wonder the package look
like wouldn't say it if you put them on
Stu
look Alaskan yeah what is it
welcome Louie oh yeah get you yeah you
want a clue it is the last thing that's
weird how bad catch a case well okay now
I just get this you know it's really
year out is it clear smells I know that
smells like hot dog it tastes like meat
oriented it vinegar it's vinegar yeah it
tastes me
oh it's balsamic vinegar okay okay okay
okay look
you guys we had to get the camera out
cuz we're recording our audio book
actually you said that wrong we recorded
we we're done
yeah we recorded our audio book Gavin's
wrapped Oh why'd you hit me we wrote a
book together Gavin is wrapped I have
one more day I'm on chapter 20 but Gavin
is done with all of his little excerpts
and notes and chapter headings
he just had to read the entire table of
contents into this microphone in this
sound booth that Blake built for us with
boobs haha he did I walked in right as
he was saying that title am i Gavin and
you can hear him laughing in here look
we are in a styrofoam sound booth
in our studio so that the reverb is
minimized from the bouncing sounds dude
give me five give me give me one of
those I need one of those we just
recorded yep an audio book together is
it like our first audio book do you
think we'll do more audio books maybe
you'll do more audio books independently
from my co-authorship I hope not excited
yeah December 29th it will be out it's
cool because there's going to be a
physical copy and one you can listen to
and mind you the audio book is not
totally different than the book but like
we did some Adler huh we definitely
added some stuff in there Gavin I was
totally impressed he came in there like
first day yesterday we're recording this
our audio guys like okay let's just do
one for warm-up Gavin wants you to read
through there if you make a mistake we
can start over
Gavin read this entire one and a half
page paragraph and nailed it enunciated
hit all the commas and periods and I was
like I'm not gonna she's the real talent
and it was like serious his first read
he nailed it I was like dang dude you're
good at this so check it out it's gonna
be on audible December 29th fat dad fat
kid leg school is that what you want for
Christmas Kevin
look at these mom cook no that is too
much we already have him a big nerf
better dude it's not it we're not here
for you
we're looking for Christmas happy
birthday birthday birthday present for
Cooper and that's all things that he
needs everything yeah let's see that
like a helicopter thing that's cool and
it's your Amy and um spaceship whoa I
think I like that oh are you like birds
no it copies whatever you say oh well
you have a sister though did you get it
nevermind yeah that's cute I like it too
what are you gonna get for Cooper
cuz that's I think that's gonna be maybe
this because we already have a nerf gun
we're giving him a big nerf gun that
might be too much our little guys and
say okay okay our birthday efforts were
successful we went with your Shawn
Gavin's is what Gavin pick out we went
with the big mega we cut a big mega no
silly gosh oh we got that out I got
Reese's we've got like three my cousin
minifigures yeah
love it hey you guys have to fight
always no no guys sometimes blogging is
difficult because this is all pretty
good impression hey where's your happy
baby where do I go hey baby can you show
me what I have a happy baby watch oh
honey can you show me your happy baby I
don't have a happy B can you show me
your happy baby
oh maybe when you get birthday cake
you'll be happy baby and yeah
panting Gangu you don't yeah Broncos are
happier oh there we go
I knew you had it in you okay we're
getting ready for the wedding are you
gonna get gel on your nail no which one
K Koopa you guys are silly all right
we're getting ready we're getting all
our nails did for the webinar you
getting excited or nervous or scared or
all like Amy done throwing up oh yeah
you're me well at least you had it now
and not on the day I don't know I was
trying to be positive and well they
don't lose it a little late no I seen
wait kokin focus you know what it'll all
work out you're okay it would have to
smoke out laughs - I'm gonna do this so
guys are gonna duct-tape me into the
dress yeah everyone
sighs it's fine it's one day we'll make
it are you so relaxed already
what color did you pick white and gold
beautiful says Li did he finish the
other hot I wanted to watch you get
tickled well really finish that she left
I thought you're gonna kick him in the
head or something
yeah I've never understood why people
they can get you into a wedding just
look like a homo you'd be like oh darn
it
I dressed up like a hobo again oh darn a
bit that cute boy won't like me anymore
miss basis sale fuzzy fascinating not
feed brow tears and tastes like rice no
Sam I don't know what companies I'm
talking crazy I mean when we could
either prefer Gator buddy tastes like
Brandon comes just 18 I don't wanna you
know forget lucky great
oh hi guys a glaze on crack
that's our way of it right here
I don't know how accurate that one yeah
I'm sorry baby but all thoughts that run
through the rain mix in history the
engineer obviously support their
creative video they wouldn't even say
these things out loud shout to Carly's
wedding as a hoe Bush may not like she
may not like you a I could get the cake
after yeah who knows what any of hello
friends so we're having a big practice
getting ready for the big day Carly has
requested that the girls sing forever
love and that Gavin see Ed Sheeran song
he usually likes to see for the wedding
dinner so we're practicing my dad's
going to be playing okay so apparently
they're gonna be doing the all right pig
all right dinner bud
okay now we're all dressed up we're at
the wedding okay
you
hey calm down what you're really do
if you ever feel a floor I'm Eli by your
side nothing will ever hurt you
yeah
you
is
this
humans are so cute
like choreography I'm truly I'm still
trying to decide I haven't decided this
it's too much it might be a little much
but you got to commit if you're gonna do
you got to commit to it not just kind of
how to but that's three three Hey okay
listen one tip I do have is don't look
down look up if you get nervous when you
look at if you don't like to look at the
ice look off over their head look above
them why I just like ground yeah cuz
sometimes you can get nervous looking at
people wait
okay don't look at the ground yeah let's
do what I can't consciously sauce hahaha
I think it's sounding great
I'm excited all right are you ready to
perform is that what you're gonna do to
the dry-lip and sing still all your sink
a it's really romantic hands are free
okay that's freebies all right
were you basses y'all that's what it's
called you don't like that title mimic
man it's like fate or comments in real
life I don't even have to go on YouTube
anymore my kids hey what's up with all
the freaking ridicule yes yes we read a
book it's bedtime okay yes click on it
maybe it was very excited about the
fashion so wait I just want to show you
the fashion show I think you're gonna
like it
dude I hit a three oh there is a flaw in
these cameras on this canon camera on
the side there's a side button and
sometimes I accidentally push it and it
cuts the video and it makes me mad yaks
I'm trying to hold it on the side
because the microphones on the top but
there's like this little button over
here that cuts the video and then it's
like do you want a nickname this camera
I'm like no I want to vlog this like
moment let's find this fashion show okay
today I'm very tall which we have taught
every today we're gonna sisters today
we're gonna do a fashion show and
there's going to be a celebrity outfit
and spurs misshapen
yeah I'm reader immature over ugly I'll
think it's a tool - and eat ourselves
Oh peace out
I do things look at this out nice big oh
my goodness beach day oh yes she's doing
her hair was it because like to get the
most votes
which one are you gonna wear to school
are you really gonna do it I don't know
miss tomorrow I worry the Athletics
laughter Sam what happens will be about
my problem is I know whatever those
issues come yeah Oh mom hat mom has veto
power over any outfits that she doesn't
approve black heels not a not a go so
cute away that was good good job nice
fashion show ladies thanks for making
the vlog entertaining the rest of us are
stupid and boring Oh yep come on let's
go time to read books with Brock & exton
okay good night see you guys tomorrow
Oh
together
ah
forever
