oh that smells so good is the cooking
show over hey guys I actually have a
special guest to tell you hi log in here
hi everybody
happy Sabbath day we just got back from
church was the kids primary program
today
oh nice dancin the primary program which
means all the children gave a program
all the children did a program were they
saying and they all had speaking parts
and they did amazing and they made me
cry and I cried like a baby it was
awesome she's works in it put forks and
knives and I don't think we need spoons
three butter nights three butter knives
too because the text is gonna catch up
to bread okay so we're having baked
potatoes and ham this is one of my
favorite meals to make on Sunday because
you can put it in the oven before you
leave and it bakes slowly and then it's
delicious by the time you get home so
we're making rolls those are the only
things that needed to go in after you
got home so the rolls are baking but I
got ham and potatoes and we'll have some
vegetables it would be a perfect
home-cooked meal I love it's my favorite
and any it's making food please parts
for everyone
Thank You Brock for helping set the
table this is our Sunday routine we get
home and we set the table and then we
all have a family dinner together during
the week we don't always have family
dinner sometimes it gets a little hectic
and we end up just like eating it the
word dishing up ourselves and stuff but
we usually like to have at least three
or four meals as a family sitting down
at the dinner table without any
distractions like the TV on and stuff a
week and it always helps to create more
family unity I think all right you guys
we're having a little bit of a family
debate about knives what is the proper
way to carry a knife safely to the table
okay well go to the cooking joke
Avia except we're gonna have to be
talking about cooking took that knife oh
 well don't put your hand on the
ninth okay how do you hold a knife my
mom says you should look like this
gently because then it won't like if you
trip you don't stab your head oh
goodness
but if she like oh you don't want that
to happen so I think you should like no
no put your hand on the blade here okay
that is a very hot potato
haha dad's just back there playing hot
potato by myself
wait I don't know if you will put your
hand on the blade though don't carry it
like that Shay's gonna show the wrong
incorrect way oh my goodness for reals
is the cookie show over because I'm so
knowing what you want to go outside I'm
going to hide you cute so this
apparently is the electronics
confiscating team the SWAT team it's
called the Allah I can't think of
acronyms right now on my phone oh right
there Tomsk you know what's right there
good job love a home this is my favorite
part about dinner on Sunday he's
buttering the rolls let me kind see that
I just want to show watch these are warm
rolls right now you can just roll that
stick of butter on there fine and it
just melts
let me get warm buttery rolls and trust
me when I say if you could smell this
right now
here's what you would do you'd go oh
that smells so good that's exactly I can
I guarantee you oh that smells so good
here you can that's just what's weird
I'm saying this smell is a universal
smell oh no nobody you're all that's all
good
I'm dizzy uh we didn't vlog any of
dinner because we were more focused on
eating the dinner and vlogging it don't
tell them about what I did I did buy a
cubed butter to try to be funny I was
trying to be funny in every laugh you
know that's how it was funny that's a
pretty hearty laugh that she left
Hayami getting guys funny was I hell
Ares will you say I'm the funniest
person you know really yeah
that's pretty high praise any view you
don't think so who's the funniest person
you know course alright you know your
finisher Tate or young lady you're not a
hoe girl you got fish that Tate or young
lady is skin at all hey quitting your
juice and eat your tater tot you Tater
Tot
hey puddin honey butter on that roll all
right family has table manners to drop
rock
my fishing that's so a mom cause a good
dinner thank you Turk what are that once
I call them ham rolls baked potatoes
butter sour cream Gavin
smiles you're about to turn 12 years old
are in we're gonna have a 12 year old
snap I actually have a special guest to
tell you Brett hello
okay so I'm especially good today as you
know baby toward which be eyes color
Emmy today we're gonna sisters today
we're gonna do a fashion show and
there's gonna be a like celebrity outfit
and stress this outfit yeah and meter
are gonna try them on we hope you guys
enjoy it let's go to the model aisle I
think that's what it's hope now come out
baby tart she sorts of other stuff today
but a casual look that way is April 8th
year dress up as herself what people
welcome yeah spinach whirls add up at
peace now we have any butter in the
Christmas look for any Christmas party
now
Aegeus is coming out as the Lord
peace out nothing let me dressed as a
beach after a beach nice day I mean the
nice beach day how we have a via and I
some celebrity outfit now we have any in
the casual a dress you look sorry dad
cut that part out
hey guys we hope that you liked our
fashion model thing even our comments
down below which one you like the most
I will see which one will get the most
votes and then will whoever which one
ever gets the most votes
I'll wear to school the next day
yeah we're just school the next day so
general one gets the most well wear it
to school the next day okay so please
fit down below comment do thumbs it up
and then also subscribe thank you bye
say bye this is a lie
okay now we're playing a game yeah we're
going to go fishing look we made a
little fishing pole with a pencil and a
string super cool I know I'm really
creative y'all just an and we're gonna
go to help them catch something and some
of these fish are not fish hey it's okay
buddy we'll catch it again sometimes
fish get away we'll catch them again
okay it's okay
don't worry it'll be fine look he got he
caught that one and we're gonna have him
catch all these other ones look here's a
pig I don't know where that came from
but it's cute we're gonna catch the pig
yeah we're gonna put it on your string
go go up there and hold on to your
fishing pole and then you can pull it up
hurry
no you leave this all off okay I'll put
another one on go up there and hold on
to your fishing pole you now I got to
put the camera down so I can tie these
off okay cue it where's your fishing
pole
oh my yours is all tangled yeah you got
a knot in your string thank you I'm
gonna put this one on okay oh oh
pull your fish up boy fresh ups ok
Daxton hold on well then I'm gonna put
one on yours are you ready
or frog that's fight you back hold on a
second okay got a fish on your line pull
up pull it up pull up your fish pull
harder show him how to do it Brock you
gotta pull it yeah you did it did you
catch it
yeah did you hand your cat your catfish
okay now you take it off and we'll put
another one on okay and then you're
gonna have so many fish you can cook
them up for dinner now you save that one
and then throw your string back down I
think your strings okay no not them well
I guess that's the humane way to do it
catch your fish and throw it back that's
cool dude okay put your string down
let's catch another one got your string
put your string down again put it into
the water you're on your boat you're
gonna put your string in the water we're
gonna catch more fish yeah there you go
do you need this I'm not your fishing
pole we're learning we're learning how
to fish hey you dropped your fishing
pole do I your fishing pole you hold it
tight and I'll put another fish on your
fishing line okay yeah all right
it's a fish bunny fish did you get it
what about single he gave up already he
doesn't want to fish anymore Jackson are
you all done playing I guess it is
bedtime late
you wanna go lay down snuggle with the
blankie do you want to wear these
glasses so you look really cool would
you want to wear them cool what are you
doing working out send me you're working
out it sounds fun there's more going on
in here
I playing oh good job lady here a few
tests have several 15 times
rubber-banding um 20 jump ropes ten ball
drops fat cartwheels one contender is
this fabulous work it get rid of I like
it I tried accent like can I just erase
and mess up everything you just did
don't erase it come here dachshund we're
gonna go play fishing some more good job
you guys because yeah good working out
welcome chicks yes funk she's working
out
rocks working out okay do some more
pull-ups pull up chin up chin up chin
above the bar good job and pretend like
you're pulling your elbows down to your
yeah there you go
down to your hips good job rock okay see
you to pull-ups good cute enough okay
alright let's go get some more fish I
don't want the bunny cuz its bonus
fishing pole down what do you want yeah
she won all right he caught a snowman
fish so bad face me ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls I present to you that is
a good mom right there how cute Colet
fishing with the kids off the in the
stairs that's I'm gonna give her an
extra bite on her ear lobe ah thank you
for watching listen we're gonna miss a
few days because you guys I have been
recording the audio book for me and
Gavin's book Gavin and I were in the
booth today we made a recording booth up
here at the studio and we're gonna have
an audio book on audible how crazy is
that like I've been like promoting
audible for like two years and now we're
going to have our own audiobook very
very exciting so we might miss a few
days this week because we're working on
that and it's like an eight-hour a day
for days kind of project it's exhausting
because like I'll read something and
then I'll like mess up a word or I'll
just like trip over a word or the
sentence sounds weird have to redo it
but it's exciting I'm on chapter 10 I
got we started this morning like 10 a.m.
anyways I'm rambling ok-ran Deline
rambling I believe is the correct term
for when you're talking about stuff that
don't make no sense I thanks for
watching click on a video click on
yesterday's vlog if you're feeling lucky
click on the mystery vlog it's probably
a new podcast and see what the Shaytards
have been doing every single day for the
last 7 years you can click on one of
those numbers below okie dokie I don't
know if we'll see you tomorrow but there
will be a brand new podcast tomorrow
maybe not a new vlog because tonight's
vlog is late and we don't have a ton of
footage and I got to start shooting at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow morning so love yo I
will see you soon but listen remember
remember remember every day vlogs in
December huh
put that on a bumper sticker remember
remember remember every day shaped our
thoughts into sun door wait
