dude you're wearing my Google glass I'm
future nature I'm future Oh break it
down well I'd have to pay for this
performance are you ready
Thank You Shay Carl here good neato
oh boy there's a space gun can I shoot
somebody in space with this thing don't
be stupid I am feeling amazing the first
man up with that you guys I really
believe in this you choose if you're
happy or not in life don't eat the kind
of just people we're about to go on the
radio it is all up to you
do not let the outside stimulus affect
your reaction you're a regular
I know Christmas
singing I'm just gonna walk away he's
not like it I really don't move the
camera you turn the camera oh yeah are
you doing my chores for me
I'm busy peeling potatoes hoods yes you
want a horn melon yeah now I like them
hot and hungry Oh My heavens is that the
purple princess or cell hey that's a
cute hand you have in your pocket I know
that's awesome
I just set off the fire alarm in our
apartment but you try Oh the future's so
bright you gotta wear shades say GoPro
video running through the Alps huh oh I
feel the dance coming on oh snap here we
go in the whole foods busting it out
like Donkey Kong can you dance in the
bookstore what are you doing super note
super notes over we lost thanks for
bringing it up as a touchy subject go do
it
Oh jigs assemble are you almost done
with your homework
how's school today student art hey is
your homework done for school tomorrow
where are we at now to be
you're my daughter yes that's because
I'm a Viet I'm so proud of your sister
once you give her a big kiss that's them
proud of you now punch her in the face
but are you excited did you do you think
I'm funny don't smile do not smile don't
Swiffer swift earth holder right Taylor
I have a daughter like me she likes
Tomatoes
she likes peppers you like mushrooms you
do your eating can in your gather your
Halloween candy still you do it let me
see I'm gonna see okay put your hands in
there dude I know but people are gonna
eat those later she can't touch it in
the air you just see it
baby tardes is in the future what do you
think is that cool ah don't go
cross-eyed we're headed to the tricks
and start of what is that yeah roll out
guys yeah yeah where are you wave your
hand at me okay can you look at the
camera look at this what is that who is
that what are you doing baby
that is a great baby game you're which
oh where are you flying to which you
find a school you're a school which do
you remember that do you know that that
picture is on a thousands and thousands
of CDs all around the world you knew the
baby dog
in his own little mosh pit right now he
calls himself the world wind back Fred
okay but we want a different kind of
bread not that kind you know do another
one can I just pull it open gently a
drink and rape hey let me see your face
that's kind of dirty you're not here
playing PTP ended up over here oh you're
so good at it your PDP pro hey cornholio
what's going on do you need some TP for
your bungholio who needs music when you
got rock he's my music here's the music
to life I just had deja vu I think we've
done this before
hey baby are you ready to be a toddler
now he's just staring staring up into
the world oh hey Dad said well it's just
you me babe behind a Fig Newton are you
getting excited for the Shaytards
Christmas special
swimming pool full of food - Great Dane
puppy for Christmas rock darden Malachi
the oldest and the youngest I got the
camera on you better run downstairs you
better let's see your baby dances I love
you girl more he likes you guys come
over Vicky oh dude I'm gonna watch a
tutorial on how to wash my dog while I
wash my dog Malachi is super pumped that
you included him in that songs he always
says boy I'm sure clock coming included
me an intro cos that's one of the best
in shows there are this is a family
affair we raised each other we're a team
we do this together all right say
goodbye one take Sunday's over
you're a regular guy but you try to be
something
I went to the mall to make this shirt
I've made this shirt go I'll show it to
you later
anyways real quick I bought my wife some
boots I usually hate I think they're
ugly I just bought her these boots do
you guys like these boots
it's like boots with the fur it's so
stupid anyways I just talked to her and
I go I have a surprise for you
she's like I have a surprise for you and
I said what did you get me as she was I
actually got me some boots I said what
you got you some boots do you have to
keep both of them how much were yours
same price ask the kids kids what's
boots do you guys like be better it's
the best which one
you're just an actor your mom made you
so this is the great boot Fiasco of 1908
what years 2008 so you guys say which
boots do you like better so you decide
which two boots do you like this is the
sweet and romantic
