it's oh there's a line crack and then
pull it open whoa
sorta and I do another one can I just
pull it open gently oh are you getting
excited for the Shaytards Christmas
special yeah look there's my foot oh
look there's my eye dude did you see
that you have feet I have two one on
each side think I have to oh just one
pause too bad oh wait oh no way
what a day to be alive you guys we just
found out we both out why didn't I think
of that Wow
neato oh boy hey good morning your party
joking don't be stupid
I got comfy to wear that's it what'd you
find
so hard Jackson's got a sword in the
morning Dex got sword in the morning hey
good morning everyone
okay today is a very special day my law
baby boy who is 2 now is transitioning
to a toddler bed so we have a crib that
just you just add like a toddler rail
onto it instead of having the full crib
side up so we're going to just
transition his bed today the work of me
the one command monster yeah and Brock's
a worker man monster he is helping me
he's always very helpful can you help a
lot today
ok it won't take us very long but our
goal is to start with in the morning
we're going to transition we're going to
try not time with it if it doesn't
happen no big deal not time sometimes
gets missed and then tonight he will be
going to bed in his new bed I'm excited
so I don't know if there's any specific
rules on when you should change a kid
from a credit to a toddler bed but I'd
really do it's just up to you and the
kid in the past I have usually done it
earlier than two years old
because sometimes the kids start
crawling out of the crib and it's hard
to keep him in anyway when they already
know how to get out or it's just I don't
know I just feel like it's time for some
reason I have waited for him because he
hasn't really shown any signs of him not
enjoying his crib and he also is my baby
and I feel like he's growing up too fast
as soon as he said a toddler bed that
means he's a toddler and not a baby so I
waited for a while
but I don't think it's bad if you wait
you know anywhere between a year and
three years to transition I think it's
fine maybe when you try to story that
might be a little too old to be in the
crib but I don't know it's up to you you
just have to fill it and see whatever
works best for you and your son hi
you're going to have a new tiger bed and
he actually goes to bed really well so I
don't think this will be a really hard
transition for him no it is not but
that's a cute idea hopefully I got the
right part that kind of doesn't look
like it goes with it does it we'll see
all right let's use climbing the ladder
let's clear the work area should we kick
it up huh thanks oh well that's not what
it's for we're gonna put it on a
different way are you ready Daxton hey
Dad come here give me high fives
are you ready to be a toddler now uh-huh
okay I have a kid doesn't like I haven't
our bed wait while I got to give you
biggest prize
much haha thank ya you are climbing so
one of my goals with having him
transition to a toddler bed is to get
him used to a regular bed so that we can
put bunk beds in here for Brock and
Daxton I think that would be really fun
so you think yeah Brock has been asking
for it but I'm not quite ready to do
that because I want him to know how to
sleep in a regular bed first
yes all right let's clear the work area
and let's get working like Jackson's
birthday today
here that is bird yeah a dog not done
okay what do you want in there let's the
gun oh the cowboy gun there you go
there's your cowboy gun when we change
your bed you won't have to ask me to get
it for you can get it yourself it could
be a little louder but we're gonna make
it into a rail instead okay you want to
come and loosen this up yeah you
remember how to do it what direction is
that the right way it is left because
when you want to loosen something you go
left when you want to tighten it you go
right so lefty loosey righty tighty
that's how you remember
so what direction are you going left
good we're learning you're gonna take it
all the way out and then you'll have to
do this one at the bottom too
I think actually I don't know if you
have to do the bottom one yep there you
go let's actually do the other side
let's do the other side on the top all
right we got the side off and he hasn't
even noticed
look dude the sides off don't jump with
screwdrivers in your hand cool huh oh I
think was a big one this is your bed
baby one
hold on I gotta tighten some stuff over
here what do you think Daxton yeah give
her your day this I think Brock is more
excited about it than ducks in this tax
is just like whatever guys it's just
like it do you like it I'm still trying
to find that part like louder look you
can get on this side there you go yeah
there you go your new bad oh ah
you want to jump oh whoa oh oh good job
yay more danger
good job well we did it let's see how it
goes now now and bedtime yeah Cap'n this
is what he's gonna be doing at midnight
when I come in here and there's all this
noise just jumping off the bed mom yeah
what you got Dax you got a motorcycle
wait you say motorcycle motorcycle if
you like that kind of toys that I find
all over my house little cars trucks
motorcycles I love it
I wouldn't trade it for anything they're
really into LEGO Minifigures right now -
I yeah you like Legos huh
yeah as you guys know christmas is
coming
speaking of LEGO Minifigures I'm trying
to figure out what to get the boys and
well everybody for Christmas I want to
start early I feel like it's early if
you start before Thanksgiving but some
people have theirs done in October
suppose to you guys what is tell me it
is snowing it is like Christmas outside
isn't it look at it we've got a white
Christmas already
we get a lot of snow where we live and
it started pretty early I have to
continue so that we can do some skiing
blogs you want some apples no no it was
a garbage truck they were in the garbage
I just put peas no they shouldn't have
been in the garbage that's a note with
toddlers is usually things end up in the
garbage that are supposed to be in the
garbage just
because he likes to throw stuff in the
garbage quit throwing stuff away dude
yeah which is where I think some things
that I've been looking for have ended up
like Oh Chris Oh Kristina and Noah come
to my house first and cut some apples
then she got some peanut butter very
good the apples in the peanut butter
then we ate in who is so good yeah
peanut butters an endless okay Brock
remember what to do and out hard enough
that you can just pull it open with your
thumbs don't smash it with your thumbs
but pull it open hit it so there's a
line crack and then pull it open well
sort of good job yeah okay now do
another one this is one of Jackson's
favorite breakfasts he loves eggs and
brach lately loves oatmeal so we make
oatmeal and eggs in the morning can I
just pull it open gently your face oh
that was not as gently as it could have
been did you get in your mouth
okay good just put it you know one thing
I've learned being a mother no those
were gone a long time ago and they're in
the garbage for a reason one thing I've
learned being a mom is it is difficult
to cook your kids if you don't plan on
having a mess I can get really
particularly like oh I don't want to
cook with the kids because it's just
gonna be a my bed so it's always iMac
but you just have to plan for that like
they're never going to learn how to cook
if you don't and you're not gonna be
able to cook with them without a mess so
just plan on it
see eggs and look there is some shell in
there oh there's a lot of shell in there
okay so we're gonna shell out pull and I
got to pick the shells out okay I think
we got most of the shells out we'll see
my bowl clog doing laundry then we just
put a little bit of milk and cheese in
it and salt and pepper
okay so mix them up real good with the
other eggs and I added a few more eggs
because I want some too so we're making
breakfast
and it is snowing outside and I love it
is it too early for Christmas songs
because I'm ready for Christmas songs I
feel like if it's snowing outside
and Halloween's over it's time for
christmas songs right my house it is
what you don't agree with me
oh hey Daxton do you know what Christmas
is are you getting excited for it are
you getting excited for the Shaytards
Christmas special yeah now we're making
eggs
Dyson's excited for the Christmas
special already how many of you guys
have been watching the Christmas
specials my kids have my kids will sit
and watch the Christmas specials just
one after the other what do you want for
christmas
yeah yeah okay more importantly what do
you want to give for Christmas do you
think that you could give a nice nice
happy baby boy smiles and not screams
yes he said yes I told him short guys
let's hold him to that and presents yeah
I'm not the most important thing though
well I guess - it's two year old in a
five year old it is pretty important who
needs music when you got grok he is my
music here's the music to life you're
doing good
that's how you do all right I mean it
was supervised yeah see like I said
messes yeah gonna happen so do you want
to tell him what happened I cut two
mattresses on the bottom there 8 that's
not what I was thinking though what do
we have to do with the eggs guys I was
using the brown eggs I was using some
eggs that have actually gone bad
and I just haven't found them away so I
had to throw away those eggs
they didn't smell right Oh sometimes
happen yeah
and Dax was getting impatient because he
loves his eggs and he's tired of waiting
for them that spatula is as big as your
head let me see that
that spatulas as big as your head you
have a big head got some peanut butter
oh my phone's ringing anyways so we're
redoing the eggs I have some newer eggs
I need to make a phone oh my gosh it's
in my back pocket hey guys remember the
eggs we just made yeah come Anita
remember the eggs that took so much work
and effort and time and we had to throw
away the first batch and now we have
fresh eggs that are warm and delicious
remember we're ready to come and eat
them now it's part of having kids
toddlers at that
Republic for which it stands one nation
under God it is
guys think you're listening to that's us
singing and I listen to my part and I
was like oh they didn't think I'm not
funny though am i funny sometimes I'm
funny guys sometimes I'm not and I admit
it sometimes I'm just not sure you say
that do you think I'm funny do you like
though she loves these peppers I'm so
proud I have a daughter like me she
likes Tomatoes
she likes peppers do you like mushrooms
you do it's just like I'll say I do just
making healthy hair do wha look at that
spider-man oh he's so cool despite them
in your favorite still Drock do you know
spider-man's been your favorite since
you were even younger than Daxton she's
born oh yeah either don't talk to you
like I'm still in spider-man boy we're
gonna whisper cuz dad's filming
something and we can't just move cuz we
just got done filming something for our
Channel yeah whisper whisper
that's the coolest okay we've had a busy
day of filming and this is what happens
at the Shaytards house and I'm sure that
happens to you guys when you have busy
workdays well here's the groceries still
haven't put them away at dishes still
haven't done them yet just uh yeah look
at there guys no worries
I'm gonna make some dinner we were going
to go out but I think that Shay still
filming some stuff so I might just need
to fill out some hamburger meat and make
something to eat so that's what the plan
is you I should we tell them babe so
tell them right now
about December okay let's tell them guys
ready you tell we are gonna do everyday
vlogs in December that's what we're
gonna tell them right what ha wait wait
wait wait wait what did you say every
day no that's I said this we're gonna
have a two-hour Christmas special in
December what did you just go to I guys
I think I just committed to an early
Block in summer what I think I did I
can't take it back now every day in
December is that what you want us to
vlog every single day in December is
that will you just committed us to glad
I think I did ding it slurps wow you
gotta watch what you say we open that
big fat mouth here congratulations guys
I opened my big fat mouth that was mean
I shoulda said that I love your big fat
mouth I want you to put your big fat
mouth on my big fat mouth what yeah um
that no we did discuss this previously
uh mommy and daddy have discussed this
and we've decided that we will upload a
vlog every day in December what do you
guys think what but then uh peace out in
January because we're going on vacation
and we won't see you for a while that's
right um no we're gonna take 9 days off
January is gonna be a little vacation
time for us but but we're gonna have
daily vlogs in december sing a daily
vlogs and does ham daily vlogs in
december Merry Christmas 8 hoards
anyways uh yeah we'll do an everyday
vlog in December sorry you guys we have
been lackluster and not getting up a lot
of vlogs us last week because we've been
busy but a lot of projects are being
completed and to the joy and to the
utter pleasure of my heart the book is
finished pre-orders are available for
all of you who have pre-ordered a book
thank you so much for the support and
the documentary is being worked on
voraciously that will be done in 2016
mark my words we're so excited to have
it finished so a lot of cool stuff
coming up daily vlogs in December click
on the vlog link and I can see the
Shaytards
doing every single day for the last
seven years was seven years that crazy
we're getting old that is crazy and
awesome I love it crazy awesome I love
it okay love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
