YouTube live November 22nd 2008 I'm
going to YouTube live and this chick is
to you look at yourself in the mirror in
your eyes one day you'll be able to
teleport back to this exact moment in
time yeah
the reason I love that song so much is I
just it's like you know when you know
the words to a song like you got him
down back it's like you just love
singing that song because it's just like
in your bones in your soul that's how it
is for me and that's how many ways I
don't know if you have a song like that
but this one day we've ever known oh
yeah you guys are here hi sorry how rude
pay shaycarl here all a dress for you
are you doing mighty change of heart is
taking place within my beam I'm wrecking
no I'm good I'm feeling healthy already
I'm full of motivation excited we're
opening a store in the mall today it's
tasteful it's it's surprisingly tasteful
even though it's you're the smartest
person you've ever met and the best
father you'll ever have
anyways there are very few of you who
understand what it's like to have to
youtube live do you have a special dress
picked out I want you to come in right
now have a baby I'm not I'm just
vlogging all day you just do all the
stuff okay
you just use your real names or tard
names I mean I don't I don't really care
using my real name cuz my real names
I like oh yeah oh sorry you got the same
page
you're on a different page what are you
getting son tard there's so many choices
huh a casino hollow because tell him
what book you read and what book you're
reporting on what sometimes wearing his
Harvard shirt that's where you go to
school right no pressure no kiss and
girls today all right keep your lips off
the ladies you will now watch my shades
on Fox sit back relax all the one longer
the booster look like your mom beautiful
the girl with a million faces oh my
goodness all right she is in costume
hair and makeup ready what do you think
you look pretty
mwah hey I have a question
should we start saying your guys's names
in the volume get us to give us a runway
oh wow hitting that pose oh my love you
what that much room between the back of
my truck and that car back there okay
okay go back there let's go back there
so you can see go walk back there bind
up behind my truck bridge desert go back
here go behind my truck right there
right there back there good good
right there perfect okay so tell me how
close and time gonna hit do you see my
truck tell me how far I can go if I hit
this car it's gonna be Prince it starts
fall keep going how far do I got don't
let me hit it k12
no right there okay let's see how she
did all right that's pretty good the
thing she says in the thing she does
with small family enjoy hey baby tard
don't be the baby tartar Emmy who's that
there's a meal fries and chicken all
right hey Luis my Rufus are you excited
to go swimming tonight
babies are crawl inside there go in
there and get a toy hey hey what's your
name what your name say can you say rock
hello
say cheese watch out for traffic dude
watch out for cars rocks down under
pretend like your mannequin looks still
that is spider-man say spider-man it's
spider-man you got your superheroes
mixed up hey he's vlogging here
spider-man level with me have you had
too much candy and you think you need a
nap
you little grumpy yeah he makes the
weirdest faces
you want to come with us think about it
let some thought into it all right -
been sleeping in the car see you loser
James did you miss me be honest don't
lie to me let me see boy Simon please no
boys I'd come on
we're tight poor thing yay you love this
no I vote yes
yes I'm talking the new boys see guys
is that a wave are you dancing what's
going on there see you tomorrow
you will now watch my shades on Fox say
back read by smother what long to the
thing she says so the thing she does is
for family and just because kids are
painting kept in P block of petunias
excited with three you've already for
the video so let it be clear that hey
he's blogging here realize they have
five kids yes hit me a few times good
that's good form okay ready quantity you
gotta keep your hands up keep your hands
up come on come on keep your hands up no
not keep your hands in front of your
face and putting your face here to block
the punch keep them from your face
you're the worst boxer ever I love you
Sonny your thumb the kids said they
would be called by their real names get
to the RV hey hey what's your name
what's the baby's name new oh nice
change time for the brokered by let me
get says twelve eleven ten nine eight
Oh
I love you I
