yes I know what we're just gonna get a
little out of here so it's not going
like that in his eyes
first cut see for me guys you started to
talk a little morning boys yeah they're
baby on the TV so cute do you like your
eggs and toast yeah but by the 180 by
learnig relax down good I'm glad you're
eating your eggs hey we have a big day
today we - are you excited yeah I got my
yeah we're gonna go to the tricks in
store today
that's all Brock could think of what are
we gonna have lunch he doesn't care
about anything else he cares about when
his next meal is he's eating breakfast
I'm wondering when his next meal is
going to be che hey it's a big day for
you busy day don't turn the camera
around
I'm gonna cut I'm gonna make you pretty
sure oh I had it naked in my office
sometimes look here's my hand it's naked
ha ha hi guys nice to meet you
hey do you my for them should I put your
nothing I kind of like the thought that
they think that I'm naked behind the
screen hey everybody thanks for
pre-ordering the new book yes big
announcement today we just uploaded the
video to announce the book and I'm so
proud I've gotten teary eyed twice I'll
prove it let me sleep right reading
twits well when you twit the reads hey
Shay Carl here all dressed for you how
it's fast you're fast what's that that
was faster than I expected I didn't even
clean actually show the snow yes I know
one we got some white precipitation
falling on the ground out here ladies
and gentlemen it's a good old winter
time here there's a soccer field that's
gonna be an ice skating rink soon I know
I'm excited I can't you're gonna learn
because we're gonna feed your beans and
you'll shoot across the ice all right
jokes ha ha ha no it's haircutting time
you excited to get a haircut again yeah
after a club I would have said oh I
won't make her after so it is a garrison
yeah that's a good idea
I think he's experienced that before we
probably have a video of him eating a
hairy sucker I didn't know any child
that is more excited about a haircut son
Brock I know he loves them he wants one
every day thank you
yeah man Gavin the Gavin his hair just
goes so fast that he yes he has a lot of
hair you look cool already dude that's
it
you look so okay yeah it's a little
itchy what I gonna hang out say can I
get this off please
looks handsome rock smile okay it's time
for jackson's very first haircut and he
is going to eat a sucker so he's gonna
learn the hard way that you get hairy
suckers when you need suckers and get
your haircut huh I remember Brock doing
this we have a video somewhere that
wasn't called round yeah it was Jackson
you ready to get a haircut okay good
yeah we're just gonna do a trim because
I really want to try having a
long-haired baby boy we're just gonna
get a little out of here so it's not
going like that in a guy's are we going
to get after that what would you do if
it was your child okay can you do what
you think you would do if it was your
child just so it goes even right it's
not even like this is just kind of like
a pointy like he's like like what is
room I hate getting rid of the curls but
it's very mullet right now so you just
want to even things out think I'm
looking come on just nice and sharp
okay first cut this is your first kind
be people and serve with as much of them
you can go more if we need to
yeah hope tomo its little crazy little
babies and Harrison Otis is fun you want
to save them
yeah I actually haven't saved any of my
kids that's so sad my mom saved mine did
say my kisses but I he's just cool he's
like I'm watching a movie I'm good
yeah you're good always so good to get
hurt
they like being pampered little princess
huh okay I'm in the way sorry excuse me
you're so handsome you're so handsome
Winston doesn't think so okay okay you
done you've given these other boys too
much attention already now better oh
look at you hold on let me look at your
hair look it's not your eyes so now your
eyes anymore - like that like what what
just happened so do you wanna take any
more off the bat let me see no I think
that's perfect oh you're so handsome I
love you so much
these are happy it's beginning to look a
lot like Christmas
Vicky oh it's the first snow one I think
it's actually like the second snow
because the first snow fell but it
didn't say yeah this one will probably
melt too but it's pretty it's cold
mmm it's all really make tacos not the
tacos make it not hold the tacos are
good
we're Legolas so Gavin is working on a
book report uh drop this is a what is
this
this is a casino dirt hollow cuz in the
books tell them what book you read and
what book you're reporting on Oh Maisie
they give you a square well I don't know
that we have that much time yet but so
the book I'm reading is flushed by Carl
Hiaasen in this book there's a piston
table that's supposed to be bumping yeah
hold on do you see daddy yeah careful
don't tip over ah you watching daddy at
the corn maze
you pointed to the corn maze once yes ah
oh my goodness Oh Trent are you leaving
me muscle will just leave to him to
carry screaming all right Gavin so this
is a casino boat yes that's been
supposedly dumping sewage in so your
model is gonna be the casino boat with
sewage behind a boat I'm gonna put like
a paper job weird stuff behind it yeah
yeah sounds like fun right we're gonna
have tacos and and vlogging what do you
want it bigger want to watch it bigger
yeah Susie daddy okay let's not get so
close I mean I don't know if it really
ruins your eyes but it's good to tell
kids that right just never get so close
why can't they get close just get close
I know Gary oh all right I know it's
snowing outside but no roughhousing in
the house room by side and planes no one
was I come on we're tight poor thing
yay and they're up oh I love these two
I'm glad blondie showed up at our house
she's a good dog blondie ready to go eat
I'm
I think he likes the snow I think he's
excited oh my goodness that's so cute
well he's just like his father you love
this no hot yes or no the remote yeah
yes I'm talking the new voice hey what's
going on I'm gonna work right now my
managers have to like tag all these
shirts so it's like this tedious work I
have to put all these little size rings
on the hangers and then hang them with
their corresponding size it's just the
manager over here's the slave driver
yeah he's good Hey look store almost
done Derek can I have a break can I get
off early no dude you know what that's
the third time you back okay good toilet
fix the Hat let me just give you a
little tour world tour Oh quick well see
stuff got some new pictures and posters
that were hanging up this one's really
cool we're piecing it together it's like
a collage like one of those things that
hang like a mobile to the mobile mobile
one of those things that you like put a
bunch of stuff um oh yeah yeah like a
mobile tricks and poster thing anyways
look at our hat wall looking good
looking good look at you it's a dance
party interesting okay moving all that
kind of dancing bags in stock no no no I
know I brought all our leftover
Halloween candy we're gonna share it
with everyone tomorrow because we don't
need any more the babies found
we okay Casey's hanging up to
skateboards right now he's awesome
skateboards I'm sure they always do it
steel sided putting in a new countertop
for this deck we can just cut into that
wall takes a lot of work to get it to
fit huh
Melissa's all right go find the trash
can where are we at what are we doing
tell me what are we doing good stormy
why are we gonna go swimming because
it's fun awesome here it's that Amen
sister that's the true answer
you called signed out all right well
we're here Logan Utah Grand Openings
tomorrow or staying at a hotel and oh
there's a hot girl with a flannel shirt
on if you tell we're eating chick oh hey
you're a little Christmas oh did we
forget our our baby again you want to
come with us think about it put some
thought into it I like your shoes I like
your sweater yeah cuz I am I am are you
cold you got a sweater on dude
that sweater warm no hey lupus Magoo
ffice my office are you excited to go
swimming tonight huh which one hi Julie
is she gonna come swimming tonight see
yeah I see you what's up done what yeah
yeah see you're looking good man wanna
get out yeah okay here hop come on let's
move it we're gonna go up to the hotel
and eat some chicken sandwiches you
wanna do that you don't want to come on
let's move it roll out we're going in
all right Jackson sleeping in the car
see you loser dude you guys check it out
the blue glow Hey oh yeah we're going in
there tonight we'll go with swimming in
the swimming pool what's up with the
color there we go we go with swimming in
the swimming pool tonight
I made him say that again he goes that's
inside yes my play Brock say to him I
don't do that very often but when
they're really funny all we're stumbling
in the hotel Shh guys remember what we
said about in the lobby but swing good
seasons let's be good citizens in the
lobby tax day we're gonna be Reverend
commodities we rollin I would help you
but I have a baby in a backpack look
it's like a collage hey who's that who's
that who's that oh who's that oh what's
your name yeah that's Daxton with my
name mom I'm daddy look into your eyes
real quick this is a teleport teleport
she's just teleport this is the work
we're gonna be able to teleport back
here did you guys know my hypothesis on
that if you look at yourself in the
mirror in your eyes one day you'll be
able to teleport back to this exact
moment in time yeah every time you go by
a cool mirror look right into your own
eyes that will build you like a portal
for the next time but when we create I
love you hey wait for me guys he's
starting to talk I love it yeah they see
us dude well you're just with them he's
acting like we're having a family
reunion guys be quiet
take your shoes off right now Shh take
your shoes off take them off
okay hurry everybody up on the bed right
now hurry
we've not jumped bed to bed in way too
long how long has it been ordering what
that's already here what do you mean we
went to the drive-thru oh you are oh oh
right sorry
sorry can't jump bed to bed with my
backpack really kicked out of here in
five minutes
wicked axons over here dipping his
fingers in the ketchup Jackson's over
here doing lines of ketchup
do a front-flip i dare somebody do a
front-flip double dog dare Shh quiet
front lamp nice she's a free runner go
flip it hot head plant dude I'm gonna
try to do a front foot here flog me Hey
oh you guys look new tricks and shirts
by the way these are like very minimal
branding there's a little tag these are
the mountains gaining weight well lately
that was wrestle me yeah see god yes
they are
Hey did that hurt when I body slammed
you know but Qaeda I love you that one
you called I guess you do did you bring
dachshund screw can he share a bed with
you we didn't bring his crib where we
can make him sleep on the couch
what do you think big brother can call
it do you look so old with your new
haircut my own teen size well of course
you do alright dachshund sorry have to
sleep on the couch
big brother called it I don't care as
long as I get my chick-fil-a but your
beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome and your wife
is
Oh shame
Oh
