nothing like this silly face at the
camera okay here we are everybody a
grand announcement is about to take
place are you ready to make the grand
announcement we put the book ok guys you
wanna tell what we're about to show okay
Tom okay guys we're about to show you
what we've been working on for a long
time now a lot of there was a lot of
thought time effort was it easy no was
it hard if you were to say on the list a
scale like hardest things you've ever
had to do in your life is this like at
the top or would you say it ranked
around the top
what's the toughest then what's the
hardest thing you've ever done that's
hard so write the book was easier than
that yes sir
well that's I mean for some people that
would be the case for some people
running a mile would be easier but for
you writing the book was easier why do
you think that is cuz you bread a
thousand look see that by the age of
eleven do you think that time we're team
we're a team okay so our book is
finished we have I want to show I'm
gonna put it up on the screen you put it
on the screen pretend like you throw the
book cover right into the camera
you guys like yet this is the cover okay
so let's talk about it right now real
quick every good book cover tells a
story right as you look at so one you
see the title which a lot of people have
asked us about fat dad fat kid it's like
well look it says it yeah make it
there's a little something else in there
there yes a little witness that can come
because of exercise so of course the
title of the book is fat that fat kid
you guys knew that but we came up with a
little twist
because if the dad can be fat he can
also be fit same with the Sun and really
we know that that can sound offensive
the f-word the Astra and that's why that
is one of our journeys and you see it
right there on the cover of the book it
says one father and sons journey to take
power away from the f-word because fat
is just stored energy like everybody
grab your fat look right there
we all have it come on get up grab your
stored energy it's not a bad thing it's
a moral if we had to go run in the
mountains you're gonna need that stored
energy to run together so the fat word
is just fat it's not a bad thing it's
not something that's good or bad it's
just a thing that we all have but we
take it very offensively right well
because I think some people like you're
fat and it's like well I have some fat
on me but that's not all I am I'm so
many more things than that right so our
goal in this book is to talk about that
to talk about how we feel what people
say things like that and if we should
let those things that people say make us
feel a certain way what do you think
about that should we let things that
people say influence how we feel well
depends if it's something like uplifting
then maybe we can use that but if it's
like something negative or something
that you wouldn't really want to listen
to then you can just ignore and maybe
just try to say something nice to them
because maybe they're feeling down well
maybe so wise now you're so wise okay so
me and Gavin we are going to be coming
and meeting you guys at Barnes and
Nobles very soon the book is now links
below available for pre-order it will be
in every single Barnes & Noble on
December 29th pretty crazy isn't it
crazy yeah I was just in New York and I
asked
Simon & Schuster I said so how many
Barnes and Nobles will our books be in
and she goes all of them so
pre-orders available now it will be out
December 29th in stores everywhere link
below
Gavin spoken at ities good youtuber and
knows how to promote his merchandise but
you guys can pre-order those books right
now
I was recently in New York Gavin had to
stay home from school but I went to beat
school what I said to you said dad you
stay home from school what I suppose is
that I just stay home forced from school
you just stay home alright anyways I got
some footage there a presentation that I
had to give because Simon & Schuster
like I worked with a couple people there
but like the sales team that's in charge
of Amazon Barnes & Noble target like
they have reps that go out to all of
those places to kind of like push our
book and so my presentation in New York
to them was to get them motivated about
the book
show them the cover so that they can go
out to all the distributors would be
like this Shay and Gavin this father-son
duo they have this great book he came to
us in New York he gave us the
presentation we're pumped about it we
think it's a great book that can help a
lot of people so we want you to sell it
in your stores so I had to get all of
those sales people pumped up out of
meeting in New York a few weeks ago I
had to save the footage until today but
now I can show it to you guys but before
we show you that me and Gavin just
wanted to let you guys know that the
book is done we're very excited about it
you can pre-order it now and it will be
available everywhere December 29th and
then we will be going on some book tour
type events we're gonna be on a TV show
that we have to fly out to New York in
December so you guys can come along with
us on that and then we are doing a big
meet and greet in Los Angeles on January
9th
so you can come and meet us there and we
will be signing these books there okay
any last words mr. Gavin Butler the
author um it's pretty crazy even I wrote
books now that I'm hoping writeline
myself she's pretty you think you'll
write more but he is he's a reader and
he's read his whole lives you guys know
Gavin loves books and I'm always like
buck that buck down watch the baby
proud of you and I was a great journey
we hope you guys will take the journey
with us by getting the book because it
is like a hollow a long type journey
that you can do with us it's a 30-day
program that we go through together that
you can also go through with us whenever
you know whenever you see this or
whenever you find our book so check it
out there it is we've done it there it
is all right buddy love you man okay job
okay check out the footage when I went
to New York you might not think this is
as exciting but I want to have it on
YouTube so I can remember this
experience cuz it was a pretty cool one
howdy we are coming to you from the back
of a taxicab who's we me and my backpack
my suitcase is in the back I am right
now headed to the airport but before I
head to the airport I have a one that
last very important very important
presentation to make kinda nervous and
just thinking about it now as I'm
vlogging about it I'm like Oh a lot of
people so what we're doing today is
we're doing the book cover to the sales
team so that they can see and learn
about our new book and be excited about
it and that you guys can start ordering
pre-orders because it's ready the book
is done that's why I'm here in New York
City that's why I'm in a cab look look
look look the book is done and I'm so
excited Gavin is so excited I'm holding
this for the first time I'm glad you are
rolling here it is I like that the spine
is green I was gonna I was gonna email
you because that first one that was read
had the spine read I'm like oh I hope
this finds green yep like that check it
out I want to see what it looks like sit
down a book cuz I won't read it I'll
just throw my nose look at that alright
guys here's the next thing we have to do
we have to go into the sales team and
show this to all the sales team and
explain how this cover came to be I feel
that pressure so that I can be healthy
to be there for them so I think it's
like when you said everyone like that so
that's the power and then you're gonna
have so we're gonna do the cover reveal
you're gonna meet all these people who
take some footage etc then you guys are
gonna have a light lunch then I'm gonna
take it up to Carolyn reading one of the
things too I wanted to talk to you about
is the international mess of what we're
doing I don't know whether we've
actually had that conversation the
England and in Australia and in New
Zealand South Africa and in India and so
the whole kind of messaging it hasn't
really be done in those places our
particular web that nutritional food and
fathers and sons hanging out together
doing other things rather than just
write stuff on video games
yeah watching yeah people are beginning
to assemble okay
is that the cover smoke a great pleasure
in introducing you to the man at the
moment and he's absolutely absolutely
sorry yeah it's cool um anyway I made
them Gavin and Shay have written a
fantastic book which I read last night
you'll love it you love it you love it
and I think it's the first of its kind
when the father and son take nutritional
and fitness responsibility for each
other and have a tremendous amount of
fun in doing it and I think you'll be
great inspiration to many many people so
he's going to show you the couple you
ready like I'd like to take my shirt off
or something all right
well don't make a big deal a dude from
Idaho I have a wife and five kids and I
started doing YouTube videos seven years
ago as a 35 year old man this is the
longest job I've ever had making money
making YouTube videos and the bills
doing YouTube videos for seven and a
half almost eight years now and in that
process a lot of cool opportunities have
come like being here today and talking
in front of all you guys I'm a father
and husband first right and then this
whole YouTube thing is just something
that has kind of happened I say it's a
dream come true of a dream I never knew
I even happen it's like I couldn't have
scripted this it's like I hang out with
my family and paid money to sign me up
you know so I mean if you break it down
that's that's kind of what we do but you
know I also think sometimes
helping raise an entire section of the
human species because there's a lot of
crappy parents out there just aren't
home and there are look they're kids and
so a lot of times these kids are
watching us
they're coming every day you know it's
like when we were growing up having a TV
in your room was cool but now like this
is the TV in your room and everybody's
you know watching this stuff so a lot of
times these kids are being raised by us
and so that's why this is important
because as my buddy Michael Jackson you
know that's all I'm about so I want to
help my children live the most you know
fullest wide as they can and so that's
what this books about it's not only like
that it's not a weight loss book right
like this is a life book and talk about
a lot of in there a lot of the same
principles you need to lose weight you
also need to have a good marriage and to
be good at your job and to be successful
like all the cliches of the world that
you've heard all your lives that you're
just always like that's a cliche like
work hard never quit
don't let me tell you no you know all
that stuff that you hear they're like
bumper sticker statements to me those
are the secrets of life the secrets of
life are hidden behind the word cliche
and we all be like that's a cliche but
it's like whenever I hear cliches now I
try to like hurt my ears up and like
wait that's a truth being spoken so I
talk a lot about that in this book all
those cliches are really the way you
know to achieve great things in life so
not only in life but in you know losing
weight and feeling healthy and having a
good relationship and it's not about the
number on the scale we don't talk a lot
about that but it's about being able to
use your body I talked about I want to
jump over it dierence you're in shape
that you can jump over it dear like I
don't care what I weigh I give you 300
pounds or if I could jump over a deer
that's why I want my body form right
that's what our bodies are for so that
we can navigate the life then some
tackle a small child then you're really
good shape you know so I want you guys
to sell this book we're all fine G and
all the email addresses
this is a huge conversation starter you
know we have 3000 videos on the internet
that are going to push into this book
right because if as people find out
about us this if it does well I think
it's on the what's a call you yes
wrapped on five guys right so I guess
you get our pretty good self naked
there's a lot of pieces pushing back to
this right so when people hear about
this book that maybe you've never heard
about us or my family before they're
gonna open up to a whole world of
conversation about this same topic
because I've been talking about this
craft for the last seven years and this
book is kind of like all those little
statements from self-help books that
I've kind of stole their ideas that I've
formulated from reading the books that
have made me who I am so it's all that
kind of stuff in here and I think it's a
whole series right like fat mom fat
daughter grandma I mean you could go the
gamut of Uncle like it's like Chicken
Soup for the Soul in a sense that I
think you could go a long way with this
this kind of thing we talked about
before my appreciative partner
you tell them they respect you your boss
no I was just saying you've never seen
one before ever in my experience of
publishing where the father and son take
nutritional responsibilities and fitness
responsibilities for each other it
usually an authority or female figure or
somebody who's kind of a a kind of a
distant Authority
but you know father's son and also the
idea of how important is that what the
father is some camp can become and then
you set a good example and you also can
say bad example I'm excited about it I
think it'll do well I think it'll
resonate and in something that's like
it's a it's I think it'll help I think
it's needed you know like maybe these
aren't all the right words but the
conversation should be started ok I'm
done I did it you did it did I do good
you did fantastic everyone was super
excited awesome dude that felt good I'm
very excited about the book you can get
your copy now pre-orders pre-order the
Amazon Barnes Noble
Target sell my book Jackson I honestly
being on the outside here helping shape
film today it's super awesome because
his book is gonna be amazing for a few
reasons one he made it but to Gavin also
wrote a bitch he's kind of my favorite
author now before he's 12 years old
yeah before he's in seventh grade do
multiplication I still can't do
multiplication he's gonna be mark my
words he will be probably one of the
youngest best selling tailors because
Gavin is a writer because he's a reader
and I think this will give him the
confidence he needs to continue his
writing career gonna be a New York Times
bestselling author among the people he's
reading so that I reaffirm Wimpy Kid
will be like under that's a great
prophecy Jackson that's good you can do
concur with this prophecy yeah that
would be a great thing to have on this
College resume no else you care about
his book sales um Gavin I love you dude
I'm coming home I'm flying home tonight
and I you guys get a book they are gonna
be December 29th that you can like get
them in stores but you can pre-order now
on laughs yes yes cabins they have how
much do you charge please please Gavin
the guitar lessons okay guitar lessons
singing lessons we'll trade and then
when they make it into a movie like I'll
play you and then you know anything you
want all right yeah sure and also about
book sell it accuses our resume whoa
we're starting a clothing store as my
clothing company truck unloading and we
have a store in the Logan Cache Valley
Mall and I said can I sell there is that
Logan Utah Utah so he's northern right
northeastern Utah so I was born in Logan
Utah my grandpa was a colonel in the Air
Force colonel Eugene Ames Butler he
started a clothing store in that mall
called the Union that's where my parents
met my mom worked at the jewelry store
my dad worked at his dad's clothing the
store they started flirting
I joke around that maybe I was conceived
in the back room that's a lie cuz they
got married first I shouldn't say that
video game pong but we're starting a
clothing store four spaces down from
that very location so I thought it would
be great to have a little book stand in
there to start my book writing like my
six other YouTube friends books that are
doing so well I know be able to make a
collaboration we're do a lot of meet and
greets there people will come
pictures with us it's just a great place
to have books while they're coming in
the stores all over the country right
yeah it's like the location and then you
know the goal is to obviously have them
all over I want to have them you know
it's a it's a global business and I
started in February so that just takes
time to free up to my substitute family
for all these kids are doing it for the
families right yeah I mean you can take
what I do as seriously or as non
seriously as possible but there's a lot
of kids who look at me as their dad you
know because there's just a lot of
parents who aren't around
they're just for whatever reason they're
not on their kids lives and these kids
have nowhere to look for optimism or
hope or current courage Minh so you know
sometimes I think that we're raising a
section of the human species through our
videos or I'm just being silly on camera
you know but either way we got four
million subscribers you think we're
listening so it's a conversation that is
just about hope and optimism and just
trying to do good things with the little
time we have on this earth
we're alive on the earth right now for
very long and dead Ramsay's written for
words so I wanted to count down how your
whole kind of life turned around because
of deborah's so nine years ago we lived
in Phoenix Arizona and I worked at a
place called Mesa fully-formed which was
the biggest granite fabricator slash
installer in the Phoenix metro area my
job was to go measure the granite the
countertops are I'd make template right
right that they could put the templates
on the granite and cut them at it and so
I just drove around all day I'd have
like a clipboard of ten houses and so I
knew that City Oh we'll just drive
around so I'm in my little Nissan truck
for six hours a day
bored out of my mind and I get sick I
listen to radio Howard Stern out of this
and Howard Stern in the mornings and
then I'm like talk radio like maybe I
can educate myself while I'm sitting in
this truck and this 110 degree heat so
Dave Ramsey came on the radio started
listening to him at the time I had three
credit cards maxed out I had a three
hundred dollar credit card a five
hundred dollar credit card and a 750
got a car all maxed out because I bought
some furniture and some other stupid
stuff 90 days same as cash is like 90
anyways yeah now can you afford it can
you fit that payment in your monthly
budget we've got eight more dollars we
can lease that cat over there and so
that's what I was doing it's like OPM
other people's money other people's time
I'd read Rich Dad Poor Dad I'm like I'm
gonna leverage other people's money I'm
gonna get in a pretty game credit score
that whole rat race on the money system
and then I said listen the Dave Ramsey
and I'm like this makes a lot more sense
you know this is like here's a here's a
crazy idea only by what you can afford
you know I write the and he's you know
Christian so he talks about the borrower
a slave to the lender and believes and
all that and I felt that way because
never gonna be some a oh I hope it was
like you owe us you owe us go back to
works and you can pay us you suffer
you work for us that's how I felt right
and the second that I got out of debt I
listened to Dave Ramsey and I cut up my
credit cards I'm like this is what I'm
gonna do get out of debt I'm gonna try
to find a job that I love I'm never
going to give up on the hope that I
don't have to hate my job because 80% of
our lying our job I want to hate it for
some of my life so I'm gonna keep hoping
that I can find something that I like to
do and get paid for it so I can pay for
all these kids that I'm making and uh
YouTube came along and it was all that
hope with Dave Ramsey and so in the
process we got him a debt I called into
Dave Ramsey's radio show every Friday he
has the segment debt-free Friday when
you got a debt you call in and you
scream we're debt-free and he plays the
end of Braveheart with Mel Gibson yes oh
and you cry because like you've been
busting your ass for five years to get
out of debt and you know what it's like
to be broke and it just felt so good and
we I recorded us screaming on the show
and I uploaded it to YouTube the next
day and he had no idea who I was that
video about 800,000 views everybody was
tweeting Dave Ramsey me like you had a
rockstar I wish I guess you're either
these are his words he put it in the
four already yeah yeah and so then he
started tweeting me and he followed me
on Twitter I'm like cool that day on
Twitter I'm like every time I'm going to
tweet something like Dave Hanson read
that I can't
and then anyway as became friends and
then he invited us to run the Nashville
Marathon with him so me and my wife left
Nashville
went have dinner does five million a
huge house he owns like a mountain and
it was great we took we were in the
shuttle at the hotel and we were driving
past Dave Ramsey's mountain house and I
asked the shuttle driver I said whose
house is that up there and I knew and
I'm just gonna see if he night he goes
that's one other than Dave Ramsey's
house I said oh really I was just kind
of playing dumb he's like you know I
went down to the port house because you
know how your title or your mortgage is
public information is like I went down
to check on him and sure enough that
thing is paid off paid in cash this is
big deal it's my dad right so this guy
took it upon himself to go like you know
like it's paid off no the one there for
dinner tonight
anyway so I asked him to read the
foreword I just wrote a little blurb in
his new book that he did with his
daughter reach right right so that's an
essay my father daughter book father son
book I wrote a little blurb in the
beginning of his book and then he write
the foreword for this so alright you
guys that's my wrap we did it Jackson
Harris my buddy hello there get some
great footage in there we did an Avenue
of the Americas Simon Shuster so you
know it's legit Simon & Schuster right
there you guys we're just actually in
the very top in the CEOs office talking
to her
so guys anything can happen
a little schlub well a chubby schlub
from Idaho can write a book and then
have a meeting in the very top floor
with the CEO of Simon & Schuster if he
believes in it
you can do it oh yeah yeah I mess up and
I haven't done the best I haven't been
as committed as I promised I haven't
pushed as hard as I could
I have a problem with that I admit but
I'm not gonna quit
I'm gonna keep pushing forward and I'm
never gonna quit there's no way up the
back seat
don't slow down God you better get your
hands
what sweaty enough again
they push to finish
the way y'all make your own motivation
get unstuck I think it's time to change
the station
