okay get your cake ha that's for you you
can write it it's like a motorcycle he's
trying to figure it out yeah the kids
figured it out right here
it's probably a nose like but you guys
will sit down did you cake get your cake
oh it's a motorcycle cake that's for you
like we said listen say again sit happy
birthday no no no no it's a motorcycle a
okay we got a we got a thing first k
okay let's sing to you okay everybody
it's time to sing to the birthday boy
at the candle he's embarrassed happy
food he wants that motorcycle so bad let
him get it yeah just let him play with
it get it get it get it yeah cool sells
every Thank You Deborah made it alright
you're opening some presents
this one's from her family just tear it
up and you can do it we're gonna fill up
baby he's okay
I just wanted to see what it already
Hey
to do it with that
oh my I want to write that you can write
it like a motorcycle he's trying to
figure it out they're decorated good
because it looks like a box to me then
gether gets figured it out
hey guys so little Philpott and vlogging
and I feel horrible we've wrapped
Jackson scooter last week for his
birthday and he unwrapped it and guess
where that footage is gone yes that
scooter
that's the scooter scooter so they were
stopped fighting over the green scooter
well no because it was his birthday we
gave him that scooter all right and of
course that helps
oh but anyways we gave him a scooter for
his birthday when Shea was out of town
and I explained that we're gonna have
his birthday party this week because he
was anyways because Shea wasn't there
and then for some reason I don't know if
I deleted the footage or I don't know
what happened or if I wasn't recording
and I didn't even notice that I wasn't
recording because I've done that before
anyways I feel like an idiot I don't
have that footage so you don't get to
see him unwrapping his scooter but he
had a red scooter and he was super happy
about it and then we got the rest of the
birthday footage for the next week when
we had his birthday party and my sister
made him a cake and it's amazing and
anyways a good time to see that cake ah
it's a rainbow waldorf-astoria cake oh
and she made this little motorcycle with
fondant which is like a frosting that's
really thick and we decorate with it
anyways she knows all about cakes I
don't really know anything about it but
she's amazing and it was awesome
oh I thought there was two in there well
they're fast that little gray one little
gray one doesn't like people she doesn't
like to come around and like be pet
where all the other cats love people I
think that maybe one of the kids picked
her when she's little like one of the
little toddler cousins and since then
she hasn't liked kids all right now I'm
putting together a modeling clay because
Gavin is doing a project he's going to
be coming home from school really soon
and who's going to need to start working
on his project so I figured I'd have the
clay all ready for him so he can start
making the model I have a project you do
is it a model yes do you have to make a
model um I think so you're allowed to if
you want to all right I've got my trusty
dough hugger here she was helping me
with this kind of stuff this is good
modeling clay oh my gosh you got tired
yeah I just can you is it good
do we need more flour I don't know maybe
a whole arm I think that's probably I
might need toothpicks like to stick it
okay we don't see you think I you guys
ha ha ha Avia cooking chip this is a
thing that you can make climate it's a
lot of salt do not try it it tastes
really salty and really gross so and you
know because I tried it damn - eh after
it looks like a smash braid had to look
like a master brain by blowing it up in
the air and catching it up regular and
then a double flip after a higher not
too high absolutely sorry I think that
was two and then I go up no the triple
flip I don't want to do quadruple and
just cover yourself up like your butt's
dead because it really it was like like
that I'm you're smashing you're going to
punch it's hard to care
it's can smash it really good um you do
need a lot and a lot and a lot of powder
from
and I mean flowers haha very good and it
may be messy so don't worry your
favorite shirt
whoops I did one in earlier cuz I was
gonna flatten it out
it was flattered and they get pizza guys
New York's some things and Benari early
talent and I'm not when you flip the
pizza like that you have to say I make
the pizza piea yeah yes exactly like
that
good job and does not stay very smooth
place it is formed into weird forbs next
time on the cooking show with a via but
I will now be have all my my children a
two-year-old under eyes I'm vlogging our
family
it's really traumatic she's too fast
like a pincer yeah you energy oh yeah
actually here's Gavin's project yeah I'm
not sure what that is this is a this is
a cruise liner ship so far don't let him
get ya Oh cute
it's her exactly you then a bad stand
she has a girl I've had yeah she has a
iPad then this low and all my hat even
she has a white board too adorable I
love it I think they're still wrestling
happening over here yep there's
wrestling by the time
well everybody needs some good
old-fashioned wrestling's are you fixing
stuff now go baby taco all right number
of Awesome I work y'all be a kid
wrestling doing a pug we got we're doing
a live show before the Booker things and
so this is a live show that's happening
right now you guys are seeing it later
on the vlog or you're vlogging yeah I'm
showing them our great work yeah check
it out in here it's really you know they
did this whole grid with curtain that's
really sweet
is that curtain like insulate sure the
room a little bit it feels like it does
that audio feels better yeah yeah
hopefully my bless sound will be
balancing it coming back yeah this
sounds better here
