hey spider-man you ready to go to the
mall go trick-or-treating huh go get
some candy Oh too hard around my name
just put a heart around my name and then
put your name that's monkey oh I know
turn around let's see your little let's
see your little I like is that Alright
we're starting today with a package yes
yes for those of you asking package is
still my favorite word because think of
all those consonants package and plus
it's something fun who's this from
I bet it's from nerdy nummies dude thank
you for the book Rosanna pansino this is
our friend nerdy nummies she made a
cookbook and sent us a card Wow let's
see this she makes good stuff and I know
the kids love their videos her videos
her and her sister but mostly it's her
oh I want that that looks good look
who's this you know her do you love her
videos you want to make some that stuff
do you want to go on her show we should
that be cool if all the Shaytards went
on a nerdy nummies huh and she made us
that looks pretty cool I'd eat that are
mateys what's going on here pirate lady
put the hat back on I like the Hat
that's very Jack Sparrow but let me see
with the pirate thing a hat the pirate
bandana and then she has candy corn
color popping on her colonel ears I'm
gonna win and then I hate candy corn all
right we guys ready
where we going tell him
to go oh I get in the store yep both of
those things are right we're gonna go
trick-or-treating in the mall at the
tricks and store holy tees that's
tremendous hey spider-man you ready to
go to the mall go trick-or-treating
huh go get some candy hey blondie
where's your costume Daxton where's your
costume are you spider-man to go get
your costume on we're gonna go
trick-or-treating in the mall well I
don't know were do stuff what because
we're leaving bro we're getting in the
car we're rolling out son let's move it
I'm just vlogging all day you just do
all the stuff nothing okay everybody's
like straight never hubs because I'm the
guy running the camera you just don't
know when you're filming and that's what
maybe yeah so that's not fair you jerk
that's why I like to film a lot I don't
have to help for instance I could be
helping vacuum out the car but instead
I'll vlog in and then I have an excuse
not to be helping you starting to look
like your mom beautiful love you
alright we're loading in we're getting
out of here happy Halloween happy
Halloween happy Halloween
Jackson and Rob sitting in the string
buddy beam that doesn't run but your
ribs I'm gonna play your spleen but do
you do badoo badoo oh I'm gonna crush my
buddy Derek
today's the greatest day we've ever
known
so anyways long story short inside joke
my buddy Derek Miller and I are good
friends we used to listen that song a
lot and we're opening our store in the
mall today it's not me and Derek stores
all of our store but they've been
working hard while I've been in New York
and Philly the whole crew Sam Dejan Erin
Logan was with us working tyler casey
who's sending out packages to hannah
hart she's the one getting all those
packages out to everybody so the tricks
and family teams been working hard and
today we're going down to see their hard
work we're opening a store in the mall
today and Derek who's running the whole
crew he just texted me the music video
for Smashing Pumpkins today is the
greatest anyways we solicit that one
went skiing so it's like a personal good
day it's a big day James I missed you
did you miss me be honest does he even
think about me Kevin James James did you
miss me be honest don't lie to me oh
really
just living up here in paradise it's
hard to think about much of anything
other than I'm just fat and happy all
day alright alright alright alright
we're in the car I said we're in the car
driver to us or driving or so more they
were in the car they were in the toilet
oh I
my thought was drinking a little bit oh
I've been to CrossFit in a while hey
okay I want to say one thing that is
very important and kids I want you to
hear this as much as I want these guys
to know this the location in which we
are starting this trixin store that is
opening for the very first time today is
a very sentimental memorable location
geographically I speaking the sand or
walls just a couple stalls down here's
the story real quick my grandpa
Colonel Eugene Haynes Butler served in
the United States Air Force as a colonel
I'm proud of him for that he passed away
about eight years ago actually
wait I'm gonna wait till were there in
the mall to tell you guys the story of
why we're starting this story today in
this specific ball let's go to the mall
then I'll tell you take one oh look at
this bow of these mountains look at that
mounds are gorgeous lucky charm then to
the arms of lightly by way plain here it
is these guys the very same mall that my
grandpa Eugene started his clothing
store we're gonna start ours just a few
stalls down I was born here too
is right where I was born my home city
it's a paradise bakery cafe let me get a
trick since I got tricks in yeah yes
those mountains behind that beauty is
gorgeous I'm excited g7
I'm very excited I'm very excited oh
thank God I got some things to do I'll
be back okay is there guy says Dairy
Dairy okay so if you haven't heard the
story I told it in the podcast
my grandpa Eugene started a clothing
store in this exact same mall after he
retired from the Air Force he went back
to school in this City Utah State
University go Aggies and he got his
bachelor's degree in business and then
he started a clothing store in the mall
in this fairy mall and that is where my
mom and dad met because my dad worked at
his dad my grandpa's clothing store and
my mom worked at the jewelry store right
next to him they met had me and then I
did all the stuff I did so thanks mom
and dad and thanks crap while Eugene
were starting a clothing store in the
exact same building and Brock has to pee
come on let's go her he's want to see it
I see it we're open they're doing
trick-or-treaters look look oh the
trigger tutors are coming by
come on two new shirts
Dejan what's up dude looks good man
looks amazing elsgood did i love these
new shirts you guys these are new you
have to get on the website Tyler like
this design look at mister
hey dude you just need to put an
eyepatch on you could be you could be
Captain Jack today Oh Brock has to be
let's go run okay so you guys have
already seen the sign but we just got
this black plexiglass stuff to put
behind it but check out the Hat wall
dude that makes me so happy look at that
that is the trixin hat wall here in the
Logan mall come by and get yourself a
hat off the Trix and hat wow that's so
cool
do you like those dude do the store
looks amazing look are we open have we
actually like rang anybody up day on we
haven't like sold anything we're kind of
telling people were not officially open
yet how can we sell something if we want
to we could I'm gonna try to go out
there and get somebody to come buy
something dude that's our goal Brock
let's go try to go sell some tricks and
clothing K on it dude look I haven't
even seen all this dude look at all the
displays oh you guys listen there's a
special thing about these mannequins
that we ordered them special because we
want them to be able to vlog look at
these hands
I want to be able to put these cameras
in these mannequins hands so we have to
like tighten these with allen wrenches
but then we can hold their hands up and
set who's that there's Emmy lupus but
here comes the Shaytards in the mall hey
there son tard who's that there's Prince
starred in her Batman look at that
beautiful girl hey hey yeah here rocks
down there pretend like you're a
mannequin hold still we're mannequins
very good look
here they come how cool
hey what do you think do you like the
store dude ever people are lining up out
there already
Wow love family Avia tribe Tyler Gavin
dreadlocks Mickey Mouse ears Tyler can i
vlog you just a spoon full of sugar
medicine ha ha ha
chim chiminey chim we didn't plan our
costumes on ya wrong
yeah I do today's Halloween look we got
Batman sweep is as lucky as lucky can
boo hey bro last time I saw you you were
an NYC how was the flight home it was
good we sat in first class we upgraded
you did huh we saw there a $90 piece
we're like might as well do it too and
might as well what's this white wall
right here lo what are we gonna put
right here oh this is duh yeah this is a
signature board we're gonna have we'll
tell you more about this later actually
we're still we have a lot of ideas we're
developing them but it's cool look we
even have dressing rooms Oh rusty room 3
please I would like to try on the new
trixin sweater what look I'll let me
show you in the back room to business
awesome dude you win dude that I'm
jealous you guys got great outfits I
didn't have time I'll put it on I put it
on I'm going to find a zoot suit because
I'm gonna be a oh oh this is awkward I'm
not going what's up Olaf ha ha ha and we
have to go to the bathroom but your
clothes on Ola hey can you guys give me
a hand real quick oh thank you
appreciate it guys you guys you guys you
guys check it out check it out look at
this
here they are where it all started
what do you think you guys don't have to
get lying you guys can just come in
we're coming looking aside July dude
this is I think this is an island hat
wall the island breeze sections good
vibes on this island
do we need to get like some Hawaiian
music and like some beach sand beach
balls you have to hat walls and you guys
check these out if you order a trixin
hat or any stuff any tricks and things
oh we got barcodes we're so official
there it is
family Island breeze that's so cool
come get one now oh my goodness whoever
said that we're starting a store and a
dying mall was wrong it is Halloween
that is didn't hear I can't believe how
many people are in here you guys I had
to run and buy some more candy because
we're running out of candy there's so
many people in here it's crazy so my mom
met my dad in this small he look
beautiful tell this lady what tell tell
me what you just told me in my ear okay
the first thing I ever bought in this
store or in this possible pair of battle
back jeans from half his grandma what
door there so - Jean mom my mom doesn't
do drugs you guys I swear I don't know
why check him out
so the very first thing you ever bought
in this small was from my grandpa yeah
check it out look at that sign back
there the Union that's what it was
called and I and that that sign was
probably in the store when you bought it
that's like 35 years ago that sign was
looking at you when you bought those
saddleback jeans and smoking hash with
my mom or whatever you guys were doing I
don't know crazy ladies ha ha ha and
this is Tyler's parents and sister who
if you watched the last trixin video he
takes one of these sweaters to her to
jog Tyler okay so we were actually not
going to sell anything today
but the way that you just walked up and
slammed that shirt down we are not gonna
not give you this shirt but you have to
give us money first this do you want to
be in this video
your
a very first customer in this store
what's your name Megan it's so
monumental I almost want to give it to
you for free but then you wouldn't count
as the first customer so you have to buy
it k Dejan I mean can you actually ring
her up while you have this on hold on we
have to have a costume change real quick
yeah k dejan go ahead
welcome to Texan clothing a little bit
help you Olaf we have a banana and a
snowman with a carrot coming out of his
face ringing you up
Logan fold that shirt up nicely put it
in a sack get her a seat mom look our
very first purchase go help her go do
something give her something a back
massage for you oh yeah you can have a
free wallet since you're our very first
customer pull off right there oh no way
dude that's awesome
okay free walk first customer give her
her a seat this is exciting
thank you smile on the face we did it
appreciate it tell your friends about us
okay thank you appreciate it
first customers all right this is a mem
mentis
momentum there's a momentous moment
we're getting a sign up
the tricks in store we had to take the
first one down to fix the inside right
here but now it's going on
we did it
come on family shop get ready Tyler came
here
they'll then
all right spider-man's are ready where's
your pocket Daxton Halloween all right
so this was Derek's idea derek has
actually been the manager of a clothing
store in a previous life before he owned
his own business but his idea is that we
should have a wall that anybody who
comes in here can sign and this is that
wall and I'm gonna be the first one on
there or should I
I'm gonna put it my eye level this is my
eye level so you figure you want people
to see it symmetrical eye level
so I'm gonna go right in the middle ah
nervous here we go the very first
signature on the wall
Shekhar oh so come in here and put your
name on the Trix and wall okay
don't snip the markers it's bad for you
all right
Derrick you wanna go next Rex can you
pick out your own color everybody sign
the wall it's a big day yeah bud
and Eric Miller
it has begun buckles it's a good day I
think this is the best couple costume
these guys definitely waiting best
couple costume look at that get over and
clean my chimney sandy boy
daehan's family's here Logan's excited
because the cute asian girls showed up
Tyler signing sign the wall you can sign
the wall to look you were the same shirt
as I did today how embarrassing we're in
the same shirt has somebody had too much
candy
spider-man level with me have you had
too much candy and you think you need a
nap
you little grumpy yeah alright least
you're honest I appreciate it
hey come sign the wall next to my name
come here I want you to be next to mine
in a heart I don't mean to start the red
trend you haven't signed it I want my
boy on the wall right there Sammy boy
sign in it zamak of logs and now for mr.
banana boy that's Aaron's mom she's so
proud of him Aaron your mom's filming
you don't mess it up this is for
posterity she's so proud of her tech son
Aaron built our website he built the
smart son Aaron's mom she has a name too
but we just call her Aaron's mom quick
copy and Gavin Aaron jeez Aaron the feet
a little hard around my name just put a
heart around my name and then put your
name well it's a single teardrop pal
look at her she's gonna die baby you got
to choose this is your signature you
can't I can't micromanage you're signing
that's good perfect oh that's a cool run
right there nice Dexter
definitely needs a nap definitely needs
a nap sometimes I feel alone and I
wonder why I started this settle but
before
before I give in I've looked to our
friends and stars and he said you gotta
go you gotta get up and go before you
get anywhere no it's because we can't
mess up the inventory so now when we
want step we can be so exciting I'm
buying from inca Mars that's a lot of
fight buying stuff for myself for myself
from myself order see Noah taught your
manager security whistle we're over here
excuse me sir he blew the whistle oh man
here sir okay so we're open for business
come in and see us in the Cache Valley
Mall mom did you hear that a collective
mom
- I got my card got declined Shae camera
oh my goodness seriously oh snap
okay so these are the new designs
there's a lot of meaning between these
numbers 1976 is the year that my grandpa
started the union in 2015 is the year we
started that's cool I was gonna ask you
why those numbers were there your that
my grandpa started his clothing company
the year that we started our clothing
come on sweetie Mountains represent this
area the saw tells the Wasatch Mountains
all these mountains are gorgeous some
tricks and good food a new design I love
it
can't squeak to you do you guys look at
this it's so pretty right now
oh they're speaking pretty hey beautiful
his look I should Geordi our store opens
the grand opening of the tricks and
stores next Saturday November 7th so if
you're in the Utah area couldn't say hi
oh that's gonna be crazy huh huh die hit
jumps alright we're going home to go to
a Halloween party with Carly and then
we're taking the kids trick or treating
let's ask him already but first we got
to fill up on gas okay get some gas
look at that reflection who's right go
trick or treating you sure you ready to
go trick-or-treating okay you guys want
to see my smile outfit should I show my
outfit right now if two Ravens lift
weights away oh yeah okay we're sure
your outfits pretty soon you got outfits
happy happy Halloween we're at Carly's
happy Halloween party Alice in
Wonderland three my customers go get it
go get your accessory I'm gonna weigh
here now go get it okay
hear what Carly did to our poor where's
your oh yeah wait he still hasn't got
remarried lightning you know we made a
role in your costume so what are you
gonna do next year Jackson good idea
usually embarrass me
it's not too serious I know turn around
let's see your little let's see your
little all I guess that Austin the boy
that was finding parties like a bunny
costume you do what you're told bunny
all right happy Halloween everybody
Evelyn Halloween party Carly's house
Jackson has had 3,800 pounds of candy
grandpa put unwrapping suckers for him
you got so nicely done you gotta tell
him no stand up to a me sister he's only
two feet tall you can take him down
happy Halloween everybody
like a grandma ha ha what oh it's my
grandma first ha ha ha ha
the spooky root beer ha ha ha the spooky
little bit I'm pretty big my ideas being
funny in the background that's cool car
car
grandma Lynette happy Halloween
Lynette's grandma I heard your pants
will pay off in locality ailment
alright for help me costume they were
freaking expensive I hope you like
did you
sweat you're not there yet
it takes a lot of guts to wear your
heart on your sleeve and I'm never gonna
quit ever
