quiet on set quiet on set
quiet on set it's cold huh
hope you like it you're not in it here
here you are out Wow check it out here
it is January 2012 the world does not
end it it's not January right that well
I mean after what here so here's hoping
maybe the real people not just things on
the internet that I watch are you ready
boring really
my name is Shea William Carlson O'Brien
climb the Harley mountain I'm calling
the bed today hey I go poopoo you have
cute hair in the potty there's a
Philadelphia urinal I am at the urinal
right now hey you can't blog on blogging
now we're gonna go do some push-ups no
babe you look so good and that yellow
shirt you're my favorite you're my
favorite person in the yellow shirt I
see you Carl you're smiling at me
what do I think about the painting right
there yeah pumped to have an actual
painting in my office it's the white
what would you feel like if you had a
painting in your office I'm not sure but
I like it not getting my refund back oh
crap I almost fell Oh guys it's okay I'm
fine I think they're gonna be scared to
see all the scary masks in here you guys
scared come on baby let's go
fake it this is weird I don't like I
don't like how close the kids aren't to
us I like his crazy package
ah seriously shake it never been gay he
rode one day to do Bridal far away I'm a
weights look wait that's supposed to be
a surprise you guys didn't see me what
chat video I'm gonna show you guys
around here oh my gosh empty empty
that's good now you sad
do you know nostalgic got this house for
four years almost is it funny that your
hair is basically been exactly the same
mommy mommy mommy say I'm so rude I'm
sorry that's what we do at the Shaytards
we have sparkly buns do pose for a
sparkly bow we have lots of sparkly bums
you can you sing any song let's just
sing in the stall I forgot my train of
thought I know I was saying something
happens in your mouth
the breeze is saying the night crying oh
you got another baby brother job God
bring it sundar do you want to tell them
we just had a meeting about don't you
can't tell him what are we gonna go home
and watch what do you think what are we
watch on Sundays um I'll turn this
camera off we have a very serious talk
both your sisters you have count of
three run fast run faster though we are
about to cut the giant mop off your hand
the giant mop up your head son Oh hold
on I wanna beat your brother real quick
where'd you get that he's just sittin
over there yeah for those of you at home
who don't know to VHS tape this is the
past
Hardaway this one has been sentence
three punches and the kidneys turn on
the beam
do not fall stand up straight oh that's
your birthday what did you get me what
do you have on your back knee you got
that from me Oh cherry fruit snacks
you're the best the best we just picked
up from school where she learned
algorithms
it's just press job baby tard little
climbing rope tardes of throwing up is
this you we're not getting a cart that
would be ridiculous pushing my
eight-year-old around in the cart you're
getting too big I just can't do it yeah
what say mom put your seat belt on
listen baby listen listen let me talk to
you for a second look at me my goal is
to scare you until you cry okay why you
to know that
right now he's 1 years you're gonna
learn it alright just sing a literate
come on keep it together ladies Frank he
knows what he's doing there
it gets gone he gets bouncing like crazy
man but the baby caught it was in her
belly what are you gonna have a baby
I know baby you're not gonna have a baby
what are you doing it lotion baby you
have too much
you only need enough to get your hands
off the wall Morocco's doing the dishes
always welcome helpers you see this
their bumpkin he still funkiest woke up
from his neck is he hey it's a real pool
cage walk up for me fellows that's funny
I brought he knows good comedy come here
I'll hold you
okay buddy should we get one okay let's
go ahead why are you in a bad mood tell
everybody
Brock's mad because he can't go to
school today I want to go to school you
wanna go to school today
it's Saturday you don't have to go to
school today let me make you a paper
airplane
all right on the head good kisses give
me one more
he's cute huh give me kiss all right man
what do you think what do you want to be
a Batman or spider-man you have to pick
you know these spider-man muscles you
excited gonna be Batman
mr. spider-man it's tradition he doesn't
want to be anything else and I think
that is just wow there's so much crying
baby put it out today and the birthday
boy has passed out do you think you
ready to see this baby you want to watch
your bird okay let's watch this let's
watch this baby that was born into our
lives exactly one year ago today where'd
you go I'm trying hard faith yes
tell us about the time that the female
Great Dane created the most delicious
chocolate chip cookie in the world okay
now look I I know that's one of your
favorites
hey Melek I feel like I wants to see
what you got done oh my my look I see
your new friend oh that looks like a
tasty treat to me well until next time
thanks for tuning in to the Shaytards
see okay we're leaving clean yourself
while we're gone this ball is crap
better be cleaned up by the time we get
back in adament objects tonight ready
winged the breezes sign my birth cries
breathing sleeping well ready baby her
heart away hey doctor today why am i
doing Indiana Jones alright yeah
okay this is just a little preview we
just got the costumes sunt are obviously
gonna be a ninja turtle princess tart is
going as a similar wrestler so looks
great guys
your costumes look really nice and baby
tart is gonna be a humpback whale oh
you're adorable
you're adorable look at you swimming
around in the Mediterranean Sea
that's great
