like I'm just trying to get close to say
I hear his voice and I just knew I need
a cool shot
tell us are the videos on YouTube we're
vlogging it's time to vlog now I know
you guys know that sound don't you hi
popcorn
your little Queens is it time for Shay
to come home yet cuz I really want can
we just say that out loud just go home I
love you it's not hard I'll actually
sometimes it is especially when you have
many important meetings his business
trip has been very beneficial and very
good because he's got a lot done but I
just miss him he know it's important
when he's out doing those things and I
just I just but I want to show you
where's what I did
you're not really gonna care if I'm
going to show you anyway because that's
what I get excited about is making our
house a home and here's one of the
things well it's not done yet
it doesn't even look any different than
nevermind
I'm gonna show you guys everything Carol
hmm
anyways here it it so I put up this
picture and I thought it would looked
pretty with the colors with the blues
and the Greens and the lamp that I got
for my Mother's Day and then the I'm
gonna put a picture of the temple there
and then like something else there maybe
me and shake because I love him and he's
cute and I really like him a lot and I
like this picture because it kind of
represents our like I believe that the
spirits of people that have gone on
before us and the people that are not
here yet in our family line are watching
over us and so that represents like us
in the world and this is all of our
posterity watching over so that's my
thought and I was happy with this little
thing that I got hung up finally getting
pictures on the wall takes me a while as
any of you know especially if you've
been a longtime viewer of the vlogs I
know there were a few houses that we
lived in that I never got any pictures
on the walls and then we would move and
I would never have any pictures on the
wall so I know that's a thing that I do
I wait for a really long time to get
anything on the walls but that's because
I have a hard time with decisions like
what is something I also look better
there I don't know like I know when I
put it up it's gonna be there for a
while like I am not changing it okay so
that's why it takes me forever but
anyways who cares right alright we are
doing a lot of things this evening we've
got cheerleading and what else we have
dance and Gavin's gonna be working on a
project and I'm gonna be having a
meeting with Kayleigh and Carly to
prepare some things so that's what we're
doing alright I want to see your cheer
outfits sure and the orange kitty is
great I got you this check so cute so
your wire this year I can't wait to see
you perform I haven't seen anything I
honestly haven't watched any we haven't
thought done it without you guys yet
okay I think use my pinky what am I
thinking yeah I guess you can't really
pinky swear without your pinky I'm up at
your hands are at the pink with me
telling you because they put pink in
their hair pick and choose for pink and
chairs for pink okay love you
I also took Emmy to dance and look what
she left in my seat I actually don't
know if you guys can see that but it's
glitter it's sparkly whoever gonna sit
there next is gonna have a sparkly bum
that's what we do at the Shaytards we
have sparkly bums do cause for a sparkly
well we have lots of sparkly bums hey
this is weird I'm sorry dude okay
everybody look at this the moon through
the trees
the action came out here to visibly
shape hold on he goes wait wait wait
wait
action my god fire near extended Buster
came out see hold on
you can get it one more time one more
time from the top he ready yes and what
is action ready you got entered you got
to intro yourself ready guys no I have
to say action and we're gonna come from
the tree that's right from the top okay
ready and ed Bassmaster action hey guys
this is out here well it's just me and
Luke we're not getting a cart that would
be ridiculous pushing my eight-year-old
around in the cart look I wouldn't be
opposed
but yes I'm opposed you're getting too
big I just can't do it
now we're just picking up some stuff
that I need to get for Sunday because
we're having a special it's called a
priesthood preview for Gavin because
he's turning 12 and when you're 12 years
old is when you can receive the
priesthood so I'm getting something a
gift for him for that I'm excited did
you know that your brother's having a
priesthood preview this Sunday yeah it's
gonna be a busy weekend Halloween of
course is that look you can't stop it I
told you once the holidays are here you
can't stop it
pull that whole bar down
how much 3do donor pool
blah
thanks guys I mean I went for it
what for newer one World Trade Center
the Freedom Tower we could go to the top
of that see those windows at the top
yeah it's a viewing is that brand new
check it out that's where the twin
towers were that is a gorgeous building
big mountains that when you do it at the
top it looks like big squares or the
towers for our grants take no more do we
just found out yeah hey Casey and the
boys left
well dachshund did my hair just like it
and Broncos doing the dishes always
welcome helpers Brett came up sweet
mouth mom could I do the dishes you okay
I'm just gonna tell him no not me well
these dishes are actually clean and they
need to be put away before you put more
dishes in there so do you want to put
the dishes away all right let's do it
the best beer in the world showed up to
your table make me look like an idiot
thank you I'm gonna hold it up here for
you yes let's go you're three and a half
feet taller than me climb the Harley
mountain we just had did not shout out
to this delicious delicatessen whatever
it is the Mercer kitchen for dessert
they did they did bring us a free Apple
so shout out for the free Apple just
chillin in the city with the boys now
we're gonna go do some push-ups
with potatoes okay miss you're watching
dad build bridges you guys in this video
before no I think you were really little
when this video was made you know into
that part out when I went down building
bridges guys anyways we're just watching
yesterday's vlog and just talking about
the trucks leaving look you already took
a sword
we were just when he destroyed the
trampoline do you remember that hold on
it was it didn't I remember when Gavin
did that obviously and he was just
telling me about when he did that and
what he was thinking it was so cute he
thought he was like a superhero on that
mom was gonna be so proud of him I'm
like oh it wasn't proud I was mad but I
wish I was proud now everybody can watch
them pop you know that dudes trying to
get in here too because he can hear che
and he hasn't seen him for a few days
and he's also the same sure they get
speaking of Thor's young lad with a
sword you silly boy the thing we don't
have a real one you can destroy the
trampoline anyways yeah Gavin destroying
the traveling with a sword and building
bridges over peaks and valleys where was
I talking oh yes tur days vlog to watch
it
nevermind I forgot my train of thought I
know I was saying something that's what
happens when your mom oh I just took my
thumb and you knows I'm so sorry like
I'm just trying to get close to say I
hear his voice and I just knew I need
him
okay everybody we are here in the room
Hartley's on the phone with his
girlfriend her name is Andy she says hi
everyone hi Andy I'm on the phone with
my Andy we're totally having that moment
- it's like that Collette just texted me
and she's like why aren't you texting
only because I'm not - dinner with the
boys so we're facetiming and it's like
that's like dave we just sat dinner I
swear we did some pull-ups and had
dinner we're talking about our wives and
girlfriends anyways okay I gotta go I
gotta talk to my wife and these guys
love you babe
bye I mean you guys say bye
I must invite you guys are saying bye
say bye these guys when's the last time
you are on a bike Harley got that Willie
game he can ride it Willie for like a
mile watch him go ladies and gentlemen
mr. ed Bassmaster Willian through the
city dang dude doesn't bump he's going
that was good dude all right ed has
found a jungle gym all right we made it
down to this romantic walkway with the
city look at that dude that's a cool
shot
tell us are the videos on YouTube oh
yeah that's World Trade Center right
there look at this
what are you doing at I missed it
well that's wrong no pot water so dirty
life see this Willie oh there we go
dude that's so cool dude those lights on
them are awesome
we got hardly vlogging we got Jesse
vlogging to make excuses not getting my
refund back that was good
go making excuses
Harley telling baby this is a blast show
me a good time this is sick now you
don't need to do anything else this is
the New World Trade Center or the other
two buildings were look at that the moon
this is a cool what a great evening
look at that thing what's this spot
right here walks through there actually
that's where the harbor is a well that's
a wrap on today all right everybody from
New York City that's wrapped out here on
the street
jesse wellens weaving in and out this is
a fun night it's a very unique
opportunity to be able to ride bikes
around New York City with Harley and
Jesse and advancement it's just a rare
opportunity for youtubers to hang out
with each other as real people because
everyone's so busy I tried making plans
with these guys in like three weeks so
now they're all I got I can't do that
okay good hang with you boys due date
all right we are we are like 30 minutes
away I think here's our clean dining
room I'm very happy with it I'm really
feels really good to have a clean house
as you all know and here's something
special Shane I got this picture we
loved it we both wanted to find a
picture of Christ to hang up in our
house that we loved and it was hard to
agree on one that we both really really
loved but we saw this one and loved it
and we got it framed and it was finished
today and he's gonna be so excited
because he doesn't know that I picked it
up and hung it up all right after
bedtime I know and you're like delirious
the kids are crazy right now but I love
it isn't it so pretty
that make me so happy I love it
this is this room has finally come
together the way I wanted it so happy I
love the mantel with all the Halloween
decorations still need pictures in the
picture frames but don't worry well get
around go what I'm so happy okay let me
show you one other thing I didn't tell
Shay about that's one of my favorite
things to do is when he goes on a trip
like I want to change things around so
that he gets home he's like oh it's so
pretty it's so new
this is Shay's office and for the past
since we moved in it hasn't gotten taken
care of like he comes in he does his
work but like we hadn't really set it up
we haven't really made it nice so we're
one step closer it's not perfect yet but
we'll one step closer
this is this happiness as a choice
painting in a myth hey balls to the
picture I know there's balls in the
picture but balls don't go to the
picture Emmy I am seriously going to
kick you in the bump good idea anyways
and Gavin and Naevia helped me hang that
up and then we have the two play buttons
that will be going up right here I
didn't get to hang those ones yeah
they're very heavy
are you Vanna White
do you even know me Vanna White is would
you quit with the ball you're giving me
anxiety we put up his picture of Mickey
Mouse that Brett got for him a while
back he loves hung up the tricks and
strengthening is that one of our viewers
gave to us that is so talented I love it
and we're still working on the rest of
that stuff up there but right oh yes he
wanted to watch this the other day and
we lost it so I bought it again so that
he can watch it and these rocks are
special these are the rocks that we used
in a video for shayloss inspirational
running video that he did when he on ran
up to the top of that hill in Los
Angeles I wish I remember the name of it
but anyways these are the rocks that
were in that video and so I didn't want
to throw them away they're sentimental
to me and to Shea and so I put them in
here this isn't exactly what I'd want to
put them in I want to put them in
something a little bit more transparent
but for now that's that's where they are
those are the rocks sometimes rocks have
meaning guys no big joke I like I like
rocks I'm just excited I think you'll
really appreciate get the ball
yeah Wow take my shoes off doesn't it
look beautiful in here
that's a rule those shoes in this room
even if they're Jordans even if they're
Jordans
ready hon do you like the showroom of
our home yeah I think I will lay here
that's cute
there's a surprise well it's just like
any ravioli without filling out my
like I already told him earlier unless
you cut it out I want to find something
better to put it in but that's what I
have so far surprise yeah but you wanted
to watch it the other day over hey
Johnson finally mr. Johnson file no I
said what the junk
okay he draws the line in Congo but your
beard is awesome and your kids are
awesome and your wife is
shame
uhh
