did you eat the babies I thought you
weren't gonna eat the babies he's
braking well he's making me break open
the pistachios and then he's putting
them in a little pile and he's going
babies babies are those your babies yeah
no other guys Oh crazy kid
yeah no Gary
can you open that one can you try to do
it by yourself
play hard hard ah you could you can do
it try again try again try another one
oh okay try that one didn't even try I
love you with all that Rockets going on
over there oh you're still trying to
figure out how to set that up that's one
of those things that he got for I don't
remember his birthday and then we lost
the instructions and I can't figure out
how to set it up just hold it and put
the cars on it I wonder if I could look
it up on online I think it's a Hot
Wheels thing we'll have to do some
research and figure out how to do that
why
hey don't tip over dude are those your
babies
can you open it try again alas try it
can you try it again
duh I know that's my phone okay try it
one more time I want to see you open it
you can do it I know you can try it here
try this one it's already mostly open
hero up oh dang it I just did for you
never mind we'll learn how to do it
later
who's this guy
Keesha what that's me
I'm just watching my case Casey nice nap
videos you know he's my favorite
youtuber you guys know Casey nice that
he's ever heard of him
yeah you've been trying to find him
Casey they're shocking you I found the
family that's not me though now they're
stalking me thanks a lot all right what
is your name Chris what's your in Laura
and Chris I brought these tricks and
hats to give to Casey nice tat but I saw
them first so I gave them to them sorry
Casey I'll have to get you a different I
got one for your wife but these guys
stole your other tricks and hats
oh so crazy there's Casey nice hour in
some camping computer store and he's on
the camera thing either he was gonna
meet you guys cut to me not vlogging
with Casey nice dad what I'm an idiot
what the heck I hung out with Casey nice
dad yesterday you'll have to go watch
his vlog to see me hanging out with him
I didn't vlog I forgot it skipped my
mind I'm editing and I'm checking the
edits and I'm like here I go to me Casey
nice that and then I never for some
reason never turned the camera on when I
was in his office why didn't I want
that's what we were there doing my
camera is sitting there on the table in
his vlog and I'm like why didn't I turn
I was swinging on the Rings in his
office it was so fun I rode his one
wheel skateboard plenty of perfect
opportunities why I'm son very angry
this is a frustrating vlogging situation
go check out Casey nice tats vlog cool
dude I just had to throw this clip in
here right now because I forgot to vlog
I thought I was supposed to be like the
og vlogger not so much turns out a stick
just toothbrush in my ear his rings in
his office I'm super jealous and I'm
gonna get some in my office ASAP and
ain't nobody telling me I can't do it
unless Colette says I can't then I won't
go back to the vlog hey Sebastian great
to meet you on the streets nice hat by
the way can't go to that clip now look
who I found on the streets of New York
City
guys what's up do everything oh yeah
i'ma bring your blog apart I think you
have it VidCon we think so
didn't you like so good haha you make
every day like I watch it involve me
it's like religion dude you don't even
know this guy has changed my life really
like everything I guess not like four or
five years I've been watching their
videos man and like if it wasn't for
your videos look I'm going to be very
serious right now okay it wasn't for
your videos always been calling out
alive
you think one of my stories is that I
used to get bullied on mocking rising
yeah told you that but it got to the
point where I actually started thinking
negative thoughts and one day I was in
Spanish class and I started writing my
suicide
I did appreciate life and that exact
thing was when I found
get serious and that day I was like
flying and I got home from find out
anything like that and if it wasn't that
vide you would have never taught me how
happy when it's done full of you thank
you for saying that that's why I keep on
watching your videos and that's why I
love you too because it was a big jazz
that I've got one-to-one connection
right and it was amazing and now here we
are having a one-to-one connection
all-purpose you alright this guy just
said what's up what's your name and you
watch our videos dude and this guy tell
them you're your channel name Rose m2g
se beautiful eg I'm gonna put a link
down you guys go subscribe to this guy
he's vlogging and he has 15,000
subscribers do you have a channel I just
want videos alright well that's cool
awesome alright dude getting the
shoutout alright what are you telling
her well get out Dave yeah get out
where are we at on at all where we are
Oh Mac any Spider Man wants to tell them
where we are
I'm putting my or miss nerdy girl she
thank you bad nerd day at school today
it's dare week until they have a theme
every day and I forgot to take a picture
of them this morning
avi you like cute - so cute so we are
coming to Gavin's choir concert this is
his first concert of the year and I'm
excited I did see him in his choir
concert he brought a cowboy hat with him
so I know at some point there's gonna be
a cowboy
hey anthem hi sure
oh my goodness
hey spider-man I love you get the bet
yeah all the sweet moves dude
all right all right all right we are on
a special mission right now in the city
to go find our good buddies Jesse and
Jeana but first Logan has to take a
picture with a bull's balls with a pair
of testicles you know cuz that's
important when you're in New York you
want to go have dinner with your friends
but there's priorities Logan look up
whoa look above you dude what is this
all right we're right down by the where
the stock market is this is like a bull
market it's this giant bowl for some
reason there's a giant pair of brass
balls on it I don't know yeah it's
anatomically correct I in pole hole
Wow well things you see in New York how
much trouble you get in for climbing on
top of it there's two cops right there
actually so it's probably a no no
anyways we're going to find Jesse and
Jeana right now we're about to dinner
there it is where all the money happens
the New York Stock Exchange they
exchange change stocks right now
building they really do that yeah
I just watched the movie wolf of Wall
Street that's not really what goes on in
there anymore I don't think Jordan Bell
really not the New York Stock Exchange
Wow right in there
they're trading and changing and yelling
and screaming and throwing little pieces
of paper on the ground that's about all
I know about that stuff right there well
we're back home eating dinner and Gavin
you did great very proud very proud and
we miss you daddy
really hard right now but yeah a pajama
day is tomorrow and I'm excited you wait
what yeah another thing it says pajamas
and rip reflux doing lunches and how
does that go with pajama day because you
don't have a root beer float for
breakfast whip your blows this should
give you angry bacon we do it what would
you have ever the letter to the likes of
you that's funny
you are what do you say spider-man the
Prince Prince spider-man would you find
match then what is it man hmm
you're gonna eat those okay you're crazy
I know I'd axons also to the edge or I
don't understand the word he's like you
know yeah okay stop eating things that
are weird do you need some dinner do you
need some more food yeah yeah yeah I'm
good good going to taco um this is a
very very fancy dinner with these very
very fancy people these beautiful fancy
people
you guys are just good-looking handsome
people almost as good-looking as this
stink all right the brothers get it dogs
put some butter and lemon on there and
see what a tastes like steak and lobster
for the Idaho boys thanks for treating
us you guys are buying right is that
what you said you guys have way more
views than we do
thanks for dinner the original soup huh
who remembers this no so far you one
year George the original suit man right
here that's cool what's the bit like
George did something he killed this guy
was like he was very specific about how
you ordered your soup and if you didn't
do it right he would yell at you and
George messed it up and so he didn't get
any soup anybody watched Seinfeld I feel
like kids these days like don't even
know a Seinfeld this may be like a
little sea Logan you don't know we're
talking about do you
what's the best sitcom of all time
generational thing man Casey no soup for
you
so we 101 do that was not what hey you
guys at dinner lingas I'm Phil but so
guys spot us dinner your steak and
lobster fancy treating us right it was
fun we hung out today we can't tell you
why we hung out today but you'll see one
day dude you're the coolest cat dude you
don't let every cake flip look at him
he's so good that was cool he's pissed
though he's out of here I love you babe
always walk him sorry hey I'm on the
phone with kaletnik she say thank you
I love yous anyways yeah Jessie's that
one as a cat ride the skateboard it was
cool I've never seen a cat ride a
skateboard guys I'm gonna go up talking
to my wife Gilman I get I'm hiding I'm
hiding out in Shay's office Oh sometimes
when you're a mother of five you need a
little centering and maybe not a mother
of five but a mother of a two-year-old
hmm he's very challenging right now you
guys and any of you know if you've ever
had kids or if you've had a sibling that
is that age you know how challenging
they can be sometimes that age between
18 months to like four years old you
wonder why
I decide to do this ya know he's
adorable and I love him but he's very
challenging right now he's very
independent screams a lot wants what he
wants all the time it's very hard to
reason with him at this point but he
will learn he will get there so I'm just
taking a little break and I am looking
at these awesome traits that Kaley just
made check these out oh and I'm watching
I was watching the vlog on my phone
sending footage and looking at the
traits I'm just smelling them real quick
oh you know I know these are my favorite
I love chocolate licorice mmm I'm
guessing there's a video that goes along
with these but I'm not entirely sure but
tonight is family home evening so we are
going to have a little lesson and then
we'll we usually have an activity but it
might be a little too late for that
tonight and then we'll eat these drinks
so I'm excited
anyway I love you che I miss you and I
know the kids miss you to death and Zeek
misses you so much mm-hmm he always goes
mm-hmm
because he misses you that's his and
then I look at him and I go oh do next
time we have that conversation I'll be
sure to flock it so you guys can see the
real interaction that happens instead of
my rendition of it all right family
night let's go do it here he comes
mr. skateboard man himself papa dude
this Jays look sweet
mr. jessee's so fast this guy carving
around
it is here hey we were just talking
about these are better than hoverboards
because with a hoverboard you still have
to push but with these things they're
electric Kasey's first try got a hold
the button to go forward or back and
it's forward
that's back dude here goes Casey don't
fall I put up really slow steady
I was electric skateboard technology
welcome to the future there's a garbage
truck dude that's cool all right my turn
my turn my turn
here we go which is what I push right
here hold that one down and then pull
the with that one and then push it
forward there we go okay so I right now
I'm at a powered electric skateboard
where you can just ride without having
to push just so much the best part about
skateboarding without all the work I
like it just skate now through to the
other side I was wrecked whoa I think of
fly man go back the other way
sorry no electricity skateboard you're
not cool anymore all right here comes KC
on the boost board cruisin around trying
to yeah
so fast Oh Lyon speed wobbles all right
here goes Jesse show us how it's done
he's carving and stuff
professional booster board jesse wellens
showing us how it's done
Wow Doan is fast here he comes here he
comes
it's not like that doing how'd you do
that I think you're coming yeah
they don't realize yeah so kids he
thought well when you look up and
somebody's come at you that fast you
realize there's no way you can stop well
no that's not a good game the head looks
good
she's got her skateboard and boots on
there you go
no skateboarding boots maybe should go
yeah it's genus turn a year the
controller you're the pilot to do
anything you always have to hold the
trigger now
yes I'll check it out I go for it oh
look you have to be on its slowish why
do they think about that when they built
these boards slow slow look at this city
man gorgeous
that was funny cuz she felt like past
the fence I couldn't see so it looks
very dangerous yeah just go slow and
lean into it if she goes there she goes
doing it she's a champion that's awesome
you got it you gotta you gotta you got
it lean
don't go into the street she's going
backwards right quick taxing that's
awesome right guys all right we're out
of here how do you how do you open these
how does this this New York I don't get
this by what an incredible trip this has
been I'm going home today when you guys
are watching this but I'm so pumped on
this trip meeting Casey nice tat hanging
out at the beam offices hang with my
boys Josie I love those guys and then we
got to hang out with Harley from Epic
Meal Time you'll see that in tomorrow's
vlog but it was just fun check out all
those guys Sebby G it's all part of the
YouTube community right like this is the
dream being able to do this for a living
and it's so exciting to meet other
creators and future creators and people
that are trying to make this work so
it's a cool community that I'm proud to
be a part of hashtag team internet
tattooed on my arm we got those last
night don't tell my wife dude you guys
seriously oh my grop I should edit this
out I can't tell you guys where it is
but I got a team internet tattoo Noah I
should not say that I'll probably start
something stupid don't get tattoos you
have one beautiful body I love it you
should love it okay what are we talking
about let's leave I gotta go thanks for
watching PS by the way thumbs it up you
know I appreciate it virtual hug both of
my arms wrapped around you for a thumbs
up the video it helps I appreciate it
and we love you and I'll see you
tomorrow yeah
what another vlog tomorrow that's right
that's right
all right you know how the inflate works
1 2 3 4 5 & 6 click on them we've been
making these videos for a long time I
think there's actually a 7 it's not the
actual you know but we've been making
videos on this channel for 7 years so
look at the in the video description
below you click show more and you'll
open up that video description there is
a 7th year now we need to start adding
that to the end slate but there is a
video that you can go seven years ago
this same month I don't know if it's the
exact same day but we've been making
videos that long so
it's been cool and awesome and what a
treat okay love you guys I got to go bye
see you tomorrow
