hi I'm login here alrighty here we go go
back in one more time action
nail bed alright here he goes
hit it go ahead there's Casey getting
the shot there comes advanced master Oh
family it's all about family alright
here we are we're in Philadelphia with
Casey and Logan and there goes Danny and
if you see on the bicycle that's ed
Bassmaster and we are making some videos
and enjoying the beautiful Museum of
Philip what are we at Phil this is where
we're at you guys and it is seriously
cool there's a shot hairy cops nice so
one of the reasons that we're here in
Philadelphia is to shoot this video with
Edie the me and Ed have been talking
about for a long time ever since the
last time we came here and Ed was
showing me in Casey has really tricks
we're making you'll see I'll tweet it
later but we're making a cool video okay
so we stopped shooting we got all the
shots here at the museum and we just met
summer's big viewer bounce summer and we
have an extra tricks an act so you can
pick one we're gonna give these to
people that we find in the city so like
that one look you sure that's your
number one pick out of all those that is
a : alright we're just finding people
that we meet we're giving them tricks
and hats okay you're in the vlog say hi
to yourself when you watch this later
hi hey keep it down over here keep it
down over her head alright my cute buzz
Wow you look fabulous Brock me CMD e
you're here wearing shorts it is cold
outside but they're his favorite Oh
mother just jumps to hearing next
topical you look handsome very handsome
come on Maxon are you a spider-man okay
we're gonna call him right now come on
let's go all right ladies what anyways
these girls had have dere week this week
and so they're supposed to wear all red
today and you look fabulous
ladies might I say you look fabulous
all right help me with this little bug
let's get into the store and get the
stuff we need then we're gonna go have a
week late oh it's our lucky day
you guys get to drive us through the
store in a red car it's perfect
okay start us up room room the penis is
their favorite thing about going
shopping is finding a car park and while
I hate pushing them because they're
really hard to maneuver it's very
helpful to keep them contained oh oh
you're getting too old for this I'm just
being with I'm fine we found something
else we need to look at Debbie jumping
this jumping Reaper yeah I know it's not
even Halloween yet and we're looking at
Christmas stuff you know what rabbit
stock holidays are here once they start
I can't stop it
yes you sure could Oh what my goodness
don't what would you even hit enough
stop oh yes you did you go put it back
right yeah we're rebels we can figure it
out let's fix it before somebody comes
and kicks us out well we decided we're a
little bit too destructive for Christmas
yet we need to calm down to be a little
bit more reverent before we can spend
some time on the pile
yeah like a sad for very keys to all
right we are here at the Liberty Bell
Monument apparently this is where the
United States president's very first
house was before the White House and
that cool thing okay how many sunflowers
did you shove it in there dude anyways
there it is
we are peeking in from the outside going
through the Liberty Bell and I was just
listening to a tour guide explain that
around the top of it is a scripture from
the Old Testament in the Bible Leviticus
it says to proclaim freedom among law
the nation's all the inhabitants of the
earth yeah anyways there it is the famed
Liberty Bell all right everybody this is
a very cool spot this is where history
in America began that is George
Washington the very first president of
our country and this ladies and
gentlemen is Independence Hall this is
where the Constitution of the United
States which many say is ordained of God
it's divine a lot of people have claimed
the Constitution is an amazing document
it was signed right in this building
those very bricks
house the famous men who began this
little idea of being able to live how
you wanted without anybody telling you
why or how or when you could
do what you wanted to do in your life
believe in God not believe in God all
that stuff those ideas started right
here just imagine John Adams Benjamin
Franklin George Washington these type
men waking up in the morning walking
past these trees maybe they weren't here
up those steps into that building to
figure out this new society you might
settle down you're having too much fun
in there new ladies calm down you crazy
cat all right we're headed to the fame
to love Park now with Logie bear
I wonder if Benjamin Franklin would have
ever imagined a skateboard riding past
City Hall oh look at the lovely flowers
hmm we're here in famed love park in
downtown Philadelphia a lot of kids come
down here to scape word look at the
fountain take a picture of the love sign
we got some people over here freestyle
rapping let's go see some freestyle
rapping right here in downtown
Philadelphia you guys want to do that
come on let's go hey what
got us flow yeah he's looking for the
flow he'll find it he'll find it yeah
coolest mohawk in the park
look at that thing that beard that is
awesome my choppers living in camp one
amen brother inulin that's the
adrenaline right there the out school
those guys need some tricks worse right
here in love Park all right Halloween we
can handle Christmas we're not ready for
Halloween we know what are we going to
be it'd be anything like a pirate I
don't know why I'm so obsessed with
pirates right now really want to be a
pirate
but if I have a really good idea that
Shay and I can be together that's not a
pirate than what's use that think about
it
are you scared what do you see oh you
could be that
what's that thing you already found it
great emojis right
but it's weird but whatever am I to
judge McGavin might be Leonardo skinsuit
Miranda or the sexy Ninja Turtle look
I'm finding there's definitely a lot of
fun costumes and a lot of trashy
costumes yeah
let's cure towards less trash more fun
okay bait tinky-winky so many random
things
oh look Adventure Time we went like this
what Maleficent I was gonna be that one
year and then I never did hmm I should
still do that huh well I'm not exactly
sure what to be for Halloween um but I
like to be I want to be happy but I
really I mean what do you think everyone
I don't know what costume I guess I'll
just go what do you think Brock I don't
know do you want to be my minions hey
you do okay good I have lots of minions
I might as well just have minions happy
Halloween that was beautiful what the
heck did the same all right well mr.
spider-man it's tradition he doesn't
want to be anything else and I think
that is just fine gonna be spider-man
again I'm gonna be spider-man sidekick
oh nice you're gonna be like a big green
blob yeah that actually is gonna be
really cute and of course I couldn't
find any power ranger samurais so we got
another spider-man for Daxton maybe
we'll keep looking for power and just as
he does love Power Rangers but he also
loves spider-man so I think that we do
okay with double spider-man and Mei she
already got her costume she's gonna be
Cinderella
that is cute thank you and India is
still looking she's still trying to
decide it is this ooh
oh he threw Cindy what does she do
I'm just curious is this what's that
genuinely scared me I thought the other
one was gonna start moving
okay that was right here
oh sorry so fun if you had all this
stuff at your house that would be ready
to set a hidden camera oh my gosh
geez there's a really that's creepy we
did a good job you don't want to get one
for our house
I do should we get one okay let's go
ahead man makes a funny noise at least
she sounds like a gremlin
rocks getting real brave oh the
three-headed bull Harry laughing on
Harry Potter Harry Potter character
right right here we are good morning
good morning good morning it's a brand
new day we are in Philadelphia at 30th
Street Station say it Danny you did it
all aboard we're taking a train to New
York City get on the train this would be
fun I've never taken a train from
Philadelphia to the world turns out the
temptation is for boats what here we go
here we go no guys with beards we're
brothers to the cool guys with beards
reunion look do we look like cool guys
with beards
remember this guy didn't have a beard so
we don't know why we brought him party
planner
he's the worst cool guy with beard that
we brought going it's been a couple days
way-hey when you give us your tickets
can you can you save just for do me a
favor and be like all aboard
that's his guy that's that's the wrong a
fat not with a ticket I'm just really
excited to hear that so I don't know
when it comes I don't know if you did it
or the other guy okay it's our first
time in public sorry
bring her her it's still my joke that's
my joke do you said that joke a lot good
no you have not
give me five
she gave me the mom look like you are in
trouble young man
that was the mama I was busted
hi guys
here we are Philadelphia train station
what a beautiful magnificent piece of
architecture I just fell off your
skateboard alright here we are we are in
the train station about to get aboard
this thing Casey's got his briefcase
headed to the city to get some work done
please - regrets did we tell you guys
we're going to a football game today
gonna see the Giants Cowboys going going
to Jersey all aboard
giant Bank of New York today I got my
all aboard in just like it got a good
one
oh boy that's a fun thing to say
alright knit home captain Jackson look
here's your dressing room you like it
then there you go if he's gonna help you
like I am maybe it is time for the
trying on of the Halloween costumes so
we're going to have a little peek show
before you know what you guys don't get
to see you're gonna have to wait to
Halloween so never mind they're gonna
try on their costumes you guys are going
to have to wait no York City here we
come
all right here we are we just got off
the train from Philly we coming out into
the city check it out in New York City
baby
Oh got it
here we are New York City
hi all right we made it 90 minutes you
think from our hotel to this goober with
this homie I did 90 minutes from
Philadelphia to New York City travel is
speeding up we took an uber from our
hotel to the train then now we got off
the train out on an uber to our hotel
Jimmy Fallon's man doesn't like isn't it
great
you guys go shout out to the Greek
corner coffee shop and diner established
in 1980 the same year I was born
dude that's a good spot been hanging
around for 35 years in New York very
proud of those guys now we're in Times
Square getting out of our uber dude I
love this city the greatest thing about
New York is that you can basically get
anything you need at any time of the day
food fresh you know he Hawk uses yeah a
block you walk it you're gonna get
something 24 hours just walk a block you
get a sock you just need one sock walk a
block at three o'clock and they'll give
you want to say you rock and I'll be
like thanks Jacque that's the guy who
sells it's honest and New York Johnny
Yankee hi guys these guys corroborate my
story and they look like upstanding
people operate robbery will probably
really good credit score I bet I bet it
700 of that okay thanks guys have a good
day Logan Logan push me push it can you
push me here we go give me some
we're in our hotel room boom
tom square look at Logan's vlogging
cakes drinking a coke Blake's looking
cool Danny what do you think first time
in New York I love Divi I'm just glad to
be here national and are all these TVs
you know the remote you want change in
Chad Logan doesn't realize he's supposed
to pay for that Logan now you have to
tip all those people or they'll beat you
up look at them all look at him all
surrounded him Dora wants her cash load
you better pay up dawg he hasn't been to
New York yet okay guys hi hi hi we're
here in New York City in Times Square
and check this shirt out yeah I'm going
to give to my dad if you guys know Carl
and Rox robots popped your name Megan
Megan nice to meet you guys I say hi run
very sweet
cheers - what you're doing right here
what are you doing hey guys okie-dokie
MetLife Stadium we're gonna come in
there and watch you guys play the booze
ball tonight the Giants and Cowboys face
off admit line candy
the Giants count with him guys
reppin you reppin the Eagles ooh rebels
ah with those clouds this is what I'm
enjoying its cumulus Nimbus situation
going on up here like that
I'm gonna hang off Mets Stadium hanging
through these clouds gonna get beat up
with this yeah here we go
I all right here we go baby
you guys Mariska Hargitay from Law &
Order SVU is down on the field let's see
if we can zoom in anyways you'll have to
take my word for it she's right down
there right regards for a hair going on
your brother executive school right here
there it is there it is high five
for right when the poolside all right
you guys these are not my seats but I'm
sneaking down just get this kick off
but this is too funny I have to bargain
each other hey Chucky Chucky can i watch
me get in there what we need guys he
decided to be this all by himself
oh you do look really weird I don't
really want you to get closer to me
what's creeping me out a little bit this
on yet okay the game is about over we're
trying to get out of here before the
traffic but check out this setting
something this is the best seat in the
game right here that that's a huge
screen
it is bright out light
