alright alright alright alright here we
are we're watching football which is
very important
Niners were losing i just--can i like
the Niners I don't care I like my family
more than football what are you doing
what are we doing what are we doing here
okay I've heard songs on the ukulele you
can play it already no no I know it's
like you're gonna learn it alright just
sing let's hear it
I'm glad grandpa bitches over here
giving these kids and talents because I
don't know all right let's hurry please
hang in there my son getting as on the
plane tree why away today she loved a
warrior balls brave and gay he rode run
days to new bridle far away now the
breeze is signing the night birds crying
for afar needs a star her prison
sleeping while red means we feed her
heart away
she watched one day I mind she kept the
campers bright bright and under the
skirt each night she would lie
come on keep it together ladies for far
far away Burger King fell bravely in the
fray now the moon shines tonight I'm
pretty Red Wing the breeze is saying
then I tried sleeping while red leaping
her heart away songs is words we're
singing a really nice uppity beat and
it's about for love dying good singing I
like it sounds good yeah good Axton see
it because she really likes it she what
she's taking it to he sound really good
look who's getting warmed up by the fire
eating their popcorns that nice and warm
careful it's hot Daxton what this a fire
in your popcorn hello hi exciting things
you guys exciting things looking look
guys look exciting big Derrick such good
timing exciting things you'd look at
that that was such a good timing
exciting things the tricks and clothing
is blowing up it's doing well thanks to
you guys because it's doing
we decided that we needed to start a
store in the mall
can you hold this to case I don't have
that many hands so you look so good
I'm starving actually a chick-fil-a come
out of that Oh
how does it look dude oh just in time
I'm gonna wear this to New York I got
the chain in the store yeah we got you
bling-bling trips and belt buckles get
them now oh yeah here we are
you guys remember a couple weeks ago I
tweeted a picture it was a video I said
sorry no vlog today I'm working on a
secret project this is it see that
yellow wall I painted that yellow wall I
thought Aaron Lafitte I saw day guys
here we are you want to see our new
store in the mall we just got this sign
we got to hang up the new sign it goes
right there you guys see where that fits
we're gonna put that right in there
hello everybody do you like the sign
alright here it is the erection of the
tricks and tricks I'm going to see if we
could do this without without making it
there Gaucher get that other ladder at
their logo then we just sit around
eating chicken sandwiches so some of us
sit around eating chicken sandwiches
thanks for bringing the rest of the team
it's a chicken sandwich Derrick here it
is dun dun dun dun dun dun dun and then
there it is I think it looks yeah we
need something behind it
we're put like a white film board or
black film board behind it no you can't
because then it will hit the lights okay
we're going to come back to this one
when they could get it figured out hey
yeah you hanging out with Julie yeah hey
guys oh I stepped in Barry poo whoops
EW gross and he did my hair right there
Oh anything my hair did you love it how
are you are you feeling any better yet
AV has had kind of a cold I love you
it's been a week we've been trying to
get her better and making her stay home
from school and stuff but yeah right you
love school maybe it's my super
excellent student that loves homework
her teacher haven't told me at
parent-teacher conferences she actually
is like this is enough work I need more
stuff to do she loved I'm being in
charge of being responsible
you made your own homework I did this
paper and throw a bunch of
multiplication problems like you did
well that's good that's gonna make you
very smart and you're going to I turned
it in Sheila that's cute she's always
learning always eager to learn I love it
and we found a park that nobody's out
right now I'm loving it because it's
kind of a little bit chilly but not
really like it's kind of summer feeling
but people think it's chilly outside
because it has been the past few days
anyways I like it
we're all allowed at the park is this
our park me and Julie's we own it don't
we bumpy
okay she thinks I'm weird sorry Julie
gosh and weird alright how's it looking
Hank it looks rad it's official we have
a store in the mall we think Logie bear
you guys see Chloe bear should support
his brand and not wear all this other
crap right now Skeet Skeet needs your
old dog you're all dying anyway this you
guys want to see the store creator of
this company love sad look they just
hooked us up with some sweet couches and
beanbags shout out to the guy that can
open that up and that not being Shea
Plus you can do like a rodeo yeah that's
what they're actually for this is gonna
be the old lounge we have a lounge in
the store where the love sacks are gonna
be chillin and you can watch TV play
video games watch YouTube video all your
entertainment needs right here in the
tricks and store in the lounge once
again we will come back to Shea when
he's got this figured out look at that
that's a big drop dude you can do it do
it again
oh you're fewer clothes okay I'm
watching
nice good job dipping them you know it
took me a long time before I could
figure out how to do those where do you
go going on the slide I'm trying hard
face Julie's going down the slide now
guys Gavin are you ready to catch her
being a good sport now when I called
niggas oh jeez I love it
okay ready Julie oh good she knows how
to slide see she didn't need you they
must like you vacuum-packed that bad boy
it's happening I bet it smells cool
cares what they feel like that it smells
have you ever touched through these
things when they're fresh they feel
weird hmm they do smell good
dude no smell your hand after touching
it
no no dang it dang I missed it that's
Braley's just expanded that's nuts
we gotta love your job just to break
that thing in local being come and
get me come and get me I'm falling down
barely fit in it come on come here let's
go to the big one alright now run the
big one are you ready ready okay let's
see it
it's so you can make a grand entrance
that's why
let me do it again do you need help hold
on we got to help Jackson okay go up up
climb there you go what an entrance
everyone was staring you're beautiful
fabulous excuse me sir
there's no skateboarding I dare you to
watch how hard can you make it down
there all right you guys we're on a
special trip way that's Road Danny's
getting out the GoPros oh we got Logan
we got high like serious gotta hit the
plane for luck
hit it for luck and family's for luck
safety first here we go I touched it for
luck good luck hey guys it's fall my
head baby we're at my parents house and
we just raked up a bunch of leaves and
now we're playing in them huh get all
the leaves off me guys having fun
these are haha it's beautiful out here
I love fall I love the smell of these
leaves they smell so good
what oh you're gonna throw them on my
head
they love it it's so pretty let me take
some pictures show us some sweet moves
dude all right come here
oh cool Wow well we're all boy scouts
know and the Girl Scouts don't know huh
that's good you like the fire Jack seems
very excited he was boy yeah don't get
too close due to job job well Jackson
brought me his hot dog and he was help
because he got through the bun he was
eating the meat trying to like get he
didn't want the bun apparently like help
Jackson do you like your hot dogs you
like hot dogs
alright update update on the situation
we just landed in Philadelphia
Pennsylvania after a very long layover
in Denver who made it it's 2:00 in the
morning we're in Philly for a crazy
crazy weekend I'm gonna tell you all
about it once we get to the hotel
Logan's just cruising oh it's such a
hi I'm hovering on my hoverboard that's
courier look at this Chris or a rough
ride and crew right here right
oh god you get we took like Philadelphia
Airport at 2:00 in the morning
skateboards with my brother's crazy case
you got your briefcase is this really
this briefcase right it don't be a wussy
face you only come to Philadelphia once
tell them Danny
write it from right there calling off
the bottom thanks mayor welcome to
Philadelphia look he's gonna try to
write it Scouten stairway hi this is a
Philadelphia urinal I am at the urinal
right now look at all these mirrors
boarding the shuttle late at night 2:30
in the morning boarding the Embassy
Suites shuttle with black labs and
triangles on our shirts Blake still he
can't help himself he can't just help
but to look rugged and handsome and cool
times KC how was the travel experience
oh I know I I felt like I was moving too
much the guy next to me was reading but
I kept bumping him I'm like where yes
snacks thanks all he's selling lays up
there what's up in there
do you have meatball subs look she's up
there already she's passing it out
Embassy Suites shuttles money hey you
can't will you be in our gang we're in a
gang that's our gang popping bottles on
the Embassy Suites let's do this guy's
woken us up
I want what is this is this dill pickle
no I don't classic I don't think I want
those can I have those did you want
those I saw it in your face you wanted
those there is I'll have one you have
one man what's your name do you want me
on YouTube is this cool it's Shaytards
not joking about half a million people
will see this what you call being in it
okay what's your name hey what's up sir
what's your name Carlos my name's CheY
Carlos what a coincidence
nice to meet you man thanks for the
chips this is the best hospitality I've
ever received on an airport shuttle on
the way to the hotel
kind of makes up for the plane ride yeah
the three-hour delay in Denver that we
had
hear that Carlos you're a hit all right
so where's my PvP generals out there if
it's 2:30 in the morning and you're in
Philadelphia what do you got to do wall
wall run hopefully Jesse and Gina are
you guys I I just thought wha was like a
gas station I didn't realize you could
like computerize order your sandwich
cool that's the coolest ordering process
I've ever went through it was like any
option you can think of you just push on
the plane she wide way today she loved a
warrior brave and gay hero run days to
the bridal far away to my mom pretty red
we the breezes sighing the night birds
crying for far needs a star her prison
sleeping while red means sweeping her
heart away this she watched one day I
mind she kept the campers bright bright
and under the skirt each night she with
my hand
come on keep it together ladies for five
faraway hurricane fell bravely in the
frame
now the moon shines tonight not pretty
red wing but breeze inside then I first
crime watch me play lemur baby sleeping
while ready sleeping her heart away
