all ready here we go one take Sunday
night slate
you might be familiar with this
geographical location you done Logie
Baird I'll go next
can I go next what a handsome devil Loki
beerus hey do you guys want to get our
picture drawn not taken I'm gonna do a
vlogs real quick hey everybody one take
sunday here i am look I'm at one of
these places in New York where you get
your likeness captured you need me to
hold still huh sir this is our artist
what's your name my pony hey Tony yeah
Tony's drawing us we're downtown
let's see Logan real quick let's see
this dude look at him okay so it's I'm
next and then Casey okay I'll try to
hold still this way
okay I gotta talk to these guys still
okay you guys listen I have to hold
still
hi I look like what art ID oh I think I
said a doctor first I thought you said I
look like art I'm like yes thank you
that's a great compliment but then she
said I look like an actor I'm a youtuber
which is way better look I got a
freaking peanut gallery over here this
lady
sorry you guys hold still okay I'm sorry
anyways so I wanna first of all I'm
trying to one take Sunday ma'am I told
you no smiling okay so I want to first
of all say I'm mad and sad and I feel
bad that I did not come to buffer fest
in Toronto listen lots of reasons first
it's my son's birthday which is like why
are you in New York and your son's
birthday
there's meetings tomorrow that I cannot
miss we're talking meetings about the
book at Simon & Schuster
we're talking meetings with warrior
poets for the blog you mentary sorry hi
and this way and I have to go to the
YouTube space YouTube has a brand new
YouTube space here in New York that I
have to go to tomorrow a bunch of
meetings I would not have missed buffer
fest or my son's birthday mostly if I
didn't just have to get these done
before the new year and before all these
projects are finished there's they're
not listening to me this is weird to be
vlogging this personal information in
front of all of these people but they're
talking amongst themselves we're talking
together anyways those meetings start
tomorrow morning at 9 a.m. but tonight
we are celebrating with Casey and Logan
I just want to show you what Logan looks
like it's good all I'm gonna say is he
started with your eyebrows dude I love
when my eyebrows are on fleek
it's the favorite thing about my
eyebrows um anyways look careful here it
is time I just talked to Colette she
just put the kids to bed we actually
said night prayers while we were in the
taxi cab on the way over here baby tart
Rufus Magoo ffice set the prayers for us
and Jackson was saying I'm too which
breaks my are you guys so bad I
seriously I feel sad that I missed his
birthday I don't want to tell this
emotional thing about these people but I
I feel really bad but he won't remember
hi
she's looking at me like she knows me
okay I gotta go one take Sunday in New
York City getting our picture drawn but
you guys are gonna want to see the
finished product I'm I will Instagram
Instagram actually we're gonna put it on
trixx ins Instagram can I get a sneak
peek because I gotta say goodbye to
these guys Tony here's mine say goodbye
to Tony tony say goodbye they're gonna
go say bye everybody we're gonna give
them a big tip okay let's see Oh Tony no
look I'm sure look at that moustache
show those eyes you're getting the eyes
Tony I like it okay this is our artist
these are my brothers and this is Tinker
Bell Tinker Bell from Times Square out
