what time is a guy pick up after
yourself you're in trouble and what are
we doing both we pee in them no we don't
wait what are we doing at it clean up
after yourselves and don't pee in the
pool I walk in here hey kids listen up
my kids aren't here right now and I just
feel like yelling at some kids so you're
gonna have to be those kids okay my kids
are at school they're not here for me to
yell at Colette come here I got some
kids let's yell at them don't let clean
up their houses we have your room and
your to a room I know that you guys have
your shirt wild up in the corner with
that shirt that's an alien riding a
donkey donkey don't know it's a mess
listen kids please mom and dad need your
help
listen pick up after yourself yeah why
why don't you pick up after yourself
anyway
I get that but look do you think me and
mom want to sit here and pick up all
these Legos and stuffed animals and
blankets and Cheetos ground into the
carpet Oh young man you might have to
get all the lip oh yeah yeah you guys
just help out your mom and dad assess
man listen up especially if you have a
single mom or a single dad help out kids
that will make such a big difference as
parents are just big kids that hate
cleaning too and now it looks like
people in the world think we're adults
and feel like we have to clean we don't
want to either so I hope I'll clean up
out around Iona Iona all right
we have exciting weekend we are going
down to Utah for a cheer competition
the reason we're cleaning this room is
because my buddy a dorian from the
internet coming on Monday they're going
to hang out here for a few days but
first a B has a cheer competition and I
reckon we're going to pry stay in a
hotel tonight and guess what is that a
hotel
you're right swimming pools and what are
we doing clothes we pee in them no we
don't wait what are we doing no that's
not all we do do not be a full of kids I
what have I told you clean up after
yourselves and don't pee in the pool but
what yeah we're gonna go swimmin you on
the swimmin yeah let's go to hotel and
go swimmin oh sorry buddy you can go
well go grab it we got a pack look at
him he's so cute I on your back rad your
charge of packing your own stuff
want me to help you get your backpack
okay I'll find it alright see you guys
go clean your room right now help out
while you're watching the rest of the
ball just get up straighten up around
the room why not stand up come on every
up every up look around the room what
could be trained up what you will find
it at your backpack you need to take
some personal responsibility for your
life can you try to be a big boy and do
it yourself
okay go do it there you go to get some
food check it out
this is a new way to play with your toys
where would be and then he chased that
you chased it last time I cannot believe
how good he is on me you look like a
superhero on that whoa nice all right
you guys today we're getting ready to go
on a little trip
we're just going to use our the day food
Rowley
yep we're going to Utah we're going to
swim in a pool Dana hotels going to be
fun I'm asking my camera
yeah Naevia has a cheer competition yeah
what I didn't hear you a mute a balut
buhdeuce you guys almost really not
heard this is a brand-new camera you're
in trouble
XK 1 yeah it is go on and you're a
booger don't pull on this no do not do
it alright anyways that's what we're
doing today bigger eyes now we're
running errands and we just kind of
package this is one of our favorite
packages to get Brandel but we love them
is there any pineapples in there
no I didn't get fine apples ha ha the
other thing Valley cookies man they're
single they're in hair Derek how is
school today
I think yeah they had meant pocket
little neat stuff acoustic chocolate
knock every pocket it isn't healthy I
know that's when I still see my other
with it okay I got it
whatever I saw one front and and me you
are a reading pool telling the last book
you read the bunny book hold on hold on
next in a semi Sun is right the Edward
one's a little bunny yes plays it's some
miraculous miraculous journey of a
greasy drink
Oh such a cute book I like that one okay
what Jack alright oh you feel good which
one is it sorry fo the gum you start so
cute I'm just gonna open on that don't
know about all of you snacky chances
it's that time again
what time is it guys do you think it was
so excited to go through the car wash
Jackson are you excited
no you feel a little scared
Jackson finally Phaedra's not quite
super scary as excited but he still has
a book on his face I'm sure about it mom
we're going through the car Jackson it
is scary to you in a little bit we're so
smoothly all on the flashing line losing
on the car is awesome
either was so awesome welcome without
180 here that looks like it's 14 to dry
off our car
right
see table guys tell us carry on how are
all clean squeaky clean wait what was
that Daxton girl awesome oh not so bad
yes not so bad so cute oh it is so bad
you're getting bigger and braver huh
guys
Jackson is going to be a rocket
scientist what is that it's basic yeah I
made it
oh my gosh you're so awesome tell me all
about it
where's the door he'll go under you go
under there he's driving the spaceship
got his plant you have a plant
yeah that's great Unni okay thanks it's
his sister's oh cool she's a good sister
for plant and stuff up in space huh yeah
yeah you're gonna go find some new
worlds and inhabit them he's your buddy
are your skis yeah oh good you should
get on Hey look you because you need to
have skis in space you know I believe in
you know mountain is on the moon and on
Mars and stuff that's awesome dude I'm
so proud of you surprised okay
I can't go unborn I don't put little oh
yeah yeah hi guys I just cool guy a mom
okay mommy
mom hi some fog jeans I dropped the
camera but then I can't fit right she's
mad
I look just like cat hello Jennifer
don't like a mission impossible it
kicked the ground Mike yeah what I was
going to give the party now it's a
little Megan if you have kids
oh I was just covering the microphone
just got in the car okay the cat is
helping me clean the car talk little
flash you so curious he's the funniest
kid
I love him and I guess he's not a kitten
anymore he's a big boy Hey
yeah oh yeah he's a good kid
all right let's keep cleaning the car
we're getting there from Nimr would
rattle we're excited I'm excited to swim
tonight Adam swam in a while and I'm
actually very excited to go Tommy
yeah you guys cluttered it's longer I
don't care obviously any more collected
in your show to Bangkok obvious bummer
I suppose not too close if we don't be
quiet what I picked out there's also no
smoke some because I like that bus does
everyone as well okay hey Winston
that's my Lannister what you do duct
tape and handles and again he's cutting
the animal open one minute honest one
minute member that you guys have stick
to a second literally the pool closes at
10:00 we get in there and have a blast
and moustache captain 90 seconds go turn
a ball all right grasses fall and we're
doing cool stunts all right you guys
let's see yeah
you did it now if you forget it we were
just a to flash the camera but now that
all the kids have been thrown
