so I have a video I'm not gonna show you
happy
it's really cute I think you're the best
Cheerleader oh whoa I just gave him the
best year later oh excuse i mentor
idling shear crack I catch me baby
we sword running he was doing this this
morning that's what I woke up to is him
running in a circle and you would like
at all
so time catch me catch me catch you oh
good catch go get him go get him okay
I'm gonna go ahead and sit down there
huh what years are spinning on a good
show we don't have any vlog footage so
well yeah that's pretty hysterical
Veloster so he was doing that this day
and I said how much funnier should we
have for hey she's like I'm not your son
okay vlog this love you know you cannot
hang on there oh break
are you gonna beg Laurie for you honest
man are you loving skills you have a
good kick all these sores Oh No
he sits down okay I'm tired all this go
up look that black code as we put out on
YouTube nigga did it hey hey we're ready
to so much oh my goodness be so scary
this is actually what he was doing
yo yo oh is that what he trained to do
max are you trying to wind up your yo yo
are you just running that's what he was
doing this morning had his string out
that's a little yo-yo a string on it and
he would leave the yo-yo in the middle
and hold on to the string he just run
around it in circles you're hilarious
hey I love you buddy
hey love you honey hey Malik I love you
buddy
there's Malachi you guys there he sits
ashes to ashes
yo yo yo so I figured I should say I'm
running I'm going to do some errands
real quick but I was gonna say be
careful with your kids I know I'm really
rough and rowdy I'm barely eat you I was
just thinking like I've had a lot of
practice almost every single day for the
last 13 years so I'm a pretty good kid
Wrangler but uh just be careful with
your like cuz I see like Gavin and AV
will start doing that stuff with him I'm
like y'all easy you're not as strong as
me not as skilled as me so just be
careful with your nieces and your
nephews if you're babysitting don't be
like I'm gonna be like shaycarl whoops
broke his arm
ah that's not good so just be safety
conscious
I wouldn't you know risk my kids safety
I guess it is a little bit but I feel
confident with the level of risk and I
guess it's not my risk I'm kind of
risking his safety but I think he likes
it anyways just a little PSA the more
you know kind of thing love you okay
don't worry buddy no go just be nice
hey guys we're at Kaylie's Falls film on
the moms view and we're getting ready to
do a fun challenge is it a challenge I
guess it's kind of a chance
well how much chocolate can you eat yes
I could win I win
check out Kelly's treat it's so pretty
and I love that you decorated your help
like nice so cool you put his head in
the Christmas tree what all right you
guys we just did a ugly sweater contest
sale I'm not gonna show you my saw you
have to wait and see so I have to watch
hi Lacey
my internally so happy we'll see that's
really cute gonna show right here say
hello to my little friend say hello to
my little Moberg look you see the train
racing it let's go racing the Train
Tyler what do we see we got a big book
rolling up on the residential area here
oh I gotta zoom hurting his dole around
maybe there's a bunch of him up in there
we have four point dude where I can't
see him obviously now he'll come out
hold on there's a couple of them in
there yeah we're uh we're witnessing the
wildlife in action right here look at
him her there was a big four point in
theirs right there he's gonna come
outside the tree there he is this is my
cousin Tyler you saw him on the
hoverboard the other day we just saw
some deer on the side of the road and he
claims that he can vlog with a deer so I
think we're gonna give him that chance
are you ready Tyler four point eight
there but yeah I know you're looking for
the buck aren't you yeah there's a
little one right there see that little
one there's a little one right there
Tyler once the four points okay okay you
ready okay go vlog with the deer that's
rolling it's wrong where's that big deer
at always right there under the tree
stop Jay stop right there
look hey he's going across the road
that's my big boy how do you zoom in che
how do you zoom in we're vlogging the
deer we're vlogging it here come here
yeah yeah we're vlogging just won't see
the crip walk we get a good shot of him
we got a living here Oh big year for
48:29 yo D had white striped zebra
status duty was great beautiful II got a
good shot where's your pillow gun okay
they don't have one of those my okay
can we throw like a coffee cup a team
gonna have you that's gorgeous
calling them names nothing like you very
much
nice okay Bret Gavin's wrestling match
but she's a four seconds it was in the
guy in the class anyway so he's not
wrestling today all right well maybe he
will hopefully he gets a chance and
we'll get to see him he had to forfeit
Blaine
hey bomb yeah it's all fired of the
Mendes deficit on the sidelines but I
bet you were a really good cheerleader
that's one thing about Gavin and I
really appreciate when I come to these
matches meets matches here we sit wrong
he's always a really good cheerleader he
cheers on those other guys thank you I
think you're the best cheerleader
you're the best Cheerleader sorry oh
whoa I just gave him the best year later
excuse I mentor idling shear crack you
guys is so handsome today is he not okay
okay
pant I just got like doodoos hints tips
good he always likes to wear his damn
mr. Sokoli a found on lose your cool no
you could have this done so generous
anyways all right love you your don't
you guys cute okay sit down
see Bobby alright now we're gonna go
meet dad for dinner all right she ends
the night I'm sorry I forgot to vlog at
dinner I didn't up the kids are all wild
riled up wrestling Gavin he didn't get
to wrestle today you know did you get
hurt already
okay come on she runs Jackson's in the
path oh if you do frogs Creek boy to see
how are you below beating here
I oh my goodness okay it's very single
needy right now dude
okay yeah I don't want this over
the aw he's below it works we've been
busy all day what we're doing we're no
longer okay are we done wrestling no he
just thinks he has to be right up in my
grill did you guys have a great day
today
yes yeah I like this okay four down and
go Freddie hmm I'm amazed Caillou
instead of okay hi guys
please because you have yeah they're
weird okay
