testing testing it is October 21st 2015
this is Back to the Future day this is
not a brand deal endorsement in any way
I am just a huge fan of the series of
Marty McFly of dr. Abbott Brown Emmet
backwards is time I'm gonna go back in
time I'm gonna go back in time alright
listen up milk chocolate we did it
 okay okay guys look we're in the
mall parking lot that looks a lot like
Back to the Future looking guy right
here he's he's reporting on the news
the Libyans are coming they know you
stole the plutonium it's another day the
shady tall tip of the day Ashley Todd
zekiel is asleep e.g kikyo sleeps
sleepy sleepy yawning hi
which mean is it getting really good
there at the prom what kind of a book is
that oh I was gonna say there's like
huge pictures where's the words
show me the words okey there's the words
I like that it's written like a diary
this is the best part that's why there's
pictures okay you have to see prom
pictures it's five points are you are
you gonna go to the prom someday are you
gonna miss me when you're at the prom
probably not really but I'm gonna take
lots of pictures of you before you go
okay okay hey guys what's up so I just
got a kendama I got it E
yesterday I think yeah I got yesterday
um I've been playing with this thing all
morning off
there times charm funny thing is I can
do all these other tricks but I can't
spike it yes anyways so oh sorry I show
you guys my tricks oh and here's them I
invented this one sorry
so you guys there
testing testing it is October 21st 2015
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls if
you do not know what back to the Future
day as i'ma tell you what it is right
now this date was foretold by the
Prophet Robert Zemeckis here's what I
did
here's what we are going to do together
you guys want to hear about this let me
tell you about I'm about to because I
have an English language thing that I
can do with my mouth I just went and
bought 20 count them 20 movie tickets
but listen I just lied to you because
you know what attached to each one of
these movie tickets is two movie tickets
so in actuality I just went and bought
40 movie tickets because tonight on
October 21st they are showing first and
second Back to the Future movies back to
back back to the future one and then
maybe probably a brief intermission I
hope so because I have to go peepee in
the potty
but then right after that Back to the
Future 2 and I said I'm a knight let's
do that today is the best day and
probably the one I mean the best day
that exists to be a Back to the Future
fan and if you're not a fan today then
you ain't a fan so we're going I'm gonna
find 20 friends 19 friends well my wife
she's definitely coming
I gotta find 18 people don't want to
come with me to this movie but we're
gonna go to the movie tonight with 20
people
you guys wouldn't be part of the journey
are you excited I'm excited it's gonna
be exciting I'm gonna go back in time
maybe my dad's teaching him the chords
to that gavin's actually been playing a
lot today I'm excited all right
I just sent out a mass come to the party
text message to see who with my family
wants to come to the Back to the Future
movie party night with me because we'll
remember this day forever this is the
day to think and talk about time travel
we're gonna look back on this day so I'm
waiting to see who's gonna text back
first from the dentist and he didn't
have any cavities again I'm so proud of
them
you're doing a good job with their teeth
drop all right we're backing out the car
and then Shay is on his way home we're
excited to see him I love you I mean I
know that was creepy you really don't
want to see me anymore really weird
but I'm backing me out of the car so
that's good no okay fine you just down
there online a little vacuum out the car
to tell you guys terrible twos so they
are here and they are in full swing
there's not even two yet he's really
close we've got a week left and he'll be
too
it's always a fun ride in the car wash
baby I'm happy finally clean alright so
I have these twenty tickets I'm trying
to decide where to put them before the
movie cuz it's like noon and I'm sure to
lose these things in the next seven
hours t-minus seven hours till the big
Back to the Future movie night starts I
thought to myself where would Marty put
up where would Marty put him I I have no
idea what's gonna happen to me in the
next seven hours I could be
time-traveling in the next seven hours
what if it happens today what if because
of a wink to the technology and a wink
to where it really all started what if
today was the day that we figured out
that time travel does exist and then
it's like hey guys all sudden like
future us are here and they're like you
guys it it exists we can time travel and
here's how it works
download this app right now it's 999
dollars
and here's what you can do for free for
not the thousand dollars that it's gonna
cost what we're gonna do is we're gonna
give you one download for free and
here's what the download is if you've
seen the original movie Back to the
Future the day that you originally saw
that movie you can travel back in time
that's the one free travel download that
we're gonna give you with this app and
you can go talk to yourself on the day
that you very first saw that movie back
to the future how old were you the very
first time you saw the movie Back to the
Future and what would you tell yourself
I was like eight
I'd say do more push-ups you put why
would that be my adviser horrible if I
would have like a jet here and I don't
want to edit that out because it seems
shallow but I'm gonna leave it in
because in time I can't take back what I
just said
so that was the choice I made right
there and I have to live with it edit it
out because today's Back to the Future
day so our decisions matter
so can you that's the question that's I
guess the ultimate question of time
travel can you edit the things that you
did in the past to make your future
better we've got seven hours okay we're
going into the mall to see the kids
where should I put these tickets I'm
gonna put them in my wallet because if
I'm gonna be getting up to 88 miles an
hour in a DeLorean to travel back in
time to talk to my 1988 year-old self
when I first saw the movie I'm gonna
need these tickets when I come back so
we shouldn't keep in my wallet that'll
be in my pocket that's what Marty would
do I bet
where would Marty put the tickets it's
like Oh No
kids love these things
the sound every reminds me of Star Wars
when they're like being eaten by that
thing in the ground and we're waiting
for Shay to get that he's just
that's cool right Jackson
all right you guys in the mall good news
good news we got Ted cuz it's back from
people Colette's
text back Loken mom all right so I
actually just landed here speaking of
traveling back I'm traveling back from
Los Angeles I was just there for some
meetings and stuff but it looks like
everybody's in to go to the movie I'm
gonna text my mom get your popcorn
buckets ready mom cuz every time we go
to a movie she's like I got popcorn
buckets
all right turn the cameras uh this is a
private moment I need a large oak a
large chocolate milk I have a mission
today I think is know what it is
remember remember today's like milk
chocolate can you slide that milk to me
there you go milk chocolate today this
is the October 21st
listen would Marty McFly said maybe put
a little bit of water on it yeah I'm
making flipper como si yeah I think
you've already done it actually it's
building yeah this guy okay milk
chocolate
we did it we nailed it
oh we should have shown our food I got
some delicious food and just ate it but
I didn't show you cuz you know why have
you ever seen Marty McFly eating no he's
constantly gotta be moving he's
constantly on the go because he's gotta
solve the problems of the past you guys
check this out it's all meant to be I
just took this picture leaving the
restaurant we were just at exhibit
number 8 why this all is meant to be
this is Daxton as we're walking out of
the restaurant Oh
oh you scared me - don't this is creepy
stuff look who's sitting at hold on
white we should we go save it
we better you want me y'all donate how
much one kiss we need to go save the
clock tower listen okay everybody just
show out
look it backs in space he's not a good
mood Mako's at the bar look who's
sitting at the bar that's dark brown you
guys that's just where I ordered the
chocolate milk
you guys Doc Brown was sitting there
when I ordered that chocolate milk
Daxton I know text him that's Doc Brown
- dad look she was at that bar where I
ordered the chocolate milk
that's crazy happy Halloween t-minus six
hours to the movie let's go - one hour
till the double feature
to the theater kids film the kids film
the kids kids would Gavin if you could
go back in time five years from today
and talk to your basic hero himself what
would you tell your six-year-old self
think about it back to us
all right you guys spear here look who's
here with us Lexington is Emmys being a
little spaz tastic said they sold a
ticket
guys look I'm excited for the opening
scene the opening scene is one of my
favorite I have a good periphery of
walking vision I don't need to be told
to watch that table lap vlogging
peripheral vision baby has got the
blanket she's ready for the doubleheader
tonight back dude check it out I'm going
to the enchantment under the sea dance
with the hot high school homecoming
queen ah here comes Emmy there comes the
cleanup crew dude this is such a treat I
never got to see Back to the Future in
theaters now I'm gonna see both of them
I can't wait beat ETF combo baby
it's movie don't dad what what would you
tell yourself if you were to go back to
1985 by stocking selfish that's how you
think about mom what would you tell
yourself in 1985 hey you a fine actor I
was fine what would you tell her
something
I wish we would have been filming when I
yelled at you
hi guys I was in line line treats and if
it was taking a long time because I have
a lot of kids on bikes candy and we
hardly said really loud Tony said
the movie we're gonna slap you did your
one and that's the future - are you
excited
have you ever seen back to the future
what would you go and tell yourself in
the back in the future in Japan say like
a stock think see you avail yourself but
you and dad are selfish that's all you
think about I'll go back and make them
mine and help people Jackson I would say
world peace is my final answer
you guys are handsome Jackson did you
ever see Back to the Future in the
theaters
do I love I love this first scene my
favorite thing you guys go back to the
future in the future okay okay
what did you think it was very fun
not everybody lasted both movies we
watched the first movie and then a lot
of people left and then we watched the
second movie and the second movie
actually isn't over yet but really I
mean yeah I like that do that's one of
my probably favorite movie franchises
Back to the Future today is the day that
Marty and Doc went back in time we just
watched the scene where he goes to today
in 2015 and sees all the stuff that is
supposed to be futuristic what do you
think keV
what's gonna happen in another 30 years
I bet you in 15 years all that stuff
that was supposed to be futuristic stuff
that'll all be like lame will like
teleport will definitely have
hoverboards by then
it was fun happy Back to the Future day
sunny okay okay guys look we're in the
mall parking lot that looks a lot like
Back to the Future looking guy right
here he's he's reporting on the news
the Libyans are coming they know you
stole the plutonium thanks news guys
never have I heard somebody laugh learn
from hearing the term the Libyans are
coming doc stole the plutonium from the
Libyans and they came in shot over the
chest and your kids are awesome and your
wife is
and the shame
