Oh
don't be ready toes take me with this
pose
hello everybody welcome to the Shaytards
channel do you know that the Shaytards
channel actually started in the
refrigerator
alrighty what filming a video quiet jeez
I'm looking for something to eat now
let's get serious
this channel is the Shaytards channel
this channel is gonna be just to do
whatever I want with and I know you're
gonna say sure what about your chin okay
you do whatever you want on that channel
yeah but then people like that was
in Fanny this channel I'm not even gonna
give a rat's patootie about what goes on
here I'm sure whatever up and I know
you're gonna say hey don't you do that
anyways well shut up but saying those
things we're calling it the Shaytards
cuz I coming of any other name and
somebody or you took Shh our rebellion
night are you ready
they are so good to me hey what's going
on run my bicycle I just barely passed
kindergarten that's what's so good about
lean on these daily vlogs it's like you
discover these really cool stories that
I never told before inside this is off
the charts for a decade Lisa soon as we
go home I'm turning on the camera my
name's Jay and I'm here to say I'll be
your class president every day stand up
stand up oh you're right we have to stay
strong
hey super notes raw goodness my wife I
gotta get dog food to do drugs kids do
tomatoes no really you don't bad oh
we're so witty and just random you never
know what we'll do and the beard of all
beers will become King beard I want to
share
we feel the music
I'm trying to watch TV here and you're
in the way she has the TV hey how's it
go okay son tards gonna see if he can
pull me ready go why do you force me to
physically harm you should I continue to
pummel Gavin and tell within an inch of
his life I get to keep
we were talking about the book Farrah
said yeah we're gonna go get some bucks
and then later today he goes did you
know you get to keep the book Oh hard
long as you can pull me what do you have
to say captain the reads a lot stop
crying
a leaf is purple in your brain
hey where we at what did I tell you I
would do what a knight say I would do go
to dancer chair I told her I would take
all of her crowns and I put them on the
stove and I would melt them and then I
would drink it all and then I would be
rainbows have you wait a minute aren't
you gonna pray first that's right
clean the floors little girls hit pretty
hard
where are you going baby card baby card
you niggas say baby toy let's see if you
can do it ready pull hard
no you cannot either have to wait till
tomorrow to see your hair it's a
surprise
tomorrow is the haircut vlog you can't
see it right now don't look put your
nose through that hole but your nose let
me see your eye
hi okay that's good
oh he's doing something and she thinks
she needs some pizza but she's already
had like yeah look at baby turn watching
it she's like is this a show this is a
Broadway show
he's gonna turn the fire baby hey Brock
did you miss us
did you miss a cool crazy blast from the
past
you guys are PD excuse me we are a
little busy can't you see we are
obviously working on something we're a
team were cohorts in a giant conspiracy
on the Internet
and we are currently typing out a very
strongly worded you know Calvin hitless
notes get blondie oh hey baby are you
ready are you ready to come out yet do
this grab here is George Jackson how'd
it go downstairs
watch yeah you have to put it on my foot
what are you complaining about you
didn't have to give a lesson see you
guys tomorrow all right that's a wrap
we love you guys thanks for being part
of our lives for watching our videos
well that's what we're gonna do I'm
gonna make a video on here every day
I'll tell you what I'm doing you guys
can leave in the comments what you're
gonna do but let's set it go let's do
two months we'll go to December first
and then I mean there's got to be a life
thing that's a weird talk about this
we're talking all about this this is
just a quick video
Gavin Hitler's non-circuit blondie Oh
who held as long as that was beautiful
welcome to the new Shaytards annal is it
shaped arts
yeah Shaytards i had to look at my
computer
it's Shaytards so anyways if you guys
want to subscribe you can okay I'll make
another one tomorrow see you guys
