whoa backdraft bro no but like there was
like that's cool
fires awesome watch your language young
man how big it is that's why we put it
in there the morning I just woke up it's
more than time you guys want to see my
morning routine what I do when I wake up
every day okay let me show you ready
here we go here we go it's my morning
routine take notes
oh then JK lol gotta get up what time is
it 6:30 3:00
Jesus says it's time to wake up let's go
good morning to you too the mmm and the
ready for school to get some education
in your brain to learn your brain smart
smart brain smart smart brain smart do
five push-ups right now give me five
push-ups to make your muscles strong no
don't even wait for school is your room
clean why don't you see what you can do
about that real quick fort bus comes
okay okay I won't you straighten things
up just a bit thanks lady
appreciate it top look that looks fun
nope
this is usually what I do every morning
at 6:30 in the morning you guys I make
sure yeah
technology you stretching huh no some
breakfast
let's go make sure a bee is awake first
connick oh you're gonna help me put the
wake the kids up you too tired look at
him he's so tired he's sleepy boy no
wait the kids up for school after we get
the kids off to school I'm gonna come in
here and hang out for a little bit and
make I'm just gonna move those around
maybe bring them up and down take some
off put some on step around push pick it
up put it down pick it up put around
messing around and then I'll send on
here for a while like this I'll pick
these up and like this for a little
while it's fun I think
hey it's morning time did I give you a
heart attack
hey good morning it's time to braid your
hair for the bus stop I just do anything
of funny things of Sam makeup well songs
and poems it don't make sense
it might seem random and entertaining to
watch while you're braiding your hair we
have your mom braid your hair and your
dad make a video of you look on YouTube
for the rest your life you have to
remember and look back on and be like
why did dad let me bring my hair what
didn't improve so it's gonna happen
oh wait what I've known for many years
hmm I've known my level obnoxiousness is
off the charts for a decade at least you
know so some straight talk real quick
right from the top of the the nope not
feeling this this section of the room if
I was to draw a dotted line of things I
don't approve right here all that would
include it so what I'm gonna do now is
I'm gonna set this right here while I
pummel you
cleaning your room that's what I do on
my kids I'll clean their room up should
I continue to pummel Gavin and tell
within an inch of his life
let's see results oh look he's awake now
he wants to fight Zeke needs to be loved
too this morning my ZTE rocks a good
morning cuddle and we go Gators good
morning cutter they'll be grumpy
attitude
all right we're gonna be having posters
out next month
morning time jam session off
I draw the line at conga line I cut all
the funny you got seek I heard something
at the door we're supposed to bark
ferociously okay I think okay Kay just
come on in then you have to give keys he
wants a kiss right on the lips first
it's kisi you go and what are you gonna
come in alright come in and now this
portion of my day is brought to you by
headphones my favorite part of the day
is this part of the day I do this and
this isn't something I guess that I show
a lot on the vlogs but every morning I
go on a little ride or a little thinking
session a little pondering praying
listening to music and books and
podcasts and just considering different
options type session in the morning some
of you may read scriptures I sometimes
do some of you may do yoga or meditate
or exercise or just some sort of let's
just kind of chill all the craziness
that's going on in the world and just
have some brain time you know do you
have that you need to it's good for you
just a relaxing re-centering a focusing
a purposeful existential come out of
your head to look at your life type
moment where you think what are you
doing self are you doing what you want
to be doing are you
at where you want to be at have you
thought about that which leads me to the
next portion of our day
the real sponsor of this section of our
day audible.com O'Shea a sellout listen
up if you want to get more information
if you want to be able to think in a
different way to be your own devil's
advocate to truly have more power
because you have more information you
have to read books you have to get this
information somehow and I don't like to
read so I like to listen to books and
that is why audible.com is probably the
very it is it is the world's leading
with a hundred and eighty thousand book
titles it's the number one place where
you can get information while you're
writing your motorcycle in the mountains
or riding your bike along the bike paths
or driving your car to work a hundred
and eighty thousand places where you can
go to hear an expert I want to promote
one specific book that actually
ironically enough is not on audible yet
on the 20th this new book is coming out
called extreme ownership hang with me
real quick I just recently started
listening to Joe Rogan's podcast quite a
bit um he talked about my brother Casey
levere in his last podcast about hunting
thanks Joe Rogan anyways Joe Rogan
tweeted a podcast with Tim Ferriss
and a Navy SEAL by the name of Jaco Jaco
is a stud muffin Jocko is he man he is
Rambo Joe Rogan said he's a man amongst
men but of course Jaco being the humble
powerful Patriot that he is said that he
is just a man amongst other good men
anyways he has a new book coming out
called extreme ownership two things
first thing the title of the book
extreme ownership he talks about when he
was in Iraq as like the leader of his
platoon for the Navy CEO of the seals
I'm gonna mess up all the lingo sorry
I'm a civilian
anyways everytime that like the main
main commander like the dude that's like
two levels under the president would
come to them and they would say what do
you need to help do your job better here
in Iraq this jaakko guy everytime I
become
we're fine we're good we don't need
anything we're doing our job extreme
ownership taking possession and control
of your life not blaming or making
excuses for why you're not where you're
at or pointing fingers at other people
saying well I didn't get that thing I
didn't get the job promotion or I don't
have the car I want or the house I want
because of that person they held me back
sometimes that happens but if you don't
take extreme ownership of your life you
will be constantly making those excuses
and not being where you want to be and
not feeling how you want to feel because
you are letting outside influences other
people influence you and affect how you
feel so you with your life have to take
extreme ownership and I have not even
read or heard the book yet but I
listened to the Tim Ferriss podcast and
this yakko guy is the real deal and I'm
like I want this book and so inaudible
came to me they're like hey we want you
to promote audible I said okay do you
have extreme ownership they said we will
on the 20th I said okay well I will
promote that book anyways if you want to
listen to some other books I have also
been listening to Tim Ferriss 4-hour
body and 4-hour work week which are two
great books I highly recommend check
those out but on the 20th I will be at
the front line I'll be waiting overnight
at the front of audible.com yeah I guess
there's not a line but I'll be waiting
on my phone to download extreme
ownership and I will listen to that as I
ride around here in the mountains and
think about where I want to go from here
and you need to think about that too and
I think you should do it by listening to
books and gaining more information so
that you can think about things in a
different way you can feel motivated to
do something with your life because
other individuals have faced extreme
opposition like war and have still come
out with good attitudes and a positive
mindset willing to work towards a more
positive future that has light hope and
optimism as a part of that future
and it all starts by reading a book or
listening to what
you can't read a book when you're riding
your motorcycle in the mountains
audibled oh here's the other part I
gotta say audible.com slash Shaytards
you sign up for a membership now you
will get your very first download for
free audible.com slash Shaytards to get
your very first piece of enlightening
powerful knowledge for free ok go check
it out links below now I gotta go edit
the vlog alright I got all my homies
with me how was school good where are
you meeting a sucker where did you get
that dance class curses dance class hey
oh you're right ah rocks trying to help
me out he goes there's little games you
have to play when you have a toddler you
guys and he gets it rock gets the game
so he's like she didn't say the S word
it's the S word but not that's what
you're thinking don't say it alright you
guys we did it
fire finally we finally got it
that wouldn't be a fun fire to fall in
don't slip and fall on the fun fire okay
you fellows don't frickin fall on the
fun fire forever
that would be feverish with a falafel
falafel falafel if you fell on the fire
oh I cooked Oh weed happy fire everybody
Daxton back up it's hot you can't touch
it that's good it's a school night we're
not gonna have a fire forever we're not
camping out here we're just hanging out
for a sec
my guy junk he tripped on a rock and
said all crap in any I hate when that
happens it's the worst when you trip on
your wish then you turn into a pile of
crap contacts have you ever had to do
that when you're like running off a
cliff you have to run into him up at
night wish what you want to be and then
you trip and you like yellow crap and
then that's what you turn into
well that explains how you got here okay
all right well we're having a fire it's
a school night we want her to use our
new fire pit because we're gonna be
doing some camping we're I guess
summer's over plenty of hot dogs and
marshmallows rosing stuff yeah still
it's nice having the waterfall right
next to the fire pit cuz it sounds like
we're having a fire pit right next to a
river and everybody knows that when
you're having yourself a fire pit you
want to be right next to the river cuz
it's nice sound that rustling water over
the rocks something about it's just kind
of satisfying you know I'm saying so we
live we just watch the water burn as we
listen to the water trickle make that
into a country song listen into the fire
burn as we lit no wait what'd I say hey
babe we're watching the fire burn as we
listen to the water trickle huh fires
burning in waters trickle into fires
burning at the water trickling trickling
trickling burning burning
looking hot like Cola yeah burn and
trickle and trickle in and burnin burnin
and trickle in water alright okay it's
some trout in there yo huh brown trout I
like that shot that's cool
what are you guys doing in the bushes
what are you looking for Jackson what
are you looking for the bushes pinecones
what you looking for vine cones oh I see
so you guys are looking for more fuel
because you want the fire to last longer
Daxton hey what are you looking for a
pine cone say I'm looking for a pine
cone dad okay dude you already yo I get
it pine cone you want to throw some more
stuff for the fire so you're like
walking through the grass and the trees
and the bushes you guys find your pine
cones
oh I found a stick and have you you look
clear this is a good shot it's a nice
camera Oh
are you lost Beauty pinecones no Brock
20 pinecones dude look I saw a box back
there right there see it pick it up pull
over here you know what is that yeah
let's burn that bad boy bring it over
here you want to throw the fire okay
wait slow down all right
throw it on throw it on let's see this
in action just set it just set it nicely
Oh char Jackson it's hot hot that's not
a good idea okay yeah good thing your
mom's not here huh Kevin a Boy Scout
oh wait I'm an Eagle Scout dang it
Jackson what'd you get you're a rock no
don't put a rock no no rocks in there
it'll burn oh oh
firedog is here gruff I'm a crime the
fire dog is here whoa backdraft bro
no but like that's cool fires awesome
watch your language young man
that cool it's hot how big it is huh
your guys's faces are cooler than the
fire to me okay I'll look oh heavens to
Murgatroid
we got a signal fire out here they're
gonna think we want we need supplies hey
why don't you get off your phones and
enjoy the sign of the times the sign of
the times the kids are taking pictures
put it in there
what'd you find try to go find some well
there's probably shouldn't be a ton more
trash just out in our grass I just saw
that one box
okay have Zeke and everybody from
firepit Idaho we bid you a farewell on
this lovely evening what are they just
looking for trashing the bushes Emmy is
that what they're doing no did you find
find any other stuff Brooke that was a
good move honey while you were gone we
put a large box on the fire and it got
really big and we just found another one
can we put this one on yeah okay you
guys if you promise to sing all right I
told the kids that we could put one more
big box on the fire if they promise to
sing while it was burning
cuz the lighting is really cool all
right you guys ready okay baby once
heard them off
they are so good to me I want to share
my
Calvin Hitler's non-circuit blondie Oh
who held as long as that was beautiful
yes crazy monkeys all right that's a
good fire pit everybody we'll see you
later
most likely we'll see you tomorrow I
reckon ok everybody blow the fire out we
gotta go to bed
everybody get around blow the fire out
all right boys this is what we've been
training for who's got a pee well we
just basically threw anything in there
that we could find no go get the poker
all right we'll see you guys tomorrow to
the fire and slave ball all right going
the bushes or on the fire going with a
fire yeah my stink Jackson what are you
doing there the fire dance they are so
good to me I want to share my
I always want to be with
Calvin Hitler's non-circuit blondie
who elder the longest that was beautiful
yes
crazy monkeys
