baby is ravenous she needs to eat a
pizza a V is ravenous niche Pratap every
time radii she needs to eat some pizza
now may be a time where your nose boots
off yes we're having pizza tonight yes I
did not make that movie in the frame
movie in a parade yes miss dancing queen
over here is gonna be in parade on
Saturday why do you treat haunts this is
one of those days where I feel like I
may be a failure as a parent
they had candy before dinner and we're
eating pizza for dinner so lame for
being healthy but you know what I do
what I can on the nights that I can we
had a busy day so that's what happened
is when you have 50 days is you have
with dinners we still may buy candy
Phillip rate oh we have candy trust me
I'm prepared I know guys I sabotage dust
that's what I did I bought candy for
Halloween too early so maybe some of
it's gone already
yep I don't know what happened to it but
maybe some of it's gone see I faint old
oh do you love me okay well do you love
me because I buy you pizza see I'm a
good mom right yes he's a big piece of
feedback what does has to sound that big
pieces of pizza make guys please don't
eat it don't eat it oh yeah angel got
that for you isn't that nice
angel oh it's okay you got a walk slow
kind of walk slow oh come on come on
I'll help you Joaquin Joaquin Joaquin
Joaquin yeah you go
all right you guys I got something today
that I've been wanting all summer long
but we just never took the time to go
get it because we were so busy that I
was like wow whatever we'll just get
another time so today I pulled the
trigger I was like we need one now we're
bad that's what I sounded like was
really weird
well anyways here it it what do you
think Panther what do you think hmm hmm
my little pen said bagheera
it's a fire pit it's a fire pit Zeke do
you want a fire pit for metal think I
like fire you don't it's really gonna be
fun getting warm we can roast
marshmallows so Shea's gone right now
he's with the Trix and crew so we're
gonna try to set it all up I'm gonna try
to light a fire and be my girl scout yet
my Girl Scout on I'm gonna try to light
my own fire and have a fire anyone you
get so excited I'll probably light the
fire the house on fire let's be honest
hey we got stuff figured out in there
are you putting it together for me hmm
and have you met you baby is ravenous
she needs to eat a pizza Eddie is
ravenous needs pricked up every time
radio she needs to eat some pizza night
baby a time we got renewed Bert saw me
doing work and she needs he's up and
he's doing something and she thinks she
needs some pizza but she's already had
like ghetto pig said I only do okay
Dario will exaggerate she works so hard
it's your leading today tell us what
your dead we learned to rest of our
chance
oh good I'm excited to see it I'm still
trying to remember on my chair
well you have to show me when you're
done eating your pizza Oh one your job a
job okay I'm ready wish we had some
music baby yeah yeah cheerleading is
awesome yeah yeah yeah don't you love
the song - mom mix up so you can cheer
to that end yeah I don't know how to
talk and rhyme together that was the
best I've ever seen
nothing funnier than watching girls spot
their toe touches
Elise is purple in your braids there's
this via she's gotta okay I'm stopping
stop cut stop
coins I built the fireplace and
everything but it's too late oh it is
it's 8:30 and you guys need to be in bed
by 9:00 and we're not gonna have time to
burn a fire oh whoa are you excited to
see your daddy
whoa what are you looking at
seriously every time I look at you
you're looking at kendama whoa
we soaked up so guys Gavin is on this
Creek kendama craze do you guys have
that at your school everybody's doing it
kendama that's my turn you're just think
they're stupid cuz you guys you gotta
work on it I've never done it before but
I've seen YouTube videos of it done
is that right Gavin who people there's
like a big thing I didn't know he loved
Gavin look at me please tell us what I
can dominate a kendama it's like a
Japanese toy it has three cups there's a
big cup a little cup and a base Cup
which is basically a medium Seska
anyways uh you're talking about cups and
stuff let's just look at fall on the
string and then there's a soy yes that's
a kendama and he wants one so boat so
we're working out some chores he can do
to earn himself a kendama I'm gonna
Kodama a kendama candle my bow yeah
dollars and it's really cool and you're
so good at it are you well you have to
earn it
no I already haven't endorsed you do
well show me the money
wait anyone for his birthday because I
don't want to play around disobey me oh
I don't know I look a me just because
you don't know how to do it she things
are beat boys and she plays with with
frozen
I guess frozen mama baby don't good I
love for us I love frozen and I'm not
the baby are you a baby she put it on my
foot what toys do you like baby okay not
really very good at this
come on put it on my foot
yep you got it
that's good that's good yeah you have to
put it on my foot yeah but it on my foot
I do it for you
okay you want the bum wings you want I
love you love you oh you miss your daddy
- done there's daddy's shoes we miss him
so much
okay we got one on what are we gonna do
once we have our shoes on we're gonna go
outside and we're not we're not gonna
make a fire tonight it's too late too
late
see I even helped you can you do the
rest I helped
you're so helpful I did I'm gonna get
you that debt I'm gonna good you I got
you I got you I got you
what's left and now we're back together
again as a family yeah yeah what a
basket on my max get it max kid head yep
I'm a basket case Canadian thank you
whoa I've logged a little bit I was
working a secret project
he cribs secret missions see grow
occasion what a shame what's the great
mission what what I was telling him
about your secret mission perfect a
mission he's gonna fire hey there's
Gavin there's our son Gavin coming to
hang out hey Gavin how's it go whoa hi
hey everybody there's Zeke coming to
hang out on piano is av of gobbler the
lighting the lighting show is done by
Brock tonight Bobby's in charge of
lighting choreography like yeah you know
what guys this is how we normally are
but we're not having up - to proportion
as
laughing head basket head wash basket
headings box niche - a collab oh yeah
hey Ian an Anthony did you want to do a
collab with my fun or we couldn't have
an e RB with box man in basket head you
didn't answer your watches maybe that's
nothing teller Ian sorry Smosh doesn't
watch this crap super noise oh the
basket and here to show you the many
uses of a small basket Daxton look at
the right I'm on Brock good again hey
what Lil Ibaka's doing yes are you ready
for your life to end
oh do it again Brock
he's moving exactly like him with his
hands this is how we get the perfect
Instagram video you guys what I'm
guessing is being taken right now yeah I
am social I have to show them what
behind the magic this is behind the
magic guys this is what happens and you
know what Brock is right on point see
now we want it back here this I love it
I love you guys
what's happening over here you're
teaching them how to cross the road okay
that's damn good I I think we just want
to watch you you're really cute change
your light off light on light on me I
love you guys
shame
in the shade
you
