all right the cheerleaders are on the
field okay there's the head cheerleader
right there oh oh the winds gonna get it
Oh cowboy look at me is like we worked
really hard on that they just tore it
apart hey hey good morning good morning
or just driving up the road there's the
new crew everywhere I go these four are
seen together James you've evolved into
a dog congratulations I knew you could
do it
Oh pissing off cat people since Matt
Dean added some jokes ha nope yes I like
it I like James James I like you
we're just taking out the trash these
two boys are helping me we're going four
miles an hour you get what you guys
would we do Brock would we just do put
the garbage hurry oh they're dachshund
 Rooney let us know about it
okay you let us know about it you're
good here's to being doggies we're doing
some morning chores we had to drive the
garbages to the dumpster two peas in a
pod James and blondie chilling in the
grass looking for mice hello everybody
welcome to the Shaytards channel do you
know that the Shaytards channel actually
started in the refrigerator all righty
what I'm filming a video quiet
jeez I'm looking for something to eat my
diet oh that's what I want
oh okay all right all right all right
now let's get serious
this channel is the Shaytards channel
yeah I know what you're thinking I know
what you're thinking you're thinking che
holy guacamole that's interesting
guacamole jokes ha ha
oh let's see what are we gonna make for
dinner whom just live in our everyday
regular lives just wondering what we're
gonna make for dinner for our family
she's making was took in again it's live
what Oh whoopsie Daisy the cameras on oh
hey everybody you're in the fridge how
silly you don't fan oh we're so witty
and just random you never know what
we'll do
happy baby there it is that's a cheese
stick happy baby if I've ever seen one
with blonde hair and blue eyes and a big
ol smile bless his little heart look at
him he's a happy baby have about that
cheese stick oh thanks
thank you mmm that's what I go with
cheese stick shut the fridge we're
wasting energy
that's it something exotic fresh shut
the fridge and the front door but
there's better good cheese dick my
blogger all right all right listen
Gavin's try to sell me cups over here
for a fundraiser for a school show me
these claps for some reason I don't know
they're just trying to raise money for
the school let me see the cups he's
trying to sell me these cups and I'm
like why are you who wants to go
door-to-door and sell these cups to make
100 bucks so you can get these prizes if
you sell these cups and I'm like dude I
will I can help you make some money
instead of selling cups George a door
why don't you help me he's like how can
I help you I said I'll pay you to make
me a video he's like what corner you how
he talks to be so like pessimistic
because it's a great shaycarl brush
anyways so I said I'll pay you to make
me a video for tricks and clothing or
you can sell cups what do you want to do
for you think of all these you're not
number one
are you an entrepreneur what I'll
selling cheese sticks over here
dachshunds cheese stick business
checkout jammed accent oh the calves are
sneaking in and eating all our food
matter mama we fed these guys they're
just spoiled Jackson it is open what do
you mean open the cheese stick or do
want to put the cheese sticks back in do
you got cheese sticks everywhere why do
you want them open what more oh well so
do you think Gavin do you want to make a
video you have to think of a creative
idea with tricks and clothing I can give
you a few suggestions if you want but
I'll pay you to make a video that we can
put on the tricks and clothing YouTube
channel I already got a business dude
and you're trying to start another cup
selling business I'm busting my butt
over here to get a family clothing
business off the ground and he's trying
to be a cup entrepreneur
oh listen Dean if your dream is to be a
cup entrepreneur you can be that okay
I'll make a video if I can't what only
is negotiation if I make a video then I
can sell cups to trick sinker so that's
your goal your goal is to make a video
so that you can get in so that you can
talk to Sam day on Aaron and the guys
and sell them cups is that your well
we'll get back to you so you you decide
I'm giving you that offer right now to
make a trixin video you don't have to do
it if you pass it up I'm gonna offer the
same thing to DAC soon and look at him
he's already what if I go riding ZyXEL
dude you won't you can make a good video
make up a good video if you want to be
YouTube where's your first go out up I
will pay you money to make a youtube
video I don't know I'll help you I'll
teach you I'll give you like the
run-through on the very first time I'll
help you import the footage and all that
stuff okay I'll sure I had it but music
Saxton look how creative he is he's got
a bold music video I'll put together
what are you kissing in there
hey man you up a video kind of like like
the surfer video or the corn maze or
like a video like that kind of like a
vlog but yeah you can do whatever you
want what would you do to sell tricks
and clothing that's my question
that's the video you need to make a
commercial for tricks and clothing what
could you say to help sell tricks and
clothing think about that that's what I
want okay let me know you come up with
cheese stick man what are you doing with
my goomah goof playing map games over
here you guys I'm sorry to say but yeah
I'll have a fruit a future math genius
sitting in front of you tell him at me
say I'm a math genius yeah yeah say
sorry don't mean to offend you but I'm a
math genius yeah well okay keep playing
your math games what are you doing here
in less than 64 dude what did they have
stuff like this when I was in school
this looks awesome I wish this was how
my homework looked to bunnies awesome
hey guys so she's just out here trying
to feed the carrots the carrots he's
trying to feed the carrots to the cows
not feed cows to the carrots that would
be weird that wouldn't work out so swell
check it out you making some friends
uh-oh
Zeke's coming Larry's not going to eat a
carrot if you're in there you dumb oh
good say he's trying to make friends
with these cows well there you go now
what's gonna happen
seize their home furs a cat what are you
doing hi kiddy hey oh hi James James is
getting big
seriously Zeke beneath the care is he
jealous the shays given stuff to the
cows and not him but she is who she gets
jealous when Shay comes home from a long
trip if he pets Zeke well if he kisses
us before he doesn't he gets jealous of
everyone like come out here and I barked
at him every date I took a piece of my
mind
and next thing I know I come out here to
hang out with you
man's best friend what are you doing
Shay you're hanging out with the guys
that I'm always pissed off at every
morning what am I supposed to think you
know it's like you scratch my belly you
feed me food and you know I hate those
guys Rose out you're yelling at me but I
come out here then you're just talking
to me and look there's James James James
Gideon make is that how it is Larry for
me there's like I need some more carrots
where's the carrots hmm and then there's
James basking in the Sun in the
beautiful world that is your other line
what seems doing here we playing with
the cam record he stinks it's his toy
hey James how's it going
are you one of the animals now oh who
are you doing old bronc si si
me and James and bronchus and Zeke and
Larry we run this place on James
hey Larry James says hi Rock and accent
oh hi Mary I don't like to cook that's
not what I wanted
Franz I heard him okay Larry
hey Larry I'm gonna bring you some more
carrots tomorrow okay Larry Bronx and
Bronx and James will make sure I do it
here need help my lady
need help my lady being attacked by a
three-legged Bronx all right we are
making dinner tonight we're having a
family home yeah and we're going to be
doing some fun activities we're good in
pink pumpkins wait what is it what was
the first thing is that making gold and
grand smarts and painting pumpkins
Golden Grahams s'mores dad's favorite
and we're having teriyaki chicken for
dinner just a chicken I love that the
yogi I just started my nail salon mm-hmm
esta mer beautiful girl you did a good
job
thank you and is that my nose well I
only have like I can't talk right now
it's $1 if you want to get regular if
you want to get gel it's $2 so nice I
mean okay this family home evening isn't
on earth and though since we never had a
family home evening before she got
baptized we're doing one now to
celebrate that she got baptized yes and
she requested Golden Grahams s'mores so
that's what we're having
this is absolutely Shay's favorite this
is what we had in our wedding at our
reception we had Golden Grahams s'mores
that's kind of fun so we're going to eat
and then have our
family night and where activity and then
a half turn around solar all right are
you guys getting ready yeah are we doing
an assembly line to get the pumpkins
over here oh I do see it okay good job
I saw gas and looked up oh one of those
um exercise thing and then in a long
time ago
is he really strong are you getting
really strong buddy
okay we're setting up these pumpkins
we're not going to carve these pumpkins
we're gonna be painting pumpkins today
so that will be exciting yeah we're
gonna paint them with hate what are you
guys watching
we're watching the Edit for the corn
maze video that's gonna go on the trips
and channel that Blake just emailed us
ah it's scary
that's fun boom while are there watching
that we're going to prepare the pumpkins
to be painting the spooky pumpkins is
your pumpkin in these cookies baby let
me do that okay I'll do that part I
gotta I gotta March for this he's not
easy stuff
lupa - you are such a little artiste
he's so happy right now
hey life he's been painting with water
ever since we got it ready because I
didn't put the paint's out yet so now to
know that he gets to paint with color
his laughing is he isn't living
look that kind of got a face gone I love
it
good job good job Jackson hey so proud
of you
you ought to North East what a butt well
dachshund it'd have to test it once as
you can see the evidence hugs on your
mouth I love it
those are such great colors he's loving
his life right now did you put it in
your mouth Saxton don't eat it it is
yucky don't eat it all right let's see
Gavin's who's got a little beard oh
lucky he is it is it crying let's see
yours Brock a fire yet yours looks good
too letting those colors all run
together that's always fun that's mine
I'm still working on it that is still
his his he's forming it in his mind
first yet only people that have true
creativity can see what I've created you
can't see it spike is not creative so
just depends on who you are I guess so
yeah so good holy crap who can see that
me yeah I see it
let's say your girl yours is actually
really cute crying because it's
boyfriend just broke up Oh rude
boyfriend
pumpkin boyfriend three because yours
look at me it's tough out of the volcano
words I was glad you're on it
that's pretty I like that does that say
something bad that says red lipstick
play it so it's a date oh cool
love it okay good job
yeah we still creating his masterpiece
what I got volcanoes it what's red fiery
I like your idea green fire and red fire
good job
well looks like somebody else is getting
a makeover let's see him Wow he's
fighting and spider-man is a certain
color because that's the way the razor
says not anymore he's making a new
superhero movie yes
cool dude looks like like he's gonna
need a bath too could we see your
creation babe I'm not having me
I live in the all-pink Haileybury got
blue great Oh nah I'm trying we are here
with your painted disrespectful artists
Wow you have totally transformed your
pumpkin I love it Brock I I'm borrowing
it actually for mine I'm almost done
with it hold on I need to finish look I
gotta finish the red I think it's safe
to say it's bathtime me to give yes he
does yeah yeah I got meat on you oh no
no kill myself I don't profession yeah
do you know what I see it you did such a
good job your pumpkin is fabulous you
ready for a bath dachshund show me how
tough you are
yeah charcoal show me your crotch
ah whoo cheetah he's distracted now yeah
okay wait I want to see AMI
well that's good I love hearing like
this she's beautiful
look at the sparkles she said look I
gave her extensions the blue extensions
and then the critters Oh glittery I'm
loving your master let's see yours oh
it's so cute I think the big guys make
it look really lovable try to raise in
the back so I'm looking at it oh I like
it
see yours gap well you covered up your
face but you know what it's spooky and
very colorful it's very uh camo camo - I
like you yeah you're the one who's got
mrs. Garrity I love it
I am falling in love with him all over
again
hey dudes look at this
hey guys in the world I'll tell you what
it's pretty easy to get your girl to
like you
well let me just say all the kids are
finished they've left long sense and he
is still perfecting his art look at how
adorable you are people don't appreciate
my art classes I appreciate it I can see
it this is your the whole time now that
like there's Fairweather fans I've
really seen my art now they're like oh
now I can see it che it was like that
the whole time oh you truly be able to
appreciate I mean if you're gonna do
Canyon one a million two all around like
trying full lining up pretty now I'm
ruining it by being a pompous artist
well at least you got all the colors I
can't decide if it's a bowtie or eyes
hey I was just thinking I saw oh time
mmm you are the artiste would you look
at that sure enough I did get a text
message and you know what it is it's a
notification letting me know that you
just thumbs up this video
oh boy thanks I'll be sure to reply with
a gracias muy mucho me amigo
Wow was that a long pennant pen pumpkin
painting scene that was fun at first I
was like this is lame I don't want to do
this I just want to say her my tight
shirt and have my guy hang out but I
love that tight blue shirt and I didn't
want to do anything else but just sit in
it you know like sometimes you have that
tight blue shirt you want to just sit
around the house in but then your wife
makes you paint pumpkins you like babe I
don't want to pay pumpkins I had a big
Center out of my tight blue shirt plans
evening and now here I am doing arts and
crafts in the family room with these
pumpkins and these little brats and I
just wanted where my type we sure to
look chubby all night and you're ruining
these plans you ever have those nights
you know what I'm talking about then
anyways thanks for watching click on
yesterday's vlog if you want to see what
the Shaytards listen up 7 years and 11
days ago I did
the mouth that's how long ago we started
this YouTube channel so if you've been
around for that long
you're a liar cuz there's very few of
you who have been around that long and I
love you and we'll see you soon give me
kiss thanks for bubs it up
