in the wild underbrush of Africa there's
one animal that is more wild and elusive
than all the other animals we are here
today to try to spot the animal well
well I think there it is we just got
finished watching conference now the
kids are beating the crap out of each
other well I've never seen one with
stripes before
very impressive let's back away from the
specimen that's not to evoke anger and
biting I think my accent is fading we
must go now guys come in it's a dance
party are you ready
you guys it's a very exciting day huh
I'm vlogging not you a really bad idea
it's about to happen that's why I'm
filming bubbles on and get this party
started
oh yeah smile look we're gonna cap smile
excuses are like buttholes everyone has
one and they stink that was gross mommy
comes home in minus one hour and thirty
minutes we're almost through this people
we've almost done it
okay we're in the new it was a great day
today
Gavin you didn't great today how do you
feel you just won the Super Bowl
what are you going to do next this looks
scary
I think good idea
all right Gavin be honest with me scale
one to 10 how scared are you 9
ok dude let's go out there be aggressive
today dude
Gavin scare him dance I'm tired come on
he's beaten you
that's the best final pose ever you can
handle this
hey you being a baby let me hold on look
at me real quick do I neither have an
attitude check I think you need to have
an attitude check no sound hard what is
that check you better check the attitude
at the door I scared you didn't I you
think some of those what's up you like
this you learn your sassiness from me or
your mom or your aunt Carly first night
in your own room by yourself what do you
think are you so excited
tell him you tell him no I can't
tolerate your talking follow the Cibola
bang the dang diggy singing don't mother
oh man don't bedont Iggy you up
the Vikings winning
oh my Hannah Montana pardon my frickin
French that is adorable babies are you
sharing your food with a goat again one
two did you wait did you wait hey it's
the Schneider wide spinny thing the
spiderwebs
on what's her name you have a name for
her oh all right what do you want say
baby turn hey Dad you're awesome pretty
much the most awesome person in the
world
swim diaper on be better have over 11
Superman rescues everything just makes
it all better you say cool Batman you
guys just got the rock tarred skier
skier cake when I skate you that's an
aggressive kiss right there I love this
kisses
baby where are you what's going on here
are they trying to get a little bit more
mobile he's gonna be walking in like a
week I guarantee it a week or less
you're becoming smarter huh
stand up stand up all right ready
do you love me Jackson Lopez eco pansy
go pet him hello Molokai do you want to
drive the van to go pick up mommy is
that what you want to do okay you guys
be good be good
all right well that's it for today we
love you guys
I've got no strings to hold me down to
make me fret or make me from I had
strings but now I am free there are no
strings on me well I saved your life I
saved your life
it's okay
