Oh child to child at the corn farmer do
we lost hold on oh mylanta it's time for
Halloween scares and spooks with the
tricks and crew with the baby tarda and
the princes tarde Gabby you guys ready
who's scared raise your hand I scared
you're scared okay we're about to go
through the haunted maze are you scared
case let's scared - Aaron scared you
just tell by how long his hair is scared
his extensions out it's so scary
Cooper being scary here we go we're
going through private property no witch
get you toes watch out little boys and
girls the witches are out to get you
down here we go oh this is spooky look
at this
what would you go that's what you're
doing you guys are looking at this I
don't need to tell you to do what you
are already doing previously my bad okay
who's ready this crew Logan excited
Trent are you leading us through this is
our guide we'll figure it out as we go
all right Gavin be honest with me scale
one to ten how scared are you
9 he's seriously scared he's not just
trying to say that to make it fun he's
terrified here we go okay you going
first okay no you have to be brave I'll
hold your hand okay see no there's no
vlogging in the maze did you guys tell
them there's no vlogging in them is
there we going yeah you go go I want to
watch you go they're gonna give me some
advertisement they're sure vlogging
going on come to the Carter corn maze
and Fremont in Utah Garland corn maze
it's all the same
Utah Garland come see my Aunt Lisa you
want other people are gonna see your
corn maze here we go dude
this is the freaky part hip hop hooray
hey hey the dance party this isn't scary
vice commander to dance party that was a
fake laugh that was I'm scared go go
that is the creaky cackling laugh
I was afraid I hid by Logan I was like
did you I was saying that's a girl who
takes her scare work seriously in the
coin you guys we're to fork three that's
right
Casey lines are shorter let's go that's
left let's go left if I remember the map
right I think it's okay left
Beyonce that's what she would do Beyonce
would definitely go to the left not only
are we tasked with finding our way out
of the maze but there's haunts and
scares beyonc√© was wrong Oh
turn around hey let's mean you run it
carefully okay
this is exciting I want to get the chain
sometimes we have Trevor white Idaho
Falls he was crying he was so scared he
was Trevor don't deny it you were really
scared you was did you find the
unlettered hit Danny I've got no strings
to hold me down to make me fret or make
me from I had strings but now
free there are no strings on me Danny
serious question how you doing bro but
seriously bro how's it you have a good
time bro I'm gonna go now let's start ok
alright you have a spare head we were
just looking thank you keep a-movin
throw we're almost through the maze
everybody good job way to stick together
way to not be afraid I did fraidy-cats
he engaged I want to go for a less scary
Koren experience no look at her good
thing she has a cup of vodka where did
you get that mask kissing when they come
by I'm gonna turn my flashlight on right
as they combine you scream get your
why are you looking at me I look like
wife they're a three year old in house
her dad
family that scares together stays
together
he got me guys he got me good I'm
blinded there's a baby flying through
the corn Tarek if you put her high
enough people in other rows will see her
just like hovering over the corn there's
a baby
flying we supposed to go that way oh
maybe hey hey this way
we have to go through this way this way
thanks Gargamel yeah flip that out us
again Garrus again
when we say go it's a pretty scary good
meal good sleep talk to your parents did
we make it follow the power lines we
make it low-key bear made it oh we did
it the corn maze experience you did it
I'm proud of you promise Tyler
how'd you have a fun time Loki and Daddy
matching hats matching shirts can't lose
and then there's one or but still
following us that orb is gonna go nearby
let's go check the concession stand and
see how grandma TARDIS - mom we did the
maze we did the scares it was awesome it
was scary I don't know I made it that's
all I know I made it nice sweater Holly
all right now the tables have turned it
is our turn to do the scaring even
though we did a lot of that already in
there Logan do keen hit the whip in that
mr. clown
hey everybody get your masks on I want
to see a monster mask hid in the Nene
group monster Nene mask yet
go over there and hit the Nene can't
forget their masks on before they hit
their Nene every that's a rule masks on
before the Nene is hit the monster Nene
Gavin you sing it alright let's go I'm
bringing the corn everybody in the chord
here we go it's time to do a little
scaring of ourselves here
okay
Gavin cover him cover him cover okay
Trent is gonna be wearing a mask buried
in straw on top of a mattress slider get
on me I'm gonna scream okay so when
people come walking in here they're
coordinates
Hana coordinates I had ready Gavin scare
him do a scary look Gavin you got a
freaking out man hey yeah I'm fun okay
so when they come in they step on the
hey Cooper you scare anybody coming well
it is hard work being a scammer in the
corn maze
you have poor dental hygiene what does
the Fox say
Emmy I'm fun
shame
Oh
