no I think gives you a great way Thanks
that especially your bum looks real cute
okay she ate that um you want to see an
update on the soccer field
hmm
is he tiny Hulk yes tiny hole oh look
Hulk smash mom yeah ah guys we're at the
model fuel dump we were hanging out with
that it's me hi
what's her name she was me what's my
name
yeah yes once again everyone I knew it
being so soon oh I'm looking at myself
he was being so super cute and now he
just wants the camera I'll work out guys
I'll get him being really cute again and
then we'll get the camera give me kisses
hmm baby where are you are you a baby
kidding he just does his own thing
huh this is maker studios hi hi oh hello
should we go into Doctor Who's spaceship
it's a little block table but I think we
can go inside okay ready yeah let's go
inside
oh look look how big it is inside it's
big it's big big time to go bye bye bye
bye bye bye
alright this next episode is special I
don't forgive them we've got this all
set up for Carly I love it bridal shower
episode I don't know if she's seen it
yet
yes you guys Carly's getting married and
I can't work oh this is gonna be all
about her and all about wedding stuff so
you guys stay tuned to the hospi to see
it what we're doing as you can see
Barbie Wow dancing and running away are
you so excited to get married making it
like it's real it is real this is so
real right now I know I do do I think
you look very glamorous in it did you
like me should be your head snap back oh
you guys wanna see you okay and we that
you have to get it I like give me this
we have to better angle there yes yes
today's DIY are just kidding oot day you
know working the terminology that
especially that just wakka moly it's
shuffling
we're all just staring at you yeah go
Carly hey food so one of Carly's
favorite foods is Chipotle so they got
Chipotle catered or picked it up or
whatever you end up the leg
here's your guacamole Carly Carly's
getting Barrett yeah yeah yeah only pink
I know right
cupcakes they know me Wacka moly pink
and yeah you know what
it's me tiny Hulk yeah it's tiny hope oh
look Hulk smash
calm down Hulk you just take it easy
Jarvis how'd we get the full bag are you
sitting this one out
uh we got the hole just had a winner now
today is Apple's now - Pete how do you
feel about peace in our time
oh no my guard was down oh no oh you got
him I think you got him in the loan I'm
sorry go heal him go heal him with your
touch
oh there that was nice yes healing touch
yeah it's a good healing touch that you
have for work that feels good good game
good game high fives
yeah Jackson found his favorite thing
here a maker we can't go on a ride I
can't take you on a ride you like the
motorcycles say dad when I go home can I
go on a ride every five seconds I mean
she knows right right
cuz I nobody wants for his birthday
Jackson are you gonna be - she's like
motorcycle all right come on we gotta go
shoot some stuff all right today we're
doing a mommy
it's a special one is for Halloween
dancin do you want to see something
special for you there's something for
you I know are you ready
don't wanna wear it don't wear it do you
want to be spider-man you do I knew you
would I was trying to decide between
jake and the neverland pirates in
spider-man I knew you'd want this one
cuz you and Brock will love spider-man
joini wear it oh he's trying to show you
growing oh love it this is let's put
your mask on it yes you can be sad do
you want to wear this on your face I
have none man do this like you mean so
cool he really is like just like he's so
happy
maybe if you can need touch it I want it
yeah horse we gotta put it on him right
now you ready to wear it look okay look
in the mirror this is what it will look
like oh yeah I wish it was the same mask
as that one remember that one that Brock
had in use could slip it on yeah Ilana
oh you are go looking up your wig
excited - yeah yeah so cool oh he's
getting his body ready cuz he's a sniper
you're wet
oh you're gonna go show everyone let's
get oh you look so good you want to put
the rest of it on let's put the rest of
it on when seems like we do go get him
Winston so cute why does that bring back
so many memories small boy I found a
picture of Gavin in a spider-man suit
what is that maybe we'll look great from
like a lot of Halloweens ago Gavin in
the spider-man suit is it is it small on
you it was a Tootsie little bit like we
got it guys we'll make it work let's see
Jack say where'd you go oh yeah so cool
that is a little small wow you're bigger
than I thought he's a tall boy yeah yeah
I love when Superman rescues everything
just makes it all better having a bad
day the bad guy makes you fall all that
kind of stuffs happening but then sure
enough fluffy Superman comes to the
rescue
let if lovely Bink it what'd I just say
Bobby blanket not far McGregor oh okay
Brock Brock do you know we're going to
do today yes what go get mommy McMackin
G back home oh hey who else we gonna go
pick up hmm do you know ate no a special
small blonde best friend of yours who
are we going to pick up yeah he loves
you I think he's your best friend yeah
you guys are too fluffy peas in a pod
you know I'm saying geez together on
that way like yeah maybe you want to
watch a movie too while you do it see
options giving you options all right
we're going to get mom doing we having
fun
beautiful design fact
Oh
right now we cried it is going
okay okay okay so here's the scenario
haha cenario with the fun word to say
colette just called me she's on her way
home and typhoon is here with about ten
tons of rocks um you want to see an
update on the soccer field hmm do you
dear should we show them Brock we give
them an update on the soccer field Wow
okay let's go look come on I'll show you
update it's a giant mud hole actually no
there is some real progress
these trees were not here before ladies
and gentlemen the soccer field is level
there is a little mud puddle in there
that I'm not very happy about but if
you'll look closely you will see the
very first signs of life what's gonna be
the goal we're gonna have to get some
goals let's go get some
we got sprinklers and we have newly
budding grass seeds so the process of
making the soccer field has begun we
have to figure out the drainage a little
bit better but if you check out up here
this has all been formed and fitted and
formatted or whatever but we planted all
those trees look did you engage leave
your bikes on my soccer field yeah I
think you did you know that was b-roll
so the video is not until boring haha
okay um now we're gonna pick up mom okay
yeah anyways here's your update and when
it snows we're gonna ski down the soccer
field that's right it's gonna be a
sledding hill we're gonna go ski in a
lot huh all brand sponsorship thanks to
our sponsor tricks and clothing we're in
the new Pan Am motorcycle prepare a rack
crisis
this Saturday
Kate Brock can you say it can you say it
how's it go soon
you guys I forgot before we go I have to
ship my edits for my book back to New
York so I'm shipping this back to my
publisher right now so I wake them up oh
they are cute
come on let's go in here let's go hurry
let's go hug her and kiss her I'm here
for the portal of passion for meeting
our thing and I forgot I ran out of
peace people a portal for passionately
meeting our people they're getting off
right now they're deporting want to
scare hurt okay let's wait right here
when she walks by hey they've walked by
them job out scare okay peek around the
corner she's here don't let her see you
don't let her see you he's here yet
thankee pocket just peek don't let her
see you dude you're getting out to see
her did you you get interesting you
ready get ready get she did see dude
wait you ready wait for her to pass and
then scarer
I can hear Daxton crime there sucks
he's leaving excited to see
yeah we could he said taking off that
one was he good Robin and he tripped so
no like oh thanks good to see you see I
told you hmm look that's what I wanted
okay that's what he wanted
good to see you baby mm-hmm oh look we
came to a fancy Lobster lunch
whoo I see that one look at that one
back there scoop there's what there's a
good lobster oh look at the lobsters the
little blonde lobsters crawling through
the tank hey we see you blood lobster
click look at that buttered lobster
walking through the tank he is like her
on the big day like a month I know I was
all about Daxton now you're thinking I'm
talking about this but you're a good
sport to play along see she's a great
improv she's great at yes and buddy yeah
they were they were fighting actually
dance white guys accent are you so
vicious man so make sound effects like
things that spider-man's dude I gotta
walk
I know hold on tight avi he's really
really aggressive yep you look like
you're on a Segway he's got it down are
you dizzy
Oh iris I was going fast but you guys
can't do coolest trick as I did you got
it is our fight it go with the gravity
use your gravity oh let's zoom in on
over here what's going on max ten Oh
backs Ted what are you doing
okay crazy all right the next contestant
on The Price is Right
to spin the wheel what's a call that the
wheel just the wheel will a fortune the
will of dad everybody we carry with the
price Oh
you couldn't pay me enough you could
cute
rocks in the background - hey it's the
spider wide Stanny thing the spiderwebs
Danny hey Oh little boy coming in don't
careful don't let it whack you can you
jump on try to jump on run just run with
it and grab it run
you two run and grab it now grab run and
grab on here watch I'll show you how to
do it he just called me cool wet what
underneath no good that's the wick he
just called me cool ass he did that was
impressed better use it on mommy mommy
then you finally goes alright you don't
get on catch it catch it spin it and
jump on it jump jump
you can't reach you get work out bro
just hang on to the side of the rope
there you go I sit down my computer to
see what you have done so far today it's
just nice to see reality it's just a
cool family be good to each other
I'm so tired
the people
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome and your wife is hot
