in Boots Avia Butler no you are going to
do young lady there is no try mr. Miyagi
would be so disappointed just go for
100% I'll get down I'll do it right now
okay come here hold this
you're acting like this is the Olympics
all right it's time for football
practice yay you sister is making fun of
you on this rainy day no you have to
come with us you're welcome with us why
you don't want to come for a ride with
the family to take Gavin to football
practice hmm yeah we're missing some of
them alright sniper football and it's
raining out there juking and jiving
alright Brock well have fun I promise
listen to cool music in the car and
dance oh okay alright do let's see this
what do you get a little Vespa Bray Bray
where'd you get this for your birthday
oh it's an electric scooter there she
goes cruising off into the sunset
the rainy sunset come on yeah wait I
have to keep up with you silly yeah say
hello
we're gonna go this way hey guys so we
are headed to Los Angeles again for the
moms few can revisit our family
a lot we're kind of getting worn out
traveling but Jackson is loving it
he is used to the airplane he gets
excited when we go on the airplane he
finally put his seatbelt on and felt
there this time at least for takeoff
which is a plus I usually have to sit
him on my lap come on you got to save my
mom remember if you don't save my mom
you got to get in the stroller I've been
able to negotiate with him a little bit
on this one he wants to walk really bad
and I usually make him buckle up in the
stroller I said if you stay with me you
can walk okay he was okay and he's
actually done it he started veering away
from me for a little bit I said Daxton
remember you have to stay by me and then
he ran up to me and he's learning he's
Annie they're becoming smarter huh even
though you got a very independent mind
of your own you are willing to negotiate
some of the time
what Oh gotta stop to play oh gosh come
peace mommy here right oh hey your head
okay come on we got to go get on our
next plane look at you
you think you're a butler
wild Butler boy those hilarious those
what I know ladybugs 16.6 emoji so a
year ago it got it fine license because
it was 16 years old
Oh a ladybug driver's license huh flying
my bad yeah my bad we're at the park we
just dropped Gavin off of a ball we're
gonna go check out this park and
probably end up getting soaking wet and
muddy because there's a big note goes
please don't ask and don't get the water
alright in boots a via Butler know
you're going to do young lady there is
no try mr. Miyagi would be so
disappointed just go for 100% I'll get
it down I'll do it right now okay come
here
freakin a hold this we're doing
I've roundoff back handspring you have a
lot of stuff in your pocket
you're acting like this is the Olympics
yeah took me five minutes to strip down
everything I had in my pocket thank you
move are you proud of me
did I make you proud okay good
are you gonna do it oh my goodness I
guess I did have my socks off that's
true okay I'm watching he's rolling
that's you can roll the farthest come on
I didn't even take this long to get
ready you're a gymnast
I'm a fat dad who eats candy too much
dude that's like the most solid
cartwheel I've ever seen that's like
better than 80% of the oompa-loompa
cartwheels I seen nice Brock she needs a
flat surface there you go she's so cocky
wonder where she learned that from her
mom definitely her mom where'd you learn
your sassiness from me or your mom or
your aunt Carly and Grandma - we made it
to LA and we're all in one piece and
dachshund even had a nap on the plane
and so yes you did you had a nap hey I
got to show you something that daddy
said hey you know what daddy says
someone's a little aggressive weight
dachshund you want to see how cool you
look come look at this picture
yeah see look at that picture so you
look cool and then you're spider-man
guys wanna see shades sent me this
picture and said show this to Dax and
tell him how cool he looks in the log
uh-huh hey Jax your hair looks really
long do you think we should cut it we
being chopped
look at you two guys are going to be
playing together for the rest of your
eyes you better keep it cool guys here
on something is fun when sukeimon stop
this but it's the Battle of the baby you
get it baby
I love it
what do I know some people over here
building the trail good this discovering
a river how cool we're at this well in
this complex Magoo fish what are you
doing beautiful like those flowers in
your hair when you come to San Francisco
be sure to uh so flow is in your head uh
anyways we're hanging out Gavin's at
practice mom and dachshund are in
California these people are building
this trail school Little River here it's
a fine evening we're gonna go get some
dinner here once we figure out what
we're gonna do
dude there are big fish in there look at
that an albino a white one yeah there's
like 13 14 inch trout ya know they stock
this pond look at him there's big fish
and they spawning needs their dim water
they are a via I dare you to dive in
will you jump in Brock will you jump in
Brock do on a dive in no I don't want
you guys to get wet we still have to go
get some dinner yeah but it's ever
reason to be soaking wet the car it's
fairly new it is brand new actually no
swimming I just made a rule put my foot
down
even though it has toenail polish on it
I'm putting it down I just want to make
major announcement here that I got my
ah happy dance shirt today very happy
about it
ona queen big shout-out to Hank and John
Green Ellen with Stuka do you have TBA
records and all the nerdfighters out
there
fought to give me this awesome piece
yeah we're having for dinner tonight
that's how I wanted to tell you guys
that's what's for dinner
that's almost any for every day there Oh
like you go to uh like a pizza store
somewhere and just walk in and you vlog
me and I'll just walk in I'll be like
two large okay um okay I love the shirt
thank you guys all right let's see how
many times
Avia is going to spin her sister around
in this vomit Oh wheel vomit will vomit
Oh wheel the wheel that makes you want
to throw up
good Brock looking on 1789 oh look at
Brock is like counter fighting go that
long that seems like a long time to be
spinning around it's gonna make you
dizzy she's gonna fall like a Mia got
tired Hana dry can I go now hey big
sister look she doesn't look that good
she looks sick
all right it's gonna take two of them to
get big sister here we go hi teamwork
teamwork teamwork well babe missing out
on a beautiful Idaho sunset one of the
prettiest I've seen in a long while baby
we love you we miss you baby look at
that baby that's for you baby
baby where you at baby Lily's consent so
this is a skunk skunk set this runs
there for you baby baby I love you baby
go long go see my baby okay we're
getting x10 Hey are you excited
hey is how you did we didn't really find
a good costume for him yet I'm still
trying to decide because I think I'm
gonna be a pirate what goes why yeah any
what I think was with a pirate a Peter
Pan
we're not parrot I'll bear it you want
to be a parent a uniform yes we you can
be the unicorn can't do this oh no dude
I like Jake the neverending pirates or
whatever the never taken the never never
land pirates
yeah brah class that you won't be a
pirate yes hmm so for one of our
episodes for the mommy and me I don't
actually know if I'm gonna be dressing
up but I wanted to get something cute
for Dax and I can't find something that
just really tugs at my heartstrings you
know when you actually get to choose
your kids Halloween costumes you really
want to pick them right because y'all
come a day when they won't let you
choose anymore when they'll choose for
baby you want to be a baby for Halloween
my baby can I in the case for Halloween
he's my ice cream here you're going to
get your belly like up all I did you
guys remember that it looked like I was
holding a pumpkin but it was my family
that was a fun one I have to yeah
you'll have to tweet that one out Jax
did you know what he told me he wants to
be him and Brock both wanna be
spider-man again all right surprise huh
oh yeah
oh yeah show it the game shows your
admin Simon hmm good job
Winston what are you gonna be I've been
to be spider-man Terry oh man these guys
are so cute
knocked out well it's one of those
evenings again and I just you know okay
we're going to a fancy restaurant while
mom's gone okay okay okay we just
finished dinner
Gavin how was football practice
wonderful I love to every pledge are
some minnows and had time we're in the
car cuz II don't like inside baby yeah
patrina smile you guys we had an
embarrassing moment where we couldn't
afford our food
you got jacket looks because we have a
story that guy tell him you don't know I
can't talk right you're talking wallet
because he forgot his wallet and then so
we um went to football practice and got
our nice grandma's for somebody
thanks mommy what so thanks mommy mom oh
and she gave us some money and then we
went to Jack in the Box we didn't have
enough we got the food we had 25 but it
was 27 so we're like welcome to take off
the money we got something that once we
took a drink off menu and we're like oh
well I was gonna take off and then a guy
behind us like here well here's a dollar
and like thank you so much nice
gentleman in the jack-in-the-box line
gave us a dollar cuz we couldn't afford
it then everybody suits us off for
something probably red chili guy he had
a wad of cash yeah
good thing there was a rich guy on the
Jack coming bucks oh yeah lucky thank
you sir and then in any ways you know
had enough and then we had our
jack-in-the-box Brock did you like your
jack-in-the-box there's coffee
Johnson he can't soup in here drink up
oh wait no you're sick and then he says
okay don't let me laugh cuz I'm she's
gonna die laughing cuz she's gonna say
lovely and then she's good just and
throw up no she's gonna be thrown up
twice over the last two nights has it
been the last two nights she's thrown up
the last two nights I think is gruesome
for you which is last Monday coughing
and sometimes she burps then she goes I
got the cycle like you can a on your
test
alright alright go home go to bed now
yeah don't look that that syrup - okay
why are you so sassy tonight lupus
counts and half again yeah we miss you
mom we love you mommy alright let's go
home you butt nuggets alright well
that's it for today we love you guys I
love Shay I love the kids I miss you
guys
I've been texting and seeing pictures
and I miss them already I hate being
away from them Jackson you say bye to
Daddy
let me daddy alright daddy say good
night night Gavin night-night Avia la9
night me9 night rock
okay $9.99 night kiddies watch out
that's cute hey now say I love you daddy
bye bye say Shaytards out knows it good
job and your wife is
