Daxton good news guess what you can't
have better than me
good morning everybody is early it is
early early kid to go to school and it's
not a snow day darn it it didn't keep
snowing so there's no snow day today but
they get to go and play in the snow at
school excited about that I'm going back
to that let's get this sad no time to
get up time to get up and attack our day
attack it and then go back today because
those are wet
you can't bring wet dogs Hey oh those
ones are dry
oh they're look-alikes yes you probably
won't want them you can borrow them
whatever I'm checking in doing it again
it sucks it hurts I didn't want to do it
i procrastinate it doing it I don't want
to do it now that I'm doing it but I'm
doing it oh brother
are you doing it it's the only way to do
it is just to do it you can think about
it you could talk about it less you do
it you didn't do nothing got it great
good grand wonderful alright we just got
back guys we went to a meeting I had a
meeting for church I'm involved with the
primary and the church which is like I'm
taking care of the kids you want you
want me to do it for you to want me to
help you okay do what what would you
like me to do want me to hold you want
me to pick you at with toddlers as they
want to do everything themselves but
it's a boy yeah get quite Oh put it up
there you can do it just hang another
you like to do you like bad you did it
see mmm
this little boy is still in his jammies
cuz he slept until about 10:30
would you believe it 10:30 I even had to
wake him up to go to my meeting it was
crazy
so I hope that he's over it he had
fever and a little cough he kind of has
a cough still but his fevers gone down
but he seems okay you have a tummy ache
would you want to eat oh okay so Jackson
has talked me into trying to help him
play with the fridge you know that
website he wants to play games on friv
and i don't know how to do any of them
so I've been trying to learn so I could
teach him it's really hard but he's kind
of gettin it Wow
you can't hit better than me good it did
it Jackson good news guess what I just
got the vlog up huh that's always good
news love you yeah it's always a good
feeling when the vlog uploads you're
like huh the blogs up now let's start
blogging for today here we go you look
sub EE a YouTube foe what's up what are
we cooking now so is something with us
it's like we have to eat every single
day
ah what is our problem ah stuff Jackson
Astin hey Destin what we makin what are
we making over here hot dogs
what do you call them quit looking at
yourself how you mean hot dogs not done
well it's sunny and beautiful out there
today I might drive up to the mountains
because I might want to start strapping
skis on the bottom of my feet pretty
soon hmm probably yes absolutely
definitely 100% chance oh this room is
still kind of an explosion from the
other night but we haven't come back in
this room since then so we're going to
clean up this room so we can actually
enjoy our Christmas tree and then I'm
hoping we can start to get some presents
underneath it I have a couple ideas of
mine that I want to get for both that I
love in my life
haha I have a fun idea for Shay I hope
he likes it we're going to put our
nativity scene here we've already got
Jesus it's wonderful hello Jesus and
we're going to have the baby Jesus scene
right here no you're doing it again I
think they're obsessed
I can see haha that looks very warm and
cozy look there's a cat of it oh there's
another cat we go I love watching the
cats out here in the winter ah you guys
having fun are you having fun do you
play in the snow at school yeah good
well stay warm I sure will
alright okay so I am still decorating
cleaning up and decorating the rest like
putting the finishing touches on our
Christmas decorating Daxton finally set
down Santa's asleep
nope it's not dusty he's happily
watching The Grinch so cute I'm the DAX
do you like this movie it's totally
distracted alright guys it's pretty
clean I haven't vacuumed it all yet and
I left that stool there because we still
haven't put the star on the top of the
tree I can't find like the bottom of the
star so we're just going to have to
improvise and here's the mantle what do
you guys think I do have like a red
stand that I'm going to put underneath
Mary and Joseph and the baby Jesus in
her belly got all our stockings hung by
the chimney with care I don't remember
the Doudna thing but we're going to have
all our stockings up on the on the
mantel I love it they're usually hanging
down but we decided to hang him from
this part instead because this part was
stretching too much so yeah so now
they're all facing forward that was
Brock's idea because he was throwing a
fit because there was only a few that
we're facing forward the other ones were
turning so we decided to hang on like
this so that they're all facing forward
now beautiful isn't it
I love it and now it's time to take the
trash out because we missed last week
Thanksgiving week so we have a lot of
trash we need to take it out so I'm
going to take the trash out alright I
got my gloves on the best way to carry
the garbage can or to transport it is
to go back like this look behind you
because then it's not quite as heavy you
guys can't see it but the way the Sun is
hitting the snow there's like a glitter
oh you can kind of see it just a little
bit it's so pretty
and look at those monstrous cat tracks
oh my goodness what kind of animal could
have made those probably Batman hey
Batman hey this one's really fluffy he
likes to play outside he's so fluffy he
doesn't even feel they feel the heat you
know what I meant wouldn't follow the
kitty tracks following the cat tracks oh
I stepped up dang it you guys if you've
never been in snow before or been out in
the roads when there's been a snow storm
gotta be careful cuz I see it gets
really icy and slippery but the part you
really got to watch out for is right
here
right there that the black ice it's
totally iced over but you can't even
tell so you slip really easy and I've
almost fell I've almost fallen a few
times already careful
I can't help but notice you coming down
the street
smiling so dearly whatever you want you
need I can't help but notice you
throw-in me a Ling's a wing telling me
there's chains here who are you doing
I'm I'm sitting on the counter we're
working on not sitting on the counter
mmm-hmm but it's a tiny little cup hey
you want to tell them what we're having
for dinner
what's today yeah high five
hot dog toys Dave I wouldn't that's not
only 500 Tuesday don't spill on your
jacket juice Taco Tuesday balls hey
where's your taco dudes Oh choco taco
yeah my favorite come on talk
my sauce is amazing my taco it's really
good
hey guys it's the end of the day and we
just set up good night prayers and now
we're just hand about to go to bed hi
I'm Jimmy Dave can you okay Oh what are
you to show us okay Jackson Jackson was
showing me something what do you want to
show next Brooke Jackson v Virginia
yeah guess what guys they have colorful
iciness around their bunk bed yeah Isis
yeah I don't think that if you have it
well yeah this is the UM haha
big there's thing what's going on in
here they're showing this um posture is
shown on the Christmas lights its I
can't skip back more who's that jump off
I've done it before
off of here yeah oh yeah Jackson jumps
off that stairs I think what I'm gonna
do oh you guys check this out you wanna
do take a nap that's very No thank you
mommy
look guys are taking it up it's awesome
I think I'm taking out I'm tired
hey let me see jump on the stairs let's
go jump off the stairs okay a Mesa jump
off the stairs oh that was nothing twice
on tiptoe stairs I'll jump down I'm
starting from here oh yeah you do that
scary I know
okay okay okay we're gonna do it you
guys wanted it back for a TIA okay hell
valises okay this is high okay yeah we
you're going from the top run makes me
nervous
everybody watch out she could go
straight through the roof you doing
watch out Brock no no just jump on the
Tramp have springy legs do it go a me
wrong thing to say right before somebody
jumps up this broad did you go off the
top bunk do it again Superman
let me try home intro oh my leg I don't
know wait and sit kme go
oh brother take your leash walks off
Brock do it oh you're gonna watch Brock
he doesn't near tramp from the very top
yeah
I think Abby Brock has super absorber
shots in his knees geez that's
impressive you guys the lights look
great
don't say that very bad attitude go all
right it's bedtime
nice you're a ninja dude you're the true
ninja headbutt headbutt ninja you landed
on the trampoline from the very top one
with you guys reminds me of a another
ninja I know cut to that clip first
ninja like animals is that ninja must be
able to climb apparatus quietly I will
now demonstrate how to our land on
apparatus with much stealth and
smoothness
like a cat
like a cat your clients here okay
