oh I'm just just trying to look around a
little bit and see if it's a good it's
perfect day box jump those brock up the
steps go buck jump nice oh don't look go
yeah I keep going keep good mine did
your side letting spider-man climbs up
the wooden wall straight up the wood raw
because he had sticky alright alright
alright we're gonna be on TV are you
guys excited Ria's Jaden not interested
I'd rather stare at the back of this
leather couch than watch you on TV Shay
you pompous windbag dr. Stan are we
going to see the football game Jax just
go go Cowboys go plays I'm like he's
yelling go Cowboys knows what we're here
to do yeah and we didn't even tell him
very impressive that young man all right
our cowboy Jimmy he's one of the
captains today he's so handsome and
tough put a good football player
those other boys look tall clothes might
be a hard game yeah I'm just just trying
to look around a little bit and see if
it's a good it's perfect day the weather
is it's a situation it is absolutely a
perfect day the situation has been
assessed you're just experiencing
perfect weather we are actually having a
little bit of a problem with a bratty
baby but that's to be expected
hey do you know that it's a perfectly
beautiful day today to play football
here we go let's let's give some some
food hits on the field into conference
listen to him go Cowboys
go Cowboys you say Jackson good pea you
having a good day good Saturday it's a
good Saturday yeah
good Center are you rooting for Gavin
boy to go Gavin I want
Winn maybe you and avi should come up
with a cheer you guys think of a cheer
Grandma and Grandpa round-the-way go
bucs jump those brock up two steps go
 jump nice
oh don't slip go okay I keep going keep
come on did your cytolytic Gavin you
didn't pray today how do you feel so
I'll see you just won the Super Bowl
what are you going to do next geez go to
Disneyland down to Disneyland no he
played so good today I told him even if
he lost he played really hard today so
I'm proud but he didn't lose they want
just to clarify just land all right all
right Brock Brock let him eat a vlog I'm
vlogging you ready to rock and Daxton
put their Spiderman gloves on and then
Brock comes in and says dad you should
vlog us okay
he's director of photography at the
Shaytards - like this ok here we go what
we have here is a classic game of
spider-man shooting the webs at each
other getting ready for bed it's
Saturday night tomorrow's the Lord's Day
Oh spider-man climbing up the roof up
the wall way to go get it cut out of
focus did a good Biddy go
spider-man climbs bump wooden wall
straight up the wooden wrong he says he
has sticky spider he's gotta get her oh
oh spider woman climbing up the wooden
wall how are you walking a boy
right spot around run the villain is
coming to get you ra's butterman that
spider-man has a mullet I don't know
climb it back down hey spider-man mullet
dude nice shot can you go can you apply
MUP the wall over there spider-man
little guy big game thank you
oh my god I got a big game out jeepers
panel let's go his family his feet
really do grip pretty well on there he's
just cleaning up the floor for us
keep going spider-man keep going hey
yeah
mullet flapping in the wind hey guys
we're staying up late tonight we're
staying up late huh this little boy
actually went to bed
ah and so he won't that he's not tired
at all are you tired yeah no do you love
me do you love me oh that's a good
answer thank you yeah we're staying up
because we are are on Nightline tonight
they came and interviewed our family and
so we're gonna be aired on night you're
goofy when you wake up in the middle of
the night
huh yeah silly how are you kids holding
up you're doing ok yeah we're all like
we can do it stay in the movie not that
you have more energy than any of us cuz
you had a bit now nope stay oh wait come
on guys watch it
Nemo that's right mmm oh you shoulda
guessed it me movie alright alright
alright we're gonna be on TV are you
guys excited Ria's jaded brock's jaded
all see the reruns I'll watch it
tomorrow
lupus doesn't care look even her doll
has turned around
not interested I'd rather stare at the
back of this leather couch than watch
you on TV Shay you pompous windbag that
was she saying baby and axton's up
because guess what time it is huh Gavin
wanna tell him
midnight 12:01 uh it's time to ring the
midnight Bell hey everybody you stayed
up till midnight
we're gonna be a night line they came
and interviewed us at our house and then
they also interviewed us when we were in
Los Angeles for the streamys remember
dad it's fun huh exciting yeah but I
think I had too much attitude that's
regular why'd you have too much attitude
it's just the regular me I guess what do
you mean in the interview yeah the girls
were actin like when the TV cameras were
interviewing them they were acting like
when you know when company comes over
you know like when kids act like they're
trying to show off when people come over
you remember doing that as a kid you
would like act out when company or like
family or friends would come over for
some reason they acted like that with
the TV cameras cuz
no I think they're used to these cameras
but the TV cameras interesting I was
like huh good job you hate no you guys
just kept like fighting and teasing but
you guys don't usually do that but it's
like you guys were just doing it because
the cameras there I don't know it was
weird but you never know what they're
gonna leave in these things right so you
sometimes I'm like I wish they left that
part in what oh well how it's like what
do you mean they're always doing they're
always fighting yes all right
holding the pizza and the cowbell on one
hand like let's party man so yeah pizza
and a cowbell and you're having a good
time oh this is all I need to have a
good time no it's midnight we're not
having popsicles you may have fruit or
the best fruit on the earth also known
as yes what is it
well come on we sold a company for
millions once dang it they have a
surfing dog that's way cooler than us
Wow we have to go before a surfing dog
look at her so many of them I want to
see that story who cares about the
YouTube family he does he's sponsored by
Brazil I'm pumped about that dog story I
can't wait till ours is over with
somebody else is excited about being on
the TV I'm not sure if you got any shots
Zeke
they get any shots of Zeke I hope they
got a shot to see what sit on your mom's
lap like a good boy
good boy zekiel well it is a little
after midnight now it's 12:20 and our
story's up next you ready
excited Gavin you excited
Lucas you awake barely hanging in there
and he'd probably asleep if she didn't
have such a bad cough scratchy all right
sister drop dry yet I love you Oh
Jackson blue pezzi go pass Zika go pet
him Beautif and you do you like Zeke
he's a good doggie huh okay here we go
we're on the TV and it's so excited I
know ah scary monster now they're
millionaires maybe every part of their
day and potential viral goals all right
uh well we are post interview we're all
laying around talking about it um I we
didn't like how they kept saying
millionaires um I guess I don't know
they wanted to know about the business
it's always like that with mainstream
media because they're always like wow
how come you have so many people
watching you and you can make money how
much how much money which is really
ultimately a rude question to ask right
I mean people know because of the
headlines and stuff but you know it's
not about the money but I know people
don't believe that there's definitely
people that are like whatever it's not
about the money
Chuck said the bunny I might just as
well stay where I am and be your little
money and so he did have a carrot said
the mother boom and he said I would
gladly on the carrot if you deep fat
fryer she knows perhaps so
that's what it was
is this their burden did they do that
bird they plant those
one do rabbits here bro do they get
character Vega Kim carrot candy carrot
cake it is I thought it was carrots what
I did not know that where that cut
concludes this evening's entertainment
gentlemen Oh looks like somebody else is
trying to spy on entertainment mm-hmm
this is the cutest thing the Mad Hatter
is going to fit out oh look at you
look I will destroy a baby svet I talk
to baby here this is the baby he goes in
his character are you are you
Frankenstein is the baby here I have you
know us here in these canisters is this
baby a continuation there is was it and
then this goes here maybe some sleep
night little baby I did you get it now
baby Jesus nicely filled Oh daddy's
little baby here
this is the baby he's not so sweet yet a
little bit about aggression for this
baby why I'm gonna make my boy who's
that now okay ha ha I'll be the same
stop laughing
here cute hey have you guys happy monday
video to everyone of you thanks for
watching her vlogs i just wanted to take
a few moments here at the end slate to
mention a good friend of ours that
passed away
this last week Caleb from the bratayley
family who we are really good friends
with and they are fellow family vloggers
you may not have heard it but fellow
family vlogging family did I say family
six times that's what it's all about you
know how I feel about it
their son Caleb passed away from natural
causes
and it is a heartbreaking situation one
that I ultimately cannot imagine cannot
even kind of put myself through that
empathy type process where you try to
visualize have having to suffer the same
thing that somebody is currently
suffering and my brain just stops me
it's like I just the Irate ness and the
the excuses I would allow myself to cry
and to just give up are too easy to come
to my mind so we pray for you bratayley
family we have been praying for you and
like all this weekend like I'll forget
and I'll ask you know one of the kids to
pray and then me will say I'm bless the
poor tailee family and like oh yeah
anyways I know they're not the only
people who have lost somebody special to
them we all have suffered death and loss
and we just want to pause at this moment
in the in slate today to say we love you
the bratayley family and we are thinking
about Caleb and about you guys and about
all the people who are a family in this
youtube community and who watched these
videos and are a part of these lives as
we are a part of your lives they are
connected and those memories are not
lost so go watch their videos and
remember the fun and the good times that
Caleb had and what a great personality
and sense of humor he had he made me
crack up more than once watching their
videos and I told them that I got the
opportunity to tell him and bless his
heart we believe and this is the time
that we cling to the hope and the faith
that families are eternal that they are
forever and that we don't work so hard
every morning and every night wiping up
messes and hugging the little bruised
knees for it to just end one day
by what
seems like a crazy mistake or accident
we believe that these relationships live
on and if you've listened to this point
we love you and we're grateful for all
of you who are a part of this and that's
all I don't know if that's the right
thing to say but that's what I said and
it's here for you to listen to hopefully
it helped in some way we love you guys
we will see you soon give me kiss bye
