tell me do you realize how adorable you
are of course Gary loves you with a
creamy okay
here we go here we go this is a little
stressful I mean I know it's not
stressful we're taking the picture for
our book cover and we're kind of
tripping out on what we should wear this
good it's like a big deal it's one of
those pictures that mean a lot so you
want it to be just right but then it's
like you overthink it and stress
yourself out you think is it works resin
out let's just take a picture I hope you
guys like the cover of the book we have
a great idea for the way that the title
looks and is perceived and we're about
to go take this picture let's go light
hopefully it's a good one
it's just our faces what matters what is
what inside the book not the outside
cover just being a blemish hi this is us
we wrote this book all right so I've
been putting a little bit of foundation
just a little bit and I'm realizing that
this boys never had makeup on before
because he blinks a lot every time I
touch his eye
yeah that's where wait let me put some
powder on you honey
boys need to make Gavin laugh actually
he's like no weirdo these two their
motorcycle matching Jackson loves these
families with motorcycles on them
it's so cute we're getting ready to film
a video a music video I'm excited about
it because I haven't done a music video
in a while
Callie helped me out with the song she
wrote it and I'm excited it will be out
on my channel coming soon oh I'll let
you guys know I'll be tweeting when it's
about to come out so I'm - full oh this
is an item is that what fun is looks an
inspector daya you only have one word
Abhinav status at flying ghost
that's cute hello or place line goes to
my yard and they keep apple pie busy
scrunching oh and that's what's fall is
all about you all baby pumpkin oh you
don't you look at him he looks cute
favorite cookies in my hair I love you
hey do you know how good you did know
how bad you did just talking today no
your teacher said that you are a math
whiz and that you are very good writer I
do
mmm you embarrass Knorr oh my goodness
this is the cutest thing I've ever seen
and exclusive this is like a newspaper
like the students had to write their own
newspapers and look this is an awesome
ad per pitch perfect 2 cute ah this is a
subchannel my gosh a it's about you cuz
you're a good dad meet my hero my aunt
my aunt is Carly she is nice to me and
it's just like me because she inspires
me to be Who I am and to be who I want
to be in life she is a youtuber I think
I know that's where I want to be so cute
I love it yeah I know you think you know
her you think you know her there's all
that popular are you hiding something
you're not are you sure you're not
hiding someone yes sir sir are you sure
you're not hiding someone okay now we
sweat he goes oh where's Jackson where'd
he go
so cute
Jackson where'd she go
is she in there hey you're so cute
mmm-hmm
but just planting trees che just getting
in there he loves this kind of thing
plantain trees change in the world Brock
he loves it too mostly he likes just
playing out there he's cute he's cute
too
I love him hey welcome to oh my goodness
that's a huge huge tire oh is that scary
dachshund had a scary spider like his
face
whoa spider are you excited for
Halloween it's gonna be Halloween soon
big spider huh to be for Halloween
should I be a model
a fashion
we're not getting it no sorry
thanks for carrying it all the way over
here that's good muscle work for you but
nope good go put it back
sorry no giant spiders my house I don't
like real ones Valera
why would I ever get a real huge I don't
that's probably dangerous hey are you
excited to have some steak you look like
you've been working hard
hey you're gonna have to work a little
bit harder because he needs a ride for
one let's go go go Daddy
Mia walk planted 33 trees today
ourselves we had up we hoped but he is a
little worker he worked the whole time
have you filmed any yet oh well we'll
get this to my own video we'll get to
same in the morning guys go check it out
alright let's go get this grill started
we are hungry it's kind of late we're
eating late tonight but it's gonna be
worth it they're like a heart c-shape
with them their heart Kitty sort of gosh
there was a monster ball and you're
getting one upside damning favorite yeah
sure it's like weird always Chloe I
noticed that Chloe doesn't why at their
like affection as much from humans at
least listen they both hate me but I
have them QB hey do we get any footage
on this camera today huh did anybody do
their job today
you guys doing down here besides making
a giant mess uh well again so like creep
yeah like we laughed so hard and we
can't walk so we're like not sure how I
feel about this but you know as long as
you having a good time
where's your mother me any no anybody
knows whoa you lost got tagged out yeah
what's up
steamroller you're melting I hate it
when you melt I'm gonna go look for your
mother where's mama are you doing mommy
mother and I am happy a happy mother
happy mother we had some delicious NAT
just look at him all curled up on the
rug he done with the dishes yet he's
getting ready to the dishes I think he I
think that means like I'm gonna chill
here cuz in case any food drops on the
ground I'll be ready
he's hungry he ate a steak off the
counter he has a very fancy palate he is
he's spoiled he doesn't like dog likes
people with which most dogs like dumb
it's cuz you spoil them and fed of them
sure wasn't
maybe own kind of Anita okay I mean his
he can put his face right on the counter
and this is pretty tall counter yeah
look at this we have a giant TV in the
front room but you're watching I am zoom
you want one
I think Gavin went to get you one you
guys are cute you guys tell me do you
realize how adorable you are
of course we do okay and he'll
adorableness keep going z6l watching
nanny mcphee six like can I get in on
this adorable no they are the best wait
give me one two
where's my little bit myself up I mean
according
I wanna marry mommy what the hell do you
want one okay I get to 100 scary jeez ah
nothing it just looks a little different
than your normal you guys are no fun I
was a little scared little like I got a
little hey well and it'd be scarier than
your mask well it's good to know you
guys aren't afraid of my feet ran out
what are you gonna do we thank you
did you refills hmm when I chocolate one
mmm
I don't do refills but I heard she does
I bet she does I bet he does refills i
don'ti it's a classic dad move my dad is
it - totally needed a cleanup
oh right yeah that's classic - parents
clean up all ice cream item holds are
dripping over the side times dad you
just need to grab the colors it's
actually very helpful and give it back
to the kid yeah it's very helpful
what a great jobs is dad and me if you
eat more your dinner you can have one
what your dinner then you're too full
for a creamy to full bar agreement do
you want to wear it
haha hold on you want to scare everyone
oh okay you ready okay goes go I'm here
let me help you okay ready
scary one mascara mascara Oh God scary
monster with the creamy he actually is
pretty creepy I'm not gonna lie whoa
that job he'll give you a brain free
that's actually really brain I remember
Brock a few years ago when we got that
mask and he was terrified and now
Jackson swearing and you're super brave
you guys are silly all right chocolate
creamy but just cuz I love you drop with
them with his all OC her you're stepping
in is a good damn again you got to be a
good dad and clean up good job
come
charge
you
