all right we're recording the song you
want to hear it I'm gonna give you a
little sneak peek a little sneak peek
five seconds I can't show them the sound
booth to not get my sneak peek Oh No
you're gonna follow the truck come here
oh look there's my brother we look at
socks oh look there's my brother oh
there's my brother look at us explain do
you ever feel like your life is out of
control like your that's not what I'm
saying
hol collect you guys we have an exciting
little thing happen in the studio today
we're gonna be singing yes yes and
singing with me singing one do thing in
Colette Singh in yeah yeah yes let me
see this outfit goodness gracious is
there a full bloom marigold in my studio
today looks like it come here I want to
show you how what Blake built for you
we got a recording studio in our studio
studio um it's C dough made of blankets
but you know you gotta start somewhere
welcome you got it down yeah she was
singing it last night she's ready do it
blink
great job on the sound board dude looks
good ha ha I guess all we got but it's
like I think it's the sweet is pretty
good yeah but we got some of these and I
think these blankets definitely oh you
have her main areas covered oh yeah with
legit stuff yeah you know don't you know
sound waves work bro it's science they
bounce and we got to make them go in the
sponges and then they're trying to
balance and they can't balance cuz
they're like I'm stock that's what this
does sound waves they bounce and then
you have an echo and it doesn't sound it
you want to isolate the sound oh we got
a cough on Sutton acting the water
that way you cough when you're nervous I
know like I know the song it is a little
bit like ah this is gonna be recorded in
the sound goodness babe you're amazing
just seemed like you were singing last
night in the kitchen it'll be perfect
get in that sound booth right now get in
our fort that we made me and Blake made
a fort last night we got all the
cushions out we made it four guys ever
do that couch cushion fort
all right we're recording the song you
want to hear it I'm gonna give you a
little sneak peek a little sneak
five seconds I can't show them the sound
booth the knocking my sneak peak you
can't even five seconds second through
four and a half seconds I'm negotiating
it for you twice four and a half seconds
that's my final offer
that's our final that's our final offer
we agreed to that no seconds how about
that I can say no sex for a minute I was
like No Deal
okay I won't record Mama's sweet child
Rock sleepy little eyes while the tree
yeah you can't find your socks I'll help
you do you guys ever feel like your life
is out of control like your that's not
what I'm into saying do you ever feel
like your house is out of control and
your your people are without control
like your life is out of control
I have felt that way for the past for a
while I know you have shoes you have
lots of them around here
look we go out lots of socks did you
find yours yeah good job today is
parent-teacher conference so we're going
to tackle
that anyway so you guys know what that's
life when you feel like your life's out
of control what are some tips what are
some tips I just need to make lists and
cross them off and get up early get
stuff done I get up early but why why
are you gonna go swimmin it's getting
pretty chilly out there these days you
know this one suit are you trying to
make fins is that your fin are you a
mermaid or a merman excuse me no no
anyway it's parent-teacher conference
and yeah so let's do it okay check it in
here one time hello shaycarl here look
they might if you look closely you might
see a wild que cela veer coming in the
background there what a lucky day we get
to see a que cela veer in the wild we're
headed down to no uh he's all the way up
here he is getting a little too free you
guys I think your truck if you're in it
yeah hey you can't hide in my truck that
other one good luck catching him great
yeah I chased him for like two hours the
other night hey buddy hey buddy we have
two new kitties because there is one
mama cat that didn't get neutered out of
all of the bunch we've neutered like
five of the cats but one of them didn't
get neutered so she had two babies
recently you got him this he doesn't
trust us yet we still have to teach him
that we're cool come on I'm gonna take
these guys down to their mommy come on
you guys gotta go down to your mommy we
have six cats total three neutered ones
James oh no you're gonna fall out of the
truck come here
goodness gracious having a farm it's
tough you just jump out of the truck
come on crazy
he's just to ride in the back cuz the
kiddies called shotgun they called
shotgun Casey's mad about it he doesn't
want to admit that he didn't get called
shotgun first
for you can they don't know the rules
you can't call it until the truck
started James is the king of the cats hi
James
baby it's oj baby James just lays here
and watches over his kingdom let's find
your mom I bet you these guys moms out
looking for him mama kitty here okay now
you're safe you know you're safe
you guys stay here okay quit trying to
get all brave and stuff
mama kitty there's Bagheera Bagheera
hey James and this is peaches I know
there's six of them
this is Bagheera James peaches the two
new kitties and their mom is somewhere I
bet you she's up looking for him so we
have six cats total all right we're
headed down to the Trix in warehouse
let's roll there she is yeah I found
your babies they were up at KC's house
they're in there I put him in there
she's looking for him what look at her
she's looking for her babies Kimmy I'll
show you they're over here mama look
mama look here it is you guys are hungry
all right all right we'll get you some
wet dog wet cat food soon you guys just
have to deal with the kibble for now
there's plenty of mice out there quit
being lazy sandwich-making time this is
what our kids do they set up the
computer so they can see it and they sit
down at the table so they can eat and
watch it cuz they're not allowed to sit
here and have food speaking of what is
it best forget it who did this by the
computer do you guys have that rule at
your house no food next to computer
especially cups of liquid it will turn
into the dinosaur mommy no I'm eating
food sighs anyways sandwich eating time
and then parent-teacher conference you
guys days because if you didn't get aids
room big trouble I'm just kidding
I just all I care about is that you're
trying and if you didn't get ease that's
okay as long as you tried your hardest
okay
I really hope the gut is just saying in
the mall we're in the mall hanging out
in the mall with the Trix and crew
hanging out and the mom with the Trix
Tyler is barefoot Tyler is bear fight at
all times most of the time he has a
paintbrush in his hand oh look it's a
man Aaron is doing some shop shop
shopping you like to shoot cords I don't
like that sure I'm not a fan of that
show do you like that shirt that's the
work I'd wear that I was said a high-top
version of that court at court it's pork
that's cool get sticks and memos and
notes in it oh look there's my brother
we look at socks I look there's my
brother
oh there's my brother look at us
proclaim so we're just killing a little
time before we pick up Gavin from school
the kids this is like fun Friday for
them we've got a couple days off of
school for teachers something or other
so it's fun Friday kind of but it's in
the middle of the week hey let's see the
pictures okay let's see it look at
daddy's little face oh my gosh so cute
okay that's fine but one that's when
he's on me coming in let's go let's go
maybe we should go get Gavin some church
clothes well and using church clothes
because it's in the same place I didn't
get very much footage today because I
was running around getting decorations
for the house I had a bunch already
there were a few items that I still
wanted in here and one of them's
candlesticks I couldn't find any
six that were matching so I have two
different ones so I decided to do this
well I almost said Hawaiian that's so
tired I am Halloween was - not Hawaiian
I'm pretty sure those don't look
Hawaiian - what seriously what are your
problem it's not fun I don't know if it
might look weird cuz they're different
but I might just have to you know wait
until I find ones that look similar but
I like them and then I got just like
that stuff over there and you know I'm
just kind of random and leaves I'm a
sucker for faith follies I think they're
so pretty and so I decorate with them
you might think that's cheesy or cheap
but I like it doesn't that look nice to
guys like that this is my I was so happy
yesterday when I put this together
because it looks so pretty even though
the picture is very outdated I need a
new picture I realize that was very long
ago and we don't even have dachshund in
that picture and Shay's like a hundred
pounds lighter
now so we're working on that but for now
this is what it looks like I'm happy
it's coming together very slowly it's
taken a long time but little by little
beautifying a corner here and a corner
there is coming together here's the
other Halloween aided Halloween aided
sort of Halloween aided area and I'm so
excited to say and I just bought the
picture that we're gonna put right there
no it's not a house tour is just a
decoration tour this Devon it it is this
really hard well you just did it - it
was really cute are you getting into
soccer - now do you think you'll be a
soccer player
soccer's fine kickball spawn - but
soccer's
i think that you are good at anything
you try you just got to keep working on
good job Avia what she just hit our
family in the faces on the calendar with
the ball right there bullseye what did
you bring what any good out of all the
bring this woman appetizers we have a
sassy sister in the house I'm uploading
tell these guys no wait take this here I
gotta finish up loadings go five seconds
Oh hold or didn't get here I'll be party
ask me a cup real
bleh bleh but when you sing when you
hear missing the verses Cheers
go find daddy that's bethany mota and
Mike Tommy
oh yeah my menorah okay okay Wow
the Blood Moon ain't got nothing on this
moon I thought the tail to the vapor man
yelps mom's coming have a burger these
two boys love this boy so much Dustin do
you like motorcycles can you say
motorcycle a motorcycle a lot of words
lately zone decisions that guys say
motorcycle you say motorcycle that's not
motorcycle all done is how he said I
done oh I'm so tired
you're a regular guy
but you try
to be someday
