Hey after breakfast crew after football
game crew what Rene's being Miranda I'm
gonna go see your best Miranda sings
improve stove it blew me into P choline
Wow
what is that not a kid leash okay that's
not funny
come on back now come on well time to
say goodbye to Cecily uh-huh we will
have to get together soon very soon
probably heading to LA soon to shoot for
Mom see you again so we'll see her again
then yeah she's just fun I miss her a
lot come on Jackson
we got to go help Cecily check in then
we're gonna eat a sandwich trying to eat
a sandwich
come on you're scallywag yes
Gangrel argue matey
yeah what is that called
what is it
cowboy down did you get bucked off
all right let's go to the hey what's
that called
run away bunny hold on tight he's
running away bunny Jackson don't run
away he wants to go on the airplane -
he's used to it usually when we're here
we are the ones getting on the airplane
but we're not that time look he's ready
you can't go in the airplane without me
I'm sure Cecily could take care of you
but I was missing too much my good mommy
are you ready to try this we got some
rollerskating for this little man who's
excited for skates all right
yeah okay we got them on now I just need
to go find daddy are you ready okay look
at you you're such a good little skater
figure I better teach five in cop to
human no it's not like me with you you
mean six incompetent human hover bowler
skate I'll teach you yeah we're still
working on it
I love you he's the best dad ever
that's what I really appreciate one of
the things I really appreciated about
Shay is that he's very agile and he can
really teach our kids how to do most of
those things that I'm still afraid to do
so and then he can teach me dad said cut
down this line let me see you come on I
rolled it backs enough doing this okay
I'm vlogging it isn't that the life of
all the body its blog this guy wait
watch out Daxton I'll get out of the way
this time good job all right we're ready
the doll coffin Oh coffin in honor of
Halloween I get it
shyam love me oh yeah yeah yeah yo
yellow slide somebody's breaking the
skating rule on his cowboy boots uncle
Casey
go go go go Oh Oh Jack's dad :
family isn't it about chasing your
obnoxious children
dude get those football cleats off and
get some skates on you know you want to
get out there go on come on you want to
do a few laps let's go you got knee pads
on if you fall won't hurt oh look at
this reunion he was running he had to be
here early to drop the football player
off we're just getting here whoa my
handsome thank you for excited to be
here for a little late but we're here
that's what matters for me just fine Oh
Gavin's lady started it y'all
Oh
I like your sweater that's my sweater
Avia was cold Hey after breakfast crew
after football game crew what Rene's
being Miranda let's see your best
Miranda sings into clean what keeps
yelling daddy's Charlie wants go in
daddy's truck like Miranda Saxton young
boy daddy
Oh dad daddy's truck we don't have a car
seat daddy's truck guess I'll have to
get one yeah favorite is what no it's
Kevin hey guys
Sunday afternoon and we're just cooking
dinner
and we're setting up all the Halloween
decorations we're getting into all the
Halloween stuff you guys are gonna make
this thing so exciting yeah that was
weird to walk in so you've logging for
some reason hey that's what we do we
vlog yeah unfortunately I do remember
that cheese brach basically for the last
three Halloween's you've pushed that an
average of 150 times per season oh I
guess if you like it might as well enjoy
it yeah sure it's my favorite thing well
if you enjoy might as well here huh
we're like oh my gosh gonna get rid of
this thing let's hear it that's cool
we're setting up Halloween candy from
the last Halloween over and choose a
poisons probably a pork more oh we found
one of the hidden candy stashes from
last Halloween what's this
alright we're getting all the
decorations out that all kinds of stuff
to hang up
it's Halloween time and I'm cooking some
meat on the grill cuz we're gonna eat
dinner
Zeke sleeping on the carpet hey this is
the security crew there's a 5 for 7 how
many legs you guys got he just tripped
hey blondie keeping things under wraps
out here alright sound good let's see
what we got grilling up under oh my
deliciousness it's time for a good ol
wholesome steak dinner so be sure to
grab your steak knife and some a1 sauce
belly on up to the table ladies and
gentlemen it's time to have dinner with
the butler's hey thanks for watching
sorry the vlog was late today guys we
shot some podcasts the podcasts were
longer than normal so then I got behind
on the editing and blah blah blah
excuses you don't care but there's going
to be a video today that you just watch
thanks for watching and
tomorrow and on Wednesday I'm very
excited about the podcast going up we
had a lot of conversation about Mars and
water on Mars and what the implications
of that mean
so that podcast will be up on Wednesday
and other stuff and I love you and give
me kiss thumbs up the video leave us a
nice comment if you want to see what
we're doing yesterday click on me if you
want to see a mystery video click on
colette and if you want to see Shaytards
logs every single day for the last six
years click somewhere on the screen
you'll find a video to watch I'm sure
it'll make you smile love you guys
thanks for being part of our life hope
you had a great weekend we'll see you
tomorrow but but
