video number 200 today you believe it's
not funny
after the year is over after 365 days
are you gonna still make videos with our
powers combined we are in the Shaytards
MA meet our son tired
Prentis tired baby tired and sleepy card
will we stop we don't know what let's
give the determining factor he's sick of
us would you guys watch more than 365
days are you ready
hola how's it going good great grand
wonderful time for me to talk on the
camera Oh what did you get me what did
you get me I bet it's for the kids isn't
it
Joey's for the kids they always get
everything oh it's for me haters gonna
hate guilty face Oh guys this beard is
getting out of hand love your beard bro
BIA
starting to question my my veracity of
keeping it this long that's improv
comedy right I'm up not about speed up
my sister are you proud of yourself what
I got nice teeth yeah he's with me
hey Carl what do you want me to film
your book Rick you did say I'm not gonna
shake my eyes with your mom Sara Kerry
Patton okay yeah it's like the protector
of our family what does a man to do with
such a beautiful woman that makes
delicious nutritious meals for his
family every night what hi
okay that's a youtuber right there she
knows how to create great moments down
here the bottom because the microphones
are up there trying to put a space
between two signals cut it out yeah do
you like it did I do a good job
hi guys this print this time we just
dropped gobs Gavin off from football
practice did you get finish the Johnson
file I've been working on it all morning
you're supposed to be done with it and
put it on my desk
the girls hi girls oh excuse me hear you
so good about rope see trees that's what
I love about Avia hey Jake Carl what's
practiced hard is like rummaging through
senseless person started crying today
let's see your kick for the start what
is bad yes oh I like this one monitored
oh snap and she was smiling big-time
nothing's more romantic than going to
use the same girl dude second grade and
you already got a phone number
see when you grow up and you're married
for 11 years you'll find out that an
Ikea trip when you have five kids is
quite the treat you get back you haven't
given her and you haven't given her your
phone number have you you like mr. Ryder
pants or something your that jobs have
file done yet collected then a football
toothbrush hot dog what you've turned
into the beard into a bullet what is the
Johnson file maybe that's why you
haven't finished it is that like on Meet
the Robinsons that let you built that oh
my swear he's so tired and I love him so
much
I found a purplish of princess how many
times we crack your head open on that
never I'll show you something that's
really cool
can you hide this somewhere you know
honey we got a dancer on our hands
your bump fry egg interviewed by well
these really save this people who are
they I didn't know because I imagined
we'll work on it you got the beat down
so we're shopping for dog food
the only way I could get him to follow
me is if I call them a puppy puppy come
on you started to eat it what do you
want to be when you grow up of course
Iron Man dude everybody can tell that's
a piece there's a mine where
are you guys ready to have another
member of this family believe it
they Daxton it's me guys it's like he's
holding splitter like he doesn't know
what to do with it
give me the profile of that dude there
is a living person we got the shot let's
go make cards out are we gonna have
another kid that's another question do
you want this video this is how you turn
it off
think about let's get them installed it
for a little bit say true why we've had
the good times that made us last where
we see
