Colette Colette you're gonna yell at me
Sara
scary guy okay all right we wrote a book
it's here I'm so excited
here's we believe that this is us on the
earth and this is our grandpa or grandma
and our aunts and our best friends and
all the people who love us and care for
us we're strengthening us on this earth
spirits literally surrounding us to lift
us up and to give us hope and help us to
give us courage
yeah it's great background music for my
inspiration yeah I know you're filling
it okay today we are going on a special
adventure modular bedroom we have not
told the boys what we're doing it and I
feel bad that the other kids can't go
with us but you know so but they weren't
open later hours so we're going right
now okay we gave him a couple hints he
went to a museum with Cecily once and
it's a museum but it's not about
dinosaurs about something else and the
other clue we gave him was to look at
his shirt what's on your shirt driving
so what if you put those two together
where do you get know your deductive
reasoning is whale ha ha ha ring bugs
rock rock yes Jackson you have a whole
shark pirates together what do you get
joy yep you know I'm turning the car
around we're not gonna take the first
word of your shirt what's your shirt
and take the word of where we visited
okay and then put those together
brach we're going to a pirate museum
excited now we're going to the parent
easy pirate museum arrr matey that took
me forever to get hard you must walk
this blankie scallywag wait uh probably
gonna cut that one out I'm gonna say
scallywag at least 58 more times I know
right we just came through here we're
back well we just saw we just saw David
Archuleta perform here but we didn't
vlog it because we're bad vloggers we're
off on the weekends we came to a concert
here the Willard Arts Center and when we
saw David Archuleta if you saw my
Instagram you know if you follow me on
Twitter you know cuz you're a good
friend of mine you you're cool like that
and follow me on other social media
sites we're going Eaton pirate museum in
PI she's got her pirate shirt on I like
my outfit today I think I do too oh we
got a kid coming out of the back hey
it's all very bohemian today you are a
bo Mannion homey me Indian yo
broccolis excited eat some lunch and go
to the pirate museum when I see your
pirate ship shirt
turn around pirates captured Irish
Richard hi-ho the derry-o is got a
pirate ship on a shirt a stroller
sponsored by tricks and clothing sweet
tick-tick-tick tweet great let's go get
the baby get the Cecily especially get
off of social media get the baby up
let's go what don't say I'm up noxious
hi can you make it
oh you're a good rock climber can you go
higher
Wow let's see how high you can go that's
impressive dude you can go to the top of
Everest I bet Colette Colette you're
gonna yell at me look at your son
there's one shoe in the back I ran 5
miles yesterday don't judge me jeez guys
we're having hash tag fries for lunch
that Cecily joke robots and hash tag
fries my favorite mm-hmm
Jackson's asleep mommy tards eating the
shrimp shrimp Oh No
we're in an antique store now not
touching things look at this soap it's
gecko soap here's a cool thing though
every time you slice off another bar
they all have a lizard it on and this
this one has that in it it's a frog and
this one has a membrillo oh that bar of
soap every time you cut off another
piece there's another bar in there it's
a Cobra
Oh Gary's a bird at Sparrow in the bird
look Kelly Sparrow in the Burj dude now
I know where Kelly copied her album art
freakin plagiarize ur we see now Callie
we see where you got your idea
that's a teaspoon or tablespoon
measurement and it's like a oh wow
those are unique oh yeah I do need a
ball of greenery sure bro it's like a
fairy ball I wanna put it you're right
cut skateboard skateboard skateboard hop
on there bro Tony Hawk pro skater yeah
that is cool
you're the best big skateboarder at the
snake skateboard let's see you kickflip
let me see your best trick can you do a
trick alright let's see you get up on it
jump now ride it look at me look at me
and ride it
you're cool okay jump off into a trick
nice our matey's all aboard the pirate
ship experience here we go ladies and
gentlemen real pirates not the made-up
ones not maybe don't just lock her this
is well we'll get in here and find out
apparently this is a an exhibit of the
only pirate ship ever actually found no
not this this was made to bring more
people in but check out all these pirate
flags it's got to be legit bones and
crossbones everywhere
like I said we're gonna say that at
least 87 times today
it's a pirate voyage with désolée and
coal and here we go
okay you guys we're in the exhibition
we're not really supposed to be vlogging
in here this is owned by National
Geographic and they said no pictures and
stuff so what I think I should probably
listen we'll just show you the Bell
anyways just take my word for it we're
gonna be walking around looking a real
cool real authentic pirate stuff right
there's probably some rum and beards and
gold and stuff so you guys will just
have to take our word for it well we
can't take pictures okay because if we
do the Pirates will come out because a
few thousand years ago pirates roamed
its waters determined to get a piece of
the action they want they might want a
piece of this action or the border
collie can why holy crap this authentic
neck collar from a hand forged
reproduction of the lone Pirate Roberts
is so cool holy cow you should see this
cannonball in set of muskets and boy boy
a real gold treasure chest you guys
should see this holy crap they have a
real pirate sail on exhibit here this is
so fantastic to see whoa slime or under
water you should see this exhibit disses
something I've never be people okay
now or inside a Beaver's dam but you
can't copyright a beavers cuz the beaver
no no it's you want to hold the
flashlight okay here you hold the
flashlight
Dax want to hold the flashlight because
he's scared yeah we're in a beavers did
this is gonna go where we had brought to
him a beaver did I told you I was lying
we're gonna be first in sweet look me
sick I see this this is the beaver right
here and this is like what it looks like
a dam I could win it when the beaver has
to put all these sticks wait for any
real no we're not even beavers and we're
inside here it's not really here for
real nice joking guys Wow cool huh yeah
somebody's about there's bats
that's scary look Sarah scary bat cave
what what dad sins are scary bats in
there dachshund you see him Oh scare huh
monsters oh no he's Karen's elf come on
out of the cave everyone out of the cave
show me the Fox what does the Fox a with
your what's that vest you're wearing is
that an old Bieber skin Pelt you learn
are you on the are you gonna pioneer you
know we don't throw it down you but it
add a prairie hat to your hippie t-shirt
let me see that Davy Crockett is Daniel
Boone
that's Daniel Boone wrote that song by
the way what does the Fox say hottie
hottie huh all right well it's time to
settle down and the old cabin for supper
let's go in and see what the family's
doing oh boy looks like it's suppertime
oh is it time for the baby to go to
sleep
bra good-bye baby
mmm the truth excuse me no slipping on
the frontiers we do have manners in the
eighteen hundred's did you finish that
snapchat story yet this is technology in
the cabin of the 89 chant what thoughts
of snapchat story Rock the baby
dachshund can you rock the baby sing to
the baby
Rockabye Baby in the treetop Scoob boy
all right we'll see you guys later
let's leave these people be to their
supper no scuse me
have you finished churning the butter
yet no you haven't
okay so get back to your chores start
churning it and you ain't going in your
tunnel till the butters churned cuz I
ain't having bread without butter for
supper tonight young man that baby rock
the baby to sleep yet mouthy
baby rock that baby to sleep baby get
him
would you get a good picture I'm gonna
get a good picture of the baby rocking
the baby to sleep in the old western
cabin are you giving the baby kisses oh
good boy you finish your chores did you
finish your chores you got a burner
butter turned the burger truck I am
colossal blow there's a lot of chores on
the frontier bro sorry look there's the
there's the water get some water out of
there put it in the bucket then you have
to like scrub the clothes off
there you go fill it up my goodness did
you put him up to this I swear he
remembers baby I think you and you like
it and so you let him see you're a big
baby that's what you are
he sure I wish I would have had the
camera when he got up there cuz he sure
looked awkward try me he's bigger than
you oh my goodness
starting to sweat are you getting
jealous of Zeke you're getting jealous
Uzi that look like a baby bumper I don't
have a baby bump guys I just eat a lot
don't wreck show toes I love your toes
Dax oh you're so cute holy sip you you
two always let me see let me see if
there's no stinky and Zeke he's in
heaven right now
here's our pirate picture that's the
final look of the pirate picture to find
the pirate museum I learned that it's
the only place where there was a quality
in the 1700s oh right
on the pirate ship really surprised by
well cut the best equality you could
find a lease a lot of a lot of the
people on the ships were like runaway
slaves but they were saying that like
the black dudes and the white dudes got
along it was like they were just on the
ship together so they were sea mates so
didn't matter what color skin you had
because you were on the boat that meant
you were a brother
there were a lot of women fighters yeah
yeah it was like who ever wanted to come
on the boat and steal and murder and
plunder you're welcome so that was good
kind of democratic all the spoils were
shared people except for what except for
what the person who owned them so not
that democratic really because they
stoled everything anyways Gavin's right
in the story yes for English oh cool
what's it about it's about a kid named
Sam he is apparently a wheelchair and in
this one Billy
hang out did you make this up hey did
you tell him about our manuscript of our
actual real book that we wrote - I don't
want to dis you're like assignment but
we have a real book coming out - you're
like mr. writer pants or something you
just like writing all this stuff I guess
reading all those books paid off huh
so Gavin's writing something for English
hey go get our manuscript and show them
that's very exciting I should show you
that it's in my truck hold on I'm gonna
go get all right
we wrote a book it's here I'm so excited
alright the manuscript for our book is
finally here
printed it off today got to go through
and make a bunch of notes a lot of notes
to make you got to get a red pencil you
can see there's already been some
editing done but these there are - this
one's for you
I want that read by the morning so hurry
and get your report done and then
finished reading the book that we wrote
earlier there's kiddin
but I'm serious I do want you to read
this over the next week okay just take a
pencil read through it and if there's
anything that you don't like cuz you
wrote some stuff in there that you wrote
pen to paper stuff that is in here so I
want you to read it and I want you to
make sure that you still like feel the
same way and like it sounds the way you
want it to sound and you need to approve
that book because your names on the
cover - bro it's me and you
so um
aren't you glad you're not my son as
soon as you're done with your English
essay you have to proof read the book
you wrote that your dad made you write
it's fun living in our house
do you agree yeah kinda
anyways should we give him a little know
what I can't know you sure that book
good grip alright anyways exciting
exciting news I will be honest because
you know I don't like to lie because
Abraham Lincoln's my role model but I
read the first page of it and I did
start crying they came down um many
reasons because it was a cool experience
with me and Gavin and I felt like that
kind of like bond father-son bond - I
really liked the first page the first
page is really good I was like yes yes
this is exactly how I wanted it to be
and third it was like it's done like
that big hard thing that I've always
wanted to do or be able to have said I
did is almost finished now mind you haha
like I said in the podcast we did not
write this entire thing me and Gavin
wrote portions of this and then we said
the rest with our mouths and we had a
ghostwriter
Sally Collins what up Sally shout out to
our ghost photos over : give it go slow
shadows over me and Gavin loves Sally
we hung out with Sally for a week that's
how we wrote this book me and Gavin
wrote a lot of it then Sally came to a
Los Angeles we hung out in Los Angeles
for a week and then we did like twice a
week Skype calls for a month or
something so she took down all the stuff
we said and did and wrote and compiled
it into this which now we have to read
through an edit right
then the book will be yours January ish
2016 you can have a copy of that in your
hands we got to take a picture we need a
front cover picture still too so when
you wake up for school tomorrow morning
you'll have to do that because they're
asking for anyways
that's a wrap on today a lot of piano
music going on in here no no IRA you're
a pirate tyrant you're a pirate tyrant
what I love this picture
you guys we believe that this is us on
the earth and this is our grandpa our
Grandma and our aunt and our best
friends and all the people who love us
and care for us we're strengthening us
on this earth spirits literally
surrounding us to lift us up and to give
us hope and help us to give us courage
yeah let's great background music for my
inspiration yeah I know you're filling
it yeah that's a youtuber right there
she knows how to create great moments
alright we'll see you tomorrow
Shaytards out
