there's a male lion we're just kidding
bubble mania here alright listen up
everybody it's Monday I'm running today
I'm gonna start uploading some shayloss
videos I'm trying to run 30 miles this
week it's a big week trying to get my
head in the game of light this is a
Monday vlog this is just like old
footage and stuff we did this weekend
we'll get on like the regular schedule
this week cuz I'll be running and I'll
be on a good schedule
alright roll the intro log in here
alright time for another football game
we've got Cecily here with us this time
yay she decided to come to Idaho because
she's awesome
I know we're hanging out Gavin got it on
the field that seems like a cm Oh
offside
Kevin's right it depends on the year
that your
I remember it was lifeless you know
growing up I never thought I would be
that mom but I get worked up in these
games like sometimes I would go a full
game and I can't even sit down once I
just get really excited and I start
yelling a lot well I think that's good
though
just shows I'm involved right I don't
yell profanities yet so that's good
do I ever yell profanities know that
football it brings out in me guys
football and driving ask my kids the
only time they ever hear me swear his
when I'm driving I'm a bad mom Shea cut
all that off you guys Jackson's ready to
race that's K ready go oh my gosh that
we're chasing the blonde is cutest baby
in Olympic history could he break the
world yet P daddy broke it you broke all
the records there you go
Andy doc hey Gavin's plain Center
Oh
any Caesar stay right here I can't see
you though now it's time for a Sunday
hike now is not the winter of our
discontent okay I don't know what that
means
the opening line to Richard the third oh
okay
Cecily knows all things theater are we
walking through the brush
I know it's taller than you are to
having to help you come here
God you too much tickling I love
watching him walk it's the cutest thing
you walk cute - Gavin oh now he's runnin
hmm so cute baby I don't know how to get
the shots you can get oh I need you oh
there we go
hey I always need you not just to get
shots I need your love
did you it's just for you that's not for
the vlog just say love you there's a
mailman we're just kidding
Shh you're not funny hmm yes stinker
what are you have in your hand Rock what
do you have in your hand is that a wild
bunny friend bunny oh my goodness look
look you guys that's so cool
I know we're oh I can't sit I guess so
beautiful
it's beautiful beautiful notice how they
all stopped funny they do okay
I don't know I've been filming with it
we'll see let's see I'm home I'm
vlogging right now is that weird
you are yeah but you can't see it I know
I can
it's supposed to be live in the moment
you're not supposed to be able to see it
supposed to be able to just like not
have to look through the camera
I mean look through the screen camera oh
shoot off my game is going on your eyes
their eyes like this baby so oh that's a
good mommy die you should jump in you
having fun in the bubbles you guys say
snow good I like the way
all right here's day one of getting back
to jogging I do not repeat do not feel
like doing this we're going to do it
because I know I know for a fact that
when I'm done I will feel better but
right now this is the last thing I want
to do and in fact I've been
procrastinating starting the jog for
about 45 minutes by like I gotta check
this or I should do this first and just
got to stop making excuses eventually
and just do the thing so here I am
trying to do the thing just to make my
body run I'm gonna try to get three
miles
I've run five marathons three miles and
they're intimidating right now here we
go has it been five four and a half I
don't know we just got to get our bodies
moving you guys ready let's do this oh
my recording hi whoops up in the camera
we get all the ducting right here that's
a cool camera well
Cecily is with us tonight aka dog
whisperer McGirt
she's so comfortable right now my life
isn't really what struggle Fred say
let's go dad
oh my god all right late night
motorcycle ride okay I say how these
guys guys guys like that and look at me
look in look at that look at us oh there
we are
this vlogging right watch what you ready
look at this look who's that look who's
that who's that a Sexton hey hey Daxton
that's me yes hi guys hi everybody hi
Shep what's up dudes do so you guys are
some cool dudes ha rad so you're rad
yeah ok sir uh yeah look guys no no
that's his baby
that's gayborhood saying no saying no
yeah alright at that time because it's a
school night and it's right night it's
right night the right night for a fight
night almost alright alright so we're
back from Los Angeles we're back from
the streamys did you have a good time I
had a blast I love my new rules Emmy did
you like the streamys yeah what was your
favorite part
um probably one like I think cheerleader
oh they were so excited Avia and Emmy
were freaking out like dad dad he's
gonna be here
singer house I go I think I found myself
a cheerleader she is always right there
when I need her that's the one then we
saw that singing that dude sing and
it'll sing it alive at the streamys
strain me
let's try anyways yeah I'll give you up
this is the end slate thanks for
watching today click on yesterday's
video it was a fantastic Shaytards
rewind a really good one and then who's
that convincing a really good one no
they are getting better give them a
chance you guys I know a lot of you're
like oh to work three wide videos go
watch them they're really good and then
if you haven't seen our 25-minute
streamys vlog that's like a day before
yesterday click on that or if you want
to see the
history video of the brand new podcast
or something I don't know guys got to
give the rewind some love they're like
our life's in a nutshell I love it yeah
okay all right we love you guys we're
back on track tomorrow she'll later bye
would you make dude oh that's cool
