some people might find me a bit
a little tradition every year we watch
the VMAs and which I could dance with
that pretty girl it's called the stanky
leg I think it's safe to say we got a
dancer on our hands should move I can't
dance
but I can punch you in the face what are
you flogging my vlogers going long
ladies and gentlemen he's gonna get a
touchdown steals home got a pic smeared
out you can't look that good look crazy
cutest kids you've logged in here before
dude I know a guy hooked you up with
yeah definitely do you guys want to know
why they're crooked cuz I punched you in
the face
no oh my good woman well this is what I
do at the beach
it's so rude stop trying to make out I
just sees the champion she's curling and
then I'm crowing you're talking to not
to day I'm wondering how do you get so
handsome there's the real Sun card Sun
tard Sun card wait laughing at bro
chicken butt oh that's nice dude you
ready my friends it's time to get pumped
up and cheer for 31 are you pretty good
to know it dude
okay baby's hard she got that baby girl
swag she can get a little
why does it baby told whoever talk
because she has learned so baby's art be
more selective with your footage okay
stay here have you
sleep tight is that my sticker what's up
what do you see what no Korean snack
pack in a can your crap you're a big
girl get out of here okay maybe two more
for you down do you like what's that
what are you eating say Apple I think
the most handsome award goes to this
young man yes it does you better have
that entire floor mopped by midnight
you're gonna turn back into a pumpkin
yeah this is definitely the the song
that this dance goes to you're a little
bit stronger on your legs nowadays that
way who are you your dad I have to go
have always II yes I know it toughest
you brush teeth Gary for bed okay you
okay you wanna feed it to me
bring in the palm leaves and the grape
yeah that's gonna let me I love this
little think my favorite little whip
what's your snails name your snails name
daddy seriously go away we're watching
our YouTube
prison start when you wag girlfriend
back handspring it's a perfect okay we
just watch a music video I think I see
you dancing like that I'll smack you
upside the head that's for sure
that's for dang sure thing if there's a
boy and he says he likes you say sky why
try me good job hey remember the song
used to sing all the time when you used
to watch that Barney yes you do remember
princess cards applying a little bit of
cheese there mmm no sorry bro House
Rules
Tony macaroni you stay away from the
boys okay right now I can be your wife
yeah you know they PDF ap two years dead
he's on two three you have two floors to
do with you now you're they're gonna
knock that on your head or you get a
spill water and dog food everywhere or
you're gonna get some in your mouth when
you gonna have one of those blows out
can you dance dance blog you know crap
this is just hazardous this is a
modern-day David versus Goliath
so Zeke has been missing shapes so much
trying to follow me around it's not the
same where's dad you know it's so hard
to say goodbye that's a wrap I'd
appreciate you guys for being a part of
it
the people who support us so see you
guys tomorrow
I'm sweating it's hot in here okay
pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is
Katie letting shake Carl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events and if you don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them got I'm
wondering how do you get so handsome
okay and baby's heart she got that baby
girl swag she can get a little crazy
just like her dad what a rock part I see
you starting the wot hit that stinky leg
then he hit the driver prison start
where you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten huh yeah
you know they PDF EP two years done and
he's on two three we're ready for a
video so let it be clear hey what do you
see up there is it a bird now we're
going this way come on we're going this
way
well huh that's a car yeah come on silly
let's go it's so hard to say goodbye to
yesterday
oh the good sounds no mommy's day long
this is happy family get them up shut up
sheikha freakin now I'm talking about my
friend
oh my oh my lord oh my
everything's gonna be okay
