it begins the monstrous drift on the
back patio you guys away maybe mate
I got a film if you can do a cannonball
okay this is oh my goodness you guys
look now Oh
it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas everywhere yo it's early look
6:42 a.m. it's time to go back to school
isn't it the worst when you've had a
week-long Thanksgiving vacation where
you just get to lay around and eat hang
out with your friends and family all day
and now you go back to school
sorry but it's part of life we got to
keep pushing forward keep moving on keep
educating learning sorry I have to
practice all of that eh oh oh better
wear an extra coat and galoshes today
hey you ready to freeze your luffa siz
off out there that's gonna be a cold one
you see the snow you're sad to go back
to school do wish you could stay on
Thanksgiving break forever well guess
what boys break has come up very soon
she wants a smile bigger all right well
I am being a good dad today and husband
I told Colet I would take care of all
the morning routine for the kids on this
cold blustery snowy day I'm gonna get
all these guys off to school brush your
hair all right to make a little bit of
breakfast let's go wake up the other
kids Oh
what we have down here busted
I caught you busted sleeping on your big
old bean bag love sack okay I'm gonna
wake up the kids
it's still totally raw like is that any
me more scared you scared you hey it is
snowing out there with dress warm it's
snowing big time oh you did you guys up
what time you guys get up I was just
barely just barely did your alarm go off
started stretching what times you get up
dirty snowing out there huh alright I'm
making breakfast burritos so everybody
get up I'm being a good dad today
yeah that's right I'm a good dad give me
some claps how are the breakfast burrito
contents looking that's some eggs and
sausage some mushrooms okay how'd I do
good breakfast burritos Maya dad do you
have nutrients and nutrition in order to
get your body through the rest of the
day all right as what we did before
school we watch our old videos
I like this song you guys haven't seen
this little music video go watch on
Collette's channel anyways dude look
who's rockin wreck and ready for school
you wearing the Flamingo shoes today
hey cool just wish you were rocking a
trixin shirt that's all dude I'm not
sure where these Hurley shirts are
coming from I'm gonna find them and burn
them haha just getting kind of are you
guys ready for our annual snow drift to
start piling up right here by the door
it's starting his number last year we
did a snow fort AV everywhere that yeah
I'm gonna miss walking out the store
friend yeah 32 months I have to make a
snow fort video we do shovel it off
don't be like you're just scumbag lazy
you don't show off your walk there's too
much snow it's like nine feet okay yeah
it's better for forts than for shoveling
so get up our proverbial winter batu
skis bookie do be good
you guys want to see a vias christmas
decorations
they're already almost covered up in
snow she was out here all by herself
bless her little heart look got
christmas light other branches self he's
got as low it looks good i'm so excited
i love the winter time it's beginning to
look a lot like Christmas everywhere ski
do not buy Christmas lights do not try
this at home
well you ain't Zeke blondie huh like who
is cold it's cold out here in the snow
got snow on your nose umm umm umm umm
umm hey yummy don't eat yellow snow dude
he's thirsty attic
all right who's hungry keke keke keke
kitty come on let's eat let's eat come
on my team they're hungry you're gonna
get a get a get a get a get a get get
giddy giddy giddy
oh yes hungry hungry okay I'm coming I'm
coming I'm coming
hi I love you I love you love you hi
mama I'm a mess just me it's just daddy
it's okay she doesn't like the other
cats she hisses at him she doesn't like
when they get around she thinks they're
gonna take our food all right
delicious breakfast these are the cats
we have left there's two more white ones
but they're scared don't be scared come
and get it this is a pretty cat actually
look how kitty kitty kitty kitty hey
blue eyes look at me stretch the mom cat
hisses at them that's the mom cat oh
let's see Oh little growl little growl
get in there don't be shy there's plenty
I'm beating the kitties that is the
picture of code right there the ice
crystals with the snowflakes flurrying
by blue well the kids are all at school
guess what time it is now you guessed it
time to do our chores and time to pull
out the big old tools he's ready I love
this time of year because it means I get
to listen to music and podcasts and this
baby and Drive snow it's like you're a
astronaut and your very own capsule
they're just a lot of fun they're Alana
fun indeed all right kick the tires
light the fires let's do this
we got a star baby
all right it's time to get moving
well we're gonna start running outside
but looks like it's treadmill season
price snowing a lot of snow
hey hey hey guys guys I read one mile
yeah you know what just here again I'm
coming back you got it
watch it it wasn't what I think you ran
17 you leap 17 hey hey where's your
punching bag where's your punching
gloves come on
prosody wants to run like this so he
will be better when we do the hill
climbs oh yeah that's good we should we
should do a hill climb in this weather
that be doing a mile today I don't care
but I don't blame you me too yeah I'll
get them guns
I like the colors that are going on
right now green or black the blue the
trick I did Shaytards calendar available
on Trix and calm yes I don't know if
we're sold out of the first mm but we're
going to sign the first two thousand so
we Bluff hand dad left it deadlift
that's good
strengthen the neck those legs the
glutes
Thanks yeah yeah you do nice Daxton can
you pick up that bar over there go try
to pick up that bar can you pick that up
use your legs
alright Brock you can do it hey teamwork
hey dachshund let go the Steve just
brought can do it come on down with your
legs good now look up look up look up go
down squad your legs keep your eyes up
go to bend your legs up look up three go
nice dude one more look up high good job
dude
that nice delicious carrot
I know it's so pretty
in the flurry
the way your finger then
yo Meg ok guys I'm in some shoes do you
like it you really can't smell the
nutrients if you guys don't believe that
you feel better if you eat more denser
foods then you're just fooling yourself
you fools not a meaning call you sorry
do you think you like it
Scott apples beets carrots and spinach
it's really good just very tasty Marv
not to know better no three of yous my
brain feels watch got smarter yesterday
a math problem ok
I don't know but now I got it I'll carry
the one God Oh carry the one love you
guys it begins the monstrous drift on
the back patio it's good yeah you're
cold I know
ok it's ridiculous you guys oh wait a
minute wait I gotta film if you can do a
cannonball
ok it is not even December yet you guys
and we have drifts on drifts on drifts
this is so exciting I feel like last
year we didn't have this much snow until
December I'm alright have to go back and
look in the vlogs but this is no oh my
goodness you guys like no.9 oh don't you
throw that at me
ok Briony oh alright so anyways we got
snow so I think it's supposed to keep
coming down today hopefully we hear that
maybe it'll be a snow day tomorrow you
guys - school tomorrow
and with no really that would be crazy
Hans Hanigan you're a bunny look guys it
isn't a bunny suit can I um your little
bunny
look I tie you to bunny family Anya you
guys that suit used to be Logan McKay 55
suits like crazy
Gavin wore it maybe wore it anyway
now dachshunds wearing it yes you wore
it to you all wore it yeah oh yeah the
Christmas lights oh do you guys see the
lights already I feel like they saw the
lights maybe not
cool the lights are cool should go get
your hat in your gloves now I'm gonna go
with my hat you kids I know you don't
really nice you bunny
he's a rich in bunny you wanna see okay
wait he wants to show you something okay
show me okay don't ruin the wall or
whatever oh they're making a trampoline
gym in their room I love it
all right snow bunnies you're going out
I'm gonna go make us no okay snow come
in - I don't pay stop getting so close
I'm trying to show them your outfit so
it's so cool okay go outside backyard oh
just go you can do it you don't need
goggles it's so of course it's gonna get
in your eyes a little bit just go
outside and play in the snow
all right let me see if I can find some
goggles you ready
look at me
okay goodbye how's it going out there
the cold all right good luck Dax see you
later
oh I'm gonna hide back in here
Rafi I can't put my arms - Oh Jackson no
mommy hey dudes you having fun yet close
I'm going back inside you're going back
inside
what'd you say
my cookies coming back inside what are
you gonna do I love you guys funny you
know I remember getting all bundled up
and then you last maybe two minutes in
the snow and then you're done snow he
does I was a real woman I'd get out
there and go play with them now Dingle
stay inside rats warm the others don't
snowballs at me
you're gonna do a cannonball nice can't
believe there's this much snow in one
day well they actually stayed out there
much longer than I thought they would
you guys done you're really cool whoa
careful okay you gotta take your stuff
off right there stand right there was it
fun though well you stayed out there for
about 15 minutes I was pretty good
I'm impressed you little snow bunny oh
so cute hey let me help you oh my gosh
where do we help you hey guys all right
we're making dinner and tonight we're
going to use some ground elk we're going
to make this elk that Casey got we're
gonna cook elk meat and we're gonna do
onions and then some pasta some pasta
sauce and some salad with some kale
because kales really good for you
oh isn't it pretty it's so green and
pretty anyways let's get cooking oh and
the kids decided that they wanted to
play in the snow again they're loving
this they're loving the snow and I was
afraid the dachshund would just get you
know like most kids get winner that age
they get cold and tired and it's too
cold I don't like it I'm all wet my
glove won't stay on there you know but
he is not he's not complaining all he
loves it he ran outside me ran back in
both I love this he's just like shade I
guys having fun oh nice you still having
fun Dax you're trying to throw snowballs
with your mittens on Oh off of this love
you guys I'm glad you're having fun
you're making some good trails on the
lawn
make a snow angel I love you
I can't hold you right now you're all
snowy you're gonna throw snowball at me
Hulk smash the snow huh ah okay we're
dying we're starving it's almost time to
eat
he's got noodles all done bread that I
did not burn mind you I almost did I
almost do every time but I did not he is
just a little brown just perfect nice
and crispy and then there's the sauce
with the upbeat it'll be delicious
okay Brockie we say the prayer we're
going to eat we're not waiting anymore
please we pray please please Plus that
Dad hoping dad
it will be here simply suppose that
ducks are stopped a bit of paper the
baby Jesus cool again
amen thank you thanks Brock I'm glad
that you pray that the food will taste
good hopefully it worked okay
