certs and rolls it was a week that's the
question are we lying it yes ma'am okay
there are people here so there's nobody
here
third 150 people here there are 300
there's 400 people 500 600 700 people
800 people there's 900 people welcome
there it is welcome one thousand four
hundred five hundred people log in here
yo yo yo yo yo yo what is up it is
September 17th and we are getting ready
to go to the Streamy Awards at the
Palladium Theatre in downtown Los
Angeles come on yeah um I guess you see
what I'm wearing now a periscope
Shaytards video today if you want to see
what we're doing
follow me and Colette on Twitter we are
going to the Streamy Awards it's an
Internet show it's like the Oscars for
the internet kind of but we're going to
it tonight and it will be on TV on vh1
so if you want to watch it you can see
it tonight on vh1 and you guys want to
see whose shoes I'm rocking my buddy
Caden made me some sweet shoes he to
make him for me I like to pretend he
made them for me kay you're so cool
shoes with these shoes
the stewed is what I'm rocking tonight
on the red carpet I went to the mall
last night looking for a cool pair of
shoes to wear on the red carpet and
they're like yeah we have the cane
Lambert's in a ten and a half of my
dad's my size I want them so I got him
uh Jordan eights dude cool story if you
don't know who Kaden is look him up cool
guy and he designed some really sweet
shoes and I weren't saying okay so let's
roll to the periscope Shaytards video
for today thanks we'll be back regular
video soon babe
I can't show you too much
no live-streaming oh he's going I'm sure
I'm just gonna see the word its first
okay I am live streaming with you guys
can you hear me refer to her about to
take off to head to Washington us
thanks Rick club candor good I don't
know what that message was all about but
she texts me back and said sorry wrong
number we say hi to somebody let's see
if we can say hi to somebody walking
through this is crazy I am on an
airplane about to take off there are
just random people getting on the
airplane there are random people getting
in this live show see if you know
somebody maybe one of you can think
about maybe one of you guys know
somebody on this plane
wanna see the next person maybe you'll
know them oh yeah
this is exciting anyways me and Eric
we're headed to playlist live TC and
we're gonna meet a bunch of people there
we have a bigger tricks and clothing
booth so if you guys are not doing much
this weekend and you want to hang out
like review all the tricks and crew
we're gonna be live-streaming the booth
so you can come a few more bucks you
guys want to come hang out with us the
whole weekend already live streaming
we're in the booth so you guys can just
come and chill while we're at playlist
live and if you can't come to playlist
live we're gonna make it well he had an
orange sweater on
she's pretty you're pretty pretty
hairy one all right I like your coke
so you look handsome told me about
Hansel I told a guy today that he looked
handsome because he had a really cool
outfit on and it just came out of my
mouth really weird
they asked we're in line no I wasn't it
was listen we are in line to like check
our baggage and this guy had this really
cool outfit on and right as he turned
around it just came out of my mouth
because it struck me I'm like I really
like his outfit and I just can't I said
you look really handsome and he was like
what you can't just compliment with the
guy there's a little thing about
staggers come to let's see if any of
these people want to sit higher for the
livestream like to say hi to our
livestream listen you guys darris guys
doubled let's play truth or dare
wait are there just so Darris I thought
you're calling me no you're not yours I
said we should play truth or dare
Derek you go first okay you guys were
playing truth or dare for them to have
the ideas not I have a saying you have
to go first you want truth or dare Oh
there okay so Derek has a dare give us
some ideas what should Derek's dare be
right here as
shout tricks and rules can you go first
no you said your first what if they
can't do it don't be a wuss
suits and rolls it was a week let's have
a contest let's go watch sir what's up
man
okay maybe we should have a contest now
it's my trip tricks and rules
you're so immature they don't let people
like us in first class that was not weak
that was loud you don't know because you
can't hear how loud I was on the
airplane you're in an audio device I
screwed that people are calling me it
was cuz I was allowed to beat that okay
now you have to be better
okay make it work out their head around
- watch it - Casey
congratulations our longest replace
either today's it's gonna be going it's
gonna be time to go soon oh my Mac of
your brother I think I won the truth or
dare contest over here larger such as
roller bags as you're placing your
wallet banks on the overhead vans me
right there this old Eric Lynch worries
about to post a picture just like a
commodity roller Bank let me offer
headbands as I possibly can
now I just want to welcome everybody on
drugs and rules I want to say hi to my
livestream
I got some people run away to sea hello
how would your about
tripped and fell and give her home have
a safe flight
she tripped you guys be careful watch
your step you hurt yourself hi
I pretend like I don't know who he is
all I get a new street can I get him to
see anyways alright so we're boarding
the plane I love you guys thanks for
tuning in how cool is this that the
plane capacity can hold 2,300 people use
that's pretty nice catechol nonfat
that's like that's a lot of people in a
tin box bye everybody see you soon
we'll see you in Washington DC look it
up show the shirt that's the playlist
sure Turk you're handsome juggle yeah
yes handsome guys look at it give him
your best rock impression
all right as you guys soon maybe if the
flight has free Wi-Fi we can do some
more this do you think that they could
stream from 30,000
you didn't know on my face you
don't need it you don't just bring any
coming here you bet lush anyways we're
much we learn the strings
hey yes the question are we like it oh
yes ma'am okay there are people here so
there's nobody here
third 150 people here there are 300
there's 400 people 500 600 700 people
800 people there's 900 people welcome
there is welcome in 1400 500 people
there's 1700 people I'm trying to read
any of their names
I can click click click click click okay
are you ready there are enough people
now that we can start talking 2,000
people go yes go I'm sorry did you have
a dr. pepper at lunch we got to get her
some food she's gonna hit a wall ladies
in bed and then we're gonna have a
meltdown before the red carpet and it's
gonna be madness Sookie oh I'm just
excited because we found outfits that we
really love but we help putting shades
together because okay so we got a lot of
options don't worry I'm gonna return
whatever we don't use I'm better
returning she's saying that so you don't
think that were spoiled rich people well
it that's what she's feeling
self-conscious because there are a lot
of options
she isn't being clean of returning I am
a clean of return which i think is cheap
I don't like that no if you don't know
if you like you've taken but it's like
showing I don't agree with the thing is
like by a hundred ties and if you don't
like and we'll take ten back no if you
use them and then take them back that's
different but if you got by them just to
compare them you gotta treat amazed it's
good to return things because it's like
releasing something into the wild that
someone else would I'm just saying this
is a business owner I don't like it
anyways let's move on did you take care
of the clothes bye
okay so Shay has these amazing shoes I'm
gonna tell the story about those okay
okay first of all hello
it's like okay you talk about we're here
we're gonna hang for this is Jamie you
then ton of time um okay so we're
getting ready um Colette doesn't want to
show what she's going to wear yet she
wants to be like a surprise like here's
the big reveal I wanted to be on my
tweeter I'll tweet it take a picture
can I have the photo cred hey and tell
them do can I have a little bit of
credit for picking out your shoes oh you
can have most of the credit really
you're gonna give it to me I saw them I
saw being it I probably wouldn't have
got them if you didn't make that comment
that you made about that right okay so I
wasn't asked can we tell them that
Colette shoes that she will be wearing
to the streamys tonight live on vh1
September 17 set the date today
I've just been used to say in September
17 so I assume that today is September
17 we because today's the streamys so 17
I know my timing anyways um we were in
the shopping complex with the shopping
things and walking by and I said babe
look at those shoes they are they look
like oh sorry my you ain't a shoes there
Cecily calls them Beyonce shoes but I
said they're inspired by the happiness
is a choice painting they look just
they're like very similar hi so when you
see the shoes on the Twitter only
regrets what let's spray tan Oh gross
that is disgusting we're not going to
the streamys cancel it give it to the EB
family let him win all right
I really want your help help me pick
here so here are our options
you guys ready show them the jacket well
here's many times okay so here is my
jacket that looks really fabulous on
Shay and no I don't like it it's gray
I like the blood it's a great gabardine
I'm glad you're here cuz I have no idea
what that word is
so people who know what style and
fashion are she will say those words guy
in a little coat away reverse it switch
it hot skinny chick and a fat chubby
guys come
why is that never video okay so here's
the selections that's the options this
is an option here shown options that we
kind of already are leaning towards
I like this shirt Cecily and leave it to
Cecily to be concerned about this is
afraid that it'll Moray and why don't
you let us know what more Amy like it
kind of like pinwheels it makes your
eyes go what am I looking at because it
looks like moving if it song if a
pattern is too small on camera it does
it that thing where it goes we switch
the way that's called when I wear
stripes on the months.you is it hiring
you guys can tell us yeah are we having
the more a effect I'm wondering if the
lighting is good enough to induce it oh
wait hold on
oh maybe did you guys see the more a are
we more is that a bad thing - more a
maybe I want two more a and sashay
they're saying yes it cannot it can make
her your eyeball
does it hurt you got you guys what do
you think of the shirt help forget about
that big fancy film thing that she's
talking about do you like the shirt with
this tie doesn't hurt your eye look wait
it was blue the jacket okay look there's
a good combo I think that is a good
combo okay just think about the outfits
nice - can I show you the next one
collection
okay so then there's this option I like
this one it has arrows on it yeah but
this tie is kind of the same blue it has
flecks of the colors that are in the
like shoe movement like the shoe kind of
this okay we're going to talk about this
shoe this is a very loud shoe but a
awesome 11 year old kid designed a shoe
someone raised the shoe right now people
got everybody embrace you think this is
this is the shoe we want to go at this
are flecks of a glow-in-the-dark
the kid who designed this that's his
finger his thumbprint and it's
glow-in-the-dark so you got the flex
also in the time Jason yeah
oh dude and his brothers I still want to
tell them shy Tom about a shoe right now
before we choose the shirt were using my
shirt the other option I thought sure
it's just a simple black tie wait hold
on we have another correspondent is this
your outfit are we showing this I don't
know if we can show this yet don't show
yeah this is like it's not complete you
can't show um Dava until it's complete
yeah that's
all right yes okay that's so then
decisions simple black tie and then we
have the father the father yeah I really
like this option too
yes things hmm yeah they are saying that
blue is more my personality I know right
blue tie or the blue shirt I think the
blue shirt okay and it doesn't work so
what do you guys think blue or white
which one I'm reading the comments are
saying blue with the flight blue tie and
that's it that's the shirt that you like
the most - I don't do it we're done dirt
I'm with this one let me tell him is a
black one there are some other tie up
shion's I like the red shirt that was my
initial favorite anyways let me tell you
about these shoes you guys a kid named
Caden Lampert 10 year old there's Kaden
right there he had he was diagnosed with
autoimmune disorder I don't know if I'm
gonna pronounce this right Cecily help
me you're French
Gillian beer Gris on Bobby well because
she's average however will erase um
anyways this poor kid was at basketball
practice one day all sudden got sick and
you know had to be run rushed to the
hospital
anyways there's this Doernbecher
hospital and Nike and then have teamed
up to let kids design their own Jordans
so these are known as Jordan eight and
this kid designed these and I tweeted at
the hospital last night
to tell him hi if he's if they see him
if they see him around and tell him to
be wearing his shoes tonight at the
streamys and then they tweeted me back
the Doernbecher Hospital tweeted me back
so cool guys cool hospital the shoes are
dope he he did like the the details are
so minut like his brothers names are
Blake
what's his other brother's name check
this out and Ryland about this and he
put their names behind the straps of the
shoe like all these things that he
thought of they designed at Nike so
these are legit Jordan Blakely
there's probably shoot dudes that are
freaking out about you manhandle in
those shoes so much easy ladies
easy but anyways this kid designed these
and they like every tiny detail you can
think of is on these shoes so um I'm
gonna wear these tonight I'm very pumped
there's Riley they're so comfortable
courses there's Blake hey Riley
Brad going there's a Cobra I mean this
is number
yeah the flames can you imagine 11-year
old he's like I want flames right here I
don't want a man anything rock on rock
lawn and be brave that's probably he
took a lot of bravery to get through you
know this disease is very rare so and
then they don't know what the
significance of that is hang loose it
was true maybe he's Hawaiian yeah and
then it says rock on inside a Duke so
they designed these teaming up with Nike
and this hospital and this dude made
these shoes so tonight when you see me
on the streamys rocking these dope fresh
kicks shout-out to Kaden Lampert I love
these shoes they're so sweet
anyways okay so those are the shoes we
got to figure out what the shirt is I
think I got a design I'd pick a sock
this song with soft blue socks I got my
socks on alright last vote and then I'm
gonna go help me out internet white or
blue is Shay's outfit to the streamys
white or blue and then while you're
voting here are some sock options I kind
of like those are cool yeah I really
like check these up these are sweet I
want to show them your dress babe not
time yet
yeah all right white or blue blue blue
blue blue me I've seen a lot of Blues
white oh this is sometimes I hate asking
you guys cuz you make me more confused
what this is not helping maybe I'll just
go with what I like wait what blue white
what are you veering towards I think
with the blue shoes I like this darker
shirt yeah oh it is so it is set up well
thanks for joining us for this
on Brandon win this time in the light
die now don't you know I liked the blue
because the blue and the blue with the
shoe but then this is really good and
then the blue light owns the outfit down
a bit true I like that's a good that's
see I needed some sound reason that's
all I needed
alright we'll see you at the streamys
we're getting ready it's gonna be a
great time we're excited yeah it's gonna
be on vh1 on the TV I know a lot of you
don't know what that is it's the not
computer it's old school yeah it's the
not computer so get on you're not
computer and watch us on the streamys
and I think it starts it might be late I
don't know check your local listings if
you follow any youtubers at all on
Twitter your time line is going to be
spammed lack all mofo tonight so I'm
sure you'll see it so we'll see you
there
wave at us tweet us I'm sure I'll be
reading your tweets and so on and so
forth and so such do I get some of that
do I get foundation do you need some of
course
oddly okay we're gonna go okay guys
we'll see what the show yo go say hi
ladies oh that's a bi okay where's Emmy
I mean she has I just want to show a
little the not show you poke your head
out of the room but not your dress
Emmys getting ready for the show
Wow okay bye
job
you
