dude I itch my eye after putting the
jalapenos on the nachos no no touch
jalapenos you do not touch your eyeballs
or your testicles
main rule you touch a hot thing you'll
put on your eyes your balls oh my eyes
burnin hi even after I kind of washed it
capsaicin I think that's the active
ingredient in jalapenos that makes it
spicier I don't know cap look it up lol
opinion I think it's that a jalapeno and
the which is the chlorophyll chlorophyll
the capsaicin to burn your eyeball
when performing surgery did her foot
break Neely's this poor ballerina had to
feet break cuz she has very weak ankle
she needs to strengthen needs to run in
the sand that's what I did with my
ankles were weak I ran in the sand I
made my ankles a lot stronger making
nachos I was look I was the ebee family
on instagram they have Anu I think is
either a vine or I was just scrolling
through and they had nachos in their
Instagram and I wanted some and I said
that's that's made me want nachos more
than I've ever wanted nachos
nacho day yes love Sunday not joking not
all day that's okay not all all right
she'll get these nachos out yep oh you
snapped
oh I have an aura feel sense their
presence
Toby they are hello friends welcome to
our home we're making dinner and I am
decided I'm decided yep that's a word
I've decided to make a special
restaurant lime chicken I found the
recipe I don't really know if it's going
to turn out but it's something that Shay
and I love when we go to a certain
restaurant and so we're going to try to
make it see if it works out all right so
I've got my trusty helper here this will
be Gavin's first time man in the grill
very excited yes use the tongs and put
them on your nose and then put them on
the food okay yeah all right we've been
marinating this chicken in this teriyaki
blend and with seasonings and such now
we're going to grill it delicious oh
okay so set your timer or at least watch
your clock when you put them on you're
going to cook for 5 minutes on one side
and 5 minutes on the other side okay and
you're going to put them towards the
middle of the grill because those are
the only burners that I have on yeah
buddy yeah all of them cook them all
dude we want to eat all of them it
smells good man good I've got some
Spanish rice cooking and now I'm going
to mix up the Mexi way it goes on top of
the chicken spread over your fruit I
hope it's good it's how I'm not going to
be exactly like the restaurant but it's
gonna be yummy
all right what a blessed lunch this
looks like a tit I'm so excited I think
it's gonna be awesome
hey electronic device that can text your
email or PC one sorry
you sprecher
wait what was your statistic is a
statistic today um that people who hate
what their families are 40% less likely
to go to jail what about people that eat
their families a hundred percent like
jail time to think about that statistic
for you alright let's eat yeah rocks is
not funny which I agree bad humor right
before dinner mom I love you guys oh you
wrote a song do you do you want to tell
these guys okay we got a prince oh when
you start eating them
okay bye that's right are you ready all
right all right all right first bite cam
here what's up is it are we are we
battling Applebee's here oh she's a
she's a champion yeah I did see that
line squirt some lime on there Collette
was going for restaurant style margarita
chicken what's this called at Applebee's
fiesta lime chicken so we get everytime
limes
Jackson likes it get this guy married a
little bit
this guy is 40% less likely to go to
jail I'm very proud of him for that
good job back I wanna try that okay it's
time it's time to squeeze I know that's
my favorite part it's on a bed of like
crunchy tortilla chips I'm and you know
what I would do with my life afterwards
guys cuz I'm so fancy have so fun thing
Cheers
Oh
all right we just finished our Fiesta
lime chicken I wanna do some stuff at a
park going around on this grass dude
yeah this is a new complex and it's this
giant like Park feel doing a run okay
run
ready go yeah there's a lake we go
fishing hit me yeah that's that's pass
yeah look at this spot
alright here he goes he's going long ah
my bad looks like I'm gonna get a
paddleboard yeah I'm gonna wander that
stand-up paddleboarding and we moved
away from a body of water
here he goes abya hey what are you
saying up there in grandpa's shoulders
he's up there chatting up the storm
making comments about he just said
grandpa
he just said grandpa shear that no drop
on to get down McKenna juking and jiving
through the traffic grandpa that's the
first time I think that's one of his
first words that was a definite grandpa
why I heard there on the yellow brick
road
check out this amphitheater yeah let me
do a show what kV is up there someday
Oh co-starring all right there they are
forming on stage ladies I'm on the front
look he's 400 Gavin get movin a nation
showing out here I'll help ya come here
we got to get a wimp in a neigh-neigh
contest tutorial could see it I have a
feeling that this is a scene of the
future why won't you look really babies
everywhere let's see the tea dance can
you dance dance
let me see you it when I mean a nigga
alright we're on the stage here's the
stage if we were to jump off we would
fall down there it's pretty high but I
guess it's like a 13,000 people capacity
we should have we the Kings come play
there he is
my sunshine little sign there ahem
there's my daughter sunshine hold on bro
clicks loving your hair oh I do yes you
do right here I want to see the keep on
kid come over the hill hey watch for
cars you better run you're gonna get in
the sprinkler all right right nice
averting danger all right so the kids
couldn't let last they had to get in the
water let's see let's do a zoom in who's
in the most the Gavin will be shortly I
guarantee it there they are swimming in
the water
Avia how deep is it yeah brah might as
well you're gonna swim you better swim
whoo they're swimming now so look at
this Kevin standing up since about
shoulder deep rather now he's pretending
the link Ness monsters attack what do
you got oh you threw your Chi get him
good job saved amperes brock yeah the
shots are beautiful right now
Oh Dax it fell oh let me see that sure
Shay beard there you look strong tell me
there's so many muscles get so many
muscles huh yes you're strong what's
that we're on the beach attacks
Jackson's wandering out in the water
Brock went to save him hey go good job
he helped you Daxton ok let's see it
Tencent contest go the longest
yeah is that a via a via winds going
again Oh Gavin wins
Kevin wins and Stan contests go wow this
is pretty magical guys I'm just gonna
not lie to you this is pretty magical
right now okay he's already been out
there he's freezing but I can't wait so
: well you guys like the new swimming
pool huh we don't need an ocean do we
maybe next time we'll bring swimming
suits Gavin doesn't care that he just
strips down to turn around what is this
who is beating you oh it's football geez
grandma you see Kevin's process from
pathology when I swatch here almost the
tallest grandma is no balls Pam oh whoa
grandpa quit texting back there what are
you doing mister tweeting mr. social
media back there Oh
follow dad on Twitter yes I'm so tired
terrible people
you're a regular guy but you try
to be something
Oh shame
you
