Wow dress heaven
Wow you want to get that one that's
really nice it's like a little baby
wedding dress let's see oh my gosh death
look at my size
hello good no I guess that was easy I
guess we're done here we go here we go
Oh Oh picture on the outside attaboy
touchdown it is Saturday and Brock Hulk
smash and be careful oh my hat
you're lucky that's the only thing that
you got knocked out yeah oh don't hit be
nice hugs it was an accident he didn't
mean to give him a hug can you have a
hugs he didn't mean it
they're said ok was an accident he was
just spinning it around in a Hulk smash
rage and he hit the toast out of your
hands he's lucky hitting it didn't hit
your eye ball out of your school oh wow
that was me I didn't see it don't not an
eye for an eye that's not how we you
have forgiveness and grace and love in
this house and we also beat the hell out
of each other anyways it's Saturday
and I'm getting in trouble for the swear
jar we're going to football games and
frolicking around the follow ball James
I don't know
trying to write about stuff and banging
chinjung Gavin's played under the lights
tonight you ready my friend if we be
this team would put this on a really
good spot in our division dude you want
to be in a really good spot in your
division if you're playing
eleven-year-old football and you're at
night you're thinking about your life
you're like I hope we get a really good
part in our division then he gets to
play inside of the dome on the turf on
we're like the college plays if they
like do really well so tonight we're
going to do some football all right
let's go I'll probably other stuff I
just I always do that Afghan look well
goods go like move to the next lap I'm
turning the camera off now okay bye
my
sighs hard to define
alright here we are at the mall we are
techno we got a document this stuff oh
yeah alright today we are getting stuff
for the street what we're looking for
stuff for the streaming we are bringing
our sweet daughters with us to the
streamys but we're not going to look at
video k yeah we're here come on we we
let them lead so now now we're still
watching video games yes Wow dress
heaven Wow you want to get that one
that's really nice it's like a little
baby wedding dress let's see oh my gosh
dad look at me oh my sighs hello good oh
I guess that was easy I guess we're done
very nurses I want to see little
broccolis and this here dude hold that
up to your let me see pull that up to
you LM good hold it up to your neck like
that that fit you you don't know where
that one you look damn poor Dan you go
to the Diddy white party with that get
off the floor you scumbag getting dirty
he's peeling hood you wanna go to the
Diddy white party with that suit okay
rocks dancin yep this is definitely the
the song that this dance goes to for
sure oh that was a good spin row working
on that feet footwork
dude gonna be a defensive threat on the
court that's for sure
alright alright alright alright
Brock is dancing like a crazy man and we
are waiting for the girls that's a no
look at us that's us
ah nice flip Oh add accent is not being
cool look this is not a cool baby
it's bratty baby it's trying to escape
and run places he doesn't belong oh he's
stuck now where are you going nobody
hell I can't hold two of you oh that's
do at me that's too heavy that's really
heavy
that's to get but that's really burn
those thighs oh look at that big strong
football player coming in to save me
alright waiting for the ladies and me
and a via are trying on their Streamy
dresses connexin is dancing he learned
it from his brother teach him how to
dance
please whoa that was crazy dance move
here we are waiting
Kimmy Rana see Jackson's dancing yeah
Oh turn around it's pretty do you like
that one Oh grab Jackson do you like
that one I've put it lets out
you like that death are you ready Andy I
think you like it
alright lupus yeah red carpet-ready
yes ma'am hitting rock do you prove he's
a dancer face I like it I think you look
really good mom what do you think I get
bad yes do you like it Lou
spin around let's see give us a full
spin beautiful yeah life changes okay
babe look at me so do you think of Emmys
I love it alright they were finding
shoes yes yes shoes sashes I feel like
I'm one of the wicked stepsisters I'm
gonna rip off all these sashes demand
that they pay me back for buying them
their dresses if they ever be a wicked
stepsister that's what I'm trying to say
we did it
we bought the girls some dresses this
will be like the first big one this will
be the first big like princess dress-up
event for you girls are you excited yes
classic football night in America ladies
and gentlemen these boys are out here
they're ready to hustle they're ready to
play their hearts out they're ready to
win the hearts of the cheerleaders we
are on the track there's bleachers that
sun's gonna set momentarily which will
require us to turn the lights on making
the game that more exciting football
night under the lights
oh yeah ladies gentlemen it's time to
get pumped up cheer for 31 gavin ballers
on the field walking around kuhn amped
up look at him he's ready to hit
somebody
yeah power okay I'll stop
forgot him he's ready man he's dancing
he's ready oh yeah getting hit in the
head it's time to get aggressive let's
go
we got grandma grandpa here's porting
the Trix and he's gonna chill out for
your grandson hey-oh Cowboys go team you
guys exciting the lights are on Sun is
almost down there's just something about
having the lights on I guarantee you
those kids are looking up and seeing
those lights on right now and they're
getting pumped because they know the Sun
is gonna go down they're gonna feel like
big dudes playing on a big field on a
big stage in pain Bueller get a Bueller
hit somebody Bueller Bueller to you you
dad get it what's that from huh
Bueller's Day Off do your smart bad you
go
here we go here we go here oh so gavin
is playing guard right next to the
sentries 31 yeah all right I gotta go
help Colette bring all the other kids
she was still dressed shopping at the
mall and then now she's just pulling up
to the game
I brought Gavin to the game and she
finished shopping with the girls but
she's pulling up now come on let's go
help our guys how was the shopping spree
get the dress that you want huh what's
that so much cuteness how do you handle
all the cuteness all right come on
Gavin's playing he started come on
everybody unload and get your crocodiles
radical cheer for our brother he's
playing foosball go Kevin thank you are
you guys ready to cheer for your brother
Daxton come on get your crocodile that
cheering crocodile we got to bring that
to the football game you got your bag
good job quarterback
let's go quarterback boy that is
crocodile on this back snack pack
backpack got a snack backpack back all
right here we go here's the field
what no Korean snack pack and a caring
you're crap you're a big girl get out of
here what are you doing come on look at
that little dude look a little dude who
carry this stuff headed to the football
game got his snack pack ahead of me
what's that scary looking son come here
hey don't get me all right all right all
right we just scored
our chicken yeah look what oh it looked
good from here jerk those kiddin there's
Gavin number 31 smokey fun Gavin's out
on defense now you know defense Gavin
make a tackle there is number 31 gonna
make a tackle excuse me what are you
doing down there huh are you climbing up
the bleachers knee go potty
just yeah just go be back just go be
back there just go be right there yeah
yeah nobody's looking
alright Gavin's on defense now Dee line
let's grandma grandpa to the party mom
down there the front row
that's my mother lousy guys we're losing
right now it's 21 to 6 I think a you
want to go out there I wish they would
give me some cash I could go out there
run the ball 48 options swing this guy
could block for me just gotta open up a
giant hole plow right through the hole
touchdown you were talking about my head
he's my blocker he's my son my outside
linebacker a calm beefiest top beefy
tank matang Kherson that's his name
that's yours its name is a key with my
neighbors it wiII be taken for Tang
Kherson dad won Italia be romantic you
named your woman's it's da he can make
up for no change diaper I just call you
beautiful you're beautiful you don't
have a big fat sit on your champion it's
so rude he's so rude
come on cowboy
go go go go go go go go go
all right there's Gavin 31 right next to
center we got a score we're moving down
here we go
forget the baby there's a baby on the
field he likes to do that do this final
chasing ma'am get your baby off the
field while T stinky your baby pick a
field check this out it's football night
in America look at the sun's setting
smell the freedom let it ring the
Cowboys are about to score no better
reason to cheer let's go Cowboys boys
you did here we go
we need this bad whistle Hemi Brock
these guys are playing catch chase over
here there's a via playing out in the
grass on a summer night there's the
there's the Hells Angels running through
town like usual there's Donnie he's in
charge of the gang Brock's about to beat
up his big sister babe about to score
yeah here we go
at the ground
that's all drawn Donald Trump walks
upstairs click let get a muffin vlogging
oh crap no you cannot win the field come
here see you dance dance for me dance
caught him watch him dance dance taxon
even though I don't want to look like
the bad parent I really want ducks and
run on the field and I won't collect I
have to chase him because I just think
it would be great footage
he's such a brat oh geez
send in reinforcements - hey brat uh
there it is mom's getting her
cheerleading dance moves on dad
can't judge Oh can't catch this Oh Brock
push it in uh wow we're losing it's 39
to 14 but we're trying to score again
right here
let's go Cowboys oh did you catch it
here's Gavin come on my cowboy I was a
good cheerleader voice babe I got that
was serious cheerleader voice that's
what I'm talking about
our practice here we go here we go Oh Oh
picture on the outside attaboy touchdown
all right
we've met some more points
Gavin's going in on defense trying to
stop him last couple minutes let's go
defense
nice stopgap and Gavin plug the hole hit
him Gavin hit him yeah call like you're
shaking the camera all right let's go
Gavin let's go get a hit
Gavin's noseguard hoping to get a tackle
they might try to run it up the middle
dang it Goll dang it darn it we ended up
losing but it's okay because it's a game
it's fun that's why we invented it we're
just a bunch of people hanging around
we're kind of bored and we're like let's
make a game so we can do something when
we're bored and then we'll wear helmets
and get this ball and if you get it
across this line you get a point
oh no you get six points we'll call it
football and we'll steal that name from
the dudes that we left the English guys
to play football with your feet no we'll
put it in our hands and we'll still call
football
suckers anyways uh thanks for watching
hope you guys had a great weekend this
was a little snippet of ours you click
on that previous vlog it's probably one
of the very best che tard rewind videos
if you guys are just new to our family
we've been making videos almost every
single day for six years and every
Saturday we have these really cool
videos called sheiter tree wine videos
and we do like these little clips from
the last six years and you can like
literally watch the kids grow up in
front of your very eyes it's awesome so
click on the screen for that if you're
feeling lucky uh probably a podcast we
have a kid's podcast called when the
kids go to sleep you can click on that
feelin lucky button it'll take you to
there please subscribe to this channel
it's free the only thing the
subscription does is it lets you know
when we upload our newest video so hit
the subscribe button and if you want to
actually watch a full day of our lives
from the last six years you can click on
one of those numbers like if you're like
I wonder what this family was doing
exactly on this day four years ago see
that number four right there with little
broccolis you can click on that and go
watch what we were doing exactly on this
day six years ago what was I doing six
years ago I'm gonna click on or go watch
it you guys know how an end slate works
this is for the new people okay love you
I'll see you tomorrow bye
