hi login here okay okay we're starting
late but you got to start somewhere
oh my gosh it is 5:00 p.m. and we have
not vlogged at all and a lot has
happened first of all the Queen if the
castle has arrived Cole I've come here
I'd show your beautiful bags I wanna see
your view phase where do I welcome home
hi we're home
the family is home I said we're home
we're home the family is home I said
we're home we're home the family is home
I said went home home home the family is
home that's inch or something I don't
know Dax is taking a bath I'm taking
Gavin to football practice all while
loving you forever to give her if what
if what what what when you come back
we'll give you a kitty with it it
wouldn't look anyone any work wiggity
whack sticks salsa salsa salsa salsa
salsa salsa salsa salsa salsa salsa
salsa salsa salsa salsa salsa salsa
salsa salsa salsa salsa song no I wanna
get I wanna get yourself that's sound
like you sing that yes I'm talking about
I'm taking Gavin to football practice I
got all kinds of kids and all kinds of
chores and I'm gonna be a taxi driver
are you coming with me no you're staying
here you're staying here I'm taking her
you him them let's go football pads
come on this trains going no we gotta
ride folks everybody in the van us to
Bertha goal soccer practice I think are
you just coming for the ride
football practice soccer to engage
soccer time the vaulty I'll see you
later
she's got dry-lip practice today
Shaytards vlog is brought to you by
nature box the delicious healthy snack
company it ships them right to your door
thanks nature box alright so we're
cooking dinner and this is no shakin
I've never told them that and no shakin
thing
who knows what no shaking is have we
told them it's like this little thing
that me and Colette have that means like
you can't lie whoever will tell you the
story anyways the times that I use
naturebox them up is right now when I'm
waiting for dinner to be cooked and I'm
starving and cold that's like it's gonna
be 30 more minutes and I'm like hungry
now it's always naturebox alright what
are you in it what our unit pick rock
still and stuff mom's eating stuff I
love just to see the variety oh let me
see that what came in will let me see it
was a pin we're back down keep calm and
nom nom Oh back to school so they got
some stickers so naturebox
this is what it is I almost straight
forward and easy delicious healthy
nutritionist approved doesn't say
nutritious snacks delivered right to
your door it's like imagine going to the
grocery store without ever having to
leave your couch watermelon mini stars
whole-wheat chocolate chip cookie bites
open those I don't know if we've ever
had those before what is that
let's see alright Brock eat it let's see
is it kid-approved huh what are those
what is this do you like it do you like
it
this is probiotic wait a minute what is
this oh that's cool you put it on there
probiotic power mix it's like you like
that Brock alright
keep eating little probiotic power
bricks secret diary nature box oh it's
back-to-school season that's why they
gave that to you back school season you
know what that means it's time to get
back to reality
anyways ok naturebox so what oh that's
what those are Oh
do I want the double berry poured those
cookies go I've never seen these before
a chocolate chip cookie bites right
snack time
new favorite I might like those better
than the pineapple this allows they are
just cookies yeah we all kinds of
cookies
yummy
now dinner's made we can put the
naturebox away until it's almost time
for dinner next time Gavin's home from
football practice Gavin how does nature
box work I'm gonna ask you right now I
don't know what you're gonna say I'm
yeah I want to see if you understand
like to explain to me what you think
nature box is um a society where you can
get healthy snacks is good uh pick up
your snacks ah and but if you make buck
slash a curl or Shh eyes I'm not
retarded Shaytards naturebox complex get
your first Fox free nah I dude shut up
that's not gonna nobody's gonna believe
it
like that's really the promo yeah I
can't believe you actually knew that
tell them
did I say tell you what to say no
actually no I just got here no just read
your ID you asked me so and I just
turned the camera on and said what do
you know about nature bucks right yeah I
always wonder that people are gonna like
wait for you guys to grow up to like ask
what life was really like when the
cameras were off don't you think I think
people are interested to know that
what's life like when the cameras are
off what's it like what's it like when
the cameras are off at the Shaytards
house we're doing a skip we usually talk
about first know about in the vlogs like
we're just like living here and the
cameras aren't on or are we actually an
act a family of actors
sometimes on my well sometimes we get
out of buying the camera are we a family
of actors are we really a family
avian so wait how do you get naturebox
snacks how do you get them the vitamin
stores
Avia answer ok so you go online is
basically going to like a store but you
don't you could just get a set s then
probably one day letter especially when
you can't drive don't have your permit
for your driver's license up but hey
wait should kid just be ordering
naturebox off the internet no what if
their parents don't say they can if they
have a debit card and a VI o collect
give them the kids don't buy stuff on
the internet without your parent's
approval the salsa has gone to her head
ladies and gentlemen
anyways good talking to the oldest of
the Shaytards naturebox calm
get up what is it what is it what do we
get a free truck free bot naturebox taco
sauce well you get a free box your first
box if it's your first box you get first
one for free and then you can like order
there's over 100 snacks they always
change they have like new snacks there's
always new snacks you flip your hair one
more time flick your nose all right love
you guys
and then like where there's snacks did
you color all these let me see this
alright is this are these all your
designs bra
oh that's really cute that's mom and
that's dad oh is that my beard you
nailed it
not your right mom is a giant
curly-haired freak that throws that in
the air at rainbows and it's shirt
frankly it's starting to piss me off and
I'm not gonna put up with any more Oh
short vlog you know what that means
we're gonna be chatting here in the end
slate for a while so sit down and get
comfortable we're to be talking for the
next five minutes because I know if you
come here today and you see that it's
only a ten minute video you're gonna be
mad already that's already what you're
thinking you're like oh man this is only
a ten minute video I'm angry I bet you a
shade lazy so we're gonna talk for a
long time now just can um did you see
yesterday's video I felt embarrassed
about the end slate I didn't I don't
want to tweet that you know like I cried
into this video because I think a lot of
people think it was like fake like I'm
like trying to manufacture some emotion
anyways no I just did I really felt
emotional for some reason and I told
Colet like yesterday I was embarrassed
because some people like shut up Shay
it's just a sunset and I did feel
vulnerable for crying in the in slate
but then I thought you know in a week
from now when nobody is talking about me
crying in that end slate I will want to
have remembered that day just like that
you know it was it was so magical like
that Sun the clouds I know is just a a
sunset but you got her like man what do
you live for man like you got to be
excited about something or everything
just sucks right you know anybody like
that we're like just nothing is cool cuz
everything sucks to them man you're like
a wet towel to hang around with what are
we talking about oh yeah you're getting
me a side track we're talking about this
long in Slate anyways thanks for
watching the Shaytards
we have over 2500 reruns you can go
watch a lot of Shaytards click on
yesterday's vlog if you want to see why
I was crying in the in slate click on
the feelin lucky button to see our new
podcast with Daxton it's a parenting
podcast we tried to pair it with our son
during our parenting podcast
I think it worked I think it came across
well and if you want to shoot the
the whoops what I say if you want
to see what the Shaytards have doing
death you know click on a button I can't
say words alright this is not going to
be a five minutes late I'm gonna leave
goodbye we'll see you tomorrow they'll
be a Shaytards rewind and then we'll be
back on Monday okay give me kids have a
great weekend what don't look the video
yo thank you and bye naturebox it is
good i know you guys are annoyed with
the naturebox brand ales but we don't do
very many of them on the Shaytards we
could be doing dude we could be doing
five brand deals a day you kidding me
nobody brands are hitting me up asking
me to talk about their brands and our
videos no I say I will only do one brand
at a time I like naturebox so this is a
naturebox brand deal video so don't get
mad about it and if you're still
listening at this point at this late in
the edge slate there's no reason you
should be mad because you stayed this
long into the video okay I see you
sometime soon follow me at Twitter to
Facebook in double tap into grabs double
tap tap dope dope dope dope okay bye I'm
leaving bye
