smile every moment we have and I keep
harping on it but I'm telling you start
enjoying your f wordy life right now you
could die today what does it take man
people are dying all around us we die
that's what happens to this body these
bodies that we have their mortal they
don't last I know it's sad Daxton can
you enjoy every second every second you
have in this flesh and bone on this ball
breathe the air look at the people
around you in the eyes pause take it all
in secret get away secret get away
secret romantic getaway with him get
away
romantic getaway root beer get away with
baby um we're losing light let's go
let's go let's go there's a fantastic
blessed wonderful evening
there was a dead body over there let me
show you it's not weird well here we are
but unfortunately I'm not going to zoom
in but a man passed away right over
there hey should I put that in the vlog
the dead body part it really happened
people really died
I won't sumit on the body dachshunds we
did say a prayer anyways we're here on
the beach honey let's go I can't vlog
you guys I got to go we're going to swim
it on the beach we only have a few hours
of life we all die
that's why to remind her to enjoy right
now but literally there was a man who
passed away right there he was sleeping
under a tree and the cops have been
asking we first checked into the hotel
we're like why are these cops here
started asking questions come to find
out some that some guy had just passed
away on the sand so then all of a sudden
they crime scene photographer with the
giant cameras that are taking pictures
they have crime scene tape up it's crazy
like a guy passed what it's anyway so
I'm gonna go out and enjoy this moment
dachshund stop crying we're trying to
enjoy the moment look at me
pucker up happy baby hey pretty Co
anyways the ordered room service we're
blessed what are you laughing at
Hey look at me I'll go to the beach
let's go to the beach look at this
I will enjoy every moment of this
evening my beautiful boy my beautiful
it's so pretty all right honey you ready
let's go it's me what is the light what
do you think Jackson huh we're blessed
my friends what do you see out there see
that's a pool yeah that's a pretty good
pool it's a nice pool they have at this
hotel ready to go to the pool let's go
I love you all right to the beach
who's ready we're just walking straight
down come on let's go the beach give me
clothes come on gar Mickey no shoes or
peach let's go let's go dub on the beach
it's very well it's beautiful evening
head it down let's go swimming in the
swimming pool
all right come on hurry the Sun setting
let's go towards the sunset look you
know it's a golden hour when dudes are
out taking pictures hi forensics yeah no
there's a dead body too
yeah and a pretty sunset be optimistic
about it
hey guys taking pictures of a forensic
yeah no there is a man who passed away
today but listen I hope that when I die
it is as pretty as it is right now I
exactly if I died today I would want
people to enjoy every last bit of this
of this of this one goes out one comes
in one eternal round of a family on
earth it's it's sad but you got to enjoy
every second every second of your life
hey beautiful it is beautiful out here
it is lately I had this moment the other
night down at the Washington Memorial
with my good friends and family Logan
and karlie Charles Trippy hold on we got
a vlog this it's just these magical
golden hour moments where I just like
you know what I'm talking about you have
to experience it to know what I'm
talking about it's like there's a for a
few minutes and the golden hour right as
the Sun is setting you feel like you're
in a giant open perfect room and I
happen the other night when I was with
everything is perfect everything is
exactly how it's supposed to be
yeah love it enjoy these moments get
outside look at the clouds he just said
yes sir Hunt accident he knows the truth
tell him say enjoy every second you got
smile at the ocean smile at the Setting
Sun poke your dad in the ear wow that
was deep bro he touched my you want to
knuckle deep in my low bro smile every
moment we have I know I keep harping on
it but I'm telling you start enjoying
your f wording life right now you could
die today what does it take man people
are dying all around us we die that's
what happens to this body these bodies
that we have their mortal they don't
last I know it's sad Daxton to enjoy
every second every second you have in
this flesh and bone on this ball breathe
the air look at the people around you in
the eyes pause
take it all in that one I get to kiss
that one I like kissing that one anyways
I fly home tomorrow
to the other four kids and then she
comes home a day or two after me
shooting a maker come on we'll hurry you
know get left behind
hey wait for me come on let's run I want
to run oh my go to the Rings so much to
do so too little time only so little of
a Golden Hour
yes ma'am I do as I'm told
look at that look at the piers out
everywhere you look it's almost perfect
we got to head over to the Rings next
maybe we should go take a ride on the
ferris wheel babe
want to take a fire ride on the ferris
wheel think about the day you die going
to Tony talk about this more I think
there should be more forums for talking
about this problem that we have called
death what do you want it to be like on
the day that you die weather-wise
I want it to be snowing maybe
what do you want the weather to be like
on the day you die do you care do you
have an opinion going to be rainy you
want to be sunny you want to be a giant
lizard you want to be do you care
have you thought about it you want to
think about it does it matter yeah maybe
I have to be a day just like this that
is a title of a movie today is a good
day to die
there's any day a good day to die really
will I leave any of this in the video I
think so not be afraid of it I think
that brings hope come on I got to put my
toes in the water I can't believe I've
wasted so much death talk and yet
haven't been putting my toes in the
water
I can't turn the camera off ain't gonna
you can't make me
it's too nice
it is too perfect out Wow hello seagull
waters too deep that's too deep
enjoy it right there
it smells and feels just about perfect
just for reference for you guys for all
of you that aren't actually physically
here right now
Hey Dude unit oops water you're pretty
brave
oh not so much bless Colette's heart
she's buying my flight home tomorrow
Hey look that girl she's getting in my
wallet hey get my wallet you spending my
money spending my money
what's better my money woman
Oh away Oh
she doesn't like a nice cold you guys
are so cute and then he goes hi salty
you sake sake oh my goodness I can't get
over it can't get over how beautiful
show us your best Baywatch babe yeah
that was cool
you
all right we're we got ringing rookies
over here just a ring he does such a
monkey you Tarzan watch daddy's gonna do
it
come here come by mommy whoa whoa he's
going so high
how does it feel you're so good it's
like lighter on the camera he's hooked
honey from the beach well it was a
beautiful evening on the beach
unfortunately that poor guys still
laying there I guess they're still doing
investigating the cops are still here I
don't want to zoom in too close but they
have like a real investigation squad
going on now but this is still going on
it's so magical tonight there's just
something about this evening that's
pretty special oh it just feels so
magical out people are in good spirits
walking their dogs chatting you know
sometimes I think death brings a
realization of life all these people see
this and all sudden they think wait
maybe I could die maybe that could be me
laying in the sand one day maybe it
makes them just enjoy how pretty this is
just a little bit more which makes the
death not so bad if all of these people
can appreciate that just a little bit
more
maybe that's a worthy cause to go out on
such a pretty night well that's just one
guy's idea anyways what do you think
leave it in the comments hey what do you
know Emily all here waxing poetic and
you're scarfing down salmon Oh My
heavens get some get some clothes on all
right should we start living our life
today and having the best life we can or
should we wait till tomorrow
let's see hmm oh no that's right on yes
that was on yes it was definitely a yes
right there today
live yes live for today bath time bath
day are important baby it's a nice bath
cool back legs are out the wrong number
gonna show my bedroom dude I'm not gonna
lie to you guys it's a pretty sweet spot
pretty sweet spot one bedroom apartment
kind of thing we ran it just for one
night
just cuz daddy's in town while mom's
shooting the moms view and I'm flying
home to the kids tomorrow so a little
treat date night it's fun we're liking
it and wouldn't you know it as fate
would have it that magical day I got to
see the Sun come up I just realized that
I just realized that as I'm looking at
this picture I might fly left at 7:00
a.m. so I had to catch an uber at 6:00
a.m. which means that I got to watch the
sunset and then I was there for when he
came around show becoming around the
rotation of the earth and the Sun came
up and I rode that over to LAX and flew
home to my other babies and then I
texted Colette on the plane I said I
wish I could have slept in that giant
king-sized bed with you this morning and
ordered room service and went running on
the beach but I'm glad to be going home
to our kids so I said send me pictures
and she did of little Daxton she said
that he was sad when he woke up when I
wasn't there but he got over it when he
had a giant plate of eggs and bacon the
kind of stuffing him in his face and
then they just enjoyed a beautiful
sunrise right there on Venice Beach and
it was a brand-new day and the beach was
clean because in the middle of the night
they took that man's body away but it
was a new day geez
that was unexpected but his spirit will
live forever in this video because
something was magical about that sure
anyways holy crap and crying what the
hell I just slapped myself I really did
ouch I were at the end slate what's
going on where's the inflate someway
point me in the direction of an end
slate what's this pin the tail on the
end slate click on a button there if you
wouldn't mind and maybe we'll see you
tomorrow I really got emotional that was
weird I'm not gonna leave that in that
seems weird okay maybe I will
Oh Oh bad
