you're the son in booth faces about one
we wanna thank you no matter our child
you're the
hey guys it is a cold Labor Day weekend
and we're doing her family campout and
the little flustered we had to leave
this morning Gavin had a game and then
what are you doing
I know he wound the zipline by himself
and I missed it okay are you are you
ready to do it again okay these are the
times I really wish they were here but
he is killing it in DC yeah show them
the footage a situation
like that like pero tu che we miss you
the game was really good Gavin won while
their team won and he got a really good
stat back to the quarterback I'm excited
and I'm all bundled up cool okay so did
you like your game yeah you did a really
good job were you nervous at first when
you guys were behind then did you feel
anxious was the coach mad no you it was
close you were like 13 14 you guys
learned 13 and then finally our running
back she got the ball
you got touchdown yeah after that yeah
you did Hulk smash
Gavin smashed him
landing in Los Angeles and start today
in Los Angeles Bronco is gonna be brave
he's gonna go on the zip line by himself
I I will take a picture of you did your
do yourself - okay let's see it
oh yeah we have to have the thing to sit
on first
all right run okay Brock do not let go
hold on tight cross your legs cross your
legs there you go hold on tight
nice Bronco so brave I'm so proud of you
now run it back
hey dude you like doing that zipline
yeah you're so brave
do you hate tell me come here come here
come here do you get little butterflies
in your stomach when you do that does it
make you nervous at all does your butt
shake when you do that yeah
it doesn't wow I wish I was like you
this is my first time ever trying to
hockey oh that could have been me but
I'm vlogging what okay let's try to get
these guys doing it believe it or not
I've never tried hacky sack even before
that is a hacky sacking Oh
yeah
you miss daddy yeah I love you dad love
you dad
what else would you like to tell that
about today's events when I tell them
what you did by yourself
I go down the zipline all by myself I
know you did too
there's a big big big kids now good job
buddy yep
no he did not go on the zipline
I was not ready for that high five high
good yeah that's my mom's heart she's
gonna watch the kids for a few days I'll
collect comes to Los Angeles and we hang
out and make out
so usually any time I land in a city I
take an uber which is an app that you
can download and you basically just push
a button on your phone it uses your GPS
location sends a nice gentleman a
message who comes and picks you up in a
Lincoln Town Car and it's great because
they have water and gum and you feel
fancy but I found at LAX it's better to
take the taxi home
because they don't let the ubers pull in
here they have to like be in a holding
station out there by the time the uber
gets here it's like forever
little travel tip you come to LAX get a
taxi out of here in seven uber can I
come with you let's do it sir appreciate
hey
day together before
kids are really excited
great
hey did you know they they actually have
missile silos in these things the
government hides missiles in these LAX
everything's there just for looks but
there's actually missiles and us is that
true it is good because I just made it
up and I wanted a corroborating story so
I appreciate it
it is Sun Shannon in palm tree and in
California half owner I thought
California so hey come here come here
come talk to us come speak words into
our ears hold on focus watch your f-word
language I love you back in each other's
arms again um I swore in a tweet today
and I just said that sometimes I say
primary things tell them I'm a good
person
wait oh you're not that I'm a good
person where did you I did say the SH I
said as a traitor
are you just gonna tweet it I said it I
don't miss that I thought it was funny I
was giddy and loopy because I didn't
sleep on the airplane and I flew from DC
to Los Angeles to rendezvous with my
boom this she is just a girl I love
and where's Destin sleeping it'll see
taxi dogs so we're gonna go get
cheeseburgers and she promised bacon and
other french fries with ketchup and this
little man hopefully he will wake up and
we'll go get some french fries raise
your hand
hey Bobby wanna go get some hamburgers
that sounds fun it's just mom dad a
little baby boy mom dad dad dad a little
baby boy
don't do first hey pumpkin gonna go get
hamburgers tax paid well away come up
and I think Carly and Kaylee might be
coming here tonight we have which sucks
cuz I just want to make out the whole
time
like my sister my sister-in-law coming
over and kind of ruins the mood when
your sister and your sister in lockable
we want to make out with your wife
it's just that are they here no that
would be so funny it was how long yes
let me investigate yeah that was the
hardest level of her her job there's a
hearty it was a double bacon
cheeseburger type live it was like onion
rings stacked on the second tier of beef
with bacon crisscross applesauce across
the bun yeah I'm not gonna tell him I
farted really loud and she goes oh
biggest deepest belly laugh I've ever
heard because I flagellated I apologize
I'm a disgusting individual yes we're
gonna go out have a great time and we're
gonna just be happy and stuff I've
missed the other kids though I still
love them good I feel like sad that
they're gone but at the same time they
get to be with Grandma great and they're
pumped about it are they really you sure
left a camera
do you think grandma gray would have
logged she probably would know this I'm
headed home tomorrow we're just having
like a 1 like hey haven't seen you in a
while I'm on my way home so grandma
great it's watching the kids tonight for
us my grandma my my grandma my mom's mom
is watching the kids and my mom and dad
are helping out too
anyways we here I didn't vlog much today
or together yeah you did oh we pray to
show that footage because it was earlier
on in the day we want to go with
timeline here so you guys come with us
to dinner cake come on what's that over
you guys still be a good long vlog we
can sell good long vlog she still would
you go grow up let's go
I almost sat on the baby's head that was
a close one
I almost sat on his head that was
seriously close what do you watch it
over there blondie you watching Shh are
dogs huh that's what's so interesting I
feel like that's why I like even kids
any kids these days think about it you
can immediately see your facial reaction
after you make it so you smile for a
picture and then you all you see that
picture immediately after and you
remember the facial expression you need
honesty courtesy back in the day it took
like months to get the film developed so
you wouldn't see your facial expression
for like months later then you would
forget what it felt like to make that
facial expression but now you see the
picture immediately after making the
facial expression and you'll correlate
that facial expression with the feeling
that you made when you saw the picture
and so then you're a better actor and
you can do better facial expressions is
that true your beautiful sister car cars
hair
good timing yeah travel tips with Carly
Stiles travel tips with hey Kaylee
Colette Butler the baby travel tips with
the moms
to travel tips with : Haley drug your
babies can you drug that baby a little
more drug him take him in the back and
drug that baby this is not honey
curly stop we're getting cheesecake or
the Cheesecake Factory that's the drug
Factory I got a I got a Snickers and
traditional you down velvet mm-hmm
they have so many options it's hard to
decide which one I'm gonna Nam on when
I'm on on the nomina Mahna Mahna Mahna
Mahna Mahna Mahna Mahna Mahna Mahna okay
bye love you
I'll be here waiting for the cheesecake
Oh curly my drone business get out of
here loser judge me I'm gonna go for a
beach run tomorrow I don't care what you
think about my life is my life what did
ever want with it
dang it that is not me I must scumbag
look at that I dropped it on the yeah
sorry yo aunty sorry
bacon
let every miles you're happy you know it
just
