okey dokey okey dokey let's put my
sunglasses on so I look like a cool guy
guys like to look like cool guys alright
check out our luggage
this pile represents me and my buddy
Derek's personal items backpacks oh you
have to dude yours I must say I'm doing
better than you I come prepared well you
have a backpack and this duffel bag
stuff that you need all I have is this
dude this small pack that makes me a
better person because I pack less so
happy that because this is for
mannequins weird it's a little creepy
there's four naked bodies in there and
some tricks and swimming suits and the
knees are full of tricks and hats and
tank tops and just stuff for the booth
so we got a lot of gear to pack you
ready yeah we're rolling I've never been
to the nation's capital you guys go do
football there can you hit me I'm gonna
go along football one more time just try
it short here we go
and I was gonna see all right we're
leaving yeah I got two suitcases full of
tricks and gear
dude it is a beautiful day look at those
clouds you're looking handsome Derek
Miller with those four bodies at the
back of those giant flying duffel bags
hey you guys you gotta remind me to show
you when we get to DC the wallets we
packed the wallets in here and they look
good they're wrapped up like I'll show
you when we get to DC it's funny okay go
check in another time through the
airport security system we made it all
right here we go let's go
the very first stop in the airports I
forgot the batteries charged so I'm
buying one hopefully it's like an
all-purpose let's see if it works
Derek you want anything headphones too
good with that that's all what is that
that's $400 matte black finish 380 no
song is that good well that's not true I
can never hear music again unless I paid
$400 headphones I'd buy that high rate
robbery take my money
well morning it's a scary one see it's
scary
yes I do
and I want to go somewhere George
Washington you get it
and rested
well I don't watch Abraham Lincoln
okay okay here we are we're in DC I have
never in my entire life been in this
Airport
I hope all our luggage got here it is we
have four huge bags
it's 12:30 at night I'm not going to get
to our room till 1:00 a.m. or so so
let's see if we got our luggage car sure
fingers good news good news good news we
got two of the bags two of the bags come
on big money big money big money trace
now I just need our bodies our four
bodies so nice our mannequin duffel bag
made it we got four mannequins in there
two dudes to group they don't have any
heads or arms though it's very sad
all right let's do this okay so the
Marriot we go we're gonna download uber
first we got a new phone alright here we
did it we did it
don't roll your ankle bro do it it's
like humid feel sweaty or hit in the
back there's no room there it is Abraham
Lincoln's in there I'm gonna go meet him
or talk about our beards look at that
there's the obelisk on the sky is really
cool here in DC excited it's why they
build that just cuz they could you know
the story behind it what this yeah that
giant obelisk there I should know our
nation's history better I don't I just
think that's a giant cement pointy thing
in the ground is there any more meaning
to it than that
I assume they're hit I'm such an idiot
oh yeah well you could tell my education
you never know the years you learned
that I think I was more interested in in
pretty girls
do you like pretty girls I like pretty
girls one in particular she's my wife
are you married sir yes good for you
cleave unto her love her cherish her
serve her or else I'll kick ya so right
now I like to threaten the uber driver
anyways there's Washington DC here we
are it's looking gorgeous okay you guys
look I got a little deal information
this is the new Martin Luther King jr.
monument so that's cool
that's right where he spoke over there
and that's right where Forrest Gump
found Jenny remember Jenny and he ran
across the water it's in the movie
what's this one here office buildings
hey do you know how to get into the
White House let's go talk to Obama I bet
you the Security's pretty tight though
didn't think about that dang it
headed to the hotel going to the
Marriott man look at the moon thanks for
welcoming us DC with your moon and your
pretty lights and your cool city and
architecture and wow you even painted
lines on the road for us though
thoughtful here we are do the huh
this guy's helping us with all of our
jeez don't tell them that we have four
bodies in there sir listen there are
four bodies in there they don't have
heads or arms which makes us less guilty
I think the jury will take that into
consideration
we gave the heads and arms to the family
this is where they're mannequins sir I'm
sorry made it made it made it made it to
the playlist live weekly with you all
right so here's our we bought five kilos
of cocaine who wants the first kilo
natural Tyler dreads drug yeah so we got
a bunch of wallets and then here's our
dead bodies I was telling these guys
when me and Derek are at the tricks
warehouse packing it's like we're
packing kilos of coke and dead bodies in
these like stuff and things because we
put all the mannequins in here they were
like stuff and shirts and swimming suits
on the side anyways here she just set
this up oh why don't forget the girl one
Oh Derek I have a married man there
that's better look at those ABS anyways
all right we're here we got gear we got
dudes we got Dejan when you got flannel
playlist has begun hello good morning
it's a beautiful day out there and
speaking of a beautiful day haha here's
a beautiful day hard linen our head down
to the expo hall we have a booth ladies
and gentlemen we are in Washington DC
we're headed right now to go to the
booth it opens in ten minutes so we're
about to meet everybody who's here at
brother's our big 30-foot banner on
there
all right it has begun check it out
trypsin you guys like the food doesn't
look good we're selling a bunch of
tricks and wallets too alright we've
been here for a few hours these guys
requested to be in the vlog so I said
sure why not
I just kidding no these guys say hi you
wanna say hi to anybody just say hi to
yourselves in the future viewings
this guy wants to say hi everybody's
here we're having a good time we're
doing a live stream they love you I hit
my head on that TV it's great dude look
we have a social stream of all the
people tweeting us alright this guy
wanted to be in the vlog give me five
punters pretty cool that's the
international sign for give me a high
five
Hunter are you guys brothers friends you
guys are cool dudes that's all I know
let's see you have a channel no you just
want to be on the vlog
alright you guys let me on the vlog too
hi guys you looking cool I like that
gear looking cool there's the cool dude
right there look at all these cool dude
you guys are awesome tariff rights on
stage she got to had there's hats
there's waves
sweaters Logan has a goatee I'm
impressed by this goat cheese let's see
this
I got a so on the airplane I stopped we
need to do these whoo that's sweet all
right we're here at the booth Charles is
here pasty tier Danny is here
it's my strap I'm a tourist my leather
strap it's day two at playlist live Lake
and silver working at the computer and
we're live-streaming on six different
channels we have this social media board
where lots of crazy fun things are
happening look at strawberry 17 she
freaked out with Charles dad to be on
stage that's a great moment look I'm
having a good time they're having a real
good time anyways this girl wanted to be
on the vlog what's up hello hello hello
focus hold on guys be patient me there
we go howdy you were on the vlog and
playlist live oh there he is
no let go Neal another booth down next
one we're getting good at this too we're
gonna be in Orlando for playlist live in
April I heard there's gonna be a lot of
people there so if you miss this one
will be a playlist Orlando in April so
come see us Casey get in the box
get in that's how you're getting home I
didn't tell you this yet sorry we didn't
buy you a flight Blake you have to get
in there too Danny where's the tape are
you claustrophobic
Derek can you help on claustrophobe
aside already Carly has the tape dog Bo
push her over Derek
quit grabbing her but you weirdo
alright the mannequins that's a wrap
that was a quick pause with 48 hours
Carly have fun well familiar up here
from playlist
Tyler Sam day hung here Adam give me a
recap
it was the forever balloon for every
balloon and then apparently the DJ had
it the other night he like um the dude
he said look it we recognize this
balloon the DJ was like kid in the air
and stuff yeah yeah it's a famous
balloon it's the most famous boy what's
going over here I'm headed home to my
babies with my lovely ladies yo yo yo
that was quick umm here's the problem I
left my camera at the booth like when I
was hanging out but go watch Charles
Trippy x'v vlog he got some great
footage of tackling me on stage of me
climbing up some buildings in downtown
DC can I get in trouble for that hmm I
did not climb on Abraham Lincoln's lap I
didn't have time go look at my friend
Derek Miller's Instagram post he just
put up of him in front of the Lincoln
Memorial and I'm jealous and mad at him
but Derek missed his flight I'm going
back this morning
hi Derek I'm sorry you're still in DC I
just dunno miho mean and funny that is
at the same time anyways he went down to
the memorial and got a picture because
he had like a four-hour thing cuz he's
done anyways so we had a blast in DC
we'll be back next year I'm gonna bring
Colette next year because I want to see
that city it's gorgeous so cool so much
history but I'm really quite embarrassed
about not knowing why the Washington
Memorial is there so my bad I will do
some research and not be dumb okay I
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
Colette's coming to LA I'm in Los
Angeles right now
and you'll see a video tomorrow of me
coming here and meeting my wife and
kissing her on her face
okey doke I'll see you then I'm gonna
hit the stop button and export this and
upload it to YouTube so you can watch it
you're watching it already so I did all
that stuff that I just talked about okay
bye
