ladies and gentlemen please I must beg
of you do not I repeat do not try this
at home
are you ready really cool
for we are trained professionals I'll
freakin film and I'll put on the
internet for the entire world to see I'd
you like that wait I already do that I'm
pushing you hi
I repeat we are trained professionals is
it 2012 oh never mind
cancel the calendar I forgot the world's
ending speaking of the future who can
you can get friendships online okay up
next on the bowling alley up the
Shaytards video this is the man that
made my body thanks for doing that dad
he rolls right down the aisle like fat
dip always does oh that's the frat him
punch okay Shh arts trivia we are going
to a restaurant that we go to every time
we're in town
it's where Colette worked when we
started dating put in the comments love
you know anyways I got this new shirt
like two weeks ago you like it anyways
Here I am being a Mayan I dream of the
day where Internet is available anywhere
they expect me to work under these
conditions
Shane I really like your new glasses oh
the other ones are in the cleaners they
had to get clean we're not buying the
draw guys I have a question should we do
a weight loss month in September so I'm
pumped about shayloss I feel amazing out
to have a 13.1 mile race you're never
done with their work there's always more
to dairy I don't pick up this spare I
will murder all four no pressure
oh my this looks like a beautiful family
I'm cutting all of that out that was
annoying
get beat them join them got money not
hold on you mr. dirty you win some you
lose some you lose some
how about your bud about your bud bikini
podcast bikini pod talk to me talk to me
I don't know how you feel
mommy card are you excited about this
heart punch him in the head okay what
are you struggling over here and trying
to do we were gonna scare you ready rawr
this is the thing about Shay is if he
does it he has to do it like that's all
the way he monster all or nothing yeah
I'm super proud of Shane he's always
been amazing at reaching his goal so I'm
just gonna just help them along as best
I can you got a pretty good style that's
one of the things I remember what I
liked about you when we first started
dating is yet a pretty cool where's the
prettiest girl in the world
Oh princess I love her he's like a
pretty stylish bullying stance
okay oh my gosh what's happened here
babe we got him from Centauri what are
you laughing at freddys show em our
trick okay here we go ready
this helps the rotation of the vault in
a way that no one could ever really
understand you know mama sighs dance
bounce enthusiastically encourage your
bowling ball down the alley dance I go
with the blue do you have a blue option
for me all right I like to go for a blue
please oh is that the Avril Lavigne look
you're so listen young lady you're going
into kindergarten and I'm gonna give you
a little daddy pre-kindergarten test are
you ready for a kindergarten cuz I don't
just let any old body into kindergarten
cut you guys hugging I guess you guys
love each other being a good babysitter
is he like in the movie all right you
guys we're going in the cage of death
are you ready are you ready
okay Sontag go to the top of the stairs
which this card is gonna film for us
ready what do you want to do it again
I'm a baby with dumb jump baby jump he's
awake he's awake and happy Jackson I
love you get that you worked so hard for
it
where's your hair where's your back yeah
baby boo another forever you get wet oh
you got a shoe oh good I'm so glad
Thanks
where's the other shoe oh I know dude
it's frustrating where the middle of
nowhere there's no internet Rock car
just off rock cards not having a good
day
don't don't find it dude it's meant to
be don't think you ready for this yeah
okay tell me what you're doing what are
you doing you have glasses where did you
find these two pieces of glass no you
ain't
look at that you're doing you think that
piece is yours it's not dos
what do you have to say for yourself
baby tired got into mom's eye makeup it
looks like baby tart where'd you get
that blonde hair want to show you why we
house more we have seen here you go show
me thank them go introduce into your
Barbie you need me what show me so what
I'm calling this right here is the
multitask we got the doctor rocketship
you guys when we have to fly to the moon
we're gonna our house is gonna fly to
the moon and we come down here and we
light that on fire giggles you don't
want to put fire on our house that's
probably a good idea
I want to show you something yeah is it
okay that they have it no oh look caught
red-handed with the stick machine oh hey
there's the middle schooler
this lady is sad with this other lady
and this guy walks up and the lady goes
hey stranger of it see you well that'd
be so embarrassing you PI Yoda says oh
dad somebody's over there talking to
strangers g-money just showed up to the
bowling alley look at our stud muffin
football player today is Sun tards first
day of first grade just lost his very
last to what's-her-name
hey I biked a little big whose idea was
this that's what I thought dude that's
stepping over the line you know what
that means
slap to the head yeah that's in the rule
book check it out another valuable
lesson learned all right the party's
over
I got to put the camera away you guys
it's getting serious Thank You Internet
shame
