Jackson that's not a hat haven't got the
Christmas crazy
hey guys picked on my dice oh gosh I
probably shouldn't turn the camera on me
my hair today um yeah this is what it
looks like we're gonna decorate for
Christmas
today decorate for Christmas today yeah
want to put a tree up we're gonna put it
right there probably I'm excited
Christmas wait that's a Halloween bucket
it's not Halloween it's Christmas
Christmas
you're so cute dachshund makes it guys I
don't even know how to handle it
sometimes you're just adorable
those are cool you got lots of ninja
guys and a Lamborghini a Lamborghini in
there too guys so cool you're so hip hey
guys today is a beautiful day and today
we are going to set up our tree so right
now we are moving the furniture because
the chairs were usually right here and
the tree goes right here so we're just
moving the furniture around so we can
set up the tree we're also excited
Jackson that's not a hat with pilots
this is dad's new stocking it's a pitch
that it's yours it's like a glass super
if it fits on your head then it's yours
that stand on it that's how your
stocking yeah that song for us go what
son but you want any of them you get 102
sleep and now we hope none yeah wait
wait
I remember this white item vlog yourself
but turn around the sun shining you had
ever had a backlight there that's so I
was like I told my god I am vlogging I
was still mom to that when I wake up
that she has to do wake up you gotta
make money do that oh well that's how we
teach okay all right we are decorating
for Christmas today Gavin's not here
because he had a sleepover with Cooper
at Carly's house so we're gonna go get
him right now and then we're gonna
decorate for Christmas okay yeah all
right I have given he is with us now we
are going to be able to decorate for
Christmas now we just couldn't decorate
without you did you have fun and
Cooper's now did you play video games
so do we have a good time did you win
did your guys beat Cooper's guys in
video games no is he pretty good huh
Cooper's pretty good guys all right
let's go decorate for Christmas all
right you guys it's time to get the tree
out from the loft we've got this box it
has a tree in it but instead of going up
and down the stairs I just hand them
over here to the kids hey don't fall off
the edge just steep up here super steep
that's okay
no my job is to get the tree out and
your so it's just wait down there for me
are you changing jobs all of a sudden
are you jealous of my job and Justin
he's so jealous of my job okay let me do
this part I'm afraid you're going to
fall off of it
okay actually we can trade jobs I'm okay
with that okay I got this piece are you
ready okay it's really obviously a good
job see teamwork high five high five
high five from down there ready no this
way go go that way high five over that
way put your hand this way come on work
with me high five that way ready one two
three high bye no matter work I know
okay next week all right we have another
tray over here you're such a good tree
bottom tree bottom yeah I mean you can
be whatever you wanna be Christmas crazy
Christmas tree I've got the Christmas
crazy gosh I'm gonna take a nap okay
no nesting in the tree we have to set it
up hang on crazy that's in the crisp
legs I love them decorate what you know
I'm a camera dude oh thank you Ava
thank you all right we've got almost the
whole tree set up we still have the top
and then we can start decorating after
we put some ribbon on it
which one
all those are beautiful Merry Christmas
yeah may come and decorate with us touch
your lovely sandals a lovely dainty Dan
yeah brighter hairy in the wilderness on
a Christmas Eve Wow can see oh yeah whoa
deja vu I've been in this room with that
tree with this song with this lady maybe
a tree well I'm coming
I've been trying to teach them about
Christmas ribbon you have to keep it
together and you have to drape it
loosely this one needs a little way I
don't know anything okay I have to fix
this part that's bugging if you like
Jackson climbing on that ladder we are
in echo chamber of our lives
yeah look look check that shot I've shot
that shot before last year man have
several years to calm it was he's
shirtless last year - or shirt Oh get
your clothes oh we never shot though you
never shot Zeke putting a mercy
this whole situations hold on to him
Gavin making me nervous is that your old
yeah look at you ready I'm gonna cry Oh
see ya sing a gap look at that shirt
you're wearing very first that's the
very we picked Malachi hairs off those
shirts
yeah people probably have some of those
Malachi here's okay well we're doing it
or doing the thing that you do when it's
after the turkey and they are getting
ready for commercialism yes I don't mean
any are doing a stacking cups
competition it's not like doing like the
regular thing that stacking cups
competitions do but we make like little
dances you just click two together and
then private and we just do hand dances
like that and so we're ready to compete
so this is part of my dance
it's weird don't judge it if I mess up
okay Emmys - Emmys dramatic miss just
keep on just keep going
take three
Oh
made an outgoing fort it is very big
kids probably the big news for that out
of all the forces made is big
it's the biggest this is what it looks
like and we're never going to sleep in
it tonight it's really droopy headed
inside yeah a little here we'll give you
a fort or Emmys little beds she's going
to sleep in wait ahead and then have
little sift animals this is my little
area and this is my little bed and this
is my bed stand right here I just keep
my little lamp in Emmys lamp is over
there you can't really see it but it's
over there
this is kind of like inside the
dollhouse this thing has probably broken
about seven times and we've had to fix
it it's the thing about making forts but
we got it and now we're ready snitch to
hardwood pit off is if you have two
sheets that like ends up in the middle
and ones like really low you can just
get like a barrette or like a kitchen
clip that you just like clip up bags and
you could just like twist this and just
twist them and click them together
that's what my average it was really
helpful
apparently everyone gosh what what
happened I was stuck over there and I
had nowhere to go and so I was crying
across here to the other side so I can
get down and I crawled across this
little thing maybe trip and I felt okay
so and I like tire water thing fell on
me that hurt okay
