look at it it's nice
do you guys see this dad you have to
kiss them test in the backseat just kiss
it once now where the butts go dad grows
we kiss where the butts go when mama
ain't happy ain't nobody happy
amen brother sing it Justin we're not
buying the truck good morning everyone
so my little boy my baby boy who's not a
baby anymore just lost his very last to
what to get bruises because he doesn't
have any more baby teeth anymore and you
can already tell cuz this one was really
loose I woke up and I was like whoa then
I just ripped it out over the sink and I
got it done he dropped it down the sink
he lost his last tooth yeah well I guess
tooth fairy that last tooth was probably
gonna be a big one but if she doesn't
get it in her hands and you don't get
nothing just kidding I'm sure she'll be
forgiving I just means he's growing up
guys did we get the first yes we got the
first tooth on camera somewhere we
didn't get getting the last tooth out
but we got the day and we got the moment
and we got the blood somewhere in there
well I guess we're moving on in life
more baby teeth on two braces another
day another day
I'm also tired when 7 a.m. guy ones go
to school first we're gonna pull up
maracas wait it's fun to play video
games before school you decided that
kids call you ready conclude hey
everybody how's it going I'm here with
my father this is the man that made my
body thanks for doing that dad thanks
for making my body I like it it's a nice
body
it's a friend to get a root canal what's
up with your DNA and the teeth like I
don't explain to you about flossing your
DNA is supposed to be strong enough so I
don't have to floss remember the little
sign in the dentist's office it says you
don't have to floss all your teeth just
the ones you want to keep that's dad
advice for you right there anyways
my father and I are headed I always get
Phil awkward to talk about stuff like
this
money stuff but today is the day that
I'm gonna go buy my dad a truck so I
texted my dad yesterday and I said hey
let's go get you a new truck
I just got a big check in the mail so
I'm just gonna be open with you guys
here's know how I do these brand deals
where I like promote product naturebox
this delicious healthy snacks that we've
been promoting for two years how long
does it been maybe two and a half three
years anyways so the check that I got
from nature box for last year's deal for
doing all those videos came in and I
thought hey I'm gonna go buy my dad a
truck with that check so um thanks
nature box dad till nature walks things
thank you so much and thank you guys for
getting the product I think it's
delicious most of you like it it's
healthy nature boxes will pay me to say
this right now but
thanks naturebox we're gonna get my
dad's truck alright you guys it's time
to say goodbye to Bob he's going to
school today's a big boy I'm gonna miss
you buddy he's not dying he's gonna miss
me he's crying cause the kitty scratched
and let's see it
let's see the moon ah how kid he
scratched you right before we left the
baby is an use a little rascal huh okay
bye doll water Rocko not sure what
you're saying
hey hey Daxton are you gonna be good for
him yeah even have fun with mommy
gee are we gonna have fun like yes good
good I want to have fun no crying okay
we're good okay we're gonna go clean out
the car you want to do that go through
the carwash
I would go forth well you get to next
time do do you want to go to the grocery
store and get stuff to go camping this
I'm gonna go car wash do you want to go
get stuff to go camping this weekend no
we just need food and stuff do you want
to be on my youtube video sure you don't
mind
no hey guys this is the car salesman
he's gonna sell us a good deal you know
what I want you to say to us I might be
like you know what boys I like you I'm
gonna give you a good feel call me crazy
but I have a special feeling about you
boys I'll give you a steal of a deal can
you say that all right we're in the
vehicle now dad how's the Phil any
questions for the salesman your mom is
gonna love this so I'm buying the car
it's all he cares
like his grandma's happy big deal that
again happy wife happy
hey men brother when mama ain't happy
ain't nobody happy
Amen brother sing it Justin
and yet hello the lyrics come on the
song we're not buying the truck oh let
me have those you're all Hold'em did you
want to get out and back to your car now
okay time to clean out like hi you're
gonna help mommy yeah this little boy
was so sad we left rocketed school said
why don't I get a go why can't I be with
my best friend your best friend huh he's
a brother best friend brothers should be
best friends that's the great thing
about having multiple kids is because
they do turn into each other's best
friends it's true
they also hate each other sometimes and
they fight and they wanted it yeah it's
really difficult but in the long run
they usually end up getting along and
loving each other where's your feet
you'll have your feet ears oh good
should we clean out the car got some
sweet yoga moves dude put him to work
and clean the car yeah what's the dad
was in the military reserve Papa toast
which brings back a very specific memory
of one time me waking up early in the
morning at like 6:00 a.m. and coming
upstairs in the kitchen and my dad was
making breakfast watching the Smurfs I
was and yeah you had this little TV in
the kitchen and I remember thinking that
that it was so funny and I was making
fun of you as like a 12 year old kid
like I busted you oh well you're
watching The Smurfs you're an adult I
caught you and you're like what's wrong
with I remember
i fret getting ready for the kids you
were making us breakfast watching
cartoons and I thought I saw a kid Oh
busted him he's watching the Smurfs I
caught him I knew you like cartoons
sucker you watch The Smurfs I do watch
you wuss - I thought you were in the
military did freakin you did - Gargamel
dude that dudes going down
who knows Gargamel
a lot of scary
okay you don't have to
to work on child labor later that's
awful
I get up from J hey Jackson I love you I
mean the stickers still stay on there
but it's just a 3-mile protections sad
in the papers hold the camera like that
we've been holding it in talk to it
say hello everyone
Watson's login he'll look at it it's
nice
do you guys see this dad you have to
kiss them test in the backseat come here
you have to kiss it that's the rule just
kiss it once now where the butts go dad
grows we guess where the butts go now
it's time to go through the actual car
wash last time we did this dachshund and
not really loved it but it was kind of a
while ago but I actually took him with
me so hopefully he likes it stick hey
we're gonna go through the carwash cake
it's gonna be fun it's gonna be loud and
cool we're gonna see the soap on the
windows okay right Jackson here we go
let's say got soul
loud stuff hasn't happened yet
who's having fun come on the lights
all of what colors out what color is it
red
look we get blue and red bubbles
you see the bubble cool blue and red
bubble
you don't hate
now we're gonna get tied you can get the
big blow dryers and they go they make a
cool noise
you make that noise
or you will
that's a boy
cool huh
I think we didn't look now they're
driving now they're driving for us you
see I'm trying to see that say thank you
I think we did it oh we did the car wash
without any tears good job you did a
good job today my brights are on whoops
my brights were on the whole way through
the carwash sorry guys
alright there's a big smile on your face
big smile do you like it alright we made
it back in one piece from the carwash
and from taking brought to school I
already miss him he is such a fun little
light in my life and little dachshund
that's and plum tuckered out that car
wash just did it mm-hmm he's awake he's
awake and happy are you like happy
hey guys we have a special guest on our
podcast today look Jax look all the
people are here on the campus a home
happy baby don't care about thanks no
sir I'm busy oh he wants a drink no this
is poison this is bad whew mommy thinks
daddy drank it cuz oh really I do it's
very bad well sorry about that pass J
because future editing this vlog shade
needed more footage for the vlog so you
just have to look like a bad father hey
thanks for watching today guys we do
appreciate it
you know I I cringed sometimes to share
the ID buying my dad a truck scenario
I'm so happy and it's such a blessing I
know that there's some out there that
are hurting and that you know wish they
could buy their dad a truck my mom
texted me today it made me cry because
she she texted me and she said you know
you fulfilled a dream of mine today my
mom she told me that she used to
Bennett and I and think if I had a
million dollars I would buy my dad a
truck and a new horse trailer and she
said that she used to always just step
at night and think about that cuz her
dad had to drive this old truck all
those years and never got to get
anything new and the same with my dad
he's been driving this it's like a 97
green Chevy he's driven that truck for a
decade and I just thought man anyways
I'm not my own horn but I'm just like
thank you for supporting our family and
you know I don't want to say that like
you know I owe you guys because I don't
want to feel like I work for you but I
appreciate the support that you give us
in our family and we hope you enjoy
these videos and we I guess overall give
you the hope and the optimism of the
courage to get out there and just try to
make a better life for you and your
family and stick with your family it's
all about family family family family if
that's the one message I have for the
world if it's the F word the efforts see
you tomorrow
the family that's the F word I'm talking
about alright thumbs up you perverts bye
