no Brock you can do it right you can do
it dude don't do B breeze Hey yummy okay
I'll do it okay like Gavin do it Gavin
strong what about mommy mom can do it
his mom strap it - oh yes you just
didn't remember to adjust him change
into a seizure I don't smell the here
okay okay
these guns ladies got some guns the ball
is stuck on top of the bookshelf Brock
straighten your legs bra stand up stand
up this is today's vlog guys sorry we're
live here at the Shaytards house haha
Brock you gotta stand up straight dude
you got it'll make your legs straight so
that you can reach high coming here yeah
Gavin you pick your mama that's actually
quite the best way let's see this action
here we go Gavin Butler 11 years old
lifting his 165 pound bottom up oh no
it's coming back it's like rocket League
you bounce it off the wall use your
turbo boost use your turbo boost
oh thanks for the lighting rock brought
baller on lighting over
Oh My heavens all right we've been live
for at least five minutes we still have
not got the ball no I want you to lift
somebody up that's funner put it back up
there I want to see you pick your mama
those hilarious she's having to freak
out about the heater anyways this is the
handsome devil behind the camera it's me
hi Shay Carl nice to meet you put her
there put her there
um yeah I threw that ball up there
yesterday and then I just told oh you
get it stuck again yeah we need your
help the balls stuck on top of the shelf
here's the deal uh this is today's
Shaytards vlog which is weird because
you're watching it live right now if
you're in the livestream chat or you
might be on YouTube oh hey want to see a
pic let's see that gap mr. shake oh you
got the baby oil on my chest got
mustache shave nice and straight just
like you like it
we're gonna have for today's show we're
gonna work hard in today's show aren't
we what is that there is no weakness in
this dojo no there is no mercy in this
dojo No
anyways we have the ball down jacks or
champions Gavin you just did your mama
everybody's saying strong boys strong
Gavin Gavin's a buff stud muffin I'm
seeing a stud muffin in the chat hi from
New York dude somebody from New York
City which is basically across the North
American continent just watched you
helped get a ball lifted your mom up to
get a ball off but do this is teamwork
hey babe come here talk to you guys want
to see some good old American man
muscles who wants to look through Oh
pictures of shake shake Carl with his
shirt off shake that's the name of this
live show hey who wants to see another
stud muffin dude look at this this is me
my buddy Jared Lee look at that Wow
I thought I looked cool in those glasses
and guess what I did I did look cool me
like I think I was doing duck face sorry
ladies I was doing duck face in 97 ha
I'm the duck face master this is all do
the smell car I dyed my hair no no right
here I did dye it blonde though Mazda 3
2 3
dude this is JP Walker one of my
favorite skiers and sign that thanks JP
guys sweet dude this is just a plastic
bin full of memories is this that's
Travis Parrington right there
old buddy of mine these memories look at
Carly and Logan
there's Carly Rob can you show me your
muscles dog yeah memories here no no no
Colette's office is wanna see Casey this
is Casey mean Casey went skiing one day
and there's other pictures in this photo
set where we don't have any clothes
naked skiing but it was a warm spring
skiing day so we had shorts and vests
with no tees no shirts bro
photo tricks oh my goodness who's what
let me see
that's that who does that look like who
do you think that is I don't know we see
you again okay who's that little blue
right there yes what does it look like
yeah you're right isn't that crazy
that's that's their friend I don't know
her that's what Oh what is it the but
one this is when I add the cruise ship
one no let me see wait let me just see
it before I show it hold on we are
there's 3,000 people watching live oh I
am no I can't show that actually is on
YouTube here wait hold on I'm gonna show
oh okay that's all
do you know what to say that that's when
we lived in Phoenix Phoenix Arizona
Malakai and that's I so remember walking
Malakai down to that dog park to go to
the bathroom and we'd let it looks so
funny when little Gavin
dude buns buttons everywhere find some
more memory lane I'm sure I saw buddy
commercial where the kid came up and
asked the parent right there why there
weren't any there's gonna be more actual
pictures of you than any other kid I
don't think there's hardly any actual
pictures of these - they're all digital
there's no pictures anymore we don't
have pictures anymore there everything's
on your phone or your iCloud and it okay
anyways thanks for joining us oh yeah
there's a bee as a baby what we're gonna
do today this is today's vlog I'm sorry
it's a periscope video that's a via
princess tart as you know her but we're
gonna go we're not done yet we're gonna
go do some laser tagging anybody want to
play some laser tag huh we show one more
picture find one more embarrassing
picture and then we gotta go buy a
picture of mom have you for those
pictures oh I can't wait for one day
when buddy
that's the Mirage it's in Las Vegas it's
a fire volcano water abouton thingy
what Vegas was that when was that I
think we made out that way
I have different memories of making out
with that girl that might enjoy us I
think I don't know I'm supposed to stay
in Vegas I guess what else you got what
else we got what's that yeah look at
that cheddar muffin hey this is like
this is my is this working I think
that's Philly D that's sxephil right
there upside down in the Hawaiian ocean
yeah that's a cool picture where's
Lindsay fella Wednesday we gotta still
go to Hawaii look at that booty Lindsay
that's crazy I've seen these pictures
that's me there did we not get any
pictures of me oh there's me yes you
took this one I was underneath the water
shooting up that remember we found this
like little cold this was the actual
excursion thing that we went on yeah
yeah we found that was fun memory lane
Oh thumbs up this video
there's no scissors in this dojo is
there no sunshine all right let's go
play laser tag for those of you live
show that's an editing
because we're gonna cut in the YouTube
video
we are live streaming laser tag your mo
it is laser tag time victory due to Blue
Team Alpha all right next game here we
go you team first red team it is baby
Todd's birthday today she's on the red
team now so we're not gonna wish her
happy birthday we're just gonna shoot
her with lasers instead of wishing her
happy birthday who's on the team who
whip who is the whip that gap in the
woods PR Celestia silent killer style
Queen where's me I'm Shay I'm supposed
to be a sniper she probably comes on ok
so hello everybody we are are you live
broadcasting you guys are about to
sniper shades in the game Cooper sniper
same routine let's roll out
you guys ready to roll it out it's time
to play laser tag
there's there's a red team birthday girl
Aimee lupus turning eight years old
today playing laser tag hey man
green ring dude this is not safe we're
in red territory
she's recharging I'm about to be shot I
went deep into red territory just to
show you guys the birthday girl because
I love ya
I can't really play the laser tag
because I'm supposed to have two hands
on the gun while I shoot and I can't
hold the live show while I shoot so I'm
just gonna be a laser tag hold up
don't mind us
you guys are really close you guys are
really cramping my laser tag style I'm
trying to camp on a sniper up here I've
been seen here's what we're doing these
here's our strategy I'm gonna camp out
here with an elevated situation that's
always good
ah
yes where we going
I'm following you
okay you guys listen up the
competitiveness side of me is getting to
me and getting shot with all these
lasers while I'm holding my iPhone and
my laser gun on the other hand this
really hurt and hurting myself my score
so I have to set you guys down so I can
play laser tag here I'm going to set you
guys up let's see if I can put you at a
vantage point
I'm trying to serve all right you guys I
tried it's out of the phone it's not
working I gotta go the blue team needs
me we're losing we're down I gotta go
okay
my family needs a win
Wow
ladies are tagged we'll see you guys
next time
