the funnest part is hitting it cuz it
makes a really fun noise okay daddy's
turn
punch it no rock okay we can share okay
now I'm gonna roll it up maybe Dibby
Dibby Dibby people going to the dentist
again Dennis to D bee do bee do bee do
bee boo I'm gonna do the dentist again
hey hat boys what's up dog we're doing
some errands dad has to go finish his
root canal no you guys are just dropping
dad off are we gonna be hard to get a
vacuum dachshund oh you guys will go to
the store
bless your heart rockets okay thanks for
helping Rock was getting that's a no-no
well that's got he has to go get his
dentist fix how I see the fish in the
dentist are they all get a root canal
you have fun with these two I'm glad I'm
getting the root canal I actually to go
get it anyways we'll see in a second
love you yeah well I'm sorry honey
all right we found a good card that
extreme some both in they think it's
really fun I'm excited about that
yeah so now we have the mac and cheese
which one do you want no I'll just grab
it then we don't have to Bucky Becky
the one star wars yes you want this one
this is c-3po or r2d2 r2d2 no c-3po is
down on my Star Wars game guys done we
have to have Darth Vader too so they can
have an epic battle while we eat our mac
and cheese good idea
oh look I got the other one I got my
tooth x2 speaking of the future I just
made yesterday's end slate uh-oh it's
Sora
they used a machine to make my new tooth
those like a CNC machine that used
diamond tips and water to like bore out
my new tooth feels shiny anyways it's
time to take you having to football
Broncos looks cool oh is that what is
this oh you're good
what a nice viewer to give you a non
address Oh does she want to go to
football practice no all right let's go
move it's on moving so here we go by
Jesus and kids love you you I have some
dinner have you already eaten some
dinner what's all over your face gia did
you get a Cheeto attack huh let me see
your fingers are your fingers cheetos
show me your teeth show me your teeth
who's your lips
where's your lips your lips move which
groups where's your ears where's your
ears where's your hair where's your back
where's your back back there where's
your elbows dummy elbows where's your
knees
Demi knees how my knees do you have you
gotta get your finger out you know
where's your knees at Daxton show your
knees oh yeah where's your toes
show me your toes can show me your toes
Jimmy toes oh there they are
hey hey where's your ears there you go
you're smart maybe five I love you
tongue as your tongue right tongue
where's the prettiest girl in the world
there she is that was he
it was easy smells like 1 million
dollars in here which seems like a big
waste of money because I think we could
cook dinner for a lot cheaper
I'm trying to protect my career we're
having curry chicken assalamualaikum
that doesn't mean just cuz you're Muslim
doesn't mean you like curly I was racist
I guess but I was a missionary in Guyana
and a lot of the Muslim people fed me
chicken curry and roti so that's where
we got some people yeah that's me is
also humble a coop ok chill let's go
football practice you ready for football
practice
you ready kick some butt dude got your
stickers on tell who put your stickers
on cuz he's what yep that's what I
thought
hey guys so we're making chicken curry
tonight and we're making the roti for
the chicken curry here is the finished
chicken curry I think I've perfected it
I might tweak the seasonings a little
bit but we're making the roti the dough
right now flappy and the funnest part is
hitting it cuz it makes a really fun
noise okay daddy's turn punch it low
block okay we can share okay now I'm
gonna roll it out now I'm gonna roll it
out big and put some oil on it and then
rolling it have a really hard time not
getting food all over this camera so I'm
wondering if I can set this somewhere
you guys can watch what we're doing
without getting really dirty right there
oh my good that's a normal nobody fit in
there huh dad from your table
let's try to break up oh my gosh balrog
up for can't throw it out really that
hard a little to fight my joke there go
I don't want to bug you and squish it
and I game ago I know I wonder loyal
forget I don't know what it's like it we
having fun not skin
we got a cooking first hey masseur the
heart I made the heart she'd make it she
heart on cue to try I like him like big
tortilla shaped style so you can scoop
the roti up or they're Korean twin it's
yummy
hahaha
it is a curry cooking catastrophe in
here casualties
some curry cookin casualties the three
youngest they they just couldn't take
the heat where'd they go
did they get out of the kitchen the
bubbly is the bathtub you ever bubbled
boy oh boy yeah I can see it it's all
over you all over the carpet nice shirt
we're gonna clean for nice lucky kiss
you later Tut's you just better be
waiting
let's see these oh oh my goodness
bubbles are everywhere oh my goodness
gracious
there bubbles and flour everywhere
see what it's like having five kids
you're never done with your work there's
no any more to do this looks so good oh
it's my favorite meal this is my
favorite of all the deliciousness is
only making cinnamon oh these are like
cookies oh yeah these are good you put
some cinnamon sugar wrap those up that's
a chewy sugary delight meant all right
so this is like the dessert the sugar
and curry roti they're just like doughy
tortilla type chewy so chewy all right
it's feeding time got a washout Zeke's
Bowl look at this country woman out here
your country woman cleaning off your rug
gonna ring your bell call the cows home
it's time for supper
get in here you branches down for supper
I'll have you not date on his breaking
Lord on it ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha what
was that you're seeing it this morning
early yesterday morning um the little
treetops the little tea do dude
the day dawn is breaking anyways we'll
figure it out huh potato beaner time for
a doggie big go doggie
it's an order fool big Oh No each a lot
of food yeah I wrote that myself and
then come up full erics everything what
National Train where's that at
outside that's right ok let's go
ok running errands boggy digi-key tea
what you doing GD what do you want do
you wanna go on a ride
say can I go on a ride dad say I'm go
for ride
I'm go for ride say please okay do we
have a race oh no bro you gotta be on
your bike what are you doing frog
cheating least your humble baa baa black
sheep have you any wool yes sir yes sir
three bags full
Brock love you look at he is such a
champion by critter good job dude hey I
thought we're gonna go for a motorcycle
ride you wanna go for a ride let's go
let's go yeah I forgot how to my bed
let's go I'm on okay get on you can do
it climb up there climb up there yeah
climb on do it is it too hard
it too hard help your brother get on
there
Brock really wants to learn how to drive
this he asked me if I would teach him
and I said not till he can touch don't
tip over
not til I said not till you can touch
put your toes down let's see how close
your toes are to the ground ah close can
you hold it up
yeah so you need to grow another three
or four inches bro
Hey
look you guys I can touch the ground
like touch the ground really easy it's
easy no one not cuz wanna go see the
sunset already ought to get off you just
say on the motorcycle you want to go see
the sunset now go see the horsies
they're not there by the cab's on the
horse I think they're over there eating
the grass let's go see you I'm go see
him
you guys like motorcycle rides what's
your favorite part
yeah going fast
Jackson you like to go Papa will eat no
Pappa wheelie what oh wait
what is the wheeling when we put the
front tire go burn like that would ya
and pop go pop a wheelie ma speaking of
that song the day dawn is breaking is it
another glorious dinner around the
bachelor table I think it is livers
oh I'm so excited we're okay what we
changed seating arrangements av whores
mine what
rainbow so my my color is yellow oh oh
so all the different names are a
different color what's this one daddy oh
this me I love it
Rita can you see yeah Brock go around
until you tell me you see yours you can
read your name
go find yours hey is this one a whale of
it is this one it is this one here yeah
there you go you can read your own name
there you go
that's yours crap guys you forgot to
tell me to get the vegetable tray I'm
sorry Bay Bay Bay
I took the kids for a motorcycle I went
out to get the vegetable trailer then
Jackson was so cute and buy the
motorcycle goes right right alright um
it's your fault you're supposed to
remind me but a vegetable tray okay it's
time to pray and eat dinner love rum rum
rum ba no filter please birds birds
chirping in the sky
germs are jerman don't know why colors
are colorful in the sky Birds a burden
they loved died there's the birdies
there's the birdies - the kitties Pern
on my back
hey kitty but Kira he came up to me I
was like burned sheikhan Katie hey Zekey
oh whoa get off my truck he's trying to
get him cuz I left my window down who's
that who's that is that Grandma there's
kuma she's trying to window wiper yeah
Jackson look at me the why it's really
cool right now look at me
Jackson look at daddy oh crap wait don't
get in the window wipers look at all
Zeke is that's grandma messy grandma
like what is she
all right you just take him okay he's
yours no he wants to drive he's looking
for driver's license and we don't want
to pay for driver's ed classes his
grandma will learn him good uh sorry bro
we couldn't wait for you you're taking
too long we had to get started with ya
how's football good what'd you do
would you rep to run nice you look
sweaty you get a good workout
got your pads on alright eat your dinner
it's bedtime
we got a school night it's a school
night yeah go to bag Sam go to school
look at our stud muffin football player
it's such a beautiful boy
Oh busted caught you guys hugging I
guess you guys love each other losers
all right it's timed in there poor you
guys already imported footage okeydoke
see you tomorrow see you guys love you
guys see in the morning your regular guy
but you try
to be something we are
so say
in the shade
Oh
