my knees my elbows hi everybody
Shay rocky vaccinators morning hi good
morning to you good morning dear you
oh he's Mickey Mouse boy day doggies
look from behind he looks like Donald
Trump or in a hat I'll drop you don't
have good hair bro sorry I'm sorry Dax
maybe that means it's time to cut your
hair here look at mommy look at mommy
say hi say good morning I got my new
Mickey Mouse hat on and I look handsome
handsome I will work on that one Melvin
geysers own you perfect angel clavicus
huh huh daddy kisses a perfect angel I
love him so much
now you can make it a body set hey boy
boom oh yeah I hear your brother coming
Oh sad that Brock
oh go Sam I think it is Brock doing
downstairs Brock say oh I better wear
really cool shirts and really cool
shorts white shirt shorts wait yep Kyla
and let me do it man he's white he's
laughing huh get some really cool shorts
and a really cool shirt baby see and he
ran off to the get-go really cool shirt
and really cool ha ha oh he's got a
month of em thank you no monkey bum
there's no give up water check ready
where's Ranma trick this is good for
apps yep touch wait you only get Stanley
wait
does that say oh that's in the workout
that's a good workout we love each other
oh my goodness oh it's so sleepy he's
like us he's Memphis here comes your
brother nice entrance
oh it's a baby baby spider shoot oh oh
you're bringing in vases maneuvering
Sean I see your own tag-teamed accident
- Satan - your turn you sleep my knees
laughs yeah yeah Kimberly remember I am
ready
Shay rocking back stairs morning oh we
do it across it good workout totally put
it on the camera smile huh oh good I
can't wait to see those very selfie whoa
you're so cool
negative Oh
throw it no more no more Mickey yeah
clean your room good idea all right
wrestling times over time to get some
work done
we are stacking the books on the drawers
that we just glued because the drawers
keep coming apart every time they try to
clean their room and then this happens
because the doors keep falling off so we
got some wood glue oh no babe I need
another Kleenex that's some dripping in
here we got some spillage okay you guys
keep stacking the books put the books on
top and then that'll hold it down and
then oh the glue will dry then you will
have really solid sturdy drawers thank
you
good I gotta have a fine workmanship
here can't leave a bunch of glue
drippings Oh dachshund you stink I'm
right you're down by your butt bro have
some courtesy poop in somebody else's
face trying to think your drawer here
Jesus
disrespectful oh hey there's the middle
schooler all right go get him tiger
all right I need another that looks like
crap I need more Kleenex there's glue
everywhere
come see
let your book tower good job boys but
you did it now they're pushing those
things down so the glue will dry can you
clean it up yep they sure did but this
and that's a good wait those are gonna
get real dry and your drawers are gonna
be strong yes Daddy they are I think
paint green might appreciate those book
towers check it out Hank Brock and
accent making book towers dftba Jackson
made that one and Brock made that one
it's a good thing they also love to read
them
yeah cause a great book towers good job
I call these two the Trix and princesses
whoa and look at the springy little cat
look at those two they found some tricks
and dresses
Wow and a bag of stuff I had from VidCon
yeah what you can see what I'm doing hi
I love you dude and they're like mom can
we cut the bottoms of these because
they're really long we got the bottoms
of these and keep them like of course
you can you're the tricks and princesses
look how lovely they are we love you
love you are you my little tricks in
prints here my pizza prints Britta
prints your move your move Rita Rita
Rita here you got a football huh Ted a
football are you quarterback here a
pizza quarterback huh I love you have a
kiss pizza kiss be chicken mmm great day
guys you excited a cheer for your
brother huh what are you doing you got a
bunch of gravel getting pictures yeah
look and tub got your dog's got your dog
love you guys is excited for Gavin to
lamp you just need to let chips
you're so cute underneath that doesn't
prop with my crap like you he doesn't
like when I'm tickling the other kids
and like they get tired of it but I keep
tickling them they keep laughing Dax is
like dad have done stop yeah and it's
like he's had enough he's like done and
I stopped because I appreciate and I
respect his wishes
I guess he gets whatever he watching
Gavin's football game he's gavin super
famous oh you ain't forgot since of what
we out there put up with any crap
high genic facepalm game
Jackson Klopfer Gavin you go Gavin get
right there guys what is this is this
like a Google Maps camera what is that I
think there's like cameras all in there
what does that rig you guys you guys you
guys you guys this just in a wait a
minutes promotion okay got it check out
my clothing company just kidding uber
it's for uber I asked the guy we were
chatting in line at the gas station I
said are you a Google car I probed into
his life I said can I ask you a question
sir what are all of those spinning
cameras doing on the top of your van but
it's for uber why would ever want to be
filming the roadways why do they want to
know why do they do this uber trying to
get their own
laughs Eddie was supposed to tell me
I didn't show him
goober it's where you pick boogers and
give people rides you pick the people's
noses of the people giving rides to hey
where can I take you can I take you
ma'am the goober car but listen to this
I believe in the future
uber will have autonomous driverless
cars all over the place Oh like that's
we won't drive anymore we'll just push a
button on our mobile device that tells
the driverless car to show up and take
us to the movies he requires gonna
happen anyways not yet let's go get a
shovel to each other's eyeballs out wait
what if they do I don't know but I'm a
shovel dig your eyeballs out does it
seem like I've been talking about the
future a lot lately it just seems like
it's speeding up you know like I feel
like it's almost every single day that I
see a new blog post or some article or
just some video on Facebook about new
technology I just posted one on Twitter
today about an aviation record that was
set the very longest flight ever to take
place an airplane in flight for five
days straight using zero gasoline that's
right a solar-powered airplane
self-sustained from the Sun it charges
its batteries during the day and then at
night it has the power to fly the plane
stored in the batteries and then when
the Sun comes up the next morning the
planes almost dead but as the Sun comes
over the horizon it starts to charge the
airplane again and then it gains all
that power through the day and stores it
in the batteries so that it can fly
again at night
think about that an airplane that did
not touch the ground for five days
straight because it had the power of the
sunshine above it dude that's exciting
anyways check out yesterday's vlog click
on that fill and lucky button actually
the previous video yesterday's vlog the
Shaytards rewind I think might have been
one of my favorites it's cool to see the
kids like in six years in 30 seconds
right I like I like those anyways check
out yesterday's vlog click on the thumbs
up you guys want to do this we've done
this before
right and n slight you know how it works
love ya see you tomorrow I'm gonna try
to get a video every day this week
that five days I'm going to cross my
fingers lucky
