that was lunch that's where can they go
watch I'm kid if I was a boy I would get
if I was a girl got you we totally got
you this is or in the orange dump truck
it's really unpleasant in what beautiful
more row one of these out your face yeah
I'm ready for a great week
what is better their shirt come here and
have a fun time remember that's from
Willy Wonka you guys like Willy Wonka
and the Chocolate Factory
now what oh hi didn't notice you there
way back in the day when I was a
constructional list man to him lunch
tard
much money to son tard that's not actual
a real world rope I'm like that pardon
so you guys know that some that was some
real life do you believe about the
Nasdaq my 401k is gone to hell yeah I
kind of vlog about watermelon broke
quick know what a beautiful day oh I'm
so exhausted I just exerted all my
obnoxiousness in one city hey everybody
quiet starting now
the shame
Oh
first day school first day school
everybody's cool on first day of school
let's go they love the mall we got a
comedian guys down low down low he
didn't mind the quack-quack and the legs
are dangling down oh she's such a good
dancer hey Rikuo come make out with me I
was a fourth-grade boy I'd be like butts
the first day of school outfit very
pretty you look so pretty is that one of
the things that you've got a big time
brick to start wants to go higher self
address I wanna get one for me Tammy get
something for me please
lots of shoes you're gonna be a
kindergartener is that too big turn
around
things like a tortoise shell on your
back how my teacher so you think you're
gonna have a good fourth-grade course
I'd be there you're so athletic
you guys want what what cream I say this
is what a good dog Malick is princess
card is a chocolate woman just like her
mommy all right well I guess we're not
drinking out of that up would you said
any more
look at me blue eyes think about the day
we can drop all five of them on I can
see the baby kick and Roger has hand
like all things like no mom I'll miss
you guys I like hanging out the rock
articles like it's just oh the baby yeah
we're gonna play hey retards decided she
doesn't need friends Oh awesome I got a
restaurant we don't have caramel corn in
here what are you talking about baby
tart she's trying to steal the Mentos
your secret stash of candy
no you eat your dinner all gone so now
you get ice cream
yeah you're not having any secret
stashes you're willing to pay anything
for ice cream ready for first grade bro
you're out of the kinder leagues how is
your birthday first day of second grade
young lady you're kind of slacking get
off your butt hey Macklemore love you I
like your haircut don't be bashful oh
you looking at some I like your tie look
I just love you dude you're just so
chill you're so easy to deal with
I thought you excited yeah kick it dude
kick it we go rock Luffy nod oh wait
were you broken buddy you're speeding on
your little bird okay for you in the
video retard do you like it
wanna watch it again how tough are you
big tough football brother so tired are
you building a fresh and cool and fresh
and clean any cute girls in the class
really do you how many girlfriends do
you have after the first day like six
hey you're the oldest kid in the school
you'll need to take no crap from nobody
unless the teacher asked you to do
something then you try listen what you
wish for just tell me
nothing scares me except for maybe the
national debt and global warming you're
not allowed to play on the trampoline
get down young man you are such a
different personality than your brother
this is from a dog bakery go for it
Malakai another thing about Zeke is
different than Malachi he loves playing
fetch so I guess you won't mind if I
finish the rest of this birthday cake
then right see yourself throw yourself
go for me turn up turn off the video
camera
give me five thanks for your help you
ready to go alright let's go baby tard
you keep looking cute okay what you
think I see it again behind you it's
freaking awesome see you guys later bye
bonus next week we show how wedgies can
be quite effective
I sit down my computer to see what you
have done so far today it's just nice
see reality
it's just a cool family be good to each
other
people
terribly
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is hotter than
car
Oh shame
Oh shame
and the shame
charge
alright all done cried a little bit but
you're only two so we can still go to
the movie Kitty kiss kiss good job
