we've logged today this is the first
clip it's the first glam rock this first
clip or at lunch written sandwiches
frogs get his nose picked flex looking
beautiful in the morning we didn't win a
vlog anything you went to school today
you learned your brain got bigger we
don't any of that now we're here he
didn't Subway sandwiches no we're at
firehouse where we had Dax's rainy the
whole store in one bite Gavin's at
football practice
Livan grocery shopping here we go a
money sandwich first cuz it's EOD I sit
down my computer to see what you have
done so far today it's just nice see
reality it's just a cool family be good
to each other
I'm so tired
the people
the people
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is hotter than
all right buddy you follow me come with
me that's a big hold that up baby yeah
that's as big as you are
yeah tackle it here what do you think
there you go
is it cold Daxton he's doing the Oh
shivering clothes oh that makes you
warmer when you lose the arms should we
buy it
you just said buy it what did she mean
by you want blueberries he does want
some blueberries say blueberries
you are now alright Jackson moves just
beautiful berries no throwing
blueberries over here but bacon all
right get vegetables fruit vegetables
for lunches healthy things I don't want
dessert yeah those are good we get some
school definitely good those are better
than the actual fruit snacks we freeze
indexing is I'm freezing dad I can't
wait to take you skiing this year
yeah vegetables were stocking up are you
called
raspberries those are what she's talking
about
vegetable trays and drinks all right
cool
grapes gee those are huge grapes we see
those Wow look girl you said concrete a
real egg weight cotton candy grapes yeah
they're not you know making lies Wow
I need to buy some carrots for the
horses the carrots that are up in my
shop that I feed the horses with they're
almost out so one of my favorite
pastimes in the morning when I'm editing
my video I go feed the horses
carrots cuz they love me I like the
buildin your hair hey everybody marigold
you get so pretty my dad my chicken eggs
a beautiful and young looking I'm
timeless and perfect haha that's so cool
that's crazy
Oh if you just got yelled at for being
on the cart Dax has a very you runs a
very tight cart ship you're trying to
why why do a neat healthy this way
alright she wants to be healthy we're
shopping a vyas vlog mom and get out of
here you brat this is the very best
vegetable it is wrong : brocco let
broccoli broccoli it's you guys how cool
is that if your own broccoli dachshund
doesn't care not impressed not impressed
at all what do you wanna be this
Halloween you wanna be spider-man yeah
you do what about a fireman Emmy why
don't you be Iron Man gosh - Dax we're
gonna be Batman lost you
you could be a white Star Wars start
trooper guys spider-man are you Rainbow
Brite
are you a brony bro is Jackson a brony
oh here here a pretty pretty brony do
you like that
that's pretty huh from your minion do
they have minions where they got you got
Ninja Turtles all kinds of stuff I'll be
a Daxton minion don't be a minion look
don't do that that could be you check it
out boys you want to write that yeah
look at Dax anyone go for a motorcycle
ride dude maybe you guys could all right
on that that's what he there
no we just are here to get milk and eggs
not motorcycles I'm daddy nice to meet
you all right now we're picking up a
sandwich for Gavin because he's a
football practice and he didn't get to
eat dinner with us so we have to pick
him up dinner every night we'll have him
some ready yeah we usually try to eat
before but if that doesn't work then we
try and just get because he has football
from 6 o'clock to 8 o'clock so it's hard
to eat dinner before that but then after
is really late so what are we gonna do
life is hard
smells good in these times they gave
been making some fresh bread or so this
is not really good dude I want to just
go back at home open the window again
there's no back nothing the window tell
him how good my chicken was last dude
you guys last night Colette made this
bacon chicken this cheddar bacon chicken
collaboration it was really his last
night collect called chicken bacon and
cheddar thanks and she said hey do you
guys want to do a collab and they're
like I don't know I'm a pretty important
a busy schedule it's like more or less
Duke lab and they did it it was dinner
ozium how did you get that on your year
I just I can't start my day I have my
coffee oh that was a cup of water just
so you know let's watch trotsky's water
all right come on pick up Gavin from
football practice put the camera away no
vlogging and driving my Zeke
it's Friday I don't know if we have very
much footage guys it's Friday all the
footage you watched was from yesterday
Thursday now I've asked them Colette
where the other camera is and the
footage is and it's Friday wait what
it's Friday where's your the camera you
know it's in here Oh Alfie we need
footage I'm going to edit right now and
I don't think I have enough footage for
the vlog so this is real time dude I
we've been in this house for a year and
I still haven't put my office together
Youkilis baby goes there's a baby all of
my office is haunted oh hey what are you
doing dude hey hey Waldo ghosts baby
what are you doing he's hiding
where'd he go anybody seen Daxton
where's Dax anybody see him up there he
is
what's up baby boy did you got all these
stripes reading gray stripes and you
have black stripes on your shirt I see
the stripes on your shirt dude
let me see your shirt I see it that's a
cool shirt yeah I like that
those are cool stripes you got a lot of
red stripes on you anyways footage
Friday sing it I kind of have some of my
office put together I'm just gonna
other stuff well I think that Hazen
obviously should go there that what
we're thinking and then you have a lot
of paintings I don't think they're all
gonna fit in here like we have your play
buttons oh yeah with those like you have
too many things I got to play buttons oh
I got my Annoying Orange marshmallow I
got hang that up it's my football with
the hat on it's cold yeah all right well
I'm gonna import this footage it
uploaded it's Friday are you gonna kill
an account really get over him it to
help you turn your video well that's the
thing Oh on the couch definitely a couch
I let that up there I want to treadmill
your TV a treadmill for oh I don't know
it doesn't matter I don't need anything
yeah how my arms getting tired oh I'm a
bad vlogger walking muscles are we uh I
gotta go but say we need exercise um see
you guys on Monday
mmm baby so who has started school who
is already grateful that it's the
weekend and they're like yes it's Friday
whoo the first week of school is killer
let me a break oh geez thanks for
watching click on yesterday's vlog if
you want to see our kids first day back
to school and click on the mystery video
got some new Katie let videos up new
podcasts we're doing lots of podcasts I
think there actually might be a brand
new podcast live today what is it Friday
yeah new podcast I'm pretty sure I'm
gonna go double-check why don't you
click on that mystery button because
it'll be a mystery if you're feeling
lucky it'll be a mystery and thanks for
watching and doing all you do to support
our family thumbs and up leaving nice
old comments we appreciate it
alright ah check out the Shaytards
rewind will be this weekend and we might
be doing some live periscope show so
follow me on Twitter for a heads up on
that one it's at shaycarl
all right thanks dude see you later bye
