check out joy yourself a zoo look here
we go first day of school first day of
school
everyone's looking cool at 6:40 in the
morning on the first day extreme what
time is it it's early it's it's time to
rise and shine honey lifters are doing
this again like every single year they
go back to school
yes well the breakfast don't look too
shabby - for sure
alright it's another school year has
begun eggs
we got breakfast going on kids waking up
how's Gavin let's go see see what
Gavin's bus leaves a lot later than the
girls bus does so you ready
you look cute let's see that first day
of school outfit very pretty you're so
grown-up or daughters growing up babe
got grown up daughter yeah kiss your
long in case you've grown up Nick let's
see it do you know where any tricks in
thanks for supporting the family
business bro really appreciate it
strive and struggled and get this
business off the ground you can't
support me I want your yesterday ok I'm
sure good sizes yo
alright I'm gonna wake up heavy give me
some watermelon yeah she's away well
back to school um excuse me whose bed is
made in room is clean and is ready for
school with their backpack packed is
that you are you ready first day of
second grade Ian lady Wow
it's a big day in your life you have
anything you want to say to your future
self to remind yourself about the way
that you used to think in second grade
to help you get a little perspective on
where you want to go in the future
nothing okay you look great
I'm excited are you nervous okay let's
go get some breakfast get you started on
a good day
loofa Scott her own room but this is
lupus his own room now she's so excited
hah alright let's go back to school
save energy what is the earliest first
day of school you can remember can you
remember your very first day of school
on second grade remember your very first
day of kindergarten what about your very
first day of middle school anybody
remember that Gavin get ready for school
are you in the shower you better hustle
bro you better get ready we got school
bro first day of middle school bro you
ready bro yeah well okay gonna clean his
bathroom too let's check out this room
hmm somebody's not starting the first
day of middle school cleanliness why
can't you be more like your second grade
sister better hustle bro his bus doesn't
leave till an hour later so he's got
time well Gavin's getting ready his
rooms a giant disaster sweetie
yeah I'm very proud of you no let's go
check yours out is yours clean too
and the beds made babe your daughters
getting a very great start to her second
grade year did you believe that I can
she's excited I having her own room cuz
she's a big girl
alright okay okay final look for good
has the best boxing right down the aisle
I thought I think it's dad totally hands
down oh my gosh what is this who left an
empty water ball Carla look away - face
I've made a large mess this morning
that's right you know what I'm thinking
yep you know it on first day school
everybody's high school oh it's time for
detours up it's needed outta time yeah I
don't want to touch it you gotta get a
healthy breakfast in so that your body's
- at maximum oh it's like its first day
of doggy school - we got we got some
doggies in the house come on everybody
out no doggies in the house let's go
Bronx eating Zeke's breakfast don't go
on get out of here
that's what mommy said get out morning
cuz baby now we got bad fellas listen
babe wanna make it breakfast sky already
graduated one way smarter than you guys
so glad to go back to school so glad I
have a great education and a good job
and a bright future ahead of me doctor
go through all that learning and social
awkwardness of school ah
so glad
with it yeah fine no I did love school
school was like some of the best years
of my life it's like a built-in party
every day I show up oh it's up she's
your party at school there's a get out
stupid ice okay hey guys welcome to
tricks in hat going about good school
we're gonna go out the door knocked
every bus and everyone's gonna be like
oh look at that cool girl on my mother
definitely gone chicks is icon stop it
she's like she got a glitch she's just
trying to please her father that doesn't
cool
this is sweet formal it matches your
backpack yo
should I get my dessert I know you'll
get dessert you get fruit natural sugars
a bag of grapes you don't get dessert on
your lunch dessert isn't a thing that
you give with every meal Lucas so once
in a while after dinner situation not
every time you eat food you get desserts
like okay I had some food where's
dessert know how it works all right
there they go
our daughters are leaving to their first
day of school eat your toast
don't you love mom's toast it is really
that's why when I Gavin over didn't
finish his talk one of us which is a
kinds of it
oh that's dishonest you don't hide tacos
from the bus driver good it has begun
first day of school pictures remember
when we were in elementary school we
read so much hope about the future and
excitement about our lives and we're so
cute and sassy dad was always funny you
remember those days
listen we need you know to shot and
we're do some over the shoulders and
some close-ups you got about another 20
minutes before you leave for the bus oh
look who's here bright and early
good morning Gavin Butler did you snow
good rockin me something cologne smell
and handsome Luke thus getting some
shots head shots before you go out the
door this is what I look like in second
grade can't make a put the jacket on but
you know I'm not that kind of cool okay
this is sad this is the first time that
you guys are gonna be at the same school
oh say bye to your brother smells good
what is that
Dioner first and middle school Gavin
will be busy making love you guys bye
love you and love you Rufus have a good
day okay bye I love you have a great day
bye bye - bye bye yeah buh-bye buh-bye
buh-bye yeah goodbye bye now bye bye Mia
buh-bye buh-bye didn't we like yeah he
like yeah
middle school you ready do you have any
girlfriends legal have after the first
day like six maybe maybe one in each
class start first i school first axe
good morning horsies look the horses are
awake guys first day of school first day
of school
everybody school on a school what also
at the bottom do you guys think I can
skateboard down to the bus stop without
crashing do you let's try it we go baby
here we go bombing this thing
zeikos going too fast it's too steep
this just all right that's too fast I'm
gonna get out like this
rocks I wrecked Rob's are a correct
babe I hurt myself I'm sure I saw it
coming a mile away
okay here we go
mush woman flush down the quads this is
one everyday sled push by the end of the
first trimester is that a pregnancy
thing whatever you're gonna be you guys
mommy's yards not pregnant no no
absolutely not James there kitty James
James I kidding Oh it'll run away James
come back he doesn't want to cut off
James don't like to cuddle before
feeding time he likes his feeding time
first and then he knows : hon James II
all right collect remember how tall you
were in the sixth grade your big old son
look I'm excited to hang this guy up
in the sky up it's a big day first day
of middle school ready ok by 7th grade
you'll definitely be taller than your
mom yeah okay sure but first you Gavin
I'm gonna go play a game of rocket
League that's what you do on the first
day of school maybe that's a good idea
waiting pictures first day in middle
school
see memories knock it off with the
coolness so cool awesome so cool all
right
flex it know what's going on inside
there you go there we go high school I
gotta edit the video so you guys can
watch it okay I do that now all right
now that Gavin's in middle school his
bus leaves like 40 minutes after the
girls so I think we could get a few
games of rocket league in every morning
before school Gavin seriously what have
we said we have to play three games of
rocket League every day before all of
your middle school and then by the end
of your sixth grade year you'll be the
best rocket playable in the world
I played online yesterday I scored my
very first charity game play goal online
against some like just people it was
cool of like my very first online goal
with charity game play all right here we
go we played two matches before school
to get some rocket League fuel in your
bones well crap Gavin already scored a
goal on me first freaking goal go yeah
it's rocket League before school dang it
Gavin one well is that's a good way to
start the first day of school by beating
your dad at a video game let's go you're
trouble I hope you get in trouble at
school principal yells you
get him get him
hey I've tried to upload my vlog and
Dax's in here and he wants me to take
him for a motorcycle ride
as I said how do you want so you come he
attacks it forbidden it's Lenny hid in
order to hide under my desk as whether
he's turned into my dad is this true
you a daddy's boy say yes I am dad turn
yours on it there no go for a motorcycle
ride huh oh well thank you have to wait
till the vlogs up
let's country guys ride one pumpkin he
could planter the desk you go over the
desk
listen you come here come here come here
all right this is a present that I got
at vlogger fair a girl knitted these
look at me blue eyes you're adorable say
thank you can you say thank you thank
you thanks for the Hat thanks for the
Hat I like it it keeps my ears water can
you say that
yeah keeps my ears work what else you
try to keep warm
you Berber get your head out of your
pants it's got a lot of things that are
goes each ad I love you I love you so
much you're adorable and have you to
bring your pie Oh daddy come here you
can work with Daddy you can work with
Daddy we're gonna find the thumbnail
there's a bit thumb down I think this
might be a good one hat say thanks for
the Hat hat all right we're uploading
the vlog where 34%
I got spider-man
here's some of those gloves dude Wow
what are those spider-man gloves yeah
what do they do they make noises and
shoot webs yeah when you you reckon them
to keep sing oh so you don't have to do
it
see when I was a kid and we were
pretending to be spider-man every time
being Casey would run around we'd be
shooting webs we'd have you stop stop
stop stop with our mouths and I got very
tiring and now you have glove technology
to do it for you dang lucky oh snap the
spider-man gloves rockin there he goes
he's like the flash huh Dax Damon is he
fast oh there he is
Brock Butler mr. superhero himself very
go boy all right spider-man do nice jump
you saving the people in the city
there he goes I love you let's see your
best karate moves - that's a good one as
he are you shooting a web right there
it's at a web shoot whoa Dax where you
going
you get to show your best karate moves
that's a good spin of rock can you do a
high kick hope all right that you meant
to do that I know do that's yep seen it
I've never seen that actually done in
real life before though just movies the
spin tornado kick web shoot fall wow
that was a good high kick those awesome
get your karate dude : I'm getting I'm
getting schooled in here sidekick do you
like there's me ride moves these are the
moments for making me jury these are all
that we got babe these moments Trevor
there you go oh dude I need to do me
some freaking karate moves hold this
camera young lady sweet
check out Joker's up his new book it has
my name in here Joey thanks for telling
in your book denier somebody tweeted me
78 all right
we're 50% upload check it out we're
gonna live soon everybody soon bye :
it goes up tomorrow you can't watch it
till tomorrow sorry no sneak peeks all
right guys it is time for the kids to be
home from school I'm just waiting for
them to come for the door so how was
your first day
normal pack of candy like a No plus I
get the very end lucky I can't wait to
hear all about it I was you guys first
day yeah you look sharp gage nice hair
good it's like squishy right there I'm
sorry Derek squishy I can't wait to hear
all right guys check out what I just
found James found himself a really cozy
nook you like that cozy nook James oh
you're so cute
like I wanted to sleep because it
matches my eyes oh yeah he does yeah
he's so pretty
he's very pretty harm from all I love
them all with five children it's a blast
you know what I don't mind them all with
all my kids did you have 50 cents if I
didn't have the littlest kiss then it
would be miss fun this is what my kids
do they don't use the toys for the
purpose they're intended they climb on
top of the toys back Stan
are you driving where are you driving us
two minutes when we leave he's gonna
freak out you at least he's enjoying his
life right now
here let me see I can't fit in there he
wants you to step back okay there you go
dancin you're driving parties the
Shaytards party truck okay daddy is
doing oh my goodness they've popped up
again over come on does it look like a
makeup
yeah if it looks like I'm wearing makeup
it's because I am we just shot something
up in the studio
honey that's like the first skit video
we shot frog with some clothes how do
you look at Brock I can't show you he's
naked Heat oh my gosh he's dancing with
his headphones on this room is clean let
me show you anyways we just shot
something up in the studio and it
required me to wear a bit of make and uh
it might be going on TV the thing that
we made I'm excited I'm excited excited
you look so pretty
did you think I looks pretty I think
it's funny that you're probably gonna
use my makeup remover it's on there I
took a shower it's not coming off yeah
doesn't did you use my cleaning here no
I just scrubbed it ever okay sorry you
sleeping hey how was your first day of
school I didn't get a final I mean was
it good did you love it alright let's
see this room the boys room is clean
Brock Brock's dancin he got his jammies
on he's over here dancin what are you
jumping out to over there it's rock all
right well this is the boys room
do you love it - do you like your new
room is it fun do you like you get your
roommates with dab rock your name what's
your name brother back
I know come on we're going to bed you're
not taking toys out anyways here's the
boys bedroom they're sharing a room
there best of buddies when the room oh
is that right yeah it's fun to play oh
I'm so sorry
I'm gonna keep it down school night my
dad trying to keep it down let's go say
goodnight to Gavin a navy according okay
Avia challenged me to a back handspring
contest I could do it yeah oh I do on
the ground okay yeah your champion and
I'm a chubby guy stop it just do it okay
just like a Mack Flynn clear five feet
hold on I seriously gotta turn the
camera off the minute I got here okay he
is stretching he is stretching seriously
you can't be 35 years old and just do a
back handspring not putting at least 28
seconds of stretching in school far more
so you can get shaycarl you can do this
I believe in you yeah oh yeah I really
am getting nervous for you I got your
money
Oh are you okay
statue go into it you're too tall is
what's the thing just backflip it
kicking alright watch the pro let's see
it
you did it easy cheesy okay alright so
uh first day of school how was it great
did you have fun you liked it
okay cost of my teachers better oh snap
she's got the best teacher well I love
you guys
good first day of school yeah Kevin's in
middle school he's got a bunch of
teachers alright love you guys you're
not the first day of school the first
day of school it all depends whether you
look cool or you're a fool on the first
day of school really what matters is
your confidence level and if you believe
in yourself and if you're kind and
loving and generous to other people and
forgiving and tender-hearted those are
all things that will make you cool and
not a fool on your first day of school
word don't drool wicked wicked click on
yesterday's vlog thanks for watching and
if you want to see what the Shaytards
been doing every single day for the last
six years have we had a first day of
school every single day for the last six
years maybe cuz this is Gavin's first
day of sixth grade so did we have to go
back and look do we have a first day of
school kindergarten or first grade for
Gavin I don't know to the vault to the
shaitaan spots we must find it that's
the cool thing about this library of
life videos we can go back through the
years and see all the different first
days of school and this was a very
memorable one we hope yours is too thank
you so much for thumbs enuf it helps
when you guys leave a thumbs up and you
comment and you share it like you put it
on Facebook or you're like hey grandma
check out this new video it's hilarious
it's the Shaytards put it on the TV
let's watch it every night
together for the rest of our lives when
you do things like that that helps we
appreciate it so very muy mucho gracias
we love you guys and we'll see you
tomorrow yeah Friday there'll be a vlog
tomorrow because we love you okay
buh-bye
