hi I'm logging here in for years to come
alright we're just listening to Dave
Ramsey in the car getting ready to do a
little bit of furniture shopping just a
little bit I've decided I want to get
the basement ready well before Christmas
obviously I'm Way ahead of time but I
just wanted to get it ready so that we
can play downstairs I want to have a
basement where we can play but it's not
like oh don't do that you're going to
knock something up the wall don't touch
that don't do that like I want to be
somewhere where we can play a little bit
rougher than we can upstairs so that's
my plan is to get an entertainment
center that has doors that we can close
off the TV and then to just have
beanbags down there so that we can just
move them off to the side or jump on
them or whatever so that's the plan
Party Central
here we go you ready have√°-- yeah just
smiliness what is Oh whoo delish well we
did not have luck today nobody has what
I need I'm kind of not okay so we had no
luck finding what I was looking for but
you know what but we did find chicken
sandwiches I'd really hope yeah there's
a lot of people here so crowded right
now
we own this place yeah they went I love
you thanks for hanging out with me the
other kids went with some friends the
other two were with a babysitter I'm the
only she's the only one that wanted to
hang out with me is that how it went
sure and you know what every chicken
sandwich needs yes i won
especially in the summertime I love
Tomatoes guys on tomatoes I'm basically
anything yep pretty much anything hey
yeah we're gonna play play
yeah he just woke up and we are going to
a church activity
what oh I'm excited because we're going
to the church for an activity I'm going
to making superhero capes and superhero
masks and we're going to be superheroes
and slimes yeah you want to fly up like
yeah it's a mother-son activity and we
did this last year you guys remember we
did a pirate activity and I made a shark
watermelon shark and now we're doing it
again and I'm a little bit bummed
because of course Kevin's playing
football again and he can't be with us
but you know yeah football oh sorry
all right let's go make any superhero
Stephanie food and punch the Shh good
guy okay good my goodness is dinner so
awesome looks super strength we've got
fruit pounds
super dogs over here Oh wonder dogs
you're right wonder dog and my favorite
are these balloons with NASA
like a Batman there was a yeah those are
cool and then Captain America shield I
think I need myself a Captain America
shield tonight I do
I feel super strong now let's see your
superpower wisdom that is the best
superpower you could have you know that
means what means you're very smart and
you know things if it says wisdom it's a
best superpower because it is you're
right this is data for his courageous
courage all right we made some math
check them out let's go make some capes
now my Dax did let's see it oh you're so
cool I love it
where's your spider do you want to glue
the spider on to it or you just want to
play with the spider oh did you get shy
yeah you get shot by spider-man okay
check out my superheroes you guys are so
cool yeah we are super cool yeah let's
get a picture guys you guys like it
cool huh hey guys so we're just hanging
out with family it's one of my nephew's
birthday parties so we're just hanging
out it's a beautiful sunny day there's a
breeze though there's a lot of smoke in
the air I don't know if you can tell
like look over the horizon there those
trees it's kind of murky looking because
there's fires burning look at these
cousins you guys are rock climbing
cousins time oh do you need help
rock I think you should get down and
then put go down on one me like this and
she can climb on your knee try that you
guys are so cute what'd you say this is
lon I'm Miranda video if he's annoying
to success oh then you have oh he left
you guys he seriously was laughing until
he saw that I was spelling it I just got
embarrassed
okay I mean is this crime you can't do
it again your city means it's her if
he's annoyed thanks Miranda he's a movie
um we've been watching around the base
videos a lot and the kids keep popping
her I decided I just do that watch its
he's annoyed today ma'am if he's
annoying just do that cuz he doesn't
know how to stand up and it will take
him a while so you can get like a snag
no no no no no no okay guys I found out
what summer is all about oh yeah that's
nice it's like a smoker grill thing this
is my brothers he's really into cooking
and grilling and pretty much making
things awesome he's like Katie Katie and
my brother Ralph can cook I'm jealous
but I'm not really jealous so I'm gonna
get to eat this that's gonna be on he's
like a lot of mine I guess though why
you camera shy though look well you got
a sweet four-wheeler in the back so you
don't have to be camera shy this is what
happens when you're on my country good
to see lots of the animals bunny see a
bunny jacketed bunny
mr. bunny dude nobody does like this
look
Miley's estate Oh cake okay show me your
bunny nose again is that good
cupcakes want me to help you thank you
where's the bunny did it go away oh oh
bunny what bye bye bye bye bunny and the
blood-red Sun burns bright at night so
cool right so just rhyme it I didn't
mean to oh so pretty
Wow I love it
just welcome tonight would you look I
love Idaho that's cool oh my gosh it is
really cool you guys we got Cuyler hair
she's awesome
you might hear some quotes from the back
from Miranda sings I could drill it all
coding or anything that's fun really
cool alright guys now it's fun go home I
ate maybe a little too much chocolate
cake what dog can you see the Sun what
color is it
it's rare red it's pretty huh just go
they're pretty jester go good morning to
you good morning to you how are you go
ahead that is so loud I can hear you
Selena Gomez coming through the
earphones do you know what that means it
means you need to turn that down cuz if
you're putting out on your ears it's
gonna blow your brains out
this is real Honda me Miranda
alright did you say Rolanda that's
another funny youtube video I think you
were thinking Miranda
so we are getting a phone call that's
not what I was thinking
hello no this is mom she's calling me I
meant I'm in the house you could just
walk to the room that I'm in okay bye
she left Olivia she's calm sea ice
actually I don't know why she's gone
she's trying to call Dabish she dialed
the wrong number
anyways there she is hi pretty girl
come dance okay here's what I was going
to say probably can't use me to put
 oh I can hear it that's very
loud okay what I was going to say is we
are getting ready to make a big
transition in our house there are little
boys and they're growing up and we're
going to have the boys share room and
Emmy is finally going to get her own
room how do you feel about this whole
room situation excited you are yeah she
originally said she wanted to paint it
below but I'm like you know what we just
painted these rooms not too long ago I'm
not ready to paint a room again so if
you want to move the room now then you
can have greens but if you don't want it
green then you're gonna have to wait for
a while because I'm not ready to do that
so she's like I don't care I like green
so she's gonna move into the green room
and the boys are gonna have the big blue
room I'm hoping that that will cut down
on some of the mess because I will know
where it's coming from
I'll have a better idea and there's less
I feel like it's easier to mesh the boy
toys together because it doesn't have to
be separated but in this room I feel
like Emmys and Brock's stuff have to be
separated because it's like clearly they
do not like the same things but Jackson
and Brock love the same thing so it
won't have to be as as divided I guess
yeah me and Brock always make like sides
I'm like
yeah this is yours like you see on that
bed and this is my type
mm-hmm and I was like no that's yours no
I don't want to take it up I'm sure that
none of you have ever thought with your
siblings like neither of you hmm
what oh I sure in bed I love you too
where you going I'm sickness yes I'm
here what how may I help
hi so we're just discussing the room
situation what's happening
room switcheroo flip riding is fun
Stefan big times huh I want to switch it
around where who five W's sure sure a
lot of stuff happening guys we're gonna
chop our heads off your hair Hey so the
boys are sharing rooms Brock and Dax and
Rufus gets her own now all you haters
out there like why doesn't he get around
room well now she does so move and for
all you haters out there that they don't
know that you didn't really want to be
alone before but now you're ready Frank
excited have your own room yeah when I
we were gonna move here and like I'm
doing be scared and but then the first
night I slept and look Brock stop being
so loud a realization had been had okay
like why you have to light on then she's
like maybe I don't want to share well
welcome to living with a roommate bro
get used to it all right well let me get
your own room that's exciting
Jesus has happy so it means the crib
goes out and Elsa comes in the snow
glows white in Emma's room tonight okay
all right well it's not morning anymore
and we haven't made it very far but
we've got a lot of other things done so
you know yours day out that's expensive
oh it's Larry was it blurry on me yeah
Chris have to wait
as much pain okay so wait wait for it to
focus and we focused yet okay so now
we've got Emma's bed taken down we're
getting ready to move that out of here
Brock's bed over to that corner and then
bring the crib into this corner because
that's where Brock said he wanted to try
out this corner so we're going to put
ducks in here gasps it'll be right here
right yay baby right a bit better I know
guys it's a mess working on it just kind
of know what setting to put it on babe I
don't really know what to say anymore so
okay look it's got the smiley faces
it's nothing here - honey don't put that
in the walk oh yeah we got it girls
working even scratch the walls did you
at all oh okay wait we've got to move
that stuff off the walls cuz but we can
leave probably probably the cars ones
are high enough but like the calendar
will have to move and those other things
you could probably leave Olaf yeah oh
man it's okay we'll fix it later just
whooping sillies well maybe well maybe
we'll rearrange the Olaf yeah I don't
know let's just put the crib there good
job ladies I didn't even know a thing to
do that way just he just took it and
went with it do you want your little
brother to share a room with you hey
Daxton what do you think that's your bed
are you excited to have your bed in here
are you nervous oh my god like I don't
know seriously these girls are my movers
I haven't moved okay okay I moved one
thing but they've moved more things than
me seriously calm and tears with the
Shaytards yeah you're so funny
that was mine then oh it used to be
resonate with doctors and now both of
yours
oh hey hiding I can't leave me I'm on
top okay wait we're putting the shelves
in the drawers this baby with you is it
on mom
yes all right we're just learning how to
brush and spit okay let's do it again
ready ah ready
okay that's my club you got a brush a
little fresh a fresh fresh fresh thanks
boys
cute you're doing so good Richie was
getting keen groom
he's like I'm ready he's good at you
dress are you getting ready to sleep in
your new room
all right you go last night last night
of summer it's over how do you guys feel
about 2015 officially wrapped I guess
ready to start school tomorrow
yeah what's most nervous about tomorrow
what you guys nervous number one thing
you're nervous about anything
I hope my teacher likes me only of
course your teacher will love you what
Gavin getting a locker buddy it is like
lanceolate Walker buddy what would make
him wait oh maybe takes up all the space
you decorous he decorates it boom today
mixed lockers Boise girls I know
something fabulous so I just wanted to
offer you have to share it
mm-hmm looks like there's different like
you got a shell I got a shell there's
like right two hooks you could get a
locker hog the sloppy Locker hog is
definitely a problem don't be his floppy
Locker told me that last year like he
had like a like a Walker's Walker
tightener but then like on the first day
like he like gosh it's work for some
reason so we had his own locker yeah
sweet cool right yeah Dax and we're
locking buttons in high school oh that's
my room gag being your escapee boy him
and brokkr Locker buddies now all right
we're gonna say a prayer and get these
kids to bed because we got to get up
early tomorrow
first I school birthday so everybody's
cool on the bike day school first day
school birthday school everybody's cool
on diversely always cooler so pick one
take it an hour an extra 30 minutes yeah
my bus what you get you have more
homework separate black okay all right
bye guys and just like that another
section of our lives has begun another
year another scholastic term to learn
and to grow knowledge will embed into
the brains of my small babies and they
will overtake the world and control it
too huh that's why I'm trying to have so
many small armies you know I get a
strong army to overtake the world
anyways thanks for watching the
Shaytards logs sorry missed a few days
was traveling had a root canal and then
yesterday we did the live show when
we're doing the podcast and I got a
little you know ahead of myself and I
was acting all loopy woopty doopty on
the podcast and then all sudden the
drugs wore off and I wasn't feeling so
hot then had a big ol pounding headache
my tooth was killing me and I just
didn't feel like editing so man
borsch a thanks for watching click on
thumbs over I can all yesterday's video
and if you want to see the podcast where
we talk about going back to school and
you are headed back to school very soon
check out the mystery buddy the biddy of
that Collette click on her face mystery
vlog mystery video it's the podcast of
me and Colette talking about
back-to-school tips and how you can make
friends and feel confident and happy and
excited about the new school year ok so
click on that and go check out that
podcast and help you out a lot love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow it's the
first day of school
