you're eight years old what have you
learned with your life tell us about it
enough back to the drawing board back
back to life and learn stuff James what
are you up to young man oh oh it's a cat
bird situation we got going on here
kitty kitties yeah mom McKee these
kitties kitties James are you trying to
catch the bird don't lie to me are you
gonna be friendly with him are you gonna
eat him
don't trip bro well bird sometimes birds
are dumb they get stuck in our garage
and they try to get out the window and
they don't realize they go out that
giant door right there Tuesday is such a
special one it's birthday time what are
you guys doing it's not his birthday
it's Robert Oh watch out for the door
happy birthday happy birthday it's your
birthday to you oh wait we can't think
now there's any birthday she is a
eight years old wall I was gonna throw
her hi babe how would have been about my
gosh happy birthday I threw the
chandelier
okay looky poof you're 8 years old what
have you learned with your life tell us
about it I don't know back to the
drawing board back back to life and
Lawrence son I gotta go crazy
okay the kids are in the car I've got
Amy's present this is the main present
that she asked for this is the one we're
giving her to at the birthday party but
we have a few other presents for over
there she'll probably get a few presents
from her friends so I figured we'll just
wait and have her open those later but
this is the name once Julie guys she
calls her Jolie her name's Julie all
right here's a nice birthday present
they just went back to play laser tag
we're gonna see if we can get any shots
of them saying lay the bag and I think
guess who's the most excited to play
Shay I want Bailey's protect tribal
taking years but you know he's not old
enough to come in there with me Emma do
you want to play I'm gonna go watch him
play laser tag to go see him play laser
tag for a minute let's close up I don't
see any of them
flashes of light that was jay-z blogging
he's got his phone no what is he doing
you think he is little liquid glowing
napkin guys you know the best part about
this laser town area oh look there's
gallon ah it's my toe
that's the best part you see them go
crazy too bad it doesn't count when you
hit me thank you I just got to the
birthday party just in time oh my
goodness all the teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles out there the pizza is here all
the kids are playing laser tag I just
came out I played two games got a little
too sweaty so I decided to leave the
third game to help collect get the pizza
ready for the kids look they're just
coming out right now all right birthday
girl 55
did you win really you guys won whoo
dude I was too tired I was so sweaty did
you guys win you beat the blue team I'd
won two games red team won two they beat
you guys I I thought you guys were the
three oldest you could handle all the
little kids I leave you guys alone and
you let the little kids dominate any I
got high school player two times I know
I still play two times two two times two
equals four math school starts tomorrow
oh look it's the birthday aunt how we do
I always the pizzas here we'll get some
pizza Hey look there's your cousin you
want to go play with your cousin okay go
get beats is here pizza's here
hi I'm here I know that's why I said I'm
here to work both like dude this is
laser tag crew goals right here happy
birthday check it out top players the
whip in number 100 Kevin
20200 voice Cabot butter first please
there's gage look at him all style Queen
shooting star I never got a picture Dale
atlatl
is awesome that's a fitting song to sing
during a birthday candle lighting
session Cooper's with me there we go
what's your wish have you thought about
your wish yeah you did you really have
one specifically picked out she can't
tell you because it's against a wish
oh I hate those wish laws of each every
time Oh babes ready to go okay guys we
practice this phase ready to go
Emma lupus happy birthday to you happy
birthday birthday honey do you like this
you asked for a frozen cake so you got
it and it's frozen so we can't eat it
for six hours okay exactly it's
literally frozen we took you for your
work
yeah just big you wants to open brother
okay which one you want right you won't
open first Emmy this one no this one
okay maybe we should move the cake wait
okay we're gonna try this up okay is
everyone a piece
hey what do you want what piece do you
want pick which piece you want it's your
choice
but run this on your cake you want the
happy birthday I mean she wants a blue
okay so oh toxic if you want that's his
fingerprints picture what's the happy
birthday Emmy with the thing placed upon
there with Gary love she said
imagine her birthday present from Cooper
she already through the 20 out that he
gave her and then he up to where the
birthday had he said you have to wear
the birthday hat Cooper would you get
all those presents do quick stop a
maverick on the way over the bday party
honest candy and cash and money in that
order for sugars one money when she runs
out of sugar than she wants she wants
more money to buy more sugar yeah happy
birthday all right next present what's
this one from the big sister did you buy
this with your own money
oh we have an excited face finally but
she's been waiting for so they had a
restaurant they started they started a
restaurant I know they deliver fine
foods to me in my office many days
through the week I'm working she's
excited what do you tell your sister
EVER big old fat hug oh that's a good
birthday hey look what's that
thank you she's very nice and Sadie made
that she's a jewel wrist that's not the
right word dude that's cute
that is like a magickal syringe all
right lupus here it is what do you think
it is Julie's been waiting in the box
she keeps screaming let me out let me
out but we study at the wait till Emmys
birthday you were to be five Brock knew
it
happy birthday where's she going she's
out here oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I want
one of those come here oh yeah thank you
happy birthday I love you do you like it
that's been up in my shop for like two
weeks I've been hiding it for mom let me
see hi you can come out now happy bird
what is when you open these when you
like first open the box they went oh hey
good morning she's like a hippie doll
yeah that's what you wanted you wanted a
hippie tall are you gonna do drugs
enemies oh great we'd have a hot tub
happy birthday
do you like it she looks just like you
Wow you have to dive in there to get
that present what is it
Oh more sugar a sugar dispensing device
great can those do the gross ones too we
could do the jelly bean challenge you
guys done that like the vomit ones you
want to eat a vomit jelly bean all right
sure bro
good present bravely thank you now you
have to come over and make jelly beans
for us every day say it's a cotton candy
maker where's that the Jelly Belly's
okay oh so it's cotton candy I see so
like you can get a bomb at jelly bean
and it makes no way so that's all you
have to do is just put the jelly beans
in there
technology is amazing look what
technology can do we can turn jelly
beans in the pot wait could you make God
but you could do that in the 1990s hey
let me see her let me see her doll
what is her name again Yoli Julie let me
see she's beautiful I'm sorry I made fun
of you Julie you are welcome to the
family she's beautiful are you so
excited you could tell him he loves her
she wanted one so bad Julie and accent
have the same color hair cake time it's
cake time
happy birthday cake let me to hold her
I can set her over here if you want you
want to set her somewhere oh-ho there
come on Julie come with me come to a
safe place happy birthday I love you
rock don't touch Julie okay this doll
your sisters someone threatening with
his life not of your birthday parties
wait till we get home not in public
Julie don't turn people in public with
their life Julie I mean I'm gonna set
her in her box okay Julie's chilling in
her box she's waiting for you to finish
your cake Cooper
you have been practicing haven't you oh
dude it's ridiculous what game were you
playing I always wondered how fast it
would start going you had like a
periodic okay let's get ready watch how
fast it gets go ready don't you love a
fresh and cut grass Zeke of course he
does seem shake his head he knows
exactly what I said oh that's crazy
no he's like yes Shay I like fresh-cut
grass let's let's talk about it I like
how it smells just got another vlog up
dude you guys this computer right here
five and a half years probably almost
six years to I've done so much on this
baby Nathan see the birthday girl dude
is it is it milkshake thirty is it
milkshake thirty on the baby towards
birthday so we're eating milkshakes set
an Oreo milkshake rocky an Oreo
milkshake its milkshake thirty and
apparently we're watching a movie Zeke
you do not get a milkshake you guys
watch this movie last night you watch it
again
well listen it's your birthday guess
what you get to do on your birthday what
you say whatever I want to do that yeah
well not whatever you can't ride the
motorcycle naked but if you put a helmet
on you can huh what are you eating is
that candy yeah yeah we do have like a
pound count how much candy of wheat and
today do we know yet how much cotton
candy did you eat every is like one
thing one thing will you promise to
brush your teeth really good tonight
pinky swear me here hold on wait wait
huh
pinky swear hey case where you're gonna
brush him really good k for two full
minutes promise say - I'm gonna count k
no no for a full song I'm gonna put a
song on my phone and you have to brush
your teeth during the whole song okay
slumber party with the cousins oh my
goodness
talk to me what's going on over here how
many of these have we made
for cake what if we stuck the cotton
candy on the cake
and then we just stuffed like the head
butted it and without my open mouth
we head-butted the cotton candy cake
with an open mouth we could try that
folks bobbin just lack oh oh I dropped
the camera trying to get that kickflip
hurkos mmm whoa check out the horses of
chasing the cows I just missed it one of
the horses are chasing the cows cash
money you chasing them cows again he's
getting bored we need to saddle him up
and take him for a ride so we got a lot
going on tonight it's Emma's birthday
but all the tricks and crews up here
because we're getting ready for vlogger
fair and for playlist lives we're like
trying to get aligned on who's all going
and like how much stuff we're gonna take
out and like how big of a booth are we
gonna build and stuff so the crews up
here for a little while and then we're
gonna have a movie night for Emmys
birthday I promised her a big movie
night and then she's having a slumber
party with all our cousins
they're really dragging this summer out
what they do got like one or two more
days so big slumber party birthday party
baby dark night slash trips a group
meeting video game frenzy we are gonna
play some rocket League got we're cousin
KC's here what's up KC the cousin
this is KC Butler the second Brett's
here Aaron's here rock Utley we're rock
oh ho you have plugged Rock Utley Dayalu
plug druggie we are out quietly Logan
Logan Sarah Blake and Danny setting up
the livestream for rocket League
gameplay all right so we're skyping in
Sam Nozik Sam's in Salt Lake is he's
flying out to vlogger fair tomorrow
we're having a trixin meeting and he's
walking her um so knock it off we should
make Sam go do something to somebody a
public she'll us a temple there is defi
assembly hall we're splitting straws Oh
Brigham Young this is the spot there's
Sam in Salt Lake City all right well
we're using technology to do our
business so apparently we have more
presence the birthday girl is getting
more are these all oh my goodness Rach
do you know what time it is right now
you want to show them what time it is
what time gap Kaylie what time is it
don't all day Amy's birthday party
started today at 11 a.m. we've been
celebrating your birthday for 12 hours
straight
Winston Butler mr. party animals up mr.
blue eyes himself so after this we have
another pizza party another cake and
other set of candles more wishes
another slumber party and then we'll
have another round of presence around 6
a.m. we're gonna head to IHOP and get
some chocolate chip pancakes and then
we'll just start all over again cat you
ready uh a lead on spending a soccer
ball here we go open those presents
lupus yep let me hold her hold her mm a
grab her by the hair and try to be silly
but I know how much you love her so I
will not even dare I will respect this
young lady this is the Julie Campbell
head the present here ladies and
gentlemen thanks your children so
sometimes one eye closes huh I don't
mind that but the first present here is
I think it's a oh my gosh we yes it what
it is it's an oh my gosh what is it
having hot chocolate ever slumber party
too so I can use this snow glows white
on the mountain tonight no no chocolate
in your car of isolation the wind is
howling nose bone inside heaven knows I
tried
oh my bad watch your language what is it
let me see it okay so she's in that
outfit all right Julie you sit here
girlfriend
you sit there girlfriend you Chilean
I saw with all the sarcasm around me
what is it I've been wanting the
swimsuit for her first so why is this
hair combed at 11 o'clock at night rock
dance party yeah a dance party if you
have like s'mores and stuff what are you
guys drinking in your Red Solo cups
seriously whoa what's going on here it's
dangerous ahead I've always wanted worse
well you get what you want cuz you're
spoiled I mean we love you what was it
how does it go I'm teasing I'm glad you
got the dress you always wanted I've
sure got these at the same time I got
abs and I was gonna get them to refer
you've been saving them in a box
somewhere like where we've had these
presents for seven months
they downstairs no they were in a box is
removed alright so we've had them since
California and you're just finding them
now well that's pretty cool I guess
good I'm glad you found him okay you got
some slippers I like oh click them
together three times and what happens
Brock Brock if you click the red ruby
slippers together three times what
happens Australia haha no what happens
do you know any what do you say there's
no place like there's no place like it's
like what he is talking about anyways
next present okay here's the laser tag
picture from today from the package
I always want one of these Barbies with
those big dresses it's so cute
it's so goody
you know who it is right happy birthday
Emmy Lou ffice Magoo face Butler I love
you eight years old such a big girl I'm
so proud of her it's crazy to see these
kids grow up huh you guys have been with
us the whole time
Emmy has probably like gone through the
biggest change through the years that
we've made YouTube videos so I was just
running to make this head slate I forgot
to do it out the end slides of animation
it's like but I was writing anyway stays
watch today's video happy birthday Amy
Butler everybody wish her happy birthday
in the comments leave a thumbs up click
on yesterday's vlog and if you want to
suit the Shaytards i've been doing every
single day for the last six years I bet
you there's somewhere on the screen
right now you can click unless you're on
a mobile device when you have to go to
those video descriptions below we love
you guys we thank you for all that you
do to be part of our family in this
community well Susan happy birthday to
you what a celebration of life huh this
is a great end slide to pink I like it
happy birthday Lucas give me kiss I love
you
