whoa my dude we got some cool stuff in
the mail today I like when we get
packages in the mail cuz that's my
favorite word and it's fun to get new
packages a charge lunchbox available now
and backpacks check it out maker shop
this package is gonna solve a lot of
fighting we have had a lot of fighting
and screaming punching open that up show
what it is there has been a seriously
sometimes I'll be in here editing or
uploading or shaving or whatever I'm
doing in here I'm doing it like tooth
and nail scratchy to the death fighting
and it's Daxton and brock well it's
mostly gas yeah dude that cute rock has
the scooter the dachshund walk yeah so
we said let's get another freakin
scooters mother listen to this so Brock
I said to him blessed little Brock's
heart I said Brock you give him the
scooter please and then we ordered you
another one and it's coming and he's
been asking every single day dad is my
scooter dad was a scooter here and then
we thought it's gonna come on Saturday
it didn't so then Sunday and now here it
is Monday ha ha
thank you thank you
what's your scooter green art go tell
bra he's gonna be pumped he's been
asking so much Brock Brock guess what
your scooters here Brock
they got the music blast let's go down
there I think they're cleaning and
they're blasting music it's crazy
oh wait Oh where's Brock Uli's um go get
him what're you guys doing go tell Brock
is scooters here hustle did you guys
want to go and tell him
yeah come on run down there and see
that's what's great bad with kids you
don't have to run as much you can like
send them on errands here dude come in
come here just got here are you excited
do you like it it's cool green dude I
love that green fill those handles it
has orange on it
do you like it your own scooter Jackson
this is Brock's okay ladies Jackson this
is Brock scooter K did you have your
scooter and now Brock has this scooter
dude that's awesome scooter scoot to to
Luton Jackson go get yours and then you
guys can race look there's yours blue
and green cool okay Jackson get on yours
let's go let's have a race it's a
scooter race let's go which is Grace
Brock nice Dax
dude I am so happy we got two of these
Saxton dude you're good on that thing
hey Shaytards so we just got done
watching Miranda sings yoga video like
her that couples yoga video - laughs and
all the girls were like we need to try
that so the girls are trying some
couples yoga together maybe we should do
this on the carpet should we try this on
carpet I don't like to try to do couples
yoga because I'm not very limber at the
moment okay wait you can't let go until
you balance I sounded like you need to
hold your legs straight don't bend your
knees strong legs balance with your hip
like I know what I'm talking about
balance with your hips come on do the
other one that you were trying the one
where you were under each other's arms
behind you nope nope you are doing two
people I am NOT joining in on this game
wait you have to be upside down
I told you to wait okay okay try again
just do a lunge
yeah like that just do like that just
you guys can do it I believe in you
it feels like come on we are serious
we're doing this I love my daughters
guys are awesome you guys are
championing your oh my gosh look yeah
that's my laundering background though
judge try one yeah we just found this
brand new stunt a my mom's gonna spot
really quick button there's a baby
rolling into frame okay are you ready
looks really cool
hi guys going to do a stunt with all
things for the awesome and I'm eating
chocolate
you come over here I'm really strong no
you hold on the other one we got Gavin
we got Gavin look something's oka
listening to this and a via the whole
time guys it's not like dad this little
guy he's just on me today
and I've never loved you yeah he's mad
no emo have you Daxton babe I'm watching
the kids eat yogurt we started watching
Taylor Swift because we were listening
Taylor Swift so we started watching
videos and then we got on surrounded
things and then we write of things at a
yoga video so then we got onto yoga room
that is what you call in a tip vortex
well that's cool yeah they've been
working on him for a little while now
and he moved all my mic what let me see
let me see
oh wow first entry you just hit that
with your cleat hit your legs yeah did
you start crying
I like tripped geez whoa whoa
oh my whoa massage boys I want to get I
want to get you ha ha ha
dude this is gonna be such a great okay
get ready to sing whoa oh my
nods no the moon is here I mean do you
see Gavin's leg consumed turns now about
foosball has a mother that's dangerous
danger smack attack she's gonna select
pack snack attack
let is danger don't forget let it go let
it not what dinner no teeth oh yeah
dinner's ready and now we're doing other
tricks in the house do it then do
another one
Brock go fast Daxton hey Kamikaze slow
down bro there you go Oh Jackson you're
gonna break a live okay listen there's
gotta be rules
first rule wait wait wait
back there's rules everybody back let's
make sure there's rules first Brock
send ammonium in here good job
that was fast go na hey that's good he's
gonna be professional base stealer to
pitch your whites up Jackson go steal
home Jackson fuller steals home dies at
first he's safe to wit the World Series
dude you're so fast wow that was good
taxi I lied on the pillow dude dude he's
fast
all right acting go next in the baby boy
Butler I run a jump good shove Kenneth
see how far you can go go next into baby
baby baby baby baby brother jump
good job perfectly fantastic dinner by
Colette Butler the greatest mother wife
and woman of all she just pitched my bus
key Gavin let's see that leg son so you
pleaded yourself let's see
felt pretty stupid after he brought he
with what do you were like running and
your cliquing up and stabbed your leg
I jumped away and because I was like
today was the first day of pads they had
their helmet their shoulder pads they
were tackling you were hitting today did
you get hurt ever oh you mean other than
the bike of blood took me time I'm like
dad
other than that no dad that was it just
that you're tough dude alright alright
alright it's Saturday night and we are
gonna show the kids a classic that's
right bill & ted's excellent adventures
ever it's called babe but before we
watch Bill and Ted go back in time you
guys are about to watch Little Rock
Uli's show you his fast speedy running
trick okay - actually I watch out
okay everybody none other than Brock
Butler doing the wall run hold on I
gotta get this baby come not bike here
jump got my head what do they jump good
boy
ready Brock as fast as you can okay say
go do do it again he's trying to get up
jump up there run and jump and then try
to run around the entire wall and then
off run fast go Lizzie did any go no you
just got to lean you got a bank it like
a motorcycle go Brock fast legs like the
kid of the Incredibles that was good
instead of falling down I want you to go
up and run around it and then Brock hey
listen to me listen to me I want you to
run around it and then jump off and then
keep going kay so don't stop like run
around and keep going that'll look cool
nice sexy nice go go go go go go
go go
literary calorie give me a parkour dude
you watch a bet by the time Brock's in
first grade he's gonna be like that
little kid on like The Incredibles they
run really fast runs inside anyways I
don't love playing with the kids
especially when we're running on our new
furniture I'm glad mommy tart doesn't
care too much about that kind of stuff
so that we can be just kids and have fun
in the house and not worry about trying
to keep it too nice but then when we
turn the cameras off we all the kids to
clean up the freaking house where I'll
whip them with our belts but we don't
show you guys that far so don't worry
about okay okay thanks for watching
today it is a big ol birthday vlog for
Emmy tomorrow today is Emmys eighth
birthday and we'll have a big old Emmy
birthday vlog tomorrow for you guys just
wanted say love you okay thanks click on
a thing Oh new podcast is up we're also
doing live shows before the podcast
we'll go over to the wind the kids go to
sleep
YouTube podcast Channel and check that
out and we might be doing some live
streaming tonight on the CGP does
anybody know what the CGP is wink wink
click on the yesterday's video click on
that mystery button if you want to see
if the Shaytards been doing every single
day for the last six years back on those
numeric faces okay see you tomorrow bye
love you
