we're gonna take our thumb and shake our
club right now right now no I mean she's
crazy your mom been drinking the board
no but I did have a Fig Newton for
breakfast
is that okay look at some more footage
woman oh he's like he's a loser I'm out
of here I don't want to see him oh look
at where we are guys we're fagging guys
raspberries here give me my phone you
don't need that so this is a farmer we
can pick our own raspberries and then we
just pay for them after we pick them so
I'm excited I haven't grown any
vegetables this year or any fruit I
think that we have some fruit trees on
our property I honestly don't even know
what they are yet until they come in I
think we have some apples I don't know
what kind they are so I'm excited I
really want to get into planting more
things I'm excited to pick some
raspberries do you want to pick some
raspberries one nice berries you're so
cute
okay let's go find them fun picking rags
did you like it let me see your
raspberry knows you have a rudolph
raspberry nose you came up raspberry
nose gear you are you are we here
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer in a
raspberry patch
hi ila you're so pretty how many are
getting in your mouth and then you're
getting I know why hi she's so cute she
counts him hi well Daxton he's probably
just walking around enjoying the dirt
look I got some there y'all I love them
I only tried one guys we got to pay for
him but you got a test you got a sample
what you're picking right and this one's
been picked over she have to go through
the leaves to find the really right one
smooch
right there oh they're gonna be so good
oh look I thought oh yes I found a good
patch you did Wow if if I pick a bigger
one then I win
running through the raspberry patch oh
this is what summers all about did you
pick a big one too
no mom I'm just running I'm testing out
run the runway
well kids are getting tired of the
raspberry picking we got a whole hop to
slap though let me show you hot it's
really hot we should have come actually
at like 8:00 in the morning it's alright
it's like 10:00 let's see what we have
so far
ooh this is gonna be good we're gonna
freeze them and probably just eat a lot
by themselves because they're delicious
I know we might not get to freeze them
I'm excited to eat put them in smoothies
and maybe we could make some jam but I
don't know if we have enough of a jam I
love it rad nice fresh raspberries oh we
made it just in the nick of time check
out that rain the kids got really hot
and actually probably would've been
better to pick berries in the heat or in
the rain right the heat but whatever we
had fun we got some corn we got some
raspberries and peas and baby
waah want to get out take it out peace
yep II guess you make it out I will
unbuckle you bag I just heard babe get
on that Bay hey hey Bay at Shea Bay hey
bad I know you've been missing me babe
but Shea had to be away you know what I
was gonna say - love you babe anyway
ready to go this is Shea my baby lover
Shea Shea big nose in this hot off the
presses collect Paul jr. from one of my
favorite TV shows of all time just to
stop his patella phone dude I got into
this show big time especially like four
years ago when it was like senior verse
junior guys remember this this guy
builds these custom show
poppers that are like 300 like their
million-dollar motorcycles or like
pieces of artwork they're gonna be in a
museum one day anyways I tweeted him cuz
he tweeted this video him and his son
I'm like dude I was like what oh he's up
to I tweeted jokingly and sometimes it's
good to jokingly joke on the on the
inner focus I said I would like to UM
build a motorcycle and he tweeted thanks
buddy you're not too bad yourself
but if you want to do a bike you'll have
to come to the shop and help me build it
Brock you want to go build a motorcycle
with Paul jr. yeah anyways this is the
video I was just checking it out do that
so cool that's why I love the Internet
cuz oh I can't wait to tell my mom you
wanna see my mom's a huge paul jr
banshee she saw that got me into that
show all right into the car we're going
to see grandma grandpa and we're gonna
grab we're going to Grandma and
Grandpa's to have dinner don't do that
you're so cute a little what small a
little snog no we're gonna go dude we're
gonna grow my grandpa's for dinner let's
go very dark snacks do you want to see
daddy ride a motorcycle with Paul jr.
would not be cool oh say dude that's
awesome
oh wow can say cool dude that's sweet
good job to goof up all right let's go
it's done for Zeke's lunch but I was
Ikki oh babe Paul jr. tweeted me well
that's really cool you can hang out with
his with his wife me and everybody's go
ride motorcycles well that would be cool
too what what did they build a drinks
motorcycle I don't even dare say it out
loud Ezekiel it'd be too cool to be true
look I got my KLR 650 I was huge into
that show when me and Qasim got our
motorcycle drivers licenses do you guys
remember a couple years ago Harley
Davidson gave me and Qasim like some
loaner bikes for a couple months
anyways cool interaction on the Twitter
the Internet bringing people together
since Al Gore thanks buddy
gammas home George Washington and
grandma yeah I know I like that sweater
mom the orange ah the lighter on hot oh
hey I don't want to brag mom but like
Paul jr. he invited me out I was
watching him before you know I'll bring
you with me Paul can my mom come to my
mom I said that I said my mom's one who
introduced me to the show so we're here
my mom and dad's house dad me and mom
are gonna go hang out with Paul in New
York you can't do nothing about it I
know I remember at first she loved the
show because Paul senior was such a like
a rough and tough parent my mom's like I
love him I like how he just speaks his
mind I was like anyways that's cool -
it's all crap got the camera in the
tater chips Carly and Jackson are
getting married November 20th honey
video announcing I announced which I not
so ever get married anymore since
Jackson broke her phone yeah Jackson
just dropped Carly's iPhone 6 and now we
might have to postpone the day actually
was Daxton he was being cute and he was
letting Daxton hold Carly's phone and
then dachshund dropping it so oh I hate
Disney live under 63 externally sorry
since they got engaged in Disneyland on
their 60th anniversary Disneyland 60th
anniversary not theirs yet but they'll
get there oh yeah that's that's when yet
so you're really 60 years yeah that's
why you got lemon ice dude you should
rent the break-up you can read the of
Cinderella suite up there in the castle
yeah sure anyway so we buy you a bunch
of presents at Disneyland there's not
much about it yeah there's a Cinderella
suite up above the castle you didn't
know that I mess with somebody ready and
it's a Disneyland Prince back with my
diamond that is darling nobody's idea
Burt is that a good one I'd no idea
that's what they had in the store this
is very limited because it's a 60th
they'll never come out with this ever
again oh really
never no Jackson are you present - and
we got Jackson Mickey Mouse ears anyways
congratulations
uh-huh no just kidding there's a lot
more crap you don't want to wait around
for that will show you after they open
it oh right yeah one morning's aren't
pretty and this one haha
yeah flashing her other guys Congrats
are getting married
all right so leukemic goofy face is
gonna turn eight years old pretty soon
how many days three days four days what
four days all right grandma almost a G
is the present this cup camping and I
said you have to have that you do and
I'm so excited for you to see what's
inside I'm so excited to see what's
inside are you excited to see what's
inside let's do it inside let's see you
gotta be so so careful
oh it's K so so careful what is easier
made of glass and I've already broken -
oh yeah and so the legs are in the
bottom you'll see them down there purse
look oh wait you brought you broke two
of hers that you're giving her right now
horrible present here's some broken
glass kid I hope you don't cut yourself
but look at the Navy I got pretty little
princess
Theora there you go let me see turn me
is a princess looked out I love it dude
that's pretty those are all diamonds
you're on my wedding day oh and they all
get to sleep at a cupcake
sugar paradise the carton Ritz hit robot
then I had another one like they're
getting restless and she's doing this
and I was trying to because your legs
are about this much too long for box-boy
scrunched up in there snap your legs
right off so I get capitated one of them
and here the rat like what is she
looking at me soccer like well I thought
you could hang them from your body above
your bed you grab okay kakie
that's my mom yeah you can put it on the
Christmas tree I just thought they were
so sorry definitely and i saw this and i
said she has to have that crown that's
your proof / / - what is it I bought it
yesterday my god we should wrap the
Hobby Lobby Gavin Gavin Gavin
what are you watching here ladies soccer
what is this USA it's Costa Rica oh this
is international friendly game oh ouch
USA is is that eight zeros at the score
Wow okay drop the TV it's dinner time
not gonna lie to you guys I think I
liked last Sunday's dinner better one
waffle well I did
but we're gonna let's just make that
Sunday we just have waffles and let I'm
will switch up between sausage and bacon
next week we'll have bacon this doesn't
look too bad actually they're barbecue
chicken potatoes quinoa chips and it's
lunchtime I would've made what time I
think it's like two o clock what time is
it I don't know it's in the moment we're
in the eternal now a time is only matter
of invention the human space it's 140
bro hey babe
so uh did you want to wear some clothes
with your barbecue sauce ah that's a
good one
no I know one that's no what yeah no
Colette made barbecue chicken today so I
tackled the pan me and Zeke were
fighting and Colette said he was
fighting me because he saw the barbecue
she's hungry look from that right Vicki
oh yeah right
I think he wants to fight his jealous of
your shoes oh oh well that was helpful
I was really helpful he's just adding
now adding to the men let's go mediate
don't have a big tongue is it a result
right around see run around snip stuff
you roll on the grass on your left side
and then bark bark three times late
twice a bit perfect one to house it one
two three here lick lick just as ask hey
you little boys are you making memories
the last lifetime are you doing Wow that
zooms off they're swinging on the tree
oxen
we're chanceless Daxton where's your
pants right here I just want to be like
my dad
what are you saying that I wear pants
not always our pants dude we had some
fruit falling from our trees farmers if
you do cal howdy there partners we got
some perch I heard losing my tooth games
hey anyways when you pick them when they
fall excited that looks really good
think about that for a minute trees
don't worry about what time it is we
invented that because we're always like
well you have to be here at this time so
then we're always stressing that we're
not on time because somebody said that
we had to be there at that time but a
rock doesn't worry about when he has to
be at the appointment now listen I'm not
unrealistic I realize that we all have
to agree on a set amount of time so it's
like let's both meet here so it's like I
don't know when you're gonna show up
you're not gonna show up but I just
gotta be time to help us have some
structure but sometimes it's like man
just chilling the moment yo that's what
my turtle friend tells me on the EAC
head crush anyways thanks for watching
hope you had a great weekend welcome to
your Monday where time begins again
that's the great thing about the weekend
right time doesn't seem to matter as
much and that's something to consider
why do you like the weekend so much
because you don't have to be anywhere
there's not a schedule you don't have to
be at work you'd have to be at school
your time is yours and you create what
time it is buy what you want to do think
of that what if you could do that every
single day and not just on the weekend
and I'm not just saying quit your job
and go live on a rock and just you and
the rock be like hey hey we don't know
what time it is we're happy what I'm
saying is what if you just didn't worry
about that stuff as much I don't know
something to think about
whoa I didn't mean to get all like
motivational and weird here in the end
slate thanks for watching click that
thumbs up button if you want to see what
the Shaytards are doing yesterday you
can do it and if you want to have a
little mystery in your life feeling
lucky click on that bearded man if you
want to see the Shaytards video every
single day for the last 6 years
click on those numeric pictures please
subscribe to the channel we appreciate
your nice comments and being a part of
our life we'll see you soon okeydoke
give me get my
