Daxton we're live on the Internet are
you going on that thing bro
next our knee back started faces go down
yeah we're life is so freakin cool man
2,000 people are with us Daxton not just
me and you on the mountain anymore boy
the whole world is here so wws we're
gonna feed the horses carrots but as
soon as I got up here they went down to
the water dump horses Jackson should we
go down and get over here and fight it
all of you people here how embarrassing
I promised you horses you show up and
all I have is carrots hey everybody it's
me and my dad we're feeding the horses
carrots we're gonna feed the horses
carrots because we love the horses
say hi guys okay so give me some hearts
so I see those hearts so I want to see
more hearts Hey
they called you handsome they're saying
hi to you they said yeah that's what
they're saying there's hearts there from
Texas from Germany I don't know we're
from Idaho Texas Austin Texas Wales
Maryland oh hi
giorgia Daxton there's 2,000 people from
around the world everywhere all right
everybody here ducks people carrots can
you hold these let's see if dachshund
can hold the carrots here put them right
here right there
can you hold those make your shop just
tag me in a photo on Instagram new
backpacks are for sale you don't want to
carry the carrot see just guys we're
gonna feed these horses because that's
the title of the live show and by golly
when I title something I usually try to
put at least a little bit of whatever I
titled it in there hey guys we're gonna
go slow
look at him dad say we're going slow
guys say my dad's an expert look at him
look at the camera you're being rude
with the trimmer say guys wouldn't go
slow horses they were right up here by
the corner I come up by the corner and
I'm like okay I'm gonna do a periscope
of me feeding the horses so I get the
periscope on I title it and then I'm
like I look over and they're all running
down to the water like you dorks I have
the carrots right here dang horse how's
the audio it's a windy can you guys hear
me
I cannot believe that this motorcycle
can fit 2,300 people on it that's a
powerful motorcycle Baxton powerful and
deep the payload capacity on these
little Honda ATS are a lot bigger than
you think how much do you think 2400
people weigh let's say an average person
weighs about 130 to 150 pounds do some
quick math what's 150 pounds times 2
2,500 that's out that's the payload
capacity plus a two-year-old blonde
blue-eyed baby and a bearded obnoxious
badger about 190 pounds at that to the
equation what's our total capacity on
this motorbike here's the horses hey I
got your carrot you losers I'm sorry
Daxton do we got some got some answers
coming in here they are you guys want
some carrots well I drove up there and
you came down to the water maybe they
knew maybe they're like oh hey Carl's
bringing us carrots they're like we want
to get hydrated before we eat these
carrots because you don't want a bunch
of carrots in your belly if you're
thirsty you know I'm saying okay that's
you want to feed one of these all right
that's gonna be complicated because
decks design issues I'm look say honey
okay say hey is it go horsey okay guys
here Dex can you stand right here hold
on guys I'm up to set you down - can you
hold the camera baby a live show I can't
hold 26 on my half there's 2,500
okay now listen you guys care to taxi
can you hold the live show bro good what
do you think that's do you want to feed
one do you want to see the one yes this
horse could bite my ear off right now
you can watch your life okay here you go
okay here grab carrot tax I'm pretty
freaking talented you guys I'm holding
the camera I'm holding this phone in my
hand here you go
as yummy he smells like a horsey what do
you think dude kind of trip down this is
scary
well we're feeding horses okay
few more carrots and then we're gonna go
me and accent have a bunch of chores
today and we can't be carrying you guys
around with us all day cuz you guys just
double our chores you guys slow us up
we'd have had these horses fed these
carrots by now there you go we got about
two ton of bale hay - bail - we got to
build the new well Daxton you need to
dig down I need you to bill I need you
to dig about a hundred and fifty foot
well can you do that
all right sign it out join us next time
when we these guys are back that's the
next challenge that's the mean you have
to give all the horses live on Paris
follow us on Twitter shaycarl we make
daily YouTube videos very good
say bye-bye horsey say I love you horsey
say family is the most important thing
in the entire world family okay who just
saw text and feed the horses you just
texted feed the horses with shake car oh
that's nice
that's a nice kiss we're just making
lunch right now oh he wants a big oh
that's nice oh I'm making quinoa for
lunch / whenever we want to eat it
because it's awesome and then I'm making
roll
and barbecue chicken for dinner yeah
that's what we're doing so here we are
hey everybody live show he wants to go
with me just stay gone daddy has to go
do some emails and phone calls and I'm
gonna come back down I'll give you
another ride on the motorcycle okay it's
a good deal and then me you and Brock
can go jump on the trampoline you wanna
do that okay I'll be back
some lunch cuz I made some leftover
spaghetti noodles you hungry you want
some watermelon it's also nap time I
know you're wanted outside
you got tight excited to see what the
girls are doing they're playing they're
playing in the pool it crosses in the
out guys I'm sorry I'm one of those
weird people that I don't like swimming
and dirty pools and there's just a
little bit of dirt in the bottom it has
chlorine and stuff in it so it's like
technically clean but it's kind of girls
I don't really like it yeah do you want
a quiet I didn't see let's go outside
okay I'm gonna hold the baby and hold
the phone and open the door at the same
time I'm really talented but there's
blondie it's new I don't ever do
periscope can you turn the camera is it
weird if I turn it does that change
okay you want to come see what's
happening out here
so I'll show you let's see you jump
maybe I do it again let's see you jump
never mind okay come and jump in that's
pretty good I couldn't do that
you know gross okay I have to go check
on the boiling simmering I'm kind of
famous for doing that guys if I walk
away from the kitchen it's over it's
Bert dinners over
I know we'll come back out hey we'll
come back out we have to check on the
stuff so that doesn't burn or boil over
and you have to eat your lunch still
okay how does it look it looks good it's
not boiling over it'll be done soon can
you wait sorry I'm just learning how to
hold this camera so you guys can see
everything that's my quinoa this is what
we ate for lunch
leftover spaghetti well it's not
spaghetti its bowtie pasta you say hi to
these guys
guys you're cute okay I'm gonna put him
in this in this chair so you can eat
some dinner let me see if I can do that
I'm gonna set this right here there that
work I'm gonna get you some watermelon
I'm gonna get you some noodles well I
might have to say goodbye and put in the
bumper now that's what it sounds like I
need you can always tell when a baby's
getting really tired he doesn't want to
eat he also likes dad a lot more than me
that's a lot more fun
I'm just cleans the house and makes
things I know we got to eat though get
in the bowl let's see if we can make him
eat if he doesn't want to eat and I'll
have to say goodbye and put him down for
a nap did you guys want to come to a
periscope where the baby's crying maybe
not maybe that wasn't your goal today
it's to hear a baby cry did it freeze it
okay for everyone
sorry reading the chat look do you want
some of these
okay all right I'm gonna go put him down
for asleep for a sleep and we'll come
back later okay love you guys let's see
if I know how to do this I'm just
learning I'm getting a text message
swipe down to stop okay
I'll see you guys later okay I see if
I've got Stan no look so babies do when
they get mad at their food they throw
stuff on the floor so I had to catch it
first okay I'm gonna go
i broadcasting live don't swear kids
wait can you start the editing it can we
start the intro over again Rach Dax
oh man hey guys wait hold on all these
people want to see you what you're just
doing okay guys ready who wants to watch
Power Rangers raise your hand
Doc's you gotta raise your hand okay
watch wait did they go back okay yeah
Power Ranger
sound effects brought to you by Brock
and actin thanks for the watching the
intro of today's Mighty Morphin Power
Rangers weirdos facial expressions hey
you mean actor Power Ranger sound
effects alright flip the cap hello
making their tootsie roll rolls no bake
cookies and peas and ten pounds of
peanut butter and I wish the periscope
has updated their smell-o-vision app but
they haven't yet so you'll just have to
take my word for it that these golden
buttery delicious rolls that came right
from Colette's moms are you lying to us
about these rolls
what's also shout-out to Tim Deegan who
gave us these flowers look at that
those are real they're not fake these
really nice plastic flowers losers no
those flowers went through
photosynthesis those have real
chlorophyll in them you guys proved it
collected from the chlorophyll out of
those flowers and shown so I think so
more like Laura Phil guys in the comm
plants have chlorophyll and I'm ready
come on now we look like we're
ridiculous cuz we don't know if plants
do you know plants and flora filling
they go through photosynthesis what were
we talking chlorophyll what do you know
about anything
yeah it's green right yeah in spinach
chlorophyll come on bro you're thinking
of the stuff that they put over your
face when they try to kidnap you pass
out what is that what's that stuff
pigment yeah the chlorophyll is like the
green stuff what is there a nice mark
hey anybody connect me but I recently
who did you what did you put on the
sponge to make the person pass up not
chlorophyll but uh chloroform no I said
it nobody said it listen I said it
before I saw I remembered it that's why
I could so excited I genuinely
remembered it dude
when you remember a word it's like
sneezing when you can remember wordy
like oh what's that word what's that
thing and then you say it you're like oh
yeah that's it it's like hot shoe I
remembered it yes
all right thanks for joining us on this
periscope we might be gone on a double
date tonight with my sister deviled eggs
I just said we might be going on a
double date and Emmy thought I said
we're gonna be making deviled eggs which
is not the case well thanks for watching
the live show we're just gonna be tuning
in every once in a while today so I have
yourself some cookies and thanks for
joining us all right
the nothing is coming dude I miss it
these are big strong get back you two
back scoot this way sunset selfie we're
on the roof it's one of those evenings
where the sky is very very magical
something is going on up there it's like
the nothing is coming sunset selfie
we're sitting on the roof taking sunset
selfies because we're silly suckers
everybody hi are you guys do you watch
our videos why would they be weird if
they watch our video be shady so you can
be silly I guess it's Friday I'm scoop
so me in space how am I gonna do Brock
tell me again I'm gonna build a
telescope so I can see um things in
space what do you want to see up there
what do you want if you build a
telescope you can see all the way into
space what do you want to see yeah I
keep missing the lightning
it's a really cool sunset situation it's
like raining but uh who uh Rach
we're looking at sky and Brock's like
you should build something that we can
see up into space and Gavin hey hold on
where is he down there stay here wait
scoop back
all kids back by the window get back
only you don't get it how was football
practice good football
did you run a lot of laps all right well
there it is everybody the great nothing
is coming and we're out here taking Sun
sets like this all right
you already back in all right that
sounds like a fun bottle okay let's go
green house say bye sit out of the show
from the rooftops I'm gonna be the same
daddy I spy with my into the sea yes
see into the stars yes
because we must go to the stars to find
we're live jackson cam how's it going we
got mac and cheese
we got tricks and shirts and we got some
sandals how shaycarl hasn't said
anything yet this is my show Go Go Power
Rangers Mighty
I am we are I think we all I think we
start contributing to the louder
hilarious you guys like just turned it
on man everybody in the chat put your
hands together for Colette and Brock
it's a two-man show they'll be
performing in theaters across the
country yes she will be coming to
theaters near you check out your local
double tap to flip you got a double
double double tap to flip hey everybody
it's Saturday it's a kind of morning ish
for us but it's 12:30 noon
hey you want to know what oh I got a 20%
battery warning tell him what you did
today bro tell them pants you wanna show
him your helmet yeah
Gavin's playing foosball he got his
shoulder pads his helmet his like thigh
pads his football pants he's gonna be
playing some real gridiron this fall
season and we're eating lunch we got
some of these these are peas don't put
them on your knees he's ip's I said
don't put them on your knees these are
please I said don't go put them on your
knees hey and then we also have some mac
and cheese you've seen every single
Curious George there is to see oh he
sure likes look at her I'm self-funding
live thing all right the accident sir
excuse me can we ask you a few questions
about your launch and hey this is a live
lunchtime interview with Shay and Dax
and Butler I have to call him blue eyes
you can call him Dax but he likes mac
and cheese he likes getting whatever he
wants
and if he doesn't get it boy he'll tell
you he'll sure voices opinion because
he's recently found that he has one and
he's found that he has a voice in this
big world and then him want it needs to
be heard and if it's not he will scream
it but he's so cute we can't help but to
hear him have a kiss
have a kiss thank you thank you he's a
good boy
I love you and there's the football
Meister himself yes he's got all his
gear sticker from somebody else you used
it this is a Rorschach test hey live
Rorschach test what do you see here this
will tell me a lot about your
personality what kind of people are
watching here what does that look like
to you
this blue image whoa I see a face whoa
whoa do you see a face right there
that's like that could be a face like an
old pipe hole it's Gavin we're taking a
life Rorschach test on your helmet hold
still anyways look at that what do you
see I see a face look there's the nose
eyes that's almost like a Hitler it's
like look like look at this like right
here cover this up that's like an old
like what do you guys see there Buffalo
Bills yeah that's it does look like
Buffalo Bills right I think I saw a face
maybe I shouldn't have said Hitler I
feel like saying Hitler's I swear work
somebody okay sorry anyways Gavin's
playing football this double tap flip it
around hold on hold on yes all right
do you like the helmet is it comfortable
is it hard to get on is it really yeah
don't loosen up but like how hard is it
to get on let me watch you take it on
and off how painful it is that's good
yeah is it everyone I feel like it's
like on top of your head a bit put it
down
does it feel comfortable yeah I think it
almost looks like a puncher so it
punches on that one like turn what
what's the consensus live-chat
it does look big somebody says it looks
huge it's 7:30 in London England hey
other side of the ocean you're with us
right now in Idaho you you guys are on
the other side of the Atlantic Ocean
a fairly large body of water yet you are
here trying on football helmets with the
Gavin Meister if you're not familiar
with the Shaytards probably no us there
we are right there we hang our pictures
on the wall because we think we're so
awesome all right well that's what we're
doing on Saturday live right now uh
we'll see you guys soon hey Lucy mcgoofy
anything to say to the live show
oh snap three days four days come on
five minutes what do you want your
birthday what's on the list she wants
doll stuff all right like clothes all
that kind of stuff do you want any new
American Girl dolls Julie she does have
a bunch of magazines all right well go
get them hey is that good
so yes dad never bite will give me a
bite come on please that's a big bite
no dude here we go for this department
you're right all right dump baby anyway
let's see okay what do you want who's
Jolie introduced us to this this is the
little dong-chul not a brand endorsement
but she just what is this yeah American
Girl doll
we have an American girl right here who
will take free merch stuff whatever you
want to send we'll take it you doll
right all right happy birthday how are
they gonna be eight years old 8 years
old she's growin up she's 8 years old
excuse me please homes right now
nothing stay here what are you doing hi
let's see all right so here we have this
lace dress it's pink oh there's some
stuff at the shops you don't get it
okay okay you guys there is going to be
a Shaytards rewind uploaded in a few
hours it's a good one
you
