hey everybody out there check out my new
video I like vlogging cuz I say wait
chicken my vlog I found some people on
my blog okay so let's try out this what
also that's gonna say those people did
not want to be in the vlog why am i
doing that that was smart though
maintenance I am a grow out my beard at
my chest hair I'm gonna find a cave and
I'm gonna hibernate those flowers went
through photosynthesis those have real
chlorophyll in them gasps it's at the
process were the air the Sun and the
green in the grass plants have
chlorophyll and I'm right do you know
plant some chlorophyll chlorophyll I
don't know who is this chick just the
girl from Twilight oh no I'm a loser
that's Sigourney Weaver look up - I just
rattled out of the board
into the future hi the future dad you
almost read over my brother Daniel
uploaded YouTube video I'm gonna put it
all together it's not gonna really make
sense okay I got it
I don't know what's the bookstore maybe
the princess heart palace of parliment
is the room clean by the way hey hey
let's see let's do an inspection hey hey
there no filming allowed and the
princess started palace of parchment
actually yeah you're gonna have a hill
looks like you're depositing a hundred
million dollars yeah that's what our
deposit is yeah make a crazy face your
hair looks really cute today
I'm an international man of leisure this
is rock tars first taxi cab ride don't
kill us it's his first time I'll go to
Smurfs - yeah
rock card says no we're not smoked
you're gonna miss daddy and you're so
strong Charlie you bit my finger Charlie
we have some like fake spaghetti they're
rock artists eating tacos you're just
gonna ice skate around the floor on him
that much hmm you do the same thing do
we need to get you some new moves
running till you barf is part of
football right go to mother-son pirate
themed activity or go play football
why do you have a diaper bro do not
catch your sister like a dish you move
your finger was a baby
I'm pretty sure a hot chicken here whoo
extra curricular activities try to steal
my children away from me learning the
series using in the kitchen this woman
here is being harsh on herself about her
waffle creation okay whose fault is this
minor ears gotta be healthy yeah here in
my mouth okay okay we'll stay in for a
few more minutes let's go baby to our
boy Vegas slackers your first time
careful with a knife remember who's
Magoo ffice no why is your nickname
Rufus
your name baby thar let me see your hair
sassy hips people from Holland watch our
videos is that crazy do you think you
business to do you could do that let's
see
good job baby turn dumb you're sweaty
who's Eddie like those band-aids you
jealous you want to have band-aids like
that hey Dex Dina did you have a good
lunch today who's that guy right there
hey baby target quit putting bows on
this kids hair keep trying
can you help again one step closer come
say goodbye to the camera give it kisses
bye bye Oh take a bite everybody I love
you alright here we go let's go see you
tomorrow
to the ding shave
for you
minions
