running till you barf is part of
football right hey you can do it doc
didn't keep trying to need help again oh
I did it someone no joke I just shove it
sex change on Jay whoa here's the time
to dancer do you hey you guys smell that
it's waffle thirty did you know is gonna
be waffle 30 today did you get that I
put it in the subject line of the email
I sent out this morning about the
breakfast I sent out at breakfast email
and in the subject line that said waffle
thirty sand and lunch is gonna be oh
virtual what happened right making
waffle no self-esteem waffle police we
need a special reinforcements of the
self esteem waffle police to come on in
here sergeant Johnson this woman here is
being harsh on herself about her waffle
creation what we have it in to United
myself state waffle police station you
hear me woman you'll be confident about
the waffles you create because each one
is individual and lovely in its own
individual way plus you got a sweet
shirt on - look at that shirt oh
Carl that's my name hey sausage yeah
what I wanna eat sausage yeah all right
so haven't we have a hot cocoa oh you're
gonna have breakfast for lunch you got
to do it right you got to have the hot
cocoa you got to have the sausage the
ball
all the fixin's Oh My heavens to
Murgatroid
escaping escaping he's escaped from the
high chair he climbed out of the high
chair babe busted I'm in a moment right
now I gotta go raise that money to help
ya I'm these people see you guys like
Shane won't you ever help cuz if I don't
turn the camera on then you won't see
any of this yeah I'll just sit in the
plant all right what can I do
waffles I got it on the table he good
evidence I mean that's not what I wanted
you to do this isn't I was making a
waffle see that's what was happening
yeah it's okay didn't know babies
crawling it's good it's it's taught him
that he can achieve try to give and he
did it didn't he so he has learned to go
after goals in life to set you know hard
reachable achievable measurable goals to
go after him and to get him the job he
climbed down from the what was that not
his car seat you said car seat high
chair I saved him and then he came over
and got his bottle
don't move this mcgoofy know what if you
accidentally dropped him we can feed
them and then we'll put him down for nap
and then everything will be like 70%
smoother in this room
seriously that's like the sense of most
of the stress is there a screaming child
while I'm trying to cook yeah we got him
we're gonna help ya
hey he only likes his mommy Nnamani yeah
he is like we are all trying to hold him
and he will say no to everybody else
except for Mom
there are certain times when it's like
nobody can make him stop crying except
for mamacita
and she I feel responsible for them why
now I gotta turn the camera people on
che what are more I got the cool whip
out you guys I'm helping the table set
what I have to do everything itis and if
I do something she'll just get mad at me
and say why did you do like that she'll
just change it we're doing it it's cool
I'm working and listen if she wants to
be a control freak with the dwarf-like
cuz I'd be like yeah babe you don't have
to do it best I think you should be in
charge
what happened crib when he woke up yeah
he wanted you to come get him Oh cuz he
loves you you're his roommate while your
next-door neighbor's who's that guy
right there some guy you want to eat
some waffles
is it waffle 30 yeah there's two my mom
I know guys a cute baby okay it's time
to eat the breakfast lunch for dinner
put in there the lunch breakfast dinner
and looking at myself I try yeah that
looks like a nice strawberry maple syrup
waffle is it young Yama you got the
blockage there's G a pian yeah I want
some strawberries of mine yeah those
look really good easy with the syrup
Rufus she's got the syrup crap she's
pouring it on there like it's Mount
Vesuvius
good I don't even know a mountain with
Vesuvius is I know you don't
broccolis Butler yeah but you can making
it right out of the container with the
giant spoon that is rude according to
local tradition local conditions all
tradition it's a big decision do we be
those guys can we talk about our
clothing law or people's look at that I
don't know I can't this is my new
favorite tell them about Logan it's a
wool blend this is a new one
look I have a camera I like my camera
Dejan bringing in the presents that's
what I'm excited your muscles look big
kid what's up kid you do torquing you do
exercise Dirk do you do exercise too
from the Jason quick glance your body
looks like he does exercise exercise you
can tell us all right let's see what
flavor we're tasting lb remember those
really oh gee first florals that have
always been out of some boom Shakalaka
the florals are back sing it boom
Shakalaka the florals are back yeah the
little Shakalaka the florals are back
yeah yeah boom Shakalaka
the florals are back what what boom
Shakalaka all the flowers are back whoa
okay stop turn what dude here it was
good you're a grown news mr. Dale are
you all wet it why did you do that sorry
man boom Shakalaka
the flowers are back boom Jenga nobody
okay anyways all the florals dejan
delivering gonna work done son
alright uh you guys want to buy one of
these we'll put it in a box and send it
to you right now
trick sir Derek Miller on the future if
here's Ben C&E is on the internet
everywhere I've been seeing them all
over the place like I just seen Timothy
DeLaGhetto
all the youtubers are riding these
things um
to be a helicopter your arms are long
enough it's a derrick quit with your old
technology over there our technology is
quiet and seamless gosh stupid old
school technology over here alright
let's see this trick Logie bear what do
you got
what did I tell you about pulling your
foot man keep it in there gotta get up
don't swear i'm donald swear watch
so I started Oh Dejan eatin the chick oh
sorry I put a camera here he did across
it today it's cool all right dere gonna
ride it own choice do us do the circle
oh do you know Derrick fell at VidCon
Derrick ate it at VidCon zoo dog just
wanted to be on my back well it's
another day in the Shaytards household
and it's been kind of uneventful we've
just been cleaning and getting work done
now we're eating dinner and Kyler's here
cuz she was helping me watch them while
I got work done you guys are you excited
for football practice Kevin you look
like a camera yo both of you I hope you
in the camera hey yo yes what are you
not excited about what matter make you
mentally 400 that's what I was on about
running till you barf is part of
football right hey I've heard of it
happening before just don't don't make
the coaches mad and you won't have to
barb
this guy this guy knows how obnoxiously
loud iasts we plug his ears first
and then he starts shouting and
screaming it's pretty genius right okay
Emily thank you so my goal for this year
is to have dinner ready really early
like by five o'clock every day because
he has football practice every night I
don't know how I'm gonna handle it I
think that will be healthier to eat
earlier in the day because then the
calories aren't just sitting there going
to sleep right huh I think so and today
we made pork sandwich and screaming
bitch whoa okay can you be quiet like
this Shh
we think about the ramifications like if
I ride these instead of walk it would be
bad because it could make us mad that we
have like the wally's scenario our
biggest fat loss just rides on motorized
scooters welcome Burrell is pumped into
our Oh
but if you still exercise you use these
instead of walking you could save five
to ten years on your joints I feel like
I want to hear you sing Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory people can get good at
these you know think about how old
people who before couldn't get around at
all you just give a little training on
this and all sudden grannies like I'm
out of here
granny out roller bingo in Florida old
people like exercise do you think that
oh I've been doing kickflip to get me
awesome the future help
yeah canny I did it Shumlin no joke I
just shove it sex change on Jerry oh
here's a tiny dancer filled out all
right we're starting for ball here we go
working it good yeoman give me your
gloves all right now we're just doing
gymnastic for hey you were gonna show me
her backbend
show me your backbend hey if you can use
falling in my backbend ones actually
watch her nice okay yeah come swap me
the back bitch and then I'll see if I
can do it by myself
that was good that was what it would
look like if I tried to do it hey okay
can't we're gonna be screwed
hmm no what what are you talking about a
second what did you just do we just
spent 26:38 on chick-fil-a but we got a
lot of chick-fil-a sauce does that mix
extra if that three I think so look what
they did to us its power of suggestion
massage everything advertising was our
friend with it we're like if our friend
likes that product and maybe we'll like
him - - hey our friend liked your
product so he told us to come here and
he suggested we try your chicken so I'm
spending the day in Utah with my brother
because we've been doing to work at
Rick's and warehouse with the gym today
go to the gym this morning I should have
logged that I forgot it was good we have
a bunch of different stuff like since
VidCon has happened that we have to
catch up on so a lot of packages to send
out and tonight we're gonna have a
livestream rocket league video game
party legit and they have to call my
wife and see if she'll let me stay no I
told class I said I have to go work at
trixin and the job sometimes working is
like hanging out with the employees
which are my friends and family you see
how I set my life up like that baby
trudging up the hill oh I know baby hug
losing ass talking me you got me do you
get me ah
so he's the best because he is the
cutest and I just love how MUC I've seen
you can do it and you have to use your
little he's struggling so much I can't
get a veil okay go up up up up up up
there see you can do it
Brock was smart yours clean you can
climb up that hill easy no hay getting
dirty that's what summers all about do
do it do it
ask her we're gonna have it won't you be
not we want to ask the girl you know how
you make it rain when ask the girl
she'll make it rain chick-fil-a sauce
I'd be cool like I'll just like just
medical at school let's favorite part
about this she's like loves it
celebrates a baby baby I'll bring you
home such a play by you you can bind up
in the painter when we come she still so
that's a confession that's the one
character flaw that Colette has is she's
a chick-fil-a sauce DeFelice I'm still
that buckets of it we have it in our
house hiding in our closet I wasn't
allowed to tell anybody gallon pasta now
the CIA's on to us we got your sauces
son so hungry if you grab the best I'm
starting over
that's smart yeah we're waiting for her
to grab all the chick-fil-a sauce
because we've asked for a lot of it oh
by the way this is not a brand deal do
not do not buy chick-fil-a chicken and
you were going to it's gross it's
probably not grass-fed at that it's
known it as MGM oh we have a special
request Logan does you have like when
you have the chick-fil-a sauce can you
try to like you like in music videos and
they make it rain can you make it rain
chick-fil-a sauce yeah we'll eat it all
we won't waste it my wife loves it yeah
just a few just make it rain yeah make
it rain check oh I don't think she
properly did the make it rain motion was
it has to be like right like stacks yeah
but like she threw it in like making it
range there look get it get it get it
thank you
hey you're the best drive-thru attendant
ever yes you
20 we're gonna call the manager and get
you a raise okay you are get it ready
thank you I'm so hungry
all right we're eating food now not
grass-fed probably discussing don't bite
I spilled my pop not a brand deal not a
brand about a brand hi summer's almost
over and I'm kind of bummed about it I
love fall the fall time it's just like
oh it's so much fun the smell in the air
the leaves falling football school
started I guess she's gone dude do a
good chili on eat Lake good job for doc
doc City we are you excited for school
to start yeah
I am Jay I'm getting miss daddy
you're gonna miss daddy while you're at
school what do you mean right now you
miss daddy
cuz daddy's at the tricks and warehouse
work and huh Jay's got to work on those
tricks and huh yeah where he's at the
warehouse didn't the tricks in warehouse
work and you can do it doc didn't keep
trying
can you help again oh come on I hope you
come on let's go so cute
so Brock and dachshund we're playing on
the hill and a little girl came over to
play with them and she tried to pick
dachshund up and Broncos don't stop he's
my baby
he's already standing up for his little
brother I love it that's the cutest
thing all right it is island breeze
night at the tricks and clothing
warehouse we are packing boxes with the
new postcards these are this is the ad
at VidCon we did these like Instagram
high school reunion class of anyways if
you get a tricks in order now you'll get
one of these with these like high school
type pictures they're really good we've
been live streaming rocket League me and
Dale on our undefeated packs a hobby
power couple hashtag shaitaan I think
your hashtags too hard they're saying
she mom haha yeah how do you spell that
Sh a why hey che Han we're undefeated
anyways we got a new order of a bunch of
these island breeze hats and we are
boxing them up and shipping them out
tonight we got new tricks and tape
anyways we're loading them we're locking
up a load and unlocking it and loaded
okay we're playing rocket League me and
dejan erupts
let's do booze shout out to everybody
that came to the livestream that night
we had a blast we live streamed on the
tricks and YouTube channel for probably
about two and a half hours you guys were
cracking me up uh guys are sending me
gifts because I was in the background on
that like scooter thing as they were
playing and I was trying to like pretend
that I was falling and so I got so many
gifts or gifs what you want to call it I
don't know but so many of you sent me
little gift gifs
of me almost falling on that thing and
it was cracking me up so every time like
I wasn't playing rocket League I was
reading your guys's comments and your
tweets and it was a fun night
we're gonna start going live a lot more
often so thanks for hanging out with us
it was a cool night thanks for watching
off video click on a Israel mystery
video and if you want to see what the
Shaytards have been doing every single
day
if you can believe it for the last six
years you can click on those individual
boxed faces that I created with my body
and my wife helps too that was a weird
thing to say okeydoke also all of those
video links are in the video description
below you just got to click the show
more button tab and it'll show open up
to a whole new world don't you dare
close your eyes and I think I'm done but
I'm okay thanks for uh all that stuff
we'll see you guys soon back
