alright alright alright it's Saturday
morning workout time at the Shaytards
yeah yeah yeah Fitness all right so
we're going to do chores errands that'll
get a bunch of dog food and cat food
because we just left him here roaming on
the farm we didn't leave any food for
them and they're really skinny cuz we
were gone for like three weeks so I'm
surprised they all stayed alive but
they're all still alive so we're gonna
get some food because there have been
like meowing and barking and whining we
fed him a couple times know that we had
people here there's listen we got people
all right we've got people there's
people anyways back to broccolis Butler
you ready show them your skills my
friend okay so as you go and you do
chores with five kids you know what they
do they asked for crap can I have a
treat dad when we go to the store can I
have a bag of gummy bears have you ever
said that before in your life have you
yep that's right how long ago five
minutes ago maybe
so I said Brock I'll give you a bag of
gummy bears if you put this 14 pound
medicine ball up on this counter five
times and he said okay can you do it
okay five times and you get your own bag
of gummy bears go this is a 14 pound
medicine ball that's tough it's not easy
okay get up there one okay I'll bring it
down don't drop it on your face put it
on the ground
okay that's one now back up get it up
it's tough you have to do it five times
go good good get under it get under it
oh you got to use your hey use your
chest bud get up there against there
yeah use your chest good now push it up
push it up use your head good good to do
it three more times oh all right just go
slow just go slow with it or you know
what you can do you can just roll it off
and jump back and let it fall down on
the ground okay you can do that pin
okay go use your chest push up against
there push it up against there use your
head use your head you gotta get up
under it get under it get under it get
it up there buddy
come on he's gonna earn this bag of
gummy bears there you go there you go
okay put your feet under it you got to
walk in dude you got it you can do it
good good
push push push push push push push
good get it up good okay two more times
okay pull it back and then just jump
back and fall let it fall you get it
again get under it good good good nice
that was good technique one more time
one more time and get your own bag of
gummy bears oh here we go
fifth time 14 pound medicine ball
Brock Butler the human strength machine
gets it for a fifth time nice dude give
me five all right
you earned it Amy Butler up next I told
her she has to do it 15 times plus em II
guess what I'm gonna do want to add a
little height to it cuz that's a little
your lot taller so I'm gonna put a box
up here make it a little bit taller hold
on let's see how heavy that is put it I
mean put up there no you need a little
bit higher okay 15 times put it on the
floor put on the floor they have to pick
it up and put it on there 15 times go
yep one two good we'll come back this
could be a while three six months later
nine what do you think Brock you think
you felt strong doing that I'm proud of
you dude it's all about technique you
just had to get that technique down
zat ten okay ten five more 14 pound
medicine ball any loofas
wrong 11 12 we should measure and see
how high that is is that 14 yeah hey no
that's 14 that's 14 you guys ready to go
okay almost almost one more okay go 14
get it up there 14k last one get up
there all right
fourteen one more and you're done
wait what what is it
15 all right Gavin you ready yeah okay
you have to do 20 on my knees nope look
there's higher things look right here oh
he's getting serious it's getting
serious we are making these kids earn
their treats babe we're doing some
calisthenics in here what are you guys
doing make up time stylish Smurfs and
styles talk about style look at this
style right here all right
Gavin you ready okay from the ground to
the top of the mantle 20 times for a
treat when we go do the errands oh right
one two three go good form
one yeah I don't hit the TV your mom
will be mad too 20 of those bad boys 3
60 years later get it get it 10 nice
halfway there touch the ground I set
your ground remember you feeling winded
yellow would you break something
laughing keep the core tight come on
dude you got henna tattoos dudes with
henna tattoos are tough don't you know
dude with a ten-headed tattoos keep
their cores tight cuz they know football
seasons coming up pretty soon Monday on
Monday at your first football practice
you like coach guess what I did I put
the medicine ball on the mantle 20 times
I'm ready to play Shawn
what's up scarf how many you gonna do 25
for what for candy we're doing fitness
for candy 13 seven more 18 two more here
we go come on
nineteen oh you gots to get up on his
tippy toes to get it last one good for
him
he's got it he's strong he's got he's
got Hannah okay now let's show them our
other workout we do with this thing
for football season to get Gavin's
Armstrong ready yeah catch that Father's
Day video you did and I threw that bag
of dog food that you yeah it knocked you
over do you hate me
here now watch this
who's ready sit up you hit me when I
come up very much let's do just throw a
rock at me baby you ready yeah wait how
much
yes view 25 25 okay it's great we have
all different sizes of dressers in here
babe for each of the kids
one two we're in here putting medicine
balls on dressers would be up to three
in your face Purdy for good form
yeah if ya could form collec I'm sure
watch mom butt down
stop being prideful just be like okay
mom that's a great form way to keep your
hips down I'm proud of you use your hips
girlfriend
wait Gavin you don't want candy I could
do more for what what do you guys what
do you want to earn Avia just said she
wants a dress 11 you're not gonna get
anything if you don't do it with good
form come on Keith quit bending over
keep your back keep your head up squat
yes that's how you have to do it you
can't bend down hold it on your chest up
pull it bring it down hold it right
there and then squat nope watch Gavin
maybe you have to have a good Foreman
gonna hurt your back if you bend over
you're gonna hurt it so you have to keep
your back straight and squat down see
that if you're just bending over you
hurt your back I know you're strong
gymnast that does backflips and stuff Oh
frickin snap my bad yo Jim push you got
buzz up all girlfriend you're not gonna
get any shoes no that's 14 trying to
frickin cheat while I'm monologuing over
here get working quit here are your
excuses it's 14 it says it on
the ball though it's digital everyone
you go it goes up up you're still at 14
dang it 15 no pls 15 stop yelling at me
16 look at me over there I'm so glad I'm
done yeah Jackson put it right here
can you put that ball up on that can you
put it up right there you pick it up
pick it up trying that hard can you pick
it out that's heavy
it's a heavy medicine ball huh vetoes
the negotiations are getting more
strenuous let's go cut to a few hours
later when the gummy bears are gone and
the errands have been run and now we're
going to the movie with furry sweaters
it's go to the movie with furry sweaters
night yeah I love that night it's my fav
Oh should we sing him the jingle we go
to movies with the movies with furry
sweaters jingle yeah I think Justin
Bieber's mom wore that in a public
setting so now you're just copying
Justin Bieber's mom every time you wear
those funny sing the song go into movies
in a furry sweater song
going to the movies in a third let's go
come on we can't write songs all night
jeepers McCree purrs come on macGruber
gobo just movies Emmylou ffice I'm gonna
punch your nose let's go No
all right we just saw the movie did you
like it it was whatever it was good
wasn't I don't know it was good it
wasn't like yeah yeah we saw Fantastic
Four
that's fantastic I'm glad we did that
why we ate that popcorn and licorice I
was yummy you don't go off and go to
movies anymore where you walk out like
yeah when they do remakes yeah anyway I
like the other ones better anyways try
to ruin the movie review horrible movie
review yeah the movie pretty good was
exciting pretty glad the big block you
guys went out of 10 what do you give it
six I'm not what do you give a ten that
was the best
I like Raiders of the Lost Ark that was
so what is the razor that's a ten hold
your tears and so Fantastic Four in
2015's and eight yeah your scales a
little tightest on history there's no
history behind that movie which was only
comic no or PewDiePie yeah we are how
are you guys you do this one long II do
get better than walking to my crowd
please now it's half once or twice
someone couldn't pay the price and I'm
afraid
always goes back to cut Gees shaycarl is
loud
I was just editing this as like men an
appropriate comment could be did I just
listen to che scream for 15 minutes yes
sometimes it gets rambunctious at the
Shaytards indeed thanks for watching we
appreciate it
um one thing that I noticed a lot while
I met so many of you during this last
week at VidCon and hit Disneyland and we
just meet a lot of you that watch our
videos we're out in public and the funny
thing is seeing the people who don't
watch our videos like your mom's or your
dad's or people in your life who know
that you watch the Shaytards but they're
not a part of it at all but they have to
like listen to me in the background
screaming while you're watching it in
your room or on your TV or maybe you're
watching on your phone in the car and
your mom or dad your poor poor mom or
dad has to listen to me scream and
they're like are you watching the
Shaytards again I've heard and had
conversations with parents at VidCon
that some of you have even been grounded
because you've watched too many straight
hearts and you haven't been behaving and
doing your chores like you're supposed
to so don't get in trouble with mom and
dad you guys anyways we appreciate you
watching click on yesterday's video
click on that mystery of log and if you
want to see what the shade cards have
been doing every single day for the last
six years click on one of those
beautiful faces we'll see you guys soon
give me kiss back
