trixin yes I got it
you look so stylish at Disneyland good
morning hey no wrestling it's time to
get up and go to Disneyland you crazies
get out of bed we're going to Disneyland
you didn't know moms excited
good morning it's time for another great
day let's go Disneyland all right here
we are back in Disneyland me and Emma
have a goal today we decided that we
want to try to find every Disney
princess we can find it's Disney
Princess watch 2015 we're gonna see how
many Disney Princesses we can find here
in Disney I wanted some princess watch
princess watch 2015 princess watch we
got Cinderella in the house beautiful
gown glass slippers princess watch 2006
if - what's what what wait Ariel and
Belle are both here
dude this is dude it's a hotbed for
princesses princess watch 2015 their
spell okay wait who's next area okay I'm
coming I got to get the baby
Cinderella big fan princess watch 2015
high five good just good to meet you oh
yes yes all right Little Mermaid Little
Mermaid snaps come on dude this is
scooby-doo bred breasts hahaha best
princess watch of the whole time don't
be obnoxious that is a legend right
there and you will show her the respect
she deserves
Snow White right there look at this
stuff isn't it neat one two three one
more beautiful thank you
good to meet you tell Sebastian we said
hi
we met Ariel we met Ariel Jimmy Jimmy
Belle Belle oh yeah I don't know if I
got a good shot at Belle you guys
princess watch 2015 would not be
complete without a good shot of that wow
that is such a pretty dress
I mean she's pretty that's a pretty bell
but I think Colette is a prettier Bell
you know sad happens is like a does a
bitter cold on its uppers pictures of
the world one two three four
it's lunch time
hello everybody out on the veranda
having a lovely time fish tacos so good
the music the ambience it's all here
that looks good Brown again yeah nah man
that no it's yummy
how are they Oh music to eat by it's
tacos in Disneyland ha ha tacos are they
good they look good tacos in Disneyland
with baby
Oh ha ha another taco broth demolished
is
ba-cock Oh mamacita
okay my son look Brock has I want to
make it on every ride hairdo today I
wonder why he asked for so much
hairspray this morning what is that
dance move
are you
anybody on
yeah
all right we were just chasing a girl
that was wearing a trixin hat we were
walking and Gavin said dad there's a
girl winner tricks in hat but close well
the other way up and they said today the
first person that we find word at tricks
and piece of tricks and something we
want to stop and look easy item but
anyway we tried to chase her down but we
suddenly lost her so now we're standing
here when you were somebody else walk
away sorry girl in the red tricks and
hat we saw you we tried to catch you but
then we lost you in a sea of people
oh we've been spotted
we've been spotted
look at these two hugging cute picture
let's do it
extend
waiting in line for Pirates of the
Caribbean we're hungry in the boat we
see you buttering your etro throw it
that put some more butter on it we want
a little more butter on that roll throw
it throw it throw it plunk traitor whoa
accusations are right you guys see your
hat did chicken oh you got him first in
it yeah I picture here yeah I like your
hat get it buddy on the blog tricks him
first 14 slider let's see it alright
turn around oh you look so cool coolest
person at Disneyland
see you guys Gavin recognized her first
and I was looking I seriously I'm just
that's all i'm doing i'm scanning nice
everybody you for wearing tricks yeah
Gavin called it she just she turned her
oh he Gavin said tricks in and she
turned around like hi thanks and then
she saw us and she's like okay the
picture it was great it was cool nice
alright so we're just relaxing it's hot
we're trying to find the shame cuz it's
so hot out here
girl we're in trucks and tricks in
yes I got it you look so stylish at
Disneyland I can't believe how pretty
you are
hey dad I've said you're three what's up
you're number three actually hi are you
are you what's your name
kind of newer exciting
maybe in it too
you ready go on the Dumbo ride I want a
Dumbo ride can you say Dumbo Dumbo I'm
excited too Jackson how do you feel
ambivalent don't care oh he is excited
good I'm excited if you're excited this
is a fun ride because we're sitting down
or not standing off in the line that's
the best part about okay here we go
alright we're on the top of ours we're
smiling we're doubling we got feathers
in our trunks and we're flying what is
the song from Dumbo can you sing a song
from Dumbo
you remember Oh sing it yeah that's the
song that we sing to dachshund every
night baby you have to go to mommy tart
for that one anyways Jambo we're on the
Dumbo ride hey everybody we're on the
Dumbo ride a day
those hard hold I read that log did you
think I froze here we are at Disney's
Magical Castle 60 year anniversary it's
the diamond edition 60-year castle Gavin
are you proposing this is right where
Jackson just proposed to Carly Gavin
dude propose to somebody I dare you
walking by double dog dare you bro find
a pretty girl and propose to her
I dared him to propose to a girl because
this is where this is where Jackson
proposed to Carly right here by the
castle so pretty
anybody come on dude the dari√©n donated
Murray many Castle Carly no no no Carly
and Jackson got engaged to get married
right here this is where they were Gavin
you got a ring did you give him your
ring Emmy let me see okay okay so ask
your girl both what if they say yes she
better be the right one
look Kevin Gavin here comes some girls
here comes some girls they watch our
videos hurry hurry propose right here
Gavin Gavin I hear these girls coming up
right here do it do it wait we have a
question for you first
will you marry him hi do you watch our
videos
yeah I was daring him to propose to a
girl and you I saw you coming up yeah
rocks gonna jump in the moat the diamond
edition of the castle hey guys
Oh Sassie who's ready to ride
hey Daxton hey Dax you ready all right
here we go
Ferris wheel I forgot when I was calm
here we go on the ferris wheel it's the
fairest of all the wheel
let me Lou I love you
Emma Luke this yeah a vo and Colette -
come on ladies show me a smile on your
ID and there is Brock having a great
good time he doesn't care what you who
say cuz he's having a great day
broccolis he's ever no he's a good
friend me now
thanks man
mm whatever
alright the Sun setting on this
Disneyland day I took off my son's
sombrero the Brock's rocking it looking
handsome we're leaving Disneyland and
we're headed over to California
adventures to go find some ice cream to
put it on my that's why well we got
Mickey's kitchen sink with a cherry on
top you need that you need the cherries
yummy yeah wow that thing that looks
good
and you like the cherry diamine like a
cherry okay everybody's have an ice
cream it's an ice cream party
ice cream party ice cream party we'll
have an ice cream party ain't no party
like an ice cream party cuz an ice cream
party doesn't stop thank you for
watching today's Shaytards Disneyland
vlog I need to put all of our Disneyland
adventures into one playlist I'm gonna
do that mark my words I'll be working on
that right now imma find all the
Shaytards Disneyland blogs
I'm putting the Shaytards Disneyland
blog playlist you watch me I'll do it
I'll do da side
don't sweat no thank you okay anyways I
get weird sometimes thanks for watching
it was fun it was a great vacation
we are back in Idaho listen do you hear
that peace and quiet dear the crickets
chirping smells so delicious out here in
the fresh oxygenated mountains of Idaho
I got home last night I gave Zeke a big
hug I gave him a shower
cuz he'd been up here rolling in the cow
poop Oh dogs are dumb sometimes anyways
you're not because you thumbs up this
video right right oh I see I can tell
you feeling guilty yeah you smiled if
you smiled you should at least give that
a thumbs up leave a nice comment check
out yesterday's Disneyland adventure if
you hadn't seen it yet uh with any
singing frozen at the castle during the
firework parade what a magical moment
many of you said you cried um I did Phil
I could I can I get that a lot of but I
was surprised at how many people said
they cried when she was singing frozen I
guess it was definitely magical like the
castle was sparkly and there was
fireworks she's singing and you see the
passion in her eyes anyways check out
yesterday's vlog if you want to cry as a
seven year old sings a Disney song okay
we'll see you guys there will be a
Shaytards rewind tomorrow like usual
every Saturday and then we'll be back on
Monday alright you guys have a great
weekend we love you thanks for watching
and supporting our family and being a
part of this journey called life we'll
see you soon bye
