every snip is another experience of
delicious turkey sniffing do not dance
on the pies number one Thanksgiving
morning rule Timmy do you have a good
kitchen did you have a happy
Thanksgiving
oh yeah
check check check it in good morning got
my on the Princess Leia yeah
Princess Leia they're going to let
parents house for Thanksgiving pre
Thanksgiving Thanksgiving you bottle
clipping the grape juice Oh
Thanksgiving eat we're gonna be oh you
landed it in we're gonna be extra chubby
cuz we're doing it to Thanksgiving
dinner what a smart little tiny ones huh
yeah well did you have saved me some you
big water on Hogg's devouring this
little melon mm-hmm this is a baby melon
so cute
you can since no dance the first snow
dance of the year
whoa snow backflip of the year that's
from one of the years or nothing in the
video yes you are yes you are because I
said so oh hey guys
it is the day before Thanksgiving and I
know we haven't been vlogging very much
lately but you know what it is when it
is just one of those things I'm
preparing a turkey there's gonna be a
lot of people Thanksgiving so grandma
heart and I are both preparing a turkey
so we have two turkeys mine's not like a
huge turkey I mean I guess it could be
it's not as big as last year's turkey
but it is going to be really good but I
don't know how much it weighs since I
took the tag off of it so I'm gonna
weigh it on the scale and it's actually
a bathroom scale don't worry will on we
will put a towel on it and so we're not
gonna be stepping on the same scale the
turkeys on and we're gonna see how much
this weighs alright and then I'm gonna
use a brine for the turkey which is like
you soak it it was gonna soak it like
yesterday
so that was he's soaking for a really
long time in the brine but I didn't okay
guys it wasn't thought out in time so
anyways I'm gonna be soaking it in a
brine you can find the recipe from divas
cook online I just really like that
turkey brine we use it last year too so
anyway let's get started okay I was
wrong this turkey is 21 pounds it's a
huge turkey so we'll probably have a lot
left over oh it went away anyways it's
21 pounds
let's get Brian in this thing so it'll
be ready for tomorrow
what I mean
you know sometimes Emmy is a comedic
genius and sometimes she's just
good morning guys 6:30 it's really early
and I've got this turkey seasoning but
you wanna call it this is the stuff
that's going to go on top of the turkey
it's butter and abundant and a bunch of
the feet ending
fotona bun fling wings because that's
how I feel this morning and I got the
turkeys just right there guys
that's the turkey I know this part isn't
really beautiful so I'm just gonna go
finish it and I'll show you when I'm
almost ready to put in the oven all
right guys there's my turkey it's going
to be delicious so there it is this in
the oven cooking and I got rolls right
in I'm hoping they're rise well it's
always better to have really warm so I
kind of turned these on a little bit so
hopefully they rise
lately my rolls haven't been rising and
I think it's just the elevation is
different than where I used to live so
they don't rise the same mmm but
hopefully they will turn out really good
today hurt you guys like turkeys got
about two more hours everyone's still in
bed and that's okay it's like 10 o'clock
and there's the turkey it's looking nice
and brown we're probably gonna cover it
in like another hour and these are my
rolls and this is why a little barricade
that I just made to get in an effort to
get these room yeah it's early no it's
not early anymore but I got up early I'm
trying to get these rolls to rise and if
they need a warm space and our house is
a little bit drafty and so I'm trying to
create a warm space this is our little
warm pocket for these rolls right next
to the turkey and then I've got some
rolls over here by the fireplace just
hoping to get them nice and toasty so
that they'll rise beautifully you do
what you can
what up guys so excuse comments here's
the turkey it's not quite done you have
to look at even beautiful or even
beautiful it is today is yes it is today
we got rolls we got more rolls over
there trying to rise next to fire spray
funny what's under here
blue eyes versus what are you doing
just an inside of it Oh Mike done yep
squat the tricky this the same recipe we
did last year
yeah oh man that was good turkey look
what happened last night huh huh this
decided to drop a couple inches on us so
it's pretty excited so hope you guys
have a great Thanksgiving wherever your
grateful for such a great perform and
it's beautiful everything yeah even if
you don't get a big turkey on
Thanksgiving baby you're still breathing
you're still breathing you can still be
grateful for that it is welcome one and
all to Thanksgiving Day I'm telling you
why Santa Clauses cuz he says oh it's a
beautiful day we just got some snow Wow
and the kitchen the house smells
delicious I woke up this morning early
at like 6:30 yeah I was like right after
she put the turkey and I'm like that
smells so good and I thought to myself
by the time I wake up like later like
9:30 or 10:00 I'll probably be used to
the smell but no every sniff is another
experience of delicious turkey sniffing
smell on that and there's Zeke taking a
poop out there happy Thanksgiving
everybody
sorry Zeke sorry my dad my dad with them
are you ready to have Happy Thanksgiving
what alright ready hold on you guys want
to catch Brock on the count of three
nope they're gonna help me howl ready
one two jump ha we got him
there's gonna be at Boylan town all
around the Christmas tree do not dance
on the pies number one Thanksgiving
morning rule do not dance on the pies
everybody knows that rule now you can
dance on the turkey just don't dance on
the pies stamp in turn a turn an arrow
their own air barony barony infinite
didn't turn on a camera and they just go
crazy at oh yeah Happy Thanksgiving all
right we're going over to my mom and
dad's house for a couple hours
we'll give uh the accoutrement ready to
take me over to mom and dad's house and
it's gonna be a great Thanksgiving come
on for the rights to sell be good for
goodness say you better watch out you
better not cry you better not pout I'm
telling you why I said a big fat man
with low light beer he's okay you guys
you need to help me we have to make
honey butter nah let's just put it in
okay so what we've done is we've
softened some butter and then we're
gonna honey-honey coat it and mix it all
together for the rolls so we'd have some
honey butters at too much man no it
looks good oh really okay that's what I
like to hear you talk cuz it's the
Christmas will be green and bright the
sun to shine by day and all the stars at
night technically key motto is the wise
way to make honey butter okay yeah
that's about that's how many I did I
think they're for careful careful
so one teaspoon of vanilla Ben yeah so
right don't drop it don't drop it don't
drop it don't drop it okay we got
vanilla honey and butter now it's time
to my mama mama mama mix it up mix it up
now let's in a minute today you punching
me and then we know hey Dax you know
we're about to do dude we're about to my
mama my mama mix it up with my mama my
mama mix it up yeah oh yeah my god I
tell you I'd I'd let you know okay guys
you ready to mama mama mama mama mix it
up mix it up mix it up here put your
earrings in there let's say ha ha ha
okay watch out hold the bowl
oh honey but Ernest honey butter
deliciousness oh boy there's a honey bun
oh boy just got to grandma's house she's
been texting more late it is gonna be
quite the 'they ask oh this is the
unloading process ah yep what's that
gonna be driving some RC cars today
that's some turkey okay we gotta go in
mom's madam Lee really hey you all you
got me a present yeah oh my grandma got
me a prize what - up that Jam mm ah
dentures thanks grandma grandma jokes
Roman look we're fixing them doing here
we're fixing a new straw get Roman said
that Traxxas would if they would just if
we sent them back they would fix them
but my cousin Tyler is pretty handy with
the steel if you know what I mean Ernest
keep regulators might be patched back to
yeah well we're gonna drive these today
by golly no matter what got some fast RC
cars on her hands Brock you ready to
drive these yeah it's turkey day turkey
day look at that look what was your line
in the music video
don't worry baby you got the turn yeah
you got a deep baritone boys did you
like em on about five times I did yeah
if you haven't seen me and Jax are Co
Rapstar mom's view turkey-lurkey what
was it never mind I'm not telling the
brand yet it Amy anyways we're just
gonna put a whole tree thing on my plate
that's what I'm gonna do - hey how'd I
get stuck at the kids table hey guys
Happy Thanksgiving
cut to the night when we didn't tell
anything was a good day we ate
everything that's why we do Stillman hey
blog ate food eating out banner kids
have a happy Thanksgiving guys are
playing basketball in the basement all
the time huh
Amy do you have a good yeah I had a lot
of carrot cakes how many characters I
don't know did you have a happy
Thanksgiving oh yeah oh dang it too bad
maybe next year Frenchy candy baby uh
Happy Thanksgiving
Brock happy turkey Lurkey day dog love
you guys all right we're gonna go home
now and continue to digest all of these
pounds
you
you
