you ready ready to edit Wow say I'm the
editor now
Shane get in here
Shane's doing some errands right now I
can add it though free you thanks Lance
oh you're the boy and Axton has the best
seat in the whole house just chillin i I
want to be queen of the dishwasher no
you're the garbage princess do you want
to be that why garbage princess is the
important thing then watch your leg
yeah deep hard blowing on a baby part
nail show the camera we've got a boner
mommy are those still smear but banned
your fingers like this now blowing them
that's a lady stood like this guys died
hard knows how to do that I always use a
clear cut at least once a day
come here so hold your fingernails up to
your computer probably screaming wake up
you have to wake your dad up say it's
not bedtime yet thinks that makes it
it's not funny yes that wears the same
look like bra kinda play a day what do
you want a mohawk or a fauxhawk a douche
hawk or a guru ba you want a faux hawk
you want a faux hawk okay people some
some may look on this hairdo negatively
but sunt are doesn't some tart think it
is Coolio
so we're gonna do it you sure you're
absolutely positive yes this is what you
want
look into the camera and say my dad is
not forcing me to do this
my dad is not
that's close my eyes how am I supposed
to film princess heart has a surprise
I'll just keep my eyes half closed so I
can't see you ready okay let's go
so princess tart has been bugging me I'm
busy
that's my eyes to see with me is this Oh
could it be a clean room you love me
we're gonna get the rest of the picture
here in about 20 seconds like guarantee
wait for it Kasey's genitals coming
through in three two the acoustics are
amazing the bearded burly man none of
motorcycle Casey he's Casey he's bearded
he's early
he's the merely burden man on a
motorcycle
Oh oh my god it's Ben I told them I told
you guys they know how pumped I am super
buzz ever we went to New York I remember
all I told them I said we went and we
beat down the stores up the doors of
Morgan Spurlock finish our movie we have
a trailer and I watched it
multiple times and every time I watch it
it's like oh so excited to show it to
you it's good I really like it this J's
gonna show us his sweetest dance moves
this is what we do when we don't want to
put copyrighted material in our video
but we still want to dance that seems
inappropriate was it in security I mean
you ready Gavin you know you don't feel
confident maybe so what is the self
esteem police about we are going to be a
pollutant to eat okay no I didn't I
didn't tell him what we're gonna do I
said we're gonna be police for each
other but what are we gonna do for each
other that's very much of what we're
gonna do is when if I if you hear me
saying something mean about myself if I
say oh I'm stupid
oh I'm such an idiot why didn't I do
that then you are my police so you have
to catch me and say no you are not
allowed that's against the law do not
say that to yourself right and then if
you do it to your nice save and I'm
stupid no if you say that you're stupid
then I'm your police and I tell you not
to do it because then we learn to be
nice to eat to each other and well we're
nice to each other but then we learned
to be nice to ourselves it helped them
strong this boy he's getting a good
workout dropped ID where's daddy
you don't know his daddy at work say
daddy's at work
thank you play I love it the rock guards
at that age where he will say anything
you tell him to say and it's so adorable
every time he says it no matter what he
says it's adorable
hey rocked I'd say would you like me to
do your taxes he's really motivating
guys hanging out with daddy in office
honey rock guard smilin oh it's a bright
light hey buddy shaycarl here with the
baby on my shoulders right here look at
my property then prettiest girl in the
world
hey what's up my wife is almost every
single day she's like she's so tough in
this wait I want that one you have that
one
what's that what kind of dance are you
doing that seems inappropriate for a
five year I said dance dance dance
revelution a hey where you going oh she
got the dance party dance dance you can
hire me any time and I'll come to your
house party and sing like this and it's
so good I know it ought to tell me cuz I
know it's so good when you do a dance
party rock and roll with the stick you
found in the yard
act like it's good charm and then eh
you're playing in the yard and then you
wear a hat that's like a fisherman have
some hangers and then you dance danced
it like you don't even care uh broke
