oh there goes broccoli cheese goat
cheese Oh ticka ticka crazy can anybody
tell what he's singing huh want to see
you down they want to see you bomb it
drags could help them strong jaw this
boy he's getting a good workout that's
what we all need to do for our morning
workout but your headphones on find a
good song that you love and just dance
like nobody's watching or dance like
walk when everyone's watching he doesn't
care
hey I love you guys oh yeah you couldn't
dance too you know it was funny while he
was dancing a minute ago he was standing
there plugging his ears like stop but
now he's joined it you can see won't you
try see just rappin okay just look at
this look at this look at this look at
this look at this look at this I've
never seen this before
hey you turn white look at that anybody
ever seen a red you turn light
welcome to California the future of
stoplight technology stoplight
technology sir you turn right there
safety first she's got the helmet on
she's looking beautiful you ready we're
going for a ride I'm excited we're gonna
cruise down here find a nice secluded
spot and play some beach soccer look at
this hot mama with her helmet on
ax√© Emmy lupus and the hot mama what
you put in your boob area there bro my
Bavarian your blueberry
did you put blueberries in your boob
area ash knows berries oh you got the
greatest helmet hairdo
all right I'm riding the bike pulling
the two babies I wanna see him here they
are are they awake is dachshund asleep
is he sleeping let's see we got a
sleeping baby and a cool little dude
you're a go for a ride okay
yeah I'm driving I'm gonna be pulling
you guys okay okay here we go let's
inform them what we're about to do Gavin
the beach we left our keys there so
we're gonna ride our bikes all whoa whoa
well you're not telling the proper story
loofahs do you want to tell the story
okay okay so anyway he was trying to be
funny in uh my keys were in my hat I
said a joke she picked up my hat she
dumped my keys out Gavin was trying to
not throw me under the bus cuz he's a
nice person I'm the kind of guy likes to
rub it in I'm such a jerk Avia why am I
such a jerk anyways we're going on a
treasure hunt to try to find the keys
that fell out of dad's hat at the swings
stay on the right of the yell okay gotta
stay on the right stand your lame dude
Cecily on the bike cruisin on the bike
path we're gonna go down here I'm gonna
get in the ocean because I got my
swimsuit on alright we are coming up
right here to the Venice skate park and
I predict that one of the prettiest
girls in the world is about to ride her
bike right past this location let's see
this skate park
then prettiest girl in the world hey
what's up love you Emma lupus
Rockland's media hurry cause we're in a
race she's killing it third leg of the
Tour de France Colette is her split sir
sub 30 seconds she's right in the pack
I'm really proud of her killing it
Rufus right up there breaking the she's
the stream that everybody slips into
when they want to just have a nice ride
over the mountain pass because Emmy is
the one leading the wind break Abraham
to pee that's actually really what's
happening mom Rock Uli's alright we made
it to the beach oh hey my boobs about
Gavin we made it to the beach but our
treasure hunt is not successful so far
we have not found the keys and they are
not anywhere we think they might be so
we might have to give up and just get
some new keys hey where are you going
he's just exploring I'm saying goodbye
to everyone I love hanging out here at
Venice Beach it's always the very
interesting people watching played by a
little man are you going he's got his
own agenda
oh look at three a four-person bike no
that's a three-person bike that's pretty
cool you want to ride that hey guys
we're here at Venice Beach and mom oh
dang it
she was doing the ring she them all the
way down can you do it again I don't I
made it gotta wait on check Instagram on
a night like tonight he'll I think I
care being like this
me it's a no for me Oh what I'm gonna do
babe let's go down further a little bit
farther rock coat of a farther that on
pieces absolutely further one more mile
file some of the case we're in the
tunnel
in the tunnel we're riding our bikes in
Santa Monica in the tunnel I keep moving
through these strangers I'll never see
again while I'm singing my songs in the
tunnel
oh hey Brock you having a good time I
love you all right we have maybe a
butler up here on the bicycle are you
having a good vacation young lady
excellent I've noticed that as I see
runners run past me I want to encourage
them so I'll say hey great pace it
allowed enough room to hear me I'll say
great pace great pace like then light
encourage them you know like they're
doing great like wow you're running fast
it means you're growing fast right like
great pace hey great pace great pace
oh you're set the paint great pace tell
me about your right
now we're going to get coconut water and
we're going to pay back their clothes
oh no it's down here we're going to pay
back this lady last night did we tell a
story yesterday last night we came down
here to see you knows we didn't have
cash to pay for parking and I had
already taken out three hundred out of
my debit card and there's only 300
allowance per day she gave us eight we
gave her ten bat interest interest
anyways I think we did I think I said
shutout to Maui and Suns down here on
the end of Washington right here where
the Venice pier is really cool lady just
brought out cash and like here let me
help
give her a 20 give her 20 give her 20
back let's go in and see what she has to
say hey is the owner here you bet that
is gonna be like one of those things
where they're gonna be like what do you
mean the owner hasn't been here for 20
she gave us money last night to pay for
parking all right so we're paying her
back we're giving her interest she gave
us eight bucks we're gonna give her 20
that's good interest back yeah I think
so right tell him where to come down
here to come visit you guys Maui and
Sons & Sons Marina del Rey or Venice
Beach and her name the owner's name her
nickname is Trixie yes she said she said
what's that trixin and I said yeah she
goes my nickname is Trixie and she gave
us eight bucks a white paper parking I
said what a nice thing to do
thanks Trixie you guys come down here
and check it out they're playing Green
Day cool store maybe one day they'll
sell trips in here oh look who's in this
skateboard room Gavin buckle oh is it
cool skateboard skateboards everywhere
but not a drop to drink
well they walk a reference bro come on
go Jackson camp Dax and kam yo blue eyes
get your fingers off the sunglasses all
right here we are
next to the surf and shock
go ahead well I'm just singing my song
this up is shocked me in the surf and
shopping shop I don't know how to turn
off the camera so I guess I'm just gonna
record black and baby boo and boogers
take a lot for baby boogers Ryan
oh here's more makeup down and sneeze
he's waiting I'm gonna try to keep him
away from the evil clutches
I bought gems there bitch and you have
to watch out here bitch because the
seals will attack
Jackson's yelling of the seals for me
cuz I'm eating my chips that sequel want
some of it I'm not sharing with my
little family's out there there's a lot
of ways very pretty are getting kind of
far out there though I'm not really sure
about the ocean wave money
you wanna go in the water
okay let's go in the water ready
trying to go go in by himself
a little something about beauty about
loving the moment you're in appreciate
the life you have it's there I'm gonna
zoom there's the moon right there
looking gorgeous look at that that's
like foreshadowing a broken up shark
boogie board comes washing into the
beach that's like the starting of Jaws
76 finish Mr Graham it's gorgeous
there's a man flying on the parachute
there's a VR shivering cuz it's cold
oh we had such a good time anyway so
making songs up yes maybe Jackson and
Colette looking lovely I think it's time
to eat watch you shave in the ocean a
little bit few minutes you deserve a
good dinner again Rob rocks get brave
get brave uh with the waves it's not as
scared hey Jackson I love you did he eat
it
alright let's go get some footage of
Brock get this buck yes by the way he's
getting his butt kicked
pretty bad but he's liking it which
makes me happy because he has been
scared of the ocean for so long Brock
you're doing a great job dude it goes
Gavin here comes the waves
there's Gavin where's your Pig oh wow
especially while we wait for this wave
let's just say all there they nestle
rocking the tricks and clothing tank-top
Gavin tricks and clothing swimming soon
aw somebody touched me wow it's so slimy
that really did just trip me out
anyways look at the sunset oh there goes
Bravo cheese valiant effort I got it all
on camera do that could have been worse
I don't think the view could have been
any better though so man look at that
Gavin hi I love you right now as the
cameras are rolling let me just say one
of the greatest moment oh it's so
beautiful out eleven eleven alright
let's go figure out what we're gonna
have for dinner shall we sing a
sunsetting song sister
and the cotton
I feel like they can see my jerky breath
and your hush little baby wind out of it
I can show you yeah we'll just to do
you're so cute owning kiss all of y'all
right I'm of a Kate hey go ahead say
ready the joke and also laughing at it
yes I laugh at my own jokes I said turn
the camera like I'm gonna say that on
camera because I think it's funny and
clutch like it's not that funny huh then
she turns the camera ready okay I'm
ready for the joke remember it was and
it was flawless woman don't look now
looking at the sunset
wow it's covered up right where Samara
she made fun of it another months gone
wrong the chance thanks a lot now we
miss it hey let's show the kids that we
still love each other
these nice people have agreed to let my
children try this tightrope hey that was
actually pretty good buddy thank you for
letting them try it yes you are good job
I was a good save good this is what
Venice Beach is all about okay let's not
break their thing okay it's heaven also
amy has a sand puddle in her yeah oh my
gosh I feel like babe you're my little
beach babes I love you you the beach
gave to him huh battle Waterboro beckons
are we liking it Burpee time with the
buckler kay Daxton show us your burpees
he's actually the one that started it we
were all just hanging out and he started
doing burpees he's like come on you guys
we're gettin fat reading to me too many
chicken fingers
miss nude Barbie Oh
fire we throw ourselves on the ground
don't hit on him look at these two good
burpy Jackson oh so cute like what the
heck
baby burpees I love baby burpees they're
the cutest died that very purpose
I don't like large bearded man burpees
those are hard her Gavin baby burps are
cute burp burp burp burp Gavin what did
you just say right before I started this
insulin I was thinking um what if like
if if we did and the vlogs not saying we
will but if we did we should have like a
grand finale vlog like what what and I
asked him what would a grand finale vlog
consist of if we said this is our
farewell vlog Elvia the saying I do what
would be in that vlog um it probably
very long like the Christmas special or
or we could just do crazy stuff or the
last one could be like a crazy Christmas
special I don't know Oh be like this
crazy bungee jumping episode and we cut
right before we bungee jump so you don't
know if we ever like died bungee jumping
I like that idea I like that idea where
you don't know if the Shaytards are
alive or dead and the vlogs are over
then every day you'd be like I wonder if
they're alive or dead I guess I'll just
watch the reruns and dismiss them
anyways on that note thanks for watching
today's video where we didn't leave you
in suspense of our death and we're
coming back tomorrow well maybe I mean
wicked dies maybe you never know hey
let's talk like if we died today and you
guys never hear from us again we love
you I do we love you that's all that
matters is love love everybody love
yourself love your neighbor love your
mom and dad love your brother and sister
love your enemies and especially love
the Shaytards really is the overall
message of the vlogs is we just love
we're all family we're all here together
let's work it out there's that one jerk
I don't love him just joking you should
love everybody longan yeah we have yeah
that's why I usually do it by myself cuz
you guys are so freaking Gabby you guys
won't stop talking maybe burpees maybe
burpees maybe burpees baby burpees okay
go do five burpees right now guys
mommy tarts doing five burpees I'm
ending the end slate thanks for watching
thanks for thumbs and up come on
those are starfish burpees get up move
it woman click on the end slate and
mystery vlog if you want to see what the
shade hurts I've been doing every day
for the last six years you haven't even
had one Burpee get up you do five I said
you were doing the end slate gavin doing
for her go you guys clothes laying on
that she's barely getting up it's a I'm
sorry I'm glad you guys are here I know
she's biting my niece she's biting my
knee I gotta go
