I'm on vacation I'll vlog a little bit I
kind of like it but only because I like
it I'm not even gonna try that hard so
I'm gonna play like bad camera angles no
give a good gosh darn cuz I'm on
vacation
well that's it tricks and booth is going
down we're loading up and VidCon is
officially over I guess not officially
over because they still got the Wii the
King yes we're gonna go as a leader game
show and then we have to make their
studios party a lot of this J's gonna
show us his sweetest dance moves from
the nineties babe from the 90s show us
the little pink Panther's after the
nineties I'm not sure where that one is
fries we are cute this year from the 90s
I am I lived every single second of the
1990s I was there every second that
ticks by I breathed we were cute kids
fan club just making out with her neck
sorry
alright we are done with VidCon so we
just finished VidCon yesterday was the
like the wind-down checkout day drive
back to the apartment and now we're at
the mall to see you so it's been a busy
week we're just gonna finish it off with
some fun the ladies would I'd see it oh
oh here's so cool Jackson doesn't feel
cool this morning he's ready to sleep
for a whole day doc so ducky just can't
talk to you right now
okay what's up what I thought the Second
Coming was happening is it a guy
floating in the air I was like oh cool
Jesus isn't here yet but Gavin avian M
ER and so is that River
oh yeah there's quite a few of them good
I see them there's another bit of bigger
little school
so what it is okay cool that's it
thanks for clearing it up for us Gavin
what are we doing where we at well these
are the canals they call this the canals
show me my bikes yeah we're gonna go
down here and rent bikes we're walking
to the beach we're gonna run bikes and
have lunch because Cole exit maker
studios let's go get off your iPod
sister you don't even have Wi-Fi nice
the kids got iPods not cell phones
everybody ladies you look fabulous
would you like a okay your hair looks
really really pretty oh it's very like
Lord of the Rings yeah what if you did
seriously and then people around him
you're like just overly over here like
don't even say it I had a boyfriend tell
me that once thank you were there big
ears nothing he was not a good boyfriend
Faisal in high school I would try to
glue my ears to my head did it work the
question no because look how big my
you're beautiful you guys love your ears
they're beautiful
here you know at the beach Gavin rocking
the tricks and shorts on a Tuesday what
a blessed life baby sword running our
swords solid safe come to me the
studio's our children born with Ord that
sand and I dropped it three times
because I'm a stupid loose
hey guys what's up shake well here we're
on Venice Beach walking around with
nothing to do and that's exactly how I
like it
my phone want to do anything I want to
be left alone
I'm on vacation I'll vlog a little bit
cuz I kind of like it but only because I
like it I'm not even gonna try that hard
so I'm gonna play like bad camera angles
no give good gosh don't cuz I'm on
vacation hey guys did you have a good
time we went we went swimming I didn't I
didn't vlog it because I'm on vacation
did you have a good time
great where we going no food probably
probably some restaurant my vacation
walking on the beach on vacation
walking under tiki huts that's what you
do when you're on vacation walking under
tiki huts from the beach when you're on
vacation yeah
yellow shorts you
I like that one a lot I really like that
yeah we just wow guys look look it's cut
like Panthera this one's really look at
this you know maybe sometime was it
insecurity I mean you ready Gavin do you
know right you know felt confident maybe
insecurity like you don't feel secure
like sometime you sing oh oh or I don't
look good in this shirt or people will
think these shoes aren't cool or my nose
is too big
like that mas yeah
wishing to mosque for friends from Bali
oh I'm so good guy a Lucas lipslide yeah
angel but really we all inside something
yep
what are your secret who are you I'm
just walking by I just peeked in and
we're getting a play with no special
artwork this is do you ever feel like
this anybody plus the kids I was talking
to the guy they're in here hold on sorry
I'm ruining and ruining the experience
I'm ruining the heart kids can I just
say now since we're in such a cool place
that we were just walking by randomly
and then we ended up in here with you
yeah wow dude I think I just got the
chills is it like got more crisp that
was let me see her nails yeah oh she's
been painting hold your hands up by your
face like this like this - yeah that's a
great thumb no that's okay you're sure
that's great
it's like neon it's glowing holy crap
that's so close this might be the
coolest black light room we've ever been
in
this guy is not impressed it's too bad
because we think it's really not great
oh yeah get in there we are we're making
art right now yeah good job everybody
hey okay so if you're in Venice Beach
come to cue art whoa
that's what changes everything I mean
this and my happiness is a choice like
election mantra I think I need a room
that's a goal I have an art can I make
an art bowl is that a weird goal to make
a life goal that's an art goal I want a
room that's full of blue and yellow
paintings that are kind of like talking
pieces on happiness is a choice and we
have that first one and I think I want
this one what wait oh we're gonna check
the one you're just working on yeah yeah
yeah cuz that's the paint that's on her
hands right now
and now we can see it in the light this
is like real time art creations your
first time was your hands out though
hold your hands up that's the pant
that's the paint right there that she
was just putting on the canvas it's
beautiful hey it's beautiful come on
smile a little bit look in the corner of
his eye I saw it he was like that was
pretty cool what do you think he's
feeling what emotion just sadness or
what else do you see in there anything
else it looks like he just got his
feelings hurt to me like somebody said
something and everybody just turned
around and isn't looking and he has that
look on his lips right there you can see
it in the corner of his lip where it's
like man that really hurt my feelings
and he's about to turn away and then
wipe it all off and smile again but
there's that brief moment when he's like
man there are my feelings no I don't
know anything
dude that was so cool wasn't it awesome
this place it's so fun you want that in
your room well maybe one day check these
guys out get online we were literally
just walking by that one painting with
the big nose the blue and the yellow
that artist is amazing I love his use of
blues and yellows never thought I'd say
that
I love his use of blues and yellows you
guys know I'm a fan of blue and yellow
paintings you just like come in yeah
Phil hook them up you guys that's just
like free full promotion
he was cool I want to be cool to go
check them out go see that stuff that's
cool
that's a ring ting-a-ling-a-ling
ting-a-ling-a-ling me
bjbj
look at that straight through there
that's the moon
Cheers
only that's amore
by that chair
yo hope you guys liked today's video
started took a few days off cuz VidCon
was crazy i did make a vid con playlist
with all seven videos for all seven days
VidCon 2015 is officially a wrap and boy
does it feel good I can't believe we're
done with it man
we were planning and preparing for that
thing forever and now it's in the books
and we move forward to the next project
which is vacation huh we're gonna stay
in LA for a few days and just relax so
there'll be a few videos hang in there
but we're gonna just kind of take it
easy which is what we've been doing for
a few days that's why you guys haven't
seen any vlogs but here's one today you
can thumbs up and leave a nice comment
on and if you're good there just might
be another one tomorrow click on
yesterday's vlog if you didn't see every
video from the playlist from VidCon
check them all out click on the places
really good click on the mystery video
bye bye
