hey John flying Superman you don't know
what in here stretch it out
little chubby in the morning like your
shirts a little tight show your belly a
little too much utilize the back to
those chairs stretch it out a little bit
there we go no I'm not so fat
wait yeah he's got his new shoes and he
likes fan turn new shoes on look at any
socks
moosh walks Olga Kay socks buy them
online my good friend Olga Kay gave me
some moosh walks last night Superman saw
my chair
nice make my head Gavin you did it yeah
you put much time and effort into it or
just uh uh leather brother I don't care
Oh weeks hat on your head well that'll
mess up the hair do it I guess God is
the great outfit I did you on Q&A panel
right now are you some questions and the
answers and we're going to all head on
down there to see if we can think of
something to say about not have a
problem with that
because I like to talk about so liya
dying Superman songs you don't know what
the socks are blue box cool stick it to
us camera lens inside now now you're
gonna want to get a bill from maker
studios
hi that I like your hat tricks and hat I
like your hat my god we're on a tricks
and watch we're headed hey I like your
shirt
hi she had a five-year anniversary
Shaytards shirt on
only rock back we're gonna play king of
beanbag Mountain
hey John catch Ricky
catch don't play with the VidCon Lounge
beanbags like their pillows I'm texting
Casey right now to ask him if L come
moderate our Q&A why do I talk about
that I still think it's cute you can
toggle Bethenny's
and texting Casey to come
maybe probably
here's where Casey is Casey's in the tub
we're going to get the rest of the
picture here in about 20 seconds like
guarantee wait for it Casey's genitals
coming through in three two hey my play
the game
such a bright light
turn paparazzi come John John
Jackie John's Oh duck don't get out of
here is Jonathan
but it just can't be went out there just
right I just
buddy I'm late
all right so we are going to do a
question that naturally shade and play
cards and
behalf back st. Carl Orff a good cause
shake it right now
Oh
that's all
Oh
because a player I saw today
no can you get up here and get away like
that
oh that's like move one - a back
so man we're headed over there right now
so just like yeah did you see it do you
like the new cut I'm pumped I know I saw
and I was so excited I was like yes
that's perfect
okay I know I'm so excited okay we'll
get ready okay seeing us I just got off
the phone with Korey he's coming down
I'm going to do rehearsal for the big
announcement vlog you mentoree is
happening and I can actually tell you
right now Morgan I can I can't I can
tell you I can tell you give me just I
can tell you okay so mmm-hmm hold on I
want to like compose myself because I
want to tell this story when I very
first thought about making a documentary
movie my very first thought was I want
Morgan Spurlock to direct that
documentary
he owns a production company called
warrior poets that is amazing maybe you
saw the supersize movie he ate
McDonald's for 30 days straight he also
has a TV show on CNN Morgan Spurlock
Inside Man supersize me lots of stuff oh
he also made the One Direction
documentary maybe you heard of them
Harry Styles those dudes he is making
our movie so me and Corey Vidal we got
all the footage we got all the shots and
we took it to Morgan Spurlock at warrior
poets in New York City and we said
Morgan help us finish this movie and you
know what he said he said yes and we're
about to go tell everybody that and I
just told you that so vlog you mentoree
the movie is happening and Morgan
Spurlock is helping us finish it
ah damn F how good were you rolling on
that John because I'll punch your face
so hard oh oh alright that's a wrap
we want that whole flippin the George
Whedon we want that whole clip Andrea
don't cut any of that out look you can
see I'm getting old around the eyes a
parrot there we all do this for much
longer
I hope the kids get talented so
John you just tell me why I sent a text
to Coria okay
get out of here John turn off the camera
there's gonna be a montage of the only
battle on stage at rehearsal you bout
here
that's huge Shay goes on top
information are all here because 2006
annual on for him everywhere great guy
that sexy cool read by everybody what's
going on VidCon 2015 I
to make this announcement so long this
way to be melted off of my shoulders
even in rehearsal feels good
I'm shrugging off you sure yeah I was a
soldier think you don't watch Corey show
bright now just left the hotel
oh no she's here
you got her luck wait here we're doing
it we're doing it
Moyes you bums oh my gosh it's been but
I told them I told you guys they know
how pumped I am my super puzzles ever
went to New York I remember all I told
them I said we went and we beat down the
stores of the doors of Morgan Spurlock
finish our movie and he's like okay okay
and that's how we got him to make a cup
of sweet snack it's violent to like a
year persistence and violence and we did
we're making a movie together
that's all about you guys hi James a
dirty business
I've changed the way we consume media
and how you guys were shaping the future
of everything that we consume here's a
sneak peek check it out oh I can't leave
you guys didn't see that yes oh my god I
haven't seen that yet that's as we
wanted right yeah that's why I said I
cried because I cried like that's what
we want to do I have this exact same Poe
case this yours yeah
dude look we're twins but I took my
phone case off cuz I put a Mophie on it
and this always happens to me then I
can't find the Mophie charger so I take
the movie off but I don't have a case
but I drop it my phone's broken
can I
here's your funding I was sold loggin
yeah Oh stretch in the backyards look
can you do this can you pee watch me pee
yeah I know you can do that touch your
toes you keep your legs straight go all
the way down get up out of your computer
come on right now everybody up get up I
don't care
get up this is an interactive experience
it's more than the internet now we're
hanging out get up if you were the room
I'll grab you I'd grab you I'd say come
on get up get up get up now watch
point your toes like this everybody's up
straight legs Oh
touch your toes I'd let you out you
should be able to do that practice
everyday touch your toes well yeah you
touch your toes Oh George can touch the
floor that's good Sophie my heart yeah
she can palm the floor let's show it off
get out of here let's go here's a VidCon
Rosalind rushing to your panel you know
you have a meet great not much time you
got to rush back to the room grab some
food
you're beautiful loving caring wife
scratchy a six-inch meatball from Subway
it shop it up like a hungry dinosaur
and then you go to your question and
answer period and your hands smell like
meatball you can find a bathroom
I got meatball fingers people make ball
fingers what's up guys I don't think
I've addressed the camera in a while
just wanting to say hi I realized that
you're there
I've just been rushing around sometimes
I get in the zone and I don't notice you
but I love it about to go to work with
some real Internet professionals over
here we got Charles Trippy these are the
oh jeez original gangstas I mean these
guys are just working
now
wait now
 did we get like a little outfit
that I wear your camel pants to the Q&A
sit down everybody up here has been
vlogging since the very beginning so
just in case you guys are not aware of
anyone up here let's do some quick
introductions Charles Trippy and I think
videos on beginning
oh I'm Shay Carl and I'm a youtuber and
I'm friends with these guys the book I
just even I'm also friends with these
guys
ah Jesse and I go
I want the bike oh alright guys this is
all this is my good friend this is how
we roll
not tires still ready morbid okay that
you can't some tricks and I like you
shark okay wish me luck to tweak a lot
Jewish mothers is we've done this a
billion times yes I feel any cuts the
actual message family in particular that
done today
but what we're here to talk about is an
announcement that is years in the making
and we are
so I tweeted just a moment ago that this
is the seventh biggest announcement I've
ever made and I think about that I was
like okay told people that's getting
married that's probably the first one
for the Kotori first number one and then
I have my kids y plus my kids that six
this is the seventh
it's me Morgan Spurlock and I'm sorry it
couldn't be at VidCon with you guys but
as you see I'm in Las Vegas shooting
something else but a shaycarl may have
told you we're making a movie together
that's all about you guys how you change
the entertainment business I change the
way we consume media and how you guys
are shaping the future of everything
that we consume here's a sneak peek
check it out the billion people out
there that's so many people paying
attention or you're doing it's weird it
feels weird stuff you can't understand
it from the outside you have to get an
account
be part of it too just have and beat
these people and share our lives is so
unbelievably cool I'm a hot mess
oh you don't know what I'm doing I have
green lipsticks one point yes your first
wife II what I mean what I'm glad y'all
watchin you got to be willing to make a
fool of yourself a lot I take my shirt
off a lot youtubers found themselves
becoming a man industry and it really
was the beginning of the tidal wave guys
that you would see every day now operate
like multi-million
I bought a condo I bought a car when
you're gonna drill that I have
and it's you two
is the job that's never existed in
history and I could have never met it
ever existing it's not just the future
of entertained it's the present of
entertainment
wait sweet now I can go an ordering
service will hardly live three youtubers
two cameramen
and three assistants stuck in an
elevator I got this mob you plan well if
you have a kill it we're stuck on the
elevator with this was fun
good time seeing my back she's always I
have a feeling it's may have something
to do with us holding the door open shut
up what we've been here for 20 seconds
and you're pointing fingers already
now I have to say are you tweeting this
we get a hashtag doors okay with that
clean the drawing of a collab we got a
camera and 20 minutes of battery what
can you think of
we have makeup we need a wardrobe ah me
let's go I need a soundtrack get on that
it's unroll the whole time ten minutes
is it ten minutes hand manner I always
see what is it really awesome oxygen for
a long time because I'm a Krypton so
we've been here ten minutes yeah all
right I'm gonna get on your shoulders
and I'm gonna get up dude I tore open
I see Mission Impossible it's not
yesterday thanks oh my god wow you're
really strong all right
I driver your question its whole damn
place and regression can I not bring
something oh don't get your fingers in
them yeah
all right elevator stay
give these guys a round of applause
Morgan Spurlock's up in esthetician
documentary thanks for coming thanks for
watching our videos we guys from Dallas
Texas
limit
thank you we were very happy yeah really
you know I mean we've been planning on
it like for four months like we've been
working on it thank you
and then we went to sleep and had the
best day ever good night the end
hallelujah VidCon 2015 is officially
over
my goodness gracious it's hard to
believe we have been preparing for this
moment for those 72 hours for four
months meticulously the booth the trixin
booth being there the wallets
we had tricks and Tyvek material wallets
that we put in 20,000 VidCon attendee
bags you know we had a big picture in
the main brochure the booth like I told
our crew I said tricks and family this
is our Super Bowl we were going to be
ready and we did I have not one
complaint everything on went totally
smoothly without a hitch the crew
everybody of the tricks and fam kicked
butt worked the booth every day from 8
a.m. to 6 p.m.
very proud of them all the work and
creativity that went into building this
if you were at VidCon every single
person you saw up on those banners or
the people that run and own this company
tricks and clothing so shout out to
those guys anyways I hope you liked the
vid
shout out to the crew Ricky Elaine John
George and Dre I gotta - ciao - all crew
I was quite the week it was
busy crazy busy constantly going anyways
watch them all put them all in a
playlist for you you can check them out
so click on yesterday's vlog click on
that mystery button I never announced
but on the shaycarl channel is a really
good video that Tim Deegan made of us
doing the Gran Fondo so check that out
it's live on the shaycarl channel and if
you want to see what the Shaytards have
been doing every single day for the last
six years click on those numbers alright
we love you guys we'll see you soon bye
