children look just look at it
would you look good just look at it
where's your buddy ed Bassmaster when
you need them would you look at it I'm
looking at it that's beautiful that's
gorgeous it's simply marvelous I got to
admit I'm really jealous of the brock's
Airport out of it if I had the courage
I'd wear the same thing what's up Batman
what your mom's would watch this that's
what my boys do when he moved out to
California to climb up buildings in a
battement don't yourself don't sit on
your game a lot of superheroes have gone
down that way there you go you couldn't
have made a better jump in that little
footsteps coming down the stairs
Prince's targets first kiss this time
where's your other younger siblings even
got Malik ooh poopy down there hey Malik
a poopy we see your nose oh I'm so
excited I can hardly handle it either
they kept me forever
I'm gonna run around and smell trees and
play on stuff and I can't really imagine
all the amazing things that await me in
the few days to come Oh jeepers
I'll be that giving me K run huh this is
definitely an ensign oh okay is it
broken
I hope not cuz we don't have insurance
you guys wanna dance the hula come on
let's dance the hula her name is
princess this is baby tard and this is
princess tart that's their name that's
princess star and this is baby tars
they're looking at the early she doesn't
want it he's too tired
the blame was on me sorry I worked on
the lyrics still okay I don't know them
all
Dax your big brother Gavin was crawling
at seven months old you're coming up on
nine months now bro
so oh I've offended him
Gavin was pulling at seven months can
you go attend to your naked little
brother assent hard come on
cross your fingers man both fingers let
me see him both fingers cross them like
this
cross your fingers like this no what are
you doing a gang say hmm
cross your fingers like this that is for
good luck you know remember that before
you know it is centered don't say come
here come here come whisper to me and
whispered girls open it what are you and
tonight we're going
you told where we got centered why don't
you take those out what are you
listening to tomorrow rock stuff what's
here who's this
yes let's see being here ready it's
ready for this
check that's on don't tree my wife is
are you so pretty
hey it's mummy Todd up from on that
mommy talks been taking or daily siesta
and now she has come back into the
family
why is my accent what is are you
proposing that's my wife buddy it's my
wife buddy
need one over the top right forehead
area that's good what'd you guys think
Bob does it even faze you
hey hey go get our order like that okay
ketchup burn away cool seven feet water
park and I got all the kids baby Darden
desperate to start over here hey cage
you're gonna get out get out okay so I'm
you wondered how this is the way full
work I think what it does if there's
giant fence underneath here I don't like
just push down arrow for just cycles
water to these giant min rabbin a dive
underneath show you guys okay during
ready
in there there's so much
these tricks in Gibson party
we are watching Footloose by the way on
CMT and it's the big dance is on the
girls are dancing with their doings over
here yeah he's gonna eat it
ultimately guys do you remember this
started this room this is where I
decided baby shake hearts blocks for a
year
that's right here do it with yellow
yellow is for him when he was born I
think I like the blue better Oh
oh my gosh you guys so basically the
only people that have been living here
our family members
I haven't touched it that's one cool
thing about these vlogs is being able to
you know head like measure time and see
how far you've come in just here how
much weight I've lost since that last
video and just all different things that
have happened in our lives
she's got a buddy system here so that
the Clydesdale up there in the front
hello baby charges like that Oh a bunch
of happy children we've made it across
to busy streets so far you guys are good
I might get your treat you're a tree
pillar what's the big deal like you've
never had a much just close and then
died no I love it
ok you guys ready let's see yours baby
tried cute I'm sure old Bert I like that
do you like it alright friends you can
excuse me can you stop throwing up for a
few minutes oh you too hey I think
you're growing SAS print to start stop
growing up so fast earlier when we were
getting ready and mommy tart just got
done doing princes turns hair I said
princess tart stop growing up so fast
she said I can't help but it's Jesus's
fault
who's your office right over there
that's my secretary he needs no are you
going this is my secretary she's Miss
Jones no oh yes Shane excuse me hey
thanks for the shout out so I just came
down here the kids are watching the blog
and reading comments and the first thing
I hear princess let's say she goes the
comments are mean I did not send Shi T
word I said shoot he's reading comments
what are the comments and
some of them are calling you a brat what
do you know about that from the start
what do you think when people believe
comments on here saying mean things
about you guys how's it make you feel
about you
not not to be rude but when you say not
to be rude that doesn't take away the
rudeness that you're just implied when
you say forget about you how do you
think we should react to people who say
mean things about us in the videos just
don't tell about it I mean it's not like
it's their life it's our life we can do
what we think but we do you think they
have the right to leave mean comments I
mean we're the ones that are putting our
lives on when you can get comments
probably Chad Hurley dude that guy who's
been of YouTube how much Kenny of you
eaten so far
none how many popsicles are you breaking
apart I see and I see him smile put my
arms around him
I'm not sure alright because I love the
way you love the way you lie I can only
tell you what it feels like right now
there's the still knife in my windpipe I
can't breathe fast to fight well I can't
fight I'm such a good rapper
and it's a long way
