good job now you have three younger skin
three guys are out of control in here
morning hello okay so we'll be at the
booth like two or three hours and we'll
come back up here and get ready for the
panel then we'll go to the panel hey
mean great right after that got it
check it out I can get anywhere mostly I
just want to be back in my bed I want
full access to my pillows while asleep
asleep you guys same guy just a sheet a
with cars wife maybe how about charger
there like to keep both search which is
wipers and stuff we've got a Power Bars
single plug-in so what do you want to
hear down always love right at 7:00 yes
yes y'all go down the cools we're all
there when it first opens up because
whereas all the clothes in the first 30
minutes and they'll be like for this
party to sprout nice I always like to do
back hand Springs before I go into
VidCon - not today
Shay via what looks better which hat
looks better with that shirt Carly's
gonna get here and change all of this
you watch Carly's gonna be like nope
this is how it looks best and she'll
change it over she's not here right now
because she got engaged last night at
Disneyland congratulations
but seriously actually I should say
Carly congratulations on your new family
we here at tricks in clothing love you
you guys Carly got engaged last yes but
you got he hasn't her to the
hospital she tweeted she ate mangoes and
she's allergic that's why I texted her
back I go you got pregnant already
listen hey Shay
go ask her if we can borrow her vacuum
come on so now the case just told me the
last Gibson to borrow their vacuum we've
already borrowed it once and broken it
I'm not going to go ask again everybody
spent five minutes and get down on your
hands and knees and pick up everything
with your fingers we all work together
we can do it going then yeah Friday that
is closed for all creators they actually
closed the whole expo hall for just like
the creator CA youtubers and so Gavin's
like open the whole bow one first then
that one then we all know and again
three three times I don't know maybe
through that and then we're going that
will over there I'll come right back to
this one okay here we go
your your cement another shot Sumatra me
John
you're racked off the tree they racked
off the off the old wood with a fence
I'm gonna tweet the livestream you guys
if you want to tweet us we are tweeting
Rickson VidCon we will see them in the
booth if you hashtag tricks and VidCon
we have a live stream coming in you want
to see your tweet
I just take this to me wherever I go
VidCon I just set this up I just said
this out I just if I need to like do
some please my god never get allowed to
go the bathroom Oh Ricky a choke okay
I dare you to read this currently
they're adding the list of things that
you can't say in the chat we're trying
to think of any bad word that somebody
could possibly say because we don't want
it up here and we have to put it in the
blacklist list so that those words don't
appear on here but making that list is a
hard dirty job you feel kind of dirty
about doing it what you got to do here
they come
VidCon 2015 has officially began
you're on the ice cream very first
people welcome a vacuum are you guys
help us now we're going to everybody
help out I've always joked around about
doing my beard like I agree mark my
words I'm gonna do it this time
she never wants to stop another joke
time she just wants to go go
we stopped for two seconds when get off
the itinerary than the whole day's room
check it check it check it you guys look
there's yo auntie I see you yo auntie he
just got into town
look at those sneakers he has there a
surprise for Sam I got those for Sam
he's bringing them dude I can watch the
booth the Trix and Booth is live
streaming so crazy I love the internet
watching them at the booth and they
don't even know it I got to watch him
open those live that was so cool and
they were all vlogging it and now you're
filming me watching him open his secret
shoes live as they've logged it so I
could watch it later on the Internet
what are we doing what's going on where
are we Ricky Ricky is this is this the
Internet Ricky is this how it works all
right so I'm texting show them to the
livestream I'm texting Sam right now
then he'll know that I saw hopefully he
sees me because I've been texting them
and I don't think they're getting my
texts on Blake's calling me hold on I
have to deal with camera live camera
issues what's up dude morning Shaytards
crew we are headed to get some things
for the crew that's in the truth booth
and also just for us because we're we've
been in the hotel for like a little bit
too long we got here yesterday but we
were slammed with something right not
just close and then died no I love it
I mean rotten didn't sleep very well so
we just need to get free stuff so that
we can be a little bit more comfortable
home all right we just need the
necessities yes we're actually getting
out for the trips and crew that's at the
booth so they're gonna be effortless
carry-on and all day tomorrow and all
day the next day so they're gonna need a
little sugar baby sugar to husband we're
gonna be doing this thing well we don't
need quite as much baby in a basket oh
wow this is all we needed by
baby good job
besides I prefer out of control
are you okay bunny it was like he's just
standing in the corner closing his eyes
are you nervous Jackson is one li he
will he will try to pretend like if they
don't see if I can't see them they can't
see me oh you don't know I'm here okay
doing it finish your food is he oh dear
you're cute let's go change a bomb this
is the shade our gloves oh wow
remember the time that we were vlogging
in Corey's house and I was going potty
Corey was vlogging and you were sitting
on the couch and I was sitting in the
bathroom and you guys are vlogging and
I'm like I can hear you guys and I'm
like would you do it I'm like I'm
pooping great story so you guys do want
to be shooted um my main stage a
basically a thing I'm going to come out
riding around when I come up come out in
a row and say that I've given up I mean
I've done this five years in a row I can
do whatever I want I'm great father Dan
basically yeah right now I'm watching
shave watching guy guys this is really
rude I'm trying to watch a cut John can
you roll on this yeah so right now Shane
is getting mad guys Rivoli Nagar here
over here trying to shoot a stupid thing
while I'm watching my car and it's rude
you guys I'm watching it
here right on this one
my parents you don't wanna write okay
yelling at che to get in the car cuz
Watsky stolen him I just met watsky I
just that one's gay did you get his for
me already
yep we're gonna go thank you once I get
out here just don't run anybody over you
don't want to be right it's okay Sean
put your cancer stick away watski spits
fat beats the hell they say hey hey was
all right with that cool coming from a
kid that's good where'd my wife go we
all just jumped in a suburb or like
everybody get in with us like I can't
get Bobby where we going
tell my wife I'll find her later I'm
hoping to get a watski retweet Oh bet
they told them to go the wrong way
yeah which did you guys just turn right
or worried no don't don't go that way
tell him you want to go to the back of
the Anaheim Convention Center do not
seem rather there ahead of us other
ahead of us Oh John's laugh and leave
this part in that's my bearing I told
the editor I said if John's ever
laughing leave it in whatever I said
John's we seven that's why I want a lot
of me in the video everyone's name is
John including your driving further
right John are you John
yes no way I picked up a gentleman from
the Orange County Airport and the string
team it was his last name is Conti my
last name is Ponte whose name we know
him yeah you you know jack conte yeah hi
he's gonna he has a YouTube channel
called Pomplamoose he's a really good
artist music exactly you got to watch
you let us subscribe subscribe to
Pomplamoose let me get out shake your
hand skinny bitch it thanks for the
right
Luise VidCon when in chic are all my
youtuber I've been is my six thank you
I've been to my sick VidCon I'm not
coming to 666
VidCon gonna skip that one I make videos
on the internet I create content
ultimately I first started out as an
entrepreneur I always wanted to work for
myself my dad kind of instilled that in
me I've always wanted to work myself and
I hated being told by somebody when I
clocked into their walk it's like I
can't deal with my family from this time
to this time because this guy's in
charge of my time that had a
long-standing opposition to doing things
I don't want to do any guys have that
too usually wanted you so
entrepreneurship seen the best happened
for that
I remember the first time that I went to
make my own shirt you know that's a
weird thing to do go to the mall to the
t-shirt store like yeah that's me
I'm not sure and I had that first box of
shirts made and I went home and collects
like okay nice lol that was I'm like I
hope so and we did I'm not doing
anything less I'm like yes I like this
this is delicious
this feels nice that's enough painting
to watch Internet school on the way over
here the taxi driver was your same taxi
driving from the airport John yes are
you rollin yes okay this is me reg you
guys watch the blog later so guy right
like yeah I was talking to Jack Conte my
name is John Conte I'm like wait did he
have a big beard he's like yeah so we
had a huge conversation in the car ride
over here about your ride from the
airport to here and it's going to be in
the vlog and this is great everybody
your lips no but you guys close up the
video okay this man is a future
billionaire
I'm not joking listen there's a guy that
I'm friends with named Jason Silva who
says the future billionaires are people
who will help a billion people so 16,000
people are living their dream getting
paid to do what they love because of a
website he created so let's do some math
16,000 people family trees I'm talking
lineage one person like you're going to
marry her kids that's like 20 people so
60,000 times a kid you know
12 12 years they'll have wicked each do
the math
he's going to people do what they love
he is a billionaire already yes here
here up so get on patreon and help this
man become billionaire because he's
going to help a billion to I think this
is a good deal I just saw this John
I just stole it from the sky I have a
note from the producer Ricky wants me to
say hey guys we're done with that thing
now we're going to the next thing is
that good Ricky like that okay let's go
fiction this young upcoming youtuber
here it was this
so hi my name is sexy
there we go we gotta meet okay you guys
can talk house or talk babies we like
you have people other people blog with
babies and not easy guys those guys are
super famous super duper famous watch I
can jump off
- Tim I meant tell you one of the
greatest inventions known to mankind
cold dry air the air conditioning was
invented in eighteen I don't know when
it was invented but it's done you guys
look so cool walking good pivot don't
wash your feet deep understand wrong
will happen your owner you are wrestling
again I told you to quit beating people
up oh my gosh my best friend
our she made a friend by watching the
Shh art blogs now her name's Tessa your
name's not tested your dad's name's
Tessa Odessa hi Emily what's your name
you
check it out hi good Carly I've been to
Berlin said I seriously haven't seen
this yet you're the first person that's
letting me hold this what's your name
Jacob a lot I'm just trying to steal
these kids a bit fun money see that
least you guys like it yeah
oh you guys all got different my money's
not in there we'll put it in and then
give it to me dude that's no weird that
these little weird there's real here
like this it smells like new paper
give us tell us we're doing wrong
now in the vlog come on
and ceremonially we always kill the last
guy yeah well thanks for waiting in line
all right good to meet you guys
what's up finish me and that's only two
hours and tomorrow we're doing one for
five hours so ranker in how long box not
x there you go we did it we met we gret
we cutes maze boo Gavin cut high on
sugar hey remember that book we're
writing
hi yeah VidCon it's party time I guess
there goes action oh look at that we
pushed some buttons and food showed up
again I love when that happens
it's like oh look actually we didn't do
anything a via did everything again
thanks thanks they referred to her as
Miss Butler on the phone so everybody
from now on we will refer to her as Miss
Butler may we please have some dinner
thanks a via and this guy is the MVP of
the night
up top every time you guys show up it's
like the greatest time of the night we
love it
shout out to this guy he's our best
friend you want to buy you want to say
 yeah Rock don't mess up this food
they reckon cheese oh yeah silence
who wants some what is that oh that's a
seasoned it like what's that green King
IV I thought that yes that's a matter
why I didn't tell you to bring the
freaking delicatessen well it's that
time of day again when we watched the
fireworks right before bedtime it's
pretty dang magical here at VidCon you
push buttons that brings plates full of
food you meet people from Saudi Arabia
yeah all over the world
England Texas Arizona you name it
we met somebody from there today nobody
wouldn't meet anybody from there that's
a weird place here we go oh wow look at
those Avia do you think this is a pretty
magical moment yeah what do you mean
yeah look at that that is the happiest
place on earth
watching off-colored mortared rockets in
the name of freedom and creativity and
you get to watch it sitting in your
chair from the Anaheim Convention Center
after signing autographs for two and a
half hours excuse me can you stop
throwing up for a few minutes oh you too
hey I think you're growing sass and I
think you need to scrub it off like
barnacles on the outside of a ship
listen I earned this sass you mean - I
did not sign I do not not sign any other
oh I was there the whole time bracket
everybody under the table to be eating
Oreos let's have some more magical
moments open those blinds let me see
these fireworks let me get a good look
what a magical day it was it was cool
Daxton yes it was don't argue with me
I'm your father we will will go there
many more times all right good night
everybody
when you wish upon a star Oh
Oh mom said it's time to go to bed hey
we're doing another for our meet and
greet at 8 a.m. so get in bed 7 Oh what
Brock oh thanks for the reminder buddy
appreciate it
pray come on Collette remember Jesus
let's try not to forget don't replace
Mickey don't replace Jesus with Mickey
look at that that's pretty cool ok let's
pray
don't go gonna go to sleep that's in I
love you alright
can anybody Wow yet what I work that was
a triangle and it looks like a chick
yeah Butchie little heart hey brock let
me see your face look I love you buddy
you're awesome do you guys like the
trixin booth you think it looks good
Brock you know we're up in the crash
registry alright
ty say good night good night
kinda shame
oh say
you
you
Oh
