hey good I like that
right I'm talking here
all rights good morning welcome to the
Shaytards vlog this is another bright
and beautiful day I'm on an errand right
now gotta do my jobs gotta get stuff
done going on a juice run I have orders
for watermelon juice for orange juice
for apple juice no ginger I'm going home
I'm gonna feed the little bird leans the
juice then we're gonna pack all the bags
I said to Gavin and the kids right
before I left
okay everybody packed for VidCon we got
to go Gavin goes we just did that I said
that was the warm-up round now you know
that you can pack for VidCon you're
gonna be better at it we're going to
VidCon so we're gonna drive down to
Anaheim go check into the hotel and we
are gonna go look at the booth that's
priority number one today you guys
priority number one today is getting the
booth locked and loaded
we've put a lot of time money effort
thought preparation design I gotta go
there be like no make that this and do
this and but I think actually it's
perfect because Blake has been sending
me pictures and I'm like then we're
gonna get ready to go to the Smosh red
carpet movie premiere in some big fancy
swanky movie place and before we do that
we're gonna go pick up our buddy
Charles Trippy you guys know my buddy
Charles Trippy plays in the band way the
Kings plays the bass my down
we're gonna pick Charles and Allie up
and then go to the Smosh movie premiere
on the red carpet and it's gonna be a
night of festivities but first we need
our juice to the store we go I'll tell
you what man
the smell it just doesn't get old your
skid here and you smell all the smells
in the boat it's not the saltiness of
the ocean the humidity in the air that
pollen on the trees the restaurants I
can smell the juice like the fresh-cut
it's amazing all right we're going to
get a bunch of fresh juice to take back
to the belly well I don't know if you'll
like tell a therapist about that later
or what but that was fun
you ready go to VidCon okay we got to go
guys dude it smells like pop dude that's
like oh that's that's a good smell
backfire on top ten list best smells
fresh pop bag of popcorn fresh-cut slice
of watermelon
picture it use your imagination dang
sensory overload we gotta go to VidCon
hats back Oh
plus the baby's sleeping so oh yeah
happens all the time
Shaytards vlog brought to you by juice
not your best apple juice you know why
cuz it's from apples
that's it just apples brought to you by
mother nature God science and plastic
this is the best thing you'll ever drink
it's apple juice just plain juice it's
good drink it drink your ration do
you're grounded
great you know great raw organic carrot
juice yes please I'd like to see an
eagle me and an eagle today are gonna
have a staring contest so I'm gonna need
my carrot juice run your muscle milk
just gotta bring her muscle milk
function are in the gym rich milk Oh
start your dough don't really shop Rufus
get two suitcases you got two hands one
for each one do this it takes great
talent to bring groceries down Valley
did it I'll be in the base Gavin playing
Tetris with the luggage getting the
truck loaded up sing it with me one time
now truck load it up pack in the bags I
said the truck loaded up he's back in
the back and um truck loaded whose bag
is that all right so we're headed down
right now Gavin has done a great job
dude you're killing it loving it I'm
loving it we're driving to Anaheim now
video conference to come safety safety
first loaded fair got a smile it's a
monkey oh that's a monkey yeah that's a
gorilla I have one question for your
you're ready to go to VidCon a monkey
back here all right let's go monkey boy
let's move roll out we are on 6:05 we're
headed to add a
we're gonna have the time of our lives
with Gavin it maybe with Gavin a baby
we're almost there ten minutes till we
get to Anaheim
like I said priority number one first
after we get the kids in the hotel room
of course that's actually really
priority number one I need to get these
kids in the hotel room and then
duct-taped to the bed and that's where
they spend a majority of VidCon we let
them out to do a meet-and-greet once or
twice but most of the time they just
spend VidCon duct tape to the bed right
guys yeah yeah so we're gonna go to the
booth I gotta get to the booth I want to
get you Christmas wanna go oh five good
tree they're working on it right now we
have 30 minutes to finish like all the
details I can't get my juices shirt on
now she's stoked all right t-minus nine
and a half minutes till we descend upon
the VidCon did Ellie's
hey yakking their wallets in your VidCon
bag
did you see the wallet combat are you
shaycarl yes sir nice to meet you better
yes
oh nice I gave that to you awesome man
Thank You Shane put your money in that
you're the man have a good day
dude tricks and wallet and let me know
after see it okay that was Michelle
she's that producer helping me with vlog
you mentoree the documentary that I am
working on that it's still happening
we're making a big announcement at
VidCon and I just got a thing I just got
an edit dude I've been waiting to see
this for so long and we're at a
stoplight okay green light I'm gonna
watch it as soon as we get in the hotel
hey are we calm VidCon dude I love it
back here because it smells like the
laundry just where they do all the
laundry smells like a giant dryer Rock
you ready for VidCon yeah Rock guess
what dude do you know how many times
you've been to VidCon I don't how many
how many times five this is your six
this is your sixth time at VidCon dude
alright hey this is the way yes it clear
we on schedule or following a temporary
somebody luckily lost my count off to
small children to Burroughs Brock's here
Gavin's here welcome we are here at
VidCon anything you want
Oh that for some reason look around
there's nothing what in a world of pure
imagination living there you'll see what
you're truly you guys were allowed fill
priority number one up today and that's
check out the tricks and food in the
Anaheim Convention Center that we worked
so hard on building
together it's a collaborative piece of
art kind of oh good I like that like a
big sigh lagaa uh how do you thought I'm
going for those moments I could have
told me I got guys take Gavin and me
shake this man's hand while you're here
I shall show respect
that's like we're going to check out our
booth right now or like look some of
these X's yeah pink green what do you
say yeah what did you say about it I
said you have one of the coolest boots
at VidCon
whoops-a-daisy maybe we should loop that
or something fine we can we make a vine
and you have one of the coolest boots at
VidCon you have one of the coolest boots
advocaat you have so many products I
have two more products are you talking
with my kids or my merchandise de Guise
oh right bring it in bring it in hi
Bonnie what's up what's your name
give me five you're this guy yeah but
this is escape I want to wrestle you
you're right taking down as I'm gonna
take what are you on video right now oh
you're all right let's get a picture
he's gonna get on it together
yeah okay here the man smile dude the
guy who invented VidCon is taking your
picture it should I take a picture for
it for these boxes no it's 5 bucks
alrighty here we got one okay Misa that
is that is a load of 800 a bitch is a
selfie yeah I do do I notice my phones
we know that I don't like that like I oh
I just watched you in a video okay it's
a lot more trailer your linemen look for
the very first person in the cool
everybody yeah then let's go let's go
like a pack of raptors oh right here
right here
we have a booth here we just built our
booth we're coming to look oh there it
is thank you because every year I come
I'm like well I never get to see the
expo hall yes to hug everybody it's like
he like likes people step I've been
doing the CrossFit trying - try now that
I mean that's never gonna help George
isn't it beautiful
you guys it's awesome guys ever say hi
to Hank say hi to her
looks like urban Eunice's what do you
think about the booth Avia what do you
think do you like it
Bobby what do you think I think it's
great great Amy do you like the booth
Chuck
I love it I'm excited I see that's why I
feel good to leave no sits like it's
perfect I don't need to worry about it
they got it under control
it looks amazing it's like the booth is
awesome that's first hey now we're going
to the smashing come here look top give
me five yes yes yes my cousins vlogging
me right now there's a camera on me so I
need to go for a second and talk to so
tell them where I one of the Smosh
premiere apologize to you and Anthony
we're not going to sprouts Marsh the
white can't say their name right smosh
ianh and antony smile I know we were
supposed to be at the red carpet at 6:00
p.m. it is 5:45 40 p.m. right now Bobby
family all in here look come say hi to
the family here's the hotel room
children Lane look
Sophie's where the new tricks and dress
look how cute listen cookie that is
brand new last night
Bobby Bobby tell the people all right
show them the maps Bobby there's a wreck
on the 405 and it's going to be a 90
minute drive to get to the Smosh career
and we are supposed to be there in 19
minutes from now not 90 minutes whose
fault is it what's one of the kids fault
Emmy
Ian Nancy won't want to fight you do I
care but in an empty emiti anyways we're
not going so we're gonna order room
service look Oh a BIA has the menu my
bad I'll just butt out of this I'll be
in my bed tell me where my
my triple-checking patient yeah we can't
go to smush the real chocolate I see
more have to help um get out of her
dress kay bye okay um what happened is
me and Colette just made a video and
sent it to Ian and Anthony from Smosh
apologizing for not going to their movie
premiere and they sent us a movie video
bag and I think I just deleted it dude
look people only like cherchez Smosh
sent you a video back I bet again I bet
you know like moments before their big
movie premiere I bet they took an
inviting it sort of look like you were
invited so you got dressed and you said
hey guys look look Anthony Padilla
there's a heart look you guys emoji he
did look at the neg your name dropping
now whoops are you deleted it I've
dropped Anthony videos name they were
all dressed up they look really good
they're like the pre-party you could
tell that they were cool and smooth
we're losers I told him I said I'm
really pissed off at us we're sorry see
the Smosh movie
um can I start off with a Caesar salad
and can I get two seared salmon three
steakhouse cheeseburgers and however
like those me give you a pro 3 yeah and
what would you like a nice boy
um fries please um I still have a little
more 12 people tell her 12 people yes
okay can I go for you to met kids mac
and cheese
I'm the dad I approve of all of these
purchases yeah you're just gonna let
this minor all order all these grilled
cheese sandwiches what's this bill for
$500 of grilled cheese okay sorry she's
gonna continue yeah hi today um for the
drinks can we get four sprites three
cokes okay two waters and one review and
one pair you too yes can you have
Perrier that's fine I don't care
Pellegrino can you bring some limes - I
want to make a skinny man sprite got it
thank you
okay that's all we have okay so we have
one see this eye which again - seared
salmon we have three big house
cheeseburgers all the medium all of our
friends the condiments will be on the
side we have two kids mac and change we
have two grilled cheese sandwiches with
fries the other kids chicken seasoned
with fruit cut jump and immerse it on
the side three cokes for spice one sort
of you know with some wine or root beer
in choice waters
okay thank you and one side of bacon
okay thank you back in a little bit I
mean this is room service no this is for
food not for beds
Oh guys Dalmatian as though we got a
lump it's fun to take it off good it's
like Oh what some dude in a son
Sebastian the crab are they is straight
up my plate and now we rares gonna pray
little arms young grateful little breath
the Lord does a little video fried
butter prank get ready for germs
love you Annie he knows all the orders
this is your static she goes sorry they
brought you the kids chicken fingers
Bobby you got a girl you realize halfway
through ordering they look I ate Wendy's
like an hour you ordered a grilled
cheese Bobby we got six grilled cheese
one for Bobby and then all the kids I
know these kids are pumping with energy
Gavin's spreading through here like a
team these are knuckle Ellison we have
our badges hey hey go talk to this lady
you need to talk you need to be a mature
adult let's tell her that we have a
booth in here that we need to get in
Dadar time oh look at that hello how's
it going we have a booth here that we're
just just finishing up
yeah come on Tony this girl town why not
Jessie Ware's dexon Daxton look look at
you you're up there on the poster dad
look I see you and Daddy
the stocks too
I started that's I get it look that wall
there it is there's the tricks and line
right there you guys I'm stressing I'm
stressing I'm stressing I feel like we I
feel like I'm gonna bring enough stuff
but enough
if you want to sell out
look so many people come to our booth we
hope that happens though we want
everything this is for sure do do if you
want to come the first day come to come
tomorrow
VidCon breeze nervous we're not gonna
sell out and I'm telling her Bri I'm
worried we're gonna sell out he's gonna
show up and we're gonna have like blank
hangers show him our new hats Bri give
him a tour hey I am just seeing this
with awesome I want that one
alright so this is new I'm just seeing
this one for the first time these are
the new just regular flex fits got the
blues I love that one I wore that one to
the tricks and Gibson party and that's a
new one with the navy blue got the
flowers back with me right that's a cool
one
nope nope this dude we have a wall of
hats like Foot Locker you know when you
go in the Foot Locker we're copying foo
Locker they had a wall out we want a
wall a hat we got camo heads ally
charged this woman double I'm stay on
charge her double on JPEG yeah that just
looks better that's higher let's take a
look let's step back and see if we like
it Oh 10 I blame Tim Tim don't be so
aggressive with that cagey tender loving
care like that I'll give I don't tell
you better yeah is your clearest yeah
and it's you know from back here you
want to have more of an elevated vantage
point so I think those hats up there
just stacked nicely I wanted to do it
color-coordinated know what you already
saw Blues all black
sponsor no look tricks and his sponsor
is fine of it the next night ok spine
and then drink 10 don't cause a ruckus I
am causing about this level all right
look at that
we got fireworks at Disneyland the end
of the day watching out of our hotel
room window what a magical moment guys
okay we're walking talk to me : we're at
VidCon Shay's getting ready to go on a
panel and we're pumped and excited and
things are good oh I'm gonna steal you
guys are hearing me live stealing two
silver sharpie markers and three
lifesavers from behind the VidCon booth
we are at the d5 pole expo hall Dee John
and Hank I just stole two silver
sharpies and three lifesaver mints just
put that on my tab anyways thanks for
watching today's vlog click on
yesterday's vlog we're doing it guys
we're making these 22 minute blocks and
I hope you rock them I think they're
funny
so Boop then I click on the mystery
video and if you want to see the
Shaytards have been doing every single
day for the last six years click on
those buttons plus we just uploaded a
bonus VidCon video that went up right
before this so you got a lot of watching
to do get yourself busy everybody say
goodbye yeah there's 18 me right now
okay see you guys tomorrow
