I feel like I feel like this needs to be
we wish all the other kids could be here
but rot rocked are you guys wanna see
how high I can throw up we're headed a
bit God everybody here we come and I'm
California fighter where are we going
big time you've got a fool so it's like
the night before VidCon and we're gonna
go down to the hotel stay at about 4:00
and I'm just a little nervous and I'm
gonna lie
so me a lot of people there we're
running in
right now running they're running in
they're running in to get seats exciting
on the seats
we're about to do our meetup and they're
getting this line out here of people
they're gonna come in to meet us you
guys want to see em
okay I'm gonna make out with my wife
goodbye hey you guys we are here on the
floor at VidCon so here it is the day of
video conference crazier video
conference VidCon actually Hank green
yelled at me for calling it video
conference it's VidCon get it right hey
put on stage and his wife was back here
and she heard him on stage and she went
sprinting like a linebacker I like like
freaking out like the biggest fangirl
moment I've ever seen it was sweet he
likes me he loves you it was very sweet
she could tell she want to see her man I
on stage she did now that we were saying
how we needed to get the ball brothers
in the top 100 but about 45 minutes ago
the people on for this channel and the
top
are you the Royal I've actually worn
that suit right now I am I'm so nervous
nervous nervous the song right before
it's
yep and what yes she is and awesome
right correct
how do you feel about meeting all of us
I say how you meet how you feel you're
ready to do it I'm spacing I just met
you
hey guys we're just here at the video
conference you guys want to be in my
video it's happening
there's real life going on over here
now get married so we're trying to like
you know involve you guys as much as
possible for those of you who couldn't
make it so that you can kind of
experience a bit con from behind the
screen can you dance she's a good dancer
for friends like promoting her check out
her website I didn't stop home yes
everybody is honorary retard
Molly's from New York and she's been
watching our videos for three years and
we really appreciate it thank you
what other questions you have for us yes
we're excited to meet you guys I was
telling the kids this is like one out of
two times of the year that we get to
like actually say thank you and give you
guys hugs and take pictures and stuff
don't cry yes yes okay let me read the
cards first I hope you like these books
with mommy card oh how cute the tale of
Emily winds winds snapped I've never
read those that's awesome that will be
fun to either together somebody
yesterday gave us this for you and they
said that this is her dog that she had
growing up this happens every time we
come back we bring presents and letters
and the kids get excited every time we
come back to the room it's like
Christmas morning I always look like
such a good daddy
like I got for you but I did do it thank
you and the kids are obviously having a
blast with all of them your kids you
know how popular they are and how many
people watch them they are they're
starting to learn because we had them
all and stuff like dad that lady was
talking about Sammy and monitor me
talking and these people think that's
the Shaytards and then SunGard will be
like waving at him especially thoughts
are that there he is
I wouldn't bring him here because we
don't him to take all the limelight you
know dancing
your dance cards
doing the Sun time job oh snap I love
that move I love that move
and when you can't even anything else
you go to the running man see old
standby router
though it won't
have fun at VidCon what's been your
favorite part
what's your favorite part about VidCon
so far yeah typical answer that's what
you'd think that youtuber would say
what's with your real fun favorite part
yeah we're gonna go sign their paper why
are we gonna do that
why do we need to we're gonna sign your
name yeah do you like it rock card is
only two years old and this is his third
VidCon so who can say that they've been
at more vidcon's he's the youngest
person who has been at the most Vinh
constant this is VidCon number three for
him and he's only two years old rock
turd
do you realize that you've been to every
single VidCon yeah and you're only four
years old and you eat the cheese off a
plate on the airport floor yeah bro you
guys have all been to every VidCon - no
no they haven't that's the thing because
we only took rock tower to the first one
yeah you guys didn't go to the first one
we wish all the other kids could be here
but are you guys wanna see how high I
can throw them
I was so nervous to do that babies
hey I'm doing what are you doing what
are you doing out here on the balcony
just hanging out you having fun at video
conference thanks for asking we're done
oh my Hannah Montana VidCon 2014 fifth
annual is coming to an end
VidCon 2013 officially I am officially
saying right now everybody who came and
everybody who's ever watched and been a
part of this journey I want to say
thanks
acid
it's just
and you like
thank you everybody
you
