Wow I thought it was you guys hi comes
log in here hey get out of login pissed
off oh pretty my wife is are you so
pretty yeah we're going to the beach
we're at the beach we're at the beach
that's Casey love beer at the beach
Vince is at the beach you're supposed to
pull out your ukulele right now wish I
had it
there is Sophie and excellent bog and
Acton and there's Ricky Ricky's at the
betray creating the raki
KC and Ricky are giving hugs KC and
Ricky's hugs with the past
I love KC have amigo God there is gauger
gay Giroux
gauger gauger gay Giroux he's a jump in
jump Aroo there's George Kimmel the
producer where to maker studios hat
whole team is here I just pulled up and
I already have sang three songs and
introduced you to 12 people let's go to
the beach you're gonna see my beautiful
wife if I mentions how beautiful she is
a classic beauty Vince you created a
gorgeous mate Reacher I'm good forgot
that what's your dad - it's about - like
going to this big like how beautiful and
sexy where I'm like Oh your dad's right
there I was married for long yeah here
we are the beach again hey Gavin where
the tricks and shorts lupus with goofus
cages in the water or sabia and Braley
does it feel cold though
yeah the kids are frolicking Brock where
in the ocean do I play soccer KS
Japanese handed right here get your kid
it's your team together we're about to
go on the beach or play some soccer is
this his first time ever like Winston
that's the Pacific Ocean no that's like
it that's how Jackson was his first time
he's like and only I like it
guys come on all right let's just set
out our beach towels here at the beach
we're having such a great time with our
family which means that our team
don't feel my bad
all right we're gonna get some GoPro
ocean footage who wants a GoPro oh
Oh waiting for the big wave
Colette what's she going off a soccer
these are the gold he's worn a lot of
them lane so just keep that lens on me
I'll show you out here all right so
here's the teams it's Shay and Colette
stand Casey
Gavin and gage babe do not let me down I
know you're a pretty pretty little
princess but I want to see some
aggression out there on the field today
here we go
Wow
in I'm Casey on the feel that makes me
have to hustle a lot moment here you got
even better shake when you don't know
she just competitive me and him we've
been competing since we were a lad
we're not that competitive
yeah you know I'm past him ah you just
sitting there
look he's late he's made he's mocking me
the metaphor the metaphor for his goal
keeping the wall by the slimmest of
margins
four to three guys better up your Dee
we're about to school about to win this
game
Oh
she's beautiful and it's tied up for two
for next goal wins the sting of defeat
is real
all right we are getting ready to order
the trixin party me my Madre and my papa
you know hi are you excited to go to
this party yeah I'm gonna have to miss
the end of the incredibles here though
right now that's gonna be a bummer but
we'll get to see Callie that will be an
incredible oh yes
not a bummer and you get to stay here
any pizza with Sophia what kick your
hocking loogies
you know what they're gonna are you
calling good nullable what
don't go to the pool oh sorry children's
they're like a whole different language
you have to learn to speak it sometimes
it's really difficult where are the
girls
Emmy breathe gonna miss you you come say
goodbye to me ah
where are you can't you get off your
device for two seconds to come and love
on me just love me I need you to love me
ah Evie oh look dad seemed um he didn't
want you guys to be here sorry oh I love
you guys love in qgis we're very engaged
they're probably gonna come soon not
like the love Oh
baby love me give me love me look at him
wiggling look my mom and dad look
fabulous
my mom has pops of red my dad he's got
the essence of summer the essence the
essence of summer undershirt but to give
him some tricks and hats - yes be good I
love you
ladies yeah we have those banners break
it happen it like time is Derek here uh
this is lane John Flavel
camera lane hey later we say how to Lena
John George let's check this out Lucia
yeah do you guys look at it yeah yeah
thanks games walkthrough Logan was just
explaining to me this setup that I
ordered recreated and I said hey let's
do this
this is sweet this is actually better
than I gone this is better than I
thought I was like hey could we just
have some cool like photobooth thing and
they got 28 Canon cameras how many is it
24 24 I said I wanted 28 dang it take it
down
Isis anyone okay yeah
three walks in through the roof do you
have a list list good I need to put a
few I'm trying it up front right now so
your little smalls we write so many
beautiful hanging out there right our
table look at those acoustic things
those are like rock climbing wall
holders no I'm gonna rock my jam tonight
I know a little bit of Queens right do
you dude that's all I got
then I learned John still gonna learn
how to play the guitar mark my words
or I die
Oh some tricks and gift bags take these
babies to Mexico I'm just riding down
the new tricks and dresses Logan McKay
rocking them this summer
dude they're so comfortable where is
that where's the dress I do don't I'll
pay you a hundred bucks if you wear that
to the party Marley our sister designed
this dress she should wear this tonight
she better and it has one cut in it I
noticed that when I was wearing it on
that side right when I was wearing it
you guys I just got a text from Timothy
DeLaGhetto coming tonight's party guess
who's a big big boy big fan agent
Americans de Haan he's so excited to
meet Timothy DeLaGhetto see your night
Tim and Ricky Rick is coming to this is
a big moment
yeah like we designed this we picked the
fabric we picked the shape of the pocket
everything dude I love it oh yeah
there's a ladder oh okay
yeah we cannot like
is what you kill yourself no Sonia
jokester I don't know I think lower that
was cool and you got up there though I
was cool for a second alright so the
party's all getting ready in there and
collect just pull up she just clocked me
and said she's here and I'm kind of
thing so I'm very excited to see her
because she said look Gibson is so cool
we're having a party with Gibson
blankets kara yes yes yes yes yes okay
so these were the reasons I'm excited
one my wife's hot you already knew that
too
she had all these outfits planned and I
mean then never heard like what she
finally decided on so I'm excited to see
what she's wearing
I think she's gonna be stupid
let's scare as she comes around dang
getting him I think she saw me I was
taken out there I think she saw me kids
anyways here she comes
I'm gonna try to scare her but we'll see
did she get scared I thought it was you
guys that's loose I growled at it oh my
god sorry sorry she looked at me like
that what does it do out like oh I'm
just scaring my wife babe let me see
this ensemble very beautiful okay do you
look amazing you would like it what why
I want to jack it off why would I
I like non jacketed wives I like it
no yes I totally get
you're totally by Trixie what if the dog
had attacked me oh and you watching to
be attacked by involved with my heel all
right come in like you're Sam Anderson
hey we RSVP'd to the party really clear
yes welcome to the party yeah yep right
in time
all right here we are
truck get in here I've been hanging out
with these two guys since I was in sixth
grade when did we meet Trev so try not
like you having a good time you're on
vacation
smile derekgray Trevor why I'm here to
give the trick to Amy
hey say hi say hi Jason he was siding
with a baby I sadly jopen that like the
guy nice bullet piloting bullied me Bob
I did not totally she wouldn't be a
violent bully he would just be a bully
that was forgetting your head to hell
manipulation emotional Derrick was the
bully I know I like Steve Derrick to
swim out I'm suggesting there's a chance
with the ladies you go can you raise
your hands in the air there's there we
go yeah try to act like you don't give a
good gosh darn but I think she's excited
Trevor
all right thank you had the Trix and
Gibson
I've been so long look how beautiful her
hair is order now and that's how he's
gonna go see water I can't wait
yeah I'm excited
okay this is John Frank he's the he
planned this party basically next Johnny
Gipson get the hint on a raise okay I
was in charge over at Gibson give John
Frederick ready look at your hair wow
you're slim trim look Timothy DeLaGhetto
just like my photo thanks Tim appreciate
it
thanks Timmy love you moolah
welcome to the party put your hands
together we haven't even done anything
yet whoa babe you look gray look alright
so first up to bat my fair fiend on tour
right now we lucked out and caught them
in the middle of their tour they are
going to Sacramento soon where you going
next where else San Diego and Long Beach
Friday and Saturday boom Beach everybody
put your hands together for my fair
fiend I mean only all of my closest
friends and family are here
I've got 10,000 people the livestream
Peter Gill right
I think
like I'm putting on
we're gonna be natural now this is what
we usually do
so subscribe follow them on Twitter
check them out on the road My Fair fiend
this tonight is all about family this is
my sister-in-law my mom is there I'm
wearing the same shirt as my dad me and
my dad are wearing the same shirt
tonight
how embarrassing and I was going to do
the eye thing but I'm glad I didn't
because that would have been double
awkward same time alright so welcome to
the party all of my friends and family
goodbye Internet everybody I want to
buddy to know that I am here with this
girl this is my wife Colette she
believes in me when I told her that we
wanted to start a clothing company with
my brothers and my sister and my friend
from high school
hey Derek uh and my brother in law and
she said okay let's do it we have five
kids right you know that I mean yeah I
remember she's like okay just as long as
you keep that in mind so shout out to my
wife I love her she is so beautiful
she made five human people with her body
this body I helped to but she did most
of the work it's a 60/40 split all right
goodnight thanks for watching we'll see
you guys later bye II hit it DJ
you
all right
all right tricking you to give me a
wind-up what do you think man so can you
say like over but smarter every day with
her I stand girl'd over him it was good
though yeah right private we begin says
dude private with the Kings performance
Travis Clark I wish good word front I
greeted everybody not because I was
trying to be like oh you wanted to
everybody taking this one home right
here hey what are you doing you want to
go home with me yeah let's go get tacos
I was gonna say can we go eat somewhere
my everybody is like ooh sexy time I'm
like taco is is a as cokie is alibi room
open right now
yeah dude timothy delaghetto thanks for
coming to our party dude this appreciate
it what's my wall to know I'll be there
to MTV to check me out traffic music
drop it Tim big fan Tay Zonday out here
when's the che album thanks Gibson boss
is driving by oh that's a product
placement they did that on purpose
there's you wanted a boy I'm
vlogging yeah I'm doing it everybody's
father you don't
where was I was talking to somebody that
I've been infected tribe Tyler's here
Hali Rose how what you guys think he's
right what's your consensus on the party
like dentist sublime nevertheless it was
a good party Chester C is here oh my
shad from the clip critic sister Jude
Karen Lafitte here
I literally on a text chain the you have
gotta stop Oh Boyce Avenue boys are we
playing every oh yes yes every year at
VidCon I haven't actually been doing no
yeah it's three years is it I don't know
I feel like we were going to try to go
to playlist maybe it didn't time is done
yet and as the second annual VidCon
Boyce Avenue back me up I think it hurt
no I think it's 13 Chester thinks its
third I feel like we I think I feel like
I played in my dress clothes for three
days Tyler wore case with us we're going
to see you on the court I know party's
over
goodbye everybody get out of here
everybody leave this is where the
courthouse is mostly full year round
live you're outside gives you yes and
gently guided yeah we've been asked to
leave for 20 minutes that's how we're
getting home yeah that's your vehicle
yeah 77 if you lucky number get more
pork I will we are tonight after we get
tacos hey guys subtle shades making me
ball in the bathroom because he said
it's amazing in here so let's check it
out okay we got mirrors in every stall
because everyone wants to see themselves
as they go to the bathroom right I love
this chair where my leather jacket
decided to sit
and then these Sikhs that are not there
it's like what are you honored it you
probably do that no there you go they're
gay I got some footage of the bathroom
usability the ladies bathroom and that
is the end of the night finishing right
here waiting in a minute here we got
Casey I don't know have I introduced
Casey yet
Casey is my cousin it was not my dad's
brother's daughter
yeah my dad's brother Dana my uncle Dana
that's his daughter Casey she's the
other Casey Butler in the world yeah
Casey levere Butler is my brother Casey
Butler is my cousin Cecily Jenkins okay
like initials you you two Co P okay so
that's a wrap on today's vlog exactly
rappin yeah
I'm going oh I'm taking these three
pretty lady some do a dance for me
trixin Gibson party stinking sentence
and Dixon gives you a party oh okay this
vlog brought to you by meat cooked in a
steak house see you tomorrow in the
parking garage in the parking garage
sing it you guys sing it with me
ah nice a via baritone thank you for
watching today's vlog we hope you liked
it
hey I think we have a valid argument
with Colette saving that goal
I think Casey and Gavin I know I saved
it you did I totally saved a slow-mo
proves it once again technology proves
the truth to the people that want to
know the answer did Colette stop that
ball the answer as we all saw with our
own - Oh host that size in Spanish ha ha
knowledge dropping a hashtag espanol
bilingual Kol diverse international man
of leisure anyways we won we're tied or
definitely didn't lose to Casey and
Gavin rematch right now I'm calling out
Casey LaVere my younger brother who
cheated
did you hear hey did you hear the
footage evidence has been proven mom
saved the goal all right you ready to go
again
so yeah so technically hold on I'm
talking to my cadet she saved it yeah
what does that mean that was that means
you did it so it means the game's not
over is what it means means we're tied
still it means it's four four we need to
finish the game everybody we're gonna
have to see you back on the beach the
game is still tied the game is not
finished we are in the parking garage
ah click on a video yesterday's video
was a great one I thought the swimming
underwater mermaid kisses montage was
great shout out to the editor things are
going great I hope you guys are like in
the videos mommy tard anything you want
to say to the people tell the thumbs and
I love you told is it I believe a cult
favorite like comment subscribe comment
I guy said that twice alright I'll see
you guys tomorrow we're headed right now
we're like in the parking garage packing
up the truck the tricks and crew is
calling us like where you guys at we
need to set up this booth and figure out
all the details and we're making ends
slates in parking garages we love you
guys this is fun it's craziness thanks
for joining the ride we'll see you
tomorrow everybody say goodbye bless you
Avia sneeze that's her goodbye all right
we'll see you guys tomorrow
