that's bad boy alrighty we are in the
car are you rolling rolling for bogey
are you rolling yes you guys we're
vlogging this is weird we're like kind
of reality showing it a little bit
there's John look go over here this is
weird
bears if I just held it I would feel
more ok so listen here's what we're
doing this week I was talking to Ricky
who's not here with us because Georgia's
driving I was talking to Ricky who's a
producer at maker studios some of you
who have been with the Shaytards for a
long time may have remembered like five
and a half six years ago we moved from
Idaho to California to start this
company called maker studios these two
are like the first what employer you
like number four four so the fine
brothers actually hired John Lane Blake
all at the same time right yeah Michael
Blake at first you didn't like Blake oh
we all it was like a done figure stuff
out anyways so I said Ricky I want you
guys to produce the Shaytards because
we're always so crazy busy during this
time it'd be great to have a crew follow
us around so you can see what it's like
while we're here at VidCon it's gonna
it's not gonna be reality show it's
still us we're gonna just do what we
want better be better better cameras and
basically this is an excuse to hang out
with my friends from maker studio
I'm tricky maker don't tell maker guys
don't tell maker studios that I said
that I needed this production crew
really I just wanted to hang out with
John and Lana put your seat on belt on
John Ari
dude it's hot okay so we're going to
rent a car right now my parents just
landed hold on I got to get Colette on
the telephone we're : mami tarde
all right family sounds good I'm going
to get the rental car right now and then
I'm coming back to eat my tacos so
nobody eat my tacos Colette save me some
limes I love you okay so they're getting
food grandma grandpa here I'm going to
get a rental car so that my parents can
drive from Los Angeles to Anaheim to
VidCon and it's a crazy day this is
gonna be a crazy week let's go to the
rental car place back it up back it up
George back it up back it up oh crap
Johnny you're rolling yeah so you cut
this out just kidding we're in the
parking lot don't cut it out we're fine
ninety percent of accidents happen okay
it's on okay you guys I have a
microphone on you're coming with me to
rent the car let's go we can find how to
get in there oh shoot they're all out
they said they said they would leave it
here what the heck this is where the GPS
I feel like I'm on a game show now like
somebody doesn't like come out of a
helicopter and be like Shane do you want
to go on this journey right now to use
Beca Stan you got to choose right now
Donald Trump's gonna fly down and ask me
to be his vice president oh I wish
somebody was in here she's reading a
book she's like I had to get down here
husband's snoring we come all the way
out to Los Angeles and he's snoring the
first 50 minutes I can't read my book
good you're all it's weird I do have to
admit this I do feel like I'm putting on
a little more for the camera because you
know like every time that I film with
you guys I'm like acting or whatever
it's a bigger project so now that the
cameras on I feel like I have to like be
on and keep making jokes and stuff yeah
so maybe that'll be a good thing or a
really bad hopefully hopefully and
that's what we're going for it the
Shaytards log's we're going for fun
that's been that's been rule one since
day one sir we need to rent a car so
they rent cars here do I have to be
staying in the hotel that is that is
convenience my friend sorry we've missed
you have just stepped away to either
assist
okay if I was good at the internet and
cell phones I would get on that internet
and I would make my order so but that by
the time they got up here they could
just pull my order up be like oh that's
you mr. Butler why don't we try online
reservations just clicked on it
maybe if I call the phone not my booking
it's the smartest thing I'm trying to
come up with different ideas and I
should just stick with my original plan
that's true always go with what your
first intuition says I have denied the
request to find my position it's too
hard I told you if I was better the
internet I'd figure it out but instead
I'm gonna give you a little more man
history these two fine gentlemen Mormons
they'll find the Book of Mormon in every
Marriott hotel
wait listen
so that phones are again hold on
yeah all right let's go I need the
biggest vehicle you have at your
facility the most humans that I could
fit in a small area you have like a van
like a cargo van how clean doesn't have
to be because I don't care I just take
it and I won't even say nothing to
nobody about nothing you just be like
save you time save me time save you
money nobody like threw up in that right
yeah I told my wife she's like let's get
it at the airport I was like no there's
gonna be a place down by the beach
promise and you you or who I was
thinking of I didn't know at the time
that I was thinking of you but I
pictured somebody behind a desk giving
me a car and I give them my debit card
and you were that person now we're
meeting we're finally meeting 800 bucks
for a beige one I like cherry red I want
to like take the top off my mom would be
like let their shirt over her head
nothing like that
all right we'll take the beige one oh it
smells good I like the way it smells in
here
it's like a no car the lever the plasti
all right what you gonna get are you
guys coming oh yeah
well no that's cool I told her she said
it wasn't clean and I said I need it
fast so don't worry about it nobody was
supposed to know don't tell anybody keep
it a secret I promised I wouldn't tell
ballet nose that's called
Oh
time to go dude what are you doing man
hurry up I don't care if you're getting
the shot
grandma turds eating tacos and I need to
go this is how it's gonna be the whole
time John I'm gonna have to get a
different camera man Blake it Blake
O'Neill's in town it's like dude you
know what this is gonna be the starting
of bringing ass Cassim back we're gonna
get John doesn't be popular on YouTube
and then a reason to find out what ask
Kassim is oh don't actually good Shay
turned audience beware as Kassim is not
appropriate for younger viewers here we
go
all right I am back home who is Texas my
mom and my dad and my tacos that's who I
really was excited to see focus camera
flare the camera's not focusing you
wanna go swimming I didn't go swimming
oh no I didn't really go play beach
soccer you wanna play beach soccer we're
gonna go play beach soccer Gavin's been
waiting mom dad we want to do welcome
play beach soccer
I think Casey's gonna get here and we
can all go play beach soccer baby I
think soon I think there are lemon I
think you said that six play you sucker
here's ready for VidCon excited you look
so beautiful moment can just get job
Candice all right I'm gonna eat these
tacos I gots to go got my coconut water
in my tacos
time for getting in the door when
attacking KC lenses and six there where
they will play beach soccer yeah yo
those are nice flowers we're going down
to the swimming pool come on let's go
the second I walk out here I can hear
the kids screaming at the swimmin pool
we do that's my kids I can hear them
hollering hollering and screaming that's
my kids well mom you having a good time
comfy dad you liking it
yeah what are you reading you're
catching up on your novels or something
what are you a 90 year old lady that has
cats no you read books what a loser
mom we're gonna do a GoPro swimming pool
montage come on dang it what
oh I better come check this out
shake what mom you have a sit round and
you know it's just in time for VidCon
I'm probably gonna get a cold so don't
say that I didn't say it you said it
look at cool it's cute lil bum
she's had five kids she has a killer
poem last
I was just looking at it so just look at
your bum over here that's nice it is the
calm before the storm
hold on oh that my mother wants to talk
to me what you want mother
calm down mother come here mother come
here
remember no that was a playlist live did
I or VidCon what you're in the pool but
did you read this night
this is he had diarrhea in the last six
days is it 48 hours or 72 hours
explosive or not explosive does it
matter does it say it on the sign does
it matter if it's explosion active
active or explosive yeah mom there's a
lot of adjectives to explain what I've
been going through hey just to make it
the dunker the reason I say it's the
calm before the storm is because once we
get to VidCon its non-stop I've already
seen our itinerary and I know that we
are just going going going nonstop the
entire 3 to 4 days so it's nice to just
be able to chill with the family I like
getting here early usually we get your
like the day before but now we're here
like 3 or 4 days before so we can kind
of settle in LeMay get used to our
surroundings and then we go don't wait
call him fun he's kind of having fun he
needs to go to bed you have jet lag bro
we got baby jet lag over here yeah he
smells like baby jet lag mmm like black
licorice I love it that's what maybe jet
like smells like he's loud in the
stairway way too baby gotta for me
get outta here nobody better be spit
down here Oh dad don't have to look down
here we're taking the stairs up the
butler's are coming through
broccolis Butler did you have a good
time at the swimming pool oh I think
that's it that's it
yep that's a naked we have a naked baby
naked baby Nate we have a naked baby on
aisle three naked baby clean up aisle
three please report to the aisle
can you go attend to your naked little
brother mom taxes opinion yeah it's not
that okay that's Brett Brett they're
good cut scroll down I want to see more
honesty more where's Varrick are the
tricks and clothing there's Derek
everybody's at VidCon the Hilton
yes it is more that's it there's Carly
she got married let's start a big rumor
party got married hey what is the deal
with the screaming naked baby giving
issues it's been going on for a few days
now and I'm just not that soon we need
to have the time anyway so Casey is
landing right now and the plan is to
head down to the beach and go play some
beach soccer with Casey and their kids
and all the gangs so I'm taking mom
grandma and grandpa to their hotel Casey
and Caylee are landing here and then
we're all gonna go to the beach a place
well what do you think your beige Jeep
are you excited about it huh do you guys
see how much I love you I got you a
beige Jeep I tried to get you something
cool but I know you would have a lot of
luggage I know I would I try mom I'm a
failure as a son sorry dad I love you
I'll try to do better I told you guys we
should have got the hotness the pink
convertible hotness I told you dang it
what's up okay shixin shoots that way oh
he does see the new tricks in the Hat
along with the new tricks and huh me say
yeah that's a shirt but I was like
what's shirt in Spanish I didn't think
of it but then it's coming so anyways
new designs dropping for Vic
do you like them yeah I like this one a
lot Logan designed it looking good like
the shirt okay
let's go I'm gonna turn left after this
am I gonna stand right light again go
right now
Mariana what about after that then
you're gonna go right again just go in a
circle
yeah okay I want to see how many rights
you can do how good are you at right
turns daddy go right all right so
basically we're in Los Angeles we could
be doing all these fun exciting things
like playing soccer on the beach but no
we're sitting here watching Nickelodeon
what are we watching Disney Channel
that's right Disney Channel the Disney
Channel
anyways we're tired I hope you care if
we don't go play soccer on the beach are
you so mad I just feel like everybody's
tired mom's asleep
Brock's asleep Daxton 'he's asleep or
Sophia she asleep
hey V is fake asleep there's little Dax
T pants now I'll Tucker it out guys he
is plumb tuckered out what's that
go to the beach soon I woke up at 4:30
and then I woke you up
so sista I want to go to bed tonight at
like 7:00 p.m. I don't wanna like get
sick or anything if I start this whole
crazy week off with limited sleep and
we're going hard and partying playing
soccer on the beach till the sunset who
knows what could happen
plus the sun's almost already set by the
time we get there it's gonna be down
we're gonna have very limited soccer
time I'll make you a deal first thing
tomorrow morning we go down and we play
soccer on the beach huh do you agree you
agree
huh Macklemore dude the hairs looking
fresh brah I'm liking that so fresh brah
yeah
ah we're gonna go tomorrow morning all
right you guys down with that so listen
tonight we're gonna chill maybe have
some snacks watch TV then we're gonna go
to bed
cool huh agreed pinky swears yeah you
don't do that anymore hey your podcast
came out it's up you want to go watch it
we should watch it you did good
all right love you guys so we're here in
Los Angeles California this is gonna be
a crazy week everybody's getting here
like Logan and Derek all of those guys
are in Anaheim we're in LA so we're
gonna meet them in a few days tomorrow
we have a party I haven't told you guys
about this but we are having a party
with Gibson guitars in fact they made
trips and guitars go check out my
Instagram I put a picture up dude it is
such a huge honor that's crazy it blows
my mind a clothing company that we
started with my siblings is having a
collaborative party with Gibson guitars
like Gibson right too loud my neighbor's
child all right I love you guys I'll
brag to everybody else in the world I
don't want my name or hear me bragging
too loud
I love you guys we'll see tomorrow I'm
gonna sleep I'm tired guys are enjoying
the vlogs I love you we'll see you
tomorrow right
yo yo what's going on you're in the end
slate of my made-up song I'm making
stuff up as it comes to my head and then
that information goes out my mouth who
knows what its gonna be my not rhyme or
make sense but I'm doing it real time yo
check it one shut up hi Phil be mean to
your rap self che that's not cool
sorry practical self che click on the
video what do you guys think okay so huh
we're trying to get like the whole
editing and uploading in time and it's
hard getting all 22 minutes edited and
uploaded fast so hopefully you guys are
patient with the upload thank you for
being nice in the comments but we do
have some good footage for tomorrow
anyways I love you guys I think you
liked the vlog I don't know I'm at the
tricks and party right now I am in the
bathroom with the door shut so I can
make this audio file to send to the
editor so she can put it on the end yes
I haven't editor doing this because
we're so busy right now okay I love you
we'll talk later tomorrow very soon I
hope you like the video check out
yesterday's vlog click on the mystery
button and if you have any questions
about what we've been doing for the last
six years you can also click on those
beautiful faces
shout out to vlog hard for the cool end
slate all right love you guys
hey little Co tomorrow check out oh
there's a live stream if you're watching
this right now it might be over but
check out our Instagram and Twitter and
there's gonna be a live stream tonight
with Colette sister my fur fiend Callie
more music Jays know that okay love you
guys I gotta go bye they're yelling at
me they're coming people are knocking on
the door cut out on about throw my
daughter using
