that's another beautiful day in your
life that's what we're doing that's how
we're gonna start today 5:00 11:00 in
the morning okay
it's 5:00 11:00 in the morning and we
got to get a family in the los angeles
california you guys want to come help me
Oh huh okay let's go excuse me children
it is time to awaken arise for there was
another day upon you children are you
ready to fly to California sleepyhead
let's go excuse me oculus excuse me
little boy are you ready to go on the
airplane the hall let's go are you
appropriate oh yes yes
are you can I see haha gotta go good
morning children it is another beautiful
day please wake up let's go to the
airport they're awake get up you little
brats let's go so I can't tell if I'm on
the line of like cool hipster dude who
knows what's in in fashion or
embarrassing dad that's in like
full-time summer mode because I got
khaki shorts I got the beach shoes on
I'm ready to walk through the airport
and have a lot of people stare at me
funny so you guys think that when your
shoes clothes out for me okay let's go
through airport security
are you the not naked no yeah if they're
not naked now oh I love when you're well
I don't love it but I mean I mean it's
compromisable are you ready it's early
we're taking an airport plane ride
family's been up this early it's been a
while for shizzle one more Sun to rise
you ready to go to the airport
well my airplane is going to airplane
Cayley oh boy I love you
you look who else is waking up the
sunshine
hey there's my sunshine hey sunshine
come here you're my such are you ready
go to California yes not creeping me man
you're creeping me when's the last time
you watch the Sun Rise you guys want to
see it rise is this time-lapse over yet
man this time-lapse is takin too long we
gotta go to the airport okay let's go we
ready we packed are you ready to embark
to Los Angeles why are you nervous we're
nervous
wow it's still night time yeah hey can
you turn your iPod oh hey what's up can
here now sometimes you got to turn your
iPod down when you're walking through
the airport kay Batman cuz then you
can't hear anybody when they're talking
to you what are you listening to that Oh
duck what was I thinking I love that
song let me see these things oh dang it
look what you did brought doing it we
gotta go give me late for flight good to
know when you put this strong when I
can't stop you got it go down broq they
go great oh okay whoa still come on
vacation play
Avia great line great line I'll go get
the deejay
word for I love how I almost got a
time-lapse of the sunrise this morning
hora mode but you know it just took too
dang long those time lapses they take
time yeah all right it is 549 a.m. our
flight leaves at 7:00 a.m. on the dot so
we are hahahah hustle into the airport
we did it we got a time-lapse of the
sunrise the beautiful golden sunrise and
another beautiful day in your life
would you look don't you just look at a
children look at
good morning sleepy face
are you ready to go on an airplane you
tired Oh
get your blanket sleepyhead you're
adorable
all right the exodus through security
has begun the Exodus security has begun
how do we get all these bratty kids
through security shaycarl backpack
coming out this is that that must be
cool yep that's cool here rocks Rock we
found renaud shader play area yeah I see
you wanna play with those toys you havin
fun at 6:00 in the morning yeah he likes
this Airport play place it's fun time to
go to Los Angeles for two weeks you
ready boy let's head on out on the
tarmac look a little Batman here rocking
out to his tunes
hey that good song bro yeah that's a
good tune you'd be listening to his
tunes I get on an airplane maybe a your
brother's crazy got Collette the mom
crew Sophie in tow the nanny tard
what do we do for luck children you got
to touch the outside of the airplane
Jackson comes from a long tradition of
aviation
we always in-flight beverage the
delicious almond milk of your choice and
won everything
I'm gonna go fly on an airplane
where'd his shoes go we're missing some
shoes that you know where they went
no shoes sir just landed in Salt Lake
for the first leg of the journey to Los
Angeles California you have to get one
more airplane we're skipping through the
airport skipping to my Lou my darlin
skipping to the Lou my darlin
I got to admit I'm really jealous of
Brock's Airport outfit if I had the
courage I'd wear the same thing what's
up Batman get your flip-flops and your
Batman pajamas oh wow I didn't know
you're so fast up the stairs it is too
early to be in the airport I don't want
nobody talking to me I'm going shades on
headphones in head down nobody
communicate till I get my coffee hmm I
love you do you know how cool you are
did you know that oh you already knew
okay well thanks for getting all those
fingerprints on my glasses in case they
ever forget who you are I'll be able to
track you so the goal is to try to find
somebody in the airport where it tricks
and gear let's see if we can find
somebody I keep skin and as people walk
by doing some people watching tricks
Avia do we think that the five-year-old
is rocking the ice tunes too much fun
we're in society now take your
headphones off let's go spider-man
Batman Superman all demands on his body
hey he has important emails to send he
can't be bothered did it good that was a
very precision to touch safety first
good job lupus
look how safe we're going to be bring it
there an ultra speed
but if your vest doesn't have a tab the
light will activate automatically in the
water now before we take off to your
seasons upright your armrest and
headrest
well it wouldn't be a sheet art airplane
Airport montage if we didn't spend a
little bit of time in the bathroom
together so here we are there's no
actual like ashtrays I can see if
there's a pores the ash tree because
there's none of the airplane this is the
new ashtray there's no way I can edit
that get that a Cortland there barely
fit a cigarette in there don't find
something else to put me ashtrays but
I'm excited because we're flying to Los
Angeles and it's not lost on me how
crazy it is and that my entire family
can be 30,000 feet above the ground
shuttling through the sky to a new
location
I almost said that with one sentence
all right here we are LAX - 10 ready
we're in California all right here we go
doin air when Junu would you guys
alright we got to get an uber hilarious
joke on the airplane a V it goes dad are
we gonna get a goober to our apartment
you know what it was called
she's a goober not an uber hey you got
that goober app downloaded brah yeah I
got it is it funny I feel way more
confident logging in the middle of the
Los Angeles International Airport than I
do it like my local Walmart because I
don't want to see anybody that I could I
grew up with vlogging when walking
through LAX I don't care yeah lots of
people I don't know I never ever ever
ever ever ever see them again
so I don't cause we're in California
good thing I brought my California shoes
you didn't mommy tard I know we got all
the kids through the airport
Sophie is that your shoe what do you owe
your shoes weirdo Broxson get the next
one he wants to help colette found the
bag look she found the bag but she's
putting it back on so Brock can pick it
up what a good mom she is ha ha all
right I think a bags come in Brock you
ready see if you can see your bag you
got to get it is that it
dude are you strong let's see you get it
okay - get it pull it pull pull yeah boy
here strong boy getting that luggage
good job all right let's get in the
goober and go
here we go move it so far yeah here we
go
Oh Taylor we're home Taylor we missed
you how things been going
oh nice tricks and dress Taylor I like
that she's wears four tricks and dress
on all the red carpets here we are
sunny southern Los Angeles California I
love y'all hey everybody we're here in
California California California our
County boy you guys remember we did che
Fe and we painted with our faces right
here on this deck we have had so many
bad movies together so we are here in
Los Angeles and we are right to work
with schedules and meetings and
appointments and emails Bobby was it a
secret
that's our VidCon schedule crazy we have
meet and greets if you're coming to
VidCon we'll see you there we're just
talking about having the kids all the
kids of course will be there but you
know I not be there to hold ya because
they get tired because we have to do two
different days because we're gonna do
like seven hours total of meet and
greets so two hours one day and five
hours the next day and if you're at the
end of the second day you might not get
to meet the kids because by then they're
usually pumped out you know what I'm
saying
down that's cute oh you think I'm cute
Bobby can you can you just can you go
stand behind that for me we're gonna
make out I thought it was
well we're here in California so here's
the deal I'm going right now to meet
with the crew who's going to help me
produce the 22 minute daily vlogs I
don't know if this one's 22 minutes it's
Monday I uploaded this today this is
real time if you're watching this on
Monday you came with us this morning you
woke up you watch the vlog I edited it
and uploaded it quick tomorrow starts
the 22 minute vlogs it's gonna be a
crazy week yes we are just getting
started we literally have just landed
and Bobby's already saying okay you're
gonna go you ready here's your itinerary
it's going to be I mean I always say
this is the Super Bowl of our year like
we work harder this week than the entire
year like we are gonna be meeting and
greeting and all kinds of stuff so you
guys want to be along for the ride
starting tomorrow it's gonna be crazy
VidCon vlog week is gonna be awesome
hasta LaVista
bobby hasta LaVista Bobby all right
we'll see you guys tomorrow
and we are in Los Angeles
everybody is descending upon Los Angeles
today Casey's getting here mom say hi hi
mom say hi hi I love the palm trees they
make me feel relaxed we're here Collette
I love that leg shoutout here's grandpa
card over here he's here dad say hi to
the people howdy
he do it I know that enjoying the
California sunshine sit and paint a
picture for the people I am in Marina
del Rey looking West we're at dad you're
fired from the end slate anyways all the
family's here check out the vlogs you
guys we just landed so that's why
today's vlog was late but listen my bond
is my word 22 minute vlogs starting
tomorrow
Daxton stop hitting your brother it's a
madhouse here people it is a madhouse
we're getting lots of footage 22 minute
vlogs starting tomorrow every day this
week it's gonna be bid con craziness we
love you click on yesterday's vlog : am
feeling lucky button and see what the
trade has been what do people buy see
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
