is this team shaycarl
do you know last time I rode my bike was
last year when I rode my bike in this
race
I should have trained since then all
right you guys we are at the end the
finish line of the bike race I have no
idea when they're gonna be here but I'm
guessing it'll be in at least another 45
minutes or so
mommy charred or not mommy tired I'm
mommy card grandma card checks it and
let us know that the boys are at like
mile 80 but a couple of them were having
a really hard time so I'm hoping and
hoping they can all finish together
so we started at 100 miler here knee
goes to 50 miles we're gonna start over
again here we go again
excuse me baby talk on our blinker
oh mama Carmen's old she'd be pissed
that we're driving through her living
room I hope she doesn't watch this video
later what's oh geez my handlebars
almost just got caught in this fence
wasn't that I would have ate it all that
would have been so oh can you guys
imagine how hilarious that would be if I
fell and my bike was filming all right
so does it look like I'm walking really
smoothly like I'm on like on a belt
conveyor belt getting healthy burning
some calories citing times you guys I'm
at 240 my good buddy
hey guys my shayloss partner me and Ron
I feel like there's no take offense to
this you don't say okay look you guys my
two tall friends are gonna hug he looks
like he could undermine Curtis he's in
good shape
Derrick you guys we're riding this race
with my high school friend Derrick oh
it's so fun this is my new sport man
it's my new favorite sport this is
Derek's idea I love you
the winners at the 75 mile race 576
miles
oh yeah oh yeah okay so I promised you'd
show me your boobs if I did 100-mile
bike we're on the side of the road
waiting for the racers and we are the
only ones crickets crickets crickets but
there's a finish line right there and as
soon as the first racers start coming in
then they'll move the cones and block
off the other road but the kids are
dressed to impress what I'm wearing mine
see I'm wearing shades traditional this
is from the st. George marathon that
Larry made for him and so I'm pretty shy
and I've got a pink heart yes mr. mommy
who mrs. mommy most raise your hand you
miss mommy most I think Rockstar does
you miss mommy mouse do you think I do
why do you think I miss her the most
that's right for how long five minutes
that's nothing I've held on to her
before for five years
well ten years that's how long we've
been married I've been hugging your
mom's heart in my heart for ten long
years now oh brother another one one
more one more
no my wife she can pull her body's water
wife's warmer man the nice warm beds
more of a man well you are you're too
old to say no you are all the day when
you get too big to do fun things I
random people on the street
it follows sales put your thumb in your
mouth yeah seriously dude you got to go
at least two hours without sucking your
thumb I know you can do it that's two
hours that's not even a damn I yeah even
though a zebra holds day that's hours
her real name is Veronica tabatha by
being the third but she likes to go by
better tour Baby Talk Baby Talk Baby
Talk Baby Talk Baby Talk she's a baby
and she's a target she's a baby baby
baby
she wears unitards that's why she's a
baby tard cuz she likes to wear the
unitards
is there a nominee tart
should be another one of those things
where you cats smile
oh oh here's the drop off Oh taken out
by the linebacker y'all right
oh she's running to Grandma oh oh she
gonna know she's happy that's good oh
there he goes
yesterday when we're on that shoot
there's all these really pretty girls
that were playing extras for the big
party scene and centaur grabbed rocked
our because he was like looking so
adorably at this little hat on and he
carries Rock card over to all these like
really pretty girls and he's like hey do
you guys think my little brother's cute
like totally walked over there like hey
look at this he's like a cute guy he's
like yeah oh you missed your chance
she's sitting those people like this
watch watch more excuse me
you accidentally gave me an extra
quarter okay honey I'm gonna do it
she'll be a very sir you'll be
embarrassed get ready okay
are you nervous
all right get to work you brats enough
talking start child laboring sick you
guys always just being child's I don't
need a child labor more often what is my
favorite type of labor who knows it for
ten points that's right you guessed it
child labor we get to mowing that lawn
you little brat you might not get your
rations for this evening you're gonna
get two spoonfuls of the run over your
sister two spoonfuls of don't run over
your sister that's worth four jars if
don't smack your brother I'm so funny
haha good mow the lawn you little brat
I'll be a city kid here let me hand you
let me hand you your new friend it's
called the shovel get used to that bad
boy because you're gonna have it in your
hand a lot okay I need you to dig all
these weeds out right here okay these
are not just meat and they're spreading
everywhere so get that shovel and dig
those bad boys out I want you to make a
pile of them over here best summer ever
we are getting the chores done you're
killing it buddy hey oh sorry that was a
close one
you're gonna be interviewing a via
Butler about all the biggest secrets of
her life but we're gonna ask the
questions you ready daddy
hey let me see those shoes you know it
sounded like you were playing air hockey
when you were walking down the stairs
with those it's like oh they're so loud
oh okay here you want to vlog but the
star doesn't say if I may quote the
famous prophet Edward Bassmaster would
you just look at it would you just look
at it just look what would Eddie do babe
even with no makeup on you still look
gorgeous ugly face no makeup she's still
the hottest woman on the green brothers
Hank and John Green the vlogbrothers
nerdfighters dftba come on there's
plenty of branding options that you
should know these people they're the two
brothers who put this conference on I
was talking to John Green I'm like this
is so cool because we have the power to
control it however we want there's no
you know there's there were sponsors
there but they didn't have any saying
what happened at the video conference
and so I'm like they're saying it was
such a success they're already planning
it for next year I hope you guys all can
come and it's just gonna get bigger and
bigger and a couple years from now this
online media you know I'm not saying
like it's gonna kill TV or whatever but
it's definitely the new wave of the
future information is readily available
in it and it's been that way for a few
years now but I just think it's gonna
blow up exponentially and it's
get through the roof I have no idea
where the heck we're going I am vlogging
and we're trying to find this park
anyways what I'm trying to say is Baby
Talk Baby Talk Baby tar baby tar Benatar
cheetah Benny and she's a target she's a
baby baby baby tar she wears unitards
that's why she's a baby tard because she
likes to wear the unitards
is there an omni tard
