I've had such sore shoulders and back
and like I keep my glad you remember
here and she's like I got these little
girl hands sure I'm like a little weak
t-rex i Musashi children excuse me go
psyche your shoulders let's go
do I have to live with Shay hey you guys
remember I fell so yesterday's and slave
I lied to you guys I said I'll see you
on Friday but it's Thurston
oh all right get to work you brats
enough talking start child laboring sick
you guys always just being child's I
don't need a child labor more often all
right we're throwing crap away live sure
look
ducky guys look we're cleaning the pool
hey Doody no come here this is crazy the
vlog stand over here right over here go
right over here the vlog that we put up
this as we got a pool
c'mere Center here has 5 million views
your this is the angle that was a
thumbnail trying to recreate it anyways
we're cleaning the pool again it did get
gross we got get the filter in there
cleaned out all right you guys cleaning
the truck yeah come on let's go some
vegans driving it's California income I
got new tires for you Tim you're not
gonna die on the interstate when the
kids go to something do that again no
wait give on career-low K pop up go haha
we're in the podcast with a via flagella
monnet BIA
so if you guys have not been watching
the podcast on the podcast channel
youtube.com slash when the kids go dude
we are gonna be interviewing a via
Butler about all the biggest secrets of
her life I mean you know ourselves Oh
Christmas but we're gonna ask my
questions
you ready we set a be you wanna be on
the podcast today she said sure we can
cut out anything you don't want it say
okay all right the girls not the girls
anyone to show me her outfits for VidCon
I'm excited to see how she put them
together
he's awesome when they're we forgot wait
you had them all laid out you don't have
them laid out anymore just show me a few
of them click on kakeland clothes my god
that's cute
it just is pump it up over there uh-huh
that'll be cute helpouts these pants are
cute
well maybe you should lay them all out
for me again bring them in the front
room okay so here is Brocks hall we went
shopping we found some items for like
under five dollars yay just dive on your
clothes I like this one this one has
little spills little powerful stomach go
boys
yes do a flip over your clothes that's a
great idea here is a blue shirt I like
that one okay and then we got this
outfit with the Navy checkers and the
red pants I love that and all these
things this one I like this one because
it has little sharks you can't really
see them very well oh I can kind of see
the Sharks yeah there's a little shark
see I love this you can see my finger on
my shark ah a bear and then you know
other clothes you think it's a wolf I
think it's a bear Jackson you're a
troublemaker you're a troublemaker today
that's it I'm never bribing you again
I'm never doing it again
okay disaster averted I fixed the
running with sucker situation don't
worry guys he's not running with a
sucker any
I said he's very mad at me so that's why
he's in the other room let's see oh
that's my favorite one look how cute
you're gonna be so cute in that with a
bracelet yeah see this pretty pretty
bracelet it's gonna be so pretty she's
in here I'm in here all right and these
outfits are cute
the ESS a second
boo and Elsa you can't go without an
Elsa one good job okay we're going on
date night we're going to see something
special tonight this piece represents
the modern era of water on your
windshield and this lady Oh a local Mart
goer Oh what about your that door opens
oh okay her but emergency exit will
sound okay go out go out
no no freedom yeah we did it five high
five there was a there was a rodent
trying to look at the art and they just
don't allow rodents in the art museum so
we had to kick him out we're at KC's
film premiere for his hunting movies if
I may quote the famous prophet Edward
Bassmaster would you just look at it
just just just look would you just look
at
ouch come on hi
would you just look at it just look what
would Eddie do babe would you is all
pretty a nice Magoo gel's we're headed
to Target to buy a bunch of crap we
don't need well I'll see you inside
oh you're out of my nose did I really
poke you are you mad at me one of those
things where you're laughing but it
really hurt you're like giggle um I
don't get go when I'm first do I get go
when I'm angry it's a true it's really
good lighting in the makeup area it's a
good lighting that's right it is already
lighting gonna do anything for you honey
Sam Oh Shh really hurt me feel bad
yeah right Jay what did you find dude
excuse me remember when you said we were
gonna buy a bunch of crap we didn't need
this is not crap if I need this No
I'm experiencing something here can I
just get a few minutes this
who invented this good job oh yeah or
someone oh yeah I catch things you don't
have to hook I have had such sore
shoulders and back and like I keep my
glut will you rub her here and she's
like I got these little girl hands
sure I'm like a little weak t-rex I
massage your children I use me go
youngish up I'm a weak t-rex now you're
like the worst t-rex I've ever met
you better watch it they're gonna clone
me with some hybrid t-rex thing I'm
gonna bite your head off like I can get
and I can push hard enough it like
seriously gives me the chills
seriously just assure I so seriously
making a little line to beside your
shoulders let's go do I have to live
with Hill of him Shay
wait what
ah
huh huh we're gonna get kicked out of
here by sheet our towels available now
make her shop battle EDA store
yeah what don't say to actually call me
back I keep pushing that car around dude
now talk I said yes you guys that's
Charlie
I told Charles I was gonna call him
later and I was messaging him with
Michael at remind me to call Charles
back he just message bees the remind
collector my main call him back
oh so remember all the things that
happen in target you're never gonna
guess like crazy stuff laughing you
never gonna yeah we're on a date kids
are at home blame really yeah what we do
we do chores what we go on our dates we
went to Casey my brother had a film
premiere for his his hunting company
hush hunt and fish so we went and
watched a film premiere that he's part
of he and now we're doing shopping and
now we're loading up the shop and stuff
yo so if you're wondering when a vias
podcast goes up i believe it's tomorrow
Friday
today's Thursday at the a via podcast
goes up tomorrow but there's a brand new
one that you can check out right now
where we talk about kids and social
media and how old kids should be before
they get on social media and how old
we're gonna let our kids be before they
get on social media anyway as we talk
about all that click on the feeling
lucky button to check out that podcast
click on yesterday's vlog and if you
want to see what I do it every single
day 1 2 3 4 5 6 you can go back and see
like what were they doing 5 years should
go
I wonder what Jays beard smelled like
three years ago I'm gonna click on that
one and check it out um god man we're
getting ready for VidCon Danny and Blake
are pulling the trailers out of here
tomorrow um man good khan's gonna be
crazy and you guys are going to see it
and guess what also not only during
VidCon are there going to be 20 minute
vlogs 7 days a week we are looking into
right now live streaming from the tricks
and booth inside the expo hall of the
Anaheim Convention Center
at VidCon 2015 so even if you're at your
home somewhere or on your telephone
across the world you could be in the
tricks and booth with us at VidCon
because we're gonna be live-streaming so
it should be pretty exciting okay have
you guys I'm gonna see you soon thumbs
up the video I appreciate haha stop it
