no not to take off the sugar bleedy Oh
would you do the hurt my guys bleeding
Paddy welcome back to our family
there's loofah smih goofus eating some
cereal there's the boys coming in from
work did you guys get all the garbage
cleaned yeah no there's paint out there
bring it to me let me see what are you
doing watching shade tard vlogs first
thing in the morning
cool we're trying to get the house
brought yeah
what's the cat's food I don't care if
you have three legs get your own food
get out of here you scoundrel every time
I try to feed the cats
Bronks runs in and start sucking it all
up James why don't you bite Broncs time
to get out of here so we're trying to
clean up the garage again get all the
last stuff out of here out of the
basement or it's putting all the extra
paint and tile underneath the stairs and
stacking it up all day okay put it in
there worker boots for we reason get
those cowboy boots that one full okay
put that one over here look that one
goes in the cat food thing if they're
empty throw them away James can you help
out a little bit better pick up after
the cats a bunch of freakin animals in
here it's like we're feeding the whole
world including my brothers three-legged
dog most days get out of here Brahms
mmm-me is it time for lunch yet almost
keep taking a nap
all right here we are again shopping for
shopping for what what were shopping for
gone pick
well you are you're too old to say mana
no he's cute
you are all the day when you get too big
to do fun things
alright here we are we need to get some
clothes and our children could wear I
say that we get this right a tie-dye
onesie yeah what if we all were those
hey guys you want to all match have
matching tie-dye onesies yeah I love
yeah but he's my cheerleader yeah mom
sure you are my cheerleader too captain
did you find some cool shoes oh those
are cool I like the ones you're wearing
oh I have a lot of stuff you do I'm
excited to see it all we're gonna have a
fashion show at home because there's too
much to try Emily all your nice minutes
with all the kids it's always easier
trans stuff I don't wear nice shoes at
this shows your cool kicks we see your
cool kicks I pick tomorrow I know you're
dead you're so awesome and he would only
buy if you picked him out he doesn't
want him if I pick him up oh yeah those
are cool
those are cool you're showing your other
cool outfits Brock picked this shirt out
it's a little different but it has it
has dinosaurs see and it's cool I like
it very excited by these shoes I'm gonna
wear okay I you can wear them who's that
yeah
he's kind of weird he doesn't have a
face huh hey guys this is Pete his old
ear wait one sec you for garlic powder
oh look what I found
does this man want garlic powder I'm
hundred dollars per hundred dollars
you're worth way more to me than that
for me all right we are getting some
things not too many things because we're
going to VidCon let's go okay I guess
I'll get chocolate by myself push you
didn't hear me I really will get
chocolate by myself yeah you didn't even
hear me I sent us go buy chocolate by
myself
really oh my goodness we can't buy
chocolate here there's too much it's too
much right in case you guys haven't
noticed it's just me and Ethier right
now and this is nice we haven't had a me
nad a time for a while it's pretty
awesome with no screaming babies around
us usually we have sprinting babies
around like tons of them they're
everywhere guys we're at movies it is
some milk production are you are not
really that exciting we'd only know what
to talk about because we're not really
that we love Jackson so we're getting
him some milk I give Jackson almond milk
I don't know what you guys think about
that it doesn't really matter but we're
just getting some almond milk for Destin
and you know what I'm kind of in know
we're not getting cupcakes they're not
getting cupcakes no Kohlberg's not only
do I not want to feel bloated for VidCon
but I want to feel healthy it's not
really about feeling fat earthen it's
not feeling healthy like I need to have
energy right we need to have good
healthy energy for VidCon okay
I know you like I'm going to say
you forgot I just remembered what I was
gonna say so dachshund is still he's
what Collins talks to one half his one
and a half he'll be 2 in October and
he's still on a bottle which means I
mean he doesn't take a bottle all the
time and he'll take it for his nap time
and for bedtime
and I probably should move him to a
sippy cup or you know he does drink out
of a regular cup but he's in a sip like
a bottle at night so I don't know it's
one of those things that as moms don't
we all do this moms we don't want to
tell people like if our kid hasn't
progressed to the next level yet like we
feel like somehow we're a failure as a
parent if they're not potty-trained by
certain major if they're not if they're
in a bottle still at this age you know I
decided I don't really care what if
other people think cuz this is what is
working for me but thinking maybe I
should try to transition into a sippy
cup at least before the school year
begins because um you know things are
gonna change a little bit in the school
year beginning so what do you think idea
I know he's not my child
I mean you're still in bottle so that's
cool hi Braco show us who's ready to go
to VidCon
oh we got Batman is ready looking his
pants but uh different outfits that you
need you need a lot of outfits for
VidCon you never know we're on we're
spider-man's outfits where is his legs
he only needs one outfit hmm like Joe
right there's our city and a parking lot
is that the parking lot you're so
creative Brock oh I love you I'm back
for VidCon that's all you need there's a
lot of watermelons
Alison love mom do you think you can
take that through airport security
okay got a melon sir I'm gonna have to
confiscate those melons well sure why
not everybody just eat melon like you
know like we're cavemen
that's what
oh you're dripping everywhere hmm I
guess you're cleaning it up too
I'm guessing I reckon you are okay guys
that cut you can be your normal self now
no I never worked in a field don't know
how's it work feel like I work mr. grant
being a long time no hear let's flu oh
hi laughs machine clicks yeah a lot of
no hey everybody in matrimony land
what's going on is Shane :
I'm matrimony man oh my Hannah Montana
why the Frederick Montgomery burns you
screaming right any make the baby stop
crying
sometimes the baby just gets what he
wants that's not a good thing to teach
but he can't communicate yet but trust
me like you parents know like when they
get to a certain age you tell them no
and they're old enough that's like they
need to accept no and listen I am the
first one to love when we're at that
stage as a parent there's one thing I
love is say no love and I know no means
no because I said no it's awesome time
to say yeah no the baby says then when
you say no to the baby they have a very
secret weapon that nobody else has they
have a secret weapon called a tantrum
and nobody can fight the Tanner
well tantrum is like the atomic bomb
tantrum at a certain age it fits right
but at this age it's like you can't do
anything so just give him what he wants
what does he want just give it to him
that's what I say at the stick like this
right Bravo does not throw tantrums
Brock knows I would tell Brock no he
doesn't throw tension I swear because
you wait till you get to that age this
is a serious parenting tip I'm kind of
joking here but they get to an age where
they know that no means no but he's not
at that I mean sometimes like today he
want to get in the pool I'm like no he
threw a little he threw an atomic bomb
on me
damn I said sorry I mean and that's how
you slowly like yeah then realizes
playing with them yeah like that's
you're not getting in the pool like you
kept throwing a fit I'm like sorry you
know I'm out there though when you
showed it shot on the pool you can't get
in the pool right now because of this in
this and he he's starting to understand
your reasoning I think that's the key is
when they're old enough to start
reasoning with oh good I'm so glad
that's my favorite water bottle you got
to explain it to him - you got to say
this is why the no because I remember as
a kid always being frustrated like well
why sometimes it's no is no because I
said no but a lot of times I'll explain
why this is why I'm telling you no well
sometimes they're too young to explain
the reason no one's at sheehan's
G Dohan a cheeto head this man's cheeto
hand is strong Amy no she's eating the
cheeto fingers that is love if you whoa
hey what's up glamour Otzi hey that's a
good question who do you love enough to
lick cheeto cheese off their fingers a
question of the day think of who is the
person that you can think of right now
that if they had been eating a bag of
Cheetos you would lick the cheeto cheese
off their fingers come on because she I
know I should wash her hands me Oh once
or twice she's done it a handful of
times no pun intended
hahahahaha judo heads lick my fingers
hey will you lick my fingers hey hey
wait like my cheeto fingers do you love
me enough to make my cheeto fingers how
do you we gotta go that's really cool I
think I mean oh yeah that's a good idea
oh he's too light need to get a running
start oh gosh you're not gonna do that -
are you okay good
yeah it's pretty go cheerleading moves
guys come on
go up en he's okay we're done fighting
Gavin's gonna hit a view with the water
balloon as she comes by he's gonna pull
up his pants with butt cracks nut shell
presidents get her get her get her get
her get her
oh oh that was ruthless
get him get him are you mad dude are you
gonna get him back
go get him back let's get some water
balloons that's it hey good help here
you go bro you hold up the line there he
goes that is a big slip and slide can
you make it to the end easy
yeah crop hey hey I'm gonna show you
down the slide Kay tell me a three down
the slide okay here we go one shoe watch
out for the tree your turn dad can't we
see him
take off the sugar bleeding oh do the
hurt I think I got bleeding okay babe
your neck mom seriously your turn and
now it's your turn to go down the thumbs
up waterslide winky winky face hey guys
sorry there's not a ton of vlogs this
week we're gonna have fewer vlogs
because we're getting ready for VidCon
but and that's a big one
I'm sitting on it starting Monday the
20th we will have and listen my bond is
my word hand the square you will see I
promise history will for fulfill my
promise there will be 20 minute vlogs
all seven days next week that's right
I'm committing to you right now 20 at
least 20 minutes 7 days a week all day
next week
shake on it pinky swear let's do it come
on in blood cut your finger open no
that's weird that's gross don't do it
just watch the videos love you guys
thanks for watching PS by the way we
appreciate it you guys leaving thumbs up
and all that stuff being part of our
lives you know how you do we love you
guys and we're coming to see you in
Anaheim VidCon is going to be crazy
you guys are going to be a part of it ok
so don't be nervous or scared why would
you be nervous that was a dumb thing to
say don't be sad or feel left out
because you can't come to VidCon because
you're gonna get a full
behind-the-scenes look through our
videos with those 20 minutes seven-day
rounds you can plan okay
so stay tuned we will be back on Friday
we're getting a bunch of stuff packed up
and getting ready to go to California
it's gonna be an insane week so get
ready don't be sad here's another reason
there's so many reasons not to be sad
brand new podcast brand new its it still
smells like a brand new you know like
when you go in a podcast store you're
like wow smell all those new podcasts
smells just like that click on that
feeling lucky button dang I know you
won't click on that girl face she's hot
click on that to go see the new podcast
we got lots of podcasts up when the kids
go to sleep click on yesterday's vlog
and if you want to see the Shaytards
been doing 1 2 3 4 5 & 6 years ago
that's how long we've been doing these
videos click on those corresponding
numbers
subscribe to the channel we appreciate
it and buy our merchandise ok love you
guys we'll see you Friday
bye
