hey guys so it's Wednesday morning and
10:30 okay oh no it's not it's 1:00
today and we honor it so it's my dad so
I can open the nitro box but we have to
do camera so we're gonna eat them she
won't got here we got pineapple coconut
ball oh whoa I just sense the
disturbance in the pineapple force come
on you have to open those with me all
right
we're selling out once again to the
delicious snack nature it's a nature bog
we've had these in our lives for a long
time now nature box has become a part of
the Shaytards mmm literally our bodies
are be our muscles pineapple coconut
ball they have over a hundred and fifty
snap options okay so what do we got we
have the dried mango that's a favorite
of mine of course the pineapples the
many Belgian waffles love those of
course every time I don't know if I've
seen these before the pineapple coconut
bars healthy nutritionist approved
snacks right to your door you don't have
to leave the house naturebox calm
you can get a free trial you're like
shape nature that sounds disgusting I
bet healthy Oh yuck
I don't believe it you're paying your
kids to act like they like it I bet it's
gross they'll send your free trial it's
like hey put it your mouth what do you
think now tell me what you think we're
yet now taste buds huh I'm saying yeah
all right get yourself some pistachio
power clusters to power you through the
day that squares with almonds cashews
and pistachios yes sir I think I will
have some of that
all right check them out mmm dude
texture pineapple coconut bar chewy soft
it's always about texture and chewy
chewy chewy where's that was not there
yet yes where ducted he's a laughing so
much today I like with this baby laughs
smells like with his baby lads much
better than puking is which what most of
us have been doing lately huh I did yeah
not yet sick but I have that oh you're
not going to nope you're writing to hide
hi dad
hi are you - I guess you're hiding good
job
don't catch us we didn't we hide it hey
we I did your job hide from the sickness
hurry hi I feel bad too cuz our guests
can't come anymore okay yeah we we are
under house arrest
yeah Lindsay and Trey we're gonna come
see us and now they can't cuz we're
highly contagious we got the light color
would go show them the bed we put
together oh yeah we got a bush Oh Oh
hold on
C key oh I don't think he's sick but
he's enjoying the laziness that's
happening around here about know how to
taking that big R does himself oh there
oh what
so me and Exton finished our
would you like to final time yes is is
it all over my house that's my question
ducked in what's on your hands yes the
toy room is a mess fine
Oh for your room yes before they were
like
and pizza but we change some hey so how
do that do analyse these one of these
one of these like in a pattern and I
can't even them because right here if I
can't go back but then when I got to
this one I thought I saw myself so I
just like good and then dachshund helped
with the white painting and then he
helped himself use their ideas so that's
what you inaudible
oh great ideas doc see huh show me let
me see - let me see
see ha ha ha you can deny me stink my
armpit I think that started out an Ed
Sheeran song and ended up a brocco song
nice I like to picture frames that's
Brock's new work cut so I'm not sure
what does it mean again yeah I forgot
what does it mean oh the Hat so blue it
was his creation hello last time Brock
Tonight Show me me to follow the leader
you messed up the hot zone oh man
hey little he-man baby can you push your
brother Oh glad we got a little Bambino
on our hands this little toe head blew
wide bustled bound break house kid
flowers little brother bus style through
the kitchen on a wooden chair broad does
dad look house drug tax to this whoa
right yeah this is les sled push he's
got his PR on sled push one
five-year-old check yeah you guys are
really fit huh
John buddy hey give me five Dax I know
you're in the video the other day do it
CrossFit what let's see
Oh speak of the Devils look who just
showed up where you two been oh damn it
I did be idiot but I mean hey all right
I'm watching watching everything
everybody gets equal amounts of
attention okay your turns up your turn
now what do you want me to listen to you
talk camera time Gavin got some new uh
marbles what's this doll it's a bouncy
ball billiard ball bro
oh that's name of the video bouncy
billiard ball bro it's a bouncy Billy
West morning like Jackson had marbles in
his mouth hey cut that out anyways what
I've got some marbles this morning again
Oh see how he restarted that so it'd be
easy for me to edit yeah that was swear
you know you're a youtuber now anyways
why did you have marbles at your mouth I
told you not to do that anyways so you
got marbles saved your brother and yeah
and I don't know why I just liked him
see us er playing marbles yeah did you
start watching marble videos on YouTube
yeah
well sounds good we all got the marbles
I'm glad about my marbles hey baby what
you said now so you like the Sun great
Tomatoes oh it's cuz I put them out in
the planetarium Oh
bye then I met by O'Dell I don't know
what's for dinner
reven pass some red tomatoes into my
camera I do actually like the sun-dried
tomatoes there's liver the fridge no
exam have you been what about food
storage downstairs you wouldn't put food
sun-dried tomatoes in the food storage
of the apocalypse
you're not seasoning your food with
sun-dried tomatoes now the baby's crying
it's drama that's what's going on in our
house how's your house hey good news
guys if we did have a zombie apocalypse
or on some other kind of apocalypse we
would have sucked right on a hot pasta
because I found it in the pantry who's
ready to make process what's happening
still chaotic gotta go Rocco its tripped
anyways we are getting okay so there's
this little thing called your driver's
license do you have yours
no and I have mine
but it's expired whoops I forgot I'm a
birthday it expired so in order to go to
LA I need an ID so I'm gonna go get my
license renewed and that means I get a
new picture yeah and I watch me battle I
look so amazing today guys so I can get
a picture at the DMV Oh Brock was hot so
that's his new word and had stuck in my
head for the last three days
Jojo is fake you work Jojo me hot and
hot so means you follow the leader
easily everyone I'm just sewing okay I'm
not so leader who are you oh you're just
a dodo mates you eat candy Hut's yeah
I'm eating Jojo you look I'm eating
dinner all eating Jojo put the heck hey
Gavin gave me a bed we and Gavin just
had a Skype call why Gavin why talk
about a book we're writing a book
together
how many sleeve done a lot of schedules
it sounds ready we're getting close
don't tell him okay don't tell Hani
we're getting close to having the book
close to halfway finished close just
wait tom Gavin wait you guys um now
we're writing Oh Tyler's proposing to
his girlfriend on YouTube and are
watching that right now
Collette and the girls and Brock and
accent her down shopping while we write
books and watch YouTube videos
that's what's going on in our lives okay
Dylan yeah back in the car again back in
Hannity Carter see you
well he's not wasteful he's thinking
about not wasting high and mighty low
second sander I'm so glad you have your
emails you guys one of my favorite
favorite things about living in Idaho
versus LA is that in the car the DMV is
not an all-day trip I don't have to be
here for 11 hours just to get a picture
of myself and put it on a card I can
come ten minutes I'm in and out and this
is snow painless oh I love it so much
it's very it's very relaxing to do
errands here in LA it's like wow there
are so many people everybody talks to
the same things and we have to walk
together it's really stressful in LA I
mean it can be unless you have a good
added to them then it can be really
awesome right Braco I send my email all
right oh good I'm so cool
we have a little rascal on our hands
Agnes Eugene what do you do oh it's
great honey
oh my goodness look at me hello my name
see my email yes I cannot see you later
hello my name is Dexter Neal no like my
mustache don't like it I can touch it up
if he will not no don't touch it up
anywhere hilarious but don't touch it up
anymore okay kids not allowed to paint
mustaches on your babies I'm not really
adorable yeah you can mustache beard
it's okay I love my mustache thank you
very much for it well now what are we
doing
come on back so well he's like a little
hype man
come on hype man your hair's getting
really pretty let me see it
maybe if you stop asking for everything
on the planet you just did wait children
all right so we are preparing this
weekend we have the Gran Fondo and then
which is a hundred mile bike race
absolutely everybody's ready for that
I'm not I ain't running or biking
whatever they're doing I'm not doing it
but we're gonna go support so we're
buying poster stuff and buying all the
things that need for that
that kitchen looks delightful I wouldn't
only want to message I have Gavin and
maybe it'll help but you know I did
direct them in some ways I don't know
what you want me to take out the trash I
gotta take out the trash oh my god
was in this I am not exaggerating but
good how it makes my muscles bulge it's
so heavy
that's seriously like five dead
watermelons in there we have five
watermelon carcasses in that wall broke
my sternum or something these kids are
cruising down the hill Mersey and
they're like cruise down the hall there
she comes
beautiful here comes Gavin tree seek see
those guys careful I love you little
fish pink bike hairs getting long hey
little baby come here you cold
watch out brothers and sisters coming
through look at the dogs you gonna do it
again Gavin bluefish coming through on a
pink bicycle Daxton I having a good time
Oh give me one jump baby is coming
through there's James watch out oh my we
almost had a collision you guys get out
of the pathway that was some good
driving bro all right hey dude your
outfit matches your bike you look so
good so tough he loves it
I love those boots Rock Butler cruising
through his cowboy boots looking good
buddy looking good
get your lane bro hit a cowboy boots
stay in your lane we got kids and cats
and dogs kids and cats and dogs oh just
got walloped by the bike maybe about
learn to look at this beautiful creature
you're such a beautiful see hold on I'm
looking at a beautiful creature lying in
the mist kept watching dude this
beautiful Richard Jameson Jim's physique
chasin James James James
Kirt chips he's in the end of brush
James the kitty has got my camera sling
he fights it like an evil snake but Zeke
the lion is gonna get James the kitty
James gotta chase chains through the
grass things are getting feisty
things are getting feisty James oh nice
job Zeke nice jump
oh no who's on a scooter who's on a
scooter dude watch out he does not want
to be left out he he found himself a
scooter and now he's part of the crew
you're doing a great job Daxton yeah
Brock you're doing awesome you're like
one of the big kids Brock good text is
that a dirt scooter yeah they just wants
to be like you guys he looks up to you
guys maybe it was like yeah to me that's
like
he like copy haveá-- he wants to be
like you guys he looks up to you guys
that's why you have to be good examples
I love you alright Brock let's see it
what are you gonna do okay just go
around him let's see it alright this is
the first time
Brock's attempting from the road to the
road that a boy you did it got it dude
excuse me sir you're sick
high five oh yeah high five
yeah but you're did you see that high
five did you see how high five
did you see those sweet come on have you
and your brother and sister you ever
rode by and high-fived into the grass he
goes little boy on a scooter down a
mountain no summer evening hey scared
got it I'll go too fast you're a
champion man you got it Fred Flintstone
eat your heart out Daxton is using this
feat to power this mobile hey I love you
all right there's a lot of smoother
surface that's what that's made for now
you're cruising he's actually really
good he wants to see you want to see you
can't see until you upload it to YouTube
I don't care who you are
nobody gets sneak peek of the Shaytards
vlog till I edit it see ya what I love
you give me kiss Oh kiss look kiss class
mutt give me kiss tell me kiss say I
love you dad hey say la vida hey say my
name's I love you dad
bye you're awesome
I'll tell you right now one of my
favorite quotes of all time
is this the most important work you will
ever do is within the walls of your own
home I love that because I love spending
time with my wife and my kids and family
it really is to us that's what it's all
about it's about these relationships
these bonds with these people who are
part of you I don't know I love it I
love being a dad and I love you guys
thanks for watching thanks for being a
part of this family in your own cyber
stalkerish way you guys are weird
hi just kidding thanks for watching
check out yesterday's vlog check out
that feeling lucky button I like this
end slate it's new it's like modern kind
of like the colors they pop off that
just like the orange yeah we're headed
right now as soon as I upload this video
we're headed to Utah to go do the
hundred mile bike race follow me on
Instagram Twitter and snapchat in all
those other places and I'm gonna be
putting a lot of stuff on there this
weekend will get a lot of footage for
Monday's vlog it should be a good time
the whole tricks and crews gonna be down
there my parents everybody the whole
gang all right love you guys see how
Monday have a great weekend
click on a video
