hi everybody today I'm going to show you
all on my American grandma clothes the
first one that we're gonna be showing
you is this ski coat rock I'm making a
video go away and that guy oh yeah
so I have this ski jacket and it's like
purple then you see the record button
now you're recording do you see how that
works
okay I just gave baby tard the brand new
camera tutorial Ocala put your finger on
the top there's the microphone up there
I have done it makes me so bad when I
put my finger over the microphone her
Daxton every vlogger goes through that
order where that microphone is on the
new vlog cam it's kind of stressful
sometimes you don't get no possum it's
bad for you no pops it's the same diff
yo I got him a soda yesterday and I also
got him water and I said he had to drink
the same amount of pop as water so as
much pop as he drank he had to drink
that same amount of water because it's
good for you anyways alright your new go
vlog a tutorial okay good luck
hi everybody today I am going to be
showing oh wait one second
hi everybody
today I am going to show you all on my
record garlic cloves and all of her
shoes and her bed and so let's get
started with the clothes first and since
she's first clothes and shoes first okay
so the first one that we're gonna be
showing you is this little tutu she has
she can wear like right there it's this
little tutu and she has like Wolfie
sings right there and there's like a
rubber band kind of right here so you
could just like stretch it next we
have this red dress with like a little
flower right here it's like just a like
sleeve right there and then it's like a
soft sleeve right here right here is
kind of like soft and the flowers soft
this is her fancy dress this is the
dress that I got her in yeah that's the
dress I got her it's really pretty I
like it and this is a bitty baby thing
but it doesn't fit her but sometimes I
try to fit on her so it's like a bitty
baby thing I have a baby baby and this
is for it and it has blue right there
and it kind of has like red pink and
grade right there
and blue lace on the bottom and and so
yeah so it's just like a little bitty
baby dress next is this ski coat Brock I
like you the video don't wait and have
that guys are yeah so I have this ski
jacket and it's like purple and it has a
rubber band right here so you could just
like stretch it and it's purple right
here and it has like a white lace right
there and purple right there in a white
lace right there and it has a zipper it
could go like that and it says American
girl right there and it has purple is
right there
are you done get up bring dexon don't
let it play with my American Girl petal
Jackson come on hey hey Jackson you can
have the stuffed animal yeah one sec
sorry guys
back alright guys that's my little
brother screaming sorry I had to stop
that video and so I'm selling this pink
dress and
yeah as like a tack right there sorry
guys hi guys today I'm gonna be showing
you a video um of all my clothes and so
I'm gonna just sit her back here and
sargans hi everyone um today I am going
to show you all my American Girl dolls
clothes so let's get started what you
have to say whatever you're saying on
camera
why it's a secret yeah come on just tell
them no what is it okay I'll cut this
part out what no I'm curious no my
battery's about to die okay okay what -
dang come on mom just just at this store
getting a few machetes
that is so cute ma'am do you want that
into the lighter darker wood it's a wood
one yes man walking look at ocean I sure
do we
I need my babies I'll ask somebody there
mando Jackson I got you I got you
hey come on let's go look over here come
on
no poke wonder no somebody in there okay
guys we have a guest coming to stay with
us tomorrow so we wanted to get our
guest room looking a little bit better
than it does now and bring them at all
to think that we're scumbags Lindsay
we're not scumbags we have good taste
she understands you want light or dark
wood on your bed could she's managed
she's gonna stay forever so so this is a
very short and shitty landing she doesn
t redesign she should design the guest
room my career you have to design our
guest room sorry mrs. price s coming to
visit I don't know what kind of things
I'm liking the light one today better
yeah that's perfect
okay here we are in the isle of toys of
yesterday past anything that you can
remember having a popular toy what do
you have what do you see Colette is
going down toy memory lane yeah a
redhead named Becky in this movie man
same adorable it reminds me of that old
lady from the labyrinth but she has all
those toys and she has motor bashing
remember their story
Jackson are you a big enough boy can you
climb in your seat all by yourself can
you do it all but look at him he's a
little mountain climber he's gonna make
it to top the top of the family
commuting Everest it's at all as
commuting vehicles on the market it's a
Chevy Suburban this is not a rendered
endorsement unless they wanna send us
some free cars can get your seat climb
up there get in there can you do it
say yeah dad I gotta get rid of this guy
I can't be carrying people's I'm getting
into my cars sweet all right so the kids
lucked out cuz we went to the thrift
store they get to get some presents
so they go it I like that one it's for
your American Girl dolls Jackson you're
not driving I told you you're not old
enough get in your car seat I wish for
watermelon yes
I do it there's the watermelon here
would you like some I sure would
hey guys were sick how are you feeling
I'm not sick I am NOT going to throw up
and diarrhea for 24 hours like you did
last was all this we have a 24-hour bug
flu bug food poisoning bug started with
Collette and AV and Andy Gavin
it has Brock and axon at it me Brock and
Dax are the only three who have not
grown up slashed for the last 24 hours
that's why there was no vlog yesterday
and that's why today's vlog is short we
just feel like crap but we've uploaded
three videos today this is the third
video we have an awesome podcast that
just went live a brand new shaycarl
video from the 4th of July extravaganza
and it was really fun
honestly this fourth of July was one of
my favorite fourth of July's and Shay
made me jump in the water
you I was so proud of you and Gavin -
Gavin jumped if you watch the vlog from
Monday there's a little GoPro clip of
Gavin thinking about jumping off the
very very highest part of the dam he did
it he actually did it so you have to go
check out the new shaycarl video of
course
Avia did it did you do a backflip off a
video you should've all been one of
those yeah how are you feeling by the
way
well I'm fine you're still amazing what
what do you mean that fight I mean I'm
I'm happy you know I talked about it I
don't know she got barely got better but
good that we passed it on to any now so
she's she's taking a shift literally
she's taking a giant ship yeah
boy all right I'm gonna eat some
watermelon go check out the podcast look
at that oh that is beautiful brand new
podcast brand new shaycarl video is all
alive right now but first have a bite of
this as you go watch the end slate to
the end slate I don't know don't know
alright everybody thanks for watching
today please check out yesterday's vlog
click on the feelin mystery lucky but to
go see the brand new fourth of July
check our video check out the brand new
where the kids go to sleep if you want
to see what the Shaytards been doing
every single day for the last six years
click on those numeric faces you know
how you do we'll see you guys tomorrow
