hold it out so they're not looking up
your nose look at you and your shark
shoes are you camping and that is
dachshunds room oh my mom
headed to school all right hey what's up
good morning welcome to the Shaytards
vlogs guess what today is
what you didn't guess those donuts with
dads day dude
where you been dogs so collecting vlog
yesterday during muffins with moms so I
had to take care of the donuts with dad
Judy haha anyways I don't want to go to
this I don't want to get up at 7 a.m. go
to the school yeah done Debbie wanted me
to go so I said I would go and I
actually even just gave her an ultimatum
last night because her room was a
disaster
I said listen dog daddy go to donut day
with dad's with this room being a
disaster and she cleaned it spotless you
get early this morning you stayed up
late and you woke up early I said if
your rooms clean I'll come with you and
it was spotless so that makes you
actually makes me feel good because it
makes me feel like you really wanted me
to go so thanks for cleaning your room
now let's go get some donuts hey where's
your coat there's snow outside dude you
got your coat
put it on let's go I know there's snow
outside it's getting cold not a lot just
a little bit of the white stuff a little
bit asked if I think we got a skiff Zeke
why would you measure that a trace or a
skiff know what you're talking about I
thought it'll be on this tree alright
Daxton here's such a handsome shark foot
boy we're gonna go up to the studio and
exercise are you ready yeah your hair
looks good crazy boy alright Shane I
just did a two-mile run we're trying to
prepare for a half marathon oh yeah hold
on to them hey you don't you don't need
to hold them you guys will you hold you
so they don't blow away
they'll probably blow away some point no
random anyways we're training for a half
marathon we gots are running today it's
hard it is hard to start but just focus
and go this is different
how to do that's a lot easier said than
done dad dad you did huh cool
he's like a parachute guy keeps calling
him army guy he didn't want the
parachute you just wanted the guy so we
cut the parachute off he's pretty cool I
love that Daxton finds these tiny toys
and he gets attached to him and he'll
carry him around until they get lost but
like he'll pick one toy that is his
favorite one for days and days and days
until it gets lost and then he picks
another favorite toy it's really cute
he's very easy to please alright army
guy let's go fine alright hey guys we
did not do a full-on work out because we
had a miscommunication not everybody was
there so we did do some stretches which
I really needed and now I'm making
breakfast hi I'm mixing I need some eggs
they do get any cheese on them cooking
you spinach I was gonna mix it in with
the eggs with the eggs took your
bathroom I didn't have the spinach ready
so now I'm cooking the spinach just a
little bit and I put a little basil in
there from my fresh basil plant it's a
little bit sorry because I keep killing
it but isn't my plant you might kill a
little basil plant oh yeah I don't take
the best care of it but it comes back to
live really long that smells so good
every time it's kind of droopy I just
give it a similar and it comes back to
life anyway so there's my little basil
plant we have some fresh basil and whoa
whoa whoa don't trip over dishwasher and
tomatoes I love tomatoes so we're gonna
put tomatoes in it too and that'll be
like a nice healthy breakfast I think
I'm going to put a little bit of hemp
seeds in there to add to the nutrients
and then some antioxidants stop anyway
decided healthy breakfast gonna tights
good too I find that the healthy
breakfast usually tastes better than the
non healthy breakfast even though you
kind of think the opposite like the
stuff with all the sugar in it is
actually what tastes the best but when
you kind of get your body into a habit
of eating healthy your body craves it
more like the healthy stuff just tastes
like oh this feels good and it tastes
good and it's good in my body I love it
anyways let's go finish breakfast you
guys you sad they flash scratched you on
the cheek again
guys that flash she's a warrior princess
she is in charge not necessarily in
charge of us but she definitely doesn't
put up with any crap let's just say that
she's a warrior princess she doesn't
like when you pick her up and try to put
her in the American Girl doll tent she's
not going to do it so she might get a
little feisty and you know what I've
noticed she is the youngest of the
youngest Kitty batch that we've had and
she's the only one that we still have of
that that litter and she is also the
most in charge like the other kittens in
thee from the anyways we have a lot of
cat the older kittens they all kind of
like I wanted to say bow to her but they
kind of do like she's in charge and they
know she is like she will go and eat
first she'll go to the bowl first and
they don't they don't dare like growl at
her anything like she'll growl at them
before they will yeah anyway she's in
charge we all know that she's awesome so
you just have to be careful you have to
treat her nicely she likes to snuggle
but she doesn't like to be um you know
pushed around so you got to be kind to
her yeah I love you you're a good boy
he's learning he's learning how to be
really nice to the kitty it's hard when
they're just looks so much fun you want
to play with them like they're toys but
they're just kitties they got to take
care of him huh I love you okay guys
dachshund told me he wants to vlog so
I'm gonna hand the cameras ahem okay go
you hold it hi hey you hold us you can
see yourself sit up Zeke see if you have
something to say what do you have to say
hold it out so they're not looking up
your nose there you go what do you want
to say hmm
hey are you showing my bunt bathtub I'm
strongly bunkbed yeah okay
you might make him dizzy or you get sick
or something with the rat we're going
hey do you want to tell him what we
finally figured out what superdude was
he was saying Supergirl not super dude
Supergirl huh I can't buy today here so
Gary stretch my cheek yeah he did you're
gonna be okay
okay guys that's someone to show you
this book let's see is it deep don't pay
any attention to the mess on the floor
please yeah special early bad but all
the bunk beds cool right just my Lou my
master my bundt egg good job that's my
mom I like that bit I'm still
you that you still want to walk it yeah
highs my mum will keep the camera cause
it's still going just my bungee dance
this is tickle all that it's showing you
the stairs that's just a - no I've got
it
got you guys you've got just it tight
I'm not step on them okay are you dizzy
yet and that is Daxton room okay and
another time okay we got to take a break
for a minute how to collect ourselves
it's like somebody found some cool boots
well you just kick yourself in the face
yeah I think those are bigger than your
whole legs he's silly bones you rent
daddy's boots classic classic daddy's
boots picture click are you running fast
here stand up let's see if you can walk
I'll help you uh-oh
very cool oh you're cute
you said I'm too big for these boot hat
near a tarp I love you
how'd you do on your shark suit you're
so cute okay we're just here for a quick
checkup for Doc said he had a few teeth
that look like they might have cavities
last time I'm gonna bet just checking
them up to see how they look
oh that's very good he has the cutest
smile doesn't he look how pearly white
teeth are all right so we're back from
the dentist yes dachshund has a few
cavities want to get them fixed but are
you surprised we had a lot of sugar for
Halloween soap yellowy I almost said
Thanksgiving and then said Halloween but
I don't know why that made it sound like
he Allah ween Halloween you know homes
and look at this kitty hey he doing in
the tent
candy are you camping this is kitty he
does funny things she sorry I call you
with you but you're a she your he she
you're so pretty
that's so cute hey hey he's gonna
scratch me she's gonna scratch me I'm
sorry I'm sorry I love you you look like
a beautiful Persian princess you're
beautiful
are you gonna get in there with her I
know she likes you that's why she's
biting you kiss me on the lips
hey flash
what all right it's somebody's birthday
yeah it's my turn it's not your turn yet
yeah Cooper is what how old are you
eighty seven nine okay not not quite
exciting here's the crew - hi everybody
I love your shirt can I can I show the
 out like all the other one well I'm
like who mom I need a shearling I mean
right guys we got a friend oh okay
