mami tarde the girl of my dreams my
eternal companion and best friend in
baby trips
basically from here on out life just
goes downhill so mami tardes birthday
today
so everybody wish mommy tired happy
birthday birthday money it's so glad to
be here with you on your birthday dinner
this is ghetto birthday cake mommy
tardes two matches and a straw or your
candle happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you
whose birthday is it how old are you 27
you want to tell them how old you are
mommy tard any their toes and the male's
did it's the luck pull them up to your
face let me see hey what do you think
you like it
is it your favorite thing to show these
guys okay here's what we see
say I love you dad I love you so much
say dad what who's that little boy over
there say your boyfriend say that's not
my boyfriend say daddy you're my
boyfriend you're my boyfriend if you
would jump through the torpedo of pills
I'm thrown at you you'd be cool I won't
I promise look I swear scouts honor
double crosses go nice we fire good job
okay promise is up yeah you're so crazy
we just check out the fashion sense turn
around please turn around show me the
snow boots pajama camel pants are
you hearing a dinner jacket to the
CrossFit gym you kind of figure out your
itinerary for tomorrow you don't want to
miss the panel huh he's like dad this is
my fifth VidCon you gotta have your
itinerary lined out or you're not gonna
know what to do I promised rock-hard
since today was his very first bath
because his bellybutton fell off and
something else fell off that he can
drive all right we're gonna go sign
their paper why are we gonna do that why
do we need to go sign your name yeah do
you like it
okay you guys ready you know we're going
today where we're going to Yellowstone
speaking of digestion I have that soap
with my food
me my dad I've been drinking a gallon of
water a day 3 2 1 okay jump straight
back Center
Oh do another one do another one we're
gonna castle and jump high you've got a
bar of soap do it oh man that's
embarrassing
wait hold on I think when you tell us on
tard the reason they put a bar soap into
your bag is cuz I wanted you to take a
shower I showered
listen me and sundered we're talking and
we were thinking if you drive all day
tomorrow me and said I could stay up and
watch movies on my no then you be sure
not to touch the handle with your hand
use the paper that you tried your heads
up with that use it as a handle to open
the door let's get on road in like a way
to get out on the road again I didn't
wait to get to that hotel and make out
with my wife I get some lucky action
tonight yeehaw to be changed to be to be
10 like the gay tarantella
thank you don't know it Gavin you're
being obnoxious eleven-year-old it's
only funny when a 35 year old man does
it
case am i funny no you laughing case is
over there laughing losers there's
nowhere that some youtubers aren't
supposed to be here to pick us up we're
here oh well I like some real youtubers
like big ones it's bigger then is them
the videos I know I've said that before
my life it's bigger than a lot for more
of this comedy go ahead and subscribe to
Casey Levere on YouTube welcome to the
vortex you were just witnessing
Shaytards watching Shaytards ten years
from now I'll be 40 she'll be 38 years
old right we're like oh wow behold and
then we're like such hard
v16 printe star will be 15 and baby thar
will be 13 we're gonna have three
teenagers 13 15 and 16
no we're just like seven six five
and don't forget to dry them thoroughly
and then when you exit the premises be
sure not to touch the handle with your
hand use the paper that you tried your
heads up with that use that as a handle
to open the door so as you know dads
have to touch the dirty door in the
world the people service may be recite
then just throw that little extra thing
in the trash and walk out simple potty
training my
