keep seek get out of here you big mutt
no get the photo shoot I'm ready I got
my makeup on oh hey guys I am coming to
you from a new camera we have a
different camera and its really big
we're gonna try it out today we are at
the the vet again with two more of the
kittens I tried to bring three in but I
could only get two cuz hazel put up a
little hazel fit so we will try again
for hazel but we have Bagheera and Jacob
all right you guys ready we're gonna
take these kitties in and see how
they're doing
hey guys okay so so much Shh hey
remember that's on an important call
quiet
dad's on a business call and oh I forgot
to tell you guys about the cats yes
okay welcome won't go back to that hold
on so the kids for cleaning the bathroom
they found a spider jumps out you know I
thought our jelly big spider oh my gosh
that thing that looks really big that is
cool here oh okay I have this average
size elastic band I'm gonna set it next
to my daughter - okay so it doesn't look
quite as big it does that's pretty big
mister peres spiders in your house and
when I was
my mom had total traps all over the
basement because we always had a hold of
spiders I have no idea what kind of
spider that is it could be a hobo camera
I'm trying to use camera guys it is
really lovely baby and I've got a strap
for it so that I can carry it around
like a tourist all the time done yeah
you're talking seriously there's a bunch
of gorges where you secret calm they
want some there's smell
I mean you look beautiful too we're
getting ready for a trixin photo shoot
to show off the women's stuff or girls
stuff or whoever wants to buy it
guys did you want to buy it too this
will do whatever whoever for everyone a
favor and maybe he'll say anything in
the morning days or I'm gonna send
everybody blogging with this Colette
hello we got a new camera got a new
camera
there's Carly there's the karma corn
yeah camera it makes us look like we
have our makeup down and everything like
in the nostril holes hello there's the
children and make a broom or shoot no
trick just like the songs that make up
no anybody anybody like your songs
everybody doesn't make up on and I just
looked ugly claim that you only look
pretty good may come on
Joe Jim Joe Jim don't you crazies we're
talking about yeah but let's go play
some soccer all right they're setting up
outfits for a tricks and photo shoot so
we have this new camera we're trying to
vlog with the
I know it's big its bulky we're so used
to the other camera it's really hard to
make this switch but I think we're gonna
have to do it
home win Stoney hey Gwen Stoney how you
doing you crazy monkey head hi
you're so 10 have you been out in the
Sun all day long have you heard of
anything called sunscreen
I've heard of sunscreen you did okay you
should wear it what are you gonna do
catch it
popcorn pass that here you go pass the
ball to your dad
pass the ball pencils this is so crisp
and clear I can't get over it you know I
really hope you learn how to edit with
this offer I don't think he heard me
you'll hear it later Winston I know me
don't hit my baby wow that's really good
don't get noodles like six three I got
it I guess
photoshoot as the lady I'm just gonna do
voiceover why you guys do your selfie is
that cool do you mind what Z can't be in
the Sophie watch out get out of the year
yeah yeah kids get this big old dog Anna
here Tim get your animal out of here oh
he's going in the studio he's like air
conditioning oh sorry maybe is taking
the picture oh we got watermelons it's a
summer day you know and it's a summer
day you want to have watermelon when
you're looking cute and you got your
chicks and carry on come here
he's smart he's a smart doggie
that's a cute pic get a self Gavin get
out of there
Gavin you're being obnoxious
eleven-year-old it's only funny when a
35 year old man does it alright
everybody we got photo shoot Brock
wanted to show you how cool he is how he
stands on the truck and he's just
climbing all over the truck careful dude
don't fall off of it it's probably
pretty hot huh is it hot yeah he cut his
finger on the weed so that's how he's
cleaning it as he puts it in his mouth
anyways we got a dance party going on
over here what is going on over there
Carly's directing them ginger powe
change your pose
hey beautiful
hi have you what I missed it money did
we get it Carly and Carly's on the set
directing hey this there's no traffic
through here sir
can I see your license and registration
young man bad influence
no you're fine is that fun there's no
window are you really just coming
through that field is it covered in the
seat oh yeah they're little miniature
bugs
yeah they joke dude whoa that's scary
my name's Luke this mcgoofy and I liked
Luke this magnificent case am i funny
no you laughing case is over there
laughing losers did you see how I
matched my hush hat with my toenail
polish did you see that
you should have screen capped it and
tweeted it from the harsh Twitter
account I can't get over that can you
careful with that baby that looked like
you're right by that barbed wire but
he's not guys at least 12 inch I'll get
a little of my own lens flare her Tim
you're not the only fancy-pants
cameraman around here can buy a canon
camera get a lens flare through some
trees with some pretty girls I could do
that too what I am is it good yeah you
guys a lot of weird things
call me Pacey hey babe
hey sweet cheeks love you okay I'm
looking I'm trying to vlog brock's you
want me to what do you guys like the new
camera I think it's sweet and I just
switched to Final Cut Pro to edit on
because I want to be able to have these
videos in 1080 and not just the 720 with
a scratch slave I got out my game you
got Roman Atwood and Sam macaroni making
these 360 vlogs I got to at least
by 1080 for you guys right so it's a sad
day because I've been using iMovie Oh
six
for about six years and I'm very
passionate about my iMovie oh six it's
what I'm good at
so it's gonna be hard to switch to a
different editing software anyways so
now we're gonna drive up to the new
location to get some more photos let's
go what are they doing they're supposed
to be chatting I think here I see a deer
oh there it is cool that's cool side
deer okay let's do a shot we just chase
the deer and tackle it what Brock no
every got my truck come on we gotta go
get some pictures over here it's photo
shoot I'm a grouse adjuster grouse just
a bird here I'm trying to be artistic
I'm trying to get some artistic shots
does it do I look artistic yeah you look
like on a kissy lips okay the girls are
going through the grass there's some
wildlife things like deers and Bucks
antelope and all kinds of birds grouse
pheasants yeah this is pretty snap sassy
sister watch your Instagram attitude Dan
you guys I can't stop looking at all
these pretty girls
alright did you okay
Oh c'mere you alright hit him with the
stick dude you're right bud okay what
happened Oh got a little cut okay seek
get out of here you big mutt no get a
photo shoot I'm ready I got my makeup on
Lindsey comes walking in freaking muddy
aspect here they go
The Laughing psycho things like alright
Tim I'm ready get a shot of me do I need
a tricks an out or anything I'll just
show right here
look at those disgusting muddy paws ODC
Zaku shot we're trying to show up two
tricks necklace and my leg hair maybe a
sass master
smell it from here can we use this as
they can you have that as an include
yeah totes can it's mostly a necklace
but we just thought this cool rock is
cool Tim why don't you wear one on your
leg I said I'm not right now that's what
I thought
Zeke's fighting with the horses he's
gonna get kicked if he's not careful
cash money won't put up for that for too
long you better get out of zekiel Oh
Zeke come here he's so dirty
alright so they waited till right now of
the golden hour to get the last shots I
read up here on my motorcycle and
they're coming up right now but God look
at it it's just pretty every single time
you look at it the golden Setting Sun is
always phenomenal it brings
ah it encourages inspirational type
thoughts anyways here come all the girls
in the trucks are gonna do a yoga pose
up here right with the sunset see what
you see what I'm saying here you picking
up what I'm laying down Danny hustle
hustle hustle
we're losing the light we're losing the
light come on get over there and get
your yoga pants on get your yoga poses
going Danny we're losing the light we
got a hustle here yeah this is so please
give myself some video credit I envision
this I'd rent it really it's all you but
you know what I do not do look at the
moon
this is such a magical evening I am glad
that we switch to this camera look at
that it actually does it a little bit of
justice that's the moon that way you
guys want to see the suddenly flip it
around Oh or did you want to see the
light of my life
because there she is right there dang
because muscles what I love you come now
hey guys at thumbnail warrior one Danny
warrior one no he's instagramming oh I
should do that news you guys follow me
on instagram you can see a picture that
I'm about to take you guys are awesome I
like you guys yo that's pretty good guy
Danny
Colette your muscles look freaking huge
you do CrossFit do that again I want to
see her flex Hank she could beat you up
a bit how do you how do you say this is
it do you CrossFit or do you do cross
just look at those arms I just shout I
do cross
I am woman strong and beautiful the
nurture of our life I am woman love you
dude
Colette I like just want to like keep
this camera on all the time it looks
amazing I do should we I think it might
be I love the way this camera looks we
get the shot okay I got a leather strap
I know it's helpful isn't it Canon sent
me a leather strap it looks silly but
actually that is good you're getting a
good mix of everything
look at that things nothing uses to get
that till you're getting the orange and
a while later perfect yes any senators
okay girls okay perfect you ready here
we go here we go ready all up and then
around ready go it's like one of Adar
geez why are we so lucky why do our
eyeballs get to connect to our brain
stems and deliver this information of
awesomeness look at that golden sky
Collette
place your braids this could be the
phone look at this it's a cotton candy
I thought yous coming right at me at
that one
you've bleep beautiful indeed I thought
you're gonna hit me house like he's
coming right at me get the shot Tim well
did we get the video I think so it's all
right inside here all right be watching
on the tricks and YouTube channel timmi
timmi gonna make a video 48 hours give
you 48 hours I'm gonna reach out and
grab some of that cotton candy and eat
it well it indeed is a big day switching
from iMovie oh 6 HD I've literally been
using that same software to cut my shade
hard vlogs for over five years it's very
close to six years you know close to
everyday editing on this same thing so
it's very tough it's very challenging it
took me at least twice the time to learn
on this new software because I'm just so
quick at the other way but I like the
1080 option I hope you guys liked it
yeah Shaytards have taken a step into
the future thanks for watching thanks
for thumbs enough I hope you have a
great weekend click on the yesterday's
vlog there's lots of new videos that are
up today for you guys to watch two very
specific videos I would love for you to
check out one of them is the brand new
tricks and stories it's a new web series
that we're doing on the tricks and
clothing YouTube channel it's all about
you guys we interview you we find out
about your life we do cool shots and
cinematography lens I don't know how
that works but anyways check it out it's
up the very first episode if you're a
Chicago from Chicago or ever been
anywhere close to Chicago you should
check it out or if you like sports
because you're gonna love it
also brand new podcasts when the kids go
to sleep me and Colette talk about
marriage equality I'm nervous to go look
at the comments because I always I don't
know I hate when I feel like people
misunderstand me or you know they think
that I meant a certain thing by what I
said when I don't really mean that so we
kind of get into it we you know open up
maybe more than we ever have so check it
out a new podcast is on the channel or
you can download it on iTunes for free
ok love you guys thanks for watching we
appreciate it we will see you on Monday
unless you watch this raid to our jury
tomorrow which are awesome I love them
they're so cool to see the connection
through the years right don't you agree
okay leave a comment below I love you
give me kiss bye
