speaking of digestion I have that help
with my food
me my dad have been drinking a gallon of
water a day and I've been doing pretty
good so I'm pretty proud of myself right
it is look at it another brand-new day
me and mr. Rocky Lee's Johnson face are
going out oh my focus camera get your
act together we go to CrossFit
that's right let's get that where you
put the jacket on it's gonna be 197
degrees Fahrenheit Celso centigrade out
here we just check out the fashion sense
turn around here's turn around show me
the snow boots pajama camel pants rock
are you wearing a dinner jacket to the
CrossFit gym look at the lining on this
bad boy
are those checkers stylish check it out
check out check out
look Brock to Hawks ah-ha
we got a herd of hawks hey I told you to
clean up your Hawk heard you leave your
Hawks laying around out here
there's Hawks everywhere ha it's mom's
Hawks forever oh yeah we got mom a
couple of pair of I don't know what kind
of Tsar Prayer Egan Falcons excuse me
what kind of bird of prey are you look
at those things that is so cool thanks
for taking care of our rodent problem we
appreciate it
look at the golden feathers you guys
look look look look look
science is happening what's it called
kids when two species work together to
benefit one another leave it in the
comments the bird is eating the bugs off
the cow and the cow is letting the bird
crawl on it
thus feeding the bird and getting the
annoying insects off the cow it's called
symbiosis I think for something thanks
for joining in science hour today on the
Shaytards
see you cows and birds see you later bye
science it's cool
wow you're fast
Wow good this how we do my baby but
don't ever - baby don't ever see you you
and me
by the way do not work for her it didn't
for me the day I was rich I just think
pieces that's me she did my hair because
I had no character role today and I was
really tired and so like Avia to my hair
okay wait you already did it so yeah
okay my turn
who's gonna get a big fat spankin cuz
their room isn't clean you and you and
you and you I said who's gonna get a big
fat spankin cuz the room it's never
clean it's never ever ever ever ever
ever ever ever ever ever ever ever clean
it's Brock and Emmy the disgusting
pigsty yeah now you sing ah I never
Glade my room cuz I'm a disgusting Pig
hey we're going to the store to get
potions because we have nothing up the
house to eat show you but it's just
happening yeah like ketchup and mustard
and pickles so we could I said pickle
pickle hotdogs but nobody agreed so
we're going to get stuff you are so
committed and our mouths and our belly
and then you know what I'll later
oh come on let's go okay bye bye
speaking of digestion I have that help
with my food me my dad have been
drinking a gallon of water a day and
I've been doing pretty good so I'm
pretty proud myself what song do you
sing when your room isn't the neatest
guys come on for serious anybody out
there ever gotten a spankin Brock what
if I give you a spanking cuz you didn't
clean your room hmm you want to talk
about that what do you think about
spankings should we talk about that no
spankin mmm-hmm I kick your buck have I
ever given you a spankin never I think I
have I definitely gave Gavin and
have√°-- spankings I gave you spankings
but I don't think I've ever gave Brock
have I given you spankings
mm-hmm yeah baby turns needed a swank in
a time do the Shaytards thank their kids
I don't think I've ever spanked we
talked about in the podcast actually
recently uh I don't think I will Pyun
ever spanked Brock or Daxton i don't
know why you just kind of get softer as
a parent yeah I think Emmy was the last
one we ever spanked how it was a lot how
long did I spank you like five minutes
ago or so no how long ago was it
I don't know year six months three weeks
okay you write in your journal yeah you
want a spike in boy I got spanked oh boy
mom I'm telling him mom dad I'm gonna
tell him how you guys what me good and
look how I turned out I got whooped
plenty of time me and Casey we found
some trouble to get into
you guys I love you guys clean your room
don't beat your kids love them I love
you oh yeah let's go clean your room
your grandma and I'm gonna beat you I'll
get grandma and grandpa over here with a
stick now we're in the store the place
where you get food and it goes to that
process
hey ma'am ma'am what stay with your
guardian okay oh then I'm taking you to
the orphanage let's go hi miniature but
miniature sets honey sorry sorry I'm so
I'm sure speaking of miniature dachshund
was just stepping on everything six
years later
goodnight it's hard shopping and getting
everything you need especially when you
don't worry especially when aren't
especially when you have this guy or
dinner plans I think she's one action
what that was awkward
hey guys so we give stress finished from
the grocery store
was it fun so now we are going to get
some food this is so funny cuz these one
of those nights hey Dad I just realize
on a couple of clips it's kind of blurry
or unfocused
so yeah just let me know and I think I
make sound if I did so I would test it
on maybe it okay I think I fix it tis
Eventide alone lonely / with you my
mobile
this evening stay this night with me
behold tis ooh that horse and that post
have really formed a relationship that
can't be explained
it's only a will you itch that my big
horse neck relationship oh I'm gonna get
the butt - are they all saw me they're
like hey there's that guy that has the
carrots and the apples let's go see what
he's up to
what's up Goldie lookin pretty nice on
golden hour hey guys
look just just take a gander go on go on
take a look at it open both of your eyes
hoping them as wide as you can it's not
too shabby what's up boys how was your
day huh I bet these guys love when the
Sun Goes Down it's like uh fine like
that hot afternoon Sun comes beaten down
huh
here comes cash money hey why are you
taking so long
cash money no he's like he doesn't have
anything he just has a vlog camera he'll
still come say hi to me huh you won't
wish you well come here oh hi so buddy
me and cash money have a very special
relationship look at her he just comes
right up to me put his head on me he's a
good boy yes you are he's my cash money
hurry articles that tickles
he's my entire ear inside of his nostril
cash she crazy monkey that tickles gonna
son
oh my pardon my language cash money look
at this
yeah pretty you are did you get
highlights did you go to the salon and
get highlights and now the next 20
seconds of today's Shaytards vlog will
be brought to you by Idaho sunsets and
horses chewing grass please and joy such
a cotton candy Golden Hour moment these
blows and pinks and greens
beautiful evening to be alive yo let me
just level with you thanks for watching
the videos we appreciate it
a big news we shot two podcasts today so
I think uh not tomorrow but there will
be a new when the kids go to sleep
podcast up on Friday thanks for
downloading those off of iTunes are free
you guys may in Gavin the very last
podcast that is live right now is me and
Gavin talking about the book were
writing and explaining why we're
drinking a gallon of water a day it is
made such a huge difference in my life I
can oh man
yesterday for instance I did not drink
my gallon and I could I you have to
check out the podcast and read the book
but thanks for watching and you know
supporting us on all the 800,000 other
projects that we're doing check out
yesterday's vlog it was Colette's
birthday I had a surprise birthday
hidden-camera extravaganza it was a good
video yesterday I really liked editing
that one and then if you have not yet
seen the video where we took the
trampoline and put it next to the
swimming pool and jumped from said
trampoline flipping into the air through
the stratosphere into the swimming pool
click on that feeling lucky button it's
on the shaycarl channel it turned out
really good and if you want to see the
shaders i've been doing every single day
for the last six years click on those
numerical faces that i created with my
wife yep that's it okay love you guys
thanks for pumping up the video and
leave a nice comments we appreciate it
we'll see you tomorrow maybe I don't
know I'm busy podcast yeah oh oh we're
gonna get better cameras I just got two
brand new cameras in I know the lens is
scratched I just wanted to make note of
that tomorrow we will probably have
brand new cameras and there will be a
vlog ok yes there will be bye
