okay we're back in the hotel room we're
gonna freshen up and go out to dinner
but I have a secret outfit I'm gonna put
on Colette that I think she's gonna
really like but it's a secret okay so
I'm gonna put it on them and then I'm
like hide the camera to see her reaction
you guys seek a walleye Nigel first I
get my outfit on Kate then here it's
right there it is good morning ladies
and gentlemen boys and girls people of
all ages put your hands together and
help me in wishing mommy tard
the girl of my dreams my eternal
companion and best friend is baby trip
sting thank you you're right okay okay I
love you all right guys happy birthday
to the mommy
hey happy birthday to my love me so what
we had some birthday decorations come
here you - happy birthday dude :
happy birthday what's this the birthday
chair so down Oh
the birthday princess yeah isn't there
something about like graven images it's
my birthday can we just pause for a few
moments to respect the way in which rock
card shows up to bow to His Royal
Highness
hmm I mean that's swagger back to the
birthday girl princess birthday girl
from idiot Prince friends bout your
queen my liege bow to your queen bow
your knee boy I'm your king take it if
we're thinkin yes my lady Queen a
birthday kiss you I won't give more moon
on a birthday kiss coming to my king
chambers haha happy birthday to my
princess these cute called r-27 yeah
I'm gonna go with that okeydoke okay we
are here um you know like usual getting
our feet our toes did okay open it up
this is the birthday present from mom
David David Archuleta tickets so cool
September I'm coming to see you David
Archuleta yeah David I'm getting my
toenails done so I'll be ready for the
concert there's the birthday girl
look he's down here I was a dude huh
well colored you take bro
oh it's orange nice my favorite color
hi Sadie the massage is making me get
receipts in there today and judging me I
like to give it on can I help can I tell
everybody laughter this morning I got a
shot my own Carly cut there's no better
way for an 11-year olds to say happy
birthday to his 33 year old mom then
getting fireworks painted on his son
else you're such a handsome little toefl
and mom I hope you always remember this
special gift happy birthday
she's not even listening hey Gavin it
means a lot to me bro abi abi
put your nails under there there's a V
huh do you guys think what is you say
don't touch it
this is happy which gave me an idea I'm
gonna do a happiness is a choice one
next time but she just did that I she
asked me what I wanted for design I said
I don't care she just did that and
that's sweet I'm like ooh ekiz me an
idea happy birthday get him done uh-huh
let's see those toes I like that design
purple flower nice call me crazy dudes
but I feel pretty do you feel pretty bro
I am a little jealous of your orange
that really pops brah that really pops
I'm gonna get my nails done for the rest
of my life I don't care what you guys
say I don't like it loofas I like that
pink and those fireworks
yeah that's pretty I mean our toes and
her nails did how'd she get so lucky I
didn't get my nails do you special hold
them up to your face let me see all
right that looks great that's great it's
a good face checking in to the hotel
with the birthday girl with the birthday
girl I'm not sorry I just try to get a
little action you know Sam oh that's oh
I guess I'll just kick you in the way
that's the best I can hope for a good
solid kick in the leg I'll tell ya I'd
go for one of those right now okay what
do you think there we are here in the
hotel the view is pretty nice eh that's
a good overlook hey you guys wanna know
a secret we got married in that building
13 years ago
JEP think would be yeah I lied not that
Billy knows that building like 13 years
ago now here we are overlooking it on
your birthday almost 13 well whatever
12 and a half it's my bird
it was pretty cool view there's River
and then there's some waterfalls and
some trees and rocks and so forth I bet
you there's a fish in the bird round
down there somewhere so nice balcony
though big room
happy birthday when I'm on shopping yes
all right well we checked into our hotel
and now we apparently there's this new I
don't know if you've heard this phrase
shop till you drop or I like to call it
my legs are numb can we please go now
you can call it whatever you want on
it's just up to you my legs are numb can
we don't know are you the birthday I am
everything all right well my legs and
I'm still so can we go now
we're shopping till we drop okay I'm
done no you guys think I just randomly
picked yellow but of course I'm gonna
match my freaking toenails to my hat I'm
fashionable come on guys all right
you're gonna try on something we could
be here all day
mom's trying on pants yep I'm gonna say
get your mom jeans on around your mom
but looks good in those mom jeans I
don't know what they are they're good
genes your mom you're wearing jeans what
do you call them
oh that's your heart they're high genes
I don't know all right there's that
Saturday Night Live skit I forgot about
that those are not mom jeans mom jeans
we're having a weather change we're
having to change weather hundred and
four degrees Fahrenheit today and now we
got a big ol storm big old storm clouds
it smells like rain and wind out there I
hope it floods oh oh hey what's up sexy
it's windy out there a little windy it
is there's a storm a-brewing okay we're
back in the hotel room we're gonna
freshen up and go out to dinner but I
have a secret outfit I'm gonna put on
for collect I think she's gonna really
work but it's a secret Kay so I'm gonna
put it on and then I'm like hide the
camera to see her reaction
you guys will see Kay all I hide you
first how you might help it on game it's
in here
it's right okay there it is getting
ready in here what it's a crazy outfit
I'm knocking things over wait a minute
clack shut the door come on I'm trying
to surprise you here okay come tell me
what you think
why Oh
you ready look what you are so hot
nervous I'm like stupid things are on
the table I get my boat song woman let's
go get some dinner on your birthday you
like that show them yeah look take a
gander at what I got my man is my
woman's birthday you see I take her out
to the finest establishment known to man
when go get us some beef cattle some
salad and some taters you on do that oh
yeah birthday mama turn my doggie
birthday
well I reckon John Wayne had a lady walk
in on him a time or two when he's trying
to get his boots on all right going out
to a birthday dinner and I just missed
the coolest lightning picture right over
there giant lightning forming in the sky
and I missed the pic all right fancy
birthday dinner commences with the left
leg
crackery chicken skewers edamame crab
cakes and that's the curry chicken which
looks yummy all right we just got done
eating dinner we're checking out the
waterfalls and looks pretty cool like
waterfall down some rocks that's pretty
nifty we're climbing up on the rocks in
Macau poor boots and
Jews but she can't climb up on the rocks
she got the damn high heels you see
so she barefoot with a pedicure and I'm
rocking my cowboy boot click your shoes
together three times so we're doing some
exploring there's some waterfalls right
here we're headed back to our hotel room
Colette's looking gorgeous she's
probably gonna try to seduce me I assume
well I usually gonna wants to mean just
my cowboy boots and my cowboy hat I
reckon and we're gonna watch a movie
that's what I'm excited about no kids
staying up late watching movies sleeping
in status all right
giddyap partner here we go okay I get it
secondly and obviously I really I didn't
know we don't in the weight all our
lives are better left to chance could
have not known the piano words just
gonna picture this a picture I could
miss the pain bladder Hey
happy birthday - Colette Butler my wife
the mother of my children all those
things I bet you they made their sixth
baby no we're not gonna have any more
babies plus we like watched 30 minutes
of a documentary about the founder of
GoPro cameras and fell asleep because
we're old and tired and when there's not
kids around you just like that would be
nice to lay down for a long time and
then not wake up as when the Sun rises
and that's what we did and we took a
nice easy breakfast and now we're home
and this is the video I hope you guys
liked it come along with us on
Collette's birthday thank you for all
the wishes man yesterday we were
commenting as we were shopping how many
people wished Colette happy birthday so
that really means a lot to us coming
from friends and from you
and comments and we see them on the
instagrams and you know we read those
like when we're out to dinner we're
checking your guys's comments to us so
we appreciate that it was a very good
birthday love you babe I hope you had a
good one and if you want to see
Colette's birthday over the last six
years you know what to do
check out that feelin lucky button and
if you want to see yesterday's vlog
click on a picture of my wife Colette
she's there all over the place okay love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow
