in summertime full footage product
placement product placement to three
nice warm yo alright
mission get the garage clean before mom
gets home
commences got some kids out here doing
some manual labor that's a big pile
would need to get moved how's it gonna
get moved gap with your hands that's the
best way to move it unless you had a big
tractor but that's not any fun you want
to move up you know like two pieces at a
time with your hands hon James James has
already caught and devoured one mice and
it looks like he wants a second helping
James you still have everybody that
entire Mouse didn't satisfy your
appetite I saw the tail go down like
that big no yes it was that big
I watched the tail go down his throat I
was like well I guess he ate that entire
Mouse now he's looking for another one
anyways Gavin and Avia are out here
moving the wood pile because this is
where my half pipes gonna go how do you
gonna have a skateboard halfpipe if
there's a wood pile in the way you can't
that's the answer to the question so
they're moving it out and stacking it
along that wall because they're good
boys and girls AV has got her boots on
wait leave that's a cool no that's I
think the top of a post well that could
be like a bird feeder
anyways move it all it alls got to go
that's where I'm gonna do my stall fakie
half grind switch with twist erson the
McTwist inson the McTwist islamic
twisters and slide grinds going on right
through this section so I need all this
wood out come on move it have you talked
to the kids at home let her just sitting
on their butts watching Shaytards videos
all summer what should they really be
doing oh gosh a chart videos all summer
what do you think I don't watch Marsh a
chart videos what do you think I should
be doing though their lives
I don't do something with I don't know
and then go play outside and maybe do a
little work for like five minutes and
come back in and watch another Shaytards
vlog
I believe in work I believe it's good
for the soul I believe it's good free
these guys learn those crap well this is
the mouse mansion you're moving the
mouse mansion and I'll tell you what
there's a mouse mayor who's not happy
about it
Mouse eaten no more and James is like
the evil Friar Tuck coming to clean
house Vinnie mousing Tain's who won't
move out of Shay's halfpipe bonanza
garage pulled out those paws this is the
locks right here you may be loading this
off sup look six pieces instead of two
smarter not harder load him up let's see
how many pieces you can fit on there
let's have a contest little competition
oh he's breed success well maybe it
doesn't want any talking or games she's
trying to get her job done if I could
just politely see me and my vlog camera
out of here then they wouldn't be
bothered with all this wasteful energy
okay
my bad 25 chicken bucks hey where's
destiny to go find Cecily
let's go fine thanks to me you say
Cecily Daisy wheel Angela
someone right yet you're such a good
helper I had to show them your outfit my
phone and your shirt says Mountain what
open em all Mountain momma yeah where
you are doing and honor the mountain
girls you were starting to Western stomp
dance I thought is limited full footage
product placement product placement
product placement is it cold still gauge
have you jumped in yet are you being a
wuss pro don't don't dip your toe in
just jump brought you to come on you
gotta jump once sometimes you got to
throw kids in just to just so they see
it's not as bad a be aware you throw
them in for me I'll have to do it if you
Bella
Brock come here I'm gonna put your
floaties on K listen here dude come here
you're gonna love it I promise I know it
feels did you get him yeah Phillies
nothing
why is your swimsuit wet yes you please
let's jump in rock alright
gage is gonna do it he's gonna show
Brock how to do it so Brock is brave
here he goes you can do it don't be
scared you I am me to show you gage we
need Emmy to show you how to be strong
okay guys lupus to show you how to be it
lets you dig here goes gauge gauge okay
Gavin we know you can do it you're the
stud muffin of everybody whoa big splash
aroni
we call you the big splash aroni Flavian
monnet via there your gage do it there
you go Proctor I try to push gage okay
Brock you do it can you do it Brown
broccoli do it
got to wussy heads on our hands do we
have to what see heads on our hands this
peer pressure working what calls me
chicken
what are you yellow bell there he goes
how's the handstand nice job okay
leave me hanging sounds good try that
rock cage did it you can do it Bobby
well it's gonna be hard not to put your
body and when you jump in the water oh I
have an idea I've idea when you jump in
kick your legs really really really hard
and that'll keep you above the water
like a dolphin and you like oh and like
kick your legs and you be like it'll
keep your body out of the water will
that work Brock has agreed to do it if
we get his floaties smart boy okay
Superman is about to come to the rescue
ladies and gentlemen I'm proud of you
dude you're so brave brave little boy
get out of here let me help you get that
on because engage will show you you
watch gage here he goes nice alright Lee
buckle this up alright there you go okay
guys every cheer for Brock rock you rock
you tease so well gonna jump off here
jump off there climb up there here he
goes
I count three one two yeah
hey is it that cold that's not too bad
rock look you can fly there you go now
you're swimming no no all right gage you
see a trick nice
oh there's case no pain in the pool
let's try to get Zeke in there who wants
to pick up Zeke and throw him in the
pool
I'd be fun to see right oh he's getting
brave okay go one two three go no you
got your floaties Chloe no don't catch
him he he can do it rock you have your
floaties it makes you float try it one
two three okay
young man go what Duty jump jump jump
what Duty jump yeah just a via let them
below fuck you won't go under the water
you got your fucking oh well at least
you're safe
Barney cannoli here we go it's a curtain
one two three I might have just nailed
the thumbnail thumbnail Ching that bud
nice warm yo sounds good sure check them
out they're available now job done
record so no powder you just want a
towel
let me grab you one here I mean what
sure which one do you want that the
towel you wanted once you can get a
maker C key Oh Oh My heck look at that
he is a summer outdoors dog now he likes
to lay in dirt and rolling cow crap it's
luck luck so I like to do daddy and me
like that towel yeah that's a good towel
it's big huh keeps you warm
jeez almost forgot we had food and wings
in the oven so much swimming pool time
we almost burned the wings
Timmy Deegan I didn't even know
they're in there I smelled something
amazing I was like somebody's got
something cooking is my wings mom's gone
that's when dad cooks breaded meat for
dinner
dad's cooking what's in that freezer I
know how to turn the stove on I'll bet I
could make dinner Tim know what while
mom's done we don't go in that drawer
okay get out of here bro which come on
in we should make a salad come here
you're Canadian you know how to make
salads right well how does it work looks
good yeah well let's do is it kissing
this fat way up Caesar salad whip me up
a Caesar salad Timmy I got some croutons
in here I'm sure my wall some parmesan
croutons in a Caesar salad all right you
guys so I'm finally gonna get Cecily her
birthday present it's been only a few
months since her birthday and I put it
together but I didn't have it quite
ready and I still don't really have it
ready it's not wrapped but I'm gonna
give it to her because it's time Simon
I'm ready
I wanted give it to me now No okay
Cecily we're Disney Leah it was like you
need one of them that's exactly why I
got it for you love it
but of course sound wise I actually
really wanted what we do this is so know
they're so awesome and I saw it and I
was like that's it I wanna be in fact if
you guys don't know Cecily is like our
Mary Poppins she just brings magic to
our lives so I had to get her a Mary
Poppins carpet bag okay now you had oh
let me help you move it stand up back so
you can put a baby in it
it's just part of the standard structure
of the bag I love it there he is mr. jug
challenge for ya halfway you're down
below past that's day six right there
Gavin Butler drinking a gallon water a
day I forgot to show you guys this new
pile
would we got check out these kids
Bagheera very proud of my little manual
labourers they moved the entire wood
pile out of the garage and swept it up
Gavin and Avia stacked that entire pile
of wood all by themselves not bad for an
11 year old and a 9 year old 10 year old
help my daughter I don't know I know her
name to only a matter of time before I
have room for my halfpipe now I just
gotta get rid of all these dang bicycles
Zeke can you get rid of bikes for me
what you in a crew bit up too huh
what's up three legs gears up to no good
huh get him Dickie Dickie Dickie no you
don't get to Katie hey who do you think
you are just lay around all day in our
garage eating our food laying on our
carpet you got cool eyes buggy inner Wow
buggy era
hey where's James I haven't seen James
for a while Tim we don't need bacon and
cheese all right it's gonna taste better
all right you ready to eat where's the
girls at hey go get your sisters tell
them it's dinner time okay use this
light saber take the boss with you know
you lost your and good job Luke no
hander all right we just finished our
second episode of the moms ooh and angel
can I just say your outfit thank jealous
thank you I look like scum a chance to
get along yeah all the news come on they
have a porch workers go quarter or
transliterate oh yeah no I can't
it's right before lunch and usually the
episode right before lunch is a little
bit like okay we're all hungry but then
the one after lunch we're all sleepy so
we just gotta like we come all right
Emmy loofahs is in the water-jug
challenge too but it's too heavy for her
to pick it up she got a straw she can't
pick it up off the table so she's
thinking smarter not harder
can you finish that water i dub it it I
doubted it good girlie Joe green lettuce
Avia now we're at the mall
why wouldn't they be right all right
anyways we have met already like three
people to watch our videos and Dustin's
been seen yeah say see ya bye thanks for
watching the vlog I love you high five I
have a high five
hi Boober bryggen ha I got you yes
speaking of I'm here with kaya your eyes
are so pretty thank you
she is an avid shade card watcher we
thank you very much that you have me
favorite who's your favorite kid you
don't have to say I can't see I don't
have a baby that's a good answer
the cows and the horses are
intermingling that is good they are
friends now yeah the cows are getting a
lot calmer we can like go up to them and
feed them and they'd shown with the
horses
it's one big happy grassy family up
there that's why I like it look at this
look how cool this is this is Stu do cut
your fingernail whoa cool look at this
isn't that sweet
embarrassed I'm a working man I built a
swimming pool you get dirt under your
fingernails they're long and gross
alright check this out you guys know who
gave this to me this is a miniature
sterling silver kaleidoscope none other
and the fitness king himself Richard
Simmons bless his heart who I've watched
hundreds of his videos because my
grandma my grandma used to always watch
his videos and I interviewed him and
this is what he brought me as a gift
what a gift to get from an icon Richard
Simmons eyed Richard I've had this on my
keys from the day that you gave it to me
it's on my keychain I'm up two on that
story people look through the
kaleidoscope and like check this out
they're like wow that's really cool
little mini kaleidoscope it's like real
quality the attention to detail on it's
very amazing it's kind of one of those
cool little items that could be like
your totem anyways
Richard Simmons gave me a kaleidoscope
keychain and I'm using it alright hey I
wanted to say thank you guys for
supporting tricks and clothing I know
that I've been promoting about it and
talking about it and I know you guys are
kind of getting sick of it and it's
interesting because when I first started
these vlogs it was always like I would
include you guys in everything you know
it was like hey we want to do this what
do you guys think but now it's in a
different kind of relationship because
it almost seems like you know we're
making this stuff to sell the you guys
we're before I think I would have
approached it like hey guys I've always
had the dream of starting a clothing
company with my siblings what do you
think should I do it and I feel like you
guys would be route me on and some of
you definitely are and hey listen I'll
just say this we've sold over 10,000
items and so that is you guys supporting
us so I know there's a huge amount of
you who support us and I know you guys
get sick of it and I'm try not to brand
it too much I saw the comments of like
you had to turn your family swimming
pool into a commercial you know it's
been a dream of ours you know me and
Casey we've talked about this ever since
we you know found no fear I remember
when I was like 13 years old there was
this company called no fear and I loved
that it was like adrenaline and I had
this one shirt it was this no fear shirt
with this like skeleton face on it and I
was at this big swimming pool and this
kid who I looked up to because he could
do a backflip off the platform and I
didn't know how to do one yet he loved
this no fear shirt I had and he asked me
he's like where'd you get that shirt I'm
gonna get that tattooed on my arm and I
was like no way so that I like thought
this shirt was so cool
I never said something like I associated
with this brand that I thought was like
what I was part of and so me and Casey
always like it was like Volcom you know
burton Northface you know these
activities that were so meaningful to us
those brands were there and they were a
part of those experiences and we always
wanted to like create that that's what
tricks it is to us it's about branding
this experience that sounds we
you're coldish I don't know but it's
just like cool clothes and doing fun
things that's always been something that
we've loved and attached to and have
wanted to do so that's what we're doing
and I don't know I hope you guys can be
down and kill along for the ride I've
seen if the battery died
I think this battery is about to die
anyways love you guys add on a
motorcycle evening ride love you
Collette and Daxton we miss you guys my
goodness
seriously he loved her don't just walk I
just call your hand and walk nicely but
if it's me
he's gonna run off and get lost
somewhere Oh cute yes he's barefoot guys
don't judge
cutest thing
damn
let's see we're in the shoe department
obviously her favorite place me and
dachshund he's just like Brock and em
even love shoes and he's so cute a try
on every pair are you gonna put the same
ones on you want to try different one
he's really into espadrilles this season
I don't know got good taste is that the
brands are the the kind with the braided
bottoms
Oh see I don't know my shoes I'm he's
wearing espadrilles I'm off my show game
you're on the game just because you
don't know the words mean you don't know
what looks good but we're and exactly
I'm totally on that game he's on that
yeah wait wait Jackson I love you yeah
you yeah he's so proud I actually feel
like a Disney princess in these ones
they're very pink and purple I would
love these exact shoes when I was 7
where have you been well you didn't tell
me you're going up there
well that doesn't matter you could have
left a note don't get mad I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry ok
alright so I'm gonna get a good time and
you're safe okay alright that's alright
I love you you be careful out there
there's mountain lions I just caught
Gavin admiring his pile it's pretty good
huh
why are you admiring it doesn't like the
stacks and all the pieces of what just
cool that you did that huh
isn't that funny how satisfying it is to
see something that you did with your
hands and be like so I started and you
get going you know what you're done it's
like huh yeah I took that good hey it's
a life lesson any tasks anything that
you want to do this seems hard you start
with those very first steps those very
first few logs it's like I'll never be
able to stack all this wood and guess
what keep working you don't give up you
don't stop what happens what it's done
you get to worked in alright let's go
one on one hope time in the garage oh my
legs are sore slow down I did squats
yesterday with Carly
we only made it back are you so happy
these babies were champion
we seriously shot till we drop and we're
back and they have been good the whole
time
I'm so proud of you do I them french
fries hey friend rise yeah he's happy
cuz he got ear piece appearance huh wow
that's good over here with the knees we
haven't seen the need for a while
representing the trixin is so such
occasion alright Jackson it's time to
say goodnight to Daddy say we miss your
daddy I miss your daddy my daddy we miss
you guys and we love you and see you
later
see you tomorrow I've been on Emmy and
Brock all day about getting their rooms
clean check this out so it's pretty
clean my interpretation of clean is
things off the floor so of course they
know that that's what I'm going for
so they get all their things off the
there's probably 30 cubic yards of kids
pillows plastic and playthings here on
this bed I have no idea how he plans on
going to sleep but he thought that was a
great idea just to get all the stuff off
the floor who did it I stuffed it under
my bed in my closet where did you stuff
your I can't figure out where to put
this crap but I got to get my room clean
stuff when you were growing up maybe do
it right now maybe you're doing it maybe
you're like watching the Shaytards logs
stuffing some crap under your bed or in
the closet where it doesn't go are you
doing that busted put it where it goes
oh snap you just got parented what
thanks for watching guys what that's a
good long vlog huh check it out I 5 up
top yes please if you're available to
watch some more videos click on that
feeling lucky button we have a pretty
sweet polished video of the trampoline a
bunch of tricks jump through hula hoops
kicking soccer balls I try to do a
handstand while Casey try to do a front
flip over me
that's a very nervous we'll just go
watch the video it I felt vulnerable if
you can think of the anyways okay click
on a video we appreciate you guys have a
great weekend
oh we uploaded so much
intent today there's a brand new like
4th of July Independence Day type video
on the tricks and YouTube channel brand
new podcast is up me and Gavin talking
about the book on the podcast when the
kids go to sleep then of course the
shaycarl channel with the polished
tramping pool tramping pool tramping
pool there you go that's the new verb
trampoline plus swimming pool equals
tramping pool click on the feeling lucky
button to come trample pooling with us
and if you are see what the Shaytards
has been doing every single day for the
last six years by members there also in
the video description below give us a
thumbs up no Josh yeah okay you know
what to do boss your Monday Jay charts
rewind tomorrow get ready it's awesome
