morning morning morning time at the
Shaytards we got a hey Amy and Dax you
got a dance we got shake it oh let head
best food in the world
water not what a man what man a lot of
man
well I'm Anna what yes what's up did
your brother get you dress and do your
hair let's see it
oh wait so handsome so crazy
show me your hair show me your hair you
like it huh do you like it
he's right answer to say yes yeah thanks
Gavin looks better than his hairs really
long so yeah it's getting really really
really long
you're like a mop head baby are you a
mop head baby
yeah well I'm trying to get the kitchen
clean Gavin took the baby and got him
all dressed and changed his diaper with
it poopy oh sorry
Gavin is a champion what 11 year old
brother will change their baby's poopy
diapers without even being asked that's
sweet or little brother's not babies
people and I have a baby what oh yeah
looks good - did you do your hair I
wanna kick - Jill oh you want jail we'll
go get some change
yeah Jill yeah dad I'll let you use this
jail
you look great buddy looks great let me
see it let me see it he smashes it back
down I like it he saw hands did your
brother change your poopy diaper
hey you need to say thank you to him
day Thank You Gavin thank you Cap'n
that is really nice of him you need to
realize how rare that is 11 year old boy
that'll change a poopy brothers night
for her like imma go tell em thanks
morning morning morning time
at Shaytards we got a hey Amy and Dax we
got it - we got shake it oh let and best
food in the world water man
what a man Tim's outside we're gonna go
work out I love you I love you I'll be
back in an hour to collect leave into
California today which means I got a
house full of kids get your hands out of
your pants
pervert all right bye love you see in an
hour
yes come on let's go pump some iron all
right so me and Tim Eadie Gaynor taking
the motorcycles down to the gym I was
like last year whoops like hand signs
you there flipping people off that's
rude I thought Canadians were polite by
gab you can plant some hoops yeah okay
we're headed down to the gym we'll see a
little bit love you me and Gavin are
writing a book how tell how we're doing
our water jug challenge yeah we day five
today or four I don't know because we
have like an odd number minute I think
silly stole the gallon but we have done
good we have not missed a day we've both
done either four or five days I can
remember how long it's been but I'm
feeling a huge difference you're looking
slim dude gonna be looking great when
you hit the sixth grade middle school
ladies watch out gets more guns on the
swimming pool look who is mr. worker out
here
the Blake gets work done
how come you got a shovel full of dirt
on your head you dumped it on your head
on accident well you're a good worker
dude you leveling it out we're trying to
get the ground level and Brock's a good
helper it's a dirty hot dusty working
mess out here we're on the farm again
stuff done this is exactly the reason I
wanted to move back to Idaho got a boy
you got to know how to work and work
hard this is like The Karate Kid moment
Brock this is your paint the fence
moment this is your wax the car moment
this is your thunder flop moment okay
this will build a base a foundation of
labor in your soul to serve you well for
the rest of your life my friend work
will work when nothing else will work we
listen you'll you'll hear all this later
you'll appreciate it then all right so
the girls just got back from day camp
where they taught them to build
rudimentary weapons of war we're gonna
throw some fireballs over the castle
wall with this lupus huh answer for
yourself rocks and marshmallows at your
yo Emmie Butler we found your device
what have you built here Watchers you're
shooting great with each other and like
you pumped about our intruder great I
don't dig it and they just like shot
really harsh ooting rubber bands don't
great huh all right
building catapults is coalition you
should get Danny to build a giant one of
those in the backyard we could throw you
guys into the pool with it catching
those dreams screen and kinda wasting
Heights hi
- dream dream dream dream out of what
ads papers
well rocket the rocket you'll get one
hey let's do let's go the rocker mom I
want her oh well that's cool let me see
that in --see the rocket that you'll go
to boys camp dude you go to scout camp
you'll build all kinds of cool stuff K
what is stuck before that don't worry
yeah we'll build your oh why that sure
is a cute sight to see
Oh your block look here plug it yep I
got it thought that's what happens and
that's how we make our videos
wait sudden kill ha man here film this
we just do it she already look yeah I'm
excited because these guys are cute
they were doing aren't there shoes I
shot BB guns and archery at girls camp
they or whatever yeah they were doing
all the Scout stuff it's fun I'm glad
all right it's time to put the catapult
to use lupus is about to launch a pop or
let's see it Oh dad
oh that looks like a good letter e when
they try again ready just go but pops
will you do it works the popcorn
catapult works that means in theory we
can make it we're gonna do we're gonna
build a I'll do it to you
hey guys he's ready after watch yeah I'm
gonna win maybe this is our first it's a
good time eating a wave I grabbed it
oh he's a carnivore like me good like
that spicy oh that's fun
there you guys are I left the camera up
here in the studio because me and Gavin
were shooting a podcast we focused yes
we've got the pool up you guys I'm so
pumped we shot a bunch of us swimming in
the pool jumping off the trampoline into
the swimming pool it's going to be a
shaycarl video on my shaycarl channel we
got the helicopter the quadcopter blade
got the GoPros out and the DSLR and we
put together I think a pretty fun video
I was throwing a via doing backflips
into the pool but I didn't vlog any of
it because I left my camera in here
while me and Gavin were doing a podcast
son of a monkey less uncle but Friday
you will see the shaycarl channel the
trampoline video anyway so the
trampoline I mean come on let's go I'll
show you tell you right now there's no
swim pool
behold the scene of the crime
alright check it out we got a pretty
level way to drop that side down but
it's fairly level now we actually did
plan it was cold that was actually one
of the hardest parts of going multiple
times is that every time you jumped in
it was like whoa but I think it's gonna
warm up sitting out here in the Sun yeah
we were doing front handsprings and
you'll see it's cool Colette and Daxton
headed to Los Angeles so it's just me
and the other four kids until Saturday I
think so I'm sure there'll be plenty of
us swimming in the pool footage over the
next couple days
here come the champions a via and Gavin
just ran up and down the giant hill 11
times 11 times where'd your ladybug go
ladybug boy
it keeps opening up by itself and then
when I do this lip fuzz Brooke loves
insects so we got him this watch where
instead of him like suffocating them in
his hands he can put it how do you open
that he can put them in this little jar
and then he can look at him bite it Oh
duh
okay you slide it I was trying to do the
other way anyways that way he can look
at with his bugs and hang out with his
bugs and not kill him
not cool alright here we are again
say hi everyone ladies and gentleman on
behalf of done subscribe to our global
road and please my hands death belly and
that's maybe many I'm just headed to
shoot the Marley's lesson structure
touch each other at the aircraft there
is a little little bone making pictures
of doing it again and just like that
were in LA again we need to be cute now
huh
I love having the LA hanging out with
you oh you could watch mine all weekend
these guys are being so cute yeah you
are being so cute our flight was delayed
a bit so we did have some trauma in the
airport but we are here now
we met some cool people on the plane and
now we're just so cute like a big fat
belly you guys want a brownie sure good
idea what I think out the girls any we
watch youtube videos and eat brownies
Keitha Google YouTube funny animals look
at Winston and dice and they're so
interested I'm just ready to collect in
case let me try to trick us and there's
something you know I know like oh yeah
just I do that oh yeah that's amazing oh
this is amazing I was like so proud of
myself of it I don't like my first try
right at the Inner Sphere I got
one time yeah did you film it take it
you little boy laughs yeah uh I like a
brownie I am so excited for you guys to
see the swimming-pool video tomorrow on
the shaycarl channel we got a lot of
cool content going up tomorrow on the
podcast Channel when the kids go to
sleep Gavin and I talk about the book
we're writing in depth on the podcast so
you can listen to that on iTunes or you
can watch it on our YouTube channel but
it's gonna be great and then Colette is
in Los Angeles with the ladies and it's
me and the kids here so she'll be back
in a few days we love you I'm sure me
and the other kids are getting some
trouble in fact we already did
you'll have to watch tomorrow ah just
kidding I don't think we got any trouble
yet did we I'm sure we will
you'll have to this way it's okay click
on a video thanks for watching we love
you guys back
