what's up give me my friends and I
wanted I wanted I want yes let me good
for you
we're not gonna get our security deposit
back on this rental now all right you
guys we have been waiting we planned
this prize prize this president birthday
for quite a while yesterday he said that
he wanted it I was so excited that we
got it for Marty okay we're gonna
surprise him well I don't think he
surprised I think he knows something
already but okay well we're gonna wait
till Father's David now over there falls
now I'm going out of town so I don't
want to wait that's what gonna be too
long of a wait all right what is it it's
in the trailer you'll regret it hold on
yeah yes
you are know the funniest things what is
it we had this plan for a couple weeks
now I'm so bad at spa hey and yesterday
you go I see you guys like the yaks I
was telling to him I'm like do I need to
rebuild my motorcycle for me all right
Wow watch out watch out run over any
kids yet there's Jeffy
it looks nice right at first guys green
Batman or some that's all right time to
go for ride on Father's Day you ready
for this I know I should probably water
cycle all right here we go
there it is
all right guys he's my dad something in
what No yeah should I do it it's only
Father's Day ones yeah really close okay
it's deeper this it's really cool hey
Carl while you're in your underwear so
that's exciting first of all I'm not
gonna zoom in too close
can you breathe cute but frog daddy's
crazy on Father's Day huh it's the happy
Father's Day happy Father's Day daddy
it's like I just got dressed and I look
hi hey guys I was naked a minute ago
what's up what are you guys doing yeah
so it turns out that the gang of
motorcycle errs who showed up I hope
it's after I was half naked we're a
bunch of Chatard viewers it was great to
meet you guys
awkward I'm just doing skinny-dipping
what do you see you see a big butterfly
oh there it goes look how clear this
water is so crisp
Avia have a good time lupus where you
going
there's a cabin up here we're gonna go
check out there's the kids don't drop
that baby in the weeds bro Daxton I love
you babe I'm having a good Father's Day
okay let's go you just want to see me
naked that's the truth in it happy
Father's Day boy look at these wonderful
fathers he made that one he made you
I don't think he's really sleepy but I
am it's disrespecting the brand without
dirty that is oh it's just showing what
the brand can do really her name it's
not disrespect on the trail happy
Father's Day you reading dinner are you
having a good relaxing day grandma
thought it was afraid of mom she's
really hungry I like when we get to go
out all right buddy let's see you cast
that thing that was an aggressive cast
around pause setting up the lines doing
some fishing Brock you having a good
time fun
you're doing good casts all right let's
see that cast get it as far as you can
okay push the button get a big window
do it again you gotta let go of the
button dude like good that was a great
cast okay reel it in nice cast labia
hey flava flav eeeh great cast
alright look good you look really cute
boy yeah we're dining us
did I catch your fish yeah he's gonna
learn the hard way you drill it
catch him fishes
mr. button throw it right will you like
all the button go that's good oh good
whoa that code now that's your lure bro
that's the little fish on the end of
your line that's what you want the big
fish to bite look see that's a little
fish that has focus on fish Sean Lowe
bear oh yeah there she is there she is
oh yeah it's dead did you catch this
 would you go put it on
no I kind of caught it that's size 11
dude you get down you take a picture
don't you barely do a push-up baby River
push-ups do it
that's a good job dude
hey get your lure and Mees lure got
stucked she's going out to try to
unstuck it and I'm holding there pulled
for her that's how you do you gotta get
it unstuck now your pants are getting
wet oh there's an alligator right there
watch out you're almost there
go is it too far gavel you go get it
I'm here your big your big brother will
come get it for you go help your sister
give you know follow the line out there
to the lure ya brought the old cast
right here bro
Oh cold hey Brock if you want to cast
you to walk down there a little ways k
there's too many people right here and
you're a rookie with that thing you're
gonna whip somebody in the eye box
all right here we go can you get a gap
see it while you're out there hook it on
into a fish's mouth find a fish and make
them eat that Dax is that fun thanks
buddy
appreciate it Jackson you gonna get in
you're freezing dude Oh stubborn body
hey blondie oh there we go
you called yeah yeah yeah that is
freezin hey get him a towel oh you give
me a shirt what a nice brother here
there you go there you go
Annoying Orange to the rescue you guys
are good siblings
hey thanks big brother Gavin see thanks
Gavin thanks Gavin boys and girls
ladies and gentlemen people of all ages
we're up here doing a Tampin let's go
around the cyclone
yeah
oh yeah I gotta bucks
yeah
listen to the ambience beautiful nature
bomb beyond what is that thing it's
called a tree they know in the forest
it's floating in the air see that white
plats of bird birds float in the air oh
yeah no it's a fishing line coming from
off of that so when airplanes are flying
they know that's a marshmallow hanging
off of a fishing line username rod we're
camping I like it did you have fun did
you have fun on the rise yeah did you
guys think that was exciting yes ma'am
we'll go again you know who liked it the
most yeah Logan's trying to get a sweet
Instagram yeah I mean good for you
we're not gonna get our security deposit
back on this rental now they'd be like
this smells like a meal oof has been
farting in this machine
every nope it's been fart in this
machine I think somebody pride cast
they're lying out to catch a fish and it
went over the power line and now the DF
through the bathroom Emmy that's great
news
case you go back to the cabin it's crazy
kids that's a spot watch Logan in his
natural environment as he finds an
artistic picture to post on social media
what about the ambiance
quit scaring the sisters Oh do we got
coming up the path on the trestle bridge
hey little monster what are you doing
there's so many mosquitoes on this road
hey young fun it's pretty yeah we got a
river okay here we are back at camp and
somehow we've arranged that we have
poppets would you say Amen sister her
innovators all right Gavin's throwing a
pop it against Logan's back okay guys
ready
I don't think monster knew you're too
far away don't listen to him he's like
oh I'm not too bad not too bad move your
head whoa dude a bird a giant thing on
your back
that's a mole okay let's try it all
right I guess the deal is a deal
here comes okay guys get ready
Oh nope you only got one throw you said
good job you get to throw another one of
you then let Dad do it it's Father's Day
yeah Jordan here and try to land it in
your mouth oh good more firewood chuck
it on here we need some more of that
stone fire Father's Day present thanks
babe time to open it they're throwing
puppets at each other's back ravely the
present leave the presidency
there's smoke why are you throwing stuff
at me bro didn't sign up for this pop
it's war dude what's with all these
presents you guys already got me a
motorcycle give all mine to Grandpa hey
Dax you can make us more yeah happy
Father's Day
it's a great day thanks buddy this for
me okay let's see grandpa I got one too
which one do I open first dad okay ready
dad you should go simultaneously okay
now open okay now keep in mind if you
don't like them or they don't fit in
anyway we'll take them out the guy in
the stores that the boots fit way
different so if you're like a ten and a
half and that means you're a nine and a
half in boots see that's what I said I'm
like are you sure he's like I'm sure
we're having a hard time finding your
size in that blue I love them oh good
Mia Naevia we're right then I like the
blue tune we just couldn't find his
right size no no no all the kids kind of
know your style do you like them they
look good
I hope mines a white hat because I'm the
good guy
well I didn't know seven and a quarter
that's a seven in the corner no I got
you guys both seven half he needs like
you do that's why I got you the black
let's go let's go on a cowboy run and go
get you some new hat yeah that's what I
was thinking what was happening over
there dirty jokes he when he got off the
airport when he was coming home from
Texas he lived in Texas for quite a
while he was all dressed up like a
cowboy and he's so handsome hanging on
those pictures
mahalo gross I mean no more candy
I think that was in my 11 years eleven
twelve years of being a dad probably the
very best Father's Day I have ever had
it was action-packed got one of the
coolest presents I've ever received
probably in almost my entire life I love
that motorcycle I will wear a helmet all
the time I promise
um but it was such a great day I'm
hanging out with my dad and being with
my kids and my mom and my family and
that's what it's all about that's what
it is to me to live just to just be with
them anyways love you guys thanks for
watching check out yesterday's well
click on that feeling lucky but you know
how this works
this is the Shaytards end slate you can
click on eight more videos you can
subscribe you can just look at our happy
faces but please whatever you do thumbs
up this video it means a lot to us I
read those comments man I'll be reading
them I learned how to read so I've been
practicing by reading your comments so
leave some nice comments we appreciate
those alright we'll see tomorrow having
a great summer let me by oh if you're
still asleep Shaytards beach towels are
available at shop girl I'll leave a link
below but yeah I was so I was editing
this and DACs it's like frizzy they like
to have a towel and make your shop just
sent us like five towels but we forgot
to bring them cuz weren't sillies but
anyways leak Bluff here's what I'm gonna
show you towards beach tile love you
guys see you tomorrow bye
