lucky charm fell into the arms of a
Flyway Flyway plane the sunrise fell
into the eyes of a wide awake wide awake
man are you excited
pretty exciting things happening today
alright so I'm really excited it's it's
a very exciting feeling you ready
baby see you you gave it away where is
hiding honey come Teeter with me not
even near as good as mine hot shit
teeters my totter
that'll get views poor girl she's out
we've been sitting here commenting for
the last 45 minutes and finally she
couldn't handle any more she just
collapsed we heard there might be some
learning how to ride a bike going on out
here oh look you guys do you remember we
first bought you that bike you're like
dad I'm afraid to learn how to do
without training wheels right huh
you remember what I tell you I did I
said you'll get good at it one day trust
me and look at you cruising along like
your Lance frickin Armstrong let me get
your princess card let me get you do
that
what's up dude what you suck I was naked
what did you say to him why don't you
say do put some clothes on I didn't talk
to me about a few of your feelings right
now
well what do you think yeah centaur
no POTUS yeah no weed is not in my
garden is it that plants fault that it's
that think about that poor plant growing
in the ground every sane it's bad you
never did nothing to nobody
it's just when you smoke it when you
light it on fire and put it in your
lungs that's when it's bad that is so
precious look he's looking at you do you
love him
what are you doing you have two official
jobs around here
cleanup Malachi's poop and burp the baby
nerf guns we got an epod on show me that
one fridge the start
that's a superstar shake that's the
superstar shake hey you guys you're
watching she turns one you're living a
shakers log right now you say Jaime in
ten years I think you just got a shout
out a via from yourself
whoa that was an intense there's their
bed and you show us your closet I got a
pretty cool closet it's like a
cedar-lined closet and they got all
their junk in here and their shelves and
their toys oh okay well sorry to intrude
on you what's that beautiful how's it
going
I do like your ears gosht she does like
easier scratching that's nice huh daddy
Oh baby oh that's the spot right there
oh here I got a one Malakai horsepower
this baby
boy feel guilty because I'm supposed to
be getting exercise this is just so much
funner CrossFit hashtag cross yet let's
talk about CrossFit I'm gonna show you
my Burpee WOD guys ready guys I'm
feeling good and fill those endorphins
hopin my legs are sore I can tell it's
gonna be hard because my legs are so I
just gotta stretch really good but I
went seven miles I can't believe it I'm
excited I really think I can do this
maybe go get our surfboards gab boogie
boards yeah hey love ya this is how I
edited it I wanted these black lines on
my video
I'd make out no I want it no no no oh
you're gonna sit on that thing all day
till you burden that extra owner you
better go you're about to vault the back
of it baby tarts doing a good job that's
pretty cute little feet I love it high
five Wow somebody's pushing the cart by
himself a little help steering there
buddy we gotta go get dad's favorites
all set this is shopping with it almost
two year old okay sometime it's not for
tummy time now start crawling your older
brothers son Tyler was calling at seven
and a half months thanks for the hammock
babe hey that's funny huh okay kids now
listen you we got this new trailer
thingy you have to wear your helmets
okay
now also whenever you buy a new trailer
thingy you have to get inside the box
it's just one of the rules okay princess
art come here please
okay just get down get down
get out please thank you now we're gonna
close the box
Hey stepped on all of our feet you know
that is mami tarde
that's PDP you know PDP stands for
pretty darn precious it's pretty darn
precious right there a lot of what a PDP
going on up in here there's some old
vlogs that I've watched that I don't
remember you know there's been so many
days like you don't remember every
single day for the last four years of
your life but I can go watch a video of
me but I don't remember that day but
it's like there I am so I know I lived
it because I'm watching it where you I
swear
where you are where I feel awakened
where you are is where I wanna stay this
heart is where you learn this heart is
where you love
