okay I'm gonna steal my 78 no it's 57
she has her mamas use romaine adder
alright we've got the kiddies in the car
focus or fighting a little bit in the
kennel
so dachshund keeps telling them to be
nice kitty say be nice right we've got
the baby and the kiddies in the car we
have James and peaches and they're going
to the doctor and little Jackson he's
concerned because they're whining and
crying and they're pissing at each other
a little bit and so he's telling them
being nice and be nice kitties that's
what you said yes so cute
Katie daddy hey James be nice yeah no ok
I don't know if I'd put my finger in
there he's kind of ornery this morning
cancer a little bit nervous they don't
really know what we're doing because we
don't normally go on car rides with them
but we're taking him to the doctor
then we're gonna go to CrossFit kynzie
go to hospitai the kiddies are gonna
hang out here for the day ah all right
tell him you can come out now
say it's okay James is a little nervous
he's like what the what no what are we
doing here
this is exploring world yeah that's too
much you made peaches you just gonna
make like me how how can we can just get
anywhere they can jump anywhere he
weighed 7 pounds about so he got out
here's a little bit leave your the
wittily thing huh no let it know it's
time you can do mountain oh hey come on
come on James he's probably not coming
out because you're standing right
come on James you want to play with my
motorcycle getting a little better now
you're brave cat you're bigger than you
buddy okay I'm going to do my 78 no it's
57 pounds oh this is amazing
oh he's done yeah yeah
hey daddy how much do you weigh 321 hi
James just got back at the kennel did
you get scared
it's okay okay I didn't think he'd get
back in that kennel he didn't really
have a great ride over it till take
James
it took taking me good boy well
somebody's pushing the cart by himself a
little help steering there buddy we
gotta go get dad's favorites all set
this is shopping with a almost
two-year-old why you're gonna run into
someone box Gary get kicked out of here
baby on the lost baby on the lose maybe
on the loose with a giant carton
can you get that for daddy get it for
dad he likes that song honey
okay ready then
oh good yeah high five high five good
job that's all we need just one just one
let's go find something else we can put
in the cart it looks like we're getting
eight bottles of salsa are you guys
doing
Cuban Cage he's engaged in the store I'm
gonna have to leave you here forever oh
you are very helpful thank you so much
for taking care of him keeping him
entertained avoiding fit
oh yeah your fifth or no well that was
sure a challenging trip this little guy
is getting to the age where he is not
fun to take shopping but you're so cool
the same time are you so cool dude
thumbs up
Joe's thumbs up I will yeah yeah good
try
look put these hands in put these hands
in and put this thumb up thumbs up
thumbs up yeah he's got his own thumbs
up hey they ended up thanks for being so
helpful you're very helpful today you on
the other hand we're not but you're cute
oh dude Oh get ours are all right guys
swimming pool update we took it down we
got we didn't do it right if you watch
the new when the kids go to sleep
podcast you heard me talk about how we
were hasty anyways there's old Danny Boy
we're leveling it the proper way instead
of just taking 35 minutes
we've got the skid-steer out here we got
the leveler we're going to get this
thing as level as possible so the water
is even hi Danny
got the old steamroller out hon Danny
Boy this old machine every time I see
you you got a new tool what come here
let's see that rock-and-roll hat turn it
around
what rock card plays for the New York
Yankees where'd you get that hat boy you
don't know you don't remember a good
friend of ours gave it to you his name's
Jackson Jackson Jackson who Jackson
Harrison Ford thanks Jackson Harrison
Ford we loved you in Star Wars and that
go crazy music video you did all great
work
Jackson Harris gave that to you what are
you doing huh get Oh Michael these
questions me yeah we see this isn't a
branded Spock out of here boy
anyways we're building a swimming pool
let's see if this is flat Danny I'm
gonna get my level out here and if that
bubble ain't right in the middle of them
to live boy you were trouble yeah one
project at a time so I like to start
some and start others simultaneously
shut up Danny you need to start getting
some projects done and keep up with my
new ideas as I have them that's
impossible
we gotta go do we're going to Cooper's
football game I wanna go to Cooper's
football game
it's your base no it's a it's a football
football season no be baseball's over
it's time for football you gotta be on
your sports bro come on we will have
pool footage I know you're just been
wanting it dan dan they've been warned
the pool footage even pulled footage now
we had to do it well to take it away way
to take the pool footage away anyways we
put all the water back on the grass the
lawn got really nicely watered so I'm
pumped about that
yo get those seat belts on hey blue eyes
get your seat belt on safety first in
all situations dachshund Butler I'm
speaking to you yes you blue eyes
dachshund Butler little mmmm you Joe
there's our grapes in there still yeah
oh there is ha you put it in there Rock
you crazy monkey luck Daxton where how'd
you get him in oh look that's wrong look
hey Dad I was saving that why are you
exposing my grape I just eat it now
there's another one
Brock put grapes and axton's belly thing
okay there you go
hidden grape number two look for the
baby now gonna strap it up can you put
it can you put it up
I mean strap it up can you say put that
grape in your mouth no come out go help
that boy strap that seatbelt your
paracord bracelet where'd you get that
from Richard Ryan uh I actually found it
in a box in the garage with my
scriptures and a bunch of it Jesus sent
it to you you're gonna have to use that
bracelet to save somebody's life maybe
you're um
alright I'm making crap up let's go
alright look at Doc's another he's
trying to keep up with all those right
whoa nice catch can little Daleks and he
just cracks me up we just got done
watching Cooper's football game he did a
great job team doctor city's like I got
a guy the course crux out there in this
count with us
so summertime is all about football
catching and cousins
over there being a good dad to see what
he's doing
wherever the ball is imagine there's an
imaginary line that you have to be
behind you when he hikes it then you can
go got it nothing
yeah ready right 98 you're under it OPI
basket appearance blue shorts super
Colonel 15 yards kick to the face why is
that still very high Cooper's up next hi
kit ready no gauge hiked it need your
receiver get over it damn line of
scrimmage Cooper there I love the
doctors just taking this all in dude
listen let's go over something do not
hike the ball until I say Hut and I'm
gonna say a lot of other things
haha don't hike it I say huh red 98 blue
I do
damn all three huh that was a lazy pass
come on
you got poked in the face to Cooper he
gets go get red honey blue to set huh
are you going long get it yeah yeah good
arm did you get our meows perfect spiral
perfect placement right on the sidelines
let him go yeah yeah
you catch get to go again let's go get
on defense say great Rao put it oh good
ah I mean you got to run through the
route you got to run through the route
come on now you get to run on you and
touch it okay down ready Rayden and a
hook oh you read the route wrong hi
I read the route on
doctor want you to throw it to him
Rena Daxton go run well lose here
Jackson with the ball and then I all
throwed axes you guys K you're catching
a good idea yeah great
I'm not really thrilled about the same
air right there I never dropped baby yet
yeah I dropped one single baby yet I
never done one single baby my entire
life keep those legs in what's about
that saving to this cowboy boots Oh
send up ready send it straight nice oh
that's right
that's really good I'm not lifting
everybody up come on steady sir hmm
ready yes you can just say you can
like that one here guys come on
there's how I'm using a catch okay put
the light on the put the ball in the
line of scrimmage listen up Mikan he
runs straight out and you want to look
like you're running as fast as you can
and you want to run as fast you can
straight but then on somebody's stop on
a dime just stop I turn right around
really fast come straight back
hey that's it that's a break ready break
down the kind of person yeah here we go
one turn hey here you got the plan okay
guys you ready guard Hemme sit Hut don't
belong belong belong belong that's
really long that's exactly what you said
to do right away she has her mama
shoulders which I would Jo
whoa yeah you went out far you a little
bit more cause what Carly watched me an
atheist trick
hey we sigh guys I'm here doing
backflips and we thought we could show
you our trip check this out Avia five
six seven eight and go wait wait wait
what is it go be careful so nice vegan
I'm Carly let's see you do this this is
illegal in college what our guys did it
and that's what goddesses oh you to come
to it yeah why not no wonder this time
cut cut I have a challenge for mr. Gavin
Butler he has to try to catch a pass
well his aunt Carly is defending him
come play defense your DB Broncos team
Bronco hike ball Carly guard Gavin you
roll in early if he catches his pass
you're going down down hey but master
get it all you jump too soon
one more time get open dude
she sounds his girl she's fast right hey
get it yeah nice guy are you gonna let
eleven-year-old get out in front of you
like that
Carly come on get your head in the game
aim oh you miss never turn the camera
off when Carly's running at your eyes I
saw her running right when I said pause
you tickling him Brock yeah get him get
it why do you look so big the best of
buddies all right now we're doing some
actual important stuff like hanging out
with these guys when it comes to picking
a good watermelon it's hard to always
see how that it is soft to me usually
the bigger the better so whatever is the
biggest melons I like to grab those one
time sense and me Gavin are working on
something else too okay okay are you
ready for this all right so you guys
know that we've done a lot of like
challenge type things over the years
for instance Gavin just did a year of no
sugar killed it did amazing me and him a
write in a book right now and we're
doing all types of things to help
ourselves be healthier and we've
discussed our bodies being 70% water
isn't that crazy
your body your quick equip is made up of
70% of the Agua water and so we figured
we should drink more of it so don't be
like Shane you and I if you drink too
much yeah I know you can die of anything
too much of anyways here's what we're
gonna do Gavin and I have agreed made a
pact if you will we are gonna make a
goal to drink a gallon of water a day
for one week straight seven days
do the math that's seven gallons of
water so we need to buy how many 14
gallons of water hold this well I start
chucking gallons of water at your face
ready go do you think I could juggle
three gallons of this oh okay we're
getting sport-tuned gallons of water
we're gonna each of us gonna drink one
gallon a day
okay okay gallon are we ready yes let's
do this okay so I grab this water one
two three four five six seven eight nine
10 11 12 13 14 gallons of water all
right we can drink all that let's try it
one gallon a day and since we're doing
no sugar this is like our sprite heaven
period this we're really thirsty I'm
dehydrated you guys stay hydrated your
body is made of 70% water did you know
that that's why we drink these things
when you have 14 gallons of water in
your card it's really easy to stop go up
come on seriously sing it with me Gavin
14 gallons of water poured a gallon big
wall all right we'll get your butt over
here and load it in the car
speaking of butt heads there's one high
loaded in our hydration for the next
week I'm excited
three
ha
I want my kids whoa
for the
