right I'm vlogging here corny
korzy k0z - good morning guys something
bad but he's there what there was there
he's dead from whose little toes ISA
dose once that's enslaving he was scared
last night so he slept in our bed we're
going running cuz we're chubby that's
what you do when you're chubby you
exercise okay good good good
ready chubby let's go D chub chub
Meister job space D Jeff Mike hi guys
good morning we're about to exercise and
make our lives battle what are you guys
doing yeah typical hall typical early
morning going to school
hey you where the tricks and shirt cool
repping the family brand we have jelly
on your head
okay you guys very special treat for you
this morning I don't usually do this but
since it's Tuesday I think I will we
have a very sexual game of hot potato
juggling with the gloves on there I have
worms they're not that's the fun of
making pink it was hot so I raised the
level of hardness that was good why is
it yes you're so good at that look a
curtsy even get a crick that how toes
pointed Hey
not that side this is a shaycarl
serenade morning said long and go live
little juggling boy you're not bullshit
a little juggling boy and Ida
you're my little juggling boy work now
come on you ready okay so we are gonna
run a half-marathon January it's not
gonna be easy
got a train every day we're doing kind
of girl we're just doing one mile this
morning it's like 7:00 a.m. we said
let's just do one mile let's go run one
mile on the treadmill was the hard well
but guarantee you the rest today will be
better because of it oh hey okay we just
did a podcast and it workout and can we
do along it pin it didn't vlog any of it
you know better dried bananas either
awesome they're really good
hey and you guys been seen the new Union
designs at tricks and calm
shout out to Tyler cool hat there's a
new hat says stay focused it's really
things so I've been cleaning out the car
today and it was a disaster what's one
of those I'm not even going to show you
because it's embarrassing it's
embarrassing you know cleaning up after
yourself is a learned habit you have to
teach yourself or you have to train your
kids and we don't quite have it down we
don't but working on it setting some new
rules working on getting our house in
order
car in order the dog in order are you an
order Zeke come on
get yourself together get your life
together blondie
together I know I know my judging I'm
just saying it will help you out if you
can get your life together it'll help
you out okay back to cleaning I'm
cleaning the car I'm not going to show
you you don't get to see I'm just gonna
let you know that's what I'm doing
that's why I don't always vlog guys I'm
trying to clean the house and I don't
want to show you gosh you can see it
when it's clean what am I kidding you
guys have seen it I've longed it I've
log in it you guys see it it's a mess
but I'm working on it okay
okay bye bye the car is clean and I've
been told there's a really cool move I
need to see yeah I'm ready are you guys
ready that is good I like the attention
to detail you got wild and crazy without
touching the roof yeah I like it
the roof is still clean guys take oh you
just did I'm guys okay be in the car
clean I'm not you guys want you to be
high score yeah look at this shower head
it's a mecca mama okay it's time to go
okay grocery what you're holding the
door oh the super powers were holding
the door lucky we made it in I'm really
glad about a lot Daxton this is not on
the list we have a list but way Lisa's
not only my gosh Cheers
Oh nope love you list in the car you
know what I got a mind yeah but these
are pretty good ones that I put on well
you got a mine too and I'll probably
just
anyway yeah I'll probably just say no
it's all sugar what oh it's a running
dinosaur my goodness he's running
ridiculous okay let's get our stuff okay
but we can't eat that and we need dinner
so okay look at your brother I mean our
mouths behind you guys guess what today
might be the day we're gonna say goodbye
to those beautiful bit long and I'm
gonna corner festive you are I don't
know I'm scared to kiss say goodbye to
the golden log of course we would have
clearly do it but I don't know it's a
little bittersweet I loved his long hair
but I think it's time time for his first
real haircut all right we just got back
from the store and I did make really one
naughty purchase so every year when
these come out I have to buy them this
isn't a brand oh I just love them okay
I'm sorry honey sabotaging our running I
had to get them it smells delicious once
again delicious once again delicious
delicious dog on a spaghetti night in
the Shaytards house a V are you excited
he loves spaghetti night it's her
favorite night where's gabon Oh get a
haircut
oh is Kaylee cutting his hair right I
should go up there and get a shot I
might let up they're gonna have to eat
but then she has other sub has to do so
without her I bet they're vlogging it
well she found some basket box an
awesome check out the new Atlantic
Pacific Union line at tricks and
dot-coms usually be naked
why does he want to get a haircut he's
been excited to get a haircut I think he
likes it or what hi anyway beautiful
it's annoying when your hair's giving
your eyes huh I have an idea I'm gonna
text KC I'm gonna voice text KC KC
levere I'm voice texting you while I'm
vlogging will you please get a shot on
your iPhone of Gavin getting this
haircut for the vlog please let us know
we're excited to see if we're gonna get
to see a clip of Gavin getting his hair
cut kay bye toast toast get out of there
we'll see if Katie texts back oh dude
nice golden-brown
that looks good it smells good too right
when you open that oven it was like oh
well not always
I often time for annotating for some of
them yeah that's that's rude is that
rude or just accurate it disappear I
know nothing I said I love you out on
pitch
alright I'm mixing the Caesar salad mix
of the Caesars that Amy got me the
croutons you guys oh oh oh I just got a
text message from Casey oh snap look at
that rat tail that rat tail is coming in
strong blue that rat tail guys I think
he might have sent a video to let's see
oh okay cut to Casey's clip ready cut
this guy I just like I get stuck cutting
all these rat towels and I don't even
know really reason for how to cut our
proper rat tail or what it should look
like don't worry
Thank You mm it's gonna appreciate that
to be honest I'm like let's just cut the
restrooms oh it's curly
so now Gavin Cooper gage Rock I'll have
rat tails
you're next ow you're next - Oh getting
rat tails well Jackson do you want a rat
tail you do
Jackson you wanna Rossdale Jackson would
have a huge rat tail yeah Macho Man
Randy Savage chill out ah this is dinner
tonight
it tastes good I just say we look back
on the annals of the Shaytards
when one day we're all gone log on if
the aliens one day find the videos of
these things that we did here o'clock
vlogs they will notice how many diligent
delicious dinners that you delivered to
us darling
thanks aliens you know so good these
dogs I loved it
day I love to have alien recognition
you'll see are you any leadership you
talk about it forever you're great - let
me all right are you ready to say
goodbye to this right here all right all
right all right he's here
her do you like it I'm so happy got so
long my be honest you really like it you
can say no you're not it with Kasey Kahl
anymore I swear don't swear the collec
got and swore well let's see it in turn
around you really grown this wretch oh
do not bully him just because he has a
rat tail even though that's what I would
have done
Gavin how long you gonna go with this
rat tail is this a new thing until it
grows it mind of its own
turn around let's see oh wow business in
Front party and back hey turn around
let's see your rat tail rat tail this
one here Dax on you the next rat tail
spaghetti face I don't know that can do
on a rat tail
yeah it's lame huh how do you know oh
that's more my dinner I'm hungry it's so
good you want rat tail we got to lose
this rat tail doesn't matter your bag
give it to me I thought you're in a low
carb diet bro well did you tell Kaylee
thank you you did did you say that you
were grateful good was Casey what Casey
said he's anything funny but probably
not right why doesn't show me a video
was for eating a rat who okay
I mean me my rat tail
Oh
Kairat but not lobotomy is like too much
I'm full leave the rat tail good job
babe
okay we're gonna take you pretty soon do
you want to just do one more whip your
hair back and forth with your hair can
you show them how you do it maybe you
took some over here some way come on you
guys stop come over here we hang your
hat on
okay way even you got you got to sing it
okay sing it okay okay
Jackson will you sing it I can for hair
well I'm sure it won't be the last time
I'd ever long you guys I was a GoPro on
my head all the time
hey Jackson do you want to tell them how
much you weigh yeah how much you weigh
now that's how old you are remember what
you just told me in the bathroom how
many how much do you weigh
how many scents are you of course it can
never recreate it
you're the bathroom when I stood on the
scale and he goes um I sense I was
talking about your 59-cent yeah that's a
very cool get them off so you don't know
yeah no stay there
we're going to cut your hair I'm so
again - I'm excited
I mean it's actually very pretty right
now but he's always doing this because
yeah I realized you know what we can
always grow it out I guess grow it will
grow fast yeah okay I think yeah I don't
know no short just short what did you
want a rat tell me he keeps going back
and forth because I'm here cut nice is
no do you want a haircut I'm like both
now
wait you have to answer this question
though do you want a rat tail yeah they
love that okay now you're showing up
chase it up really tall I don't think
that I don't think I'm gonna we're gonna
do a rat tail guys not this time
intimated she's been going back and
forth on the rat tails so I'm just gonna
I'm gonna make the decision and then if
he still wants one we'll let it grow and
we'll do a rat tail so girl fast faster
than you'll want it to grow specially if
it's like Gavin's pick channel alright
so like right here yeah here we go
can you see if I tear cut in the hair
cut my goodness sake so cute let's do
you want me to show you all the hair
here look I'll show you this in my hand
I'm not what what do you think that's a
lot smile the sharp feet I love you duck
look at all this blonde hair he was
loving this look at all this blonde hair
coming on you're so blonde I remember
that as always always be blonde no
like it because he's like to keep like
flipping his hair on the ground again
there it is blonde all right what do you
see going to go look in the mirror
trying to go back oh look how handsome
you're such a handsome boy I like the
long look I'm not quite ready for you to
grow up I mean I think mercy I can see
it look at you I love that oh my oh it
just puts out like that oh say thank you
and Kayleigh go give her a big hug go
give her a big hug he's looking for
snacks already hey go get her
go give her a big hug oh thank you thank
you okay dad said one last time let's
see your hair for the end of the day my
god she's gorgeous man well that's sad
everybody happy day to you a lot of
haircut got a lot of kids I like your
outfit today B I forgot to tell you she
love the blue pants love the happiness
is a choice love the whole gallon of
milk on your head it's so stylish
icers wait what's that bar again you're
making ice ice cream in science with
like nitrogen or something oh nice cuz I
need to bring some ingredients i like
popping in looking at music
all right love you oh that's gonna play
you some can you guess what it is there
is I love it I love you guys all right
oh snap boom boom two days two days in a
row two vlogs in a row huh huh who's
killing it now des rise Chicago killing
it upload nin vlogs every day for the
last two days woo yeah thumbs up
okie-doke click on a link and we'll see
you tomorrow hopefully crash fingers
crossing crossing
