yeah what happened uh did he go outside
without you he did oh do you you want to
go outside - okay let's go
I love when Shay fixes things uh-huh
it's 7:30 8:00 in the morning it's time
to beat the horses when you bring your
horse he's a treat every morning they
always come running where's my cash
money good morning oh the hose
okey-dokey now who wants a treat because
I got a couple of them carrot they're
organic what's up stud muffin
you all know those bad boys we did this
that's fun to have in the morning that's
fun to have in the morning nice it is
cash money
Oh funny this guy look at this guy
okay let's see dusty see those teeth
look what I got we could hug those noses
I'm liable to lose a finger
you trying to bite me yeah what happened
ah
did he call inside without you he did oh
do you want you want to go outside -
okay let's go he was out here screaming
ba Rock huh where did he go yeah he went
outside I'm sorry okay
you want to cut tight ah hey
he was sad you guys left him inside it
was just me why are you talking about
yoga oh he was saying Brock he goes
Brock Brock still sleeping I just let's
go wake him up he probably just wants to
put a bra has he seen bra yeah maybe
that's it maybe he just needs a baby bra
yeah
can your let's go keep brushing Oh bless
you potential mixes knees huh good
alright happy summer morning it's a
beautiful day another glorious morning
CrossFit hashtag CrossFit let's talk
about CrossFit I'm gonna show you my
Burpee one guys ready here we go
morning who's that I'm gonna die today
guys really all right so I've made a
schedule this is our tentative summer
schedule for today whoo yes there's
things that you need to do that you're
responsible for
on the schedule it's okay it's going to
be okay okay this is our schedule for
today this is Gavin he's going to go
three miles
cuz him and dad are working out shower
guitar ten minutes clean your room bring
dirty laundry upstairs cleaning him
vacuum the pool table room and he'll get
two dollars and then he has a birthday
party so I didn't give him any more
chores because he's got a birthday party
then you know then you know the rest you
can read it if you want to read it well
I these two have a really really messy
room and I know it's going to take em a
while
so I didn't give them any other chores
than cleaning the room and if they
organize it really good they can earn a
little bit maybe a dollar or something
if you do a really great job okay just
go he wants you if I knew what do you
want
Oh like I just wanted to plug you I love
you oh boy he's like the little king of
the castle it's adorable I normally
don't pay the kids to clean their rooms
because I think that that's just a job
that they need to do and then they're
gonna get a little bit of commission for
doing other chores would next so Brock
I'm like can you give him a hug and
painted this Oh a nice hug good morning
Brock good are you ready to conquer this
summer day yeah with joy and happiness
and big steps you're cute I've been
reading Dave Ramsey's book that he wrote
with his daughter Rachel about raising
kids to be smart with money and so
that's kind of what inspired me to be
like okay we need to get on a schedule
need to get some jobs so the kids can
start learning a little bit more
about money and how to take care of it
because they're going to grow up and
leave and if they don't we don't teach
them now then they're not going to know
and they're gonna go into debt or do
something stupid so we got to teach them
right now guys teach your kids about
money that's one thing that's always
bothered me that they don't have more
classes in school about learning about
how to use money and debt and how all
those things work like we don't really
have classes like that in school but my
kids are going to know you are going to
know and you're going to be smart and
you have got a house or money well maybe
well a little bit but you're not going
to go into gas and waste your money okay
that's what happens at CrossFit you make
sweat angels
that's my sweat angel that's what my
sweaty body looks like laying on the
ground holy crap today was killer
oh yeah yummy he's eating so many eggs
this morning he's a hungry egg baby huh
look at that Jam face on I love it when
he starts to drink from a cup without
spilling you're doing so good actually
oh is that your hex above you got what
let's see it again I missed it oh my
goodness that thing's fast tickles like
vibration that's how it makes them move
so what were you guys talking about
oh so I was talking about hex about how
I really like him that never brought up
a bunch of stuff that I liked like it's
a breeze another yeah like the old like
beyblades are like beyblades Mighty
Beanz did you guys ever play with pogs I
remember playing with pogs or pong it's
just it's stupid is there just like
little chip like little plastic chips or
cardboard chips that like people
collected kind of like pokemon cards
right now those are so big now but pogs
were big when I was young and you could
like flip them I don't know weird
everybody would collect palm but I know
you all might have these two Mighty
Beanz yeah so like yeah they can just
google Mighty Beanz and nothing
really cool ones like they have faces
all never there's some that are really
big yeah yeah there's a lot of fun toys
out there guys what are some of your
favorite childhood toys
I love Barbies always have always will I
uh we use so hard
okay wait one it is time you like what I
can fish enjoy and destroy yeah that's
fine so and we use some man Babli it's
like two spinning tall um and Rehab the
yeah the beyblade yeah those are fun too
what about you what's your favorite toy
a thumb um a bone not yet you gotta have
toys alike you don't like any going Oh
an American Girl doll sort of the phone
and I was like yeah yeah what twice do
you like egg vase oh I love gigs oh me
oh my that's right you're gonna hear me
talking about the waterfall sixty times
a day look at that beautiful animal just
drinking from a mountain stream
my golly this is such a lucky
opportunity who put this all together
none other than doors or
he doesn't like it you only get the
Tison go diggin no you guys can't do
that anymore doors no no anyways water
falls back up and running looking
beautiful or bronzey pants go he was up
there checking it out let's zoom in look
at Bronx dude he's enjoying the
waterfall just laying down hey Bronx
how's that hot night yeah it's pretty
nice Jay watch out everyone it's a Power
Ranger oh oh oh you've got your mask on
upside down I'm not sure if you were
aware of that or maybe that's just a new
thing
hey it's so cute he loves maps I have a
feeling um he's gonna be wearing all of
Brock's new Mouse he got like three
spider-man masks it's gonna be fun
okay just start doing what you were
doing for what singing it with the plane
come on I'm trying to sing skip to my
Lou but we're starting it's hard needs
to be tuned I guess so Marcin
I was just starting guitar practice with
avi I was trying to do good good tune I
was trying to do the guitar and she got
out her American girl guitar and made me
laugh anyways I'm having a hard time
tuning this thing I think I'm too asleep
this morning do you like playing the
guitar my dad's been teaching them a
little bit of guitar just some basics
yeah that's a we uh hopefully we'll be
singing some songs for you guys
eventually yes yeah that sounds very now
if you are you need smaller fingers to
play that one alright we're back at the
podcast walking well waited driven Rick
a few things cuz we got tall chairs
today instead of really DBT short one
box and but our desk was too low so now
we're on boxes the desk is on Bachman I
love when che fixes things
uh-huh I fixed a works in my fall apart
but it's fixed for right now just
finished podcast just finished the
podcast with leaking all the people in
the room yeah is now on the car here
what no swimming pool footage
disappointment at - can you disappoint
me Shay hashtag I lost a lot of respect
for you today Shay Carl what's up you
promised us pool footage we want to see
you guys swimming in that pool I know
but you guys we were hasty we the pools
on level we're stupid I got anxious and
put it up and we didn't grade the
levelling the field properly and there's
like a two and a half foot difference
from where it's all the way full in one
corner to where it's two and a half feet
low in the other corner so Gavin's been
like splashing around in it but we're
gonna like after white right now we're
draining the pool into our grass we're
watering the grass and it takes even
twice as long to drain out as it does to
fill up so hopefully it'll be done
draining today we'll get it level and
then you guys will see some sweet
summertime Shaytards pool footage oh I
can't wait um anyways thanks for
watching guys check out yesterday's
vlogs man I feel like we've been pumping
out some good flogs yesterday's vlog was
a good one Monday's like 20-some minutes
thumbs them up we see them I look I
appreciate it you thumbs up a video it
makes a difference to me I check that
stuff I'm refreshing the feed all I got
20,000 thumbs up
that gives me reassure mint positive
courage that you want to see more of
these so when me and Colette by the way
check out the mystery video new podcast
we talked about this like how long are
we gonna do the Shaytards logs you know
I I want to do other things to be honest
for you guys but if they're doing well
I'll keep doing them I know that sounds
like if you guys want them then we'll
make them but it kind of really is how
it is because there's other projects
that I would like to do but I know that
these things are valuable I like doing
them I don't know it's like I'm addicted
to them - honestly it would be so hard
for me not to do the daily vlogs it
would just feel I don't know it's like
I've done it for so long
I feel this urge to do it anyways you
know I'm caring always listen with this
crap okay bye I'll see you tomorrow
click on a video give me kiss
