the water balloon fight going on yeah
come on have nots
that'll happen on some summer days move
through the water balloon Gavin I said
room I for a night you throwing nuts
you're doing so good right good honey
you heard there might be some learning
how to ride a bike going on out here
oh you guys getting like advice from
five different people turn this way
okay go cute thank you hey guys here
goes don't let go don't touch the ground
that's it that's like how come I don't
get it try it try it okay here we go
oh you're doing so good brat Wow good
honey
oh go good job guys really give me your
brother
Fonz I'll put me on the show you virt of
danger that's good driver okay here he
goes all the way that's blue go go go
all the way
good job Brad well you're going what oh
nice good job good job
pick it back up good here we go ready my
jacks oh oh oh
dogs get out of the way you lose another
leg Bronx with rock down slowly pedal
and turn and then you keep going to the
big circle Bernie's going so he's like
looking up with the best good job you're
getting better and better every step of
the way
bad line by line precept by precept
you're getting better
Emma loofas every lupus every day when
you're riding your bike you're getting
better
Lou anyway that's the face big yeah yeah
it's um facing in Emmy Lou oh he laughs
I got my son Tony I got my socks on
I got my baby baby baby baby song song
let's go Brock you got this that what
helps you learn right uh bike water
balloon fights okay you've dried by here
and I'll throw water balloons at you
okay dude go get some water balloons
baby you look like a giddy schoolboy but
were electric on we've been making these
vlogs for six years and we've been going
to that Super Center all them years
we've been seeing these pools you always
told me no but guess what I've only got
manned up I sound doing anyway salius
why don't you finally give me a mission
I gave you permission we're gonna be
careful Brock you gotta learn how to
swim okay and you got to keep an eye on
Daxton here we go come on that's just by
talking about it and show you guys the
exciting miss that's happening over here
Gavin Butler talk to me about a few of
your feelings right now what well what
do you think well yeah duh decided to
Lana and get some bird all right the
ladies and we're gonna of course she's
happily novia and jump in it yes sir yes
sir yes sir we are
we're gonna do all those things aren't
we Danny Boy so they're pushing all the
air bubbles out of the ground all right
have a good time
can't wait only only three more days
till we get to go swimming we need a
bigger hose could be a while but maybe
that cloud will open up and drop a few
hundred gallons worth of water because
we need it so we hey hey yo you mr.
cloud could you do us a favor and fill
up our swimming pool so we can enjoy it
cool refreshing coolness are you
spraying your sisters bro whoa that's
called a butt face
ouch there's old Tim Deegan with this
tan line Tim's out here he's been out
here building this pool
go together don't help you oh yeah by
the way don't buy this swimming pool it
sucks what's that gonna do
already the instructions don't match
like the hardware they sent us but oh
it's we had upside down all D'Arnot had
it upside down
all right fill that pool up we're gonna
go swimming here soon my favorite flavor
is child labour make the kids lift heavy
things okay guys we need this Tramp at
the top of this hill so we can jump into
the swimming pool nice - move it
nein say via looking buff come on Brock
lift with your shoulders boy getting
close okay we need to go up there
farther we're gonna have it at the head
of this pool I'm gonna jump off the
trampoline into the swimming pool duh
what else would you do with the
trampoline in a swimming pool
simultaneous like hey guys it's a
birthday party time are you excited look
I've got a spider-man tray so all the
guests what firemen mouse can have them
whoa was that Oh gage present I am
potato salad anybody shoots my house
potato salad the present welcome hi dad
hey I just woke up from a nap
granny man yes mom I do okay we got a
house full of people for Brock's
birthday birthday party for Brock you
use everybody from the entire family who
they're all here all 8700 of the people
including spider-man grandma grandma
happy birthday lots of food lots of fun
they would go tricks and Santa Claus is
here these all mine these are your bring
these to me thank you just in case I
have to change Church today
yes all the new designs you guys that's
so exciting
I don't have to go shopping anymore
because we have a clothing company so I
just like check out all the new designs
if you haven't seen the website go check
it out we got a sweet new red button up
very minimal tricks and branding just on
the tag you know got the tags going down
but there's nothing on the front it's
totally red except if you flip this one
then you see that one and then on the
back there's a little white tricks and
logo but it's very minimal but this is a
sweet button-up and we noticed everybody
that wore this different body styles de
Haan and Derek and everybody it made it
looked good on everybody so go check out
the pictures on the website makes you
look good
this is a new girls tee with the Trix
and family tag it's a skeleton one I'm
loving that we got all the tags in there
that's sweet that's cool families
everything like that one anyways check
out the new designs just do something
cool they're the hoses still going
no going how much how deep is it it's
like 2 feet it's up to your knees hey
what are you shooting that up lookout
nerf guns we got a knee pad on I gather
for ready jump in Cooper good trick hey
gage let's see your move 360 oh that was
a 360 butt crack I've never seen that
performed out of competition before
ladies and gentlemen that is a tough
maneuver did you guys plan this sneak
attack crazy
oh it's gonna be lightning we got a goal
Mama's here we got to go in the house
gets grandma great kisses give me kiss
oh thank you mmm
okay thank you Gary kiss you give me
neither one is raining yeah we might
need to get the kids out of the pool
yeah there might be lightning you guys
better get out of there Rock I like to
see climb on out
Gavin engage are in the pool waiting for
it to fill up it's still taking a while
we got the pump and everything I was
gonna jump on the trampoline but that
might not be good I just saw like two
big streaks of lightning up in the sky
if you're jumping up in the air you
saving that you found a match oh you
just leave it there if you want your
throw it on the grill Danny got the new
design Danny got the new design baby
Kulik ice-cream cake in a baby Collette
got ice cream cake in a baby is a
birthday cake time yeah
okey-dokey happy birthday buck it's your
birthday finally you got it he wants to
explain his birthday for a week you got
it that's how it always is until
everybody can get together for the party
it's not really a birthday it's okay to
celebrate for a week cause it only comes
around once a year yeah might as well
time to water the horses
hey bro I'm trying to vlog here time to
water the horses what's up beautiful
how's it going would you like your ears
gosht
she does like easier scratch that's nice
huh that nice so you got to come out
here even though this is a hundred
gallon tank you got to fill it up
probably three times a day so we're
gonna have a key grip Dan install a
bubbler like a you know they'll put like
a float so if the water gets low it'll
automatically turn on otherwise we got
to come out here and water these guys I
brought them out a bunch of like the old
apples that we have in our fridge you
know when you get apples that have been
in there for like three weeks you're
kind of getting a little stale had a bag
of them brought him out here this
morning these guys loved them ate them
all up yes they did
that ate all those horsies these horsies
this horsey right here he had himself
seven apples this morning yes he did he
likes his apples
this guy right here he had 17 apples
that's an over-exaggeration get you guys
a drink all right
let's party hello hello hello hello
okay yeah ice cream cake ice cream cake
Blake Blake Blake imitating each other
in there with the water are they having
a water balloon fight out here
hey then a water balloon fight going on
yeah come on yeah nuts
that'll happen on some summer days hey
how you go through through through the
water balloons Gavin I said room I for a
night yeah Cooper let's go talk to Gavin
what's up with this bro
you throwing nut shots so I do well you
need to be careful you hit something
hone in at me and that's why do you mind
and then it hit and it didn't pop so
well you should be watching where you're
a man that's not cool not cool Cooper
get a balloon get him back bro it's a
water balloon fight all is fair go get a
balloon dude you play baseball you can
throw fast Gavin you have to make him
three balloons and get to throw you go
make them he's gonna make you three
balloons you can throw okay set a deal
okay I'm on forestry
all right one hey let's open this
birthday happy birthday buddy
yeah back and I think now Brock's
birthday is officially over that dude
has been milking it for the last week
every time he sees somebody's like is it
my birthday did you give me a present
can I open my presents now dad what kind
of cake am I gonna get yeah he's milking
it big time but he learned to ride a
bike like later in the day I didn't film
it but he like had it down he was
cruising around the driveway doing
little circles very proud of my little
baby boy
rocking late um a announcement you guys
saw that Shaytards towel maybe in the
vlog where we did the surfing video
those are live on maker shops so if you
want to Shaytards beach towel you can
get one at maker shop there's a link
below the only place to get Shaytards
merchandise to maker shop socks and all
that stuff I know I'm selling a lot of
freaking crap buy my clothing line
buy my Shaytards towel just letting you
know don't yell at me this is the end
slate the videos over I can sell stuff
in the enslave that's a rule I can sell
stuff in the insulate I call if you want
a towel you can go buy one all right
love you guys thanks for watching we'll
see you tomorrow
