oh hey what's going on we are down here
at Venice Beach Los Angeles California
drinking coconut water a neat necklace
Gavin my boy want to play some soccer
he's going down you know what good news
good news
they just plowed our field for us
they've just been here with the soccer
plowing device know they had it I called
him this morning Gavin I said me and
Gavin are be down at the beach 9 a.m. we
want a very freshly plowed stretch of
sandy about you know 40 yards by 50
yards that's about how big I told him to
make it right there all right bro set up
the goal down there I'll set up down
here let's go to work
plant soccer on the beach I'm so glad
they got this all plowed out for us this
is gonna be nice it'll feel good on the
feet hey boys aah are you excited
hey we get to hang out with horses today
yeah yeah Joe hurt yeah see he has big
nose he does have a big nose huh he's a
big cool horsey nose then mom I have
club you do go get your hat couldn't go
show us your hat okay all right we're
getting ready to Trek I was a little bit
nervous to take all the kids
but grandma Larry is a sweetheart and
she offered to take Daxton so we're
gonna leave Daxton here and I feel kind
of bad about it but at the same time
he's gonna be in the Sun hot Sun all day
I think he'll have a lot more fun with
Grandma plus she's gonna spoil them I
know it goals are set up at your side
here we go ladies and gentlemen we are
on the pitch
that's a good idea I forgot last time we
did that we put some sand on the back of
it and that kind of helps hold it down
so I have a big event tonight you guys
in downtown Los Angeles at the Westin
Hotel me and the CEO of YouTube Susan
Wojcicki on stage doing a QA she's like
they've I've seen multiple interviews
where the interviewers they claim her as
like one of the most powerful people in
business or in tech in advertising no
pressure
G no pressure get on the stage with one
of the she was Google employee number 18
she is Sergey Brin the guy who started
Google slept on her couch like they
started it in her garage that's who she
is
anyways that it's not gonna stop me from
kicking your butt right now here on the
sand look gonna lose I'm getting warm
I'm getting warmed up here in the soccer
field Susan Wojcicki I'm gonna we're
gonna we're gonna play soccer oh oh oh
those okay I gotta put the camera I
almost lost an early goal you guys go
easy on me I'm vlogging bro okay what
are we going to what's the rules going
to five he's like that just shut up
let's play okay I gotta go bye all right
you guys we are ditching our iron horses
and we're headed up the canyon with just
us and handcart oh my gosh you guys
excited yeah Brock he is like on fire
right now are you ready all right it's
our turn it's our turn let's go our
first friend that we found on the trail
she gave it yeah she found it and she
found you a ladybug too huh what's that
name are you gonna name him before you
lose him I'm getting naming Harry Harry
I'm gonna name them I'm a name in man
because she's really thanks for the
inspiration
I'd say I'm trying to protect the
caterpillar is right in here guys
Wow
Oh God
but
all right this is a oh my goodness so so
far we've actually been on like a trail
a road now we're actually going through
the sagebrush like the real pioneers and
it's really hard I cannot even imagine
going 1,300 miles in this good job Rach
hold on tight he's just directing the
crew and we're were the pack horses
there's my guy
thanks bud appreciate it I know a guy
down here at the beach Department
something set the filled up for us
thanks Larry
you're the best me and lair when I was
running all these beaches we got to know
each other real good he's always out
here plow and we talked tractors a lot
he's a John Deere guy I'm a cat man
myself but that Larry he's crazy all
right what's the score three to four I'm
up if I shoot this and make it I win you
just want to help me right now because
one to help me win this game in 50 yards
out me and you here we go
Bend It Like Beckham dang it
that was your fault you guys focus get
your head in the game come on right we
have gotta cross this river to get to
our campground I don't know how we're
going to do it I'm happy to report that
you guys rocked it 6.2 miles down the
throw rope congratulations
so we are actually going to be camping
on the other side of the river here so
anyhow the water looks very inviting and
after we cross the river you guys will
have a chance to play I mean we're
spending the night here so you can set
up camp so today we'd like to have all
are basically 16 to 19 year olds
all right well I hope you happy with
yourselves Gavin just beat us five
before I let him get too close I should
never let him get within two points
let's go you're playing again we're
having a blast it's a gorgeous day
people are out surfing riding their
bikes walking their dogs people are
driving their boats
Larry's driving his tractor it's a
little overcast but it still feels
amazing it's a warm day
we're in sleeves and no tees and just
playing around how about a great summer
okay check in with you later
all right so they're having young men
carry all of us across the river to
reenact a little bit just a tiny bit of
what it may have been like of course the
people that were in the you were
freezing cold they were crossing a
reasonable River to are starving they
didn't so this is not really anything
like that but we're trying to feel kind
of the feeling that they would have you
know what they would have been through
just finished our third game we're gonna
run down and jump in the ocean I'm
scared it's gonna be cold Gavin doesn't
care about cold water he's gonna freeze
and ice
into the ocean roll around maybe I'll
just watch I'll do cameraman I'm
cameraman I call I don't want to get the
camera wet okay let's go
Oh ha midwife's Govan let is refreshing
I feel alive Gavin
whoa yeah whoa
nice hanging tan out there you'll get
our surfboards Gap boogie boards yeah
all right so a lot of you guys might be
wondering why it's just me and Gavin on
this trip well tell them why you're
speaking and we're doing a book together
so I come with him and we do our cats
and stuff yep so we are writing the book
right now Gavin and I together and so we
made a pact for the next 30 days we have
to be together and there we can't like
for any reason be apart because we're
going to be talking about the book right
in the book and doing workouts every day
at least 30 minutes a day for 30 days so
I told him I said even if I have to go
on a business trip or anything coming
with me will travel to screw up together
all right so we're gonna go back on the
pitch here play another game and get
really sandy then we're gonna go
swimming we need to get a GoPro dude two
days in a row I wish had a GoPro crap
because you're so hot and then I'm the
cold water you're not really that cold
it's just feels good actually it wasn't
that first jump in was like cold but
then it just like felt really nice and
refreshing it's crazy what those people
went through to get to the west
saving my little boy maybe you should
cross the river not the boys carrying us
across and our luggage
headed to get a juice
lunchtime going to our favorite place
down here in Venice Beach rainbow acres
Natural Foods juice sushi fresh fruit
whatever you need they got it
huh I'm like the cows gonna be munching
on the green juices so we're so la dude
green juice and sushi you're so la hey
Bobby Bobby Halleck everybody we're
having lunch and I can't wait you
getting these rice babies mm-hmm
we're setting up our cake is our first
night in our new tent and I love it it's
a 10-person tent I believe oh yeah you
are the cool scary you oh baby so scared
don't scare me at night I'll turn around
and smack it this is exciting
I'm excited this is the first time we're
going camping this year che Galvan we
wish you guys were here hopefully you
can meet up with us tomorrow because
you're missing out seriously cute all
right just like that me and Gavin are
out of here yep we are leaving Los
Angeles and we're gonna go try to find
mom and the kids I'm on a mountain trek
I hope we find him bro cuz she is not
fixed
she has no phone service yeah so we only
have a map and I don't think I know how
to work a map a map all right second day
of the truck we are starting out in good
spirits a little hot hot day and this is
our son baby and he isn't getting
the best ride of his life
seriously what if you like to be sighs
again you having a good time buddy
chatter you haven't done yet this is the
best it's really fun experience it was a
full experience once he got really nice
I left I am loving this we slept pretty
good last night
it wasn't quite like the Pioneers we had
nice gear nice tip nice sleeping bags
and it was pretty awesome
I just kept thinking I can't imagine
just roughing it like this traveling day
in and day out they would travel like 10
to 15 miles a day and then do it every
day for months and months pretty amazing
doing great guys I guess today we've got
five miles but it's mostly uphill so I
was like oh five miles we can do that
uphill it's gonna be a little challenge
whoa guys stick engages and balance what
oh you give me the flowers these are my
bouquets he keeps finding flowers along
the trail and give it to me so sweet
you're melting my heart I saw it Jeff my
little expert in Catalan oh that's the
right attitude never deterred alright
here we are
we did it again
made it to the airport in time to get on
a airplane and fly through the air
thirty thousand feet up to go see our
family how's the trip quick business
trip in and out of Los Angeles we got a
lot of done though we got a lot done in
a short amount of time it's going here
they got good juices and stuff
nice Gavin and I got a lot done on the
book also farmers market it some fruit
healthy options stay hydrated when
you're in the airport guys stay hydrated
get some water this has been a crazy
trip palm Brockie yeah you having fun
here's my my backpack grexit I'm a
backpack he's my funny backpack it's the
old rich broken house slippers in that
cool Rock calls it an old rich broken
house cheek bones head a bit I don't
think we will this time cuz we got to
keep trekking that sure is cool watch
out whoa cattle guard woo alright Salt
Lake Jamba Juice what's your name Manny
Manny Salt Lake Jamba Juice
Shane what up to us thanks to you thanks
for watching and she does to what she's
hiding
she's scared to be on Nikki you're gonna
come out now it's safe I'll turn it off
you guys got to go she want to be on me
and Gavin are traveling the world
together giddyap partner so we are here
at the trading company trying to find
some cowboy clothes cuz we're going on
this small town but it's like famous for
a but like a tooth water park and stuff
it's a natural hot spring here anyways
allowed to wear like city slicker
clothes like 20th century you have to
like dress up like you're on the trail
so I need to come find a cowboy shirt
down a hat
go shut this out this is gorgeous
I'm out here trying to find my one more
kind of exciting we're on a scavenger
hunt to find our family because there's
no GPS and there's no cell service so we
have to like use traditional maps and
directions and we feel like we're the
middle of nowhere and we're hoping that
we find it baby yeah good point guy
you're a genius
I'm a baby these aspects but my baby
yeah bye-bye y'all get in okay all right
found the camp they're so happy there's
my Pioneer Woman imagine I was drunk
driving I drove to the top of the hill
to get serviced I could call him and
then my friends like is that him and I
looked up and you're coming on your
white steed wait it was a gray slate
steed but it was really romantic found
mall woman hey here in the mountains hey
brocco you've been having fun on this
track cool did nobody dinner no we're
gonna even sorry you can have it later
try to hide it up in this in the snack
cupboard but that is the snack okay
that's very high tomorrow fine
alright guys we're just on the trail
some Indian it will as cross those who
give them all our chocolate you want
this chocolate too look at this traffic
Oh
gotta stop at the railroad crossing cuz
there's a train but you can't go
anywhere in Idaho without there being
traffic everywhere we just got done up
the trek was exhausting there's lots of
the Train see by Betty
hi
you later take the goods and services
across America thanks for doing that
now we're exhausted and it's time to
head home whoo sunburn and hot and tired
and just want to lay on a soft bed here
we go see you guys tomorrow it's just
nice to see reality it's just a cool
family be good to each other I'm so
tired
the people
