broccolis your pancake with ears and a
sausage mouth is here for your birthday
yep it sure is Mickey Mouse is here to
wish you happy birthday all oh damn it
let me be the first to say happy
birthday the most tenacious person I
know Braco this kid never gives up this
kid is never discouraged
this kid is bouncing off the walls from
the moment he wakes up to the second we
put him to bed and he is the eternal
optimist
I love you hey happy birthday buddy give
me five I'm very proud of you
here you go eat some breakfast okay
let's go jump on out of there and he's
athletic too such a crazy little man
little dancing man always in a good mood
what have you learned in five years
Brock huh you're a five-year-old boy
what have you learned we learned our
lessons did you learn all your lessons
you guys remember when you watched Brock
be born five years ago now he's a little
boy I love you happy birthday
little everybody yeah hey yeah hey Gavin
put your heads together close ducting
you guys are adorable look at my
children not you actually can you scoot
out thank you nice loofahs you know
you're the prettiest one there are you
gonna order me to get pancakes pancakes
Daxton what do you eat for breakfast
yeah oh the waters are here yes
excellent okay uh birthday boy dapper
day boys time to open up presents yeah
you're good who's this from
Gavin Oh Brock remember when you got
that present when you're a little kid
and you've made that face do that again
let me see what is it dude super here I
know is like that I'm busy inspecting
what do you think what do you say to
your brother thanks Gabe that was nice
did you pick that out yeah cool dude
maybe tell Gavin help if you put it
together okay happy birthday
together right they know I love them
like you better
Morgan's more broccolis your pancake
with ears and a sausage mouth is here
for your birthday
yep it sure is Mickey Mouse is here to
wish you happy birthday opal oh damn it
I swore ya want spider-man not Mickey
Mouse sorry your birthday's ruined worst
birthday ever
spire Ian doesn't have big ears yeah
about working
shuttles love bonnet and I need these
for work in the cows in the truck got
some work gloves huh these are kids and
large and the cows and open the horse
admit everything offer okay those gloves
are for everything cows hey hey baby
goat a toothpick is smooth come on okay
Gordon email okay cool oh no you guys
I'm fulfilling a relapse these are giant
tennis balls look at that's as big as
your head boy that's a big tennis ball
oh that's hot oh yeah here Dex can you
hold those there you go yeah butoh
steph curry did you see him hit those
three last night dang giddy up giddy up
it's Gavin Butler Rondon twist this
sucks but we have to leave on strong
tarts birthday me and Gavin are on a
very actually special secret assignment
I've been asked to speak at a Google /
YouTube employees
I'm supposed to be on stage with the CEO
of YouTube dude
mr. Gavin Butler is coming with me and
you know what that means soccer balls
coming - because he's messier in
training
like to make the beverage into over time
I'll remember
and of very serious
look I want to look
in
Kalea
hey guys we're just getting ready for
the trek we've got all clean oh I didn't
I mean I am good job
I'm doing French braids a navy of hair
so that we can keep it off with face for
Utrecht guys we're making cupcakes huh
pour that in you know what ABI you're
turning into a little a little house
mommy she knows all the cooking rigs yes
she knows how to change it dice and put
a baby to bed I'm gonna be and then dad
okay no more then yeah he'll be a dad
too and you'll get to do all this kind
of stuff with you or little kids okay to
make cupcakes with them and you'll know
buddy okay water yeah we're gonna stir
it yeah do a job you guys are so good
we're gonna love it for what smells good
yeah it's gonna be aa me that smell good
Daxton smell good
that's is for making a cake okay Brock
can you pour that in now okay okay we
need the egg for eggs I think it's a C's
three eggs that's four egg whites oh
yeah okay Jackson we're gonna put three
xscape why you gotta crack it to the
sides okay we're through egg the whole
egg we're not really in right good good
start work oh yeah are behind cupcakes
with this yes okay I'll get the cupcakes
I think she is already getting the
cupcake pan and then the cups are no
there is nothing very so cute have a
cooking show with guys probably pictures
on blue or green I wanted tray serve red
somewhere there look around look around
dad
yeah all right we are still getting
ready for our trek we are going on a
pioneer trek with our church group and
I'm going without shape for the first
night so I'm a little bit nervous and
then Shay's going to meet up with us for
the second night I'm going to try to
keep a very full charged battery so I
can get all the fun stuff on the track
it's going to be exciting embalm I'll
put this pretty close I love the frost
okay gotta wait until we cook them
though back with the pioneers cross the
plains apparently they were only
allotted about 17 pounds each so we've
got our five gallon buckets and we are
going to try to keep them under 20
pounds each I think we did fine with
that but these are our five gallon
buckets and we've got the hats this is
my nice Kyler straw hat that I got for
her because she's gonna come help me I
love her so much she's a really great
babysitter and I really could use some
help where it's just me and the kids all
right and I've got my hat I love this
because it's mint look it hasn't been
green on it I was so excited so I have
straw hats the girls have some bonnets
and Brock has a little hat and you guys
are gonna be so cute it's gonna be so
good these are so lovely they are
beautiful be nice be nice to your
cupcakes
alright look where we found ourselves
whoops-a-daisy me and Gavin accidentally
somehow
found ourselves k1 speed Raceway dudes
out on a dudes night in Los Angeles what
do you do you go racing you go racing so
these things are fast you gotta go maybe
like 40 miles an hour fast you ready for
this
it's gonna be awesome we're meeting some
friends here - okay I invited some of my
homies okay I invited some of my pvp's
all right how does it look are you
stirred with let's try that again did
you stir it enough hey dude we're
stirring good job Jackson we're doing
such a good job and reverse cousin Brock
you're doing a great job and the girls
have got the cupcake pan ready looks
good and this is red and blue for
spider-man yeah yeah you're sharing your
birthday would you brother that's
suspicious well looks like the kids ate
the frosting and then got distracted
but they only frosted like the ones that
they ate Oh Welles
happy birthday Brockie I think they're
downstairs with Bailey let's go find out
there he is there's a PvP bright day
blue industry tools
all right so me and Jesse randomly are
gonna be speaking the same
Weston tomorrow he has to do a big
presentation it's like a it's like a
YouTube internal I really I have to go
to school I know that I know I've been
studying I have to like getting ready
anyways we're racing tonight though
where we didn't do any of that weird you
know the sweet boy Ricky hey needs he
needs the Jeep is there a jeep out here
favorite racing uh-uh
here we go I got a baby onesie on my
head oh thanks Daxton so let me borrow
your onesie alright getting strapped up
locked in ready to ride oh it's going to
mess up to do it still it doesn't go
down it's like you're about to go
through the charlie like ninja alright
let's ride let's do this alright ready
come on car ten the key car eleven go
down Kevin you better watch out boy or
pass you up son
alright boys how do we do how do we do
Gavin did you love it I won the first
one and then somebody won the second one
and then Jesse won the third one hoorah
go watch Jesse's vlog he got good GoPro
footage I didn't drink anywhere do what
I told you to bring the GoPro dude never
bring the GoPro Wow
jesse has a backpack full of cameras
he's a committed vlogger uh this dude
that was awesome man that was so cool
you guys have fun yes
I bet you had fun okay what are you guys
doing all total chess that's alright my
room looks that way to go jogging knows
you're doing ginger we give really not
relevant
that's what I meant to see what you guys
doing we're Revere at Comcast she gave
us a package I'm lovin Carl a what let
this press yeah well time to brush your
teeth cuz we need to get up early so we
can get to the trek who's gonna be a big
day I'm excited happy birthday Rach Rach
come here come here
so my surprise thing no did you have a
good birthday today it looks like you
did
look frosting here frosting here I love
you
well we're still going to have a party
for you where we do the cake and stuff
kay hip fives happy birthday bro love
you happy birthday little boy I love
that little guy
Brock Butler five years old little rock
tart
man he's so handsome I'm so proud of him
he's he's like a little man
anyways hanging out with my big man
Gavin he's in bed it's late we're here
in Los Angeles we're flying home
tomorrow to meet collect and the girls
and little broccolis on the trek
it's a big campout style march across
the wilderness situation carry your own
junk forget about the internet and all
that other stuff and like just focus on
what it would be like to not have any of
that stuff and just work together sweat
together push a handcart together you
know wake up early in the cold morning
and cook kind of gross food over a fire
that you're shivering over together it's
real camaraderie building kind of stuff
that's what them Mormons do we're crazy
I know it's crazy stuff man
anyways uh happy birthday to my little
boy I love you guys thanks for watching
the videos it was so cool to hang out
with Jesse and Jeana those guys are
they're so cool they're fun to hang out
with we're lucky to be friends with
famous awesome people because they are
like everywhere you go with Jesse and
Jeana people recognize them
they're like do
don't fresh nature it's cool it's fun
being friends with all these people it's
a cool life love you guys she's
happiness all that crap you know I'm
saying all right I love you guys see you
tomorrow bye click on a video six years
Brock yo
