okay we're gonna go get those cows and
bring them back all right but you'd be
ready with that gate all five of them
all right Gavin will do this you're on
the forum gotta teach your leaven
year-old how to drive clutch
you ready eleven-year-old yes all right
let's do this
pull the brake out that's the brake
this remember somebody pull it and push
with your thumb
kaito so slowly let out the clutch now
you have to give a little gas oh okay
put the clutch in
clutch in start it up can I have just
slowly at the same time let the clutch
out as you're pushing the gas in it has
enough power more gas need more gas plus
as part of it dude keep your clutch in
yeah you gotta get used to it okay on
the foot on the gas give it some gas
pop okay good slowly off the clutch
watches good more gas little guys now
stop stop stop push in the clutch clutch
clutch learned a little bit famous part
of the day stupid I'm going to leave you
guys he likes it be time mm-hmm that
song to go to sleep maybe mine and he
started singing it to me the other day I
was floored it's so amazing when you
realize that your babies like ours like
all that stuff that you do for them or
with them is sinking in and started
singing it like I got him all ready for
bed and I got his bottle and we came to
rock and I hadn't started singing and he
started singing it was sweet just like
that song
all right we are taking Zeke to meet the
two horses we just got two horses uh
we're just borrowing them from a friend
to help round up the cows in case they
get out and Zeke is gonna be a pair of
lot and this horse appears named cash
and he's a spunky little horse and so he
needs to meet Zeke that's cash see this
is cash Zeke you can cash you guys
become good friends okay
carefully look you might get KITT
careful look
cash cash is a good horse he's just
chillin oh I bet you these two will get
rowdy together Zig don't know toothy
Zeke is not used to having bigger
animals than him I often ruzie ruzie I
just like to come out and hug my horses
this one right here you just need it you
need you need 10 good hugs a day keep
him happy
this one only needs six you get your six
hug need it you need you hug me get me
bring it if you got your film bring it
number six I don't keep them happy he'll
do that six more times huh I said she'll
do that six more time you'll get a
hundred and eighty-seven every time
anything know what drive by there he'll
be like a lot of things I should be
doing emails phone calls I think I just
missed a conference call I was supposed
to be on I don't know if you heard about
Hummer busy hugging my horses leave me
alone oh well that was was easier than I
thought
I was nervous and they're gonna get all
freaked out but uh I think the real test
will come tonight when I'm riding this
one and Zeke's running alongside I feel
like don't want to run together I just
wanted a minute to meet
all right cash Zeke Zeke cash guess you
guys will uh get planted that oh crap
hey where's my daughter did you have fun
with Carly you look like you're kind of
just the same yeah if you guys been
having a girls day
oh sorry what do you guys doing
she was paranoid because I put a picture
up on Instagram that she had lipstick on
that you're gonna get mad I said your
dad can just calm down
hey is it me back there Lopez can't do
more shopping try hi
why'd you get no he doesn't good shoulda
known what quit picking your nose I was
watching the footage you guys making
muddy buddies an Emmy had her finger
halfway up her nose did you see that
Avia there's Booker's all in those muddy
buddies Emmy no more boogers and muddy
buddies look at her face
where is tree big room you could pick
your nose it was cute you'll think it's
hilarious in five years from now right
Carly let's see you do right now they
can need it
put your finger on my finger Oh Danny
don't
you'll be booger brothers daddy's all
your brothers you know what I've been
doing today
ha ha ha from yeah like what your nose
will probably just clean my finger
what's this shirt Carly oh this is the
eye we have new because we're making our
very own t-shirt design we can't see
that's just like to see if it fits it's
not the design but it feels really good
it's up and go look at our new horses we
got two horses one of them has kind of
blond hair yeah actually go look at him
any other nice I'm gonna ride one
tonight yeah yours loafer ride we got
two horses go look at him yeah Carly I
got five cows and two horses
where's your cowboy yeah I'm gonna go
get one you need to get me one Carly
Stiles bedazzled it okay
fake draft that is quit back in your
nose all right bye guys
so this is what I'm working on now this
is part of my daily chores though one of
the emergency things on the skid steer
came off so Casey's going to get
something to jam in there to hold the
bolt while we try to twist it plus all
the cows are out the horses are still in
there so they're chill
is that like the windows screensaver so
beautiful out there okay don't go home
look after you pissed case hate this
ranch you piss can't get this thing
fixed can pull it out okay guys I gotta
go bye hey guys so I'm making dinner
right now I'm making meatballs and
meatballs I said that weird uh Mike and
meatballs meatballs and corn on the cob
and this is what my kitchen looks like
oh my goodness it's an explosion I
filmed a video today and this is the
aftermath and for some reason is a
random boot what why get your boots off
my table
um are you guys hungry we're gonna eat
and I just threw this together because I
had some meatballs in the freezer and
some corn on the cob
the whole like all the guys are up like
there's Shay's dad and Tim and Danny and
Shaye and I don't know who else is up
there but they're all hunting cows again
yep they got out oh I know we're working
on the fence we've found a fence guy
he's gonna come fix the fence we thought
it was okay to house the cows in it but
for some reason that big cow can he's
just bold and he jumped over it again so
we're working on that so it's good to
see you guys thanks for coming over
all right let's make some food it's such
a mess just creepy that bar
alright cash money looks like you've
been doing some push-ups you ready for
this ride alright sort out trying to go
find the four cows that are now out I
just jumped the fence again so we're
getting the Cowboys together it's time
to go for a ride
we got Zeke cow herding dog the mean
cash when we go up there I find those
cows oh he's ready to ride I can see oh
hey come here Zeke look it look at
cowboy Dan
the George Strait to show up you can
follow us we're headed up yonder to find
them horses they're out of pasture and
that's not where they ought to be hey
Dan you ready you ready to ride Dan
let's get some work done Dan hey George
Strait Amarillo by morning looking
handsome right behind something mm-hmm
he's pretty boxy
hey boy that's a cool shot is it though
paddy paddy so dad and Tim we're trying
to repair the opening okay we're gonna
go get those cows and ring them back all
right
but you be ready with that gate all five
of them we got all right let's go Hoss
go find these cows I was a highwayman on
the roads I would ride only settled by
my side round the hole to Mexico
oh I love using my grid oh look
hashbrowns we got corn on the cob what
we've got any balls gonna be good
all right update on the cows we have
spotted four of the Black Angus heifers
we're looping around right now we're
gonna come up go around and try to push
them back down into the pasture that's
the plan see how it works out a little
bit on the field come on boys they see
us coming they see us coming dirty
Dave's moving he still has the rope
around his neck we're coming for you
Dave right now Zeke's after them xico
round them up
good boy Zeke Zeke surround in the milk
soap puppy right
boy Zeke all right work it so far
these horses are definitely alright we
almost got him in boys and girls here we
go
we did it cash money we did it oh yeah
didn't it get in there get in there get
in there
whoo in the pasture whoa yeah let's shut
this we did it we did it all right a
little horse work that was a lot easier
man we got all four cows in the pasture
there's still one missing but we did it
giddyap oh my goodness the full of water
that's gonna break where you gonna break
it right here to break up Zeke no you
are not going inside young man you're a
dirty dog come here
Avia first that come here my token no
that is let me fill it - okay I'm gonna
set it down if your animal is gonna pop
that is a heavy water balloon I can't
believe it Stan dude breaking by the cat
did scare the cat okay go throw by the
cat one two three what the heck was that
kitty
she's like I'm out of here is he all wet
pick him up is he wet tail Oh what's for
dinner babe um some hashbrowns
get your hands out of your pants you
little pervert
what Hey look stakes hey man
giddyup all right Zeke Zeke's clean
girls go get some towels and dry Zeke
off that's pretty cool see him a little
brother Ropin and rattin on that horse
um Casey my brother was named after my
grandpa LaVere so Casey's middle name is
LaVere I'm Shay Carl Logan is Logan
McKay I know a lot of you guys are like
why do you have different names from
your brothers and sisters no that's just
our middle names
anyways LaVere my grandpa was a horse
man
and I remember might as funeral my
grandpa levears horse was whinnying all
by himself it was this like lonely horse
whinny as they were burying my grandpa
so riding horses is kind of in our
family and it was fun doing that
yesterday anyways we're cowboys I guess
now we're city slicker Cowboys we're
having a lot of fun we just got to find
that one more cow he's out there he's
going to come back anyways all update
all cows and horses are accounted for in
the pasture with locked gates we just
got to find that one more and we have
reports of where we've heard where he is
so we're going to go find them anyways
we're having a great summer up here on
the ranch hope you guys are liking the
vlogs please give it a thumbs up leave a
comment check out yesterday's vlog if
you want to see when we got the five
cows and click on that mystery button if
you want to see a cool little edit we
just made for you click on it if you
want to see the Shh hard to do in every
single day for the last six years click
on those corresponding numbers five
years ago today because it is June 10th
a little baby boy was born named Brad
gillies Brock happy birthday
to me we got him some presents already
and he's having a great birthday all
right love you guys we'll see you later
bye
