Nexen why are you what is that what is
it it's one of the trees you get it I
don't want it when you don't have
pockets that's what you gotta do
it's your big giant onesie pocket maybe
I get this on camera I am man ready
again sorry James I got a higher drill I
noticed okay no I got her D look at
these two camel man did you wear your
camo like Rocky today I love it when
they got dressed this morning rock guy
hits camo pants on and dancing got his
camel shirt on as you used to boys found
a new best friend they like follow you
around all day
what's him doing with Timothy yeah well
right now he's like my son has the
biggest money oh you do oh whoa gun
shell no let the guy think you got me oh
yeah I do yeah you're right we've
decided that this one's name is Bagheera
because he's a black panther but gear
he's hit begin oh yeah I just named
mines come bug Carrie carrot remember
who Bagheera is from oh hi Guerra is the
black panther on the jungle book but
care yeah I need luck yet Metiria oh
what's this one it's not mine I thought
that one was peaches no the fluffy ones
peaches yeah well it's hardly of 1800
cap to keep track of all their names
hey black ones my timing too
God here like I named him the same one I
know you did I never pieces on your name
he's not like he's not like a picture
you could change his name
that'd keep his name silly on the name
um but gira big what are you doing what
is doing
come here these cats have loved living
here in this land
okay much hi hi oh sorry I missed it he
came up and put his nose on the camera
mm-hmm
found me he found me ah cool dude
I was hiding out guys sometimes as a mom
you just feel like you need to hide out
a little bit so I can watch the
Shaytards vlogs and the moms few stuff
he found me I can't keep the baby
he has like mom dar is that like radar
what are you doing I'm gonna get a
workout in so I'm glad she can't do it
sorry so cute little body reminds me of
little any when she was that age face
and his lips
I guess you belong to us I think they
all found me should I find me
yeah my secret hideout you know it it's
pretty easy mom was it hard it would I
have hold for pocket no hold on hold on
team okay we're lucky - oh you're so
lucky where'd you get all that money
me did you work for it yeah and I had it
well I told him a little bit a little
bit cuz we were at Brady's house and we
would play this game and there's no boys
allowed so I said I'd give him that
money if he went down so you bribed him
so you would not deploy them who be much
it sounds like an older sister thing to
do oh good cash good new hatch well I
guess it worked for him it is my night
cuz he wanted a lot of money okay maybe
careful no that's not a toy buddy really
her
when you hurt your foot I tried angle
yours okay duck dude why are you
what about what is it it's one of the
trees you hit it I don't know like the
path is my secret is when you don't have
pockets that's what you gotta do it's
your big giant 1d pocket hooray for
onesie pockets you're cute
in my belly chain seriously this gosh no
get down let me jump up there that's at
least five feet uh-oh okay get down oh
he got it
well don't slap the window this is how
you know that Zeke really likes blondie
she was eating out of a bowl with him
and he wasn't growling or anything oh
dang and I missed it I didn't catch it
are you guys in love or you just best
friends hmm furball
I mean that should be like the case
you're falling in love I mean just the
fact that he let you eat out of his bowl
that makes me think he's in love with
you I don't know you got a good thing
going Zeke night beautiful girl yeah
Phil no Walsh on baseball beautiful girl
Thanks so your brief girl mom Saturday
we're here at the baseball field to
watch Cooper swinging for the fences
it's fun it's a nice beautiful Saturday
thanks Peter
watch our truth wait you need to be the
other way you know your feelings are
gonna get there watch there is no other
no yeah see right here oh my everywhere
hey 1 2 3 cup
oh okay Bob okay you are there okay
would you call that I think okay we're
gonna do a cherry truck no it's called
Mary's I don't know Donnelly crazy
things like that
hey let's do it just drop hold my hands
up ace is gonna pop dude a check out our
cherry drops a cherry drop calm / cherry
drop oh there's well no offense but you
suck is what your shoe today scary I'll
care who you are you try it
treachery drop don't break your neck all
right Logan Logan see if you can do this
Yolo you can do this yeah Timmy D's
gonna do it dude I could try it
uh-huh you're thinking about it I can do
the cartwheel cartwheel up it's good for
you so can an oompa loompa bro let's see
it leave your canoe Terry oh whoa I
almost didn't do it can you do a back
handspring for your summer goal can you
do a back foot now Brock you do a back
flip
I took a back tuck it easier than back
handspring okay let's see it how easy it
is either
I do Tim I'll do it yeah we do it here
Lock this okay somebody spoke we're
gonna do it
yeah backflip off my life there is to
reward right here's ready one
now you can't lie to my arm lies we're
not dude you're not out this would be
like hey I'm ready
let me try it get ready back up like
wait wait wait wait oh you show your
back okay so I'll just run through the
motions I don't know Joe the bbc's
don't over flip dad I need motivation
over flip you're going straight flat
back Hey Avia are you recording
yep thank you ten seconds again don't
let me down you sure all your muscle is
throwing this awesome yeah flips very
already maybe I get this on camera I
almost ran ready again
okay my adrenaline orders no no I got it
I told you I could do it dad I'm a champ
one two three you have to commit you got
to do it you can't bail okay bout to go
one two three nice are you okay run up
and do it now go one two see all right
now it's time to terrorize one oh hey oh
man Carly Oh we're gonna head kicked out
we're definitely kicked out oh there's
grandma get out of there you guys
remember like every year I've been one
to get like a giant pool to put in the
backyard and Colette will never let me
this year's the year I'm gonna get one
of these pools we're gonna put in our
backyard swim it it's gonna be awesome
maybe we'll jump off the roof here we go
here we go here we go here we go dude I
want to sleep or oh wait hold on
let's stick our options could we buy a
hot tub full scheme yeah but you have to
meet you know this alright every listen
I bet that's it let's say there's a
heating film in this this probably
weighs 60 pounds put this in the back of
a truck go up to your camping spot in
the mountains where you're camping get
the creek water fill it up cuz as a
heating element how long did it take you
to get creek water to fill that up we're
gonna use it but well you know what I
never so full proof but it'd only take
us maybe three to six weeks and we can
fill it up and then there's no you have
a hot tub in camp that would be pretty
cool all right we found it
yep
yes a 18 foot that's the one dude 48
inches how deep is that do some math for
feet I'm 6 foot flat so it's like right
48 dude let's get that look at that dude
we could do laps in that it's a Coleman
to summer activities so we could
definitely jump off the trampoline into
that learning that's good I'm doing it
you mark my words I'm gonna get that
pool and we're gonna be jumping off the
trampoline into the pool within 72 hours
mark my words
72 hours we're gonna be doing tricks off
the trampoline into that swimming pool
yep yes siree chuckle that come on you
guys back me up how many years have I
running on those pools huh
you guys know dad can I get a pool I'm
getting a pool I think so it's summer
bond when it come some in our pool oh
hey what's up nothing going on over here
just making plans for the summer that's
all big plans I say big plans like this
giant I'll get me a floaty Solo Cup and
a relaxing dominus woman pool all right
we're celebrating Carly's birthday she's
gonna unwrap her present from her
I need my Piper's Rock excited about
this present he was so excited to wrap
that one there's no tape but we have zip
ties that's fulfilling an essay on what
okay I also want to unwrap it look if
you can unwrap it butcher come on you
can name it
okay let's seal oh you want to your tip
tip what's the tip Logan ah I thought
Gavin a little uncle suave tip hey hey
hey where are you going come here come
here come here I got you all right let's
do this
tip okay so alright so you're walking
girl in class right you're talking her a
little bit maybe you know don't do this
girls you don't know named Susan you're
like oh the other day I picked this up
in a storm I need you here right there
no do not do that that is bad tip that's
that's salt brother remember the first
time we held hands I duct-taped our
wrists together hey everyone we're going
to show you how to make muddy buddies
sorry it's very hot in the background um
dad I'm never watching basketball
um we're calm anybody's we usually eat
them for like a dessert on wall or you
say you hiding wait one small powdered
sugar she look butter spoon cheater bar
to like Walmart bags or something like
that fast traffic at Chester and
chocolate chips we're gonna start off
with the small book okay and then wait
and you also need to measure them I need
to get them one sec okay that's just
going to be used with how to trigger
she's also gonna be at you sit in okay
first rate is off this small one is a
safe okay we're gonna start with
chocolate chips can you open that and
we're gonna pour it into the bowl oh you
also need a microwave and then you need
a cube of butter
and then for the peanut butter can open
it here using the spoon you're going to
get um I could use three spoonfuls of it
and then you're going to put it in the
microwave for one minute and they ask
you and then we'll sit tell you what
shinnok's
okay when you open up um it looks
disgusting
if you don't even want to touch it like
it's disgusting
now we were going to use that spoon at
Euston from the peat butter and make and
stir that in so now we are going to stir
it all up
wait we're going to stir it all up I'm
sorry yeah okay yeah per stir it up stir
it up stir it up love her okay help stir
it up and then after we stir it up we're
gonna bring the tin foil and the risk M
chicks it chick stir stir if you want it
is two of us we're gonna get to spoon to
do it so I pull that things up ah okay
that's not fight fight fight fight okay
now it looks like this it looks a little
better
we're going to stir it a little more
more to get more texture and then we are
gonna get the tinfoil ball and tell you
what's next
okay I'm going okay hon okay now we're
gonna get the tin foil and see how we
have this chocolate mixed we are gonna
put like half of it into the bowl look
look
yeah yeah okay put that in a bowl now
we're gonna get the chex mix it all in
there it's fine
no we're not even supposed to delve in
it okay rice Chex that rice Chex Mix
what we call rice
okay now we're gonna put the rest of the
chocolate chocolate jacket a good chunk
of it now enjoy Simon and me laughing
read the top of a joke knock knock who's
there
okay now we have on the chocolate you're
gonna turn it up
okay after you sure enough we will tell
you what to do okay this is what it
looks like so far but before we do that
we are going to get the that yes the two
plastic bags is open then
and then when we open it we're gonna put
them inside each other okay ah okay put
this like camera put this inside here so
now there's two backs in the same point
there's one back yeah okay then we're
gonna get down that alien and part here
we're gonna pour it into the Bob chakra
filming we have them in the bag we're
going to get it should I feel it yeah
the powdered sugar and then measuring
measuring cut and so this is what it
looks like inside the bag that looks
pitted disgusting we open up the
powder sugar and we're gonna put two
cups in here and they're back
sorry
oh my don't try to spit on the floor and
then after that reason why we have it in
the bags
if so we can shake him around and then I
can make my money and then oh wait yes
it really make a difference it just
makes it happen inside with vanilla in
either do I so now we just mix it up can
you help lift it up
dancey-dance oh that doesn't look too
good yeah okay
hey kit bond and mix it a little more
okay usually when we're done shaking it
we part in the pants to the family's
families where we all share in so now
we're going to form it into a pen we
don't know how many was on the bottom
not that good
we should have shake it just took a bit
more then we skirt it look at that big
look at that big - there's still a
couple chunks
okay and after that you have many
buddies if you look like those better
but since we're children we are an
optimist but look that's a big chunk
taking egg okay and then after this the
bane ingredient okay crazy yeah they
call me down that's how I'm known in my
crew by my crew of me my kids when I
take them to school yeah cool I got them
roll
fanny-pack just old machine-gun snacks
in the back peanut butter and Griffin
case it's one crazy day
