it's just nice to each other you be
doing dishes and I'll be like walking by
I don't know who you are I'm all send
them walking through like I've in your
house or doing the dishes it's cool or
just chill oh hey oh you got the sacred
shirt on what's up rock star gun you do
the action
what is it get beard thought of a
running running
rocky they're rock hard cats Oh get it
for him and give it to him what do you
think rock hard
that's yours he liked those what am I
supposed to do with this crap I won't
wearing those these don't match my coat
on your foot what's up bro you ready for
the day you ready it are you ready to
attack this big bad world
Jackson Harris gave him this hat that is
so cute
go Yankees dude all right let's go man
let's take these kids at school you
ready come on man bundle of joy go kick
that big ball over there see that big
ball go kick it really hard you love
your children pain a parent say whatever
you want all you got to say dude come on
your baby tard you're the James front of
James once several album tell them all
about that you're too close now baby
chart what should we name the
birdie-birdie third uh I want to talk to
you I heard you were like doing my voice
with the bird and I appreciate the
that's my voice she said I like to eat
him maybe I should just name him we
should just name her
maybe we're just gonna name it honey
maybe we'll just name it and help me
snake tart until he kills one of our
children and then he won't be part of
the family this little guy I almost
called him a little guy he's a big guy
yeah you're just kind of big you're even
grown out of that kennel this is the
largest kennel the pet store had and
look at him he's too long for it this is
ridiculous well me me alone and trying
to sleep you got a big nose hey do you
have your dog shove your dog poop
shoveling cheese on are those your dog
poop dumpling shoes your Nike SB is bro
well guess better make them work
shoveling yeah we're shoveling
shoes you shoveling shoes yeah oh you
brought your smile okay run and grab it
he's a Shoveler you shovel shoes
all the time huh change the word dishes
cuz we don't say look what uncle Casey
just taught okay so listen
Carly is deathly afraid of well she's
basically a girl so anything like a bug
a reptile like this a snake anything of
that nature she's gonna freak out so
Casey's gonna go out and changing
small-scale okay yes so he's gonna go
out there and say hey Carly check out
this new watch that my wife gave me I
like your hair look at the watch that
came about
if the lizard-skin watch so we like it
hurt yeah late it's only 4:30 yeah it's
only 4:30 you're not late why so worried
it's like I see God are you guys think
my brother's hot guys think my brother
saw for those of you who don't know yeah
Logan is my brother how old are you
you're 15 yeah do you like your 1450
you're 14
how old are you ladies like there's been
some girls like your brother's so hot I
think they're like 20 is too young for
you so stay away he's only 15 right son
tard you don't want any chicks macking
on uncle Logan you you want to hang out
with them huh the most amazing
experience of your whole entire life and
I wrote a new journal
other than being with your mom but I
finally am so let me start off by today
it was probably the best day of my life
because I had a concert I was guitar
playing we played one way or another it
was awesome we played it at the House of
Blues in Hollywood I had the best time
in my life then we took a band picture
nice stop crying I'm alive right now do
you see where I'm at
I'll show you I'll show you where this
hey Dan got a sword
what are you doing no I don't want that
stick in my face
you stick fazer but you don't just take
a little bite you good now yeah just
getting these people's picture yeah no
problem honey will you get your kid
please get your kid he's so excited rock
cards say good night to Donny the dart
rocked argh you better say good night to
your little brother
no Donny see the morning bro Donny the
dart lives on this girl look pregnant
that is not a pregnant girl and the
reveal boom knock things over with that
belly not pregnant anymore not pregnant
how many times have we moved during the
course of these vlog Oh every year every
year no no we get every single year have
we really that true guys I've been here
every year we've moved once a year for
six years five years how many times of
this is this scientistic for a long time
that was 13 times but I feel like that's
been a couple moves oh yeah this is like
our 16th time moving as a married couple
we love each other that's that's the
greatest thing though doesn't matter
where we are in the world we still have
each other and that's why it's easy to
move for us because it's not like we're
losing anything we still have the most
important thing to us and that's each
other oh that's adorable come on you
can't get a little love for romanticism
on rockface ain't paying attention
you're gonna have to build one of these
when he's done
retention there's gonna be a 10 do
you girls know how to build paper
airplanes so anywhere we go anywhere
these two ladies feel like they have to
bring their entire bedroom with them but
today we have little baby bears in their
washrag
No
yes you saw somebody was giving away
free cats or something so she came home
and she said dad don't touch me I know
you're allergic to cats and I just held
a kitten and I was like oh thanks for
thinking of me so you guys got these
because you want kittens so these are
like these are your pretend kitten
apparently he's got you though so it's
okay I'm Farley dogs I've got you
just shoveling
he's a Shoveler you shovel is
all the time huh change the word dishes
cuz we don't say you big piece of
let's shove some yeah and clean up
this backyard
