welcome to the Shaytards wall can you
say welcome to the Shaytards applause
that's it this time you learned say
welcome you can't have it yet you have
to have a rite of passage before you can
hold the camera isn't that right sir
okay birth the tiny bear you guys we
finally did it
Kyler and I my awesomeness Kyler has
been helping me with this picture
collage and it's taken us what like an
hour maybe an hour and a half I don't
know but right at first I was just
eyeballing it cuz that's how I wrote
like I like to get things done I don't
want to wait too long
Shay comes in and he's like well did you
measure it because it looks off and so
then we started measuring on this stuff
the edges and they all looked a little
off so I was like ding it and it
surprised me a little bit cause Shane's
usually not the one that likes to look
at directions and do things by the book
but this time he was right and I was
wrong and I was wrong and I was wrong
and I was wrong so we got out the
measuring tape and it took us 18 hours
longer but we finally did it look guys
this is our family collage some of those
pictures are in the calendar but some of
them aren't and I love it what do you
think did we do it I did it
she's like I'm never coming over again
now we're gonna keep these pictures up
for 10 years because I'm never taking
these frames down just kidding
I'm sure we'll have to change them in
like two months cuz look how different
Dax already looks look at him little
teeth he looks totally different now
already that was in November and now
he's a whole different little baby boy
we have a Power Ranger on our hands is
that Where's Waldo Power Ranger
what yeah it is it is okay cool dude hey
Power Ranger come here come here
you're so adorable got stored gonna go
fight Emperor new Power Rangers fight
weird dinosaurs no there's a weird stuff
they fight Oh kiddo come here yeah are
you fighting go get them duh-duh-duh-duh
bow hi hey you like that mask what's on
your hands yeah marker all over your
hands little it's cheese do that cheese
from its Erin lund and day Abbott ran
errands for a long time cuz I usually
just drive stop it anyways I need to
stop here and get me a pretty fast fresh
sub Jim John's cuz I'm star I have not
oh do I look skinny guys I have lost
weight I'm under a hundred and ninety
pounds which is I haven't been under 190
for a while that's what the flu will do
to you you ever heard that saying huh
you're heard I'm not what's it what's a
hey I am one stomach flu away from my
goal weight haha that's not funny either
alright here we go what score two to one
who's winning I just want to make sure
seek will help dude by our playing some
soccer and low energy oh crap brought
you ready here ready go Brock you ready
Oh No kick it to me kick it here Oh No
kick it out Brock oh dear - - okay guys
we're gonna score he is ready to score
my legs go around I'm a squirrel okay
you guys agree to that
it's how the movies want to do okay here
we go let me come up some lung first
protein okay here we go
uh what's squirt do kids be faking it
that's a genuine goth my friend here we
go
excuse me a fake coffin I have emphysema
I think I spy a hawk see over on that
fence post hold on let's go in for a
closer look
oh yeah it's a big Hawk right there see
over oh okay that's a huge Hawks down
that fence post over there see him
that's awesome here he goes there he
goes look at him that's a big bird whoo
or is he going there is is he looking
for food
that's cool oh yeah maybe he's gonna
he's gonna dive down and get a squirrel
all right what's the score 3-2 what are
we going to five okay your ball
are you paying attention you're gonna
have to build one of these when he's
done do you girls know how to build
paper airplanes Kevin makes it good
paper airplane yeah rock is always
asking us to make paper airplanes and
I'm like your brother will do it
airplane all right it's movie night
we're gonna go see Tomorrowland with
George Clooney I'm excited to see this
movie I've heard good things about it
were you so we're excite working there
we go here to the movie I have no idea
what's going on behind my head but I'm
sure I'll see you later I'm editing this
I punch your face and I'm gonna do
speaking of I go by I just EADS new book
justine send me one yo oh she texted me
I'll text you back Justine I love you
Tomorrowland loved it great message are
you a believer
are you a dreamer do you think that we
can change this world I do I believe we
can change it it's not a horrible place
we can make an amazing place I locked
that movie everybody needs that message
believe that message hey guys sorry for
the lack of vlog footage I was starting
to feel better the other day but I just
have this cough that will not go away
it's this constant tickle and I'm
coughing coughing coughing it's gonna be
the worst headache like neck and
shoulders are all cramped up and tensing
up and it's the worst man I do not
recommend it to anybody
thanks for watching our videos blah blah
blah
O'Casey Monday by
