dude this is from Tim Ferriss can't wait
to see this must be valuable rocks run
11 miles an hour you ready
here we go go I did it
hi hi hi guys we made a truck and the
maid tunnel is come around over here
Jackson was watching come look in the
tunnel
those are our guys in there with our
dinosaur that down is walk and talk
coming in Paris
so since tiles are track by you guys are
on the tunnel you guys are gonna be in
the tunnel right guys
Oh dangerous oh no are you gonna get
runs over let's go get runned over
Oh No I'll save the day today ah I did
it now coming in the tunnel again
oh no I conserve the dirt boy so yeah
that's a track it's like this camera
come
whoo dachshund I'm gonna come and see
you can come and look over here
dachshund career look right here it's
not cool oh no but I got crush oh no
dang it
train got crashed he fix it oh no gosht
it's from the stinky thing oh my gosh
inside the wheels no you're not good
people pick me there nope and really
screaming cuz really out cuz tracking
was so happy but with that question do
Lou hey daddy got a special package you
I got a ball
hi if you've never met me before mache
and I like tacky
dude this is from Tim Ferriss what did
you send me Tim Ferriss
this must be valuable it is this is Tim
Ferriss new book oh but you said
something else there's a big book
send me Tim big good wool has a mammoth
on it
Touche and fam that's you guys you don't
get to have any of this this is all for
me but you just had to say that so you
guys you don't feel bad what is this
Santa Fe Stoneworks
oh wow that's nice would you say
pocketknife I really love that it's
really cool that is good old Tim man
look at that like ivory and grain that's
like we're late so nice oh my gosh look
at that that is quality right there
 I brought a knife that awesome you
know that just joking yeah man what do
you say when you grab a knife I'll be
careful
you have your tomans Shep Mayer badge
never taught me a badge whenever you
would grab a knife you're supposed to
say thank you and that way the person
that's handing you the knife knows that
you have it so you don't drop it once
you have it in your hand yeah but once
it's in your hand you say thank you look
at this man that is awesome and you're
in that but I don't know this is a shame
you're a prince and a scholar thanks so
much for being part of this and I hope
you enjoy it much love to you and yours
Tim okay Brent on am I in this book
I'm in this book now you're gonna take
you out to read it honor my query it is
oh yeah I did attend out in the Yale Tim
Ferriss there I am oh my gosh that's so
good
awesome looking market that's awesome
that's that's awesome thanked him being
in this book is a huge huge honor
again tools of titans the tactics
routines and habits of billionaires
icons world-class performers and chubby
bearded guys oh yeah good that's a good
opening things I love the colors of this
book and it's here so cool anyways he's
taking his podcast and all of the
amazing interesting successful people
he's interviewed he's put all of this
stuff right here and so this is
literally like a guide to if you wanna
you know follow the footsteps of people
that you look up to all of their tips
and tricks are right here in this book
it's just embarrasses new book it's huge
so cool dude I love just like the smell
of it you love it in the color like I'm
gonna fight it for a wrestling bite it I
don't know why it's just like I saw it
you know I mean I just feels good in
your add the good book I've actually
smells like from the air
you guys look I'm in this book aqua ink
Carl that's me thank you Tim yeah thank
you awesome got a card too
can I see the card look at this I forgot
to show the card Santa Claus is coming
to town Santa Claus is coming to town
Santa Claus is coming anyways that's a
really cool card he says che and fam
this is for you guys Merry Christmas and
Happy Holidays it's never too early for
Santa May 2017 bring you all peace
wisdom and 18 pack abs yes please I need
timba that's awesome thank you Tim guys
go get tim ferriss his new book whoa
cool you can pick it look at that I was
very creative look at you oh you ever
have a bunch of packing peanuts and
you're like oh they're just scattered
everywhere how do I get them all
together just like that oh yeah dude
you're an engineer I'm proud of you
what's good here will pop every one of
those for me please good lot okay maybe
a few first sign okay Quincy build on we
add a huge
I think it's Christmas for Shay dude I
got another batch Julian Julian sulamita
sent me who's this official pin he's so
cool free radicals business shy had such
a blast hanging out in Toronto I feel
lucky to be friends with such an amazing
person and family these are my pins I
just dropped you can take them or you
can take them or let or watch your kids
fight over them they're not that cool
much love Julian Thank You Julian
awesome they are cool so Julian has
these pins vlogger cloud lover father of
small Greyhound you guys go check out
Julian's pins I like that one that's
in a bottle of a popsicle I'll put a
link down below man presents we cool
people like like going to the P o box
alright I am doing raspberry freezer Jam
I've never made it before but we bought
a bunch of raspberries so we're going to
make some raspberry jam today I always
think that Jam is the best when it's
homemade but I've never ever can't if
you can't believe it I mean I'm sure
many of you have never came before but
my mom was like a huge canner so I'm
surprised that I've never actually tried
it lame so now we're just going to make
some freezer jam I'm not actually
canning but someday I'm going to I
actually want to talk Shea's grandma
into canning with me because she makes
the best this like chili pepper sauce
it's so good sweet chili pepper sauce oh
that's the best I could drink it anyways
um yeah I'm making jam and I found these
little blue jars or the cutest things I
mean so we're gonna make jam in these
blue jars aren't you good huh are you
Betty Jo make yeah yes hold on focus
okay okay alright guys so we're putting
this raspberry jam that mom made it's
really good really good yeah a lot of
sugar not a ton I mean all the recipes
you hooked up call for more sugar than
raspberries but yeah I just wanted to
have as much sugar yeah it'll be
delicious
here try to hold this well you hold that
with one hand
alright yeah we show them okay yeah I
can try I'll tell you one all right so
we're using this paper plate because I
don't have a funnel we're just for good
Cheers
Dumont up next I'd say I just googled a
recipe and probably find freezer jamol's
whines oh yeah turns out okay cool haha
okay we actually have to let it sit for
24 hours before we try it it has to
set up something how to do something
while it's in the jars so we can't get
we're not going to try it on toes
tonight well maybe you will a little bit
ok guys I had so many raspberries I'm
making another batch I could go through
and smash all the raspberries just
enough not too much does not don't look
delicious it is delicious it smells very
fresh it smells like summertime now we
just know it's getting cold how cool
does it really there's lived
hmm alright alright alright alright what
are we gonna do exercise so um we got
matching treadmills cuz me and Colette
just signed up to run a half marathon in
January I got her to agree to do a half
marathon with me and I need it bad so I
shoes on then we put some miles on these
uh running sidewalks these moving
sidewalks we got okay let's do it let's
get a sweat on really get a sweat on bed
let's get a flood on and get some
calories off okay here we go ah all
right
brach is gonna show us how he can run
ten miles an hour
Wow
ten miles an hour okay grab on making me
nervous but see ten miles an hour that's
really fast little guy littles little
legs good job
hey guys and we'll work it out here's
mom dad training
what are you doing accent you're
dropping awesome
so we've discovered a little flash on
our hands
ready Azumi running 11 miles per hour
today for you Roxton run 11 miles an
hour
you ready here we go go
11 miles an hour oh it's really good
rock who can you write 11 miles an hour
on a tournament
that's impressive did Lana know I was
asking a vacant I don't know natural
nails watching news you guys listen to
Kevin Schwantz makeup
sounding good you doing your homework
just singing and doing some homework huh
all right I'll look at this guy dude I
think that is his spit I think he's
drilling anyone to itch his face and
that's all of his spit oh man so what
are you singing that in choir are you
gonna sing it
oh you get to audition well you're
sounding good looking smart and handsome
oh you're such a good kid you must have
a good dad think I'm a complete removal
here
let's help a brother out should we come
here come here lay right there that
better all right you droppin Cooper so
what I know you taking a nap I love you
buddy
I love you supermom super blurry moan
focus on the moon super moon wow look at
the sky there's a rainbow around it Wow
you're seeing this without rainbow
around the moon seat don't Park I think
Jesus is coming back you don't bark when
Jesus is coming back
gotta be Reverend look dad hopefully you
saw the super moon apparently that's the
closest it's been to the earth in 70
years
crazy crazy times crazy things happen
and love you guys thanks for watching
the shade
vlog good news do you guys remember a
few days ago when colette and carly and
Kaylee the hotness and hairspray crew
were working on a new music video guess
what I heard just from the editing Bay
it's going live today so check out I've
seen the rough cut of it it's really
good the girls came up with this all
themselves Carly Kayleigh and Colette
like they wrote it and Colette was in
there directing up a storm it's really
good so go to the moms view YouTube
channel youtube.com slash the moms view
and they have this really hilarious
Thanksgiving music video that they're
uploading today so check that out and
I'll see you tomorrow okay thumbs up
love you thanks bye
