I'm alive just bare hey hey hi guys hey
Carl here umm right Matt do you see you
right Matt I'll show you I'll show you
where madness there's rocks there's a
zekiel it's all stretched out
hey hey Dan what got a sword no hey
darling
I like your baby hi Lovelace hey Tim
Deegan is that Tim Deegan
ah all right
we think babe do you prove prove yeah
Danny
so remind Colette of what it was like in
high school I remember once you got
bullied all between yeah yeah yeah you
know that Tim you Canadian
anyways studio tour guys the studio
we've been working our butts off Danny
mostly has built this gym came we're
gonna build the desk
Gavin's gonna bounce a basketball and
Bronx is gonna have three legs that's a
deal
let her do prom see I like to rub his
nub for luck he likes it he likes it
he's like oh yeah I rode my nerve I
liked it I like when you're up a nerve
che
yeah CheY rub that now what so Tim
showed up and we put them to work
building this desk looks good I can't
wait this is the podcast desk guys so we
will be doing podcast very soon laminate
the edges and then we're going to and
then we're gonna stain the top with like
a dog we got a darker walnut and then
we're just gonna put a lacquer on here
let me sweet we're gonna have a podcast
back up and running very Maris Casey and
Caylee are home so we're stealing their
trampoline time No thank you sick I'm
too tired daddy is on the mend
daddy can barely hold this camera up
right now
oh man I'll tell you what being sick
sucks
and it reminds me of all the people out
there who have to suffer illness and
it's like yeah like chronic illness that
you know they can't do anything about
that just you just get man this sucks
you really take your health for granted
until you lose it and you're like man I
really like be able to just walk around
for real though I mean I just think
about people to have to suffer sickness
you know like you forget you forget how
good it feels to be healthy and I'm not
talking like a cold like you wake up
with a runny nose and got it sniffles
you take a few Tylenol and you feel
better I'm talking like your poop in
your pants hogging the brim of the
toilet gushing your guts out and you
just beg for relief just for it to go
away and you're just trying to do
anything you can to feel better and I
just think there's so many people that
are suffering every day and you know
people that are suffering that don't
have medical supplies that like can't
even do any
thing I think about our friend Molly who
passed away and I think bless her heart
she suffered pain and I'm so
uncomfortable
so my heart goes out to everybody who
suffers from illness because it sucks
man take care of your bodies you guys
you only get one of them health is so
important Oh anyways I'm feeling a
little bit better but I'm kind of
grateful that I was sick I was I was I
haven't been this sick I tweeted that
and I'm not exaggerating I haven't been
this sick in 10 years I don't know what
it was but I'm glad it happened because
it's like humbled me kind of it's like
oh man
I kind of like reroute your priorities
like what's really important life your
family you know I haven't been on the
internet and I got on I'm like oh people
have been talking about Bruce Jenner it
looks like I was scrolling through my
facebook I'm like oh my gosh this is a
firestorm it's like looking at all that
vitriol all that fighting so much
fighting it's like that's not worth our
time people there's people that are sick
that are suffering and we're fighting
over whether a dude wants to wear a
dress or not it's not important we have
people that are suffering they can't
people in Nepal they can't even feed
their kids be grateful for your health
and help others and love others anyways
alright ladies we got some business
owners here all right I recently
purchased some a 4th of July bands let's
see here best bracelets is that the name
of your business okay thank you very
much ladies and earlier before they made
the bracelets I had to sign up ahead to
their seventy-five cents apiece and I
had to pick how many I wanted and of
course I bought more than mom because I
support my kids more
all right ladies thank you we're open
that up and wear it I appreciate it but
I can do in business with you yeah this
is where I upload videos sometimes
because my internet sucks and I have to
plug in this and the wireless doesn't
work so I have this great big house and
this is where I do my work right in here
got it all right I'm gonna open this now
from the girls maybe this cute little
packaging golly
take it up it okay I purchased three red
white and blue bins oh look at these
where this America that's for America
out there you ask me you walk up to me
you say che what's that for I say is for
Merck okeydoke
anyways do you like yours let me see
yours can you say what's that for right
Wow
no you say miracle Merrick no Brock
listen you gotta say like this Oh
miracle like that milk yeah I like that
I like that growl it's for miracle you
walked up you see me on the street I'm
eating a snow cone you see you walking
down the street I'm eating a great snow
cone you see this brace I said what's
that right but it's a miracle that's a
cup too much energy
oh I'm not fully healed yet what dude
you crazy monkey Colima joeys yeah this
looks good it's Burger Central up in
here
good let's turn this on shall we the
crew
it's precarious
this is what summertime is all about any
attack
in
that's the way to do it super cool what
are they doing do you want to do that -
yeah I bet - you're next
that's just working the land it's dad
weird
oh it feels good to be semi back to
health the land of the living I was oh I
don't ever want that I don't wish that
upon anybody such a miserable existence
laying in bed coughing and other bodily
functions anyways thanks for your
support I had I read a ton of very
supportive messages from you guys tweets
comments on the yesterday's vlog thank
you so much definitely could feel your
prayers strengthening me and so I really
that means a lot to me thank you for
your patience and for you guys wishing
me to get well I'm feeling a lot better
so I appreciate it we'll see you guys
tomorrow back it's a farrier
