hi guys hey guys we're in California
still what no no whining no that's not
part of what we do sure no it's not wait
it is your turn it's his turn you
already went it sister
we're playing gasps jurors this is one
of my favorite I guess is it guess
traceur gestures I guess it's rough its
history cuz you're guessing gestures
anyways it's like charades basically but
I used to play as I said kid and I loved
it so we're playing daddy is sick so
he's not with us I'm vouching for Shea
right now he's super sick he has got a
fever and the chills and I've given him
medicine but the fever has not subsided
yet so I put him to bed I'm sorry
there may not be a vlog tomorrow but I
think he's amazing because he edited and
put up a vlog today even when he was so
so so sick so please have some mercy and
some compassion I told him to go to bed
so he's resting it's Brock's tired go do
the action that's what you do ring ring
finger
what is it yet beard but on a we may
have heard nothing running it we can
grab it by riding a bike waving waving
goodbye wave hi um Rocky
hi hi run you do great wait beer beer
beer Duffy Taylor I'm sorry you don't
get to play but you look glowing in that
outfit today
I know right
thank you I just killed it top but
nobody's body so I guess I can't prove
it next time you'll see I'm professional
rock right over there we keep a winking
eye hitting on I'm not sure what you're
going
my india picked all the hard ones i'm so
everyone run away baby okay things
growing flowers flowering oh good I did
it arm bicep muscle
shapely right
burping okay miss flower and the
sickness bump live should I not do
Richard Carey love love it was the last
one was the third you have to go sour
face shower
yeah you don't eat warheads okay let's
see yourself a sour face Thank You
shower baby all right
Gavin's getting in the zone it's gonna
kill it
okay perfume drinking water is laughs
walking a tightrope uh to balancing
balancing don't beat teeth attention
checking our tooth dental work brushing
your teeth out
toothache cavities those are the hard
ones no good good so good jumper don't
go team Greg good job
okay now it's mommy's turn hi sound
little sick so it's mom's turn
she is something okay let's go okay
the other one was erased
oh I drew it and then I picked up the
eraser supply I don't know either we're
on set at Mommy & Me
yeah you're in here well you do have to
have that you do it is the time of year
I'm like whoa it just feel like we're in
the sunlight right now so I think that
we do need to have sunblock on god these
lights are so bright anyways we're doing
our must-have items were Mommy and Me
stay tuned check it out or whatever
other is listening to me I'm and turn
the camera like a beach babe it's been a
long day and he has give me that look oh
yeah that's a good Apple huh later dude
what do you guys think about not
sleeping I should cut his hair I usually
give my name's haircut like I don't
really do the long hair thing for the
boys I usually let the girl's hair grow
and trim a little bit but I think that
wait let his grow out I've never done
that with any
baby boys do you want to grow your hair
out for a minute I mean it usually gets
like really short up top and the nullity
back here so let me just have a baby
mullet I'm not sure if it's cute or if
it's a little bit ugly just let me know
in the comments below what you guys
think should accent have a mullet or
should I cut it thing cut so you clean
cut your hair what do you want Daxton to
cut your hair you want to cut your hair
we're doing to grow it shut up mom I'm
eating an apple my god no it's no look
at these boys they're like drew a super
ed like can I have your dog really
that's cute
this room is so weird isn't it so I
pulled my computer cord out of my bag
after traveling look what I found
yeah it's a smashed-up granola bar I was
wondering where that went
that's what happens when you travel with
kids you know anyway so we're back from
our trip to LA I'm not sure what kind of
photos were gonna have guys I'm so sorry
but Shea is like plague status he can't
even sit up he's been lying in bed all
day he can't keep anything down he's got
a high fever and he hasn't touched his
phone that's how I know he's truly truly
like deathly sick he hasn't even looked
at his phone he's just been lying there
trying to sleep so he's really really
sick I
there's gonna be a blog tomorrow I don't
know when this is gonna be up but I just
want you guys to know that I'm taking
good care of him he is going to be back
to normal soon if he still feels the
same way in the morning we're gonna take
him to the doctor because he's been sick
for at least four days pretty bad sucks
you better not get sick dude you keep
eating those fruit healthy things and
you won't get sick maybe right just
don't do it please
that's one of those things that like
everybody in the house has been getting
sick I haven't gotten it yet if I get
sick we're flatlined guys we have to
stay afloat somehow pray for the Shea
jars were dying just kidding
we have a friend here though control
moves be soft in the computer hello
awhile yes you can try it if you don't
think your nose and go wash your hands
before you touch to the target ease
any of those for nothing like that that
up there and down there I got it I got
it I'm gonna do it give me the guitar I
didn't do it so Tim is here from Canada
visiting and I feel bad she's just been
dead so he's been helping me with the
kids he's been very helpful
I'm you went to the horse races today
with Lori and that was exciting so I
think that we're going to have a movie
marathon tonight watch them back to the
future
and hopefully my baby was better soon
say good morning Shaytards what balloons
right over there you love balloons
you're like a balloon radar man mmm can
you say hey Shaytards
no that's not even close today we are
out shopping for somebody's very special
worth hmm
totally Berta Carly's birthday is this
week I'm excited and the kids are all
testing all the perfumes very much is
mom okay don't spray it up your nose
it's not good can't so we're here oh I'm
definitely smelling stuff we're just
dying here at the perfect mile Carly do
you want some perfume okay what you want
okay you tell us what you think don't
spray it on him and you don't you like
Oh Sam you gotta like spread it out like
we're all gonna smell very pretty by the
time we go home can I smell it guy smell
it Gavin what should we get car that's
for her birthday okay stop inhaling all
of the perfume please whoa those
bad guys
a superhero - okay screw it
what a day I love summer look how green
it is guys the grass is so green it's so
pretty
I'm gonna go jump down let's not be
quite Batman oh yes nexton who are you
who you want me you bet man - OH
Oh Batman
wow you're the cutest pair of
superheroes ever touch me okay like I
got to step in instead of jumping
normally good pizza but some pizzas
thank you you're a good superhero
remember to shut the door for me hey did
you see this video that I edit it I did
it I edited it okay I'm gonna go back to
bed now
bye
