I'm about to show the family this new
intro that we uploaded yesterday I'm
gonna use so I just used it today again
I think this is in the future so I don't
know what will happen between now and
then anyways I'm about to show them this
intro for the first time I sit down
today it's just nice action you know who
are you it was the psychotic laugh of
your six-year-old did you just still
like licorice are you the dirty licorice
dealer who has been sighs I like nice oh
I'm about to child abuse you but I know
your dirty kids are dirty their
groceries yeah yummy you're gonna have a
bath after this too so so so guys what's
up
I'm gonna cut all that out I'll cut all
this out all right cut J I guess I gonna
edit it out but that's not real and this
was a real life what's for dinner I'm
starvin what I meant to say is how can I
help you prepare dinner for our family
my love oh okay that's what I meant to
say I'm sorry
hey what-what would you like that case I
know you tell me upstairs watching
videos let me know what it's ready
oh okay okay it's time to eat it did
Dean there with the family yo sitter
guys is it delicious what do you have in
there some poppy seed dressing baby tard
dinner time with grandma card grandma I
got you do I grab watch you know what
gah what's hard everybody on the shade
blogs loves you you know that kiss don't
do don't kiss my mom you pervert miss me
just kiss me once just please one two
and lips amen brother
you just got noticed in the mall where
they say to you those girls what they
say to you so we're putting that you
remember we're just walking by and
they're pointing at us they go that's a
Shaytards would you kiss the girl if
there's a girl that you liked do you
think you're ready to kiss depends on
what I'm the girl that's what I'm saying
like if it was a girl that you liked and
you're ten years old do you think you're
ready to have your first kiss at ten
years old
dude I guess can give me kisses can give
me kisses little man all right fine but
head like my butt does it look fat in
these shorts yeah definitely but not as
big as mine mines you mungus you know
how big it is he knows seriously yours
is gigantic
okay let's shake our big fat butt here
we go yeah
shake that booty at the park come here
I'm your uncle silly later if I've dog
like when I'm editing them later Shh
shut up
stop laughing hey guys tired of our
airport journeys how many times have you
been through an airport with the
Shaytards on an airplane through airport
security seeing the kids there all their
backpacks and another successful trip
through airport security without any
events or touchdowns I mean rub downs I
mean what do they do with no touchdowns
centered I told you how to go for the
field goal this is this is the main area
of the airport we are the only people I
think our plane runs on dreams and fairy
dust that's how we're gonna get out of
here fairy dust and happy thoughts Oh
Sun guard takes it a carpet burns dip
that's the play nice safety safety and
touch the plane touch the plane he's
ready to touch the outside of the plane
if you guys haven't heard me say this
this is like my new thing and I've done
it for years but I've just started
talking about it on YouTube literally
like ever since I was 12 I came up with
in my mind I was like it'd be cool to
touch the outside of the plane like
where the air is was flying so that is
how you ensure a safe flight is by
touching the outside of the plane
say bye Los Angeles
by Los Angeles
oh cool we love our baby so much so we
would do it li hao's nice was I brave I
think so
it was very brave because I love you she
was brave five times you want to see
yourself be born that's you
this is the vlog where everybody should
walk our lives
hey I'm logging here if you're getting
horrible footage right now yeah that is
bad footage there's there's nothing cool
to see what you're filming that's lame
dude you're light with your Lighting's
all off you're not holding their riot
it's anti directional and tighter action
what does that mean hey stop yelling at
the kids I'm gonna vlog Hey stop yelling
two kids from it I'm gonna vlog hi Carly
excuse me I'm vlogging here quiet I'm
vlogging
hey guys did you six years ago
there was a video of me deciding we got
a tax return deciding whether we should
pay off the debt that we owed on this
van we had a loan and I have like 2,500
dollars left over to pay it off and I
was asking these guys I'm like guys I
got this tax return of 3,000 bucks
should I a pay off this fan blow and so
the Vans paid off whore by a jetski
Obama came through for me baby we've got
the cash so we're gonna go spend it you
don't want to keep cash you want to get
rid of it as soon as possible
so taking all your comments into
consideration and now I'm gonna go do
with this money
I think is right
there's a lot better to clean it when I
own it
I'm surprised how many of you said pay
off the van Pantha van and that was what
I was gonna do all along no matter what
you guys said but I just wanted to test
you and you passed you Charlie
you win chocolate the factory it's yours
that's a wrap that's a wrap but your
beard is awesome and your kids are
awesome and your wife is
oh
