we ride it little man Cintiq throw red
he took a hard car now that was a big
nap huh
you were like stone cold that's how I
feel and that too why am I talking like
this oh I know why because we were
watching Pistol Pete you guys ever seen
pistol pistol Pete's an old movie by a
basketball player I reckon hi are you
ready to go alright ready to go oh good
and they all are sufficiently sized to
incite correct size for each person and
this is gonna be my pokken nice it was
to hear or turn it around and show them
what it is Shawn she gave it up
Cecily says leave should we flog should
we walk our lives
we should via loads gos will do it every
boat that means foggy uh you know we're
headed right now it's weird to be in Los
Angeles it's already in this van right
you know Betsy let's just gotten us
through many a for many a time we belong
Bessie Lou here I'll tell your finger to
about questions look at food when we
were driving to go have Brock it was in
this fan and six years ago there was a
video of me deciding we got a tax return
deciding whether we should pay off the
debt that we owed on this van we had a
loan and I had like twenty five hundred
dollars left over to pay it off and I
was asking these guys I'm like guys I
got this tax return of three thousand
bucks
should I a pay off this fan blow and so
the vans paid off or buy a jet ski and
guess what we did we bought this van
well have you ever seen a jet ski in the
vlogs
no no well maybe dammit
still mad about that hey what what's the
smartest decision here guys let's think
about it so this is our jet ski that
were chance yeah California right now no
I can fit seven P with an eight people
on our jet ski seriously you're gonna
find another jet ski like that it's best
it all Betsy we're jet ski and down and
Andy okay so we have really cute kids in
the back first look at him look at him
would you love it look at her look at
what we made guys guys guys guys hey
guys look we made these hello friends
the shades are here in the beach and
this little guy doesn't know how he
feels about sandy and he's a little bit
weirded out by it it's kind of funny but
look at the blue airplane look at the
airplane look
we haven't found any see shows yet but
that's a fun thing to look for oh you
found some already holy bouncing big
ones and some broken ones and some curly
that's pretty good job put it back you
me okay well I won't steal your
seashells man don't worry about it
this baby does not want to touch the
water it's not a secret Merman very
little not oh that was so pretty look I
found this one too I love the colors
okay you'll love this water but I don't
blame you it's my family today
okay I will wash it so the girls playing
over here you can do it come on see the
Rockies left a towel get out there and
play on us I'd missed it a V just
totally hung ten
she's a rad dude at nice wave brah she's
awesome
what happened babe are you okay it's
summertime recipe and I have a view okay
so you're so handsome
all right we're playing play this guy
it's about to go down
me and Gavin all right check it out we
got some goals what are we going to huh
I'm Pele I call you Messi I knew it John
pehle so he's the best of all time what
are we going to first of five dominate
this kid pitch sandy pitch go right
there oh oh I gave you that one for the
camera but turn this bad boy off
wouldn't work
okay you guys do something cool cuz I'm
rolling now do something cool cuz I'm
rolling
Oh oh that was close Wow all right here
we go
Gavin against mom eater don't give up
any goals oh nice move right off the bat
Colette
don't let him score be so mad no they're
gonna let him score attagirl attagirl oh
nice shot get him get back on defense
oh he's gonna score babe
Kevin Butler with the fancy footwork oh
nice
oh no Colette that's the light oh that's
a close one
good good job good job good job
oh my goodness look at what I found
that's the weirdest sound very thing
I've ever seen
that looks hilarious what the heck is it
you headed mermaid I don't know if it's
ever strange looks like babe you're
looking hot yeah beautiful yes see my
wife all right as most of you know Gavin
had his foot fixed so now he's soaking
it he has to soak her twice a day in
Epsom salt and dachshund now feels like
he needs to do the same so I got two
foot shoppers try to push a young one
time I left it out and he came in sat in
it so it's kind of girls like so we just
got his an in his own and he's just just
sitting here you like something your
foot Jackson Jackson does that feel good
yeah he's at war he covers it
he knows guys oh yeah that's good he
wants me just like his big brother it's
put soap in party ha ha ha you guys are
so cute I kicked got a soccer ball the
fountain yeah now you got to get it what
you gonna do now you're stuck in the
middle hey all right
dang it you got it all right we're gonna
go get some food right mom left us
you're leaving me hanging bro moms at
the moms view at maker studios filming
with the ladies so it's me Gavin and the
girls and then Colette has Brock and
accents so we
II have a car so we're walking to go
find some food somewheres okay so if you
heard the end slate and you listened to
all of the NCAA yesterday you know that
why we are here Gavin and I are meeting
with a ghostwriter who is helping us
write a book and Gavin here has some of
the early manuscripts of this oh this is
interesting
Gavin's feelings and we got three three
and a half pages full of writing that
were actually coming here to the lobby
of the ghostwriter and we're meeting her
to give her today's writings so we write
every day Gavin and I write every day
and then we meet with her and she kind
of helps us put it all together because
I've just got meeting to write this book
for so long and I haven't had the chance
because I'm so busy doing so many other
things finally I'm like you know what
I'm just gonna swap bite the bullet and
hire a ghostwriter somebody who writes
books professionally who can come and
help us just finish it because you know
I I've never written a book so I know
how to write stuff I don't know how to
like organize it and all that kind of
stuff so she's helping us with that and
Gavin's killing it he's writing and then
we're chatting with this lady every day
and then she takes notes over the stuff
that we talked about so he wrote this
afternoon and now we're here at our
ghost writers hotel to give her that
writing there she is her Sally right now
all right we are in Osage listen love is
right going swimming what do you want
I'm gonna take a picture do you want me
to take a picture of you yeah all right
ready I'm gonna I'm gonna remember this
moment forever ready I'm gonna I'm gonna
snap a picture hold on snapping a
picture in time of your brother okay
just SEC ready one two get ready smile
and I will always remember this moment
right now hey I love you hey ah you're
okay too
haha all right Taylor you're gonna go
swimming we're going swimming
summertime if she babysitting Taylor
Swift is babies I didn't think of that
why do they think of that thing it
alright what yes sir give us money boy
I'm gonna jump I bet you are dude and
guess who's gonna catch you my god - I
was going to AME she doesn't have time
to record this wing duh I know I'm sorry
guys my head I'm just I'm jet-lagged
jet lag oh dang it what person under
three feet toes been wearing my trypsin
hat this is yours
where's yawning I can what a generous
daughter yeah they call me down that's
how known and my crew and by my crew of
me my kids when I take them to school
yeah I'm cool I got them rollerblades or
the fanny packs to hold my shame got
snacks
pita butter and Griffin came this one
crazy day
