just went potty oh boy
how's the long drive to the airport now
we're headed a California my mr. man
it's so cool
you ready go on another airplane flight
hey guys tired of our airport journeys
how many times have you been through an
airport with the Shaytards on an
airplane through airport security seeing
the kids there all their backpacks hey
why are we going to California
Lucy sesame oh that's right that's the
reason
Cecily we're coming all right with all
this tricks and gear dude this is my
favorite is there another one of these
yeah I think that one was mine fighting
over the tricks and adds layers I like
the yellow and the other ones my
favorite
walk around the other bar okay the first
one to score a goal on 53b gate 53 B is
your goal gate 54 C is your goal ready
here we go go go go
all right get my Butler head to the
airport
hold it go ahead
go get him dude keep that ball Brock oh
the game's moving oh gee you're right
you tried to slide tackle Gavin you
tried to slide tack them into the
Starbucks because you can't run and
tackle your brother with your head bro
that's a little life rule you learn here
put this on your helmet neck pillow baby
genic pillow you don't need one
there we go there now you can sleep on
there the NEEMO neck pillow huh I've
never seen those let me see
no you could try it on for set though I
know well you can't have everything you
want
that's the rule can you put it back now
thank you you know I always get what you
want huh sometimes you gotta say no hum
Brock
huh yeah you like moved on it's like
okay what else class four hot steam
maybe it's me auntie mom can I have this
mom I'm just getting ready to go three
boys
he's a California now he has a
girlfriend
the kids want to go to Dave & Buster's
Oh somebody got the baby
Gavin Gavin the baby oh what a good
brother what a good big brother
tried to make a run for it huh I saw you
I was like look there's a there's a it's
not and then he saw it turn around five
good to meet you that's how long could
you buy that yeah the house no way
see you guys at first spot even tricks
it out in public you're awesome give me
the video yeah see you guys they were
just getting off the bus and we're
getting on the bus and she came walking
in in my mind I was like I'm gonna watch
her people in the airport to see if
anybody has tricks and clothing like I
was consciously thinking that as they're
walking I'm like she's calm when she the
tricks in her that was that's actually
was a big goal of mine
that's really currently awesome I think
spying on hats and ask your name which
painting it
we're on the shuttle it's the main
baggage area these two
he is watching out the window ma'am can
you please not drop your backpack on the
ground Thank you very
my people
Oh
I try
Wow airplane
I know I was like are we supposed to be
right here that's a giant airplane
there goes check it out
Wow rock the ball get the ball Rock oh
nice shot
sorry ma'am sorry Gavin don't want beach
all right here
Los Angeles California when I'm you guys
age my grandma brought me back something
that I really loved
so hopefully you'll like it as much a
little Hawaiian boy he's worked for me
ever since
Mahalo amigo say your flowers pink and I
think this is a house person something
I'm not sure I'll put them on can I wear
this one bra your nose you can't get a
Hawaii president if you have boogers and
offenders are they girl that you know
they're boy things those are for men
they're called gooeyness and this a
necklace that only a guy wears and
Mahalo means thank you Mahalo boy see
that hair yeah there's a prison
for a tiny boy look did you want a
pineapple sorry Los Angeles at our
apartment
Leslie brought presents for the kids and
it is a beautiful day feels so good to
be here
first chilling out and the door to go I
can open that door and you can open this
door to put your surfboard or your
towels inside come on we're not jumping
up in your leg
why do I got a baby I know alright
alright alright alright here we are
hey I actually got to tell a funny thing
that Gavin said right before we came
over here so we still I'm sure I don't
know if you've noticed or not I have not
bought you guys a wedding present so
we're gonna come over and me and Colette
were like we should get them a present
and Gavin says what you say it's better
hearing us talk about all these ideas we
have for presents
so Gavin's like you still haven't gotten
um a present so we were embarrassed to
come over because we just haven't got
him a wedding present anyways they're
playing Fifa it's a tight match I told
Phil I need him to beat up on Gavin on
FIFA because Gavin always beats me
it makes fun of me
I don't know so I'm trying to call in
the big guns to take Gavin out and
they're uh they're in an intense match
right now it's zero zero we'll let you
know
I'll let you know who wins fil your
manhoods online Philip actually plays
video games for a living so amongst
other things to other things you having
fun
Jackson's terrorizing the defranco
household don't break anything the girls
are still in the swimming pool it's dark
outside and they're still swimming today
this little puppy he is trying to get
pizza from this little boy the pizza
following dog well I called the right
guy Phil is in the lead 5 to 0 how could
you beat a kid that bad Phil we are such
a ruthless what's that buddy 7 years old
I was playing regular Nintendo my dad
and I was letting him win uh-huh then he
actually started winning and I cried
that's good Gavin come on dude let's go
get your head in the game right Gavin
usually always wins
we definitely need somebody to beat him
humbling oh no he's being humbled now
anyways FIFA World Cup action going on
here 2015 on the pitch Oh Billy D shoot
oh just misses he's mad he's mad
all right good game good sportsmanship
Gavin lost 8-0
all right my turn come on Phil you're
going down if you beat me by 12 then I'm
gonna tackle you all right we're home
we're watching Jared and Ellie's baby be
born congratulations
are you crying what other dawn the kids
I can feel what it felt like just
watching yeah so sweet and then
broadcast me totally asked me remember
is she so brave yes she is so brave
say le you are so brave you are such a
good mommy
it's hard having babies on but we love
our babies so much so we would do every
how sometimes was I breathe I think so
she was very brave just because I love
you
she was brave five times Congrats well
so we're watching congrats Jared and
Ellie we're proud of you guys that's
cool yeah it's exciting great video too
it's fun keeps me on my toes I'll get in
here I'll get you pregnant again come on
we'll make another baby get in here and
get my loins man see you tomorrow
thanks for watching the Shaytards all
right because we just watched Jared and
Ellie's baby being born
Brock wants to watch himself come into
the world sorry we weren't vlogging back
then when you losers were born you want
to see yourself be born that's you this
is the vlog where everybody's got to
watch you be born do you know how many
people have watched this video it says
five five point eight million people Wow
yeah 5.8 million people I bet some
people I can't believe how many people
watch these videos right when we were
talking about that well it's all
serendipitous so I felt when you came
into the world brought a lot of more
poopy diapers see what he's gonna say no
all right well we're watching we're
watching our kids be born with our kids
maybe you've watched it a time or two
I'm gonna plug this in and put it in the
internet now come on come on come on
it's time to go on the internet here we
go yo guys sorry two days no vlog haha
my bad been really busy lots of meetings
you guys know that when we come to Los
Angeles we're usually packed book to
book back-to-back what do you say what's
the words that go here I can't remember
and then I woke up yesterday feeling
like crap and I felt even crappier today
excuse you don't care you just want to
see the content give me the good che I
don't care about your schedule and your
sicknesses I'm gonna see your cute
fireman our dude you'd be surprised at
the you know spectator
what's a club demographic spectator bill
a spectator we had a lot of guys
spectators that's not the right word
prospectors dang it ruin the joke you
would be surprised at the prospector
demographic that dictates the shrinked
are plunks a lot of old dudes in the
hills with pic and axe looking for gold
that tune into the Shaytards why are we
talking about this what's going on I am
dazed Averna nyquil is great stuff my
friend you dry some time okay good night
bye I will have a video up I hope to
have a video up tomorrow
Colette's at the mom's view at maker
studios all day she just sent me a hate
ow
so that means three four five six she's
not gonna be home until six you guys so
Gavin baby up we're on our own for
dinner guys
Colette has Brock and Daxton with Cecily
at maker and it's me Gavin an AV at hey
say bye say Oh Gavin tell these guys
what we're doing this weekend tell what
this is
oh we're writing a book that's right and
so me and Gavin have been meeting with
yes we have a ghostwriter we have a
ghostwriter that's helping us write a
book but we are writing a book together
so that's one of the things that we've
been working on and why we haven't put
up a video Avia would you like to say
anything
yeah maybe is kind of sick too yeah
Gavin woke up to me vomiting this
morning how was that Gavin to see your
dad bent over the toilet
glamorous not so much was it gross
that's weird thanks for the audio on
that bro we appreciate it all right
we're gonna go find some dinner I love
you guys thanks for watching our videos
hey let's talk for 20 more seconds I'm
gonna be a 20 minute episode then people
will love us when they see that it's 20
minutes that we like they love where are
we gonna go to dinner talk about that
somewhere walking distance cuz mom has
the van not a healthy choice alright
we'll find something okay 30 minutes I
love you guys
