Shaytards rewind a look back and what
the Shaytards have been doing every
single day for the last six years
how deep is it oh it's so cold
okay no Kevin you're so brave and strong
and we're father and daughter and for
God I love you daughter thank you oh hey
sorry bro dude nothing's gonna come
between us don't bro seriously I'm sorry
sons and fathers I love you though and
this buckets father to daughter to bride
lesson that I got from the book fair and
it said in the end one of them says
instant that she knows answer instant no
sis insist she not wear makeup until
she's in middle school that's actually
gonna be high school for you okay bro
sorry here I just I'm gonna do something
that I never did me baby charter I'm
gonna dress up all crazy like a bag on
her head or like a hat like error or or
something and we are going to show you
some of this chicks let's get started
hit it dinner Richards do this
baby what do you sing a song for us now
you are the most beautiful singer I'm so
proud of your song singer well you're
going to be and now before you break my
heart
stop in the name
before you break my
Oh cry don't cry hold together
and og computer parking garage in the
parking garage I thought everybody if
I'm pretending to kill my beard with his
video starts okay I am shaycarl hi nice
to meet you I this is my youtube story
this is the first computer that I ever
owned my life and I was 27 years old and
I have done every job Under the Sun I've
been a real estate agent like I said I
don't my own granite business radio DJ I
sold pest control door-to-door who knows
who knows where it's gonna go in the
next five to ten years thank you guys
thank you so much you can't even like I
said like Michael Buckley said you can't
even form the words to express the
gratitude that comes from being able to
do this and share our lives you know
with you guys and I appreciate you guys
watching and being a part of it and
hopefully there'll be a lot more to come
all right see if Shay can do this ring
muscle up all right let's see it
tomorrow we're gonna Club shayloss we're
gonna lose that I don't want to bring
shayloss up because I know so many of
you are mad at me about that so here's
what I'm gonna do today here's my goal
this is gonna be pretty big for me
because I haven't worked out at all the
most I've done is like playing softball
with my family on Mother's Day my goal
is to run around the track for x which
is one mile and then I think I don't
know Carly this might be really hard for
me so every time I run around the track
once I'm gonna run these stairs first
day is the hardest right first day is
the hardest here we go I weighed myself
this morning and I weigh 195 pounds
I should be around 180 I have gained 15
pounds so if you guys want to get back
on board if some of you have like fallen
off the wagon
have you fallen off the wagon I was
joyous I think is what it was I was like
we're frolicking on the beach together
what are you doing today
you usually frolic guess we just
graduated fourth grade Little Miss fifth
grader what's going on with that know
what you did show us what you did come
on
the watermelon dance the watermelon
dance baby Todd's doing the watermelon
dance the mummy bar dance the mummy Taj
dance
mummy mummy mom is doing the fun meet
Todd dance dance that is doing the going
balls dance anyway that's how you do it
dudes can you crawl in there Brock
sometimes I tell my kids to do things
that I actually want to do but can't
because I'm supposed to be an adult see
I wish I was a kid so I could do that at
least we're teaching in manners right
all right you hope
my hand this is my hand I could crush
his hurt be very careful you'll be so
careful his support his neck and his
head he got him he just fart you ready
to go to your last day of school today
is Brocks last day of school
hey is this your new home mr. roly-poly
this is where I hang out baby in a box
hey baby in a box Hey yeah baby for a
ride mom I'm bringing sexy back cos
that's a bong on your sweater young lady
it's Villa no I think that's a drug
reference you're wearing green pants
green pants and it's as bong somebody's
token the reefer looks like we are gonna
spend some money let a lot of motherhood
going on okay thank you guys for
watching this video as you see baby
turbos eating chips while she was dinner
by the way the new baby's a boy hi
really excited to have it yeah they
already knew them I just wanna be a boy
well I wonder bigger but I still like it
someone's taking a baby to school I
don't think you're allowed to have
babies at school love you I read you I
just love you guys and am I gonna get
like emotional right now
no but really I sincerely just feel like
I love you guys
I wouldn't we wouldn't be doing this
without you guys here so okay seriously
I love you
