it's summertime guess what that means
you need to start vlogging more well I
know them mom asked you to come help no
yeah I am working so what you need he's
got a sword watch out he's gone first
day summer first mega summer you know
it's the first day as the kids are your
lights up you guys if dude turn your
lights off it's not just free
electricity tell him you leave a room
turn the lights off ah come on brother
out oh it's a summer day it's a suddenly
summer day with the grass and the
kitties and the babies with the rocks
and the kid with the cup on a summer day
we'll leave you ain't wearing a coat why
are you wearing a coat because why I
don't need a coat dad you don't need a
coat but your hats cool
you look super cool dude I got cool kids
I wish it acted be like honk kids yeah
okay what is this uh a caterpillar he
calls it a cap what does he call it cat
her cat I'll have to ask him hey where
you going
you have your last day of school we
gotta go want to see a worm he's been
digging for worms he doesn't really want
to go to school but it's his last day
and if he doesn't then he'll miss all
his classmates this little boy ah yeah
ball go get it you like school good then
come on let's go
we pour it and paddle it B and a B and a
bug we have a lot of things to hunt for
the summer you know what I bet you
you're going to see all of those things
this summer you're gonna see even more
things maybe we can find a praying
mantis have you ever seen a praying
mantis no what are they oh I'm excited
to teach you he's in totally into bugs
right now I love it I love it we're
gonna explore we're gonna find so many
bugs Brock you just wait are they that
how's it go no there are nice bugs no is
it the fat
thank you um tell me the praying mantis
no praying mantises are gentle they're
nice bugs let's shape they're really big
I'll show you they look like sticks so
they're kept there hidden or stick fun
stick bugs you can call them stick bugs
or stink bugs no they're not stink bug
stink bugs are gross you ready go to
your last day of school today is Brocks
last day of school minutes summer time
he didn't really go to school much
anyways yeah well you're gonna go to
school more day oh look hey Kiki Kiki
hey do this peaches hi peaches look at
that
hi I like some peaches say hi to peaches
I'll see you next year peaches he get TV
to take him hey miss Garfield
looks like Garfield oh that's those good
huh peaches yes peaches likes dad that's
very good you don't get to go to school
till next year you're still a baby you
have to learn at least ten words first
he's like oh I do okay first day of
summer yeah yeah yeah let's get together
and have some soccer moms on the phone
hi hi James
good morning James oh I love you this is
James
you can tell look at that nose and those
eyes and he has these little like
feathers on the top of his ears to mute
bull who do you do you have to take care
of it no is the answer to that inquiry I
take care of it I lovingly scratch and
massage him daily I feed him twice a day
you don't just like show up on the scene
you like that's my cat you think it's
cute I'm the one who put in the time and
effort to love and nurture this feline
it's my cat I'm a little worked up on
the first day of summer
Tristram my cat okay we're watching
video on YouTube on our TV I'm excited
come on your scooter Pro you're not even
- are you - yet not even - no you're not
you're not - yet come on go change your
bum
you're good scooter rider hey this way
bum changing stations over here howdy
everybody it's Friday morning we're
changing a bum back in listen I know
you're a rad dude but you need to get
off all your extreme Games athletes
devices and get in here and change your
bum get over here you little baby brat
thank you bum yeah no okay excuse me
young man
this is not the pool room and you cannot
practice your bow staff skills in my
office hey Napoleon take your bowls
dude I'm starving a pretty much awesome
ative bo staff hey Napoleon go feed Tina
yeah impressive because you know he's
scratched up every freaking wall down
there to hear yeah that's what I did mom
I carried these long sticks upstairs and
they kept poking the wall hopefully
you're cool with that
hey Napoleon love you I love you
somebody's definitely going down oh yeah
get another box sit down get up get it
another box sit down get up how many
reps are getting a good workout yeah
baby in a box
hey baby in a box Hey yeah thank you for
a ride mom hey we want a date with me
tonight
me yeah did you find a babysitter I
wasn't on it right now I mean I love you
but okay
you're the baby-sitter que anda you put
in the wall to 400 on a date to a movie
we do what we always do let's do
something different
let's go golfing or something bowling
enough hey it's summertime guess what
that means you need to start vlogging
more well I know them mamacita come home
no yeah I am working
shall we you need
he's got a sword alright let's see what
do you want bud what do you need help
with show daddy that what is it oh you
want the balloon say balloon please
please okay here I'll throw you up there
and you catch it here gasp wha okay
ready
none at all I need a stool even now oh
good good hey with your sword good to
stand this chair no that's a really
unstable chair don't
oh I'm gonna have a buzz having you back
rappin he just likes to hit it with the
sword oh no I have not yet all right
your balloons say thank you don't let go
you say thank you oh they do oh yeah
he'll be he'll lose it in a few minutes
yeah all right guys this is the long and
short of it it is Friday
Gavin has been helping clean the kitchen
even though it's still dirty uh we do it
play some uh good good yes what's Gavin
Butler we do an interview with you
yeah sure oh let's do a Q&A with Gavin
Butler what's up buddy so what you want
to do when you grow up your 11 year old
boy just graduated fifth fifth grade
you're gonna be a middle schooler next
year gonna start uh maybe notice in the
ladies a little bit you think what do
you think about like girls that watch
these videos that have a crush on you is
that scary
it scares me do not tell me you have a
crush on my son I don't care I don't
want you to have a crush on my son
there's other boys for you to have a
crush on what do you think are you
listening yes I talked to the women that
love you have you liked it why would I
don't know you just trying to be smooth
who are you gonna marry tell me this
when you think about who you're gonna
marry what kind of person is it what are
some qualities that you
in the future eternal companion I don't
know well you better figure that out I
guess you're only 11 you're just trying
to figure out how to score soccer goals
huh but have you thought about that you
thought about the qualities the traits
the things that you want the person that
you're gonna spend the rest of your life
with to have do you have those qualities
do you have those traits are you the
kind of person that another person will
want to be with forever you got to think
about that because if you want a nice
person if you think what are the
qualities what is what is something that
I want in a companion I want this person
to act like this you can't expect that
if you can't provide that right so if
you want a nice girl who's honest and
truthful and loving and has all these
good qualities and attributes you have
to also provide those things right so
you know you're not going to get her a
nice girl unless you're a nice guy so
guys go being jerks and if you're a jerk
I will smack you upside your head my
friend cool cool we understand each
other yeah we understand each other
yeah my work is done here all right pull
it up I'm gonna I'm gonna go import this
footage upload this video then we kick
your butt on some fifa already man
tomorrow Shaytards rewind I look back at
what the Shaytards have been doing every
single day for the last six years mmm
you're like my Falkor
can you be my Falkor can I ride you into
Fantasia I try all hot row yeah they
call me Dada a sound known in my crew
my kids when I take them to school yeah
I'm cool I got them rollerblades or the
fanny pack just to hold my shame got
snacks in the back peanut butter
everything came this one crazy day
