who got in the mud was it you they're
gonna take your foot and smash it with a
hammer
all right Gavin's tough he got two shots
in his toe so I noticed that my feet
will really discuss like maybe I should
clean okay can she like touches Anderson
like do you want to touch that agent has
that what your beard is awesome and your
kids are awesome and your wife is
and the shape
hard to say
ha
hey I want to do a ring muscle up today
what oh yeah you should we vlog me of
course I would I've never done one
before better do it just get here lotta
bread sugar yeah I'm like that Brendan
yes I'm gonna try to a ring muscle up
I've been really close to getting it
last couple days I'm gonna get one today
all right let's see if she can do this
ring muscle up all right let's see it
try again no pressure
Mauro tomorrow look at it he's close
those are really hard many of you tried
them before they're really art this is
what happens after CrossFit the fetal
position that's and so I so close
getting a bar muscle-up or nara ring
muscle up was stuck right there in the
middle I was that close I'll get it I've
been planning on getting a muscle up by
this summer which you get if you
remember and you watch shayloss excuse
me you can't do a muscle up cuz you're a
weak little baby with little babies off
muscles like strong daddies do you oh
one day though babyface
you guys remember on shayloss how I set
a goal to be able do a muscle up I'm so
close I'll be able to get it by the
summer well look what we started mud
everywhere well Zeke I'm most mad about
Zeke getting in the water because I can
make the kid to clean up their own feet
but I can't make Zeke clean off his feet
so I have to take him to the hose and
make him hold still and wash his paws
off look at Brock little construction
worker down there ome eat it
there's gage Brock Emmy and Zeke
exploring the mud puddle hey you brats
you're gonna get all muddy
man modd something about it I gotta
catch every fall she's gonna fall in a
second Emmy you got a white shirt on get
up here crazies Oh
what am i what am i laughing yeah I'm
kind of mad too but it looks like cars
are you laughing are we in trouble
thanks guys is equal with this guy
sneaky so good man hey dude are you
ready yeah do you know what they're
gonna do
can I take my foot it's my shoulder
no you're gonna take for you son they're
gonna take your foot and smash it with a
hammer
okay I'm weird up so this this this
young man has an ingrown toenail and he
told me that he's not embarrassed to
have you guys know about it so we're
gonna go get a fix right he's had it for
a while so we got to get it fixed and
can't kick the soccer ball with an
ingrown toenail but didn't you say it's
actually helped her kick well yeah
because you're not always supposed to
kick with your toe and supposed to kick
with the side yet it hurts when I take
with my toes so I don't want to do it
again so I help you in your training so
maybe you can just keep it you want to
keep your ingrown toenail I don't know
look maybe if it's gonna hurt too much
to pick the right oh hey did you ready
yeah tell him what you were telling me
oh so I noticed that my feet were really
discuss like maybe I should clean okay
can she like touch lenders I'm like do
you want to touch that baby shouldn't
has that all right Gavin's tough he got
two shots in his toe he's going to have
to like split the side and get beside it
I don't know how it works che had to
have this done before B I guess it is
hereditary the doctor said so he's gonna
have his toe fixed so we won't have
ingrown toenails anymore
are you excited well the worst is over
those shots and he didn't even cry I
told him that I wouldn't vlog him if he
cried but he didn't even cries really
awesome moshling hi-fi's at least you
painted it though a little bit is that
from when the girls did it yeah
oh you're cute said I love about Gavin
he's not too cool he's not too cool to
just like have fun with his sister's
penis toenail all right how do you film
it's not much I was running on and I
don't like it and you don't like the
numbness well you're probably not like
the pain that you would have felt
however his face when he was getting it
done was hilarious I probably should
have logged it but it didn't hurt but he
could see everything I kept telling him
not to watch I was like who's gonna
weigh that Jeannette hurt he's like oh
my gosh that should hurt really badly
who got in the mud was it you was I mad
I don't know do I look mad I don't know
I do I look mad now Ellen mad Rob you
said after you know you could be mad I
was just watching the video check out to
the part where they finished the mud
just tell him how many times I laugh
he's she's laughing a lot and Brock saw
that she like you know cuz I was in your
mom's new self mad and he looks at her
nose are you mad no are you mad are you
gonna be mad too cute no it's hilarious
those are the moments that are fun but
they also give me a little bit of
anxiety when I think about the mess
it's okay we'll get through this yo yo
yo real talk right here there was not
gonna be a vlog today cuz we are slammed
with you know three kids getting out of
school like tomorrow's their last day so
they have all these parties and all this
stuff we have to go to and then we are
slammed right now trying to get
everything ready for VidCon VidCon is
gonna be huge for tricks in this year so
we have a lot of deadlines that we have
to meet before we get in Anaheim the
third week of July so uh just thought
I'd get this footage to you guys real
quick sorry it's short we appreciate you
watching yesterday's vlog was over 20
minutes
that's a stop en which means muy bueno
in espanol so click on that yesterday's
vlog if you want to see what we're doing
in that big freaking mud puddle
do you miss yesterday's well you gotta
check it out we had a good time with the
kids click on that feeling lucky button
if you feel it mysterious if you want to
see the Shaytards it on every single day
for
the last six years click on those
corresponding numerical digits on your
screen I like this in Slate of course we
want to bring an awareness to childhood
cancer there's some crappity crappity
serendipity in this world and bad things
obviously happen to young kids a night
every day
thank God and the world and just I'm so
grateful that my kids are healthy so for
those of you who don't have healthy kids
or know people who don't have healthy
kids we need to support them in any way
we can so thanks for making this n slate
it looks like a via tizzle on Instagram
beta thanks for that appreciate it we
love you guys and we'll see you tomorrow
uh tomorrow's last day school last day
school acting like a fool on your last
day of school
