are you guys excited to hang out
together oh you're watching cat boys all
right boys drop oh wait you need two
front teeth sit it out though all right
good morning boy what a great day it is
Hey what where do you want me to go what
is on your face dude I swear
never-ending wiping noses cinnamon off
of faces damn what are you wearing my
pocket sweater as a bracelet yeah yeah
okay what do you want to show me yeah
okay I'm here where are we going I feel
like my life is lucious mom come here
mom look at this mom watch mom it's a
blessing I wouldn't trade it for the
world because you know what they're not
always going to be around where are we
going we just took a giant circle all
right I tricked you we're in the
bathroom now I have to wipe your nose
haha sorry what's your name right time
to get buckled up the boys are going to
a friend's house and I'm gonna go ski
and decided no we are not going to speak
today you're going to go play with Josh
yeah well actually hey Jackson don't
mess up with my schedule I'm ready to
ski with dad today we're gonna go play
hi yes Christmas honey you gotta put it
away what I did he's blushing
yeah you're doing cool plate okay turn
around let's block a lot let's goal of
course safety buffer goal up what Brooke
I love you I've got to bring a backpack
full of toys everywhere we go and then
this car is that full backpacks full of
toys but it is when you have kids you
got a lot of toys and backpacks and
stuff in your car
and bobblehead jeez Rick if that one
barely David oh he's a good brother
okay he got lucky and got a little bit
of time the girls are getting their
nails be it
I forgot to log the skiing at all but
then I rest that they took people and
turns out that Gavin is go skiing at the
school so we're taking a little time
while we wait for him and darkness then
what color are you getting we haven't
done this for a while how we how about
you sounds like a good pair when it was
gold sparkles beautiful he said it was
alright the girls got their nails done
but I drop a V off without showing her
nails you had pretty white nails and she
loves the color white on the milk I'm so
happy with ok let me see here hi hi
again
she's really excited about having her
nails done and even trying to get a frog
on overthrow ever since I picked her up
from school I keep telling her just keep
drinking water drinking water hmm
ok guys we've decided that when any
clears her throat she has a frog in her
throat it sounds like that then what is
this again that corn song when he was
old trips down to the chicken something
about the sickness something I don't
remember it but I remembered it was corn
and then I had to clarify with shame
like she was a song we go laughs and he
knew exactly what it was and he even
proceeded to sing more of it and he's
actually very good oh babe
killing on corn corn to all the stupid
do you know who cornered her on anyway
it's not around no quarry is yellow
yeah cordis yup eat it with your eat
your vegetables your corn out of her
throat you do this
I don't know dachshund can you might
hire you for the next song what did you
this quick can we do
weird noises with the Shaytards waiting
for Gavin just got done skiing it takes
them forever to get something together
as a family to get some mangoes for Dad
81 mingoes that's one thing that we
really miss about California is fresh
watermelon or mangoes o Allah no the
last time I got a water on here it was
through water moans oh my three
beautiful seconds of sugar three years
or summer on you know or last week
because I did buy a watermelon right not
very sweet right now I could do what I'm
going to eat it well I ate some of it
and it was mushy so I threw it away
what'd you guys think should we try
again Howie sounds pretty good I
wouldn't go for this one it's pretty
firm so we try it okay well you get it
for me which one this one I think that
one sounds the best if you remember how
to pick a good watermelon first you have
to tuck your upper lip in and then yep
there you go did it good job Collin
again get to tuck in your upper lip oh
wait you need two front teeth to do that
though oh that's hard just like that
perfect there's a professional I knew I
teach them something useful in life yep
sort of almost you'll get it you'll get
it oh my goodness
- are you guys excited to hang out
together
oh you're watching cat boy awesome I'm
so glad oh my gosh you guys watching me
because he is your best friend huh he's
your cousin we're filming the mom speech
today so we can and dads get to hang out
looking cute all right almost bored
wrong anyways we go put some lipstick on
and we're going to film some episodes
for the monkey I'm excited and
Valentine's Day is coming up to renew
Valentine's Day thing and pull their
funds in CHEM excited hey guys we're
here with the moms view crew we just
finished
hi I want to touch your hair isn't her
hair pretty we just finished sloggy
vlogging that's how my brain is working
today we just finished we did a couple
episodes for Valentine's Day and beyond
let's go see what's the chicken to me
alright guys me Brea Rebecca show you
our level dance for our sheer
Constitution actually the entire thing
because you don't have all of our
subgroups or organ
Geor level oh me but five six seven
eight
what are you good what's up sister net
is hot like it that's one of our dancers
we have different parts low so we got
during the wrong things yeah we were
doing different things she has we had
different part because it's the levels
you know dissolution that one's super
short if you're like 1/8 to 3/4 ton hey
anyone dancing here hot sexy odds down
and then if you move to another stunt
and in a competition of Saturday you
guys will see it right we just finished
filming the mom's view the ladies left
and it was a lot of fun little Jackson
got to play it went down and check out
what they made oh my god that's so close
it's like your collection yeah look at
all the guys they got in here Maui yeah
cool you woke up a little bit you can
see white horses no white see the way
huh take it away
hey it's behind it is pretty hey what
you need a tissue that's going to tell
you is done uh-huh I did yeah well I
think I know right here look this is so
cool baby yeah these guys are so cute I
love it I love it
just really cool can I come in sweetie I
know I get angry sometimes the police
can i I don't know why hook as a rival
go go go get Gavin okay let's go show
them our food can't get more that sounds
like a blast it might be dark by the
time we get back though is my book for
library Oh school and always be the way
aboard all right
good for the building horsemen really
how do you do he loves reading that's
the feeling you get when you read huh I
think we also a little crazy sometimes
when we kept things that we really love
right
I love our head kind of no I
and he's clearing your throat again
everybody walked out all right it is
what night is it guys it is what posture
is it it's pesto pasta night you like
them I like your shirt you handsome
wasn't me all right let's say a prayer
and eat you're trying to show my hat to
you'll see you hi guys well that was
really good
should we should we wake up the band oh
yeah
it's dinner time at the GTRs residence
we're eating chili so one of my very
good friends made for a banquet hall was
she's the best she's so thoughtful thank
you so we're having dinner made by my
friend I was skiing today formal okay
you're in you're looking around yeah
that's why I was horrible who didn't get
a go
carving yes yes I did a class today too
and I feel like I learned some tips that
I definitely was doing wrong so I'm
excited to work on him now and he was
like two sweet moves and yeah nurse
Jackson I mean cat boy okay you want to
be cowboy but you're Batman movie Batman
cat boy Brock you're pretty impressive
on that thing you write on it like
you're just walked okay okay I'll help
you okay
