by oh I smell the blood of an Englishman
ah oh my goodness it's really coming out
let me pull it out Heather's first time
on a hoverboard
whoa hey guys how's it going we are
cleaning up the yard today that's what
we're doing so this sir at the TV I
should have blogged it I just it's a
really heavy old TV you know I got a
flat screen one time the box for a movie
night but it stopped working so we're
just like eh I will just throw it out
and throw a lot no we do it off the bed
and we should have locked it I'm sorry I
didn't vlog it thank you break I hear
bugger I was like I'm just right the
glass will break and then left to clean
it up but check it out this is what the
inside of this old TV looks like these
circuit boards and wires and stuff so
crazy how it all works
yeah but somehow it all works
not anymore obviously but you know and
Gavin had already shot it with his BB
gun before guys haha anyways say goodbye
to the old TV oh so sad anyway cleaning
up the yard we're getting ready for
winter cause it is going to be winter
pretty soon and we don't like to have
everything covered in snow and then have
it like you've pretty much melted into
the ground by the time spring comes so
let's clean it up it's broken girlfriend
like we watched it one movie on did you
just want to keep it in your room as a
souvenir
you guys all right we just found the
part of the house where all the balls
come to die look we found like we
probably eight of these that I thrown
away and then check it out all of oh we
bought them and then sometimes they roll
it's just this area slopes right here so
they just get lost found um nice okay
Taylor's first time on a hoverboard
don't fall
oh you feel like I feel acne back knee
back oh that's what I did the first time
I caught a little rock watch out for
Delhi put your toes down oh joy I know
right
go move my feet like a skateboarder no
let's lean you got it imagine like a
carpet that's gonna lean forward now
about this week good good yes you turned
way better than I do
don't go down the staircase first time
on hoverboard don't fall like Mike Tyson
don't do it like Mike Tyson but if you
do make sure you're recording it do not
go too masculine this I decided oh good
I ate it the other night I still need to
work on it I still need to work on it
I've done it but not smoothly come on
get on babe get on I'll help you I'll
hold you I'll help you here a VA you
record come on mom come on pop star gap
from the back as you could so we'll
think of red over you Rob watch out
there you go yeah I just
there you go oh yeah
Jamal they're just terrible yeah it's
about shaking yeah look at that now
we're all right or whatever that is
coming out here Oh
got me she got me what I doin nothin a
lot of Englishmen cute
let's hope smashing thank you they just
became home oh nice
that's a good job he was gonna jump over
here was really good
okay blondie your turn maybe not Oh Oh
pick it off yet wow he just he just cut
my artery that was right into the camera
he's impressive those guys are crazy I
know dogs and girls I'm ho get he like
rips it straight out of heaven
well then they're down dad wins one
second applying you're here
amy is head to toe he has two sons
falling out guys why we were hurt that
bad I'll quit tripping your number
that's part of this game not funny my
own I'm not laughing you're doing here
my job isn't I here and tripling there
and by what you got
I can't land you that time for hey maybe
a has a loose tooth inch and no it's
like half out don't bite me no man
I gotta fight back somehow I'm a
dinosaur and then I said let me Cydia
your stupid they're popping down yet Wow
one second of pain it hurts right now
come over here come on you can do it
let's go get a million a million cuz I'm
Hulk smash gyro are you coming to get
your tooth ripped out you want do it now
then we'll go to the dentist I'll let
you have a phone for Christmas
wait what just plot when I choose
thinking you're gonna do that anyway
sound off out anyways hmm you pull it
out dad you don't have any games really
let's see it can you show them no gums
attached to my chin here can you see
that oh my goodness it's really coming
out let me pull it up come on hey listen
I have a new game you guys run around
the trampoline and if I catch you I get
epona your teeth see for fun look at
Zeke's it their own noble watching okay
my life
get up again G oh but it's time to watch
him Josh rocks get a tooth ripped out
attacks it is so I guess we missed it
maybe you pulled it out herself
let's see it okay big to go see your
mouth big hole ha ha did you just not
want your dad to do it you had to do it
yeah well good job that's true and he
did something at PE yesterday and how
she can't walk I love you you can do it
I'm sweeping up this mess over here yeah
she's rascal I tell ya all you saw me
vlogging yeah you don't wanna be on
camera said it she was climbing inside
of there and got stuck right there she
is so adventurous she is like the the
ultimate curious kitty she'll do
anything go anywhere just curious what
we fed you don't as like you're starving
yeah don't act like you're starving
she's a scavenger flash the scavenger
okey-dokey thank you for watching the
Shaytards like we are here in the ends
like Gavin say hi what's up Colette say
hi can I admit right now what you're
doing for me you guys in the insight
right now I am here to confess that
currently Colette is cooking me some
delicious french toast I am it is do you
think I can hear it you guys listen
everybody listen listen this is the
crackling of the delicious what is that
is that cinnamon and sugar you just put
on there goodness gracious vanilla
smells Cod okay guys listen listen hear
that can you hear the crackling of my
delicious cinnamon and cinnamon toast
french toast what do you make what is
this called again
hey thanks for watching today's
Shaytards vlog hey I wanted to talk
about something about being self-aware I
was watching gary vaynerchuk's a recent
post about when he was in lisbon at this
web conference I'm not sure exactly what
it was called but he was talking about
being self-aware knowing what you're
good at not everybody is an entrepreneur
he gave this example you know not
everybody is good at singing not
everybody is good at math not everybody
is good with people not everybody is
good with computers but we're all good
at something so become self-aware and
know the thing that you're good at and
just focus on that and don't compare
yourself to others when you're like oh I
can't shoot a three-pointer or I can't
do a backflip on a pogo stick over a
Volkswagen bug like don't beat yourself
up about that so I want to say an echo
if you go check out gary vaynerchuk's
last a little speech you gave onstage
there know what you're good at and fit
into a system of people that are working
in a team like manner to accomplish
something great you're what you say hi
everybody hi that's Texan okay wow
that's a long in Slate Gavin you got any
words to add to that um just do it
you're good at and don't never look back
yeah hahaha
pressure alright that was insulate love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow one take
Sunday have a great weekend happy
Veterans Day if you know a veteran you
have a buddy or a grandma grandpa
somebody who served in the Armed Forces
tell them thank you tell them I said
thank you shake their hand and say
you're a brave person and I'm grateful
you serve so we can be free okay we're
out peace love you bye-bye love you guys
