I think Marvin all right you guys oh
yeah that's good yeah put those on put
those on where's the other one gap one
time we're doing fine in the Milan I
brought the idea actually I had this
idea earlier so I was when you suggested
I was like let's do it
dude I told mom earlier and she's like
no my mom's gone now so dude I'm Colette
with shopping after she just cleaned the
house check it out look at our room it
is spa look at those vacuumed floors but
you know it's been raining for the last
I don't know two days and we just
recently I've been digging a giant hole
out there and now it's like the biggest
mud puddle I've ever seen you can't wear
those you know where those squeeze them
on get your boots on we're go play in
the mud we decided to go play in the mud
let's go lupus it's time to play in the
mud you know listen ask yourself is it
100 years ago in your dan you're looking
back you're thinking am I glad that I
played in that mud or am I glad that I
stayed out of the mud I think you're
gonna be glad that we played in the lot
doing exciting crazy things
it's so deep I'm nervous sounds like we
already got some crying what let me see
did Brock turn around as you fall
already think got a dirty bug dude what
was that light back to that a quicksand
I'm gonna I go to abandon the shoe get
the shoe Gavin save it dude it's
seriously like quicksand ah the
flip-flop oh all the muscles Gavin
Butler yeah I just chuck it
you just put modernist whose idea was
this
my feet are phrase I have to venture out
into the tractor pond the traction cuz I
keep getting stuck in the quicksand
fishing here how deep is it oh it's so
cold
okay now Gavin you're so brave and
strong and tough wait Peter cool good
job here you get up hug it out
Avia you that's a good manicure pedicure
good exfoliation
are they being on that - my feet are
freezing
it is Oh blondie you're muddy alright
you get a jump Emmy jump let's do a
splash go why are you all n to the side
how is Lucy Lucy I see I need an
umbrella draining out here
I'm wet my feet are freezing
avi you're almost made it to the tractor
that's the island in the middle of the
track for pond Brock I your shark boots
hanging up are again stuck Sagan stuck
in the mud I don't know why we're doing
this
Oh Oh click that friendships over it's
long gone
we'll find it when we're playing soccer
sometime hey you guys want to go up on
that hill and slide down the mud okay
day 63 and the muddy wilderness we will
find why we'll never give up
we'll find a mini-tour existence as we
search through the prime Orioles lodge
of life we will find meaning to this
great thing called life or just play the
martyr my theater I know mine are numb
now so it's cool do you feel this oh
snap try a camera I got a camera dick
Gavin Gavin Oh Josh project putting a
mud fight scene to break out oh okay
let's see you slide down there okay we
need to make a mud slide
somebody's gonna eat it and that's my
job to catch it on camera who's gonna
fall first
let me see somebody running slide oh man
the primordial primeval sludge it's
pretty sludgy hey high five hey your
mom's gonna be so mad
oh the lens is dirty and muddy using my
elbow to clean the leg eyes father he
goes I missed it do it again it is
called it was snowing earlier
Oh you pooped your pants okay slide down
that I need it to rain I get this mud
off my hands
que gab let's see your slide I think we
do need to take a bath after this I'm
gonna spray you guys off with the hose
most likely no mom just cleaned the
bathroom we can't use the bathroom we
have to use the whole frog look at this
slide you guys in the winter this could
be a sledding hill there you go was lame
I dare to go running slag gum hurts my
feet it's light on your belly
hey there you can sled on your belly
I'll do it here my hands oh yeah your
hands okay come here I'm going to slide
on my belly gap here all right here just
grab right here on the side with that
hand just like Koller just like that
just like that your wife throw my
sweater wait I know just the what
happened you're taking advantage of my
sweat over here okay here got it
okay dad this game I think my back in
I'm freezing wrong stuff okay right I'm
coming to save you
I'm cold why did we do this we have
progressed past this point
Oh Jim you're up to the dorsal fins
we're bachelors Brooke in the mud sand
hey ready bow put your leg
Oh - those are stuck ready one
dad I gotta go stop - I can't show you
this camera this camera is so muddy oh
man
okay we're going inside Frodo
we have to find mount Mordor Frodo
you were why you look like you're in tar
huh
yeah hey come on we have to go to mount
Mordor and burn the ring K have to throw
into the fire yeah go take a bath go
here we go
I'm cold all right
I took my scooter I don't know why we
did that in a hundred years now I'll be
like yeah I'm glad I did that one I wish
you could be here with us so hey we
rinse it off so mom doesn't get me all
right clean up all the mug crap I don't
realize that okay so we D mudded
ourselves which was quite the whole
experience it was it was like right on
the verge of snowy we live in a high
elevation so the rain loves it still so
our feet one no the Sun is coming out
now
it's glorious Saturday we're gonna go
watch gavin kick the ball around on the
soccer field
nice move gasps that was sweet
behind-the-back nice move yeah there you
go
go go go go take it up on the score nice
pass nice shot as teamwork attaboy
assists
some ends an assist is better than a
score if you ask me that's unselfish
ball right there attaboy
nice shot at a boy whoo go straight up
all the way go Oh nice footwork I'll
shut up I'll just let him do it he won't
and he's the soccer player I'm just a
dad don't know nothin I just make up
exact you know I just think of advice
like go run stuff here we go get it good
nice shot
got a boy whoo all right come on Gavin
take a strip of film nice pass nice pass
oh and I stopped going
nice move dude so proud of him he's got
the footwork all right there's only 30
seconds in the half can they score one
more before the halftime another one
Thatta boy
nice nice hustle buddy nice hustle get
one more just for the fun of it you know
why not as well get a Gavin get it
squirt Braden misty it's funny because
last week Gavin actually had a really
bad game if you guys didn't notice last
Saturday's vlog or last Monday's vlog
didn't have any soccer footage in it of
Gavin and he was really disappointed
with his performance and he actually
asked me not to put anything in the
video and he's been watching Messier oh
here he goes again he's gonna score
again he's been watching Messier
oh nice slide he's been watching soccer
videos all week
he's been trying moves out there that I
know he's been watching on YouTube
I'll watch sure does ice cap please pass
go go referee and blow the whistle had a
kid nice oh thanks also buddy
all right that's game how many of you
score he doesn't know I said how many
goals you score he goes uh I think four
or five think about when you're a kid
you know how many goals you score but he
so he scored so many he can't keep track
hey I was impressed mostly by that
assists you made early on house an
unselfish play right to center that's a
great shot great pass great player man
you go in a big time I can tell I'm
already starting to count the money
you're gonna make as a professional
soccer player can't wait oh no about to
get run over don't you hate when they
people let their babies drive that's
good hey let me see your license and
registration young man tell him we don't
need no license what are we going tell
me your stinking licenses you so much
can we go art like school you large
amounts of food now I like I like
putting large amounts of food in my face
let's go do that guys come on let's go
eat food look at this motley crew what
does that mean want me to band but did
you make that sign up I've heard that
before you didn't make this
who started that Gavin coming off a
major victory where your chilies grow
huh Avia dyeing your hair blue okay
that's cool I accept change I'm gonna
come up for differences but Brock you
look ass like a stud muffin in that vest
I'm so hungry I can't wait to eat cannot
wait to break bread with my fellow folk
what what do you want we want boy that
is an arm good you're a genius
Jackson you school you bunch in your
brother careful he's a professional
soccer players
ARC's well yes he is you'll be cheering
for him in no time all the signature
moves happening you got to do these ones
in everyone all right we left Chile's we
sat there for 15 minutes and nobody ever
showed up to get our drinks or anything
we're like what is going on it's like
we're out of here we left we want to
Firehouse Subs we want to eat now when
we're at Chili's oh you and whoo me and
Mama Naevia when was this Oh what
happened the waiter forgot about us
happen to happen to you before Hey
Chili's when people come in and want to
give you money for food you should like
take their money
oh just the Bott shout-out to firehouse
subs for delivering delicious fast fresh
food freaky fast away that's Jimmy Joe
anyways a good sandwich what do you bet
I'm salad and this is for the orange
stuff the orange that you mean this
spaghetti sauce yes yes good thank you
that's very helpful Rock has been
helping me with making spaghetti dinner
he has set the whole table by himself
should we go inspect the table that he
set all by himself wow you did a good
job that looks really nice actually oh
and he also helped me cut this in the
computers you can tell what kind of a
family I 11 he also helped cut the
computers I said computers am i Philly
where it is called keep cucumbers off
silly mom oh he cut them check it out
look out cute they're very there's your
thick chunks I like thick chunks that's
gonna be good
okay what should we have to drink water
juice juice of course jelly mom why
would we ever have water to breathe
that's like not as fun
good job we'll take it over there
good job all right we've got spaghetti
spaghetti sauce and just for my own
delight I'm making Brussels sprouts
nobody else likes Brussels sprouts but I
made them and everyone's gonna have to
try them cuz they're good for you
least that's what they tell you maybe
they're not buy like this is good
check it out oh got a salad dad
favorites well Caesar salad oh okay I'm
just mixing it with this one and then
you we can dish up with the red one and
Gavin hi nice trypsin shirt adds workout
love that is mine yeah you look so cool
hey okay hey little sis she said help
hey baby
put some hot pads so we can put the hot
pans on the table okay look
three blue look grandma make me these
they're washcloths slash hot pads I
don't want to get them wet because I
think they're so pretty
that I use them as hot pads instead of
wash see you son yes grandma made these
for me for Mother's Day grandma Laurie
she's very talented
all right Gavin is doing a project where
he's was this is not okay you choose two
characters from different stories so
obviously we'll have partners and we
have to imagine these characters meet on
a long journey okay who is your
character for the Yahweh my tears of
gold mining we introduce each other and
then we plan a conversation Zoey I'm
delighted script no that's gonna be fun
I started is that the snakeskin belt
yeah and I that's cool I'll tell you
what my god
so that guy's bobby lace he's 34 years
old he's a male he has a black stallion
named warrior oh yeah when he was on the
trail uh there was a rally and he was
going to buy him but he killed it before
it bit him so and he made it into a belt
and that's what this is
he lives in the desert he's lost to
catch more horses and he want to be like
Bobby Lee sure Amos and who you have to
do a puppet show about it so that's why
we have mr. ginger Randy so what are you
supposed to do this tomate Oh exciting
and Aybar we're great and the last day
of school is in three days that's
awesome what else it she set I think
that's it let's get huge bottle gourd
bridge go tell everybody it's time to
eat okay
yes school is almost out I know some of
you are actually going through June
remember in LA we had to go through June
the first year we were in LA it was like
a couple weeks in June so I know some of
you are still going to be in school for
a few more weeks but we got lucky hit
the jackpot we're out and I'm like three
days
I'm a baby
I want my kids
we do it for
wash rims I'm a minivan three
Oh
