doing great
oh yeah yeah how many times have you
gone dramas 5 last is a mile very proud
all right it's time for the 4th graders
and Avia she was in the lead she already
took off they did their first lot just
like a lap she's going back Rock found
somebody else tremendous Justin he's
right there more gas flap pushing hard
go easy at brendham the finish right
it's time for the 5th graders that means
Gavin where is he I don't know
you're Hedy all right watch this
everybody go
that's good he's very pleased with
himself watch Fred Flintstone it goes
beat up here I go again what's my
weakness toys that have wheels or anyone
okay put your feet up
one two put your feet up pick your feet
up ready here we go here we go one two
he's fast all right gonna soccer yeah
boom oh nice move
Oh boom nice move oh yeah look Oh got
your button honey
Kevin won't let me play with the soccer
ball just not cool enough sorry
oh I hit that stove with the super ball
you go alright have fun a soccer
practice love you hey guys so just
coming back
soccer he stopped by his degree
rocford hope you can see him boy my
Jackson was sitting on top of
here yeah yes
and yes I and my mom found this well
actually your mom got it when my mom was
born from her death no my dad gave it to
my mom in the hospital which she had me
yep and I've had it for years but I
haven't really put it up in my house
anywhere so I'm excited to have a place
for it now it's gonna go in my office
hi puppies come on come on come on oh
yes I know there's a lot of stuff back
there we have two new little babies
Colby's like get me out of here you guys
are weird
why am I here with you guys I feel like
Colby's like that the old one of the
burp group he's like why do I have to
hang out with these guys seriously a
good boy though huh oh my goodness it's
beautiful
it's beautiful out here you guys look at
these clouds so mysterious and wait go
yeah pretty out here huh guys we don't
mind the rain I hear I'm missing your
thunder yeah it was cool huh did you
like the Thunder I love I can't guess
where is the Thunder run guitar
definitely Oh are we gonna be safe I
think that's probably not the best place
for us to be in a infant maybe it would
be but no it has metal conductors to the
ground so probably not right where are
you captain thundering
I love you oh hi name raindrops una Rosa
hover and whiskers anchors hello bye bye
I love it I love it oh these are the
parts of spring that I just live for
love it
mystically passionately relaxing and
peaceful that's a thing oh my goodness
look at Jackson he thinks he's so
ferocious barking on to the cat oh do
you hear it
the cat's gonna get you Jackson out
watch out there farm cats they're
vicious
Oh Jackson do you hear the cat he's
growling I'm what you are Thunder you
did I missed it oh it's too busy getting
our adorable children on camera instead
you adorable little children this is
what happens you know how thunder and
lightning and Lila you did cool the
thunder and lightning electricity in the
air makes horses wild that's what it
does to my children or now we're getting
rained on you guys I'll save you I'll
save you I'm sorry I didn't mean to get
you wet I'm sorry you're like gremlins
you're gonna turn into monsters if you
get wet
I'll take you inside Oh safe wait is
that gremlins is it don't get them wet
or don't feed them after midnight or
both can I remember
again it's exciting Oh scary yes scary
not really it's exciting we're gonna go
hey do you need help
what oh I just not again do need help
you want me to hold you here no don't
grab me don't scratch me don't scratch
me it just wants to play
alright you figure it out got yourself
out there get yourself down good luck
Casta country now maybe we shouldn't get
close to the tall tree in the lightning
storm the thunder rolls and the
lightning strikes you guys are so cute
Oh cold wet needing popsicles I'm the
best parent ever oops
hey everybody inside hurry hurry fast
it's not really that cold out here the
keys yeah fun pushes back my supreme
independent you slipped it's like a
split leash baby
all right we're having Panda Express Hey
alrights Portugal time fortune cookie
time Russia took time fortune cookie
fortune okay have you ever heard about
this you grab the fortune cookie to
people is it lovers friends just what
else ever okay you grab the fortune
cookie it's like a wishbone yeah is like
a wishbone here anyone - oh dang it
so she gets the that's her fortune for
me and I meant to just be a fat though
we need to cookie what was it say only
the cook wait this is wait wait that's
tradition you have to eat the cookie
while the person means their fortune - I
need a the cookie yeah you have to read
it while you're chewing there we go one
one one fortunate than yourself okay oh
crap I'm less fortunate I dropped my
cookie okay so what are we gonna do
nopal we need to help people in Nepal
wait wait right now
Nepal you guys that's let's listen to
the thing right that was a plan do a
sauce open that cookie first Christina's
text there's this guy right now that's
trying to raise a bunch of money for a
Nepal because they've had two
back-to-back seven point something
magnitude earthquakes and money he just
wants to raise awareness this guy the
Nepal earthquake fundraising reception
it is this Saturday May 16th in Seattle
this is a good buddy of ours he's
raising money for the people in Nepal
this dude is a legit guy he is doing
good if you're in the Seattle area I'm
all even link to this below but anyways
we should les that's fortune cookies
health people wait anyways you guys I
hope out those let me see that yeah I
hope out those less fortunate I mean
people that sucks man we definitely need
to lend a hand to our brothers in Nepal
brothers and sisters in Nepal okay
you're sure what the best way to
get rid of an enemy - is to make a
friend hey man
sister hey you must be graduate in
second grade
oh wait first grade yeah you can read
I'm proud of you our little loofas can
read you know and remember at the
beginning of the year you did not like
it and she couldn't gonna be here me
five didn't check your book yeah yeah
stick with it guys don't give up guys
you'll be able to read one day just to
try and look at your own Fork oh that's
true what am I gonna hang up my pictures
I need hang on my pictures in here
alright it's one of the best times of
the if you guys seen this you show them
this babe look go up Collette me did I
can't official that precious in this
week what yeah oh is I'm making a view
oh we got okay it's a soft party it's a
dog party and it's a kid party so let's
count them up how many kids we got one
two three four five six kids and a blue
sock how many dogs we got one two three
four dogs we got six kids and four dogs
let's go get the cats now that'll be ten
animals plus uh six seven eight hey
there's 18 Souls 18 that right five by
six seven eight
yes well Malachi's soul is somewhere
else
Malachi's ashes are here Malachi counts
as 19
there's 18 souls that we have to provide
for and there's one soft for each of
them we're folding socks at them with
that one this is mine for sure right
whoa clean yourself clean yourself get
yourself
I got my shove a gamma shock so yeah you
look hot in my house sucks when I step
in the spot you know it's time to rock I
pull up up to the top of my
chinny-chin-chin yeah my I got twins is
where it all begins
life can be heavy we all know so much
Russian you're gonna slow you gotta take
time to release the load so I kick off
my shoes and oh I go my toes
