get your baby hey you baby yeah right
punch your butt hey hey woman I'm punch
your butt bring it down a little bit
more before you tilt it the whole thing
wait wait wait wait Oh G by log in here
I like to make car wash sound effects
because I think it's funny really that's
weird
yeah whatever you guys know I'm weird by
now right yeah yeah we do here comes the
explosion hurricane be ready
getting all the water out so you may be
asking yourself why Emmy and I are
hanging out well she has some teeth to
be fixed today so we're going to dentist
what do you think
good good good good good the good thing
taxes not with us he hates the carwash
it freaks him out but he'll learn to
love it
it's an exciting adventure yeah what a
sharp snappy dresser you are you sure
know how to put an outfit together no
sure you sure got a style some colors
and clothes and conundrums Oh hold on
open the door do that blue matches your
Gio's sure like tricks and tricks and
tricks and tricks and checks and checks
it punch your butt
hey hey woman um put your butt neither a
good butt pong Jerry now and then Oh
what's up drug face
let me see you all right did you get a
tooth pulled out did she hear tooth
pulled out Oh how'd it go did you have
major surgery how'd it go all right we
cried you're right
what'd you cry did it hurt really did
you flog it no you know like it she had
to get a tooth pulled out all right all
right all right all right all right all
right doing chores
come inside a little bit all right so my
father-in-law is doing some work to his
yard and he's like hey can I have some
of that dirt sugar comes like yeah sure
bring it down a little bit more before
you tilt it the whole thing wait wait
wait wait oh gee bring the whole bucket
down yeah it's falling too far here I
can idea weigh my weight - um
yes right there right there right there
see there
look tilt it a little bit flaked oats it
really slow nice nice
watch it all come
and the walls come tumbling down to put
snow shovel
let's get up it came loose it would just
flip your truck over on you
you want me to just kind of shake the
bucket yeah just shake it a little bit
maybe all right Danny
shake that bucket my hair comes here
comes there you go oh yeah keep doing as
good
there she comes now shake it all up
Danny check it on up Danny
all right that's a bed full of clean
dirt all right how you doing good
tonight is Tatiana's birthday party so
we're gonna have a turkey dinner here at
our house for her birthday and you're
gonna help me with the rolls okay
now this is nothing fancy I mean my roll
recipe is like super fancy it right back
at a roll that's frozen any kind of
brand but I use the I usually make the
roast one I thought this could not be
like 17 dark side and dark sunny dark
something dark son Enoch sunny and dark
son Enoch sunny and luck sunny sunny
index onion dark sunny and dark okay
okay we get the point
daddy's birthday in the month same
jacket second okay let me you're gonna
help me get it ready and Sammy and dive
sunny and dark Sonny's dark says he's
done and then it's your birthday yeah I
love you okay help me with the rolls
ready you're going to place them on the
pan like that
no you're just gonna set them on the pan
that's all you got to do okay okay now
the trick is you're going to do four and
then do it again 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 K and set
them like that wait did you wash your
hands huh go wash your hands first where
I drop they're all traffic kawatche your
hands whoops I forgot about the most
important part wash your hands before
you cook guide all right I got my
professional turkey dresser over here
painting that turkey up it's gonna be
delicious if you like Turkey if you're
vegetarian I apologize it's chalk
breaking point she's gonna go frog
my birthday's sending ducks a deduction
okay enough Sonny's art anyway I'm
running wet I'll honor that anymore
hmm anyways if you want to know what
recipe I used to cook the turkey it's
divas can cook calm I used her turkey
recipe I did the brine and everything so
I hope it turns out the way that she
says it well that's the same recipe that
we used for the Thanksgiving turkey but
we didn't have time to brine it quite as
long as I did this time so but that
turned out really good so hopefully it
turns out really good all right this is
what it looks like so far
got the apple and orange in it to make
it nice and juicy but it all covered and
we got the rolls signs like Thanksgiving
or something I'm excited
maybe it wasn't a baby at your baby are
you baby yeah all right all right all
right Avia where we headed you're gonna
do it - do what see pictures for trick
sing photo shoot time photo shoot time
with the family what am I going to get
hey when you do that I'm walking down to
this part of the house for some reason
but I cannot recall what that reason is
maybe it was to turn this light off yep
that was the reason okay let's go oh I
lied to you I lied to you
the reason just came back I need my back
packing I need my backpack what's up ray
we're gonna hang out later I gotta go do
a photo shoot first all right we're goin
it's like you'll see okay come on let's
go telega me swap there if I only get an
action shot ready go
yes Skeeter dive in all right you
haven't setting up Aztec dicks um so we
have homework to do guys that's why
we're here in school we're getting our
homework did guys ready get your
homework did all right so we're setting
up some shots for it's a it's for VidCon
that's what it's for we have to have
something done for VidCon so we're doing
it right now there's a deadline by this
Friday so that's I say we're getting our
homework
lupus you look cute
bubbling case mmm damn good hey excuse
me excuse me yeah
what do you see there's Danny that's
Danny building the soccer field down
there hey what do you think you're doing
dude these smells so good right now
you smell that smell smell smell so hot
oh so like I like it like it sounds good
whoa finally not Nam enough that she'll
be able to say the words of the sheriff
please
she was numb earlier from her - dentist
appointment
and that's all she wrote on this
Thursday afternoon thanks for watching
the Shaytards vlogs we really really
appreciate it
like 200c ate my word that makes me feel
smart ah one more day till Friday yes
wait dude this is the last I thought
there was three more Friday's till
summer but my kids informed me that this
coming Friday
aka tomorrow is the last day until
summer vacation and I never said Shay
didn't you get out of school long time
ago yes I did but the problem is when
you have five kids and you want to go on
trips and travel and do some summertime
activities and they have to go to school
you're kind of in school too so I cannot
wait I am filling those summertime
butterflies tickling tit chilling to
glean something they're doing something
my tummy I'm not sure what they're doing
but I'm excited for summer I'm excited
to do stuff with the kids and not be
burdened down by education all it's so
boring just kidding me no let's just
power don't forget that click on
yesterday's vlog if you're feeling lucky
be sure to click on that feelin lucky
about if you want to do this raiders go
100 years ago well you know what to do
I think you've done it before so go
ahead and click right on your screen and
you can go watch another Shaytards Rock
okie dokie I'll see you tomorrow I
reckon bye bye
