hello welcome you are now watching a
Shaytards vlog or if you prefer the more
politically correct way of saying it
we're the butler's but we are happy that
you are here today to join us on this
day we're supposed to be a happy family
yes there is drama at times but there's
also happiness and kisses I'm gonna kiss
me Oh welcome hey hi guys
oh hi guys have you guys seen a lot of
first words on this vlog we've seen baby
droids first words rocked our first
words and now yours do you like those
shoes he just brought this to me
he knows style he sees it like fun if
you won't wear I'm gonna wear it
do you like those shoes they're pretty
huh
shoes yeah many kids have we watched
Doozers yeah sure yeah they're a little
confusing huh
why the heck are they having that pointy
thing on the heel it doesn't sense I
know it's wrong but we wear Oh Oh
actually if you know your history high
heels were actually first worn by men
hmm weird right well maybe not so weird
maybe we should all be wearing high
heels or maybe none of us should because
it's not good for our ankles hmm a weird
Society sometimes did you get a mom yet
huh what I'm on here pretty much all
right oh you look so pretty
okay try walking in them now good luck
it's like I'm just gonna stand here it's
easier good job you did it
you're not doing too bad buddy I love
you yeah they make a lot of noise huh
whoa whoa see it not good for your
ankles go conquer the world I wanted to
show you guys my sweet Mother's Day home
with all of the homemade gifts that my
kids gave me Oh cute okay so Emmy drew
me this picture
it's from mom to dad cuz I have so much
thank you
Hey you're just jealous lover to make
something this year you know make you
something next year okay mom to dad yes
you got to be like this to dad my love
all right Gavin gave me this an
explosion of flowers look just a little
place right there okay and this one's
from bra look at that this little hand
will never grow this hand will never go
with this one will darn it
don't grow haha anyways if you made this
one and Emmy you have to show oh look
this is for me I'm sure you're perfect
when you open it and show us this one
you read it just in the mess hall in the
world I love you to Mars I won't go too
far no I can make us depart
oh I love you and get to practice haikus
in school huh yeah but that's it I love
it look at that look at all those
decorations who are these people
I just want dummy to be and/or sitsit
hair day they're just heads just happy
heads and there's happy Mother's Day
yeah that says happy parent me show me
yours that's my baby
no but it says on the back
and says happy Mother's Day love Amy and
from remember swim Maggie
Peggy Photobucket Diane Moo yes thank
you for my name he is four exonerated M
is for a alright schmuck
M is for Mother's Day I is for ice cream
I like it this one is this one is mean
this one's you and sword attack my
mother was like my lover Bob thank you
guys for all my sweet Mother's Day
present you're not yellow all right and
we have here a bunch of cross dressers
hmm good Mary
where'd you get those yeah is that fun
they're really loud on the floor dads
you like your shoes
gee that's fun what's up blue eyes hi
dries get so blue rock can I ask you a
question
why are Daxton eyes so blue guess he's
little is that why were your eyes that
blue and you were little and then do
eyebrow why do they turn into brown
dachshund disagrees with that assertion
why they turn brown because um I'm Tom
Oh
so when you turn when you get tall your
eyes get round yeah so willed axton's
eyes turn brown then yeah when he goes
up okay but what if they don't ever turn
brown what if they stay blue forever he
has had blue eyes for a year and a half
now
yeah mate what if they stay that way
forever
will that be weird if they stay blue
forever or will that just be normal
Oh stay new be blue forever do you want
his eyes to be brown or blue
Wow you learn to become brown yeah I
want our bacony closer so why can't you
have blue eyes you want why do you want
him to have the same eyes as you but hey
he can still play where you going dude
going out for the night you're over here
see you ladies
the uber rides here all right brah hey
good talk bro I love you
take it easy so I'm just sitting in my
office trying to edit a vlog on no sleep
oh okay I'm gonna upload a vlog today
I've been sitting here wonder if I'm an
upload a vlog I got three hours of sleep
last night I had to go to the tricks in
warehouse had a bunch of meetings with
the crew we were working on a ton of
things which means I have to go to this
thing tonight I'm so tired
here's here's some footage that Colette
got and this is today's vlog
hey Brock that you why are you
whispering he whispers because we tell
not to yell hey Elsa I'm in my office
and I haven't shown you my office lately
because it's sort of a tornado this has
been the throw all of all like the
things that I still need to go through
and I haven't had a chance to get to
most of it because I've been working on
stuff so it's kind of crazy so P but
here here we are in my office they had
everybody hi we're wearing my shoes
what Sam yeah this office is borderline
hoarder status oh you have you have the
shoes of the duh
this little guy had on earlier do you
have shoes on yeah oh you guys are
starting a high heel gang huh super cool
did you find some buttons let's see I
have a little button collection I've
been obsessed with buttons lately I
think they're so cute I remember my mom
used to have a jar of buttons and I
loved looking in the jar and seeing all
the different buttons she had so I
decided I was gonna start a button jar
and now it's become mine and Brock's
button jar because he loves to play with
the buttons so I'm going to don't lose
them because I like all my buttons
they're all unique and different in
their own special ways but I love them
ah here we go put these in the button
jar don't lose them they're precious
best buns don't prog you'll love them if
you throw them go put them in the jar
button heads
Oh
that is one way to get through the floor
good thing we just cleaned up
and what's this crow doing dishes good
job in helping you guys you are such a
good boy good helper
I'm getting help with the dishes we just
had dinner now we're gonna have family
night violent abusive like a princess
yeah I wanna give kids I understand and
make some soggy who want soggy fingers
all right oh look at this little man do
you like doing dishes you're doing a
great job thank you so much for all your
help I love you hey he is in the song
he's in the dishwashing zone it's making
wine oh oh yeah water bubble oh you like
playing the back you're so cute he
always need a little help around the
kitchen even if to help it sometimes not
as helpful as would be helpful but it's
he's learning learn how the vision
issues yeah I will teach you just tickle
stick with me I know
no sit down on the chair thank you
should I show up tomorrow
we're a little box and you cannot fool
newest your red lights it's not green
not yellow is red that means your feet
you can take second I try to teach them
these things and you know obviously you
never know your rest their pages and
please best that you can listen to every
other leaders and family do you know we
can be kind on your mission I can teach
the gospel
please less say I'd say Amen Dom you
guys okay what's your next Scripture
oh I have the scripture yeah this part
well me I was the pears you're different
you wanna really you're the next per the
ending prayer yeah well you'll get to
help don't worry
all right we just have a little lesson
we just talked about different care
from the Bible in the Book of Mormon to
see it our knowledge about them we did
okay I still have to learn a little bit
but that's alright you guys remember
this one that we did we worked on last
time what and you all had to do nice
things for each other and if somebody
did something nice for you you wrote it
on the list
and colored a heart ray of love well if
you did something nice for somebody then
that person would color your name I
think we did pretty good we still are
working together as a family to try to
show love to each other it's always a
challenge I think most families can
agree that it is difficult
we don't always feel a love for each
other right but we need to try so that's
the goal with this yours is a boy 1 wow
you got a lot of them you got a lot of
rings on this heart of love alright the
next thing we're going to talk about can
we hold it and stop slurping your slippy
Slurpee or words in it alright guys this
is something that we used to do in my
family growing up my mom started doing
this is we had a spotlight every you
know what was an out of title it wasn't
every time we had family home evening
but it was every once in a while
somebody would have be spotlighted and
since this is a special month whose
month is this you thinking of it and yes
it is birthday from Avia in our
spotlight for the month of May check out
the figures of Asia that spider-man is
Gavin when he was little and I actually
have a really good picture of him
without his mask on that looks just like
you at 80s hair no we'll save that one
for Gavin
when I actually are not in those because
you weren't born yet
see this is a bo we choose the little
girl - look at that one look how cute
she is another we're gonna look at you
you're letting bad babies I don't want
to get a picture and I love this and
look at your face and it looks kind of
like you're picking the fire up like
you're trying with your fingers
it's so cute and look at this one you're
the cute little face this is the fourth
of July in the back of the car and
you're watching the fireworks and that's
this yeah that's her don't touch it with
this sucker please Matt actually I need
a little one and that's a Leah to the
left and we'll get Gabby's little face
and then of Christian meaning I love
this one when I was fixing your hair
right how's this look on my face like
I'm concentrating and you just have a
little cute smile I'm talking mommy
mommy I really love this little kitty
one look how cute you are your little
chocolate bar and then this one the
whole family on that day that was before
we even did the vlogs nope that maybe
that maybe we had already started the
blog's actually I bet you there's a blog
about well amy was born so that was
maybe like right when we started the
blogs well they tell me there's really
only one way to find out click on one of
these annotations welcome to the end
slate of the Shaytards blog thanks for
joining us today guys we appreciate you
watching it if you want to see what were
we doing I'm curious it's probably one
of my favorite things about uploading
though these is when I go to find the
links for the end slate to put attach
these clickable links that you guys can
click on it's so interesting to look
back at the six year ago video and just
remember reminisce about what happened
where we've come and where we're going
ah you know it's it's hard not to get a
little nostalgic watching all these
daily memories flashed through my life
we appreciate you guys support sorry
about yesterday I was out of town busy
slash hey I know you guys are sick of
the tricks and thing but you guys you
got to give me
some things to dream right like you got
to realize it there's other projects
that I want to do that are like my
dreams and you just can't live a good
life if you're not striving for your
dreams and owning a successful clothing
company as a dream of mine and it has
been for a long time and if I'm not able
to strive for things that I've always
dreamed for I will lead a horrible
existence you need to put up the log she
that's your job my job is to be happy
and and in order to do that I need to
chase after my dreams and so if there's
not a vlog sometimes I appreciate if you
understand that okey-dokey I love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow
