happy Mother's Day every mother every
Mother's Day happy Mother's Day happy
Mother's Day what a term this Mother's
Day has taken we are underneath the
grandstands at the horse races you
compete on that she'll shake it up and
I'll grab it by hand look we had a
little baby fall through the bleachers
Saturday morning no that means it's time
to get on the pitch or play some foot oh
it's soccer time with a little blonde
baby
soccer game Saturday broccolis is up to
bat nice hustle Brock look those I get
it oh nice so close turn around turn it
around nice dude good good keep kicking
man keep kicking don't give up Oh get
the ball get the ball nice defense take
it in the Cobra
oh nice shot buddy listen I realize he's
a ball hog and he steals it from his own
teammate and good buddy but look at that
form
I shot buddy go brach clicking where to
go
ohh nice hustle oh just missed it it's
Mother's Day hi hello can I come in
happy Mother's Day every Mother's Day
happy Mother's Day happy Mother's Day
and the merry bells keep singing happy
Mother's Day
thank you much ah-choo ah-choo ah-choo
merry bells give her again happy
Mother's Day
me me oh please
ready to go yet I'm gonna go y'all the
kids while you're getting ready I love
you you're a great mother you're the
best mother I know right guys she's some
of your mother's
holy cow who's looking sharp this
morning your your frog is I like your
frog style it's a nice tie Brock I told
you that outfit would pop huh you look
sweet dude you ready for church go give
your mom a big kiss and tell her happy
Mother's Day will you huh
say mom I love you give her a kiss I
love you mom thanks for giving me the
light and making me breakfast every day
and just rock you'd be dead if it wasn't
for her let's just say she's faced it
all right let's go see what those other
kiddos are doing happy mothers did you
wish your mom happy Mother's Day
oh you had a record it's just you're so
sweet hey Waldo we found you we're in
New World
is Carmen hey what are you doing um
doing this thing but it's not working
what are you trying to do like the Sun
goes to me it's supposed to eat the
magnifying glass but I'm using those
classes does mom know that yeah and
they're supposed to let go and I make a
hot beam yeah you you need a magnifying
glass because basically these don't
really magnify enough Oh a mere could
work though possibly where'd you learn
this I'll look over there
your cuting it over there in the hallway
look it's like a laser you have a
homemade laser beam kinda it's a sunbeam
think how cool that is dude that summer
is shooting down from the sky
you were capturing it in this mirror and
you're shooting it onto our wall that's
cool and then we get a cat to chase it
then that would be a cool full circle
hey come here Lou let's see your hair
your hair looks really pretty alright so
what are you guys doing for Mother's Day
we're gonna go to my parents house or
actually dude we just in my nature box a
bi I always get so funny I do it's like
a fight it's been a fight in our house
right tell them about the most our most
favorite thing is I'm panelists and
we're always trying sometimes I hide it
in the pantry somewhere you and dude I
get mad because like I come home and I'm
like they've opened the nature box and
they've gone through and eaten half of
it I'm like I'm supposed to do a brand
deal with that I have to show me open in
the box for the video and they've
already eaten half of it and I haven't
even been home to see that the nature
box came it's funny it really has hung
out comb comb we fight about the nature
box I like you guys I have to open it on
camera so hey uh nature box executives
I'm sorry but you're gonna have to send
one to like a private peel box because I
can't open it on camera cuz my kids get
to it before I get a chance
anyways let's see what they sent us have
you eaten any of it yet
oh okay well we shall
in the chair you wanna eat some double
berry fruit peels that Oh mango I've
been waiting and like I don't think I've
ever had their mango coconut cashews
only got jerky now I dude bring it back
I want to take an inventory of what's in
the box oh they have beef jerky now dude
that is new us inspected and passed by
Department of Agriculture's well that's
good nutritionists approved original
beef jerky
oh nice where's that well get it where's
it shining from oh okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay they're off the Apple so
you're gonna try to burn a hole into it
okay let's just sit there maybe we can
cook some of this beef jerky on it
here lies okay so check it out the sun
shining through the window he's used the
Apple to prop up the mirror and he is
shooting a direct beam of sunlight oh
crap
it fell of course of course well it
rolled yeah set it up again yeah dude
and then when we go to church you can
just leave it there when we come back
we'll see if it burned a hole in it bad
idea
joking joking oh there is nice they love
me they know Big Island pineapple dude
that is my favorite snack they got
whole-wheat raspberry fig bars another
naturebox favorite those are really good
say that again say that in the camera
what why I don't get it why is it so fit
I'm not paying her to say that ladies
and gentlemen we really think these
snacks are delicious no honestly hands
down out of all of the brands that I've
ever worked with and I've got a lot of
brand deals for my day as a youtuber so
this is a pretty proud claim the
naturebox can make these guys are
probably the coolest company I've ever
worked with what you guys say so and out
of bran deals we've done more nature
brats brand deals than any other brand
that we've worked with because they're
just so cool and the products so good
they're so good anyways let's just make
this the brand deal then you guys you
know the deal you can get a free trial
if you're
I don't know if I want to try these
first they will send you a free box
nature box.com
to get your free trial they'll send you
a box you can pick out what you want
it's awesome they got a bunch of snacks
white cheddar caramel popcorn it's
awesome what are you gonna say sorry I
was interesting you I just I just saw
this product lip cream on them and
blueberry and it tastes really good
mm-hmm make me one will you well we
don't have any whipped cream or
blueberries well I guess I'll just have
to eat the waffle plain that sounds like
a fun thing to do though little Belgian
waffles all right you're that Sunbeam
set up it is getting worse can you fill
up I think the thing is that you just
have to be patient you can't touch it
you want to keep like putting your
finger on it to see if it's working it
looks like a spider kind of cool does to
quit infringing on my artistic
creativity yo you put chocolate on it
is that good they're supposed to be
healthy those but chocolate all over it
this camp I I had a magnifying glass and
I did it totally tuned it worked
that burned it yeah really not cool
that's the future of power dude keep
your eye on Ilan Musk
I do it's change in the world with solar
power batteries and stuff what up Ilana
I see you he's our generations Einstein
I think all right what's next give me a
pineapple and out of pineapple yet now
MacGyver's using this pocket knife to
reflect the Sun Hey look it's what I in
this really face
we need a consensus on the jerky because
this trick is really good no lie to the
people Gavin you know we have strict we
eat a lot of jerky around here in Idaho
you piece of jerky all right let's see
this eye looks good
good color good texture good consistency
mmm mmm mmm
first test it's soft don't you love that
about jerky maybe I you knock the mirror
down
Gavin hit her with that stick right
there which can don't do that this is
what nature's box is good when we're
about to go down to E and we're starving
and it's not time to eat yeah all right
I'm hungry now you just pop some coconut
cashews in there and you're good to go
right
come on monkey chomping queuing those
are good I've never tried these before
good delish okay I want to show this
this was kind of my one of my mommy day
my Mother's Day presents to Colette was
helping get the kids ready I got the
kids ready other than the kids that got
themselves ready and then I made the
kids that were able to get themselves
ready help get the younger kids ready
but Colette didn't have to do any of it
anyways look at bronze bass all right
next
Gavin Butler coming down with some khaki
pants a broom tied oh hi shirt a me loop
is with some leopard leggings a pink
skirt dress mom actually did did Emmys
hair dang it I suck um about dad now you
have to run away like a crazy person
next up we have Daxton butler with the
sweet socks on look at those shoes I
like your dress if I have beautiful
children I am a blessed man just kick
those alright everybody get in time go
to church hey James hi James
Hudgens yeah how's it going buddy
alright let's get in the car all right
we're Grandma and Grandpa's house look
at this Logan to my beautiful caring mom
thank you so much for everything that
you do have given me this is from Logan
his grandma seen this yeah it's Mother's
Day there's flowers and cards everywhere
here's a throwback Thursday there's
Casey and Caylee and Carly then there's
me and Colette and look at lo a bear and
look if you look really closely you guys
you can see Gavin in this picture can
you guys see son tard rock do you see
where Gavin is my picture look close do
you see him can you see Goblin you see
him you see Alan oh yeah what no that's
Logan that's uncle Logan Gavin's right
there see him no that's it
oh that's your mom I just uh me yeah mom
was pregnant with Galvin see there's
Gavin in that belly a long time ago huh
there's me you were in heaven looking
down thinking man I'm number four I
gotta wait oh I want to get down and
start living I want to be in mortality
why do I gotta wait to be number four
all right that's what you're doing
happy Mother's Day happy Mother's Day
happy or serene even more licen here I
go there every morning where is it
great fire fire I'm not friend Marley
here's this is oh that's heavy goodness
you can't be my happy Mother's Day
love you mom come on I'm gonna show a
little present for you to collect you
like your purse yes I love it with you
that's for VidCon so you can put things
in it yeah I like having this right here
just I like my clothes right you can put
stuff in okay what you want what's the
definition of a purse girls carry it
around stickin uh put something it guys
hope this means smart oh and I thought
you want smoke can't I just I'm just
looking for a little interaction huh
that water so hot he had to wear that
lovin it pour it up Maryam Allah thank
you happy Mother's Day waffles
love you lucky you're the best mom in
the entire world
yeah man go get down on some of that
absolute yes yeah we walk Oh mmm good
happy Mother's yeah
who wants a waffle dad you're cooking
the bacon that's why as that late and in
the morning daddy's making wall all
right we're about to watch a horse race
versus about come right on track rocky
ready
all right what a turn this Mother's Day
has taken we are underneath the
grandstands at the horse races Regina
you can put any on - I feel shaken up
and I'll grab it
hi and look we had a little baby fall
through the bleachers hi baby
oh she is issues hi hahaha we see you I
know mommy
oh there's Daxton hi alright alright we
got to get this baby out of here somehow
he is ready all right of course
Avia the ever daring you get up oh
there's the coconut water catch him
catch alight Patrick Richard what she's
hanging she's holding on by an elbow let
go doll we got you you grab her ah Emmy
oh you're right there she is she okay
save the doll thanks big sister Annie
jump whoa alright we got the baby go
come on guys
let's go run run run oh oh I hear a
helicopter coming let the fairgrounds
underneath the bleachers Scott the baby
here we go
Oh
happy Mother's Day
I'm doing what my my father did and my
sister does for watching races look at
these good kids hey dude
turn around let's see that a from rock
getting stuff done huh let me see those
gloves ha ha ha ha this is time thank
you guys
we're getting the kitchen ready for
dinner is ready
mothers we're getting ready for bunch of
people to come over thanks for helping
guys
yeah
grandpa got all the babies baby infants
hey we're all these blonde babies come
from long haired people where are your
parents where the family does that come
from cuz he does not have blond haired
parents happy Mother's Day
you wish did you assured mom happy
Mother's Day
hey Darlene happy Mother's Day I love
you
pizza steaks meatballs potatoes chips
that that that old at Annette Annette
haze up its Blogilates Blogilates shirt
you all up here like a BB you look like
a beauty hey what are you doing okay
cool this is my favorite thing about the
Mother's Day barbecue
we got a soda bucket non sponsored soda
bucket this is a non sponsored soda Cola
bucket that's refreshing that was mean
hey bro sorry bro Patrick Jill what
you're doing we're riding coach
Washington where this derives from
Mickey ho yeah oh good babe we just
busted out the brie cheese platter you
see the brie cheese butter baby
and you know I'd be remiss if I didn't
take just you know a few minutes this
Mother's Day has got to take this
opportunity while mommy tarts taking a
nap to come out here and drop some
heavy-duty machinery you know sign each
nasal you get your tractor you come out
here in your moose dirt it's funny look
there's my son right there speaking of
the devil hey boy you riding your own
motorized vehicle
hi Gavin it's looking so green up here
right now I got a big loader we're
moving dirt with this bad boy this is a
big banner I am that's a big machine
right there so we rented that because we
were using the skid steer and it was
taking too long so we need to get a big
machine so you rented this for three
days just to move a bunch of dirt in a
big flat spot down there the flat spot
keeps growing that's the size of the
machinery keeps growing so gonna be a
big soccer field I mean check this thing
out look there's a basketball hoop we're
above the hoop livin like above the rim
man above the rim yet yeah oh you're
right come here you're okay you're okay
oh you're tough ow right on your butt
come here
Oh Bobby come here you're right oh go
with you okay go for it
go get your helmet hey bruiser what are
you doing back set what do you want your
Mother's Day present I got your Mother's
Day present anyway I got two more stuff
because I like you hey need a helmet
Roxy get on and go get a helmet that
defeats the purpose doesn't work but I
like your reasoning I'm gonna go get my
helmet don't pay him money
uno he has dead animal you just did it
I'm sorry I'm trying to warn you don't
let him fall he's gonna get running down
the hill and fall Hey
gravity is a powerful thing do they sink
you rolling something dead bad boy
that's roll come here Dax what's up
sister
how was that bike up the hill
beautiful alright he's obsessed with
these carrots kind of lure them all in
come on doing exactly what I don't want
them to do is to come in
oh look on all the food still on the
table pretty sure they're gonna end up
there all these two boxes still out
there
they're little apprehensive thank you
cracks me up he's still in love with
these cats cuz the funny thing is he's
highly allergic
highly it's right wait where'd you go
Shh can we meet here with all these cats
oh man
dogs and cats and cats and dogs we got a
houseful yes shake it's super itchy and
like he gets high v when he plays with
the cats but he still loves to he's so
cute
I call him the cat man oh you can't well
why are you trying to bring them all
inside the garage well I'm trying to
keep these cats alive okay cat man
yes the white one's been missing what
talk about what's a while was Delhi here
it's kind of crazy oh my goodness I'm
sorry the vlog is late you guys had to
drive down and have a meeting with my
little brother Logan always killing it
is that what you're always doing I'm
trying to I'm trying to work hard gain
my part in his and his trying to make
his little part in this world happy
Mother's Day please tell me you wished
your mom happy Mother's Day if you
didn't you can wish Colette happy
Mother's Day she could be your mommy
she's my mommy
that's not a word again just look I love
my mom mom happy Mother's Day I love you
my mom Logan our mom Logan say something
about your mom right now
mom you know I heard this quote the
other day in church and it was like when
I was 7 years old you were so ignorant
and then I met you again at 21 years old
and you learned so much in seven years
what that means is no more zombies when
I met you at 14-14 yeah 14 to 21 yeah
that was a joke it's still funny so
you're saying that mom was right the
whole time Logan that's how it is you
know tell the kids right now Logan okay
how old are you oh hi I'm 20 but I went
through my teenage years and I went
through them hard mm-hmm and what'd you
learn you learn your mom and I were
right 81
the funny thing is is in your head you
know that she's right but it's like a
pride thing almost that you're just
gonna keep fighting to make yourself
right even though deep inside joy she's
right mom mom are you listening moms
everywhere
are you listening there's gonna be some
hard years you know you did it to your
mom we love you mom we love all of you
moms and all you future moms and you
know what we love anybody who's
unselfish enough to give their life to
make the human species that's pretty
cool all right love you mom that's
pretty cool I got on camera not audio
dang it procreation goals what is that
you're making about me Oh anyways this
is long it's like all right thank you to
nature box this episode is brought to
you by nature box I love nature boss Oh
delicious nature box.com
of snacks you can get a free trial now
YouTube dot not YouTube
naturebox.com/tyler take it out all
right love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow okay a long blog huh happy
Mother's Day
