dude I am such a better youtuber than
Prince the start is good it's a start
how many megabytes is that video how
many third a something big happened in
my life just now a momager thinks it's
weird because we hear you're like why is
it so cool you were never a boy scout
this reminds me of being a boy scout
it's like I just became an Eagle Scout
forever ago I was like I gotta get to
SkyMiles you guys remind me to get sky
mountain I've missed out on so many
flights that I didn't get on my sky
miles but finally I did it today I just
got the silver medallion
I just went one notch up now I want to
go on more flights because I want to
work up to get to the gold medallion
alright it's time to get on the airplane
one thing we do for luck is be touched
the outside of the airplane alright
that's good the baby's bothering the
people in the sea in front of us
alright let's go slap it we're safety
for good times safety measure
alright 35 all right you guys ready to
fly to New York City
yeah gonna sleep breathe and stay awake
yeah I would recommend you guys go to
sleep I'm gonna spend the entire flight
editing this video okay I hope you
enjoyed that please thumbs it up because
I'm gonna be up all my animals we want
to find cool correlations through the
years to like things that are happening
today so like what did I do six years
ago would be cool to see if I was
probably I'll tell you six years ago I
was a hundred pounds heavier and not
doing a Disney World for CrossFitters
that's for sure I'm gonna be late I am
gonna be late for wor K so how do you
respond to traffic this is this is a
little part of leading a happy life you
make the decision of how you react to a
certain situation bar people are is like
show you seem so happy all the time
what's your secret there's nothing I can
do about this traffic there's nothing I
can do so let's just enjoy this moment
oh quit skipping I'm so mad my CDs get
mean why do you always have to skip
that's we're gonna go in the kitchen
what do you think for the starters I
look sweet that looks so nice that frame
oh yeah that's gonna be a classic family
photo and now I'm watching the sunset
with my loved ones specifically the
hillside was calling to me through he
had to come up here alright good night
no it's time for mommy and daddy to him
I just want to make a real quick video
me and clutter actually going out to a
really nice club tonight we're ganna
it's one of our favorite artists
performing and she doesn't come in town
very often so we're really lucky but we
are here while she's here anyways or
here at the door right now
hi ma'am we'd like to see the show
tonight I'm here oh yeah sorry I forgot
my history you gained a few pounds says
this picture yeah I've been on the road
making a documentary and there's not a
lot of healthy options sorry how good is
that wing right now
I'm here present from your kids now if
you eat all your food you can have me
and play with me right there oh happy
birthday
how does it feel to be 10 B so many
different it's just another day oh look
at your hair whose birthday is it today
you know it - look at the camera
I'm talking to you when you're 16 not
right now in your 6 I love you right now
as a six year old I'm talking to you
when you're sixteen lesson princess earn
that boy is not the one you're gonna
marry and well I don't know who he is
now you'll find out when he comes it's
her birthday and I let her pick out her
own cake it's better than any cake right
I want to carry the cake you carry the
camera okay what do you guys think I'm
gonna carry the cake
Houston life advice what have you
learned in 10 years on this earth good
if you were to give people watching
today how about 10 year old girls or how
about little girls eight year-old girls
nine year old girls what was one piece
of advice that you would give to little
girls watching right now I'd probably
say don't be shy express your feelings
to everyone don't don't tell them how
you feel it's just like not don't try to
kind of hide them let's talk about like
just share how you feel others I have
anybody so they'll just like what have
you learned in your 9 years what's the
most important thing listen if you were
to talk to somebody who's just coming to
this earth maybe an alien shows up
they're like hey Here I am first day on
earth what should I know what would you
tell that alien after you've lived here
for nine years that is horrible advice
think of one thing you know a lot of
things sometimes in your life you will
have that situation sometimes you'll
have good situations so don't wish that
you would want to have another situation
because it will go through fast Reb
another matter
okay enough happy birthdays your
birthday is over shut up okay to my lane
did you see that yesterday by edit to
the hook it to my vein you don't think
to watching the trade art video you
cured whatever they're likely excuse did
you watch us what a straight towards
video the song you are not a guitar I
saw those girls staring at you in the
background
and then I said I know them and they
stopped stared at you are you still
watching those guys this episode is just
girly and one of those wanting to have a
flat stomach and that's what they're
doing I just here Gavin down here
cracking up hey guys guess what today
I'm Pete bars playing capture the flag I
jerked out a lot because I was like who
we I'm usable as the flag since we don't
Flags
Iran in the circle there's like a circle
with the ball in it and the other team
can't go in there and get you but you
have five seconds to either throw the
ball to the to another teammate on the
other team's side or just run and when I
did it was I nobody is thought to so I
ran and I dipped a lot of people and
then I ran past them where is it they'd
all come um it's like it's chef yeah
dude I'll totally be there that's sounds
like a lot of fun man I can't wait where
you been doing I haven't seen you the
entire party where were you at you're
right there people hey dude people in
the comments have been saying they think
that you're missing cuz you haven't been
the last couple of vlogs people think
you're missing cuz you weren't in the
last couple blog blogs do you care are
you even listening to me it was awesome
the gift that we were giving her as
these memories these moments in our
lives
welcome we can start practicing that
you're welcome hey you can ask that girl
back there to help you learn how to play
piano
did you watch yesterday's show towards
video
you
together
