you want to wake up back staring you're
gonna choke yeah that's a choking hazard
you got it yeah there you go finish
eating it good good job good job
ah these crackers are making me so ah
what did you put in these crackers
rustic rustic rustic I think you might
have to do when you go that hard in the
gym so you don't have time to go to the
bathroom you just got to pee while
you're working out you ready to get a
surgery yes let's do this we're going to
shoot some lasers in your eyes so hard
today hey what are you doing yeah hi
guys okay so today is the day I am going
in for eye surgery I'm laughing a little
bit because she's still getting ready I
cut down my getting ready time
drastically today because I'm not
allowed to wear any creams deodorants
lotions makeup like nothing I just had
to shower get totally clean and have
clean clothes and I'm ready if I did
this every day it would drastically cut
down my getting ready for time but my
skin is kind of itchy because I want
some lotion I can't have anything on my
body that's going to possibly interfere
with the laser that's going to be going
into my eye today I am a little nervous
I'm excited I'm a little scared I'm
thrilled if it all goes down the way it
should I will be able to see today and I
will not have to wear these glasses
anymore you will not see me anymore yeah
here we go guys
I will just sit here and think about
life and eyeballs while I wait for shave
laser eye surgery surgery I'm getting it
too I'm gonna get him to make my eyes
worse with lasers shoot the lasers in my
eyeballs here if you haven't I don't
collect we're pulling out of the garage
today so we've been talking about this
ever since I heard it was a thief and I
was like what no way I don't have my
glasses on so everything is blurry and I
just thought this is gonna be the last
time looks like this hey enjoy alloc
enjoy the most enjoy the blurriness
right just like embrace it so that I can
embrace the clarity clarity the
counterintuitive it seems to shoot a
laser into your eye
don't they always tell you that don't
point the laser vision forever all right
here we go headed to the AI Center to
getting shot in the back you ready to be
healed ready for your vision to be
healed do you think Jesus used lasers
when he was curing people's eyesight or
was it just the power of God maybe the
power of lasers is the power of God
maybe that's the type of power he used
as lasers maybe Jesus would like to shot
him with laser they didn't know I think
surgeons are definitely closer to being
like Jesus than I am I disagree with
them I disagree strongly with that
actually I think you are actually the
closest person of Jesus that I know
seriously
real talk real talk what's up relative
echo long you know right
I talked your relative atoll all right
we're in the pre-op process they're
about to come measure for corneas in
there a little later you know I can't
wait for that chill you out a little bit
are we still up tonight
look into my veins did you see that
yesterday my edit to the hook it to my
veins
oh thanks for watching the Shaytards
video you jerk whatever likely excuse
did you watch yesterday's video the
typography was way off glut has bad
typography I always knew your typography
was no good alright so we did not get
LASIK eye surgery
apparently miscommunication some tests
that they were supposed to do before we
started this whole process didn't work
properly or something anyways they did
the test again and I am NOT a good
candidate for LASIK because my corneas
are shaped weird I have other options
like I could get an intro lens like that
they actually be in my eye like a perma
contact lens they inject they put inside
your eyes so that's like the best option
for me but hence I'm not getting LASIK
today so are eatin lunch no I did get a
valium in before they told me that how
annoying right we spend a whole day
coming here oh my hell and now it's
frustrated very like I don't want to be
like angry and mad at the place that I'm
doing it with but it's like somewhere
there was a miscommunication or missed
test or something and now we're to this
point but I'm really glad they didn't do
the surgery with with yeah they just
didn't say well it just do it try it is
that what you should you should we be
annoyed it's like this whole months you
could wear a contacts
way to make an hour drive to come to the
place and they're like oh actually that
you're not good for the surgery it's at
first I was frustration
like you can point fingers or whatever
but I don't want to do that it's just
one of those like can you know it's a
blessing it kind of always annoys me
when like youtubers or people who have
big social media fallen just like you
everybody go and get mad at this
business for me because I mad at them
it's like businesses mess up you don't
have to always like drag businesses down
you know or try to give them I'm
watching TV as I'm trying to flow sorry
I'm not paying attention you guys I'm
watching SportsCenter there's so many
TVs like all these TVs and nachos the
whole day just got better thank you
these are free years listen yeah water
is good awesome more water thank you
well you didn't get eye surgery but you
got no I mean there are positives like
this would this other thing will be
better for my afraid I decide to do it
but on the other side I can still go to
CrossFit with you tomorrow oh yeah these
nachos in celebration look at this cute
CrossFit crew goodness tapes put that
thing away
hey guys it's Friday
TGIF fun Friday's what the girls call it
feel like vlogging yesterday you're the
poor we enough we're a little
disappointed yes I was very disappointed
I tried to be tough but I definitely had
a cry moment in the bathroom where it
was like this whole build-up of I'm
gonna get LASIK I'm ready I'm ready you
know and I was nervous so I'm the
nervous for like weeks about this whole
surgery like excused herself went to the
bathroom and she came back down and she
brought herself together I said did you
just go in there and cry yeah it was
really disappointing what happened
but there was just a mess up a mess up
on one of the readings of the test they
originally thought it was a good
candidate turns out I'm not but I'm glad
that they didn't just go ahead and do it
with me not being it's kind of it there
are other options that I can do but I'm
not ready to you know dive into that yet
basically ever they're gonna inject a
permanent contact lens inside of her eye
yeah I mean that's another option but
I'd have to build up a lot for that one
too so I'm just gonna take a break I
need to let my nerves calm down before
we can make another decision
anyway alright so basically it's Friday
morning we just got done with CrossFit
usually I don't put the same day footage
in the day's vlog but figured wouldn't
have a lot of footage yesterday was a
big day yesterday we've been looking
forward to that for a long time she's
been talking about getting LASIK for a
decade you know we've been married for
12 years and you know when I first got
married it blew me away how blind to us
we would sit there and I would hold my
fingers up I'm like you can't even see
how many fingers I'm holding up because
I just I've had really just was blessed
and lucky to have a good vision like I'm
not showing off I'm just saying that I'm
better than you that's how I'm trying to
say so yesterday was pretty
disappointing like we don't feel like
vlogging happiness is a choice sure we
don't care we're pissed off but today is
a different day
it's Friday we're shopping Hey hi dad oh
I love you dad I love you mom hey mom
I'm a kid
in the Academy he's so shy how'd you get
so blonde mom kiss one kiss one kisses
come on bro we gave you your life we
give you your bed hey somebody figured
out how to lounge now he's stuck and
claustrophobic hey you guys I've been
thinking about something that I said the
other day you guys remember when I was
talking about that comment on the deck
the other day and I'm like just don't
give a good gosh darn about what people
think about you and just do what you
want to do in life I think sometimes
that when we hear that kind of quote we
automatically think about the haters you
know like don't listen to the people who
are discouraging you or sometimes when
you think about that you're like yeah
don't listen to those kind of people but
I think it also sometimes and in a very
more difficult type situation might mean
not carrying what people you look up to
think about you because what if who you
want to be is somebody different than
somebody who you are worried about
thinking a certain way about you you
know I'm saying like you have a dream
for yourself but maybe somebody that you
admire somebody that you love wants
something different for you in your life
and you're just like I want to make them
happy but that's not what makes me happy
yeah do you know I'm saying so sometimes
when I say don't care what other people
think sometimes it even has to be the
people that you look up to and admire or
that you love or close to you now listen
don't any of you kids be doing stuff
your parents told you not to me like
Shay said I could do whatever I'm saying
but sometimes you think about that right
Dax
any advice no all right I heard a really
good quote the other day it was
something like confidence isn't saying
they're gonna like me confidence is
being able to say they might not like me
and I'm okay with that I don't care if
they don't like me yeah yo that's the
end of today's vlog but I just found
some extra hidden cabin footage that I'm
gonna put in right here hello good
morning it's Saturday it's Saturday yo
gap Meister what are you cracking up
over at there are you still watching
those guys this episode is just girly
and one of those wanting to have a flat
stomach and that's what they're doing I
just hear gavin down here cracking up
all right I'll see you the race dude you
ready tricks and Mama he's soaking his
foot hey Brock what's up what do you
wanna say to mom oh that's what you
wanted to say what
oh okay so we are right now headed to
the winter what's this cold we're we're
in Park City Winter Olympic this is
where the Olympics were like the Olympic
ski jump it said we'll see come on we'll
show you
let's go so mom's watching these boys
and she's still getting ready and then
we're gonna meet all the tricks and crew
over at their house and then we're
headed to this CrossFit race this should
be quite the day basically we are
dealing with absolute gorgeous
countryside that's what I'm trying to
say here cracker bro gonna finish your
cracker hey buddy
can you finish that cracker you want to
wake up Jax doing you're gonna choke
yeah that's a choking hazard you got it
yeah there you go
finish eating it good these crackers are
making me so sorry what did you put in
these crackers are they're sleepy
stragglers you have you
over these crackers they are so
delicious I sleep now and dream about
cracker well so that was footage that
was supposed to go in the like Tuesday
video but I guess I already had like 23
minutes so I wasn't looking for the
other footage that was on this camera
that I forgot that I had so that's kind
of frustrating that I forgot to put that
footage in that vlog but whatever I'm
sure you like to see it now and if you
didn't see us do that CrossFit
competition race go check it out it was
a lot of fun we are actually making a
really cool video to go on the shaycarl
jennel that we're working on right now
the Blake is editing so that'll be up
soon love you guys we will see you on
Monday we appreciate you guys being with
us there's gonna be a cool rewind video
tomorrow where we kind of take a look
back through the years if you didn't see
last week's video they're really cool we
go through and see what were we doing
like you know this Monday and then it's
like what are we doing exactly six years
ago on Monday and we kind of go back in
time through the Shaytards vault through
the reruns of the Shaytards analog and
we kind of like connect the story of our
lives and it's cool to see how the kids
have grown up over the years and there's
the fattest part is like reliving old
Chatard moments like the moment where
baby
that's I'm trying to do an end slate
over here and to be honest you're being
quite rude with your throwing of the
toys and your goo Goo's in your Gaga's
he doesn't care anyways well they send
baby tard locked in the bathroom
hilarious classic Shaytards moan Daxton
come here come here come say hi to these
guys hold on guys guys guys Dada system
hey can you say hi say hi guys hi guys I
love you oh that's you on Monday say
Monday oh well actually tomorrow
yes that okay bye guys
