look at the birthday girl hey birthday
girl in a skirt are you having a good
birthday seriously she's the cutest
thing in the world happy birthday I wish
I could have looked as cool as her when
I was her age I did not look at school
hey guys it is bill paying time are we
gonna go pay some bills he got a sucker
at the bank
guess I'm a horrible parent sometimes we
eat suckers at the bay and blue suckers
make your armpits blue he was singing a
song about blue suckers and then he put
an armpit
instead of tongue and it was funny huh
sing it I can't my tongue is blue blue
suckers make your tongue in armpits blue
all right we're gonna go pay some bills
the old-fashioned way at the post office
yes of course you can come in okay I'm
coming and you you've got to send the
bills for me okay
can you do that okay Hey look at my
veins whack nothing's know does it that
Shay sometimes you just have to cut
stuff out that I'm saying
my name's Shane shade
oh I'm filming my shoulder it's been a
long day all right don't have post
office with cowboy Brock here
he believes in America and camo boots
yeah cute soup real cat we pop superhero
cowboy Brock you're the cutest kid ever
Susan hold on no blond of the street
stay here hold hands everyone hold hands
that's what we do all right you ready I
love you okay can you help me put a
stamp on this show you how to piss on my
girl this well because
you're a hold it for you I just put in
my mouth look no because you have to
talk to the guy on the camera hi guys I
mean girls gals whatever okay you need
to take one of those dance and you need
to put it right here you know why guess
why
because that's like money that's how we
pay to have our stuff sent so if we
don't put a stamp on it they won't send
it got to put it right there
good okay down now we need one on the
other one and now I put it right there
perfect okay
now these need to go in here can you put
them in there oh good job
high-five okay okay here you go
all right show me again there's this
dance that Brock's been teaching me and
I'm trying to learn it it's not a dance
it's a walk he's been walking like this
today and my diet right oh yeah best I
love it
does he look like he needs gummy worms
you just have a sucker yeah what yeah
who's that
dad who's that are you guys doing the
Walker
baby boy extravaganza did I get for not
pulling up after myself no goodness
look there pulls perfectly pretty much
fun pretty much almost did they stand
there for perfect doctrine discord think
anyone's no yeah what yeah Danny no come
here you just will go her now a little
toss old like wait I don't want to be
golems toy right now oh these are sweet
oh great
look at this crazy girl Avia what go get
your daughter
you home hit her she got it from you
she's about to slam dunk herself she
just pulled money out of her cleavage
that she did she's been hanging other
grandma too long let's see this teamwork
whoa I'll be impressive I could do that
I should use the bar oh nice save we get
some little gymnasts on our hands oh she
will say thank you
there's no way am easy I'll help baby
out there let's do a play-by-play can
you help me there you go I'll help you
now little sister teamworks Oh what did
you do I'm serious just trust me just
trust me sisters was she it's not only
camera still she's trying to go on top
oh nice
she did it no what's she gonna do up
there I spin around oh gosh
nice - best friends want to go play on
the playground rock all right let's go
what is going on monkey girl I'm so
proud of you
a little shaky but Avia is your butt
shaky no you're not scared huh are you a
monkey butt mm-hmm Avia did you have a
good birthday you guys are cute Paxton
who has a monkey
I reckon I ought to take a picture of
you over here on the stickiness grab
young lad if you followed me on
instagram you woulda got to read my
hilarious capture hidden mommy tar oh
there's just many here fishes fishes
where did mommy tar go where's there's
baby tard where's mommy - there she is
go here I'll get her
look at these two please - Gandalf are
you Jack Frost
hey Brock we do me a favor real quick I
want you to put that staff in the ground
like Gandalf and say thou shalt not pass
can you do that huh
one more time do it again kind of you
want one of those
well maybe that looks kind of fun huh
when I get one of those you do all right
we'll see
hey little blonde baby you're gonna
protect the fields you know they are
he's shepherding the fields Dax dead
look at that brush his little angel
started from a couple cells now he has
an agenda
Dax did I love you get him
Wingardium Leviosa are you going to
mount Mordor what's up
always looking from works orcs I don't
know he's looking for
I can turn the camera off it's too cute
I want to turn it off but I just can't
all right it's a vyas birthday and for
her birthday she requested a pedicure so
hating her states done happy birthday
how does it feel to be 10
she's already different it's just
another day double digits finally but no
ear piercing yet I add to it close 12 so
I think it's a good compromise
hey pray get your toes done what color
did you pick I pick you specially oh
yeah
what color did you pick always loving
the massage chair I keep hearing I know
what's going on out there getting it are
we hanging out in the nail bar oh I love
it I love that little swoop Freddy and
birthday girl toes winter self an hour I
love it but let's see that oh I love the
red sparkles always that's always
classic always been my work honey time
of year mm-hmm
this is a fun birthday look look the
birthday girl hey birthday girl in a
skirt are you having a good birthday
seriously she's the cutest thing in the
world happy birthday I wish I could have
looked as cool as her when I was her age
I did not look at school as her first
out on the patio dad's doing some work
reading some chips and salsa and
artichoke hey I'm just yelling at
everyone just left a comment we talked
about in the hot tub the other day that
Disney side video I'm doing an hour-long
AMA where I'm answering questions tell
me if you think I wonder what the Disney
people think about this guy
I wonder what they think about a lot of
things that you do Lytton tell me I
couldn't say certain things or just
common I'm trying to find this comment I
just levels guy and back to the birthday
girl I'm Janelle my cat's a little
getting brave okay so listen to this
comment I left this guy this guy says
and I think a lot of you guys have had
this question so this might be a good
applicable clickable clickable a
playable question for you guys
he says hi Shea would you have any
advice for someone wanting to vlog but
who can't seem to get over the wall of
psychological blocks to actually start
making and uploading the videos cuz you
know yeah I mean it's a scary thing to
be able to like you know talk in front
of people and then like have people like
judge you or even out in public
vlogging out in public we first started
it was hard now it's not did you like it
you did a good job so here's my advice
to Al Bundy 59 and you and you and
everybody
I said think about standing next to your
casket as a spirit at your funeral
looking at your dead body and as you
reflect on your mortality think to
yourself is there anything that I wish I
would have done when I had the chance or
you could just say Yolo Hakuna Matata
not give a good gosh-darn about what
other people think I like it
sad a little weird creepy I think that
raise hopes I think thinking about your
death thinking about what's gonna really
matter
oh it's like yeah it's like that when
the moment happens when it's like you
don't have a chance to do any of those
things anymore it's like you got to do
it now why care about what other people
think do the things you want to do cuz
you're going to be dead and when you're
dead you're not gonna care about what
other people thought about you govern
aren't you cuz you're gonna be dead ha
ha yay for being dead look who got a
ride in the skid-steer with old Danny
Boy lucky dog
gets to ride in the big machinery he's
so cute
this is what a little boy's life should
be just working on having a good time
being adorable
Brock I love you hi lru ha ha you get
that your dad's over Phil Phil yet
broccoli
there you go go build it he goes running
over there his camo pants oh he just
disappeared totally hopefully he's okay
hey look at Saxon American ships oh hey
baby boy feed my chips whoa look mom
whoa hey be careful you can take over my
job that's my job be careful here comes
the cavalry
Brock was T in the Navy was driving up
the road
yeah put in the garage and Brock was
trying to hurry and finish peeing so
Avia didn't run him over it was funny
there's Gavin and Braley I saw you maybe
was about to run you over huh yeah yeah
whoa what's that skateboarder doing
started looking it out mmm is that ice
cream that we guys did oh yeah here's
one got your nails did huh
nice slide bro yeah let's see oh yes
happy birthday nails Brock let me see
that hat dude you look so cool man
you're cool what's that brown see what's
that brown see yeah uh you guys Bronks
have you guys um this is really
embarrassing
Bronks lost his like have you guys seen
it he can't remember if he left it like
under the couch or behind the TV I just
he wanted me to ask if any of you have
seen it cuz he needs it so if anybody
has found it could you send it just
kiddin Bronks poor guy was out roaming
the countryside and he stepped in a trap
and I'm like a fox trap and so he lost
his leg but he hasn't lost his spirit
and his motivation for life and that's a
good motivation for all of us you don't
need four legs you can be a happy dude
with three legs prompt easy go bumpy we
left him where he loves hims he's a good
boy wanna show us your skid stop wish I
could do a skid stop like that let's see
it he reels Kelvinator Gavin Butler with
the cool brake skip step yeah
like let me let me try just give me one
shot at it coach
here here film this try nvm max movie of
all time
oh yeah I could top that bring it yeah
you know why cuz I'm a rad dude and
that's what rad dudes do whoops-a-daisy
oh here he comes here he comes
come on let's see you top it good close
about 10 years old give me some life
advice what have you learned in 10 years
on this earth I've learned alright it's
good learned a lot of life situation if
you were to give people watching today
how about ten-year-old girls or how
about little girls eight-year-old girls
nine-year-old girls what was one piece
of advice that you would give to little
girls watching right now I probably say
don't be shy express your feelings to
everyone don't tell them how you feel
just like not don't try to kind of hide
them or talk about like just share how
you feel
others might of anybody so they'll just
like you okay so be a real person
yeah like if you you lie to someone just
to make sure they like you that's not
good
yeah no yeah because we just have to be
who we are right
that's pretty good advice for
ten-year-old alright happy birthday
sister let's go eat some food on for bed
come on move it oh oh you can't just
filming with it I put on the deck right
there it's my beer all right when you're
done with that I need all of the trees
trim hey dude come here get over here
over there get it good blow it on the
side good what a man
child Labor's my favorite labor you know
that
it's time for the birthday girl to get
some presents
happy birthday Mia - happy birthday yet
there's wings here we're not singing yet
there's no cake happy birthday to you
sing to your sister happy birthday to
you happy birthday I'm for singing over
guys
happy birthday our 10 year old daughter
hey BIA may the 4th be with you may the
full look brock's Darth Vader oh yeah
that's great
I like it
this is
part of life is love
