clogging yes I am Danny right here we
are let's go see the boys boys boom
ready ready to go you ready I was a
great intro about to kill today turn
around let's see Oh
bagels bagels bagels I look at him he
already has everything hung up and
folded it's got moving trucks coming in
you guys ready do this yeah this is the
dorm room the boys dorm phone number for
the Merry Maids here we go race day oh
my blue clouds and by that I meant white
who's ready for CrossFit competition
check this out Utah Olympic Park look at
these clouds these are like movie clouds
this is what Howard Hughes wanted when
he was making his airplane movie big
perspective clouds who's the boss brunch
the boss see tell Mac is ready for this
dude have you seen the new L Mac
skateboard is rocking the new pro model
deck it's sweet man look at D rock over
there
together we did the New York City
Marathon together let's make an
agreement k right now this anytime any
of us ever do any kind of race at all
any event like this we have to be
together
oh sorry stop yelling at me
this klutz glasses Dan I'm excited
decided then we're not wrecking any
records then we're here to build
camaraderie chill out hey did you guys
bring the valium every day he's running
on 1200 milligrams of caffeine right
here we go get to the choppa
that's how serious of like a workout
event this is is they have a air medical
chopper on standby hopefully nobody's
actually in that I wonder why it's
running that's a little scary
he's riding into where's your tech deck
dude how are you not dead decking that
he pulls it out come on have you not
tech back you what dude this is like
built what if we built one of these in
the backyard next to the soccer field
full size Tech Deck skatepark maybe
we'll just actually get real skateboards
we are here to compete in exercise who
can exercise the best are you the best
exerciser I hope to exercise with the
best of them check it out this is the
very first that's gonna be intense look
at that they're running straight up now
okay so they're running up to the stairs
dude that's a big set of stairs
wow that is a lot of stairs holy crap
alright mom and dad are here they
brought an umbrella cuz it is sunny out
here is ready for this
Harry Poppins i Mary Poppins here's the
thing we got our gear we got all of our
stuff our bags our stickers our school
candies now we're gonna go up and we're
gonna drop all of our stuff off and get
like ready to make you high up here we
go
electric Gavin new here we are like
we're out in the prison yard like we're
doing wave burpees out in the prison
yard hey guys if we're in the prison
yard I call him red like Shawshank
Redemption I want to be ready I'm a guy
and get you things you need stuff in a
place like this this is the warm-up
station get it looks am juggling rocks
over here like a celebrity alright guys
I'm gonna tell you where you're going
I'm gonna tell you what the workouts are
along the way I'm gonna break through
the floor groups right now don't panic
once you get to that mad line and just
run it back to the start run to the
finish make sense guys yeah and every
workout station there's water everywhere
cuz you have people there to help you
more pre-workout where do we have more
pre-workout at I just followed you on
Twitter
30 seconds it's so funny cuz you're like
aw like learn it excited then as soon as
you start it's like here we go we are
running up that there's my mom and dad
here's my family there's my brother
there's my wife here's my beard I don't
know these guys but they seem pretty
cool hey dudes
here we go look at this stuff I've
always wondered what this stuff was dude
Olympians eat on this hey Kate we got
weed I'm your head look we're working
out together we're using our bodies and
feeling alive and talking about our
lives I'm tired all right here we go
Katie let up school it is warm it is
warmer oh wow
what if this is feet so how far dude wow
that's so pretty
dude huh this is a race but this is
tough
oh these are steep oh nice
tiller Steve way harder than you think
walk upstairs
his grandma tard
and centered hi guys
that's awesome hey dudes
don't fall mom mom hey Titans we're on
to the next obstacle so it's kind of
what it is is there's a run it's a 3k
run but in between running you get to
exercise whether it's climb up a ski
jump or lift wall boss with me looking
good all right rolling into the second
all right I don't get any footage of
that because I was doing it it was hard
but now we're on the loose weird
illusion I like where there's ice and
something to sit on all right we did it
I was guys these guys got some cool
all right that was whoo tell you what
that was intense
all right let's get down on this all
right we're getting the post-workout
guys what are we eating chicken salad
sandwich just limited edition lemon ice
skater in childhood memories really
right there huh kiss it bae han what i
just listen we just did a crossfit race
in the mountains if there are two items
in this entire convenience store that i
would not buy it's spicy Funyuns and
spicy v8 tomato juice right barb Asians
right crazy let's get it alright we're
now we're gonna sit in a hot tub and
watch two men take their shirts off and
punch each other I still haven't decided
who I want to win pac-man you guys are
in for pacman Pacquiao I don't know man
I don't think Mayweather can be beat
actually so this has been such a cool
day it's been so fun hanging out with
all my siblings except for Carly who's
in Chicago we miss you and it's so
beautiful up here
I feel so blessed and lucky I just want
to make sure you know just in case look
in the mirror right now Hey look in
there yeah just in case you want to come
back and be like remember that one
weekend in Park City you want to come
back and relive it will teleport here
someday
I'll be like remember I'm so glad we got
that portal into that cabin we read it
in Park City okay we're about to go
watch the Pacquiao Mayweather fight
which I am NOT like a huge box boxing
fan I'm watching tonight for statistics
I'm interested in analytics this evening
I feel like this could be the most
viewed / most televised event in history
sporting event I'm pretty positive but
maybe even just like right Sam don't you
think a lot of people will be doing it
in pac-man I would like to have a grand
total of bets placed this evening it
could be in the hundreds of millions
that's why I'm saying this could be the
most televised advances yeah oh Babylon
oh it's so beautiful the birds were
chirping oh all right we're just
lounging out Glatt you tired sleepy
sleep Sam had to fight you liked it
Disney World for CrossFit is a little
like yeah a place to go Derek you have
fun time Disney World for crossfitter
was good hey you guys just uploaded that
Shaytards rewind on Saturday we're gonna
be doing those every week so you guys I
need your help will you help me find the
clips like every you know how it's like
check out the video one two three four
five six and they're always crazily
little eat well you guys tweet me
moments if you see those if you're one
of the people that go through the end
slate and click on the videos and watch
the 1 2 3 4 5 & 6 we want to find cool
correlations through the years - like
things that are happening today so like
what did I do six years ago would be
cool the if I was probably I'll tell you
six years ago I was 100 pounds heavier
and not doing a Disney World for
CrossFitters that's for sure
not doing that maybe we're at
Disneyworld six years ago dude speaking
of CrossFit do that again then again
look at that else it the legs up oh the
Hang and hold his feet up do it again do
it again
that's good he's like yeah hold them up
hold your feet up like this hold you
feet up like this hang on it hold your
feet up
no adorable hey hey oh here we go
put your feet up put your feet up no
pick them up that's hard dead kalevi
buddy and Levy all right we're in the
post section evening of this sweat some
words I don't know there you look
handsome in that gear dude there's a
monster cold sore coming in on the
southeastern side of my lip Danny you
got a remedy for cold sores hey where's
that pocket knife you got don't you I
need a pocket knife and a blowtorch to
take care of this cold sore on my face
all right we're getting drinks for the
fight split wants root beer I want some
coconut water and now I'm watching the
sunset with my loved ones specifically
the hillside was calling to me so he had
to come up here these yeah look at this
sunset it is so pretty up here what a
day
yes fresh and the moon dude are we in
paradise right it's so pretty it's like
a 1986 Jeep Saturn starting until that
started it was really sad rating and I
couldn't come up with a legit car brand
I suck my improv skills are way off what
I say a Jeep Saturn Grand Cherokee
Laredo could have been a Subaru didn't
sound like a Subaru Outback what that
sounded like
did you just hear it you're cheating
you're looking at the car I like
dramatic dude third wow
I need boots on like that this is tragic
might get darker oh wait it probably
will because that's what happens at
nighttime so we get this Brock hold up
wait a minute I want to tell you a story
okay it's just a sign of the times it's
a cool generational thing anyways we're
about to watch the Pacquiao Mayweather
fight like we said probably one of the
biggest media events ever and grandma is
going back to the house and taking some
of the kids and they're trying to decide
if they want to stay and watch the fight
or go with Grandma to the other house
and Gavin just says to gauge how the
fight will be on YouTube we'll watch it
later it will be over yeah that's just
funny to hear you say that
just like my 11 year old son like we'll
watch it later on YouTube what she went
out to the car they're leaving if you're
going with Grandma you got to go now oh
I know who I want to go with Grandma hey
Dax what's up bud you want to watch the
Mayweather Pacquiao fighter goes grandma
go his grandma said looking to plan last
round there's 55 seconds in the 12th
round of the Mayweather Pacquiao fight
2015 I think these last 40 seconds you
just got to go go go mayhem you gotta go
Floyd mayhem weather get impact bad 40
seconds there's 40 seconds Latino
collect let some tents over there do
they are swinging hard man 30 seconds
come on there's some tired at this point
every screaming yeah I did hit him it's
over who won who won
we'll see we'll see
hit him you can tell he's just coming
out of winter look how thick his coat is
zoom in on your pretty buddy your coach
looking thick nice and Shaggy's means
you're healthy don't you think about my
coat that's the cause this is why I'm
here look at that thing that's where
they mix it it mix it all this is the
chocolate factory and onion tell me
which one the only problem this is what
life's all about babies a dream I just
read in Chapter four that this is good
for you it might not be a right book it
science is science science and I'm happy
and I got a big bag of a lot of other
stuff too Oh daddy pops we got some
stuff for the other kids yeah we did
wash our guys don't worry babe
how good is that wing right now I joined
the camera in the wrong time really are
look at this we got wind it is really
appalling no it's burning your tip line
blowing balls and then eating wings
teaching the boy how to bowl yeah
learning the ball add a row to bow down
the fourth floor hit I love how you're
just hearing him like a bowling ball
bowling ball that ready I'm gonna juggle
already oh okay
I know right
okay watch this watch how far your
brother
ready
all right my baby's got a game based on
throw a strike
okay because now I have a chance to show
off my precision game
that's not for a site all right Logan is
currently has the record have you ever
been in a bowling alley where they tell
you how fast you're throwing the ball
let's see it
what's your high score Logan McKay
partage candidate nice 26.9 oh that
bounced over in the other Lane the other
Logan bounces to the other one Logan did
you know 30 for the record Logan killed
all of us with a 30 mile an hour ball
well Jarrett got a 27 point seven he's
good he's ready for a dance revolution
you ready to play
that's a three-day weekend I'll never
forget
mostly because I made a video of it and
we just watched it together yeah it was
so fun man Park City was gorgeous we had
a blast doing the CrossFit competition
running up the mountain up the ski jump
the Olympic ski jump we got to run down
the luge so cool with the tricks and
team if you haven't checked out the
brand-new made designs we just launched
like 10 brand new designs on tricks and
dot-com you can go check them out they
are available now we ship anywhere in
the world we like to say if you've ever
seen a mailman we shipped to your door
thanks for watching check out
yesterday's vlog if you want to see that
feeling lucky about not day yeah I dated
it click on it and see what the
Shaytards are doing one two three four
five and six years ago Hey okay so I
really need your help I talked about
this in the vlog a little bit I really
want these rewind videos on the weekends
to be cool because I think there's
awesome moments where our lives have
been connected in weird ways through the
years did you watch the one this last
weekend we were eating artichokes at
dinner as a family and then it's so
crazy exactly to the day three years
previous we cut to Brok throw in a giant
bag of artichokes we had just come home
from the grocery store so it's it's so
interesting to see how our lives are
linked so for instance in today's video
after you get done watching this if you
click on that number 6 right there you
can go see what our family was doing
exactly on this day six years ago then
it's like what if we were talking about
like doing a competition together or
like what I was talking to Derek I don't
know just like how are our lives linked
through the year so if you're one of the
people that go through and watch those
on the end slate give me a tweet tweet
me with like a hashtag Shaytards rewind
with moments where the vlogs are linked
through the years and we'll use those
moments on the Saturday Shaytards rewind
recap okeydoke we love you guys and we
will see you tomorrow I have a via
birthday footage tomorrow sorry I don't
want to squeeze it in it's already like
23 minutes dude it's so long
open tomorrow Avia happy birthday
Prentice hard
