say good morning good morning it's time
for another great day no way to stay
high did you sleep good last night
yeah did you have any dreams yeah you
did about what um soup do well super
duper super dude whoo
supid dale scooby-doo sees you
scooby-dooby-doo no what did you dream
about and felt super do super dudes know
what you dream about
um soup again
I don't know you're talking about super
to Super Troopers Oh duper snoopers no
super stupors no did you dream about
super duper duper z' yeah what you dream
about um super do okay is that it no
still it sound like a stupid super dude
he's stupid super do welcome to another
glorious day let's go make some
breakfast for the kids okay they not
breakfast I can weed out super do oh
yeah nobody knows you're talking about
what's a super do not back
what is it explain it to me super do
what is that what's it like Oh pull my
bracelet you'll break it
no no made that for me right yes like
this yeah
that's how you dreamed about yeah oh hey
guys what's up about soup did you
hey improve your mouth like watch docks
and watch smile is and put your hand
over your mouth and then frown - we go
make breakfast for the kids huh no
hungry
you hate the kids yeah but your face
over all right good morning mother good
day I would've on well well well what do
we have here who do you think you are
well mr. flash TV oh he thinks he's a
kitty well we're just hanging out here
it all said a little flash decides to
take it on the bed wow i plush good
morning this cat is the epitome of the
squeaky wheel gets the grease
yeah he just comes in he doesn't act
afraid of anybody
so he gets love and food kind of like it
though ah is that why dachshund cuz he's
cute are you really a bunny is he cute
kitty bunny oh that's nice okay come on
time for breakfast he's ready
he wasn't breakfast I do flash giggity
giggity giggity that's a breakfast flash
ask him we ask him if he wants some
breakfast say he did what kind of
breakfast does he want oh that makes
sense it makes him happy you make me
happy I love you you know that you're
like I know you love me Dad do you love
me listen don't be like feeling forced
to say it or nothing
flash what some cat food you did yeah
when did something break and you stepped
on a piece of glass did it cut your foot
where show me wait you'll see it where
where is it hurt still you okay
they went away okay good the dude turns
three and he thinks he can say every
word in the book that's his talking a
lot guys gonna talk her on her hands are
you guys finishing up some last minute
homework projects
what's this project Gavin was working on
this last night actually for this new
book called Maximum Ride worth something
it's a big book did I never even looked
at that many pages in my entire life
it's crazy
well it's a puzzle piece book report you
have to make this puzzle that puts the
story together no it's complicated
Wow so these are all the characters
check this out character description
character faces all on a puzzle you have
to put together to tell the whole story
sounds like quite the collaboration of
creation sigh dude are you making bagels
and cream cheese which chew okay right
I'm helping I'm adding okay you guys
help me with the cheer I mean choose a
cheer bow artisan but it is my jacket in
your hair yeah
no the other one doesn't match my shoes
or my jacket but look there's blue in
your sure I like aren't they all pink my
fancy
I think this pink one warm up this one
because the yeah I totally agree okay
Chuck high Braley good morning did you
eat some breakfast
well come on get eating some grapes here
it's the best meal today eat those you
make an eggs I'm
one of our breakfasts we like eggs and
toast and fruits not weird acts want
some food cat wants food too
alright we'll get him some morning
morning scoot over you big blood yeah my
seats go over everybody don't forget to
smile more huh think about that if you
just said yourself I'm gonna smile three
more times I usually do click her
alright dropping the kids off at school
she came with me it's gonna be another
great day cuz you know why we're gonna
smile more do I know you're not I think
you didn't weird you're a big doggy look
at that only comfortable give you like
my cuddle buddy
mm-hm all right you guys we have a big
day today we have a lot going on it is
election day Shea and I are gonna go
vote I'm excited about that exercising
my right to vote little nervous about
how the results will come out but we'll
see you know what we just got to have
faith in our country and faith in things
to come it's gonna be fine we're all
gonna be fine okay don't worry about it
anyways Election Day we're gonna go vote
and then I have a special shopping trip
to go on because tomorrow the moms view
is going to be filming a fun video for a
brand deal that's coming up it's a
really quick turnaround where you're
trying to get this video done and
finished and like to the brand within
like a week so it's like we're pushing
it to really have it finished but we're
really excited about the content about
which the video is going to be it yeah
yeah that makes us laugh every time we
talk about it so here we go busy day
let's go get some stuff done and don't
forget to bring my water because I
realized I'm not drinking enough water I
feel tired all the time I've been
sluggish and I'm like am i drinking any
water
no I'm being too distracted and I'm not
drinking water so try some water with
you guys that's important make sure
you're drinking a lot of water go get a
drink right now and then come with me
shopping see you soon alright just had
lunch look at this I just did it just
voted dude we gotta get a different
camera this camera is crap in the lens
he seemed I voted sticker do I can we
voted guy clep voted short researcher
America 2016 hopefully hopefully
everything is okay I'm just worried that
I just hope everybody is kind and
friendly regardless of the outcome of
the election Sam yeah right it's in such
a building ice did you vote what's fun
most the best part about today in voting
was the orange chicken that we got that
much so good those noodles mmm and that
democracy that Liberty that was
delicious
to freedom great well some little soy
sauce on it okay Lee hey who are you
voting for who are you voting for ma'am
ma'am excuse me who you voting for I'm
voting for Winston I'm voting for
Winston two for president Oh
help a brother out hi guys yeah with a
Nirvana policy like that how could we go
wrong I mean look at this thing this is
the face you can trust
I declare independence for all babies in
this land I think I hope it's okay that
I have a baby here no you can't vote if
you have a baby lady get out of here no
babies in America huh huh good to see
you at the polling booths performing
your civic duty Weedon by Winston
remember this man 2016 was a pivotal
year you were a little baby now look
you're the president
don't don't dog don't let me down bro
hey dude are you happy to be home
high-five can I eat that oh no I made it
oh I am your mom I'm eight does that
mean I get to have it can I wear it
no okay oh but you made it for me okay
are you gonna eat it
a lot are you just gonna wear it because
it looks pretty yeah he's adorable
alright so I didn't really blog shopping
I don't know why I just get in the zone
where I'm like gotta get out everything
on the list so I didn't vlog but I did
vote as you guys saw already hey dude
you wanna come help me bring the
groceries in so the girls are gonna come
over tonight we're gonna lay down some
tracks and then we're filming the video
tomorrow it's a music video I'm excited
and yeah we're gonna go from there it
worked
yeah oh it turns out we're busting out
really fast hey um can you come we even
come with me in the house right now no
you could do the video yeah you get to
help tomorrow okay getting ready to lay
down some sweet tracks do you guys hear
that Zeke
he's barking he's trying to steal the
show he's what Carly gorgeous she's
gonna have a baby and I'm so happy for
her
I love it alright let's go lay it down
with Zeke Zeke stop barking we got
potatoes in the pot and the dressing in
the oven it's a whole lot of work but
it's a labor of lovin yo
that's good but annoying he is not a
little table your knees all up in your
face
Larry wonder where that turkey came from
with a smile on his face huh it's good
for you let me just hear what is it uh
so ok sorry why no one is the babies
and miss my cue I miss my cue haha I
distracted them what hey what'd I do to
get stuck at the kids table hold on one
thing hey what'd I do to get stuck at
the kids table got it
all right what's the next move I think
I'm gonna go back for seconds oh you
better eat all your vegetables I think
I'm going back for seconds I rushed it
when you do it again let me take one
year off that's what they do
Mariah Carey does that she takes water
off so you gotta listen to Mariah's hey
I think I'm going back for seconds
that's I do every second I get I get it
back ten foot but you're doing a hearing
if he is helping me a little bit we're
not music wow he is delectable her
heart's hard Colette because there's no
voiceover oh right when I can like top
yeah all my guys is delectable I really
will say everything tastes incredible
yeah Wow
the turkey is delectable wait so so that
was close you just um
so he says what I do to get stuck at the
kids table and you say wow like a try it
you look dry through it right after aces
table um you'll hear that beautiful
it'll drop a downbeat and you'll just
kind of keep it going Wow turkey is
delectable I'll tap you on the shoulder
and this will do it in this heat okay
Wow the turkey is delectable turkey you
select Oh that'll work
why does that
Daxton Wow
the turkey he's a leg double hey guys so
we have the whole mom's view here today
you know what Kelly we need to have you
on amongst us is own that would be fun
oh my gosh I would get ripped to shreds
no you wouldn't like guys we love Kelly
she's awesome just like Sara like Jimmy
come to me Alan ow and boom I don't
forget our anyways
widget oh you guys do dog Oh
see this is why I hang out with these
ladies they make me feel good oh we're
doing a video for Thanksgiving and I'm
really excited about it I cooked a
turkey guys I'm gonna show it to you
look what it is
delectable check it out but it's really
pretty
as far as turkeys go I think it's gonna
taste really good but I'm excited see
guys check out the monster for that
coming sir okay the girls are filming
their parts ah the girls are amazing
thank you if he just wants to eat all
the Turks okay ready
the fire alarm
you chill making a video again you guys
can't hang out together anymore
pyro in with me and I'm taking this with
me behind the scenes camera kata a
mister
I know now check out behind the scenes
every love you love it
laughing daddy's in bye you guys
you guys check out this spread look at
this
the funny thing is like we have all this
food and it looks amazing but it's been
sitting out for like six hours not so
it's not really good anymore but it
looks pretty I bet you this could be
edible though oh that's it well I think
we should we should yeah no homes
every Butler dantana dun dun dun bunny
that's funny yeah I'm impressed are you
impressed it's unique its unique
interesting your facial expressions
mostly want the baby hey hey they're
robbing my flies smash Tara Oh No okay
watch out watch out watch out cut whoa
yeah is telling us about how all the
things that she's watched today it's
like tonight American ladies and
gentlemen USA will elect a brand new
leader commander-in-chief may be lady
Angie who knows it is excitin dad soon
or Brock wants more salmon I
accidentally left the salmon out last
night so there's no leftovers what the
cage didn't ocean right now
okay now I make a trap that will make
sense all right if we can integrate
bacteria no I can't put the keys
Fidelity bacteria well we gotta throw it
away they live on the roads constantly
feces well no we watch very clean I'm
cutting you guys watching the election I
mean if you get past like the political
arguments it's kind of like a monumental
night I love this kind of stuff I think
it's exciting on big epic nights in our
species history do you think about it
we're all humans this is the this is a
pinnacle moment anyways I'm excited
because the polls in Utah and Idaho are
about to close and we're going to start
getting some numbers in and if you guys
have been watching me on Twitter I've
been kind of hoping this anyways I'm not
gonna say it in the vlogs but you have
to follow me on Twitter to see who I'm
voting for
ah exciting stuff I remember where I was
eight years ago when Barack Obama was
voted in as president I was a radio DJ
in Idaho at z103 and I thought how cool
is this and the internet was like just
this new thing that it was in my life
and I remember watching it live when it
was was it it's cool this is a cool
might be kind but uh you got to respect
these kind of pinnacle moments in
history okay I control the news I'm
flipping back and forth between Fox and
CNN don't fight don't fight so how's
that not fighting about the result of
the election going I know I've been in
some heated Twitter discussions recently
but I'm calling for a unity decision
like let's come together let's that's
not let Trump do bad things if he's
gonna try to do bad things but we have
to agree that he's our president listen
I've already heard stories of Mexican
kids Muslim kids getting you know
bullied at school saying we're gonna
build a wall or Muslim kids being afraid
to wear their hijab to school like
that's not okay
bullying racism is not okay we all get
that now right we're not going to let
trump do it if he tries the people and
the checks and balances of our system
will protect us I think we're gonna be
okay we have to believe that we're going
to be okay and stand up for what's right
if you see somebody bullying you need to
say something and it's not okay to hurt
other people it's never okay we have to
learn empathy we have to be able to walk
in other people's shoes and say how does
that feel for them and then act
accordingly the golden rule is the best
rule do unto others as you would have
them do unto you even if some people are
doing some bad things to you don't pass
it on try to stop it try to be the
solution try to be the one that takes
the higher road that has the softer
heart that sees the bigger picture and
if we all make an effort it's going to
be okay and we have to say that it's
going to be okay and we're all going to
stand tall and we know we have a lot of
work to do
okay okay ran over click on something
buy some of my crap bye
