yeah
hey guys bonus Sunday video right login
here is going on just chilling in a hot
tub we had a sweet time up in the
mountain doing the CrossFit competition
and now we're just chilling a hot tub
just have a good weekend yeah okay so
get this this is why you guys were
getting a bonus Sunday weekend video
because a couple of months ago do you
guys remember we went to Orlando yeah I
went to Disney World
remember that so hey did max adjust say
yes yeah dad I remember yeah you're in
the video too
speaking of a video the reason we went
out there is because we got the cool
opportunity to team up with Disney and
the Disney parks channel and make a
video that is on their YouTube channel
right now it went live like 48 hours ago
anyways we want you guys to go check out
the video we've been so excited for it
to come out it's out on the Disney parks
YouTube channel there's a really at the
end I have some footage you guys wanna
see some footage okay so here's what
we're gonna do we're gonna chill here in
this hot tub you guys are gonna go hang
out with us from a couple months ago
we're gonna get on an airplane we're
gonna fly to Disney World
we're gonna stay here and chill in the
hot tub you guys can watch from that
footage and then you're gonna come back
and we're gonna do some chatting okay
you're in the hot tub yeah okay alright
so you guys get on the airplane we're
gonna sit a hot tub oh we're getting on
airplane going to Disney World yeah
alright it's time to get on the airplane
one thing
for luck as we touched the outside of
the airplane all right let's go the
baby's father and the people in the seat
in front of us oh yeah give him kisses
my baby kisses
baby kisses
maybe is challenging we are determined
to make it to Disney World
illegal play it's gonna be so kind of I
can't wait for we're at war are you
excited we're gonna what there's a
giraffe outside of our room not even
joking you see the draft
yeah oh yeah it's over there oh you guys
can't see it
a giraffe over there yes look there's
like deer there's deer there's deer lay
it down right there
dude that's we haven't seen a giraffe
walk through the middle of the trees in
the dark it's kind of scary you guys
weren't the animal kingdom hotel and
there's animals right outside of our
room wow that was a jack wire all right
be honest with me which one of you fed
the giraffe hmm
guys fess up who fed the giraffe yeah do
I knew it was you you fed the draft my
chicken fingers know how cool is that is
there's a giraffe right outside our
hotel room is remember that yeah okay
you guys go back to Disney World
we're gonna have a contest to see who
can hold their breath the longest ready
one two three all right you guys ready
excited yes oh good dancing all you guys
need to work on your team cuz I'd assume
you're way off all right mommy there's
feel a little crazy this morning yeah
and then girls how was it to meet on and
Elsa in real life was that awesome what
was like if your personality was just
like in the movie sir like they were
like the same yeah that was cool huh
there's no what we're about to do are
you guys ready you're gonna see him your
song no you guys nervous all right here
we go we're going at me on it and Elsa I
hope Olaf is here just a big huh
twice - and you got to meet Woody and
Buzz huh if you guys go check out the
Disney parks video you'll see Brock
meeting Woody and Buzz it's awesome a
glass slipper it's ringing
- who is it hi Cinderella get away from
my glass slipper all right we're in the
princess room the ladies are checking
out all the princesses oh oh okay this
is the main reason why you have to go
check out the video on the Disney park
channel because your face if you stay to
the very end if you've seen it you have
to stay to the very very end after like
the end slate it's like a surprise
little clip when we were on the rock and
roller coaster do you remember how bad
you were screaming it was like I could
hear her screaming throughout the whole
roller-coaster place the look on her
face was hilarious you guys it's also
funny you guys gotta go check it out oh
yes we went on Splash Mountain oh and
Brock had a big moment because he was
finally tall enough to ride a certain
rollercoaster he's been wanting to go on
all right the moment of truth
stand up straight all he's tall enough
you get to go on the ride let's go he's
a big boy now let's go big boy let's do
this and then would you guys see about
getting your face painted so that cool
huh
I liked Brock's rocks was awesome who's
your transformation for your space
destination to pick out a design alien
eyes girls you see something you like
huh got a pic I might have to go with
princess kitty oh that looks like a good
one Colette I think you should be that
one yes I agree
all right everybody thanks for hanging
out with us in the hot tub on this bonus
Sunday Shaytards vlog go check out the
Disney side video on the Disney parks
channel leave a link below we had so
much fun I can't wait to go back I know
when are we gonna go back to Disneyland
alright with you guys tomorrow
I'm the beard if you guys go check out
the video on the Disney parks channel
you'll see Brock a meeting a buddy and
was what
