how about you finished building this
soccer field okay you're a strong woman
you can run this tractor you move this
dirt and you get this field done by
summer okay get to work yeah I'm letting
the kids drive heavy machinery but your
beard is awesome and your kids are
awesome and your wife is
and the shade
Oh shame
Oh
can you say what account is where's the
cows they do really good at that you're
my gonna seat pops you have you mm-hmm
man say hi see I - everyone can you say
hello hello I have lots of Booker's you
I know no we don't know love dirty
fingers he's he's famous for fishhooking
oh you guys are adorable and this one's
even after new snoozle look at your feet
yo yo yo yo yo
dang it that's a good song sing it again
yeah yo like Joe mm-hmm I like it
what does it mean I don't know either
sing it again
ah all right ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls people of all ages we're gonna
zoom past the screen into loofas Magoo
ffice Butler who has recently learned
let's see it yep
not anymore ladies and gentlemen Emmylou
can do a back handspring so proud of you
dude you got it right doesn't it feel
good what was the secret why did you
finally get it your cheer coach finally
taught you huh are you what can you do
it on the ground yet let's you shut up
she's so proud of it Emmy you want to
try it on the ground not yet dude you'll
be doing back handsprings on the ground
with your big sister this summer I
guarantee it she's grown up proud of you
well just keep working on it little by
little line by line we will achieve all
things well that was deep bro what are
you watching I'm sorry oh my goodness my
kids are obsessed with wasabi brothers
lately and I don't blame them they're
hilarious but that's all I've heard for
the last three days is that was having
brothers why talk about Lars is it at
yeah
Tyler and I gotta say I'm pretty proud
of Emmy
she has been afraid to do a backflip for
the longest time and she's finally got
it all right you want to show this up
close close she's got it 80% of gideon
is just being able to do the backs like
just having the courage to go back like
dig for gold and throw in the air nice
Sigyn for gold okay not like digging for
gold why Jackson was the other day all
right
traveling backflips
the busiest body right now I'm not sure
what it's doing I want to sit and I want
to get down and then I want to sit I'm
gonna stand for this I'm gonna get down
but I'm just what I'm watching the
Schafer's video I don't mind me what
just watching gee-tar 2 3 we're back to
the video yeah good I'm just filming you
cuz you're being silly
I'm gonna go up yeah wait you know who
he reminds me of guys remember baby baby
tard at this age in the vlogs
why did it oh okay yeah I think he
thinks it's a slide he keeps trying to
make it a slide but it's not a slide
just a couch bro I'm sorry Daxton I love
you I love you so much I love you I'm
still not a slide bro but you know what
as long as you're having fun it doesn't
even matter
oh now I put my head on the ground
what's it going I found a plastic thing
I don't know what that is either guys I
should put it around my neck no you
shouldn't hey Daxton come back you go
put it in the garbage can you go put
that in the garbage remember where the
garbage is Keiko put it in the garbage
ah hmm we'll get there you found a new
place to sit you guys who needs
television or video games or anything
else when you have a baby
ah seriously so much fun to watch him
explore the world around him and there's
a shaped hard sticker on that box Oh Oh
where'd you go
dad's dead hi did you find the box
oh what's that look guys I didn't want
you to see I don't have my move
perfected yet
Susie that's all babies need is a box
whoa are you hiding I love you sad oh
thank you thank you so we're out here
getting uh today's thumbnail for today's
Shaytards vlog and uh yeah I'm letting
the kids drive every heavy machinery
Avia is currently in the cat 275 flow XP
has two speeds
okay stop stop I want to interview you
how do you like it thanks to the fun yes
do you like driving that thing yes how
about you finished building this soccer
field okay you're a strong woman you can
run this track you move this dirt and
you get this field done by summer can't
get to work
it's on a really low setting I put on
really low setting until they're just to
go like forward and back she's just
playing around put yeah go yeah go back
good nice all right who's next gonna
drive it alright Daxton sorry bro you're
not old enough and for dinner tonight
we're having leftover parmesan chicken
mixed in this pasta bake so it's not the
same as it was before that's what I try
to do with my leftovers is I try to make
them different so it doesn't look like
they're leftovers what it is we had a
lot of chicken leftover so I made a
little pasta bake
I put painting noodles alfredo some
tomato sauce and then some pesto
parmesan cheese and the chicken a couple
seasonings and there it is hopefully it
tastes good
I'll let you know I mean the kids all
let you know cuz they're pretty honest
I'll tell you it's good either way right
not just kidding
yeah I'll be honest too I'm not too
proud to say that sometimes my dinners
are not satisfactory but you know what
this is a new one I've never tried it
I'll try it and yes I'm still wearing my
glasses it's killing me I hate wearing
them because I start to feel like like I
did when I was a kid they get itchy
right here a little bit and I go like
this
and then I have to like push them up and
I start doing like like hang on like
always like messing with my glasses and
I hate it it bothers me to have them on
my face now but I've had contacts for so
long but I'm really excited to get the
surgery I'm super scared about it still
because the process sounds scary when
you hear about it but anyways I'm not
watching any YouTube video so don't even
send them to me because I'm not going to
do it um I actually pushed my surgery
day back a week because I'm going to
Park City with everybody to compete in
the CrossFit event which I'm really
excited about and I didn't want to miss
it so I changed my surgery to next week
so I'm excited what we're watching -
who's watching turbo
I wasn't watch for too much longer so
instead of time if we could really
change it yeah we're gonna build your
train set he's gotten tired of playing
Legos yeah I just ran Gavin through all
of the safety just like I did a via all
the safety procedures are like I said
it's in a very low gear I just taught
him how to move a shovel full of dirt so
he's trying to do it by himself now use
that wrist yep tilt it back now you got
to go above your pile
Gavin Butler oh you're spilling out the
back go forward okay
now dump it other way other way there
you go
now go up right hand straight back now
left hand straight back nice
all right Emmy can you do that you want
to try it all right go ahead one more
time building your own soccer field
how's that huh we gonna build next can
you pick us in there and then sistas
left no it's not safe don't tell the
people at the home that watch our videos
that that's a lie I don't know they're
talking about kids lie lock
statistically proven the kids lie 98% of
the time and the other 2% of the time
they're drunk I look it up in Webster's
dictionary it says it right there page
37 nice move that dirt boy looks like
somebody found a soft place to sit for
those big old hips what's he doing
yes you digging a hole looking for soft
places to hang out
he loves this softer he just runs and
jumps digs dude when we left la I bet
Zig thinks that like he died in the
minivan on the way from California to
Idaho and then he when he woke up he was
in just doggy heaven all right at me you
ready for this sure you can do this okay
push the left one forward slowly
good job you guys
keep going she's scared to do it fast
keep going what just push it forward
there you go you guys my little baby
tart is driving a tractor so proud of
her we've decided to get very far back
even though that's is like I have it
turned way down so she can't even reach
the knob that she would have to to turn
it up like it can't go faster than that
so she really she really can't do
anything wish ever dude that's a
terrifying shot coming this summer
it's baby tard and heavy-duty tractor
equipment spot hilarious is that it's so
good all right you done driving around
she's just like wiggling back and forth
she's not even doing anything
look at that Jackson wouldn't stop
crying for me while I was trying to make
dinner so Gavin took him outside look
how sweet he's being what a good brother
that's what family's for
so what families are for what are they
looking at you see coyotes out there
it's dangerous out there
I can't got a watch out for each other
guys for the rest of your lives
mm-hmm yo excuse me
is it time for dinner that is a cool
baby that baby's ready to forward didn't
in the turns to see people like it I can
already tell by looking and smelling let
me get a little macro lens on this
texture cheese goodness me oh my there's
artichokes you never have artichokes now
it's a good salad got some greens really
refreshing the eyes that refreshing oh
don't worry
those know you me up every cucumber that
touches your eye we're going to this
weekend we're going on a trip to Utah
for a race me and Colette are doing a
CrossFit competition race together or
not I'm excited Dave and Colette even
postponed her laser eye surgery to be
able to do it with us because she wanted
to do it and they said they could push
her a few days so she's gonna be in it
me and fun alright let's eat this looks
so good alright we just had surgery he's
okay okay no I just said
yes good prayer broad enough very good
flight and you pray for mom's eye
surgery too because she's not gonna have
to wear her glasses anymore won't that
be cool ain't it
that'll be cool huh we'll be able to see
hopefully that's the goal
yeah that'd be cool your mom's not blind
anymore gab are you rail sliding the
dinner plate over there what is going on
my hair let's see it let me see a
kickflip on there Gavin I would say is
the best kid he's the best tech deck oh
he's connoisseur of boards he doesn't
want to be criticized yeah I doesn't
dude nobody knows what kind of tech deck
you're rocking over there dinner at the
Shaytards all right everyone carrots
yeah what ripped it sweater edge oh I
feel like not a lot of people have
artichokes I know I think it's rare
we've been out to dinner with a lot of
people because when we go out to dinner
we'll get these for an appetizer and a
lot of people have never tried this
before it's like it's weird I guess I
don't know how we got into them we
started making them a while ago Oh your
mom did so they're just like lots of
leave to me I always say it's a good
reason to have mayonnaise and butter
because is this Mayo this is mayonnaise
and that's melted butter and then you
get your little leaf it's like a giant
leaf thing clean them
I like the butter and mayo on and then
you bite it okay cuz it has like this
skin whoa Oh God and you like slide your
teeth on it
I got leaves from outside and could get
input butter yep
exactly like slide your teeth on it you
eat the meat and then when we get down
to the very bottom there's like a heart
inside there and it's like this really
cool dense meat it's really good yeah
artichokes an excuse to eat mayonnaise
and butter
there's by other cool like dipping
things you can get maybe lemon lemons
probably really good on it do whatever
you want it's your artichoke I'm gonna
try it and ranch why not everything in
ranch oh yeah that's too much ranch oh
wow
do you like that dinner Howard how was
school today
mmm well you know what that looked like
a face of like something happened today
at school
oh no yesterday the choirs in concert
same added that I did that I threatened
a boy crush yesterday at the choir
concert
did he say something oh I want to know
what did he say okay I can't tell you
guys anyways the girl the boy the Avia
has a crush on the boy the Avia has a
crush on ran by me and I said hey you
stay away from my daughter
I laugh he knew I was kidding
what that's right have some that's it
yes wait oh no that's just a blue that
it for honey could Emmy tell me alright
guys sorry not a girl maybe a dozen want
you guys to know show you guys was my
pasta Baker success
so they message yeah you see that
reaction of rough space when happy
birthday says Sully happy
suddenly one year older and Cecily too
had the birthday yep
I bet you bet you that was the best
birthday wish you've ever gotten since
this little guy he may prepare a cinder
of phone video boxes delivered a keeper
see leftovers can be magical again guys
they can yeah do you wanna see my
favorite cat his name is James
I like his nose look at that pink nose
James say hi don't be prideful just say
hi everybody hi everybody my name's
James she loves me the most more friend
time me Zeke and James hanging out all
the time all the kids just went to bed
let's go sick night hello good night I'm
not gonna lie to you guys I'm a little
disappointed what I see here in the
carpet area but what's this are you guys
laying out your clothes for tomorrow
morning so you're already all right
Rufus all right I see got your shoes
your outfit what about all this other
stuff what's all this stuff for are
these things that you're going to be
taking to school as well what why did
you lay all these things out I'm honest
I get it why you laid your outfit out
for the morning okay where's your monkey
uh oh this one this getting okay here
you go
all right good night I love you see in
the morning she has important all right
Rufus Magoo fish you believe your
daughter's birthday is in four days
oh yeah oh yeah huh how's she gonna be
11 10 no 10
oh are you excited about that one last
day of school wait does that say yippee
yippee is right Hawaii
I don't know going to Utah oh we talked
about maybe going to Hawaii summer I
don't know quit talking about summer
vacation you still have a month of
school left sister Tom tell them Taylor
they still got another month to go this
weekend all rise eat come on let's go
okay good night love you I'm closing the
door now
see come on let's go good night I love
you guys move it dog
where did James go James you go to bed
now - hey lot better job than your
younger brothers and sisters have you
read every single book in this bookshelf
are you get in yeah
all right good night see in the morning
love you
hey soccer fields coming along nicely
mm-hmm sister but Gavin's is cleaner
than yours
I know what's going on here
huh who gave you special privileges
blondie you to sleep dish has you've
been sleeping with you every night not
what if does she wake up and need to in
the bathroom
whatever I'm sure except I let her out
and when we um go to met the boss top
choice runs down with me she's your
guardian yeah she's a good girl here you
go girl
all right gonna love you high five too
slow too slow too slow too slow dolphin
- whoops love you all right go to sleep
go sleep good girl
so is this what you want to do when you
grow up you would have a singing career
singing rocks huh you want to have a
poster like that someday
is that the goal I heard one Direction's
getting back together did you hear that
you heard that yeah so this I think I
just I knew they were going to get back
together of course they were you did not
how would you know they just they just
quit on their big singing career where
there's so many ads and stuff all over
every crazed he can't just start stop
making those things but why cuz they're
making too much money or what yes I
don't know there's so much ads and stuff
you just think they're Momentum's to
gray right now to quit to give it up but
what about their artistic integrity why
not just do it because they love music
all right who knows maybe they just had
a fight you know maybe one of them's
kissed there are other ones girlfriend
he's like bro that's not cool which I
brought him sure she was cute he's like
I know it's when she's my girlfriend
he's like I won't do degrees like okay
you wanna be back the Badger girl be
back in the bed
that's probably happened all right all
right good night can i I love you
sweet dreams my love boom-shaka-laka I
believe is how they pronounce it that's
a 26 minute vlog happy May first to you
hope you guys have a great weekend it's
Friday
you guys like weekend I'm excited for
summer I really am because I want the
kids to be out of school so we can go do
things and go on trips and climb stuff
and hurt ourselves and sleep in and
sleep out under the stars I'm really
excited about summer you guys may 1st
there are 10 brand spanking new designs
that just dropped on tricks and dot-com
this morning
check them out I think you're gonna like
them I'm pumped the brand is growing
I'm very excited about it there's a lot
of cool exciting things happening so
check out there's a bunch of new designs
if you guys didn't like the old tricks
and designs you might like some of the
new ones so click on the link below to
go check them out
I like I'm excited all right if you guys
wanna see we're doing all those years
ago you know how this end slate works
you can click to go watch other che
tarde videos and we would appreciate it
if you did ok I'll see you on Monday
love you actually there is a video
tomorrow we're trying something new
we were kind of doing those weekly
recaps you guys saw those I wasn't
totally feeling them but I think we
thought of something that I want to try
that I think will be neat so I'm excited
for you guys to see tomorrow's video
it'll be interesting ok ok bye
