yo you ever built a soccer field I never
built a soccer field but I'm figuring it
out as I go it's time to wake up the big
brother wake him up hey wake up my
brother give me kiss
give me kiss can you give my
good-morning kiss give your brother
kisses give him kisses you give me kiss
hey good morning it's time to have them
have a good day okay good morning good
morning Brock broccolis the time to wake
up buddy boy
mm-hmm right
cough master that is the cutest cop ever
hi Brock ah good morning
you sleep in tired you want to sleep you
alone want to sleep some more
no I want to get up okay that'd be hair
get your brother again
get him wrestle wrastlin wrestle get him
yo you ever build a soccer field I never
built a soccer field but I'm figuring it
out as I go
right check it let's go down there
you're gonna go down there come on let's
climb up on in here into our big old
trouble think how cool that is that
humans have invented this machine that's
like essentially a shovel but a big
shovel that you can like move a hundred
shovel fulls while sitting down in a
comfortable cabin that is the benefit of
living in the Year 2015 we are a
benefactor of everybody who's ever
existed before us because they they have
culminated in bringing us this
technology I don't know how to build
this thing
but somehow man has figured out how to
do it but I know how to run it
now we're going to use it to build a
soccer field here we go see watch out we
got some dirt there skirt in there right
now
oh let's dump it out Zeke likes to watch
me he chases me around as I built this
baby
all right we've made it to the jobsite
let's turn this down quiet down you now
check it out guys look future soccer
field so excited it's so fun running
this thing I love it I try to come out
here at least once a day I listen to a
book on audible and I just sit here and
I moved her and it's so it's like even
if I only have 20 minutes I try to come
out here it's like my feet I'm I'm
building my son a soccer field but I get
to listen to my book and I get to like
move dirt and feel like a man I love it
Oh today's episode is brought to you by
audible.com slash Shaytards man I've
listened to this new book because you
know we're trying to do a startup this
tricks and clothing company it's a
startup that's what happened with maker
studios this new book I'm listening to
right now it's called zero to one and I
love it because it's talking about
technology and just how like all these
things that we are like that we have are
because somebody thought outside of the
box somebody thought to build something
new somebody saw an opportunity to make
something easier for our species whether
it was moving dirt or communicating
through technology just thinking of new
ways to do things the first chapter of
the book talks about how you know
there's a lot of things that are
globalized
for instance tricks and there's a lot of
clothing companies how can we be
different how can we think of new ways
to do new things that nobody's ever
thought of before that's the that's when
we grow as people as a species and
that's what's exciting that's exciting
about life is thinking about new things
that nobody's ever done before and like
being a pioneer on taking us to that
next level
I'm grateful for whoever built the
machine that I can be in now it's like
my duty to take it to the next level and
to like try to think of new things and
new ways to achieve things in the world
and to help our species anyways
audible.com slash Shaytards there's over
a hundred and fifty thousand different
titles you can listen to books while
you're moving dirt while you're running
while you're in your car it's the secret
to success if you were to ask me Shea
what's the one secret to success it's
knowledge it's information it's thinking
about things in a new way it's stepping
outside of what you already know and you
have to do it through information
through books and I don't like to read
and it's hard for me not to be able to
do like three things at once so I love
to listen to my information as I do my
stuff like to move dirt as I listen to
things about how to change the world so
check it out get yourself a free audio
download if you sign up for a membership
at audible.com slash Shaytards who's
that who we got hey mommy dar what you
doing come here I'm building a soccer
field
here we go here we go here we go what oh
your dresses all hanging out the girls
just got done with cheerleading we're
gonna grab some food cuz we stopped and
Gavin yeah think about this scenario
okay I used to come to this restaurant
when I was a kid going to high school we
would come here a lot me my buddies will
come to this arc circle Trevor would
always order three times the amount of
food that he would eat
I would always know that so I wouldn't
wear anything and then I would just eat
his leftovers anyways I used to come
here and you know you go to the bathroom
when you're at high school you go check
yourself out in the mirror right make
sure you're looking fresh all right
you want to make sure you looking dope
or some hot chiquitos boney
around your make sure you're looking
good honey I wasn't married to at the
time what's making it and I just thought
to myself I've looked in that mirror in
that bathroom hundreds of times and
there dawned on me
what if mirrors once the technology is
available become a teleportation port
like everywhere there's a mirror that's
where you can teleport even through time
like I could teleport back to when I
looked at that mirror back in when I was
a junior in high school and I can come
back to that moment think about that
once the technology available mirrors
when it come to teleportation ports yeah
I was 16 years old looking into that
mirror made me think about that because
I thought every time you look into a
mirror you kind of like take a portrait
of yourself like a snapshot of your life
and as you look into the mirror you look
into your eyes you know all the details
of your life all the things you struggle
with all your successes all the fears
that you have and though I feel like
every time we look in a mirror like it
captures those moments and so what if in
the future the technology was available
that we could travel through mirrors
through points in our lives where we
looked into mirrors and made a snapshot
of our lives and our feelings through
our eyes as we stared at ourselves in
the mirror and think about if we could
like anyways I just had a chicken ranch
program of Fowler what do I know
all right here we go did I just say a
chicken ranch burger that's not a thing
yeah that's not a thing I had a chicken
sandwich there was no bacon involved I
just threw it in there oh and then I did
have a she didn't say I didn't say what
I say chicken bacon ranch burger Oh a
chicken ranch burger my mind I'm saying
a barking I don't know what I'm saying
sit down
get your seep out they're not skinning
Sam Debose so we can drive please right
see like right now in 20 years from now
when our lives are very different than
they are now imagine looking in there
and coming back to this moment when
we're talking about Chicken Ranch
burgers and we're mad see that's what
I'm talking about I'm frustrated that my
kids aren't putting their seatbelts on
because it's time to go and that as a
parent in a moment where you're like get
your seatbelt on why don't you
sin why do I have to yell at you before
you listen to me do you like it when I
get like this
you're the race that I'm like this
instead of doing that I think about like
I'm not gonna care in 20 years when I'm
looking back on this moment when I'm
peering through that mirror back into my
life I won't care that me wasn't putting
our seatbelt on I really put your
seatbelt on now you know that's a
perspective thinking about your paradigm
differently
go get milkshakes no okay we're going to
our Aneesa
nice nice nice is Metis Lexi is in a
choir thing that we're going to expose
in belch face spring in the children to
hopefully inspire them in some way here
we go
belch fest 2015 hey welcome back to
belch first 2050 guys remember we had
belch Fest 2008 here we are at the
concert with Candice Lexi is Candace's
daughter hey this this is a cool thing
that just happened we're just talking
about technology and stuff so these
girls - fins fins let's see that pic
shows that picture let me see that
awesome this is my grandpa that's
Vince's dad right that's your dad's
staff yes right so get this Vince
where'd you take that picture who was I
hanging on the wall somewhere away yeah
I have the original picture and let me
tell you my dad hated this picture
because this was taken when he was like
12 or 13 and he says I never owned a
suit in my life he says I was wearing
bib overalls when they took this picture
and they painted the suit on me oh yeah
they used to do that they used to take
the picture and then this and then they
would put to make you look respectable
yeah photoshopped through the ages
and without his permission yeah in my
own mad cuz he says I never owned his
suit when I was a kid so get this Vince
took that picture of his dad of an
actual painting that he has in his house
then he texted it to his sister who then
put it on Facebook then we're here at
the concert and Vincent's telling his
daughter Candace that he took pictures
of his dad today
and Candace is like I know I already saw
him and he's like how did you already
see those and she said aunt someone fell
put him on the Internet now I've seen it
done' how cool is that F's the internet
for you that's how fast things travel
he's trying to tell his daughter about
pictures he took it she's like yeah I
saw him your sister put him on the
internet already well I guess they don't
have anything to tell ya so now we can't
talk about anything so we're gonna sit
here and not talk yeah we got a
worthless day yeah the internet already
told us all about your worthless David
we don't want to hear about it
you embarrassed by me embarrassed by my
soul Oh give it to me
I'll give you ten bonus points if you
can tell me the next two lines of that
song alright thanks for watching today
guys we appreciate you guys being here
being part of the family check out
yesterday's vol click on that feeling
lucky button and if you want to see what
the Shaytards doing every single day for
the last six years you can click on
those corresponding numbers um it may
sound crazy to think about technology
like that and like it seems like magic
but if you think about how it would be
to explain to your great-grandparents
the situation of being able to watch
this family that lives in Idaho in your
apartment across the world that would be
like magic to explain how we can watch
people from all over the world it would
be hard to explain to our great-great
grandparents so what could you explain
to us today that would be like that
there's no way that's like magic that's
when it's fun to think about you know
like when you get into that zone like
what if this happened hey ah here's a
little uh transcendent man documentary
movie heads up you want to watch a cool
movie that'll blow your mind about
technology check out I think it's on
Netflix or whoo I can't remember but I
look up transcendent man about a
futurist named Ray Kurzweil it talks
about the elbow that we're in right now
in the exponential growth of Technology
we're about to experience exponential
growth explosive growth that will make
it possible to do things that seem like
magic so exciting times ahead maybe
dangerous who knows who knows what will
happen in the next twenty or thirty
years it'll be cool to be here to see it
and watch it I'll vlog it I'll vlog it
and put on youtube so you guys can see
okay love you that's it enough talking
about this weird stuff you guys go have
a good day now okay
love you give me kids thumbs up the
video bye
