pretty cool tax dude using debit or
credit today huh I'm gonna use your
rewards card just put his phone number
in yeah I want my sunglasses inside let
me see if I can remember this pin what's
the pin type your PIN in don't touch me
Dad I use my fingerprint ID to identify
myself we're shopping were shopping
workshop and we're shopping what do you
think you guys brought come here let me
see that vest turn around yeah man hold
the blue one up we guys think the blue
or the red which one do you like better
Brock okay take the red off switch it up
you like the blue put it on let's see
how it looks i cant wait for church this
Sunday do you want to get this dude I
think you look awesome in this we're
just doing some shopping just do it
what we'll get you one all right so
you're thinking the red you think in the
blue you sure you like the blue better
yeah I like door open the moon he likes
dark blue and light blue what do you
think turn around you like that one I
think it makes your muscles look big let
me see your muscles can you flex those
real quick yep honey that's the one do
oh you want to turn into a boxers guy
you're tired of briefs you want wear
boxers from now on yeah no more diapers
for you you're gonna be boxers yep go
put in the cart I think you should wear
that and the vest shy weird the whole
time yeah we're gonna Brad on her hands
I think we might have a bride on her
hands you asked me to Kim your APPA job
he wants get picked up I think we found
one for Daxton hey guys like Jackson's
vest
Dax got a vest
he found what he likes really big I told
it wha
it is a Tootsie here help him put it on
nobody lost strong you guys look so cute
mm-hmm are you wearing a life preserver
Marty McFly alright he's gonna put it on
okay here this one this one hey OH
so mmm like it brock comes down over
here i'm sat next to uh right here
oh dude yeah i'll need to be a big fat
tricks and logo on it traveling the
tricks huh sorry i just think it would
be cute seriously was just gonna were
some cute vests over here it doesn't
always feel about trixin oh why are you
punching me listen just because your
muscles are Pocono doesn't need to mean
you punch people
excuse me young man
are those bracelets you're perusing you
better not be slipping any of those in
your vest huh store security will be
right on you what are you doing man this
is a boxer your brother's a little
aggressive he is a little aggressive
wouldn't you agree yeah okay yep pretty
cool Dax
up dude using debit or credit today huh
I'm gonna use your rewards card just put
his phone number in against our family's
religion oh we did yeah well my
sunglasses inside let me see if I can
remember this pin what's the pin type
your PIN in don't touch me dad I use my
fingerprint ID to identify myself you
realize how cool you look right now you
do so you're you're well aware of how
awesome you
you are for sure what's your name you
have like a cool name that you go by
that's just cooler than your regular
name yes that is a pretty cool name my
friend all right we're ready to party
got a vest and sunglasses on future is
looking bright I should have got a vest
- I want a vest here we get fest me all
right who's ready to ride you guys a
ride
we're going to pick up Gavin from soccer
practice
but those shades on bro-heem there we go
now check it out check it out
this is the green room of the new studio
that we're building make up this is
gonna be for like you know putting
wardrobe and shoes three different
places do your makeup and then this is
like the little kitchenette the new
studio and that's where the audio
recording a recording studio not the
audio accordion the audio recording
studio here's the bathroom
and there's our three-legged dog we're
childrenht go what's up
good boy bronzy good boy Brown see guys
are making a pizza you what okay okay
there are no don't Daxton you can do it
put some fast that's a good pizza strat
time now let's pizza cheap cheese I know
what's in a rock I see on pizza you know
I don't want to eat it your pizza parlor
oh yeah ring pops on your pizza at least
I get a good stretch even though they
are eating ring pops and gummi bears on
pizza lick this is the cutest happy
birthday table I have ever seen look at
all the work that went into this I was
just I was Kaylee
it is Winston's number one year old
birthday and the Kraft Meister herself
whipped up a birthday table that
everybody is jealous of yeah where are
these what kind of punch is that mmm
we're checking out on a homemade recipe
little eye a little wiser all right
Hawaiian Punch all right we're out of
birthday party here's the birthday
people there's the loofah smih goofus
where's the birthday baby happy birthday
to you happy birthday to your brother
happy birthday little gem eBay's careful
they'll poke him in the eye yeah stab
him in the eye
happy what do you know your shirt dude I
was like a little caterpillar just a cat
quit showing designs that are coming out
secret don't want this secret Oh
it's gonna destroy this cake oh that was
all right tiger get it it's all pictures
for the baby that cake yeah oh okay look
what I got this Winston got this first
birthday oh come on el modo let me down
thank you oh yeah hallo
get up bull get a carry like the bubbles
hi kids
hi OMA hey guys
oh come on already good that's in - get
him get him get him get up above black
boots there bubbles not balloons bubbles
bubbles everywhere way to look happy
birthday cue ready
sorry
straining bubble bubble yeah
you want to try it keep shooting them
Adam Brock look at the bubbles they are
get up kiddo
bubbles bubbles everywhere but not a
drop to drink you were caught stealing
fizzy lifting drink you bumped in the
ceiling which now has to be washed and
sterilized you lose good day sir
you get nothing yeah you're right not
get out
Oh get out get out of the family is
electing drinks how rare a good deed in
a weary world
Charlie you won you won you won the
chocolate Charlie everything there's so
much to do in so little time wait
reverse that yeah no yeah new chocolate
no charlie one more top case on a
gluten-free diet pudding free whoa did
you just kick her easy there karate tard
oh my goodness yes the Sun Shine setting
and causing it to look all pink and red
yellow enough gorgeous I like it I like
it a lot when I hope to the whole game
is sunshine and
don't need to run play my fingers insane
if they lose it's a shame but I don't if
I ever go back got my team on my back
and pocketful the stacks up
