good morning good morning good Fath
gonna go CrossFit say CrossFit ah
something like that booger-face
what's up Liv hmm what are you doing
what are you doing
creamy no no way to get ready for the
summertime look at that they're freaky
I've already touched it I see me
whiplash it's always fun to give your
kids whiplash they love it you guys ever
need to give your kids a good time just
give a whiplash this is fun
whiplash is fun again on a motorcycle
ride just got back doing some shopping
at Costco
yeah look at these little boys out here
it's so pretty springtime has sprung I
think we've probably maybe cross your
fingers it could snow another six inches
by surprise but I think summer's almost
here
good job dude in the rocks you're not
doing push-ups yeah I can see them we
gotta get the waterfall started hump
rock can you get those pumps cleaned out
I need you guys to get in there and get
those pumps out let's get them cleaned
out let's get all the algae out of there
let's get the water line turned on let's
get that water cycling K can you guys
get that hooked up okay get it get it
going no I mean you think you're sure of
if you want but listen I want that
waterfall running by noon
can you guys have that done all right
sure take your shirts off and get the
waterfall running I'm going to upload a
YouTube video
no don't can't we jump in no don't jump
in just just climb on the rocks don't
jump in it's dirty you guys it's dirty
and it's a home out here I don't what if
you catch the panel Minya just don't
care
is there something swimming in there
yeah what if it's a shark or a crocodile
or the Loch Ness monster oh it's a paper
yeah that's not dangerous
where is secrecy while we're up here you
can see Kiel all right let's go Izzie
Carrie come see Rico I get you get you
look gotta run
we want to ring
we beat up we think oh we gotta get
third gear so fast when I'm out to the
ballgame it's like a nice dream got a
seven dollar Oh
and I scream at to the back
pull the home team back to the left take
me out with the crowd screaming it's the
smell of the grass catching up man dude
you're bad I had to get in top a third
gear I bet he's running 30 miles an hour
you're flying hello can you see me
there I am hello you guys want to see
something that we're building okay check
it out see that you know what that's
gonna be
I am building right there a future Hall
of Fame soccer player yep that's where
it starts right there a big flat area
Gavin's come to the Olympics and he's
gonna win Cole after seeing Gavin play
soccer I'm like we have a huge field why
don't we build a soccer field and then
we can go out there and play like after
dinner and stuff and then he can like
really practice and then be like me and
Casey Stan Gavin engage and all the kids
and I just imagined all these amazing
soccer games played out here so we're
building the soccer field
nobody fun future professional soccer
player Gavin Butler comes onto the field
powder carrots and powdered rice here we
are at a tricks in a gray shirt on Jane
this job
get the memo the only reason I'm doing
this because I was this close to wearing
that shirt and I didn't I'm glad I
didn't now be you guys look stupid okay
out we did that on purpose we need some
more button ups obviously Carly rockin
the new tricks and design that was cool
you walked into CrossFit this morning
and you're wearing that I'm like I like
that sweater we I'll tell you where to
get it
hey Brock you rocking over here to your
favorite song get it get it get it I did
good boy all right come in come in come
on oh is it too hard are you too short
come on you can do it
just jump if you jump and you're brave
you'll make it
hey I've let me do it jump through the
window but blondie could do it I'm
ignoring you I'm looking at the sunsets
I don't want to hear your complaints
come on help me wash Oh Peter
do it do do do it do it do it
hi I opened my window physique wanted to
come in jump jump
come on baby come on but he's afraid to
jump in come on Z I'm gonna start using
my office guys I gotta hang up some
pictures and stuff but yeah I'm gonna
start using it start editing and
uploading in here caique see dawn you've
been annoying hello guys we you're
shopping for are we
oh um dinner and family home evening
stuff we just got back from the dentist
and me was doing something yeah buddy
and now I'm running into a boat
helpful and it's a taxes do you put old
um Brock I don't know what he's doing
I'm I'm I screaming that when you push
it pops out Regan
well she what you want wait so that's oh
my doing she just met you guys hope yeah
thanks all right it's time to eat then
we have family night shades are a very
important tweet no I'm going to text
no sure awful gay shadowgate theater no
no but listen
just cuz I'm checking it during dinner
doesn't mean that it's more important
than you I'm here yeah
anyways this is what we do at dinner
time we chase each other around the
house it's okay this guy are the a
couldn't wait guys for real Oh hmm this
looks like it's gonna be fun later oh
we're getting ready for family now he's
always this loud yes people it's not
just when the camera comes on it's
always this loud in our house our home
is filled with life and laughter and
love and sometimes fighting but it's
okay all right
tonight we're doing in and bring it up
exactly tonight we're doing a family
home evening which is the night that we
get together if you're new to the
Shaytards and you've never heard of
family home evening before it's a night
where the whole family gets together we
turn off our cell phones we try to block
out all the other things try not to
fight doesn't always work and we have a
little lesson and we have an activity we
have a treat and it's a fun time okay
how are you doing go ahead she's gonna
trying to be active again first we have
to give how are we following Oh an
obstacle course what obstacle course is
to represent the obstacles and
addictions in our life that we can
overcome together oh yeah I fell in
memory we're gonna tie them okay that is
good with the family for you you tell
these guys you tell them okay addictions
and bad habits I thought you said that
dad has one and dad husband
I pray drink too much caffeine let's say
that's a victory okay over can you jump
in between or you have to get down I
can't just sit okay okay okay
don't keep all the way around okay and
then come down round here
okay well we'll cut to the individual
we'll show you all right who's up first
on your mark get set go oh yeah I don't
think we're actually racing with we're
just doing it together as a family
because it represents us Gil overcoming
obstacles in life together out as a
family
this is family home evening where we do
things as a family so wait what do we
have to do we have to do 10/10 balloon
touches
I need another pedicure heart hearts
hearts sports and then what do you have
to do there to play a song do a
cartwheel
okay what do I do
are you on the face and try to get them
good lupus
she should be the best of this year
you're usually the one best to getting
sugar ha ha ha I'm gonna win this you
get it
daddy my dad oh hello outside and
there's an egg thing you guys do
okay hey pause anyone gonna do that one
hey go ahead ready do with their hands
yeah or you can put in your now you
don't know no no no you have to hold you
have to balance it oh yeah you have to
put it in your mouth look a V is only
the first place what are you doing go go
did you go already
okay put on your now put on your mouth
bite it what I'm calling oh ho ho no
don't go so fast yeah go slow slow down
wrote a bounce off from Zika take the
pig oh you watch out there's a giant dog
crap I actually just stepped in it maybe
I felt that squish in between
my toes ooh careful careful
there goes Gavin Loomis you cheater you
can do that did she do wrong I'm just
eating Oreos that's all I'm doing
and then what do you do oh you had to
ring the bell Avia of course one looking
feelings oh no magazine oh you have to
start over you have to start over that's
not a rule it should be a rule blondie
how annoying huh from blondie good job
what we did it that's it that's the
whole obstacle course rocks like and
what's next
good job guys it's not a race it's not a
race
if you first you lost cuz I'm in Georgia
baby are you loser alright that's family
home II mean when I say a closing prayer
then go to bed oh oh oh oh I forgot the
very best part a ka the treat section
hey how come the Oreo section encounters
the treat section we get a tree during
the activity and the treat section of
the evening now as your family homey me
you can do a however the hell you want
uh uh if I should swear I'm sorry I'm an
addiction to swelling my mom and my
grandma both watched these videos so
listen mom grandma you got it you got to
be honest you guys swore in front of me
when I was a kid so therefore I'm
addicted to it and I can't help it so I
love you mom and grandma but it you
remember that time you swore and now
it's your fault so like people were like
yeah your son I guess he's okay and
successful stuff but he swears a lot
be like it's your fault love you love
you guys thanks for watching our videos
be sure and click on yesterday's
previous vlog for a shaped hard 20
minute vlog it was a good one and then
click on that feeling lucky button if
you want to see what the shade heart is
doing every single day for the last 6
years you can do it right here you can
click on each one of those corresponding
numbers and you can see exactly one year
ago today what were the Shaytards doing
hmmm
we saw Daxton Daxton was still here of
one year ago six years ago what we're
doing click on them go have a little
extravaganza go down the Shaytards
wormhole okay let you guys see you
tomorrow bye
