oh it's a beautiful greenery it's a
spring day it's a beautiful spring day I
hear the birds chirping I think I hear
him her larvae of a butterfly
you know the rad caterpillars called the
rata pillar one time rad a pillar in the
house in my pupa gonna turn into a
beautiful butterfly wings fly and stuff
like that anyways hi Cheryl here we are
at the YouTube space Los Angeles Los
Angeles where's the helicopter this is
very exciting actually because I am
going to give a keynote speech I think
I'm like the opening dude who's like
talking like hello everybody welcome
today to the YouTube thing and there's a
YouTube executives there's some VIPs I
think there's some very important people
somebody's pulling up right now is it do
I know this person I don't know this
person anyways here's why it's cool
because I'm going to be uploading the
shaycarl baseball tricks and video on
the shaycarl channel live in front of
all of these folks so it's gonna be
interesting because I'm doing like a
live upload in front of these people
they contacted me and they said hey we
want you to come speak do you want to
show any videos and I'm like I have this
new baseball video and that's when this
thing is so I asked them I said what if
I uploaded it live at the YouTube space
in front of all these people and they're
like we think that's a great idea and I
said I do too so that's how I'm about to
go do how exciting and yesterday was
YouTube's 10 year anniversary
YouTube's been around for 10 years I've
been doing this seven and a half eight
years this is the longest job I've ever
had
these YouTube videos with this machine's
alright so I'm headed in to the YouTube
space la to upload a YouTube video to my
youtube channel you dude what are you
doing he's eating the leftover spoon
from the muddy buddies we made last
night crazy kids it is Saturday morning
and we are making waffles and in the
morning I make waffles
Nana movie and I don't have all the
specific ingredients I have almond milk
instead of real milk so I'm hoping it'll
taste the same but
the butler recipe waffles I'm excited
they never turn out as good when I make
him as when Carl makes them but I'm
gonna try
waffles our waffles right you just
lather those babies up in syrup when
they're delicious how you have so many
tears of boogers you have a list
Oh Oh me mad at the lizard I love you
he's kind of mad because I put him in
his highchair so this way it's just a
fake lizard
he's hot he's kind of mad at me because
I put him in his highchair so that we
can make the waffles without him
climbing up there he makes a big mess
don't be mad dude I love you yeah let's
get some more snacks well we make
waffles are you ready to eat a waffle
it's gonna be still good anyways we miss
Shay you guys haven't seen the new
shaycarl videos of trixin shaycarl video
I love it it's a baseball video
now I watched it on YouTube and YouTube
YouTube when I might do the ball games
like an ice-cream got a $7 and then ice
cream
Hey Dude stop eating chocolate let's
make waffles okay so it's all sugar
right whatever it's Saturday morning
yeah I love you rocks my little cooking
buddy all the other kids are playing and
he's like we're cooking we're making
something we get to mix stuff together
and put stuff in a bowl hey are you my
cooking buddy yeah do the walking
what do you like ah what do you like
cooking most everything okay you guys so
another reason why I was here in Los
Angeles Ali stop it because we are here
at the premiere of one request it's a
brand new show that stampy cat is doing
likes meeting all of his viewers they
brought these guys in to watch the
premiere of the very first episode here
at the YouTube space isn't that cool and
you guys I am a character in the new web
series I'm the bad guy
you made it
they did a thing anyway this is a lot of
fun we watched the very first episode
and did like Q&A and stuff like that
nice and how much money of your is I
raised almost 1.2 million calls and
they'll say boom Shakalaka he's raised
1.2 million dollars from writing this
book to help his friend that is sweet
you give me a balanced boom Shakalaka
that is awesome so go check it out where
can they buy your book okay and say
links below and point like this a link
below go buy my book it's for a good
cause you don't be a bad person but my
life go buy my book good job you're
awesome and gonna meet you all right
where the waffles of success you guys
yeah good good good idea we are easy
Shane this is in honor of you we miss
you very much
Brock do you like it roffels are you
learning to cut them by yourself you're
such a good boy that's very good it's
difficult cutting waffles isn't it kid
but you're getting better at it and I'm
making another batch so that I can have
some too and I'm excited
in 34 states la is a place where we
bring together the most creatively to
learn to connect and to create and say
let's see yeah - no to die Daisy
we ride atop a game-time Gavin's house
the soccer game and this guy has the
best outfit you win the best outfit
award today all right are you Shane's
little brother are you Shane's little
brother
Shay shame shame shame no shame
I'll show you dude whose little confused
Shane hasn't really been around lately
guys are you ready to watch soccer you
want to play at the ball this is this is
Jackie's favorite game all right drive
it down kick though all right we've run
into a pack of wild turkey
hey turkeys these wild turkeys they just
Rome it was Roman all right that's the
big one he's the COO the King Turk I am
The King I am climbing up this year
I am the
all right so we're at k1 Speedway these
go-karts go 45 miles an hour we're gonna
be racing around this track we're here
with stampy cat and squashy
the party you ready for this I'm gonna
get our helmets on can't be oh no it's
gonna mess up the hair
all right I gotta cover up the beer I'm
ready
that's right
you've already lofted me
you guys all look ridiculous my helmet
got the brain bucket locked and loaded
alright yeah we got a sign car 31 all
the way down here there's my baby
I hope with the winner getting locked
I'm realizing there's a scratch on my
lens and I'm gonna get a different
camera we're racing here we go I'm
excited I'm wearing the new tricks and
button up put my phone in my pocket it's
functional and bad for the bowl you guys
see here's a vloggers dilemma because I
really want to just race and try to win
you know I want to say like it doesn't
matter we're here to have fun but I
really really want to win them it's fun
really you win so I pull the camera out
that's really gonna look like
right I'll let you guys know how I did
trust me I'll give you a full
play-by-play I'll be excited I'll not
leave one single detail out I'm not
gonna blog and drive okay guys I'm just
gonna drive but I'm gonna win I'm going
for the victory I'm not gonna lie to you
I'm not gonna be set happy or settle for
anything less than the best first place
here we go
guys you guys you guys you guys the
results are not officially in but I'm
pretty sure who's my team there's my
pick to do my sponsors we were there
with the every step of the way
rear-ended squishy walking and driving
my bad that's why you don't vlog and
dress I almost ended you know just
rear-ended me I know dude I kill them
man I laughed them twice dude did I do
get any good huh tell him how I did good
thank you good I do good bro I did good
hopefully you got a look at leaderboard
I want to do it again should we do it
again I'll pay for it or sue the game
one more time
was that fun
that was so good I had the biggest smile
on my face because I was like I can't
believe they're letting us drive like
this I was driving like fast and furious
I was my seatbelt off alright take a
look at the leaderboard well that's a
familiar name best lap 32 seconds you
guys this is so much fun okay look I
found that there's actually weekly stats
and there's a best of the week I want to
get on the list so bad look at this
these are the best times of the week
whoever Casey cook is fastest lap twenty
seven point nine seconds let's see
number twelve twenty nine point two so I
gotta get under twenty nine seconds to
get on this list
my best lap was 32 seconds that means I
need to cut three to four seconds off my
time I mean what do you guys think what
do you think should I go for it should I
try to get on the leaderboard I think
with you guys on my side I think we
could do it let's try it let's even get
it done alright for number 17 seat
number 17 is our lucky car hi Debbie hey
you guys the first episode of one
request came out this morning
me and Stan fee are in it check it out
tell him stampy do it alright here we go
about the race we're wunderbar
CAF you a Yankee a Sox James Tigers
rocks in the end we feel the same when
the batter hits the box and Bebop so we
just finished our second race I told the
guys to give me a fast car I told the
workers I'm like dude do you pass we're
waiting for the results to come in right
now
okay so it's three races right explain
to them how it's set up so the first one
it's just a practice race you can do
whatever what you want right if you get
used to the car the second was a
qualifier and that one place bought a
position for the final race if you do
better in the second race you get a
better position in the third race yes
and that's the one that counts that's
the one where you get the trophy really
yeah I didn't realize this I'm gonna win
a trophy
what are you cheering for dude you're
not gonna win the trophy no I'm excited
because I'm about to beat you all right
all right let's go this is fun friendly
competition I am excited you realize
this is like the final one that last one
was a qualifier and Ally had three
wrecks in that last one did you hit her
did you t-boned her first bums me but
really dark Yvonne's me you do better I
thought I was first on the scene what
are the results
dude I'm all three-point-nine I am so
close to getting a leaderboard I gotta
just do one more second and then I'll be
on the leaderboard for the week all
right this is the last time we get to
race I got some tips from the pros
over there I'm trying to get a sub 30
times ready for that all right you guys
here we go I got first place so there's
the starting line going down there we go
there we go sub 30 man I want to get
under 30 seconds so that all right you
guys this - Brian works at maker studios
if you haven't seen the maker studios
Harlem shake video that's the helmet ron
was wearing this guy just beat me he
came from fifth place from behind and
beat me dude I think he's like see that
movie white men can't jump where they go
and they like scam people in the
basketball that's what this guy does
thanks for not betting me $500 from that
last race you see the Boosters even is
such a liar he made me think that I was
like kicking butt the whole time I got
first on every single one the very last
lap he passed me like give you that was
awesome
it's exciting I want to do it again he
was like being secretive about it I
studied these pin
he's totally laying back and just
playing it cool and he's amazing race's
check it out the podium and every
I didn't get a sub 30 guys I was close
dude this guy wins it get up there all
right well I lost to John dude he came
like from behind last second my best
time was thirty point seven which means
I missed it by like one second so close
I guess I get to keep the metal I got
first loser
stampy was just making fun of me he's
like who would want a second place metal
I was sick so I have no position to make
fun I'm still a winner you're
everybody's a winner no matter what I'm
a winner I got a second dang it dude I
feel like I did a good out of good
showing he's just like he's so humble
look at him back here let's see that
first-place meadow you got look at you
dude you're so pompous
he's coming here away in the first place
that was awesome good race that was
sweet all right we just got home from
church and Shay's on his way home let's
go wait for him on the waterfall
are you ready no we've been going
through old pictures and there's some
really funny ones a few that I've been
like whoa maybe you shouldn't have seen
that one
nothing hugely bad but it's just funny
coming gonna come up that road any
second now Gavin so night he brought his
coat out but then I was cold so he gave
it to me you're such a gentleman that's
what a true gentleman does it is elseís
hair up here she came and visited us
this morning Elsa it's time to go home
now when I'm out to the ball game it's
like a nice dream got a $7
I scream at to the back
the home team track to the left take me
out with the crowd screaming it's the
smell of the grass
the trash
looking up to above I don't care if you
a Yankee of socks
James Tigers rocks in
can we feel the same when the batter
hits the box and be back
