where'd the Shaitaan videos been teyla
huh she does not have the answers hello
everybody hi I've been slacking there is
stuff on the lens still I was saying
that in this morning's one take okay you
guys it's been a crazy week a lot of
stuff is going down I am so excited
about trixin I know you guys are sick
about it
honestly here's the reason why I have
missed vlogs because I've been doing a
lot of tricks in business and I know you
guys don't like it so I don't log it
every time I'm doing something trixin
which has been a lot lately with my new
stickers I really happy about him I love
them I added some new stickers to my
laptop which is a high honor because I
have had this laptop and this laptop
means a lot to me I have built my Empire
on this machine anyways what was I
talking about I got thinking about that
computer man that computer has done over
five years of daily vlogs on that
computer I can't believe it still not
going one if the day that computer dies
I will cry like a dog died like when
Malachi died I'll cry that much that's
how much that computer missed me anyways
Taylor what's up where you been I'm in
California this is the beginning part of
the video I'm losing concentration
alright I'm here to shoot a thing at the
YouTube space I have a bunch of footage
from all different that I just I'm gonna
put all the footage that I have that has
been piling up because I haven't been
putting up videos I'm gonna put it in
this video right now and it's just gonna
be a big long crazy I don't know what's
even in this vlog vlog hopefully like it
and then we'll get back to normal on
Monday kay please check out the new
shaycarl video it is live it's a
baseball video we had so much fun
shooting at Taylor I wish you could have
been there you'd have been on the blue
team right today right Tay Tay me and
Taylor
together and it was such a blast to
shoot the kids are in it I hope you like
it it's on the shaycarl channel the song
listen the song should be playing in
every major league baseball stadium in
the country it's so good
hi I'm Ron roadie in 48 hours I call
them up I'm like dude can you do like a
version of like take me out to the
ballgame
two days later Ron sends me this email
here's a cut of the song I'm like it's
awesome you kidding me you're a wrath
Jimmy's I love and I mean how fast he
turned it around in fact I'm gonna put a
little bit of Ron's song in the new
shaycarl video that you can click to go
watch in the end slate of today's shoot
arts vlog you love you guys here's the
video that was a long intro
hi walk in here what's up
we're in the dugout Hornet dugout listen
listen come up next up to bat number 15
Shay Butler I'm left man yeah give me
some all right stretch it out stretch it
out here we go big game going on the
whole crews here
Tyler's painting the tricks and logo
second he showed up we put a can of
spray paint in his hand and we said go
to work straight to work we're playing
some baseball here look at Sam dae-ho
looking all handsome in these pants Sam
did you play baseball
Dejan did ya de Haan won the Little
League World Championship for the Korean
team six years in a row yeah this is fun
we're playing baseball today hi oh uh
let's see that outfit he blue team
that's the coach's head I think you blue
team you're so cute yours ready play
baseball run show us your walk over
honey I should walk over she finally got
it by herself
you got it good job that's beautiful
that over there that looks exciting
baby throwing wouldn't be a tricks and
family bar with you without being thrown
just here with my dad and the whole
family got you eatin bad that's a common
affair but are you eating not to food
we're making a video it's a baseball
you'll see here go forth run run run run
run run run
we're playing a little baseball for
trixin to show off these nice shirts you
guys like them tricks and shirts and
they show a family on the back upside
down family it's really fun watching all
the kids play baseball I think this is
the first time that we played baseball
with the girl so they're learning it's
really fun though
Shea's out there be and to think how
cute he is cutest you know what a
pension bump mr. Derek over here
thanks know the cowboy haha alright blue
here we go one out plays at three KC
Butler's up to bat alright KC's up to
bat oh well that's up
I got it I got it got it I got it on the
camera
ha ha yeah case that means you're out
when I put it in my mitt that means you
have to sit down oh nice we caught it
while he's vlogging I'd say that's
talented yeah guys you did it we caught
a ball fly all right here goes Derek up
to bat I hope it doesn't come to me I
got it again
oh dang it dang everything hey red
alright what's the lineup what's the
lineup who's up Gavin you hit Carly's
hit race head emi's hit baby hands akin
to same pitches no you doing a great job
teaching earth you look like a natural
honey just don't break anything just
don't break anything I said I said love
you playing catch broke yellow catcher
treasure
Oh got a third all the way in keep
coming keep coming keep coming
get out get your light get Darla nice
all right dad's up to bat Avia what are
you doing excuse me do you work for
National Geographic now is our RVs
camera oh we got an answer he's out
there making sure we're doing the right
thing
hi baby boy I mean Lucas
up to bat let's go Amy ready okay watch
the ball here you go nice run run run
run run amiright had a girl good job
nice hear you guys are so cute I love my
family love you there goes the baby he
thinks he's gonna go play ball not yet
buddy
all right this hotties about to back
yeah whoa that's really rope easy caught
it dude it's okay babe I miss Gavin go
Gavin nice
oh good Casey's up again this is where I
get all my outs right here okay sup I'll
be right here case watch isn't it right
time Eddie can't help it right here
cases look we got tribe Baylor over here
on second base trying to vlog as he's
running the bases you need to focus real
hard
Oh okay so he's looking to rip it this
way right ups a shortstop here we go
Casey but about about about ah what's up
what's up Mike
nice nice catch there's a bouncer
where's Tyler
time Tyler vlogging as he runs a foot a
weird way that's what I'm doing alright
the bases are loaded let's go booty all
right that's a wrap on the tricks in
baseball
we just had a blast playing baseball
check out the new baseball teams
available now good game everybody here
we go he did yeah he's a fluffy one take
it easy
there they go that's the tree they're
chasing each other up the tree is
chasing him peaches how come you
enunciate so well peaches I just woke up
good morning it's a great day dude we
got a rock zip it and would you be too
low cut our freaking lens scratch I'm
outta here you guys are annoying I'm
leaving
hi hey one take one take this is one
takes are good because then you get real
life I can't edit out when the kids are
screaming and being obnoxious cloud are
you naked
she's not in here hey there's no video
today sorry I have to fly to Los Angeles
look she's already getting some of my
stuff packed for me see what I turned
the camera it's like a vlog what you
want every want something cheese hey I'm
not stopping I'm gonna keep going this
whole time
I'm not even wearing pants right now you
guys that's how real this is what this
is real life here in fact now that I
thought about not having pants on I'm
worried about all these mirrors there's
a lot of mirrors dang you have to review
this footage now I don't want it at it I
just want to upload this Brock who's max
where's your mom I want to
- um this is a ball what's your ball get
out of here hey well I'm doing a
one-take no vlog today the balls max duh
why are you throwing max around so much
man go buy second hey Bucky hey one take
today still on my glasses getting ready
first let's show Jackson's face taxi all
right Jojo J that's Jake
yeah hey c'mere let me see your face let
me see your face Daxton had a skateboard
accident
what happened brought tell us what
happened what happened cuz we weren't
there was you and Gavin he get on the
skateboard and he go down the road who
died catch up and he crashed but I hurt
Brock Brock is right though he's the one
that caught Jackson um
they were out here in front of our
driveway and Daxton got on one of the
skateboards and started flying down the
driveway and Brock stood out in front of
him and grabbed the skateboard when he
grabbed the skateboard Jackson came
flying off the skateboard cuz of his
momentum and then scratch his face Oh
Mike and he was following me
he cracked oh he was following you on
the bike and he was on the skateboard
okay he's got a lot of kids to keep up
with yeah he's gonna be pretty stuff he
does I think yeah yeah alright so I have
to head to Los Angeles we have to head
to LA today ozq of outside you go
outside you'll catch the kitties one
take all real life this is happening in
our lives we are real people that have
kids and dogs it is good in green
there there's blondie Z hanging out
there's iron man on his scooter
screaming about Jojo so I'll be back in
a few days without you oh thanks for the
kiss what are you doing well we're just
here at Gavin's soccer game he had game
instead of practice tonight so it's
super nice there's nobody else here on
this field right now remember my baby
over there oh I have two babies they're
smiling at me look at her carrying that
baby pretty soon he's gonna be just as
big as her all right well I've got in
trouble at halftime by my son who came
to be to ask me about how he's doing and
I said you're doing a great job I
haven't gotten anyone on camera but
you're doing great it's like what you
didn't get it on camera oh so I have to
flog now get over there and he scored
like three or four holes I think your
track is just a tiger you know he's a
beast he's on fire
and I can't keep track of all this whoa
whoa you're not playing not in the game
yet you have in the game yet disaster
averted
you can't play yet bro you have to wait
your turn it's gonna get kicked we're
gonna think he's the ball are you asking
your brother if you can play with that
yeah he's playing soccer I don't think
he can hear you but that's nice to ask
rookie so cute alright Brock ease up
dribble it back go fast
good job good job good he's gone that's
all right
pretty good dude you guys are cute
that's how did you know that's his
favorite place to watch the game from up
on some big shoulders huh he's like look
I can cibrex practice any of you here I
can't see if he's happy or not he's
happy areas yeah dude I'm trying to get
the shots and you're trying to put hats
on my head there want to go back on
grandpa shoulders oh you look so cool
now mm-hmm Gavin don't be mad I was
filming Daxton I missed it
I've been filming every other play yeah
sorry hey buddy where to go he went off
chasing the ball then you decided to sit
down next to it and have a conversation
did you say hi to the ball okay pick it
up let's go take it back oh it's that oh
you found something else what it's a
rock all right no cover my kids have the
best Grandpa's there we go you ready you
ready both of them give him my good mind
to dunk the ball okay Holly you put it
in Oh hurry go get it poor get away I'm
tired now 85-86 time it's time to redone
Zahra look I'll get it he cries cuz it
goes too far go get it that's part of
ball games I will beat the ball just
mama busy picking my nose I don't mean
go get the ball get ready for lessons
you're having guitar lessons or going
out we're not going to interrupt them
this is where the EDA kids first guitar
lessons with my dad and I'm so excited
because obviously my dad's amazing and
to learn from him would be amazing
what's wrong Iron Man's in the corner
that's not a good thing bro look did the
villain out beat you flogged I'll let
you kill myself
Cameron stop vlogging because we're
looking for a soccer shirt okay guys do
you think that these guys could help us
find it maybe probably not
when I'm out to the ballgame is like a
nice dream got a $7 cold
and I scream at to the back
for the home team back to the left take
me out with the crowd scream it's the
smell of the grass
the fam
