this is a mountain red light we're at a
intersection down up complacency will
sneak in you have to hold the line we
are an eternal unstoppable force for
good all right we gotta get this done
we got exercise day one of the hill run
we're training for a half marathon okay
so I'm not sure if any of you guys have
noticed recently but I'm getting super
chubby oh well yeah you have I saw the
comments complacency sneaks in you got
to hold the line so we signed up for a
half marathon in January today is day
one it means you have to put a line in
the sand and say here's Who I am here's
the kind of person I am complacency that
little thing where it's like um you
start letting yourself go you don't work
as hard pushes that line back you got to
hold that line strong is so annoying
running yes exercise it's uncomfortable
doesn't feel when you start a plan for a
while but then you get into a group you
can't go without it like your body okay
you guys believe that or you guys well I
got the bullcrap I'm not doing it
nope not exercise I feel the frustration
I'm like man I was a lot better shape
and I let myself go complacency slips in
the path of least resistance is tempting
for us as humans this life it's a battle
you think this is gonna be easy you're
sitting at home feeling bad for yourself
wishing you had more money wishing you
had a better job well what are you
willing to do just sit there and
complain and keep whining keep saying oh
poor me life is so hard I got some
unfair breaks you don't know my life
Shay I just suffered some stuff that you
didn't have to suffer through yeah Ida
suffered through stuff you didn't have
to suffer through we all got to deal
with it's tough if you're not saying to
yourself this is gonna be hard this is
not gonna be easy you're in the wrong
dude you're the wrong timeframe wrong
mind frame this is gonna be hard you do
have to work you do have to think now
Jackson's crying cuz he left him behind
what are you gonna do what are you gonna
do to change your life what am I gonna
do I'm gonna try to keep running I'm
never gonna stop even if I get fat again
and you're like Shay why don't you just
keep it like cuz it's hard I can't I
keep screwing up but I'm not gonna quit
try and I'm not gonna quit saying okay
I'm gonna start again start again again
you're 36 Shay how many times you gonna
start all over again every frickin time
tell I'm dead what are you gonna do and
you're like well Shay like what does
that mean what am I supposed to do
here's very first tip for you very first
tip look around your house right now
where you add you're in your bedroom
where you at look around is it a mess
that's your very first step clean up
your surroundings straighten them up I
know you like Shay this is just who I am
this is just no bullcrap you cannot get
things done you cannot be an effective
person if there are clothes and dirty
dishes and just stuff scattered all over
your bedroom in your house
think about that you cannot have a good
life if you are living in trash sorry if
that offends you and I know that our
house is dirty a lot of times but that's
a first step
yeah you we can tell when our house is
dirty when our room is dirty we just
feel like crap you can't have this good
attitude in a clean mind if you're
living in squalor you can have a you can
be broke dead broke and still have a
clean house you can have zero dollars
and still straighten up your room and
make your bed you could have no bed and
you could just like sleep on the carpet
but at least you picked up all the trash
off the carpet like what are you willing
to do start right there with your
surroundings look at your life take
inventory and ask yourself what are the
changes that I need to make how long am
I going to let myself continue to suffer
and continue to feel bad for myself like
a little baby Oh grow up
you gotta be a woman you got to be a man
you got
grow up you got to get things done you
got to make decisions and you got to
work hard it's not easy it is not easy
but we're all struggling to make it
happen and you can do it too all right
rant over all righty oh nice
so me and Colette decided that because
just because the kids are not here
doesn't mean we can't do their push-ups
so me and Colette are going to try to do
70 push-ups between the two of us so
that it together they can't do it
amen well go all the way down touch your
nose on the rock you're good now up down
up keep your butt up down up down three
up down up down he just ripped one new
nother one down touch your nose on the
rock oh yeah attaboy good work if you
feel it all like you're frustrated about
the way your life is going
remember this saying work will work when
nothing else will work what time to get
up in the morning do you sleep in do you
spend all your time watching Netflix and
Game of Thrones I'm just saying like
there's not not that that's wrong but if
you are frustrated if you feel like you
don't have everything that you want in
your life you have to be honest with
yourself and you have to say what am i
spending my time on am i just sitting
around all day am I just looking at the
internet all day what am I actually
doing you got to make a change and if
you don't want it that's fine if you're
like no I'm fine
you know just sitting around all day
then cool I mean power to you like I'm
not saying that's wrong I'm just saying
if you're frustrated if you feel like
you don't have what you want in your
life you got to start making some hard
changes all right I have to do that all
the time I have to recommit all the time
complacency will sneak in you have to
hold the line nobody's gonna change
things for you change
excuses are the worst thing for you I
mean we're reminding ourselves
yeah I'm not we're preaching to the
choir here okay nice okay count form Dax
25 26 27 I think we're at 31 32
thanks Dax eleventeen I love it
we're at 35 34 just actions count and a
girl get it
68 69 7a we did it
70 okay family okay put your hand in
decks ready to our chair here we go we
are an eternal unstoppable force for
good yes down the hill don't trip buddy
yep there you go gosh he's picking up
speed
gravity's kicking in so every time we go
on to run dachshund brings me flowers he
didn't let it stop him even though the
flowers are he said don't drop them
on the ground glad you kept him thing is
so funny
I don't know how long the last dude did
you just wake up for your nap he just
woke up from his nap and came walking
out here breakdancing Oh Brock was
listening to some music
okay show us what you did
when we did it with a lot more pizzazz
yes you did
all right how are you guys today I am
baking not making no I'm not thinking
Bowser why I am making stuff today I'm
gonna do lettuce wraps and I think I'm
gonna make quinoa and I'm writing down
some recipes some ingredients of recipes
that I haven't tried yet so that I can
buy the things at the store so I can try
my goal is to try a new recipe every
week like at least one new thing every
week and I kind of fell off that for a
little while as we were traveling and
stuff but now I'm back and so I'm
writing down a couple new recipes that
we're going to try this week I'm excited
and you know also we're gonna make it
I've never ever made freezer Jam what is
that it's gonna be a raspberry flavor
that what what's that did you find candy
oh you're not supposed to have it either
we're trying to find all the candies
getting rid of it tada stashes guys I
wasn't quick enough yes yes Logan we
have places to be work to do
some people they got pitch to walk man
we can traffic jam I'm trying to get
stuff done and it's like you get stuck
in traffic for who knows how long do
and signal good one look fair oh you
know this happens you're trying to head
on up to get some business done and this
is a mountain red light we're at a
intersection these guys got that left
hand a green signal that's pretty cool
so reminds me of Lonesome Dove BEST
WESTERN of all time if you love westerns
you haven't seen Lonesome Dove with
Robert Duvall you are missing out go
check that flick out one of the best
ever
oh no we're gonna have a stick that a
rabbit where offer you know over me what
are you like what are you like Randy
I've always kind of is here like right
here boy dude it's like a sea of cattle
up there
um hurt hurt nope get out there and get
it stop eating our graph look at them
they're napping wipers your ass yeah you
get come on eat it round here you go
ahead maybe you already know sheepdogs
oiled up toiled okay I'm getting out of
there ha ha get get get get get she's
actually doing a really good job they
they got back in line I just heard it
like 30 cows they did look at this cow
girl
this cow girl killer I helped I was
hurting them too I don't run we got you
cello playing I better get a biscuit and
grits not by the campfire round of these
counts to say hi frickin traffic jam oh
brother
oh he's whipping a good one oh good boy
can you believe the traffic today around
Kabul gobble gobble you know what I'm
saying
turkey turkey humor all right you guys
I'm making dinner and I realized I
forgot to buy one of the ingredients
which is kind of a main one when you're
making something that you want to taste
it but I meant appetizing yeah so I was
trying to go no sugar today tiger
that's our appetizer yes no we're not
we're not gonna go in that direction we
don't eat our pet yet we're sorry I
wasn't here no sugar today and then
these guys found some more candy in the
car Wow
we're really trying it's not working we
really have to D wiggle you junk
everything yeah row it all the way to
the boss no yeah you know what I was
gonna say he whips around sorry
public larocque knows I don't put up
with that all right so I was gonna have
basil pesto go on the salmon it's a
pistachio encrusted salmon I made it
before it it called that for better or
for pesto and I don't have any
I'm gonna have to improvise I do have
capers and I love capers I don't know if
the rest of the family will love capers
though so I'll try it alright I've got
my helpers we've made the mixture that's
supposed to be the yummy part on the
salmon look I'm you do i wiii be jumpers
I'm putting SpaghettiOs in stuffs
potatio that's what I've been saying all
day I keep saying calling them the wrong
name
what is that oh I don't know what it's
raw sound underneath it's okay we're
gonna do this and we're gonna make some
scallops no I'm scared am I gonna die
vroom so you're not all salmon no you're
not no but I've never made scallops
before so I've been googling how to make
a good escape me I love when you google
good scallops
just click on your face I don't know
like I did hey mom it's ammonia oh yes
we need to put the rest ok you guys we
are gonna get him a haircut very scary
thing - okay so okay I've never made
scallops this is what I got I got some
scallops and I googled how to do it
course we have to start with a piping
hot pan and then it only takes about
three minutes to cook up your them I
guess but they're not clam excited I
could Google what a scallop was because
I really didn't know what it was you
learn something new every day search boy
okay this is what they look like so far
okay pretty
just like 30 more seconds then we'll
take them off oh man I'm looking like an
old scroungy Bowl fat ugly anyways hey
final looks at the dinner scallops babe
you killed it salmon this is a pistachio
and crusted salmon darn mashed potatoes
gravy pull up bless your heart she went
to Caesar salad look this is the final I
think she gets a hundred thousand Heaven
points every time she provides this
family with a delicious well-rounded
meal like this honey I love you will
marry me yes or he did got her
anyways doing homework eating dinner
book report Colette went to go get a via
from cheerleading are we gonna wait for
them I'm just if you can't beat them
join them
that's what I was gonna say let's eat
right away I think that's what he said
