for your break it is Tuesday April 21st
2015 welcome to another Glory's now you
guys know what I'm doing
headed to CrossFit I have an injury I
have a shoulder injury not from CrossFit
from baseball and played that tricks in
family baseball game this week and we're
doing these shots of us diving and
catching the ball and I jammed my
shoulder on one of them so I'm worried
my baseball career is gonna hurt my
CrossFit career so many sports I'm so
athletic and stuff probably hung guys
rat that way yeah
here is the update of the light from
with my brother and Blake again Fred and
Fred and Blake how embarrassing is were
the same trying to burn off some
calories you know tired Wow slide oh
it's a time for nap time
oh oh that's not time yes getting closer
getting closer to nap time so dad went
to a tricks in me today I think they're
doing a photo shoot actually and I could
have gone but we had like saw I'm stuff
later so I don't want to miss it
horrible landing right look at this
drop-off you should make it smooth huh
sleepy bones you ready to go I'm gonna
go take a nap
Wow nope soon as you say nap they perk
right up it's time to play never time in
a nap
come in you guys you don't want to be in
the passenger side of this vehicle you
see behind the wheel seriously Bexon hi
hi
okay you're so fast
I jump like those those BMX bikers yeah
don't please
oh look sorry guys are you gonna jump
like those bikers yeah don't okay okay
you can if you promise me you over
yourself okay okay hey guys I found
myself on the side of a mountain would
you like to see it it's at the time when
the Sun is setting in sky I'm gonna
climb that and Blake is there he's an
exact video Derrick is there he's gonna
make jokes Golden Hour
here we go little dangerous
I mean scale from one to ten six and a
half depending on your ability level
I'd say my ability levels at a nine so
the odds are in our favor
Logan snapping some pics am good I know
show me the one that we just got look
very dangerous I call this my bat boy
dude that I'm gonna put that on the
Internet that's good let me edit one and
I'll send it to you best plate flakes up
there somewhere
what do you think them full rocks coming
down yeah hold on I'm just waiting for
us we'll hold still Dejan hi nice
weather
Brooke climbing up the mountain in the
tricks and B Golden Tee is that what
it's called the B Golden Tee just so
don't be falling off the mountain
Rapunzel look up at jarv you and you're
climbing dejan and smile very getting
shots dude you're the coolest superhero
with a bunny I've ever
seen you've got muscles and a bunny did
you save him did you save him from
something that's what it looks like he
must have saved him from like a bush a
burning bush wait what that's biblical
now we're talking about Moses he saved
the bunny from roses burning bush okay
wait
sorry head Rebecca the same place we
were before yeah with what are you
Wolverine yes yeah Wolverine the rabbit
catcher we're here just for Gavin's
pictures he's getting pictures done for
soccer so he was really bummed because
any time he doesn't get to practice he
gets really mad if they cancel practice
or if they catch a game or if you get to
get pictures instead of practice upset
does he love you soccer doesn't he
yeah the choice - we love the toys we
are descending now and it's steep hey
guys there's Derek grey we're just
basically getting a bunch of tricks and
shots with the crew Derek dude even
lifting is that Dwayne the rock Johnson
he's looking like an stacked dude did
you run the New York Marathon when I
look at your casts I'm like I think that
guy ran all five boroughs of the New
York Marathon yeah right next to you
telling you to quit crying and hurry up
baby no you have nice calves this is one
of those kind of it's steep enough
really sit down and slowly slide yeah
you want to catch a tow and endo look
into Jovi's camera just so just a little
bit of a good or vibes we need a little
bit good or vibes yeah that's better
flavors are there
Mountains and it's just feeling great
can you really you guys like talented do
a cheering Taylor Swift
I don't okay I need my guitar okay fine
I'll do it Jesus take the we will get a
guitar all right walk down this river
next all right we're just hanging out at
Grandma's house she fed us dinner
hey Jackson look at me and dachshund
gave himself a ranch a ranch hairdo
that's red stressing in his hair and
chocolate pudding on his face so happy
about it did you say thanks for dinner
grandma hey pick up all the rock pick up
all the rocks let's see it again
whoa that's really bouncy I know it
looks really cute you look really cute
he did his own hair with his ranch
dressing and cucumbers okay let's see it
again
do it back down spring it is so
beautiful out here right now it's not
hot it's not cold it's just beautiful
that was not a back handspring but thank
you Wolverine for that lovely thing you
did okay watch Jackson's drink everyone
he's got one trick and he's gonna use it
he's gonna wear it out
chango's train over it no do that that's
fun and scary lets you teeter-totter
really high okay don't we all Thank You
bear wait you know so I got to you what
if I went this way so you can shoot that
way lighting that's for shooting like
this huh you know football check all
good things the question is is the world
is the world ready comp those Maxton
learning to jump on the trampoline hey
you look a little bit faster but that's
okay yeah yeah you look cool whoa whoa
do it again how do you jump my toe
I love it Clem has another chicken oh my
goodness don't eat him okay don't eat
this chicken take my special chicken
okay put him back in his little solo
play
doesn't get hurt that's a good chicken
owners job Rocky
no put it right there no no no no put it
back in there
used to be in there okay put it back in
there drippy pants
hmm you're my little chickens Oh
under my Squishy stop chicken watch your
face bro yo yo check it one time sorry
about no vlog yesterday guys I was
slammed at the tricks of warehouse
clothes and business a lot of stuff we
have some brand new designs coming out
some new videos we have three new videos
that we're working on so what is talking
about n slates and ed aid editing and
like doing approvals on cuts and then
also design for the website you know who
to decide all that that's the crazy
thing about this clothing business is
all the things that you never thought
about that you have to think about we
have to think about and learn that you
have to think about those things that we
didn't know that we had to think about
so have to figure out the things that
were supposed to be thinking about that
we don't know that we're supposed to be
thinking about so that we can think
about them and be ready when the time
comes to be ready to have thought about
that thing and that's what I was doing
that's why I couldn't upload a video
maybe guys thanks for watching be sure
to click on to feel a lucky button the
previous there button right there that's
the day before and then with the
Shaytards are doing one two three four
and five and six years ago today it's
crazy we've been doing it that long I
know okay okay I love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow bye bye
