go Brock nice oh right in the right in
the gonads poor guy
and here's today's weather update it's
sunny I'm a slush puddle right here yeah
that's gonna be a giant slush puddle
which usually means as sea keels paws
are gonna be super muddy for the next
few days we have to have a wet towel by
the door Zeke and Casey coming back from
a hike Casey has Winston strapped on his
back in a backpack come on Ziggy oh I
wanna see Winston he was smiling when
they left it's kind of cold out here
hopefully it's not too chilly hey how is
grouper how is the hike I mean Jay was a
trooper he was just sat on my back the
whole time and slept
he looks comfy without fun Winston got
to see the site yeah you see any animals
he's got two dogs
Lonnie comes sneaking up on us out of
the sagebrush and scared just one day
later no snow no snow
Avia go do a back handspring in the
grass where one day ago I was trudging
through two foot drifts just move away
from him he's busy flattening that spot
out picked that spot she's good right
there
oh my drama go oh I'm gonna start
smacking some people if I don't see a
back handspring there you go I want you
to land on those on those arms straight
boom that's better
good job girl hey what's going on is
this worth the strife and turmoil okay
is are you saying we need to share
because you just want what she has hmm
Dax you're the sheriff here what would
you do gap you ready I want to tell them
where we're going tonight what we're
doing going to like the skateboard thing
we're like to do jumps and stuff this
skateboard thing where they do jobs and
stuff I can't wait such a nice spring
day I don't think I need to be going no
I think I'll just take it easy right
here if you don't mind me goodbye I
actually have a hypothesis would you
like to hear it
yes here's my here's my hypothesis Carly
turn your camera off oh my gosh how many
tires had to die to make those pants hey
Jean your wife has on where's mine are
those Carly wearing in the coveted blue
tricks and girl hats I'll tell my
hypothesis later Dean you guys are great
tricks and hat models put your faces
together oh yeah that's good now yeah
you guys are gay or just uh my
hypothesis is the reason I told Colet
that she's beautiful is because I think
if you tell her she's beautiful she'll
get more beautiful I believe that she's
actually beautiful but that's the only
reason I tell her I just want to have a
I just have I won't have a pretty wife
oh my oh my gosh eaters they were so
trixin to help to them saying like if
you like kind of like tell somebody that
they're a certain way they'll be that
way that's why a pretty wife shows to be
an ugly heads up I kept tell her she was
beautiful and she just kept getting more
and more it that's why it serves its
sign out its science
the ramp riot jumping tricks one a quick
taste backless guys in all the magazines
and all the video all of them
I did all right
Colette CIN love with the motorcycle
boys
I thought Iraq
brings out every time she freaks out you
gotta respect that this dude is flying
like Superman 60 feet over the ground
off of a motor that has two wheels on it
her butts shaking except this next guy
is the very best I think
biggest in this part right here
now
mom I heard you square monolith war
scene emergency room being happy that's
why we bought the tickets honey no
that's not front-flip what are you gonna
do what you gonna do
Oh
you guys see that
soccer Saturday football Friday
no it's soccer Saturday Gavin said he's
gonna score five goals today in his game
I told him if he doesn't score at least
three he has to walk home and he agreed
to it dude if your mom can steal it from
you that's not a good beginning so I get
start to the day I'm scoring five goals
get it at me get it at me oh it's a
house a fierce battle don't give up get
it at me get it at me get it get it here
comes the MVP himself there he goes
Gavin I like that hat he's gonna go get
it get the ball there he goes off to get
the ball Oh
lupus beat him to it the co along Emmys
hair is getting it's pretty alright here
we are right here that's where Brock's
gonna score probably ten goals we'll see
how foreign players on the field a
different player ma'am get your kid off
the field dang and I missed it too many
players on the field all right here we
go a score goal let's go it's like okay
I'll take it from here thanks I just
needed to get started off for me
so hard nice stop Avia get it dude get
it in turn it around dude go down and
get it now get it come bring it back
there he goes get it in brach get it in
get it dude get it get it get it dude
get it out of there get it out of there
get it back in there Brock keep your
back in Brock Oh same team
turn around broccolis you want to use
his hand so bad here you go coach bring
it down bring it down bring it down all
the way all the way all the way
Oh get it back - nice hustle go Brock
nice oh right in the brain the gonads
poor guy Oh check it out yeah where you
going to get kicked in the nuts during
the soccer game you get a hug from your
mom
ha GZ poor guy hey dude that one get in
the balls that hurt right in the nuts
huh that's that's too bad that's not you
maybe we need a cup in soccer
hey you're hustling out there though
give me five I'm proud of you can we
bounce you won't go back in alright you
go back in the hair nice awful dude get
it get it get the ball Brock
turn it around oh nice defense good job
Brock get a Brock keep going yeah nice
job
attaboy good job
and south
it is Saturday we just got done watching
Brock's game Avia looking cute our
limits to see gages birthday got a
birthday party to go to but first Gavin
has his soccer game and he said he's
gonna score three goals or he has to
walk home
do you think he'll score three goals cuz
we're going straight from do you think
he'll score three goals let's see I
don't know guys I saw on the other side
let's go get love this game he's on fire
think that's three three goals whoo dude
are you guys listen okay father along
father log from the sidelines of the
soccer game father log I'm embarrassed I
don't want people think that I'm talking
so I'm gonna listen if yeah what I'm
here beside I feel embarrassed you guys
are serious I feel embarrassed because
Kevin isn't dominating he's soaked oh
he's demonstrating superior barrier car
does he have three or four no you've got
like five or six no gold sizes for this
for Gustavo to heat the first I'll pay
like you guys pay like David Beckham
Paley's come in hey what's up David
Beckham Pele hey where the hell did you
get so good at soccer
you've been playing Fifa you can play
fifa every day for the rest of your life
I'm serious danger like dominating I
feel embarrassed don't score so much
you're embarrassing me when you cook
your Kevin efficient and your coop says
pass
mom Gavin don't embarrass me if you
score more than ten goals I'll be
embarrassing why because you're doing
too good he's sooo sad like Gavin's a
good soccer player like he can dribble
man I'm impressed
seriously we're gonna buy a soccer ball
find a soccer ball with a kid oh yeah
watch this footwork watch it for work
nice pass good pass yeah guys watch the
back and wait yeah I can hold that there
for 45 seconds are up yeah Jake
stretching it out about to get out here
and score me some gold how to get these
hammies loosened up ah I squirt uh shot
about 78% last season I bet you I'll be
over 80% this season all right let's
loose please baby level mum Tommy Boy
yeah some good what what I'm just
getting warmed up for the game what's up
there and boy that's all right I'm blue
some blue somebody go keep doing it over
and over again though so cool baby oh
wait oh oh yeah new moves block get a
new move hot sauce stretch it out
stretch did he seriously watches me
stretching all right coach boom you and
I'm ready sure we got that room you guys
gonna join the exercise class is still
going going I love you that's gonna keep
going something
all the way dude come on three more
goals let's go go
nice get it I got it pass to you Gavin
no hands all right start over nice shot
I missed it Gavin scored to the typical
all right um we need to get Gavin scored
seven dude I didn't even get the very
first one the very first goal was like
all but it was on his left side and in
stride as a corner cool oh yeah you like
sleep tackle kicked one in you got that
one too Gavin can play frickin soccer
I'm impressed dude and I'm not just
saying that cuz you're my son you're
badass awesome
Loki bear is here that means he has some
special stuff that means new year for
wanted for all nine section the baseball
section dude you guys check this out new
tricks and button up oh that's not the
one though where's the white one got an
alien all sorts of dad dude you have one
of the rare ones oh go go that to
collect she'll be so happy they're sold
out it's hard to get them got secret
stuff go oh good I like those new we got
the red shirts going on see the dress oh
I wanna see these I've been warned Oh
careful careful okay let me let me bring
this out let's go up that everybody meet
inside let's go I'm okay since I debris
inside let's go move it alright this
time set them down the new tricks and
gear I'm so excited
pull them out show them off to me low
right so first we got the tricks and
button up you know keeping it classy
engraving really high-quality
embroidered that's the word like kind of
lightweight but stylish we got different
threads around
did I like the back these botton ops are
perfect for warmer weather yeah
like easy this one okay dad it's yours
check it check it ah it's a girl's shirt
it's a girl's summer tea you know we got
to keep them good vibes going and tricks
in butter Sonnen tricks and family tag
hmm
what rock one will get you on the back
oh yeah that's a mint green mint
what is the trypsin there in Logans okay
I'm not wanted in car smoke I got small
me this is good
I'll medium whoo I'm excited to see the
dress this is like if I were a dress
like this would be cool turn that's cool
I like oh my god yes ma'am dude I want
to see these ones
oh the tank tops
dude I'm excited we got this is the
other girls take that no one's seen yet
this so soft
he's like those look cool it's got like
a little scrunchy thing in the back fill
it in stir oh it's crunchy think cool at
I like these hold that up this is some
of the softest material you will ever
wear on your body that's nice
let me see yeah dude right that looks
really nice clap put that on this Kwan's
I'm excited this quality and if any of
you follow me or Colette or any of us on
Twitter or Instagram you know that we
had a huge shoot with the tricks and
family yesterday we have some new
baseball shirts and some baseball hats
we're really excited about it you do not
have to be a member
anybody in the world can get tricks and
clothing at tricks and comm we ship
anywhere if you have a mailbox if you've
ever seen a postal worker of any kind
near your house we will ship to you it's
going to be expensive if we have to ship
it across the world but we will ship it
anywhere in the world and like I said no
memberships anybody can go to trick
CENTCOM and get some of those Kuh
threads thanks for watching dude I'm so
proud of my sons I can't
bolito good gavin man shocked me
seriously I was like dude you are
impressive you know what it is it's from
playing with those kids in LA
those Mexican kids man they are good at
soccer that's what god I'm so good I
guarantee it because they would I
remember he would tell me they would get
these intense games during lunch at
recess and seriously think that's what
made him so good so shout out to all my
Latino homies in LA thanks for making my
son good at soccer
anyways love you guys thanks for
watching and we appreciate it and thumbs
up and leave a comment and if you want
to see what the Shaytards were doing 1 2
3 4 5 & 6 years ago
click on one of those videos Archy dokie
well show you tomorrow
