hello welcome to the weekly Shaytards
recap show I'm Shane the editor you've
already seen all this crap before why
are you watching it again
every Saturday we're doing a best-of
changes when you're used to one-way
redirection can cause complete disarray
doing the
expecting different results
who's ready to score some goals go
Bronco go go go go all the way all the
way take it in yes they just watched it
no you ought to play soccer this morning
Brock that a dress or a cape dude that's
the problem with Clark Kent you got to
tuck that cape in bro looks like you
have a dress from behind how do you guys
like the weekend video huh we hate them
you might could be expected more of
those I finally let Sheen the editor out
of the basement
we had him tied up Collette chained him
up and I don't know he was chained up
down there I just found out Shane has a
big attitude problem that's why we had
to chain him up in the basement but
we're letting work once a week I was
happier in the basement with the
shackles upon my wrists
don't even standing there with your
hands in your pants huh good morning
good morning pumpkin into that B cell my
hashtag crossing we're in those pants
the other day oh how embarrassing Zeke
would never wear the same pants two days
in a row hum buddy it's all about family
check them out tricks and dot-com do not
Y on during my promotional spot bro geez
I mean what are you doing there brother
what yeah I think you need to start
sharing a room with your little brother
Teddy your little sister that makeup
makeup on you I'm here trying to get him
dressed for bed sometimes just better
leave am naked
who's the bride things inside
all right you guys ready to watch some
more clips of mediocre people living a
mediocre life let's roll on I love you
and I love you I love you love you know
president haja across the garden through
the cops again guys no running from the
cops they're running from the cops I
told him not to they did it'd be an e on
Third Street now they're trying to get
away here's my impression of street car
laughing
what the Daisy
Gavin that is rude you need to uh say
excuse me when that happens thank you
what I just wanted to have this be the
Brock show here you take the camera hi
guys no my camera back now gold and blue
they're not where's your shoes bro
there's uh their socks you can't get
this dog some shoes he's getting jealous
oh hi will you please subscribe to our
YouTube channel dad shut up nobody wants
to subscribe your stupid YouTube channel
go gets in your shower and shut your
mouth
that dogs about the only one I can stand
in this family alright let's go to
Friday oh wait there was no Friday blog
cuz shaycarl is a lazy slacker and could
give me any footage to edit I'll see you
next Saturday I wish I was still locked
in the basement the shackles and chains
were better than this barbaric treatment
I hate you car
