we're at that place where we do that
thing that makes us sweat say it with me
now come on you know it say it
hashtag Grabbe I'm tired
guys let's hide let's hide together
inside this car then I don't have to go
to CrossFit oh isn't this nice it's
gonna be hard but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome and your wife
is
it's going on we've currently rolling I
just slid on that rail on the side of
the path oh my head let's just pulled my
groin muscle
we got about six inches of snow maybe
drifting about two feet I can't even see
the pathway it's somewhere here let's
see if we can find the pathway there's
the pathway maybe three or four inches I
don't know but it's still snowing and
it's April 15 I'm listening to Diddy
keep calling baby we live it is sin
comes Isaac yo what's that buddy you
know about me taking Zeke for a walk
enjoying the snow dude right here or the
drifts it's almost over my boot that's
deep right there come on Zeke you see
our deep seat goes into it oh it's cool
you busted through that drift didn't you
getting fresh tracks
look at this the stairs are totally
covered this is crazy we can go slow
this is sled huh we go sledding today
I'll check it out yeah it's time to go
sledding it's spring sledding season my
favorite top of the year come on Zeke oh
look who that is
that is hey bud you want to go sledding
Oh Zeki oh come on bro step over the
drift
plus drop battery in the snow are you
riding the scooter show us how to ride
it
show us how you write it ah it's
actually really good on this scooter and
I'd love to watch him ride it yeah okay
show us how you do it this is how you
much no let him try it okay I want to
see look we know that you guys I wanna
see yeah oh look I can do trick I can do
watch other chicken like this many it's
a shirt yeah let's show what we did like
like oh gotta go Sean yeah cuz they
haven't seen it yet in that room what is
it
we were doing this song we did a song on
so my dad came over and helped me with a
video music music I guess it's kind of a
visit video as a jingle for a Brandel
that I'm doing on my channel on a couple
days and this is what the aftermath
looks like oh snap
if we put band-aids all over ourself and
when we take them off really bad my car
oh oh it's true hey you a beard I don't
like it
you like beer hmm money like a beard
live me with me
what is he baby free what's that called
yes what is that word what's up ah you
say pizza - pizza we're eating tonight
Oh - the one he nights we're having heat
time hey my he loves pizza that's my
family thing
he's great weirdo Brooke you're gonna
have a note for the pizza yeah what are
you going to tell the pizza a half while
you're just making a list of what we're
having
yeah surprise yeah such a good idea
kudos Ferris um a robot named ROTC Bo
ROTC Bo its c-3po right and r2d2 yeah
okay you're doing your good r2d2 r2d2 I
2 G 2 and c-3po feel God that's good
enough
high five high five I know this I know
yeah tres
oh that's a good stretch example big
stretch are you stretching stretch
stretch stretch stretch okay you have to
sit down and stretch so you don't fall
okay you sit down and stretch thank you
guys want to see what the girls are
doing we are doing a mother-daughter
party tomorrow
it is going to be shoe themed where
you're going to be donating two soles
for Souls the girls are decorating their
shoes because they're going to be giving
an award for the nicest well the funnest
shoe or whatever there's probably gonna
be a few different kinds of why because
I'm excited
okay my shoes beaut I've already painted
your lips with pizza silly ball right
back at the Shaytards we're eating pizza
pizza night how was school today do you
learn stuff okay and you look good you
skipped school did school uh what the
Daisy
Gavin that is rude you need to say
excuse me when that happens
thank you what these allegations against
me are preposterous mr. pizza baby
Keith ah all right so I'm headed right
now to Casey is my brother
Brock you just wanted to have this be
the Brock show here you take the camera
it's your show now okay okay now you've
look don't fill me from yourself you're
doing what stop hi guys I'm Trina
in order for me I am me my camera back
now you're fired
fire I never I'll take over the vlogging
responsibilities Casey has one of his
hunting videos playing down to the local
sportsmen I've gotta go watch it and
support my brother
okay bye love you guys love you
see a scooter man okay give me a hug
Hudson kiss good boy
snow patrol coming through I told you
guys to get these roads plowed hey
what's the holdup
I want these roads plowed by sunset
look at those deer that's so cool
that's not too shabby neither Wow
I could look at that with my eyeballs if
I was forced to okay here we are the big
buck fest what are you showing here a
big buck faster
deshaun big box you know it's a festival
and so like what happened Otto's a
pickpocket
dude when I get that camo I think what's
a golf ball dang it I rid of my joke
making a camo blindfold supposed to be
depressing I'm a professional here's
what I do for a living I do improv think
about this is I know it is I've done
improv you feel pressure sometimes I
guess you gotta turn the camera on to be
funny and have something to say every
day for six years it's improv think
about it I'm professional improv I just
talk to you right now it's okay I'm
living my life
it's 3:30 a.m. opening morning and I can
do this why I want be every filmmaker
they all love it better behind the
camera than in front right just want to
say thanks for coming out
Gary's what's his butt off the last two
years he was film festival going
filmmakers like me an opportunity to
show people felt not only at the local
Sportsman's Warehouse is but I think
advance like cheap show been uploading
videos youtube last four years
showcasing our hunting and fishing
experiences and it's been a
rollercoaster I'd say leaves like
YouTube was not the a platform for
hunting addition four years ago but my
brother talked me into doing it and I
started doing it and oh going to pass
through mine since I was a kid following
my dad in the backcountry was over Idaho
honey elk I wanted to have some kind of
funny show and a YouTube has given me
that platform you ready to read some
books oh you're gonna get into it you're
gonna read some spiritual stuff huh I
came in and he had that book up to his
face like he was reading it with his
legs crossed and I tried to get the
camera up fast enough and I couldn't
we're going to read some of those books
that's a lot of books we don't have time
to read all of them oh I know you want
to
we'll try where we like to book I pick
my boogers and whack no don't do that
hey I'll punch me in the nose if you do
that
okay okay want to read that up first
no I don't eat it yes that big bird yeah
go get a tissue normal read that big
bird on Christmas not a Christmas big
bird that concentration face Hey Oh what
does it say why does it say can you read
it I just shoot dad I think the shoes
are finished are you wearing them are
you getting paint all over the house
okay don't walk in my room hold on you
need to go regulate okay I'm ready for
the shoe fashion show we're on the
hardwood floor oh let's see I feel like
little bundle the middle here swings
over like cool safety with the Sun how
fun is that
just be careful not to scuffle okay now
mister that's gonna be perfect for
tomorrow
where's your shoes eek huh okay oh let's
let me see how ugly they're so ugly ugly
they're sparkly and gold and blue the
winner your puppy I think they're
beautiful they're very sparkly oh yeah
I'm not gonna pick a winner it's up to
the judges tomorrow to perform they were
lovely they're not yeah still wondering
where his shoes are first more shoes
don't like it a paint some shoes gone
long
yep there's nothing in there they're all
in a special box that we're going to use
tomorrow at the church and if there's
any leftovers then you can have one the
realization the realization when you
don't get to have candy or where's your
shoes bro this is uh their socks the guy
socks - Shane get this dog some shoes
he's getting jealous hey love you kisses
Oh where's your shoes yet not like that
is that the shoe down huh oh that's a
pretty good news ha ha oh nice
you're so talented I can't believe it
watch out Broadway here they come I'm
not sure but it's cute love this moment
right now what Rob I was watching your
dance honey I was filming you I'm having
a good time thank you for being here for
all the dances but tonight there's one
more day
mmm he's really special for us so you
better be
be careful with him and cheer up for him
and he gives a little bit like sad
sometimes
so does be nice true and heat our
special guest so I hope you love it I
love it I love it baby break down sing
with a doggy bomb in the back you guys
are professionals 5c dance party winner
oh it's book time hey baby you're eating
that book that book
where are you make a boo-boo hi booboo
everybody you're all my precious babies
thank you
hello I come home to cats perched upon
every tall I think there is hey you guys
cannot sleep on top of the car alright I
bought you a bed mama you tell those
kitties they have to sleep in the bed
that we bought you agreed
I got the nice plush bed that you guys
would sleep in it hi James
and in this one James hey James it's
feeding time once again around the
garage dude I just found out some pretty
crazy statistics and data if you will uh
look at this so I'm importing my footage
as I usually do the night before you
know like right before I go to bed for
the vlog
for the next day and sometimes you know
I get on them I'm reading comments on my
Shaytards I see this new note that says
now you can filter all of your data to
just subscribers or non subscribers just
click on the subscribe or not subscribe
drop down below I'm like what does that
mean so then I started clicking around
on this new little feature that Google
has because you know how amazing the
analytics are at Google they have they
can like track what you had for
breakfast this morning anyway so I
started playing with it and I found some
pretty crazy data as I said this blows
me away I would if you would have asked
me this before I was shown this on this
new tool I would have said no way
anyways let me show you for instance if
I look at my analytics and I see my
views for the last 28 days and I go down
here to views and I click on views and
then I go up here it says subscribed and
not subscribed so if I go to the
subscribed and not subscribed on an
average day the Shaytards channel
averages 2.6 million 2.6 million 2.4
million views a day over the whole
channel that's everybody but here's the
crazy data if I go up here and I change
it to only the people who are subscribed
to our channel I come down and see this
after it changes and it updates the
numbers change instead of 2.3 million a
day it's seven hundred thirty six
thousand eight hundred and two thousand
seven hundred forty-eight thousand these
are just the people who are subscribed
to the Shaytards channel on YouTube and
that's insane because that means that
over half of the daily Chatard views are
coming from people who are not even
subscribed to our channel and I asked
myself who are these people do I know
you have we been introduced have we
properly met uh why don't you subscribe
and I just saw this potential I was like
dude if only eight hundred thousand of
our three million subscribers are
watching us every day and all those
other views are coming from
who knows who hi will you please
subscribe to our YouTube channel um it's
crazy to think that that many people
watch our videos and are not subscribed
it's free
all subscribing means is you will get an
update saying hey the new videos up so
I'm like that can't be right that's why
I'm so blown away because in my mind I'm
like how are these people finding our
videos every day because it's a common
trend it's like every day these people
are somehow coming and watching our
videos and I'm just like how are they
finding our videos if they're not
subscribed they just come on to YouTube
every day in search Shaytards anyways
I'm curious so let me know if you're not
subscribed please subscribe to the
channel we'd love to have you then
you're like officially part of the
family so hits the subscribe button does
that make sense why I'm blown away if
you were to ask me before I looked at
that analytic I would have said well
most of our views come from people who
are subscribed to our Channel and I
would think that like maybe a small
percentage are other people who somehow
like stumble on it through related
search or they hear about it or I don't
know find it somehow through the strains
of the internet but to find that like a
huge majority of our daily views or from
people who didn't even subscribe I'm
like there's some potential there I'm
like we could if all of you subscribed
right now that's like we could gain two
million subscribers overnight that can
be cool that's like 2 million new babies
guys guess what we got a lot of puppies
to feed dad shut up nobody wants to
subscribe your stupid YouTube channel go
gets in your shower and shut your mouth
and that easy and have you good boy
alright I'm going to bed I got a
CrossFit workout to kill in the morning
I mess up and I haven't done the best I
haven't been as committed as I promised
I haven't pushed as hard as I could I
have a problem with that I admit but I'm
not going to work
I'm gonna keep pushing forward I'm going
to keep getting excited and I'm never
gonna quit ever ever you have spent so
many
