guys nobody from the cops honey they're
running from the cops I told him not to
they did it'd be any on Third Street now
they're trying to get away
you
hi walking here
goodness skateboards in the house okay
watching you do a trick Wow nice Brock
can I see it that's it don't be tripping
okay I'm watching you my goodness this
is one of those things I don't think my
parents were to let me do but it's ten
right okay I'm watching nice also
sliding down the stairs you guys ever
get in trouble for that I got in trouble
for sliding many stairs but it's fun
okay ready nice boobs - laughs ooh
let's see you Jackson I can't don't get
your fingers but your fingers oh I just
know that's gonna happen one of these
days
where'd you baby go ah got a baby in a
tent it's me there you are
okay don't rip it that belongs to the
American Girl dolls it would be very sad
if their tank got ripped right before
summer's here cuz we're gonna do lots of
camping but it's pretty cute hey guys I
love you and I love you I love you I
love you I love you I love you I love
you
oh well don't rip it
do you need to get out yes you have to
ask that Daxton to move for
all right put it back all right here's
the situation I got this little man
wearing sunglasses I'm going to take my
pictures at the mall yes we are - I
don't know about that
hey there he is again
just hanging out in his jail cell you
want to get out come on we're gonna go
to the mall and get your brother's
picture with this song get your pants on
yeah get your pants on with your diaper
all right so Collette took Gavin to an
orthodontist appointment I think and so
my job is to take broth to the mall to
get his picture for a soccer team what
are you complaining about good acts
let's go I got you got your pants on the
Kip frog get his pants for him such a
good big brother
Oh Buster Daxton still in big brothers
shorts you want to beat him up I'll hold
him down no all right well have mercy
when I get out all right let's go well I
guess winters back it's not to bring yet
sorry guys
what do you guys think about this well
we need the moisture is just cold and
blustery our use at blustery are you
blustered you have a hole in your knees
oh you must be cold
dig a hole in but I've got my yes he has
a hole underneath can you fix it
no he's yellow no oh yeah I could see
the blood okay okay I got my mittens on
these are special mittens that are given
to me by a very special friend of mine
she was my mom's best friend in college
and she was there for us all through my
mom's sickness and you know when my mom
died and she always bought me troll
dolls and Barbies and I always loved it
and she sent these to me so thank you
Laurie I love you anyways challah Canada
and they're warm and I was hoping that I
wouldn't have to wear them anymore not
that I hate doors I mean you don't I
mean I was hoping that it wouldn't be
snowing but it is Springs not here in
Idaho you have to count on spring isn't
going to come until maybe the very last
day of June and all that summer yeah
yeah so we pretty much skip spring we
don't have spring in Idaho so if you
ever plan on moving I don't just plan on
winter then summer because you're not
going to get a spring
family families go to the orthodontist
don't they sure are you nervous excited
well we're just here for consultation
right we're just checking
Gavin's cheap to seeing when he'll need
braces he's gonna need braces it's just
a matter of when how do you feel about
this do you want to get braces yeah how
Morris you do yeah how come
do you think they're cool kind of that's
fun I remember as a kid wanting braces
so bad
I like would get gum and I would put it
on my teeth like this and pretend like I
had braces I never got him Shea had
braces and his teeth are beautiful
excited yeah yeah guys I think it's
almost spring time I see the buds
blooming and uh what the heck it is
snowing it's a blizzard we're almost
whiteout status here you guys that's
crazy
you're so cool you're the best football
slash soccer player in the whole around
me guitar one top rock dude have fun bit
like I want to do that
we got you a job he's like frozen
that's cool gold
well looks like somebody stole the car
just crawled in there himself
hey excuse me where do you think you're
going you got the Popo out hello cute
hello you do you have any I don't some
fresh out be that long till he's
actually driving who Jackson that's it's
gonna be like 13 years or something
guys come on let's go we gotta go
shopping now that's what kids got to do
don't you know about wet feet bro
uncomfortable to have wet feet yeah
those are like anti splash shoes get him
we're that lateral movement by mommy
tard nice CrossFit CrossFit hotshot
CrossFit long wait isn't all right let's
go sticks I've caught you laughing like
the lunatics he's doing using Rita right
now all right
we're going to Costco because we have to
buy groceries for our food bases oh no
we're in Costco looking at toys put your
feet up and Steve it shakes like a got a
cart nerve you drive it right
they got a beer cops again guys knowing
from the cops honey they're running from
the cops I told him not to they did it
be Annie on Third Street now they're
trying to get away oh the nice cops well
we found some kitties in the store there
are the cutest kitties ever because this
is how babies are born
hopefully they come out headfirst though
if you're lucky what is going on in here
Oh Jackson was driving larrya's I love
you look at that face yeah I think you
got a little under there Jackson was
driving the car it was a funny shot but
then Colette put him in the backseat Hey
vlog bombing all right here we go home
this row and then we rolled on home
where I went to bed about 10 p.m.
because we're old boring Ted's not that
early lame people collect elm what to do
the insulate hurry go all right you guys
go click on one two three four five and
six years oh my goodness that's a long
time
that's your fake voice oh my goodness
it's so exciting a long time you shaking
up thinking should we have another kid
for that one everybody says that no
let's just get another great dog um
thanks for watching it's snowing in
Idaho I went and plowed the road today
which I liked to do and then I had to
tow somebody out who got stuck in April
I think that's weird it was quite say hi
doctor say hello yeah okay love you guys
see you tomorrow uh the web tricks and
calm is up you guys those floral hats
that you saw Carly wearing yesterday
they should be up tomorrow I'm thinking
okay thanks for watching her videos
thumbs and up and stuff see you guys
tomorrow bye have you say bye that
goodbye bye bye
yeah say bye
bye-bye he's tripped okay see you guys
