gimme what are you doing your brother I
know I tried
what yeah yeah
Oh
Oh
good morning it's another great day and
I just got out of the shower good
morning what's that doing in here
hey excuse me ma'am you are not allowed
on these premises
stay out of my house you feline you
ferocious feline it's a beautiful day in
my room that is rude you guys you need
to get your own room thank you very much
it's nice to smell in the fresh air very
nice
what do you think is it another
beautiful day is it almost springtime I
think it's almost springtime you can see
all the buds and the seeds on the trees
booming booming bursting blooming
blooming bursting a bloom burst boom
boom burst a Bloomberg Mayor Bloomberg I
don't know I'm not sure what I'm talking
about actually this is my first time out
in public should we see if the little
blonde boy is awake dear dad oh yes hi
how long you been standing there
they're hands in your pants huh I love
you you ready for another great day when
I get out of there so I want to get out
dad they get out can you climb I bet you
in a couple months you'll be able to
climb out of there he's such a good boy
it wasn't even crying he's just standing
there waiting for us to come get him
okay come on let's go
good morning come on pumpkin into that
e-cell night all right Jackson it's time
to wake up okay time to wake up time for
another beautiful day here comes the
sunshine it's here to wake us up good
morning little baby boy it's time to see
the world oh yes it is beautiful day all
right we getting ready for CrossFit
we're gonna go and he's wearing his
Canada's little champ in honor of Cecily
mrs. watchett champion all right let's
go cross that hey go get dressed
you got a hustle yeah I'm gonna kick
your butt come on come on get out
good boy all right he's ready go
CrossFit like whatever whatever we're
doing this again
mr. walleyes I just do what I'm told huh
can you tell we just did CrossFit hey
you know what's actually cool I had a
realization in the shower the other day
as I was soaking down my muscular body I
thought so muscular and Sophie set the
title this video so muscular okay
anyways I had this realization when I
was in the shower I was like oh I'm
gonna be buff I'm gonna be like ripped
I'm gonna have the body that I've always
wanted to have because I'm doing
crossfit and all you have to do this
what I love about CrossFit this is the
great realization that I had is that I
don't even have to think about all I
have to do is show up every morning at
9:00 a.m. and just do the work cuz I
don't have to plan it I don't to think
about it
all I have to focus on is getting to the
front door of this building every
morning and eventually I'm gonna be
ripped I'm gonna veer right I'm already
starting to see the results and it's
exciting I had that realization like oh
cool I'm gonna my I'm gonna have the
body that I've always wanted to have and
it's just a matter of time I just got to
show up every morning anyways hashtag
CrossFit yo yo yo yo what's up dudes we
just got out of a big meeting
tricks and crew loci bear is here guys
what up what up eating chips and salsa
there's breathe there's Carly Maria what
hey can we clear something up she and I
are not fighting Yuki loves more than
any of us a bleep house yeah I was
totally trolling so many on Twitter
likewise the grilling blogs what
happened with her and Shay this girl
this girl to me to me such a it's time
for love it's time to forgive and like
you know what you're right so I forgave
my sister because I do now what do I do
know like - si home he's like that hat
and you have it looks good uh-huh that's
way cool we just got out of a big VidCon
meeting we got a lot of cool stuff
planned for VidCon I can't wait you guys
can't wait trust me yeah boat babies was
that husband of yours Bieber's dad no
bro working too much oh yeah how
embarrassing is wore the same hat today
here yeah that's true
what are you talking about nothing
supras why is Carly relation what are
you coughing about huh hanging out with
daddy we're watching a tricks an
unboxing video dachshunds eating all the
cheddar cheese goldfish he can get his
hands on - what yeah yeah that's right
dad I can fit 46 goldfish in both my
hands dude come on get your camo butt
out of there hey weren't you in those
pants the other day oh how embarrassing
Zeke would never wear the same pants two
days in a row hum buddy I just looked
lay on this same carpet editing
uploading watching all things that we're
doing right now see hey I love you guys
dachshund likes to hang up oh dude
there's no Toobin uh I don't know why I
don't use my office because I always
want to be out here with the kids and so
I'm always in here uploading the video
and so then Daxton wants to hang out
with me so then he climbs up and then
we're just hanging out buddies just had
dinner delicious dinner here's the
aftermath we really tore it up in here
low-key bear came
today you guys I'm so excited
brand new tricks and hats I love this
one this is like my style
baseball fit curved brim what do you
guys think give you the full eighty
can't reach it up bar there it is
I like a man these are like just my
style
so the trixin site has been down because
we're like I said changing servers and
yesterday's and Schley family it's all
about family that's what it is all about
speaking of which hey well Dex and go
and then here's red one two red ones
blue ones red and white ones
please think these are like my all-time
favorite hats like I've been wearing
these flex fit hats for so long I love
these these are the really nice flex fit
the pro formas high tech huh yeah wicks
moisture away trice quickly added I love
these hats check them out tricks and
comm do not Y on during my promotional
spot bro Jesus come on work with me here
you're a good sister is she a good
sister she is a good sister what are you
guys doing over here I mean what are you
doing to your brother no I tried what
brought don't let her talk you into
these things
you're a tough soccer player I think you
need to start sharing a room with your
little brother getting your little
sister your big o mature that makeup get
makeup on you all right well as your
room clean that's all I care about is
the room cleaner dirty whoa I think the
vlogs live cool the vlogs live
is 8:30 almost 8:30 here the Shaytards
daddy is still working sometimes working
on the Internet is a good job dude
people don't believe it like I wish I
had your job or some days I don't see
him all day like Sunday some days it's
like I get up no one they don't care
that I want to hear anyways he's still
working dinner's done got cleaned up and
I'm wearing my glasses did you guys
notice have you guys noticed I've worn
my glasses the last few blogs not yet do
you guys want to know I can probably
guess I'm getting ready to have LASIK
eye surgery and I'm scared I'm nervous
this is something that I put off for a
very long time I've wanted to do it ever
since I heard it was a thing it kind of
feels like a miracle to me to be able to
see if I could see without glasses
because I Krait now you guys are super
blurry I can't even read the name of the
camera from here and that's why you're
not very far away sir and I'm I'm
legally blind if I don't have my
corrective eye lenses honey what if you
don't love me anymore and you're like um
reality hit
well these glasses do me look at that
you have three heads ha ha ha I
seriously have a concern about that
because I would say how there's a lot of
time that we spend together where you
don't have any vision on glasses is not
that long I oh you don't have contact
and I'm worried that if she has good
vision now and she's like oh actually oh
if and then I'll have to like scratch
your eyes so that I'm like oh no I don't
know I'm nervous about because with your
eyes you know if they screw up obviously
I we got major problems so yeah anyways
I'm getting laser eye surgery and it's
gonna happen
why are you doing I'm here trying to get
him dressed for bed you're such a
helpful brother it can get a shirt on
come on maybe it's time for the bed help
him get his shirt on let's try thank you
let's have him get his shirt on oh you
got again this is how you get a two-year
old dress you chase them around for two
hours and then you have to pin him down
and he's screaming and then you have
clothes on him and then you take them
off again you have to get dressed again
sometimes just better leave them naked
well these are our kids they're ready
for bed you guys ready for bed yeah yes
what are you playing
broccoli anything we're just something
can be played awesome you want breakfast
for dinner huh you already ate so I went
to mrs. Ari morning che please have some
skim milk we gotta wait till tomorrow
morning and I am here to attest that she
made him wait even with those puppy-dog
brown broccolis eyes could I have super
cereal mami tarde stood strong and she
said no because she told them when it
was dinnertime you need to eat your food
because when you're hungry later you're
not going to get any food and it's gonna
be a bad time you're gonna have to go to
bed and you're gonna be hungry he's like
you know I'm not and sure enough
mom and dad know best like usual it
sucks guys hear me out on this I used to
be a kid once upon a time and now that
I'm gonna dull them like oh my mom and
dad were kind of right about a lot of
stuff not everything I definitely was
smarter than they were on some things
but you get to learn as you get older
that your mom and dad were right about a
lot of things so clean your rooms love
you guys thanks for watching the shade
tarde vlogs check out yesterday's vlog
it was a good one Brock scored his very
first goal the plural he cheated a
little bit yeah I admit and we did a
slow-mo recap of how many rules he broke
but he scored two goals and he didn't
quit that's all I care about
and you guys want to see what the trade
hardly doing one two three four five and
six
years ago that's right six years what
six times twelve sixty seventy two
months is that right did I do that map
that fast I've impressed myself it's
wrong I guarantee it's wrong 72 months
six years I think that's right 72 months
of our lives are on the wwws
and you can click on those numbers to go
see them we love you guys thanks for
watching and thumbs it up and leaving
nice positive comments oh if you guys
want to get at Rick's and hat or shirt I
think what we've heard from the server
broadcasting switchover dilemma oh it's
so frustrating how long that sites been
down it should be back up tomorrow so
those hats will be there
we'll be back online and going strong so
thanks for being patient tricks and calm
will thrive once we get to this new
server it's a good one
we're paying for it through the nose -
it's love you guys talk to you tomorrow
buh-bye
