go Bronco go go go go all the way all
the way take it in take it in yeah Brock
we had a boy good job dude he's like so
proud yeah that's right ladies and
gentlemen that's the first of many goals
I'm gonna be scoring we're now watching
the Shh
schools Emily and us because
for you like
I'm walking here happy Saturday happy
Saturday happy Saturday we're playing
soccer today rakt is was gonna be out on
that field being aggressive let's go get
the ball broccolis get those nose holes
those are a B huh all right who's ready
to score some goals are you gonna score
some goals today
I like your soccer shoes okay dude you
ready out there and hustle run fast and
drink okay we're gonna hustle run fast
and drink that's what I love to do when
I drink his house oh hey nice shirt bro
copier there he is
my little champion out there hustling on
the field and the little shoes a little
spider-man sweater all right let's go
purple team defense
here we go Brock hustle you ready when
we see the hustle dude the green team is
about to kick off the ball
here it is let's go abroad get it stop
it oh crap monkeys yep they're just
learning awesome Brock on so he can kick
it in turn it around forget it
put it around look at my little boy
hustlin hustlin oh just missed it
nice hustle buddy nice hustle get around
no other way turn it around Gavin you
need to teach your brother proper soccer
skills okay you work with him this week
okay
go Bronco go go go go all the way all
the way take it in take it in yeah brah
I had a boy good job dude he's like so
proud yeah that's right ladies and
gentlemen that's the first of many goals
I'm gonna be scoring Brock good job dude
that was awesome
proud of you champion do you know the
best part of that goal I got it on
camera that's my favorite part of that
one yeah
real good the cheering section over here
that's his future girlfriend oh is it
maybe yeah runners get a broad get it a
broad hustling Wow
get it dude turn it around get it in
there get it in there well we're still
learning the outer mountains
oh nice go go go go let's go kick it in
Oh get it in there get it in there yeah
he's a champion he doesn't give up
attaboy nice hustle dude all right
here's a little challenge for all you
professional footballers out there how
many rules did Brock break in this goal
he starts to play from out of bounds in
which he kicked it out here he uses his
hands wants to adjust the ball then he
kicks it that's a fair kick as he goes
down and tackles a kid uses his hands
again and kicks it in the goal but
that's what I met ladies and gentlemen
he did not quit that's all that mattered
all right
game cheering section Rock LD dude
hustle that's what I'm talking about
you're not what the Hustle is you
figured it out okay it is Saturday
evening and we're taking this
opportunity to go out to dinner and then
we're gonna go do a bunch of grocery
shopping what right yes they just
watched it no you ought you blue-plate
sucker this morning they watched it
literally seconds ago
look at Rock skate rock that a dress or
a cape dude that's the problem with
Clark Kent you got to tuck that Cape in
bro yeah you can't let your cape be
hanging out when you have your coat on
it looks like you have a dress dude then
Clark can't teach you nothing yes it
looks like you have a dress from behind
yes if you're smart though you know
that's a cake speaking of hot chicks
there's one
I don't think I was but it was bland why
I wanted to I want to talk about hot
chicks can I just see dude
you're beautiful thanks for wearing my
merchandise - not merchandise
I don't think about this merchandise
Exodus trixin is not landing our
merchandise at all yes wave-like in your
way of one kiss hey how do you guys like
the weekend video huh
you might be expecting more of those I
finally let Sheen the editor out of the
basement we had him tied up what he's
gonna be pretty mad what chained him up
and I didn't know he was chained up down
there I just found out yeah shame he has
an attitude guys Shane has a big
attitude problem that's why we had to
chain him up in the basement but we're
letting work once a week
mm-hmm yep absolutely
I would eat holding read and delicious
sandwiches oh you drop it your hair
caught me off guard hey hey hmm well I
got your gear create a salad no get your
hands out of your pants
hey you wanna see a picture how it's
television oh my gosh
second we'll take a bite good boy good
boy
yeah I love you guys you guys and they
like the hot good man Superman anyway
you know sometimes when you're for those
emergencies come on fast and you don't
always pay attention because you're
playing with your cars or you're jumping
over something and you ignore the P and
also you just got a go anyways thanks
for watching that's all we filmed this
weekend we kind of took it easy man I
took a big old nap on Sunday it felt
great
we just really was trying to catch up on
sleep and house cleaning and laundry and
stuff so hope you guys had a great
weekend
hope you have a good Monday think about
this I was just thinking about this as I
was editing watching little broccolis
score his very first goal and it's
interesting to think that some of you
have watched him be born like it it
almost means as much to some of you I
think as it does to me his father to see
him score his first goal because you
guys were there when we told the kids
that we were gonna have another baby
how crazy is that that you've been there
the entire time to watch little Rocky
Lee's grow up I think he's going to be a
little athlete he is hustling man see
his face he's like wanting to smile but
he's like trying to be tough at the same
time like yeah that's right I'm just
squirt but he's like really happy and he
wants to smile but he wants to seem
tough at the same time anyways it's fun
watching these kids grow up I hope you
guys enjoy it and I hope you know that
we love you and we appreciate you and we
hope to encourage you guys to have this
same type of atmosphere in your life to
find love with your family and these
people that mean so much that's what
it's about I'm getting mystical on you
again here I go families isn't it about
time I know it really is it's about
families I saw a tweet recently that
said out of all the fun things I've done
in this life being a good husband and a
good dad
make me the proudest I can't remember ol
insula I saw that too it was great okay
I love you guys we'll see you two more
roll we'll see you guys tomorrow and
then this weekend we have a really cool
video shoot that we're shooting for
trixin so next Monday I'm gonna have an
awesome 20 minute vlog with the entire
family we have this really cool event
planned where it's going to be there's
gonna be like 50 of us so stay tuned for
that Oh last note the tricks and website
has been down we had to transfer to a
different server because there was so
many of you that the site kept crashing
so we had to switch servers but it
should be up in the next 48 hours they
are telling us and we have a whole new
line coming out on like the 18th of this
month so stay tuned and thanks everybody
for your support click on a video go
check out what we're doing six years ago
today were we talking about Brock yet
not even Brock wasn't even an idea in
our minds six years ago how crazy is
that all right love you guys see you
tomorrow bye
