every Saturday we're doing a best of
changes hard when you're used to one-way
redirection can cause complete disarray
doing the expecting different results
good morning it's Easter that look like
it looks like you doesn't it who's that
that's Jesus huh Daxton you're not
supposed to find your Easter basket yeah
hidden over there and he was just went
over there and found it why not open
those don't eat that candy
he's got no you don't get one you go
chase the Easter Bunny you guys go with
that Easter Bunny and bring them back
here we have a complaint about our
baskets let me show you real quick where
I hate hitting golden egg there's a ten
dollar bill
little chick and a peanut butter
chocolate candy all right go go go go go
go he's putting it back down like I got
the candy I'll just set this right here
watch out for Zeke poop I like to hide
them in places that you can just barely
barely see the yay we're trapped later
the race Jackson is that chocolate or
poop open it up
Avia found the golden egg inside the
doghouse Oh like you find an easter egg
he has a cat food cannon an easter egg
say open this please excuse me
Macklemore what's going on who's Cody
you Aaron bro way to point fingers he
messed up he's won the ruin the dance it
was his fault all him all him -
Everybody blamed
you just asked me if I got back from my
hip hop I don't know hey little boy I
love you with your balloon baby boy it's
a beauty Yolo not bragging what do you
think uncle don't fry sauce I'm not good
let me hear some jokes you want to be
socks on your feet wearing socks on your
feet you're like these socks Lydia
somebody just discovered the world of
water balloons doesn't like the water
balloon anymore hello everyone today we
are the zoo and I'm gonna be there
conduct what is your name
Emily Emily it what is your name what's
your name I just pretend that it's one
of them why did you face so dirty yes he
likes to apply it because he wants to be
well moisturized wants his face to have
a youthful glow oh this is the
exfoliation process dad you may think
this is a comfortable rug to lay on but
really it opens up your pores
never got you know
why don't you want to talk about it are
you in one direction fan huh you are no
you're not don't lie to me name one of
their songs what do you think Brock
should we go with the estrus or the
urine tough choices thank you you're out
in the mountains and you want to smell
like deer pee one more has it all hey
what do you know what you're saying do
you alright
Plato heads
without you my friend and I'll tell you
all about it when I see you and you
create a masterpiece one time and it is
a masterpiece forever say I love you dad
that's not anything let me move your fat
head so you can see gage Casey hi gage
whoa
well dude you're maybe a Harvard I put
the pillow there I'll put something
right where my hands go there make me
slim mama
good morning I'm Zeke Yoda great I want
my eggs over easy boys
that's not a ray that scramble honey
they're not going to bed making me
listen it's bad Mia mom wanna go to bed
are you guys the bright things inside
