we're going to clean out the closet so
we can put in there you guys I'm
vlogging watching the school family and
us because
let's hope
I'm walking here ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls people of all ages allow
me to introduce you to Charlie puth
without you my friend and I'm telling
you all about it when I see you again
what's that buy my drink okay guys
you've heard the song by now if you
haven't you will I guarantee it it's the
number one song in the country Charlie
puth featuring Wiz Khalifa it's the
track at the end of fast and furious 7
the new movie hole Walker rest in peace
good flick I seen it you should see it
listen let me tell you some Charlie puth
I've known he's that he's a kid he's a
youtuber he's a youtuber you guys
Charlie puth has the number-one song in
the country tell him where they may have
heard him from some of our intros but
he's like a talented kid he's been in
the YouTube community for a long time he
remember when I was doing those kea
videos on the shaycarl channel with
Smosh and lisanova
Charlie puth was one of the contestants
in that whole series that we were doing
I just saw that he put on Instagram he's
gonna be on Ellen
next Wednesday here's what I was telling
Gavin the other day and this is so true
and this is what's cool about creativity
and creating things you only have to
create an amazing song one time and it's
an amazing song forever think about that
songs are 50 years old that you hear
today and you're like that is a great
song that has an awesome song that's so
cool that now that you have that song
Charlie I'm talking to you what's up
dude I texted Charlie yesterday and
congratulated him name-dropping dropped
it Charlie puth is my friend he texted
me yesterday
whoops-a-daisy picked it up here's the
name I just dropped number one song in
the country did I mention that you
create a masterpiece one time
and it is a masterpiece forever and this
song without you my friend anyways check
it out I'm proud of him that's the thing
about not quitting because one day
you'll have something that just trips it
that tipping point where your work and
work and work and Charlie's been working
trying to be a musician I know for the
last six years
he got actually signed to the Ellen
label a couple years ago but finally you
have that tipping point and then
everything falls and you're an overnight
success after you've been working your
butt off for years and years and years
anyways check out a song congrats
charlie we're going to CrossFit dude I'm
proud of myself Brock I've come to
CrossFit five days in a row
guess what I'm doing soccer he has a
game tomorrow are you excited you're
gonna win are you gonna hustle you know
what it means to hustle what does it
mean to hustle you better learn young
man did you run fast and hard and
aggressive you get the ball dude I am so
sore my shoulders my arms my legs I'm
proud of myself that was my goal my goal
was to come to CrossFit every day this
week I'm on pace to do it
Machamp I'm tired hey get out of there
monkey boy what you doing brown head
we got the Lutz CrossFit crawling on the
car well got the Navigator the Navigator
is ready let's go hey hey watch this
Jackson Jackson I love you no Hey look
at me look at me Hey I love you look at
me look at me hey hey hey look at daddy
look at daddy mmm-hmm I love you I love
you dad
that's nothing let me okay you ready to
go to CrossFit here we go here we go
let's do this there's Casey Brock is
saying hi gage
move your fat heads we can see gage
Casey hi gage gages birthday tomorrow
happy birthday gage I decided to take
him to his favorite place in the world
Tennessee Tennessee go say hi to Dave
Ramsey for me will be in Knoxville Oh
Knoxville Tennessee all right drive safe
bye you guys words of warning to my
constellation hoody string came out I'm
so mad tie your strings when you put
them in the wash or else they might come
out never happen to sweaters don't you
hate that
or like draw strings in your shorts it's
like oh I love the white strings that
really adds to it but seriously tie your
draw strings when you put them in the
washing machine all right we did some
rearranging in Gap nope a child we did
some rearranging in Brock and Emmys room
what do you guys think well it's still
unorganized right now but we're
organizing the books which what do you
mean which ones first
um I didn't differentiate you'll have to
pick will have Emmys clause here
you're Taylor Swift picture and this is
going to be where Brock's clothes go and
there's the mirror and this little guy
he just wants to be in the middle of it
all don't you do you want to be in the
middle of it all hey since I want to sit
in here I want somebody to push me
around the house if they always do whom
why can I do that mom yeah get in there
figure it out can you do it
get in there you are strong you can do
it you can do it good job sort of you
might be backwards you might need help
is what's going here it's really cute
watching you try to figure it out though
little toes he's looking at me okay
we're getting closer we're starting to
it doesn't look any different on camera
you are looking how cool you look dude I
love it we finally found your other shoe
which was lost when it comes down over
here so you're not stepping on your
clothes okay all right you got your own
shin guards on you got your socks on
underneath
and my pants on there untied I watched
this okay watching
I did hope I can catch with one yeah
yeah you're so good I'm not a good
weapon now
good job you guys you want a shot yes
just one
okay I'm ready ready for the backbend
yep nothing watch I'm doing good please
smooth please
it takes a lot of work to grow ready for
a backbend guys just bear with me we're
almost there
watch watch
daddy watch hey dad we're waiting for
the back bend back to calm please come
be a part of this back man hurry up put
a little bit of all right we're changing
the location of the back bend are you
ready yes okay show us the back bend
okay Danny watch it watch it watch it
whoa look dude you're making a harder by
put the pillow there throw it out a
fellow over here I'll put something
right where my hands go the right nice
slim
watch out lupus is going let's see it
back bend it necks and run bank go 1 2 3
4 5 oh you should put a pillow down
there all not just no no no you're
you're just doubting yourself
hey good Merrick happy I just want to
blink Oh doubting yourself I'm here also
don't worry your kids have got it
figured out they're good there's a lot
of chaos happening over here fellows and
bag friends and blankets ha ha ha now we
are not professionals okay all right
come on let's see this you're just
doubting yourself honey you got it
though watching okay just watch Bartram
Blake you're gonna help you at all it's
a mobile there you go yeah man you're
not going one two three go gimme you got
it
you just gotta watch where your hands
out are gonna go do seven spotting
anything yourself I might you go go go
go you got it get over huh you'll get it
yeah yeah good job you guys doctors got
it watch out is BP boy all right what
are you so excited yeah now does it be
up it's cold out here
let's go let's go meet your coach all
right let's see you buddy
dragon let's listen again yeah good kid
go get it did you learn how to dribble
it oh I was I was filming I was waiting
for you kick it back to him so I can see
him do it
good job dude so cute he took over the
pills guys let's not die you guys
teaching on a boy yeah time to go okay
I'm excited because tonight we actually
get pizza
grandma tard is doing a fundraiser for
her school so we get to call an order
pizza and she gets to deliver it to it
I'm excited and of course whatever tips
she gets goes towards our school so fun
fundraiser and we get to eat pizza -
excuse I mean that's the only reason
we're eating pizza we don't like pizza
we just want to support grandma right
she can't be good easy tonight oh you're
making a bags for dinner
oh no wait you're making it for your dog
my puppy
he likes his eggs over-easy see well
that's just I just have alma mater
whenever she growing up in the Bayou she
like mama good morning I'm Zeke the
other graduate our minds over easy money
that's not already that's frumble
so you're Ted telling me you screwed up
he'll throw it away we'll start over
don't worry sir it'll be better I
promise
Oh is there a fit happening you can
start throwing them and then with a they
stop thrower fit Oh coz they're getting
thrown ha ha I'll throw the fear I
doubted you
yes and we're not going to buy you
that's how you get rid of the fit you
just throw it around forget about it
ever handle you don't fit oh it's
starting again it's always known another
fit I better throw around some more
dude these are like wall balls oh well
both oh don't talk to me about wobble
wobble wobble wobble good boy well baby
I don't think I could do that to you
dad we'll do it next you've got to take
a break all right we're ordering pizza
tonight because my mom is doing a
fundraiser so mom's delivering the pizza
tonight I think she's coming down I just
saw her up at Casey's house so she has
our PITA yeah it's not not getting any
money from us mm-hmm all right it's
bedtime you read one book and go to bed
yes look it what do you got Brock got a
new dresser Oki wanna get to some hack
and just um I'm not gonna do soccer by
still can do soccer look what that
dismissed the knees that's where all
your clothes go now huh
and he had soccer practice today got
your underwears got your shirts me get
all your clothes hey there's your
jammies get your jammies on I know can
you keep your room clean now will you
keep your room clean you promised okay
bounce on it okay dude it's Garrity for
bed that hurt because I do CrossFit
so a knife ring yeah sea turtle marriage
yo what are you doing
scoot around on your scoot car it's time
to go to bed
Isaac yo honey they're not going to bed
make it hard man Emily do it listen one
guys listen it's bad
Mia mom wanna go to bed you guys gotta
good night
we'll see you guys tomorrow oh no we
won't
it's Friday but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome and your wife
is
Oh shame
ah
