question how long of a video can you
make with ten percent battery what are
you doing what is you have a hammer and
a what is going on with the ostrich
hammer
hey everybody will take Sunday we have
not made a video yet today yeah they're
being really crazy me and cluttered bull
sing
Gavin is ready to note to a girl and we
have all proof read it don't say who
don't read the note
hey no I was gonna write that how many
battery so it don't break it turn that
off anyways hey guys everybody what's
going on Sunday what's going on Brock
what's the matter of what Jackson's in
there what are you afraid of your cool
bronze penis scaredy-pants go to church
today went to Grandma's house had roast
beef
any what is that walk she's crazy
yeah she's so crazy a nap out of bed
let's go to bed I'm exhausted
Clegg can you go to the ostrich wha
I mean you're the face you make when you
do that cracks me up
what is this this is the toucan sam is
that play-doh hey okay so you guys
question serious question who knows what
is happening on Tuesday Oh idea H do you
want to come play your song real quick
just come please a little bit
let's okay just go play a little sing
electric guitar three real quick let's
show you guys I seriously fried today
just what I was teasing that it's she
played this song she's been um writing
this song to me but come here I'm
gonna show you come on
hey play it for us I cried she played it
for me today and I cried I'm not doing
an ostrich Walker easy wish a if you
guys wake up Daxton Jackson's asleep
that's why I return it right hey come on
come play it for him don't be shy oh
yeah Marty McFly over there about to
blast us all out with his amp all the
way up Brown you guys I figure it's
about four to five years before we have
a family band I'll be touring nationwide
a European tour will do an Australia New
Zealand tour well you know go across the
South Pacific and me will do her walks
on stage
Avia hit over here sit down stop being
embarrassed and shiny just call a rock
parted everybody update update on the
Shaytards one take sunday verse one is
there a name to this song okay everybody
quiet show some respect
okay wait wait please Surya
okay don't be shy okay quite on set let
me remember used to say that but don't
sit hey go sherry quiet show some
respect
the page background don't run away from
cuz it will come back to you it's like
some people can buy chosen that's it so
far graduation right I'm sorry okay
it's it's half progress this the music
and the words that we're so daddy yes
sir
okay Jason yep hey the damage you that
or what did she tell you how to play the
piano like to try to ride yours and piss
off of her hit yeah I'm trying to make
forever love
I now Broxson to show us how he can draw
on the piano okay we got a rain wrap
this up we got no Barry Emmy somebody's
gonna go through we just screencap all
the crazy things addict dude stuff of
bridges freakin
okay guys see you guys later stop okay
seriously I bet he doesn't stop with a
heavy one last day - you guys seriously
Election Day is this Tuesday and what
I'm saying is let's be kind let's be
loving let's be you know understanding
that other people have different
opinions and that's okay and that we can
discuss our differing opinions with
happiness let's help the world by being
kind to one another that will do
everybody a big favor because there's a
lot of anger and hard heartedness
happening right now you may have even
went home for Sunday dinner and gotten a
little tiff with your mom and dad today
about the election who knows but yeah
it's happening all over the place but
Tuesday is election day don't forget to
vote no matter what that is you're right
that is your privilege to vote and be
obnoxious you know but don't be
obnoxious while you're voting yeah yeah
just vote and be kind and loving lobby
hey look what does it say love can be
chosen or it can be broken love is in my
soul every day that I roam this globe
love has light through the pitch-black
night don't run away from love because
it will come right back to you it's like
a glove and some people think that's not
true love can be chosen or it can be
broken
because we're all talented we love proud
of all of you guys tomorrow we'll take
Sunday any give this and skin the
sedatives and duct tape oh okay God you
wanna show us show us yeah bhana
nice Emmy plays a song Zeke's a doll go
big brown dog
Zeke's a big big brown dog we were going
I love you guys you worm
