are you a One Direction fan huh you are
no you're not don't lie to me
name one of their songs sing one One
Direction song oh okay let's hear it
don't cry
I don't need your crying uh Dave Ramsey
just retweeted me yeah buddy read dance
me congratulations guys look look look
you guys look was a real tear shove jump
now that deer Lane's wife was just
saying Krista Krista's out your name
Tana hope it's Krista um she was just
saying the she used to when she was
listening to these Dave Ramsey debt-free
screams after people yell were debt-free
he plays the scene from Braveheart where
Mel Gibson is dying in heals freed up
and it's just like ah you do you feel
free the debtor is slave to the lender
you release that burden that bondage
those shackles that are around your
ankle you break free from it and you can
fly and you have room to be creative and
do things and you don't get as much mail
oh when we got out of debt that was the
one thing I notice I'm like where's all
the mail we don't get any mail anymore
where's all those bills that used to
show up that's a good feeling you still
have bills but well you you don't have
all those other different yeah it's like
oh that's the power bill we use that
anyways congratulations to our buddies
the funny rats their daily vloggers they
just got out of debt and they drove to
Financial Peace University in the lobby
right there at Dave Ramsey studios and
they did their debt-free scream very
proud of them that's so cool I said this
before it's hard
that's it takes so much
time and commitment and we would not be
where we are at today if we didn't get
out of that no we would do stop
still struggling boys hey guess what
guys you want to know something cool I
can't we gotta go broadcast to go feed
thousand si these guys will never know
what it feels like to be in death I will
make sure of that right Brock Brock you
never have a credit card right Brock
quit holding your pain and raise your
right arm to the square put your right
arm up say aye Brock Butler and I'll
never have a credit card I'll just spend
the money that I have and I'll spend a
lot of my dad's money too yeah you laugh
Butthead all right if you're my age
which you're not cuz you're young and
I'm old and fat and ugly anyways do you
ever remember coming to like the mall
and flipping through poster things I
feel like that's like a an era buff guy
gone past I was just thinking to myself
what do you have to do to get inside of
one of these poster things and I thought
check it out buddy of mine John Green
did it the book you wrote not cool to
get into our Co well hello Kate how's it
goin why don't you want to talk about it
yeah midnight memories I used to stay up
till midnight wishing you guys would
stay together forever you did it
are you a One Direction fan huh you are
no you're not don't lie to me she named
one of their songs sing one One
Direction song hey okay let's hear it
b c g h i j k l m n o you're leaving the
band yes the alphabet by one direction
u v w at my favorite jam do now I know
my ABC's next time won't you sing with
me
nice dude give your ride as awesome very
studious young man you catching up on
your eatin bro huh you want to get all
that lounge
look at that lounger put that in your
office for all your late night studying
you're doing yeah and kick your feet up
get some research done you look anthem
what are you reading there huh book
about Columbus so the important question
you have to ask yourself when you're
shopping in Idaho is do you want doe
estrus whitetail doe estrus at that or
do you want whitetail buck urine what do
you think Brock should we go with the
estrus or the urine tough choices
you go with the urine all right buck P
for the win give me five from one deer
to one bottle
you know when you're an Idaho and you
need some meat and you want to smell
like a deer you might just need some
buck urine you're out in the mountains
and you want to smell like deer pee one
more has it all right it's time for
soccer practice and it is frigid out
here it's so cold there's no sun shining
is overcast and is freezing and I'm cold
it's not cool but she doesn't feel the
cold he doesn't feel the cold
hey you don't either are you having fun
this little guy is loving the playground
I hope they're practicing soccer and she
doesn't feel the cold either
I'm loving it play down - yeah oh I
don't like this one so like a little
bend right there but I feel like they're
gonna topple over all right are you
trying to do something crazy like your
daddy's that can I do it backwards can I
do it with my arms up in my legs
oh love together
where's the bag beautiful yeah yeah put
on this live
- hi
hey what do you guys want we want you to
spill a little bee but you don't even
know what you're saying
do you say what do you what do you say
Oh what are you teaching him all right
we gotta find some YouTube videos that
show play-doh that's what I'm like it's
a favorite thing so X Play Doh videos
all right
play-doh heads get behind me and stick
your own top like this oh sorry did I
push you over crazy kids okay so these
guys just got out of a CrossFit you have
to show me what you were trying to tell
me okay so show me how to hand clean the
ball look try to do it without all right
here short out right here can you pick
it up
that's right how many of us how many of
the NGOs and then after we got the ball
ran around the whole building with it
nice what else did you do
and then we did for warmups we did last
uh a lot of stuff let's go baby good did
you like it gage I mean good for you is
all right it's fun it's fun to feel the
way you feel afterwards when your body
feels strong and you feel like you could
conquer the world and then it's right
don't you feel that way sure and then
you're sore and then you can't conquer
anyone
gila legs jello legs so I lost boys
guess where I found him in the toy aisle
just kidding they asked if they could
come over here they'd never go running
off they've learned you mad bro
hmm what do you mad at no matter I must
make me mad
who me when I'm angry
so what are you looking for he's on the
hunt he doesn't have time to talk to the
camera sorry guys he's looking for tech
decks he's on a little obsessed a little
obsessing yes they might not have tech
decks here but they do have a plethora
of yard gnomes if you ever need a yard
you know you could come here and look at
this it's like the Seven Dwarfs gnomes
sister Sookie welcome
I'm a yard gnome oh my gosh look at this
one Rasta oh if you add yard gnomes
that's okay but it's kind of weird I
know I'm gonna have a yard gnome just
kidding I'm buying one right now come on
it's time for quinoa and steak doesn't
look like steak does it yeah it's take
you and video uploading and salad okay
so good this is a very good dinner
thank you cheese and rice for the bay
because that's what he likes she's
arrived they like tea tonight huh
he's so cute and cucumbers advantage
yeah eating good food love you could you
go to go to go to go to go to go to go
to go to go to kodokor your feet
ticklish dude my dad's feet are so
ticklish if I ever really want to make
my dad mad and we're just like hanging
out at my parents house I'll try to hold
him down and tickle his feet and he gets
so mad it's hilarious
I'll show you sometime anyways thanks
for tickling our feet and if you want to
watch yesterday's vlog click there dude
I just remember I forgot to put the
annotations on yesterday's end slate
I am a slacker McFly
you're watching slacker always a slacker
alright we love you guys thanks for
watching that video if you want to see
what we've been doing every single day
for the last six years click on those
cute little facial annotations and I
promise I will do the annotations today
also thanks to everybody for being
patient tricks and calm is down because
so many of you guys have been getting on
there the site keeps crashing so we have
to update to a giant mega server we've
outgrown all the server space that a
certain provider that you know well can
provide for us I'm not going to draw I'm
not going to throw them under the bus
but you guys have been crashing the
website so we have to switch to like
this giant server now to handle all
y'all love you guys thank you so much
for the support and we will sir at
tomorrow
