oh look Daxton do you want that one yeah
a hard shirt together know what you say
oh I just got done with CrossFit I've
got to get some water and Gatorade
hey sit down shut down hey I like that
song you're singing that's a good tune
get some groceries
hello everyone today we are pursuing I'm
gonna be their conduct okay hello are
you a wonderful mother of these two
amazing children yeah what is your name
Emily Emily what is your name Jake it's
just so much your name I just pretend
that yeah he had died yes I know he okay
hi God dad you are gonna be tour of the
zoo which animal would you like to see
first whatever you want so should I go
around oh then that we kind of sang oh
okay let's go see do get back to the zoo
we saved him if you have two hours left
can we see the deer funnies we do have
you only have one two white Purim
but before that she Jacob right let's
take a peep wanted to see the Bears so
let's go see the babies oh that's so
much
there's the mama bear of all her baby
bears big one I just want the dom pshh
they are two twins but there are in
different shirt clips and there's we
need to poo right but that one that
one's a little less fun of the whole
entire family why actually this is your
first I don't need our second those ones
cuz it's yours okay would you like to
see the bunnies not let's go see the
bunnies okay the bunnies it's in oh
don't touch it it's got disease so it's
a silver bucket because favorite colors
to learn that's the only thing I will go
in see furniture wraps we do have traps
she like to see those minute if you
scratch under his ears he kind of likes
on his ears under
yeah he liked that see he's smiling
right okay now you want see the dress
yeah oh yeah oh well see this giraffe
loves don't touch it likes to go on the
skating no one likes to skate but he
just doesn't like to run motors or
people around so he only does it when
everybody's gone so another one could
see you skills okay who do you wanna see
next Tiger okay go sit tight okay is
enough time watch up okay so this isn't
a bin because it's mother it's it oh
it's mother was taken away because she
had to take a bath so right now you
can't see his mother as she I sit at
this noise
what is his noise okay asinine you're
checked out of the still pigs we do not
tap D of elephant yes we do I hope I'm
Jefferson okay let's go see the
elephants oh my goodness
it's one of those evenings oh oh oh it's
cold
there was three to four inches of snow
here yesterday
it's like all melted it's still freezing
and there was a few snowflakes just blow
and pass my face my hands are ice cold
sunshine in the Golden Hour is something
to appreciate ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls this is the meaning of life Oh
way up high shaycarl here I'm gonna get
mystical Anya what's up these are the
moments right here gotta pause these are
the moment you have to just stop and be
like I appreciate this moment right now
beautiful beast of an animal this little
tiny motorcycle that enables me to get
my chubby bum all over these hillsides
this is what it's all about anyways
alright sing to me RiRi we're going for
a ride
society without a dinner chili or tacos
or maybe chili tacos let's go down and
see come on door opens that we have
right here it's name is Dumbo from the
roof it can fly just doesn't like she
only does like he likes 500 rap doing
its tactics girls or skateboard skills
does Mike no he doesn't he likes one
stomach against okay who do you want to
see next
oh well there's two more balls to the
wall well okay this is the wall and she
is humorless
no he doesn't he doesn't like to be
touched gentle he escapes from a bandit
of bears
I guess bears and he survived and we
sure and we survived and so we took him
here moving on who you are see next ah
there let's tell the elf okay so here is
the monkey
oh that's particular I guess everywhere
but he has a lot of bugs so sometimes
you had to pick them off that you see is
under the monkey you have the gorilla a
gorilla
the boy no he doesn't like to be touched
so did you guys like your oh no you
chicken oh there's no chicken you like
your toy yeah yeah coming inside hope
you guys like to tour leave in the
comments if you did oh I got that runny
nose just came in from the cold my hands
are numb
ice cold brisk I'm awake kind of feeling
and it looks like I get an option of
tacos and rice and beans and chips and
it looks like it's kind of like make
your own figure it out night hi that
beautiful yeah why is your face so dirty
yeah you had dirty face yeah you guys
I'm such a horrible father you know when
you go and you go on a big run in the
mountains in the muddy cold dirt and
then your giant Great Dane gets mud all
over his feet and you have your 11 year
old son clean them off no thanks buddy
like I always say showers how mean is
that I come back from a run with Zika
McGavin will you go clean six feet off
sure what a good kid he is halo all
right Daxton is now going to apply some
lotion
all right Dax it's time for the nightly
baby lotion isn't enough
he likes to apply it because he wants to
be well moisturized
nobody likes a dry baby he wants his
face to have a youthful glow let's make
sure all of his words are well
exfoliated he's very responsible oh this
is the exfoliation process dad you may
think this is a comfortable rug to lay
on but really it opens up your pores
it's a very responsible skin
sure keeps it well polish get all notion
that more let them get a lot more
alright it's bedtime we're gonna say the
family prayers and go to sleep put your
lotion on your face alright how's your
name abo good day you have a good day
gal Gavin had soccer practice today
Brock has soccer practice on Thursday
cool dude you hugging the bunny that
runny
he loves his bunny that's his bunny
very much oh bugger bunny you crap
you're smashing there's the bunny bunny
bunny I think he has I think he loves me
I think he loves it more maybe you like
your bunny back oh the love contest who
loves the bunny more okay here's what
we'll do Brock listen we'll tear the
bunny in part and give you half of the
bunny and give DAX and half the bunny
what do you think guess what
that means it's your bunny you passed
the test okay Emmy you gruesome Daxton
he is the true owner cuz he didn't know
him good enough okay hey Brock okay yeah
you're that you were you won the parable
but guess that we have a crying brat on
our hands I have to give him what he
wants no you can't have it you have the
tech debt where's yours yours was an
orange one I remember editing the video
today you had an orange one not a green
one was it was his green or orange Brock
we know sources go guys Thank You Brock
is such a good boy and now Dax is eating
the tech deck you know what you're like
80% of all of our troubles
Jackson it wasn't for you we'd all be
having a great time Zook you'll is that
true babe
am I making stuff up over here you tired
Colette is sleepyhead
all right we're going to bed it's
bedtime lie down lie down your precious
little head oh that's so fresh it's okay
let's say prayers and go to sleep it's
bedtime he adorable
do you love your little brother yeah I
think you do I think you love your
little brother look at him
that's a snuggly physician I can't wait
to go to bed tonight
you know those nights we're like I can't
wait it's all it's it's not even 9:00
p.m. we're all getting ready to go to
bed it's gonna be sweet give her a hug
oh you give you big squeezes oh look
Daxton do you want that one yeah a hard
shirt together no what do you think dude
you're so right because I was just
thinking that right as they both with
their heads on the barrels like that's
Frye the thumbnail you are smart lazier
Thank You Zeke well he couldn't handle
the awesomeness that is the social media
princess tard over there the queen of
knowing anyways all right come on come
here I guess she knows what's cute most
people like the cute stuff either I
propose oh god is love all right
this body slamming the teddy bears Oh
careful lamb body slamming Glen body
slamming
Daqing wants them what taxon bodyslam
yeah here look who plays with the
Snowman yes you can give that to Daxton
what do you want let's give him a choice
let them pick hold bullpup pull both of
them up and let's see what he chooses k
jackson which one which one and that's
how sometimes it can take anywhere from
30 minutes to an hour and a half to put
all five children to bed sometimes some
tangents get going on and you never know
we're wrestling in the living room we're
doing body slams with giant teddy bears
in the living room till midnight thanks
for watching our vlogs guys we
appreciate it be sure to check out
yesterday's video the brand new tricks
and hats our life of you guys we're
working on a really cool video for the
tricks and YouTube channel with the new
hats that just went live on the website
I can't wait for you to see it I already
want to have made it and uploaded it and
have seen your comments on it but it's
gonna take a little while anyways check
out yesterday's vlog your little sneak
peek of those hats or check out the link
right below click on that fin and lucky
button and if you want to see what the
Shaytards was doing every single day for
the last 6 years you can click on those
1 2 3 4 5 & 6 cute canine smiling faces
with of you guys we appreciate all your
support and we'll see you tomorrow bye
bye
