oh my goodness look at this I'm not sure
what's going on but it looked like they
were kissing a second ago I missed it -
it's so pretty out there hits the snow
yeah I'm looking at you looking at you
look like a deer out there in the snow
put some antlers on you hmm you are not
watching the shaitaan just sit back
relax follow along to the thing Shay
says to the things he just wears cool
family and just because it's our PDF
ready for a video so let us become hey
he's bragging
this day on on shoulder presses
thankfully on across food this is the
day after six pounds of Easter ham work
out right
motivation focus engineering kindness
spirituality deviance shape oh she's hot
 oh here
showing off the babes oh you switch that
bar that bar ladies and gentlemen can
you do it oh he did the grab he did the
switch grab we're at Cross Fit getting
it it's my turn to do some less here we
go all right just finished the workout
my goodness that was healed guys were
sweaty guys were sweating we did sweat
angels on the ground and weirdo yeah
u-haul lay down on the ground after you
can see dejan filling that one yes sir
she just asked me if I got that from my
hip hop-eration yo dinner I don't know I
don't want to try to do come on here
John's dead I just walked in I'm like
you look really cool you look like you
just got like back from a hip hop dance
competition did you win first place at
the new hip hop dance competition
it's those pants those new pants they
have like the ankle that are oh it's
called sweat pants and I'm cold
let's see you dance look it's your best
hip hop come on see walk for us nothing
here comes a little seawalker now hey
little boy I love you with your bottle
oon baby boy it's a cute cute cute how
precious dude careful he popped for
those last night it scared the crap out
of me too was in the suburban and all
sudden goes bad like wow getting shot at
I thought mommy turned the rival gang
was coming to get murdered her yo what's
going on dude get bounced how's your day
so far good excellent
yo other little person how's your day
been so far short sounds about right
do you love your little brother well of
course you do
cutie I just got a shower just got the
vlog uploaded we have a big tricks and
meeting going on
Voki bear loci bear getting some lunch
with all squeaks can I show them
you want some of you would sneak peek
sneak peek sneak speaks T dude I like
those and their flex that you guys are
not the snapbacks
they're not the flat bill they're like
the baseball style flex fit curved brim
I'm so pong you're gonna be the vibe you
new tricks and stuff coming out dude
those hats I love those be cool yellow
hey guys so we are doing some shopping
right now with this handsome young
strapping man oh look at this he's gonna
be so much taller than me like I bet you
in six months are we calling it right
now six months is their totality don't
get taller than me just kidding you have
to be taller and me cuz out it's just
the natural way of life okay we're
getting soccer shoes soccer cleats to be
specifically exact and soccer stuck
because you're gonna play CEQA to morrow
his first practice I'm gonna be awesome
I know bragging I'm just like my skills
teams oh hey it's good to be confident
in some things right but if you get your
butt kicked
I guess you don't have to be humble
right it's good to have a balance of
confidence and humility right just a
little bit you can't be overly confident
but if you're too humble then you'll get
walked on so you got to have a good
balance all right let's see it you go
all the way across there is it tough
jump where you go okay go go the next
one can you go to the next one hey let
me try
see if I can do it ready we'll start
from here and go over there ready here
we go last stop I was very tough you
want right now yes okay start up here
it's easier I think you start right here
then you can go down now go you monkey
you're a monkey's uncle
good job work at work at work at ladies
are we working it on a cow are you
muscles burning yet sure no muscles
burning no hurt very bad really favor
favor it's good for you keep working it
ladies work at work at work yes there's
a Christmas don't let go though what do
you think I got that on camera pangs
talker shoes this hard when you have
wide feet Shay and Gavin have the same
problem they both have white thread
they're not you it oh they look big they
look big as they're brightly so like
another beautiful
they're beautiful everybody has
different feet
Oh how's that french fry I'm opening
this for Dex I bet you are
I bet you are guys some grub out we are
grilled chicken houses here forgiveness
hey want a french fry got french fry dip
in the fry sauce dipping a fry sauce oh
yeah you know you got to have those
condiments yeah that's a good dope fry
sauce are not good gum gum gum all right
we're eating lunch with the boys Colette
is with Gavin and avian Emmy picking out
soccer shoes I think for Galvin oh he's
such a nice brother thank you yes sir
that's your spray see thanks Brock hey
hey Thank You Brock I like my bunny hey
that's a cute bunny that's what you guys
got with your kids meal hello happy
Easter I only have one eye it's very sad
I don't want to talk about it is what I
looks like it all right looks like we're
going with the first fairy tried on
that's how I like it
and we got two Shack always gotta have
some socks if you have some shucks you
want to be socks on your feet wearing
socks on your feet you're like these
socks Lydia doc look at these tiny
little shin guards for Brock she has
cute little shins
I can't wait to see you marry me this
shins will be so cute I mean that's what
we're going for in soccer right cute
chins
let's see it Wow
Tyler sweat tribe Tyler's do that
painted that what do you say Thank You
Tyler that's cool any that's the earth
did you opening it that's cool baby
happen to you
Logan wants that could you think Logan
can happen
all right soccer man got some please
some sub hot balls woo them a hat
look at those dude you got some uh turbo
Lisa Papa's now that's tree shoes
football suppose you run faster nose
yeah because we know what your face
looks like not money
mm-hmm somebody just discovered the
world of water balloon it's great you
laugh if you like it it's good
Oh what is it sad this is sad balloon
squish it
this one's really thick and probably
won't pop you can play what you're
scared of it now oh he wants a regular
balloon not a water balloon you don't
want it squish it squish it I just like
the water balloon any more we are at a
very big tricks and meeting with the
tricks and crew and we're picking out
we're voting on the Easter eggs the
tricks and egg contests that was a good
one we're voting on all of the egg
submissions because we're giving away a
free shirt three free shirts to our
favorite anyways say hi
well looks like we've got a cousin salon
going on in here are you fixing eyelas
hair yeah
I do put water or gel in it jelly or in
it different
ie how time goes as far as Haiti I hope
you want to join or ever gonna play oh
yeah with that gel in her hair did you
did you put that yellow under here ok
good what gel did you put in her hair
ok good oh just had to make sure it's
not hand sanitizing gel because that's a
little different it's okay oh I did good
little but a good that our daddy
setting the table on the tech deck park
what's your problem
huh what's your problem now go upstairs
don't eat some wings wings yeah this
week of weeks here's the whole tricks
and crew say hi to everybody
there's Zeek wishing grandpa would give
him some wings
there's mr. mustache talking to myth
blond face there's more blond why does
he have such good here I told him I
swear all my hair is I don't have any
it's so much fun having the whole trixin
crew come up to the house it definitely
feels like family well I mean most of
them are family I got my sister Carly
and my brothers Casey and Logan and my
mom and dad were there last night and
then my best friend from high school and
his wife and then Logan's friends it's
definitely fun have you ever had like a
project that you know you worked on in
school and it just was a good group
everybody got along and pulled their
weight and I'm excited about tricks and
man karlie has been working with a dress
designer so you guys don't worry there's
gonna be some custom proprietary tricks
and dresses coming out I just use keep
you guys as eye open anyways we love you
guys thanks for watching our videos and
being a part of their lives check out
yesterday's vlog if you missed the 21
minute Shaytards Easter extravaganza
yeah hey those up gotta ask Collette
where she got those pictures um we
didn't have them like you know custom
painted for our kids I think she just
randomly found those ones that kind of
like looked like our kids so it was a
good find
and then um she also randomly just had
those frames and then she put them
together she's like look these will make
great Easter presents I'm like the best
wife and mother ever give me a kiss and
that's what happened okay then if you
guys want to see what we're doing 1 2 3
4 5 & 6 years ago that's right if you're
new we've been doing this daily vlog
thing for 6 years you go back and see
we're doing
but one two three four five six you get
it okay love you guys see you tomorrow
not that
