you found out Easter basket you don't
get one you go chase the Easter Bunny
you guys go with that Easter Bunny and
bring them back here we have a complaint
about our baskets all right you're not
washing the shaitaan slug just sit back
we must follow along to the fish a sense
of the things he does first school
family and just because it's our PDF NP
ready for a video so let us be clear hey
he's bragging
all right good morning
it's Easter hello guys
okay is ready he's ready look at your
Easter presents all right to begin you
guys there's a picture for everybody so
we're going to start with Brock have you
guys did at Brock okay come look at your
picture this is for you
all right look at that little boy does
that look like draw it looks like you
doesn't it who's that that's Jesus huh I
want to hang that in your room okay and
you can always remember him is that cool
look at that Jesus is your friend he
loves you all right Rufus Magoo ffice my
little Emmy Lou hey you're not in the
thing I think wouldn't get a picture for
you yet I think that'll click you that's
like you huh all right
so that's for you to hang in your room
right a via young lady we have this
beautiful portrait for you don't go oh
happy Easter my boy I'm a big strapping
young man that one is for you
hang in your room okay all right we're
having it
what hey what did you find looks like he
went searching all right Daxton you're
not supposed to find your Easter basket
yet there's desk
look it's hidden over there and he was
just went over there and found it you
want to open those you don't eat that
candy yeah give it to your mommy your
mommy will open it for you boy he's got
zombies you go get your basket what go
get his basket for him okay you guys
ready to go look for your baskets
all right we've been just sitting here
talking we had a little discussion about
our Savior Jesus Christ and how we
believe that we will all live again
because of him and we're very happy
about that we believe in Jesus and we
believe that he is a good
example to live our lives after he had
good attributes Jesus was like the best
guy there is and we want to be like him
we want to be loving and kind and
charitable and honest we want to have
the attributes that our Savior had the
person that we believe we will live
again because of Jesus Christ want to be
like him on this earth we want to act
like him and love like him and have
charity like he did and so that's that's
our goal today on Easter alright now for
the second goal to eat three pounds of
chocolate who's ready ready let's go
find those Easter baskets okay so on
each of your picture if you look there's
a little note this one is for broccolis
it says Jesus was resurrected so that we
will be - he is your brother he loves
you happy Easter all right Rach you
ready your basket is that on a hidden in
a place where we hang coats hmm where do
we hang coats in the barn and mom's
closet
oh all right Ron not for everybody bring
your picture you bring your picture with
you because it has the hint yeah bring
the paper on the hint let's see here hmm
nope huh well it's in the other one I
wonder what's in that one hmm nope where
else do we hang coats in the claw in the
house rah rah but there's a different
coat closet apparent come on down there
we're not over there what is that is a
Easter basket what do you think but
whatever little kid needs on Easter
morning a fart making machine
all right so em here turn a hidden
behind a place of lounging and watching
hmm where do we lounge and watch I gotta
say that's probably two of my favorite
things to do is lounge and watch looking
for lounging and watching and Easter
room oh there it is you found out Easter
basket
you don't get one you go chase the
Easter Bunny you guys go get that Easter
Bunny and bring them back here we have a
complaint about our baskets mama little
kid now is little baby that's adorable
all right Flavian my Navia catch Avia
here we go where's yours your basket is
hidden in a place that is usually
covered with clothes usually that's like
ah the floor in my closet that's that's
where go into the laundry room
no wonder the lounge room go into the
loans you go into the laundry go into
the lawn happy Easter love you love you
yeah man where's your that song hid in
your place of eating fun mmm
look anyone that was the fidelity better
set is the candy covered
maybe he means family eating fine family
where could he be
oh you may be a sees it don't blame her
by the way don't Emmie don't you do ah
Happy Easter
we love you guys happy sure remember
Easter is not about chocolate and Easter
bunnies and all that bullcrap all right
Shane Casey you've been hiding him Shay
who's having fun you having fun okay
guys according to local tradition here's
what we do
this is a fun Easter egg hunt for the
kids duh
big dumb heads who this is perfect look
at that I love them oh yeah yeah a
little hole for you all right all right
there that's good spot where are you
guys gonna hide the golden oh yeah I'm
already eating candy ooh what's that
touch it oh you're crying your yard of
putting holes everywhere
perfect all right all right oh right oh
right oh right here we go we have hidden
the eggs which took longer than expected
oh yeah that's a good spot gaily putting
here into this event oh let me show you
real quick where I hate him beg golden
egg
you guys go tell him to come out here
hurry before they get to see me okay
I'll show you when whoever finds it
finds it but basically I found a tennis
ball that was like half torn open so I
shoved the golden egg inside the tennis
ball putting inside that old doghouse
yeah a $10 bill and a little check and a
peanut butter chocolate candy that
sounds yummy
all right
slow down slow down wait for everybody
guys ready everybody ready all right you
ready to you'll find some Easter eggs
all right let's go do it
older kids listen if you guys find a
bunch of eggs in one area just grab a
couple and leave some for your younger
siblings have a little mercy
that's what Jesus did on Easter he had
mercy let's see if we can down all right
everybody back up back up listen up I'm
gonna tell you where the eggs are kay
the eggs are everywhere from here down
there and on the side yard they're
inside the fence
okay Daxton brach engage and Emmy can go
nope you guys have to wait five seconds
yep
no I'm counting the five seconds what's
up how do you start when you count to
five what's the first step is it one one
one that's first
oh dude they're getting all the eggs
alright go go go go go go go go go go go
who can find the most eggs please put it
back down like I got the candy I'll just
set this right here alright everybody
we're finding the eggs Gavin get me
searching use your eyeballs use your
eyeballs
here's Grandma and Grandpa up here on
watch out for Zeke poop hey just
hustling yeah that's not the golden
there that is a golden egg but there's a
bigger golden egg yeah there's little
golden eggs but there's only one big
golden egg find one look in hidden spots
oh she got one you got a dump out the
rain gutters you never know searching
and all the cracks and crevices don't
take all those suckers
that's a good one Oh down I like to hide
them in places that you can just barely
barely see the a bird's-eye view of the
Easter egg hunt ladies what do you think
nice there's a nice Easter huh grandma
all right let's see who's got lupus
Brock you find it some eggs you find
some good ones hey Brock look look in
the doghouse
y'all hapless lady I can ride Zeke home
right yes grandpa
Oh found and finds them under the trap
later to race oh that was it that was a
nice hustle Jackson is that chocolate or
poop is it chocolate or poop the poop
chocolate backed in I love you mmm I
love you Oh a collision almost on the
Easter Egg finding course the golden egg
still exists out there somewhere who's
gonna find it who's gonna find the
golden egg they gotta be there lurking
lurking real hard for the golden egg I
put that one underneath the chicken wire
so it's hard to get you yeah you're
gonna find the golden egg that's not it
that's not it you'll know when you find
it oh oh
open it up hold it up baby
Avia found the golden egg inside the
doghouse told the cat food yeah like
hold it up Dax oh oh oh like you find
any three he has a cat food cannon an
easter egg he's doing pretty good for
himself
rocky finding eggs doing a good job
you're running fast loop us out they're
not giving up she believes there's more
eggs to find that's the fun thing about
Easter egg hunting because in months
from now I'm sure we'll find some more
eggs so do you guys do Easter egg hunts
what do you put in your Easter eggs I
like like the chewy sugary like sweet
candy I'm not so much of a chocolate fan
keep looking guys I think I can see a
few more that haven't been found yet
look all around underneath the deck
there just might be a couple more
waiting to be founded there might be
some over here okay now I hit that one I
think there's some more you might have
to dig holes you might have to go the
entire lawn to find you never know yeah
cool what's inside was inside - - candy
hey the candy ass candy say open this
please yeah I hope you pick up your egg
you can't litter pick it up all right
here bud there you go Big Bite big
booger bite Oh chocolate that good yes
it is
booger chocolate it's delicious let me
set gold-
all right open it let's see got the
golden egg very proud of you ten bucks
little chick Wacka candy huh why'd you
think to look into the doghouse um
cuz Emmy we always hang out there and I
thought it was just under like that
little you know um bark art piece
cardboard bit then I saw the tennis ball
likes awesome shimmery in it so yeah I
did that on purpose I made it so you can
see just a tiny little gold like Charlie
Bucket when he was open as a Wonka bar
you know huh all right are we done I
think that might be everything
Oh keep looking all right so it's Sunday
afternoon we're getting ready to go to
my mom and dad's house for Easter dinner
Gavin's up and load up the car and
looking handsome oh there's a beautiful
woman you vacuum in the floor Oh
Rosi Rosi all right headed to Sunday
dinner there goes Casey hmm that's what
I was smelling dude it smells like
homemade rolls in the house right now I
want to get in one a damn alright we
ready
you got your whoopee cushion good I
can't wait to see how you utilize that
toy today dude hey excuse me Macklemore
what's going on who's Cody you Aaron bro
taht that's Tommy's coat Arabia's coat
maybe I said it was hers and now Malcolm
Matt Mindy Macklemore give me a spin do
you like that coat
turn around you like your style nice all
right
Easter dinner here we go I want to carry
the rolls and the baby and the baby
rolls every roads
boo-boo rolls gonna carry the rolls
while I carry you baby and we can call
it the baby rolls capturing images of
our posterity that's a weird thing we do
for that oh because it changes every
tiny thing as a species we just like
let's remember whatever little humans
that we made look like right now this
point in time and then we can remember
when we were little humans like this and
then when you're a big human like me
you'd be like whoa I remember being that
little human at that table on that
tablecloth that we were at the kids
table and now I'm a big human it's like
yeah those were good times
hey blondie what's up uh-oh oh we got a
walking baby go help your cousin learn
how to walk
whoa good job
desk that's the most I've ever seen
Winston walk there he goes
Oh full turn around he's like I can do
that let me give it a whirl
I think he's like watching and Dax he's
like I wanna try that good job if I all
these women know you're nervous
and finally we lived in an apartment
with kids to swim and you guys was
watching them and you just do it I know
it's cause like we're like we want to do
that I think that's best with kids
because they are competitive or they
just see other kids doing nothing like I
can do that you know just jump in and do
it you did it I did it mama I did it now
I'm gonna eat this cake cause he looked
delicious woman is key to spiritual
strength my strongest challenges it's an
easy to be distracted water tribulation
is an inevitable and indispensable part
of our eternal progression I am told
there is an Easter trampoline trick or a
dance what is this a dance that we are
about to witness I hope you guys are
prepared for such amazing talented
children are you ready here we go can't
see this
what do you think boy fingers he messed
up he's won the ruin the day it was his
fault all him all him to everybody blame
him best Gators get as good jump up
there be cool if you did oh cool yeah
that it Happy Easter we say Happy New
Year Happy New Year Easter hey and that
is what the Shaytards did Easter 2015 it
was a good one so good to be with my
grandma and my grandpa and my kids being
with their great-grandma and their
great-grandpa and their grandma and
their grandpa and their moms and their
dads and their aunts and their uncles in
their cousins and that's why we moved to
Idaho feels so good to be with the
family and appreciate you guys watching
oh one thing that's so cool you guys
know who sang the intro of today's vlog
a longtime viewer shoutout to my home
skillet Charlie puth in fact I've been
friends with Charlie for a long time
probably six years almost I tweeted this
the other day but back in the day Dave
days another YouTube friend of mine who
we did the insomniac iron man challenge
shout out to its Brent who I saw this
weekend too by the way who was back in
the insomniac iron man challenge it's so
cool having all these friends for so
long anyways uh Charlie puth was
co-hosting in a day of days blog TV show
and I was like who's this kid he looks
funny and handsome and cool and I think
he was like 13 at the time I'm Tony this
is like 16 years ago and all the girls
are like he's so cute and he could sing
and anyways he you know has made us some
chez tart intros over the years and has
a great voice I think he knows Dana
Richards somehow I don't
or some crazy connections anyways I've
been buddies with Charlie for a long
time and followed him on Twitter forever
and today Charlie puth has the number
one song in the country uh with of
course Wiz Kalifa moon so cruise it's
the song that's at the very end of the
new Fast and Furious 7 movie I love it
I'm so excited about it I'm so proud of
Charlie see you again downloaded it's
Wiz Khalifa and Charlie puth I predict I
bet my beard on it it's gonna be the
song of the year they just dropped the
music video today i retweeted it so go
check out my Twitter if you want to see
the music video for Paul Walker's kind
of like farewell and they did a great
job like I know I'll watch that video at
least another 20 times this is not a
brand deal somebody tweeted me that like
trick seemed like this is a brand deal
it's a great song by a kid that I've
known for six years this dude wrote it
saying it got Wiz Khalifa on the hook I
think that's what they say in the biz I
am NOT a cool person I'm an old fat
white guy with a beard anyways thanks
for watching
shout out to my homie Charlie puth check
out the song I leave a link below not a
brand deal just a friend Sam what up
front alright that day we'll see you
tomorrow click on a video you can see
what the Shaytards were doing one two
three four five and six years ago click
on that feeling lucky button if you want
to see we're doing yesterday click on
the handsome gentleman standing on that
was rolling hills see you guys tomorrow
