hi how are you welcome to my life it's
nice to be part of your life I glad that
we have this relationship it's really
for the airport's the Sun hasn't come up
yet
we're arisen we have we have come up
over the horizon
I love being at the airport of the butt
crack of dawn you really want to see
some pissed-off annoyed people you come
to the airport at 5:00 a.m. that's where
you really get the people who hate life
when lastly
have two left
all right here we go I'm about to check
into security this is always fun trying
to explain who this guy is all right
here we go back to Idaho backside oh no
baby
I reckon I do mrs. let me explain
through words and facial expressions
exactly how I'm feeling in this current
point as we shuffle through this airport
security line I didn't sleep at night
that's right I'm going on no sleep which
makes me a little loopy and delirious I
have that like everything's funny right
now
kind of fill up yeah I feel very good I
set up all my headed in the video shoot
now I'm a little delirious cuz I didn't
sleep none take care of him don't worry
guys made it through security Hey look
this is right where we're giving away
the neck pillows it's a full circle
let's sit here until somebody gives us a
neck pillow oh hi you want a neck pillow
you're like that hi I'm Shay
nice to meet you do watch our videos I
could tell cuz you're looking at me
going yeah you do yeah Abbi Abbi not
only we know an Emmy thanks for watching
our videos at me alright so we're headed
to our gate really excited to head back
home and see the cool
oh dude that's awesome I'm so pumped
they're selling these in the mall um
dang it alright I strike that's my goal
though that's my dream I want to be able
to walk by a random store and see that I
think that would be swell yes the
merchandise not the merchandise imagine
that wait what what are you looking at
pervert keep your eyes to yourself there
is Nathan look who knew I saw him in the
bathroom and it wasn't creepy at all and
here's my digs I'm like his nathan kress
at the airport right now so I got on his
Twitter and I read his last tweet and so
then I walked up buying him and quote it
to him in his ear that's creepy there
there are a few creepier things in my
life that was that was definitely high
up on the list but I knew the voice as
soon as he heard it he did he turned
immediately need it yesterday yeah
pretty sure enough I was telling Nathan
that he has a record for the only person
to ever make a via speechless when we
met you guys remember she wouldn't even
look at him she couldn't even look I was
like which was terrible because I would
love to have had a great right well that
day will come along yes yeah these will
chat we have a redo we're gonna kidnap
him and take him to the mountains of AI
the perfect
the birds almost as creepy is what
that's definite Cinco mm-hmm anyways
good to see this guy in the airport as
his fun
we go on the air trying we still are Oh
Augustin it was unique about the
universe and in the overhead bins
the captain has the rice wine to run
in 15 minutes take off touchdown goodbye
Los Angeles
Oh bye with you later take off till
touchdown one our entertainment US
leaders whether the Salt Lake City
hearing fortified 30 degrees we're going
to get lunch we're bored thank you very
much in choosing a filter line one more
flight to see your kids one more flight
we'll see our kids yeah one more
airplane ride in the sky
I'm fine thing when you're flying into
Salt Lake is to count all the church
houses that you see I can tell as you're
flying over
I was counting the back of the number of
the back of my eyelids I could find I
found two of them one on each side so
cool to see Nathan press in the Los
Angeles Airport is no Nathan he's Freddy
from icarly and a lot of other things up
and coming successful young strapping
after high nathan is get a CEO go
through to jump on mama todd I'm gonna
get you yeah here we go
watch
birds right
I'm
feathers dried and cracked from the glue
shake
screaming OH
I
this
and in time
Servine so just
your song
grunts fly
again
I'm bound
Hey
there's trying
you Fox
we're not a ho we take it down
so minute here getting up
hey punk yeah hi Oh somebody's happy to
see his mommy hi hmm I know baby
good a blue hair and what I meant my dad
is blond hair blue eyes kiddies hmm mmm
that's a good one that's a good one
kisses I like that one so it's like 4:00
in the afternoon now and I'm exhausted I
didn't sleep at all last night because I
was editing the video and then we flew
home to Idaho and now I want to go to
sleep but first I want to show a via
this footage of nathan kress and see if
she still feels embarrassed on ask her
so I just imported the footage on my
computer and then Emmy just went to go
get a via i'ma show it to her I don't
think she would be shy anymore
but it'd be interesting to see all right
let's show hey Broc camera check this
out
did you miss me I missed you I love you
you missed me to be honest did you miss
me you did you promise all right ladies
I want to show you who me and mom met in
the airport today and I want you to tell
me if you remember this person okay it's
not Taylor Swift oh man sorry to
disappoint you okay ready okay I guess
some of the best is that Maddox I'm like
please me compress appear for I know so
I gotta read his last you yeah why do it
all just exaggeration okay good
oh man I was a plushie as soon as we
embarrass do your members and listen
what I tell him though listen what I
tell my telephone Nathan that he has a
record for the only person to ever make
ABS speechless when we met you guys
remember she wouldn't even remember why
you were you wouldn't even look at him I
remember what do you think you'd feel
that way now cuz he's here come on in
Nathan hahahaha you guys probably
wouldn't put it past me huh anyways that
was cool we saw Nathan in the airport
yeah I figured you would be a shy
anymore here brave strong lonely first I
was high was because you watched him on
TV forever and you thought he was a
radical actor and funny hilarious dude
Rock know you miss your mom or dad more
you and Mom oh you're such a good boy
alright I read everything else tonight
on what a bed now what else is on the
agenda we may do Easter eggs stay tuned
not tonight
dang it try get every piece of dog food
that he had in the scooper fell out from
the walk from the dog food bin to the
bowl he lost every piece trying to get
some more thanks for feeding the dog for
us you're a good help yeah you made a
mess kinda though
get the broom out all right here one
clean up your mess we're home what's up
jeez miss us
how was the book fair what do you want
to see you are you looking at something
Hey
you only look at one thing at once
is it focus what what but do we eat one
bands and visitors from wearing animal
print clothes well dr. husband use that
is lamb so my dad said to pick you and
his dead since what I am hey Darren
dinnertime dinner time dinner dinner
dinner time dinner dinner dinner dinner
dinner time one of my favorite recipes
chicken and flour my favorite recipe
it's a lemon caper chicken oh she likes
capers that is true she made a true
statement earlier she likes capers thank
you so if anybody else likes them
they're great if they don't you're
getting them tonight it's about how it
goes you just get what you get you don't
throw a fit
Oh
sibling rivalry let me dads are Kenny
here whoa different color carrots cool
and it's getting to be that time of the
year when it's time to make perfectly
good scrambled eggs into colored egg
shells that end up rotting in your
fridge for three months after Easter is
over right so we might be are these all
boil they're warm yeah there are hobo
hub hot boiled egg that goddamn table or
a graph then we're gonna cut it damn hot
boy egg red and we got a hat on so
pineapple right over here let me steer
you in that direction my friend come
here right here look at all those eggs
right there all of those you want to
fill them they fill worm get ready I'm
gonna give you a wedgie boost here you
go
ready can you fill up are they warm
they're warm huh see hard well them
mine is delicious so good you did a
great job Brock got some carrots over
there so good guys
it is salad chicken capers family back
together again what chicken butt
so proud of you good boy remember kids
be sure to eat all gone with your salad
and you'll be a good boy and girl thanks
for watchin I hate sides hope you liked
it it was a fun little travel montage
vlog headed back to the family style
kind of vlog click on yesterday's vlog
whoo it's Friday
oh I thought it was the 13th it's April
3rd today Easter's coming and it is the
weekend so I hope you guys have a great
weekend check out the previous vlog you
can click right there on my beautiful
wife's face or if you're feeling lucky
and you're like I mean sometimes you're
not showing lucky there's certain days
you're like you know Shay I'm gonna
level with you because I like to be
honest with people when I communicate
I'm not feeling lucky today all right I
stubbed my toe I did not win that
scratch-off ticket I don't feel like
clicking on the fill and lucky button
alright cuz I don't know where it'll
take me and I don't want to risk it I'm
just kind of kind of just follow this
baseline that I got and be happy but if
I click on the feelin lucky it's like a
risky thing and it just might not make
me in a good mood so I'm not gonna I'm
gonna avoid that at all costs click on
the 1 2 3 4 & 5 & 6 my goodness gracious
there's a C ace in there that's right
we've been making videos for 6 single
yeah so check them out love you okay I'm
gonna stop trying to be funny and
insulate thanks for watching we
appreciate it give me kiss see you later
probably Monday bye
