Colet wants to put more blonde guys what
do you think yeah what if I want to take
a survey you guys approve more blondes
hombre look clear and then when you come
out of the kitchen you bike to meet your
best like Dirty Harry you're about to
like gunbattle me in the aisles of the
Ralph's
two left
hi I'm vlogging here I think we have a
secret love affair busted what is going
on here hmm somebody's getting awfully
comfortable
hey Keith your new girlfriend
watch she to jump on oh the love there's
so much love in the room
oh it's so precious I love you you're
loving me don't seek that is not polite
to sniff a lady's butt the first time
you meet her it's that time again in our
lives
we're getting our hair did I love that
we have Kaylee because this would be an
expensive hairdo in time hmm instead
it's just a party party
Kayla's very talented you guys you
should know she's amazing it here I mean
she does you do but like she does hair
like amazing and so I wish you could see
everything that she does on YouTube oh
we need more hair vids just sayin get
more hair vid
seriously though every time I go
anywhere else there's always like hearts
on my boys heads that I'm like Kaylee
success I think she can oh she's gonna
help us fix it buddy you look handsome
just like that yes just like sunshine
you're handsome
yeah what's handsome boy what do you
think dude you can't see it yet
can we had to take a phone call so we're
just waiting what did you what did you
call yourself you're a batboy show us
your bat wings ah
so here's of you I'm a big bat good job
dude
fly fly fly five five five five like
they hat polka dot backs we love them
they're goddamn
please do
they'll be exciting it'll be more
exciting I was excited to get in here
cut this boy's hair is so thick and it
grows so fast
not only how fast his hair grow I can't
keep up he could get a haircut every
month yep and it was doing all wrong
it's true
who's this we're playing the who's this
game we're looking at pictures and
seeing if he knows who they are
who's this or hundred Forrester Mitchell
hi
weirdo weird lady with the tinfoil on
her head Kaylee your two o'clock
appointments here he's just showed up
okay yes she'll be right with you oh
she's editing her YouTube video she has
aspirations girl trying to be funny
what I do for comedy what he does for
coming ly see you on a haircut so much
blonde hair in here please
all right work that tripod in there key
grip he grabbed an key grip gage grip
Rock dr. Bali
key grip Zeke what what's the matter
get in the mud Ezekiel Montgomery burn
there's Casey and Caylee coming down the
path Casey and Caylee coming down the
path wave and wave and Casey and Caylee
is she flogging
I think she's vlogging hey I vlog in
here guys you can't walk does that add
some devil walking through them did you
lose your dog hey you brat what happened
there's definitely overcapacity on that
trampoline you guys that's not a guy
that's against the regulator's rules and
regulations oh if you're playing then
that's cool I guess dancing on my own
over here what's going on over here hey
bee yeah I think you put the drill
covers up maybe I can you get off stage
I think it's Jackson's turn darling look
at you Collette just whipping up a
delicious healthy nutritious dinner for
the whole family last minute my goodness
great Chad hi you're amazing
well we're trying to be help look sad
okay okay I know I thought yeah there's
cats in the tree I saw those legs that
Gavin go do yours Shelley see yours
Lisa listen to Gavin you're really gonna
be blown away in a minute get up there
up next Gavin ballers are doing ed
Sheeran we're doing karaoke dinner night
ladies Gavin's nest it's good I owe you
guys from a jinx
I think wheels gonna start crying with
70 hi mom you look like a good dinner
what a good wife I did maid had met how
do I do what I do
what's this hot at 2300 time man looks
delicious and nutritious yeah we're
going sledding cuz we didn't do any
sledding this winter did we get like one
snowball fight out here with Charles and
alie
hardly got any snow there we go sledding
it all once let me being with sunny one
skiing instead yeah that's a good
trade-off hey Gavin will you drag him
around the yard for about 25 minutes
thanks bro pre-shading okay 30 that's
fine just take him around a few times
you're on a ride now Daxton you got a
real Clydesdale on your hands that fun
all whoo he's always gonna come on yeah
have fun Brock you want to jump on okay
jump on there
oh let's see how strong that brother is
now Oh
use those muscles here a gavel pull them
Kapaun go careful go fast now I'm
falling run run go go go oh ho crash can
you run down to the trampoline let's see
how fast you can run down the trampoline
go go get it run fast rider Daxi boom
not fun alright get out here I'll pull
you okay alright giddy up one two three
buckaroo ready yours ready here we go
oh yeah those guns yes sweet ready that
was a giant pile of dog crap Oh Zeke oh
we lost a baby we lost a baby get on
hurry climb on climb on he's like hey
get on hold on did Brock hey put him in
your lap can you hold him in your lap
jacks and sit on Brock's lap let me help
come sit on Brock's lap let's get back a
little bit Brock hold him wrap your arm
down okay you ready
you ready
we go here we go oh are you the cat lady
now honey you're seriously all you're
catching cats you're so cute
look at Lisa I know you got cat she's
got the baby oh dang I want one of these
look at that chocolate chip peanut
butter are you yawning or going for a
bite was that a yawn bite I say we get
that I was just yawning I didn't mean
let's get that I want to get that I call
we get to get back we did good today we
did a job well done alright and just
like that we're in Los Angeles and and
we're here just like that to film a live
show for Chevy and just like that we're
done and now we're headed home tomorrow
at 5 a.m.
yeah CTFxC is for haters Charleston Bay
and Ally Wes okay so we're here in the
fruit section of a local Ralph's
convenience grocery store in Los Angeles
Calif I'm sunny Southern California the
parrot cat ate bird where it is here her
yep haricot apricot I can't remember
what they're called oh we need a phone
charger that's why we're here yeah we're
not shopping for delicious wait are we
getting with the SVR okay scenario yes
yes Gus
okay so we're looking for a phone
charger because we left ours at the
YouTube space that may have been my
fault
sorry babe that's my fault late it's
11:00 11:00 at night we have a 7:00 a.m.
flight on the Delta airline so we have
to be up at like 5 hours from now to get
on our flight at LAX to go back home to
add a whole Oh need some work or two
likes border cross yeah we should stock
up yeah gonna start the apartment up
anyways
hey thanks to you hopefully you watch
the live show today it was fun yeah it
was really fun I had a good time I get
it was a good time it was fun yeah I
don't know what do you guys think be
honest if you watch the live show how do
you think we did did I talk too much do
you think I talk too much
I was moment I'm just saying like it
wasn't more than usual that I talk too
much
was it the appropriate amount of talking
too much I don't know did you guys see
the livestream did you like it I had fun
that's what I take away from but I'm
like I guess I did good or whatever but
I just feel like it was fun hanging out
and chatting I thought we had fun
conversations anyways thanks to you for
watching the live show if you watched it
yesterday on the Chevy livestream and I
saw all of your nice comments in the
live chat we were reading those like in
between the different like segments that
they had and stuff so
oh wait honey is it the apocalypse
what's going on we okay so we need a
charger a cupcake and seven gallons of
water and then we can head back to Idaho
barking water - right of course sister
amen hallelujah you're beautiful I like
the hair right now looks good alright
quick little trip more blondie and it
can you tell guys
Colette wants to put more blonde guys
what do you think yeah what if I want to
take a survey
do you guys approve more blonde hombre
look clear okay and then when you come
out of the kitchen you bag give me your
best like Dirty Harry you're about to
like gun battle me in the aisles of the
Ralph's yeah I like it so we have just
been informed that this current Ralph's
does not have a charger you guys want to
see a homogeneous I love when you're
totally exhausted it's hilarious it's my
favorite time when you're totally
exhausted it's funny let's see how I
totally exhausted Colette would catch
this roll of toilet papers that could be
fun I don't know let's just see you want
to go with it ready totally exhausted
Colette will now attempt to catch this
roll who's ready Wow - that was
hilarious dude those flowers nicely to
the front I have a very very fond memory
oh my goodness can I share with you a
very fond memory of mine from my life
what
these okay I lived in Barbados for six
months of my life when I was a Mormon
missionary every morning me and elder
Brady barns would get up at 5:30 in the
morning to go work at the local Gold's
workout pumping iron to the local Gold's
Gym we'd ride our bikes by these plants
and just bring snacks i memorize the
honey subtle smells so good
oh my gosh how funny how much a smell
can spark a memory in your life go into
Gold's Gym it like closed up before
snuck up on you did we sneak up on you I
think you underestimate my sneakiness no
a smell how it can smart a memory of
waking up before the Sun I was always at
dark and it was like the chris earley
there's something about the early hours
right before the Sun rises the smell in
the air it's like the cleanest it gets
or something and we were on the beach in
Barbados you know riding our bikes right
before the Sun rose anyways that smell
just brought back so many memories is
that true for you you smell something to
just bring back a ton of memories
what is orange tic tacs that smell what
memory does that spark for you any
nothing anything any memory sparks from
any certain specific candy you have the
memories are sparking you have it smell
that smell for a while and things right
I that smell over there I'm like I feel
like I haven't smelled that smell since
those early mornings and Barbados smell
everywhere I know what tell them I said
the smell of weed is the smell of
California
yeah that's everywhere everywhere here
we are at a 24-hour CVS Pharmacy because
we need to get stuff think about the
cool
time that we live in in this
dispensation this generation of man
we're at all hours of the night
whether it's storm rain sunshine you can
come find all the necessities of mankind
right down to ruby red lipstick if you
need it at 4:00 in the morning anything
you want what do you need all the time
who you want - hey hey hey hey long
break it's hombre I have cared to do my
own break I don't know you know and also
it dawned on me how sad is it that
without cell phone chargers how helpless
we just both felt liquidoff cellphone
chargers our batteries are gonna die our
batteries are gonna die then we can't
set our alarms them as we can't wake up
for our flight home as we can't text we
can't check our Twitter we can check
emails can't call anybody already
chargers get in the fan we gotta find a
24-hour CD as her work on a dog that's
like how scary it was I was like we
don't have a charger there's no charge
no juice no battery life no power here's
the power here's how would you get the
juice in our phones me juice sorry again
yeah the device gets device ready the
juice in our phone so you'll communicate
communicate with everybody everybody
must know we're thinking at all times
you guys wanna taste hey get the juice I
got the juice right okay I'm done been
obscene seen okay good job anyways we
need to pick up a cell phone charger so
that we can wake up to catch our flight
back to Idaho in the morning that's what
we're doing that's what we're doing
except for that I'm not really this is
LA
hipster
you like it 11 left what we found dark
we found that buried at the bottom of
one of the Chargers team get the chat
did you scat it was only three left
come on we got Dada charges we got him
anybody wanna ChaCha
we got out of judges two purple charges
get other purple charges I mean if it be
3:45 in the morning and you want some
fresh flowers you can get them if it's
4:00 a.m. and you want a monster school
bus truck you can have it what do you
want Boise Boise rubber get Jenna
squishy rubber ducky you want a route 66
bumper sticker at 5 a.m. before the
sunrise comes up we got that for you
right here at the most convenient place
in the world and now we're gonna go Jack
get on a metal device that carries us
through the year back home to our
children so good amounts kind of scary
that's fun huh a little bit yep she eats
lot of chocolate you guys know that
about my wife she likes chocolate she
eats a lot of it your time these are so
good hurry on there let's go home and
get a glass of milk and eat that entire
bag yes
seriously this is called six gallon of
water hands laughs that's pretty
impressive I can do that here's a fun
challenge for all you kids at home tape
three gallons of water to each hand
I can't untape until you drink all six
gallons go and don't drink them all in
one day
please nope be careful you could die by
drinking too much water I've heard those
horror stories yeah crazy hey anybody
thirsty cause I got some Oh what
that's h2o we over do this is heavy :
it's okay why should I get some too or
so I just not carry anything
oh no you carry the camera okay that's
really heavy oh you guys are so heavy Oh
Oh hold on hold on I will help you I'll
help you oh I'm so strong because you
guys are so heavy all right well it's
been another great day look where we
have water in here we don't need I wish
we have less water in the house
seriously we're going to use it thanks
guys
we love you Tommy lovely my head I just
love you that's what people who love
each other do exactly see I can really
feel it right now definitely can feel
how much you love me hey we don't have
to make out my earlobe mine alright see
you guys tomorrow we're headed home in
the morning I can't wait to the babies
oh me too and now you reach the end
slate you can click on a video here to
enjoy more shade towards content viewing
experience thank you for coming today
and please don't forget to thumbs up we
really appreciate it
