hey everybody welcome to the best day
ever
here's my beautiful wife a beautiful
wife you're the best wife I've ever had
and I love you there's my baby
best day ever best day ever no kids no
not you traveling with the kids is one
thing so we're on a trip and we put
stuffing on the same way ma'am okay all
right we're headed to Los Angeles to go
help out Chevy with their new best day
ever campaign hashtag best day ever
so here's what gonna do we are gonna do
random acts of Awesome in the airport
we're gonna find people we're gonna buy
them like neck pillows and lunch and
give them foot rubs that's your tongue
here we go all right we're getting off
the airplane we're on a mission to do
random coolness hey what's the first
thing you're gonna do that's awesome
so what's our goal we're gonna talk to
somebody randomly in the airport and hey
hashtag best date ever
here's a random act of Awesome in free
lunch I think you should do it as
people will be more exactly naive
beautiful event giving
- random act awesome
figures enough been on the okay so first
Co let's very first ragging the backed
of awesome she's gonna help lease to get
through the airport hop on personal
valet service through the airport how
cool is that Lisa ha how often is this
the best day ever
or what first random act of awesome on
the best day ever
personal valet through the airport
Colette come carry me up these stairs
right now Lisa film it cut to the next
random act okay so the reason that we're
going to Los Angeles is because tomorrow
me and Colette are gonna be part of a
live show the Chevy is doing we'll leave
a link below you guys can come watch us
live tomorrow from the YouTube space la
very excited about it's all part of the
best day ever hashtag so we're headed to
Los Angeles right now to be part of a
live stream tomorrow that you guys can
watch check it out links below so you
can watch it yeah be there or be square
okay you guys my next idea is I'm gonna
buy three of these neck pillows and then
we're gonna go to where people are
coming out of security when they're
about ready to get on their flights and
offer them neck pillows for their flight
would that be
I have some random aussolas today when I
give you a brand-new necklace on your
dance move all your fights have to do in
trouble
yeah sure unless you're next very cold
hey have a great all right all right one
neck pillow down here we go
here's the neckla this is for you about
space so that you can sleep on your
flight be comfortable and be fresh when
you land
yeah this is the best day ever best day
ever eat one more - excellent
no I'm serious on the plane thanks guys
I'm good flight
all right we just landed in Los Angeles
we've been doing some random acts
awesome and now we are going to our
apartment where we're gonna upload this
video to YouTube and you guys can watch
it you're watching it right now
that's technology alright so be sure to
watch the livestream tomorrow okay I'll
put a link right here you can click on
you go watch us tomorrow why at YouTube
space in Los Angeles we made it to Los
Angeles you know I actually wanted to
kind of like delve into you know me I
got to get a little bit I want to talk
about the best day ever and about how
you know what is the best day ever is it
your birthday is the day you get married
is the day you have a kid to me what if
you could just make every day the best
day ever is that is that unreasonable to
try to hope that every day is better
than the last that you are just in this
perpetual evolution of bliss that that
doesn't happen obviously right we have
bad days bad things happen but you know
Chevy's not paying me to talk about the
existentialism of the best day ever but
I think that that's a good message and
that's why we agreed to come down here
on this little 48 hour business trip
slash date night that we're calling it
if you saw my Instagram from the
airplane thanks for following me anyways
I feel like you can just say like I want
to have a great day today maybe it's not
gonna be the best day ever but why not
have a good day why not decide at the
beginning of the day to make it a great
day and who knows maybe it could become
the best day ever and I think Chevy is
smart in the implementation of the
random acts of Awesome because truly in
order to be happy I believe this I
believe this spiritually I believe this
scientifically that if we are nice and
serve and give to other people it will
in turn make us happy a lot of this
self-centered society that we live in
where we're always trying to pull in
things for us and say I gotta succeed I
gotta get to the top of the mountain and
be the best if we stop and lend a hand
and reach down to the person that is
downtrodden er just needs a little lift
me up or something do nice things for
people for our friends that the brothers
and sisters of humanity as a species we
owe it to one another to just help out
it to be kind and nice and smile and I
really believe that in doing that it
will bring us happiness it will make it
the best day ever so that's my little
sign on all right check us out tomorrow
on the livestream love you guys Colette
went downstairs to grab a bagel phone oh
she's back my bagel baby sandwiches back
there since I'm pregnant I explain those
big skillet wait are you pregnant the
rumor ville has begun all right thanks
for hanging out with us on this little
trip to Los Angeles are you excited okay
we'll see you guys tomorrow regular vlog
long vlog 20-minute vlog tomorrow okay
bye this is what I was gonna I was gonna
say me and Claire talking there's gonna
it's gonna be a live big live stream
there's a lot of I don't know who's
gonna be there but like they have a
whole show lined up so I think there's
gonna be like a lot of probably other
famous youtubers I hate to say that
famous youtubers but like I think it's a
good pretty big lineup so I'm excited to
see what the show is so there's gonna be
a lot of people watching this but I want
you guys to have like a little I want to
think of something that we can do then
it's like we're winking to you guys
right like you guys are knowing that
we're like talking to you so I said
Colette what can we do and she says what
if we like to have to say a weird word
and I said something about monkey head
in purple beaver you know anyway so it's
like what should we say what should we
think of think of something that would
be like weird to say cuz we're gonna be
on a one hour livestream while we're
talking I think we're on a show you want
it to be totally random or do you want
it to be a word that we can just slip in
no it will make sense still but it's not
like what that's the fun of it is you
have to think of something that's like
crazy to say that you wouldn't hardly
ever use and
daily conversation but the challenge is
tomorrow during the our livestream to
find away somehow in the smoothest
transition possible to say it without a
seeming super awkward
hippopotamus hairspray okay that's great
get ready this morning and I got this
great hippopotamus hairspray I'm like oh
yeah it's it we got it in Africa okay no
no leave us a comment I tell you how
we're gonna say it no I think we should
do this won't leave a comment of what
you think we should have to say in the
live stream and at the time of the live
stream that most top-rated comment is
what the thing we'll have to say in the
lives so right before we go live I'll
tweet and I'll check it has to be
appropriate we won't say it if it's not
Yeah right I just think you know it's
like wait you're leaving it up to that
be nice everybody obviously yeah if like
4chan gets on here and gets like I'm not
gonna even suggest what may or may not
have been top voted in the comments I
know you were powerful Internet if it's
not appropriate I'm obviously not gonna
say it because we can't but if it's
funny inappropriate we'll use it okay so
check us out tomorrow on the livestream
leave us something random to say get
creative don't listen it's right it's
easy to say something crass and gross
and swear like yet you are you fit are
you five years old that's funny
it's a lot more fun to think of
something super just silly it's like
telling broth like bra jokes come on
dude no even though I do laugh when he
does the fart Jackson okay oh my god how
long is this okay we will see you guys
tomorrow leave suggestions for the live
stream check it out links right there we
love you we'll see you tomorrow
love you bye
