here's the cheering section over here
looks like this is where you get the
refreshments - are you guys eating candy
and drinking pop over here about what's
going on at the skating rink
Jackson is it Spring Break 2015 it's
time to party I think I want some of
those little small chocolate pieces with
some of this caffeinated sugar this
looks fun to play with all blues
happiness is a choice happiness is a
choice
two left
dude I walked into the room do not work
that melon do not horde that melon woman
woman smell it this looks good you can
tell it's a good one right CrossFit babe
what are you hiding from the world now
when I go to Costco and I don't want to
get recognized by anybody that I know
you know that I grew up with or anybody
like my old teacher maybe my mom might
be here your mom you never you never
know who you might see at Costco you
don't want to talk to we found a drain
we got to stay here for a minute and
explore the drain you're cute
excuse me I didn't know that we're
dressing so fashionable today is that
what we're doing
oh okay I didn't get the memo handsome
stud muffin are you as tall as your mom
yet dude what your son your 11 year old
son probably like six months you're very
close what's up sister back to back dude
six months I bet you Gavin will be
taller than you okay what am i man to
protect me there you go you know one
right there growing up - he's wondering
how to protect you from these evil
Kitces nice kid day is protecting my
motorcycle blondie ha bronzy home from
CrossFit and Costco and kitties you guys
ready to go to rollerskating yes you're
gonna win limbo tonight at roller
skating K I believe in you let's just
take a brief look right here we have
cats and dogs and animals of all shapes
and sizes oh there's so much life Daxton
we have so much life in our house
there's so much growth and animals and
poop okay
they're everywhere Christina and I are
attacking this laundry and look at this
sock pinwheel all these dumb socks that
don't have matches oh I'm actually any
matches which is great I know right
but you'd think the odds would be more
in your favor with this mini song but
they're not I've decided I just need to
buy the same socks every time I buy them
the same one so that even if they're old
socks
they still match with the new socks but
I just don't you have to find like oh
but these things are cute and these ones
are cute but once you lose one of the
matches you just have to settle for
mismatched socks because that's how it
goes so when you see my kids and mish
mismatched socks that's just the style
we're going with okay for judging what
trick thin tricks and coolness over here
what was I wearing tricks ahead are you
nervous I just felt so comfortable and
still second base all right look at this
guy he doesn't care about socks or
tricks and he's just loving his life
right now in the vlog you know like when
you hear yourself talk you know you see
your own voice sometimes when you hear
yourself talking in another person's
video when you weren't actually thinking
about it yeah it's like I should shut my
damn mouth at a time or two you know
it's we're actually eating dinner kind
of early tonight because we are headed
to
haha yeah we're gonna get some friends
there investigate we might have to eat
some candy no no no we're not eating
candy I am glad that I made dinner early
today because since the time changed I
feel like we've been eating dinners
super late my mom always had dinner
ready like by 5:30 because that's what
my dad got home from work and I think
that it's better for you if you eat
dinner earlier it'll not only help us
with like weight control but it also
helps with sleep so we're gonna try to
eat a little bit earlier I mean am I
gonna be the freakin champion of all
shooting competitions ever yes ok I'm
warming up all right we're skating some
of you that follow me on Instagram may
have seen the other week when I showed
Emmy winning the limbo I didn't totally
show the whole thing so today we're
gonna watch Emmy and see if she can win
the limo she beat everybody last time we
did this all right I mean you got
another victory think you can win it all
ok let's see it hey remember its speed
make your back flat and keep your head
down
ok put your arms up straight in front of
you you don't want your elbows to hit
okay let's do it win this thing
all right starts off high that's easy
wait till we get down low all right you
got this all right starting out with a
big group a lot of people big lines a
lot of hopeful competitors but nobody
stands a chance against lupus the limbo
laser that's her limbo name lupus the
limbo laser because she's like a laser a
beam of low light under the limbo every
time Oh
Emmys sister's competing this year all
right here she goes
getting the form down good keep that
back straight nice loop om ease brother
competing nice gap here's the cheering
section over here looks like this is
where you get the refreshments - are you
guys eating candy and drinking pop over
here so that what's going on at the
skating rink
Jackson's it's spring break 2015 it's
time party yeah looks like it's time to
party in Jackson's world
I think I want some of those little
small chocolate pieces with some of this
caffeinated sugar this looks fun to play
with all blues
happiness is a choice happiness is a
choice
no big poop get low get low get low you
need more speed than that more speed on
the takeoff AVR nice getting lower
getting lower whoa here she comes the
hopeful gold medalist get low get low
it's funny because a BIA knows that me1
last time and so AV is getting really
competitive competition maybe I can
automation dad what's the secret what's
is - good point your arms keep your head
down keep your back flat so it's gonna
get competitive between those two I bet
you there's one in the last two that are
in the whole thing I'm back to the line
okay the clients been cut into about
half now and it's getting really low
back over to limbo Oh nein get in
control all right here comes Lucas get
low Emmie nice oh it's getting tight I
really love all right it's time to lower
the bar I'm gonna get really low now
only a couple feet off the ground
look at this big dude we got a big guy
Oh got low got low give you Buttler on
the low attempt okay sander control no
force Lou
can't you get low whoo that-a-girl talk
to me talk to me how you feeling how low
can you go can you go lower hey you need
to get under control because if you
crash after it doesn't count control
that limbo yo Amy you got this I feel
like you're just having fun with it I
don't feel like you're trying yet get
low
come on don't get cocky though strict
form every time don't get caught
stay low keep the back straight arms
straight just like we practice let's go
let's go I'm not
I'm not a weird I'm not a weird crazy
dad or anything guys yeah
at a girl alright the line has been
reduced to only seven children
it goes a beyond the low attempts oh did
your head dang it
all right here she goes everybody's
failed at this height
everybody has failed so far nice
Atta girl all right
oh all right it's Emmie and three other
girls Emmy is in third place
attagirl and that was the winning limbo
the other two girls failed at that
height and then Emmy just did this one
to see if she could get one lower but
she didn't but she's still one anyway
and good job ma she get the ticket nice
job
ami gets a ticket good job dude so proud
of my limbo Queen giving five you get
five you won you won what do you want
let's go to the snack stand whatever you
want I promise her whatever she wanted
good job
maybe it was close to well babe I'm very
proud of our daughter we have a champion
limbo or on our hands what are we gonna
do think of all the sponsorships
seriously there's gonna be merchandise
limbo merchandise Louie lupus the laser
limbo lion something let's play that
game where you shoot there's candy over
here and I put it in my mouth I left
that game cameras but we're gonna play
spin-the-bottle lever the camera lands
on you guys have to make out with hey
ready here we go what type play rocks
really starting to catch on you're
getting it dude you're starting to get
it oh it's time to play dodge ball dodge
ball on skates oh you're going down hey
you can hang with your brother
you're just as tough as he is okay
you're strong little boy go get him you
see him go get him you can chase him up
there Rock Oh scary I don't know he's
got teeth oh no but we have here a
sniper trying to sneak in from the wings
all right
let's climb up here Jackson went all the
way up there but he's stuck so I come on
back Stan I'm gonna come get you there
they are I feel like I'm in the
labyrinth I'm gonna find him through
these things
oh geez what I hear my name being yelled
what babe this is comfortable I think
I'll just take a nap
Hey hey Steve come up here Steve we're
spitting on bugs you don't have a baby
in your stroller weirdo
yo Gavin you guys playing tag out there
you're all sweaty
nice dude Brock come down you're going
too high all right I'm almost to him
Jackson Jackson I see you hey hey don't
blame Hey
oh there's two little boys I'm gonna get
you boys I'm gonna catch ya I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you all right up
the stairs here we go they're seriously
running from me where'd you go where'd
you go I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get
you dad Brooke it's like a Jason and
brought up with Jackson he's like the
slow chick who always falls during the
chasing I'm gonna get you I'm almost
there
you've run into a dead end boy hey Rocco
here's Johnny I want to get you boys
I got you that was a good chase now it's
good job helping your little brother get
away from the bad guy oh and I'll get to
go down the slide whoa Jax you do that
by yourself buddy you're the way
yourself you're so brave climbing up on
the slide all by yourself next in I'm
gonna do it by yourself do you want to
go down with Daddy
I looks like it's curious all right see
you bro good job dude you gonna climb
back up can you make it back up here
it's slippery hey you have a mission go
down the slide and take off Daxton socks
so he can climb up the slide he's trying
to climb up at his feet are too slippery
don't take them out on your way down
stop Midway it's like a pit stop get
those socks off of him let him climb to
the top all right that ought to do it he
just needed a little traction that
monkey just needed a little traction I
knew it
mission completed Rowen way to take the
message to Garcia
oh no Garcia I think you did that on
purpose
hey anybody out there listen ever heard
of taking the message to Garcia be a row
winner be a Rowan in this life huh you
made it no no he's doing it on purpose
he makes it to the very top and then he
falls down because it's a free slide
ride come on dude let's see make it to
the top come on all the way come up here
you did it all right I'm coming down
here we go take him up anybody
come here I'm gonna get you I'm a mom
I'm coming I'm gonna bite you
broccolis yeah yeah you guys slide
underneath my legs go up there and then
you feel what it looks like coming down
the slide through my legs okay okay
ready catch let me catch it here it
comes I'm gonna throw it up to you ready
3 2 1 release I knew it
good job hey little biker boy wanna put
your kiddies dinner time for the kittens
it's time to eat the morsels of goodness
for all the cat three gray ones three
black ones one white one every night
when I go to bed I make sure they're all
into here I'm like one two three black
one two three gray and old whitey oh
we're getting crazy in the garage how's
it goin cats look at these things
they're getting big we've been feeding
them good too
they've been getting really big they're
big kitties it's a big cat there's Brock
hadn't had enough of going around in a
circle
hey good job on limbo tonight very proud
of you good job dear that was awesome
see be aggressive believe in yourself
you should put some shoes on and be
aggressive and believe in yourself but
first the rule first rule shoes but Dad
I don't want to wear shoes I want to
ride this bike dad I want to do
everything that my older brothers and
sisters do it's hard to be the youngest
dad any of you out there the youngest
I'm the oldest of four I think there is
something to be said about persons
personalities being effective by where
they are at in the number of siblings
right like your
dominant if you're the oldest I don't
know I think you kind of make who you
are I believe in that I know there's a
lot of things like nature nurture but I
really believe that we can choose the
people we become on this earth I believe
that even if you come from crappy
situations or good situations you
ultimately are in charge of who you are
I don't know where that came from I
don't know why just preaching to you
love you guys
happy Friday hope you have a great
weekend huh I think I killed it on the
shade dirt vlogs if you do five this
week Monday through Friday I 5j Carl
thanks for the thumbs up to support the
nice comments and all of you guys's
support we love you and we will see you
on Monday have a great weekend what
click on a video see what the Shaytards
have been doing for 6
