daily vlog begin oh my gosh are you
alright dude what are you doing
what'd you do you're gonna lay down and
throw it now we're playing ball I'm
using it so funny can't throw it oh do
the bed no I gotta get it got it look at
the ball throw it the things that make
children happy you just gotta spend the
time to do it with them oh there goes
look at it oh good oh don't let go your
cracker though whatever you do gotta
keep your cracker in your hand daily
vlog begin oh my gosh
are you alright dude I tied you right in
the eyeball Daxton hands out of the
pants zone pervert central over here
we're playing dodgeball whose teams gave
what's going on give me that we run down
the 10-4 all right let's pick teams
brought to these bar oh good choice
because I am far superior in skill wit
speed stamina strength okay
strategy okay I think I think it's me
Brock and Daxton Stan the three oldest
you're my team buddy four skins take
your shirt off let's go because you're
on their team
I'll get you hard with this ball this
ball hurts get over there get on the
side no you're not
our team wait stop
timeout hold on wait listen you guys do
not hit the baby well we'll try at least
you're honest
please trumpets get those other balls
look there's like three other balls over
there yours Hey
brought your your job is to protect
Daxton okay can you be his line of
defense quit hiding the ammunition over
there that's cheating right from the
get-go we bust him for cheating trying
to hide all the ammunition
all right Brock you ready okay look set
the balls down we're doing it this way
put the ball down
Rufus come on man let's go let's do this
cowboy wait wait it makes me nervous
when I hear the countdown begin
taxing it on this side wait come on
Jackson okay just dachshund give me the
ref just let Daxton roam serious rule
right here listen up what do you proctor
my team come on dude what are you doing
Dax tin is a Romer this is like you know
in Harry Potter whatever we can make up
rules in our games and stuff his job is
to roam around and to get balls
if you hit Daxton that is an automatic
out without redemption you're out and
you can't get back in if you Jackson on
a bounce off the wall he is like a
moving target that it is if he's hit you
were out of the game good rule here we
go let's go Brock me and you you're
sneaking up go
Oh Brock got a via I didn't catch it
don't hit Reston get a goal Brock Brock
she's out get Emmy
heads up heads up heads up Oh watch out
Brock get him good
whoa Grammy watch I'm gonna love it ME
ME poke your head up
ME ME ME ME hook it up Oh God have got
him with your eyes are looking I mean no
there's no switching there's no
switching
wait those two watch you can just toss
with okay so AV is in then drachma AV is
the last leg it is the last one right
get a ball whatever Latasha oh you got
me
rock it you a Naevia oh here it is oh
dang gave you is good job dude you're in
the very end Jude Daxton avoided injury
good comeback dang it I was looking
through the camera I should have been
focusing on the game you guys got in my
way all right I'm gonna set this down
we're gonna play again ready we ready
yeah five four three two one
bull sticks I just not Bella pull sticks
over oh yeah switch I guess yeah yeah oh
now you live in the bottom five
dude I was going after Emmy I was on a
headhunting mission and the pool sticks
had some collateral damage
oh man are there any nice ones in there
what's up the faces
good job k-11 dachshund good job buddy
you did awesome give me five all right
here we go next game one two one lupus
be brave out there you don't want to
switch come on you stand tall you can do
this you're good yeah
all right use that skill on the game
here we go this is the tiebreaker who's
gonna win five four three two got my
elbow I didn't switch all right I think
it's only fair we got to slow down the
footage and review it and he gets me
check it out Brock hit her right in that
left arm any points he was right man I
should listen to my teammate okay Amy
got these young full three anywhere I
say what did I say you just got me and
Brock Bouldin one game for your team
three confidence believe in yourself
taxi where you out we need you out here
alright here we go
on your marks try to catch them when
they throw me okay go yeah I was
bouncing cameras down cameras down I'm
out quick
is Brock out dude they're dominating us
gotta go guys I don't want to show any
more this slaughtering happening over
here on the dodge ball what I got some
quarters
yeah our mind hey listen I thought it
was really cute in yesterday's vlog
whenever he was getting our massage and
you're like but I don't have any money
so I'll just have to massage my own arms
that was cute that was a good example of
getting what you get a not throwing a
fit I paint my nails Sonoma
you're awesome I love you all right here
we go males I omitted oh yeah and we did
everybody says hey when's it my turn I
want my nails done I want my toenails
done I am also cause we're out of
stickers all right all right let's go
there we go blue eyes Kevin yeah tell us
what you're just talking about about
vlogging I said a second longer so I
just go um is that hard to vlog do you
guys think I don't know what today it
can be very difficult when I first
started vlogging
I always will um like well oh I try to
cut that stuff out like then so I'm
trying to make my words
in size and not have any breaks in my
word so that it sounds better but
sometimes my brain goes like this yeah I
see a lot of that but I kind of if I was
really mean if I was really mean I would
have saved like a folder of all like I'm
Shay and she like looks and rolls her
eyes and messes up and starts over again
if I put all those together right yeah
sometimes I like to just make some jokes
we're trying to figure out what's for
dinner were between spaghetti and tacos
I think is it the last iCarly isn't it
cool that we've met half the people from
that show that's sweet
yeah we're so cool you guys are so blase
oh we've met Sam we've met what are you
doing dude sorry but um okay so what's
for dinner I'm a homo I'm a whole grain
mate yeah what did you make that was low
as ice yeah they're like vegan burrito
is so healthy we're just like chillin at
home for Spring Break
I love it Daxton see you later bro nice
knowing you
dude that was so epic vlog fail yep
o'clock failed I don't even know what I
got dang it
um what I I'm not I'm gonna do this so I
don't even have to look at you okay
I'm not even inside disappointed in New
York give a recap of what I just said
that didn't get on the camera
well we are going to do an epic trilogy
viewing tonight it was a marathon of
what if you will gonna go back in time
back
that's right we're gonna have any Back
to the Future Marathon so some of the
kids want spaghetti some of them want
tacos I said if we can find the trilogy
we will make spaghetti tacos done Jenna
done spaghetti tacos what are you eating
a skateboard nope it's not not
skateboard night not skateboard night
for the baby boy
it's the air to talk right forget it
talk alright for the baby boy yeah okay
I'm excited you find it yet we're
searching the video selection for the
trilogy Back to the Future movie night
with possibly spaghetti or tacos we have
not decided yet after earth dude come on
you got it for Christmas right search I
know is it in the videos upstairs I've
never seen you just I do is it stacked
in your clod like in your room I feel
like you have it stuck in your room find
it nobody has a morsel till we find the
trilogy such every DVD and blu-ray we
have where is it Marty McFly come to us
there are your body stops down reveal
yourself to us doctor we must watch your
time-travel flux capacitor whoever finds
the first gets major bonus points and
probably an extra rice krispies treat
tonight at the dessert portion of the
evening just a little incentive for you
what what cash cashola huh cash speaks
out of the rest block is going to say no
for the Indiana Jones trilogy there's
not as nuts not a bad option as a night
counter okay a second option
watch back to the future now all right
we're we're looking we'll let you know
how it comes up we'll see if we can find
it can we get it on Netflix how we watch
this this is one of me and Colette's
all-time favorite movies one of the
classics we watch this I think maybe for
the last three years on our anniversary
maybe we loved this movie this is one of
my favorite movies of all time I love
Tom from
I don't care what you say he is a
handsome devil we never gave a review of
what we thought about Cinderella I
thought it was good I don't know I was
just like I knew the storyline
she was great whoever that actress was
she was beautiful she was a good seguro
sangwich I do agree with yes that's the
button jar I put my um course and I know
it's just for buttons just put your
button in it know where he had an extra
button fall off of his shirt this is my
button collection and off button what
was Harley saying she was saying that
that the actress that played I don't
know the names our role played
Cinderella books just our acts has
similar mannerisms especially and it
Cecily should have placed yes this was a
great actress actor thespian find that
trilogy hi God we located it not that's
your shoelace
oh you're stuck now button boy hi Oh Dan
yeah way
all right Potter so don't you guys feel
like there's a day that's gonna be like
an apple look Chad clip critics
how many youtubers are heard about this
that's just randomly in there and stand
up sit out that's uh maybe more
fortuitous then uh anyways um I was
saying we need to invent an app you can
put on your phone but I can just scan
this box of movies and then I'll send it
to my iTunes right can you come up with
that smart child of the future that is
going to have a computer in your brain
someday can you invent an app that I can
just take a picture of this box and
it'll scan all the information and put
it onto my iPhone and then I can just
like skin I can search it I can control
s Ferris Bueller's Day Off and just pull
it right up you know what I'm saying huh
what are we looking for what you say I
love this yeah I would promote piracy
but it's inevitable thing you know what
I'm saying free market information all
that kind of stuff that's the movie dang
we got some good movie let's watch this
one I told I told Brad Pitt to his face
that this is one of my favorite movies
of all time river runs through it
classic dude such a good movie Oh Brad
Pitt call me up bro coming out we'll
talk about your movies and stuff if you
want whatever a no big deal no pressure
so we've searched almost every movie
case in the house Gavin thinks that
maybe he might have an idea it could be
in this case what do we see here I'm not
seeing much of anything Gavin ater what
brave Land Before Time we did recently
talk about tree stars but that's no back
to s no flux capacitor Gavin hello McFly
hello McFly is anybody home hello McFly
is anybody home
make like a tree and find the trilogy
find that oh you guys I think maybe she
really is going crazy
she loves buttons buttons buttons who's
got the puppet his mom showed her office
she's so proud of her office this is
Colette Butler Studios central this is
where it all goes down all the business
of being a mom happens in this room what
oh yeah look through there those might
just be CDs yeah those are like mixtapes
that I made for your mom when I was in
love well I'm still in love mm-hmm
talk about great movies huh heard this
was a book to anybody hear about this
one I heard it uh did pretty well now
John's making Paper Towns dude John's
just gonna be like a major movie
producer you watch next five years it's
gonna be like produced by John Green
Entertainment make movies everywhere
excuse me would you like to go to the
enchantment under the sea dance with me
sure you would
well that's great well we can't go till
we bar in the trilogy we already look
through there it's not in there yes me
and Gavin looked dude this is ridiculous
there are movies all over our house how
are we ever gonna find it there's just
stacks of movies
it could be anywhere that's a good one
huh that's a good one
Field of Dreams no that's not a league
of their own different baseball movie do
you think people speculate that we like
purposely put naturebox rappers like in
the background of the videos when you
have them everywhere I know they're like
scattered all over the house naturebox
sends us lots of boxes of them we just
eat them within they're just scattered
everywhere and like you'll see a
pineapple bag and nine times out of ten
there's never one in it you'll see it
you'll grab it it's like there's no
pineapple in there cuz those stupid
little brats that live with me heard
that I like shine apples love oh there's
one of them now so what are we doing
spaghetti or tacos well founded daddy is
your choice are we giving up are we
giving up on Indian back or Marty McFly
let's keep looking what if he's stuck in
the fifth dimension and he's like in the
bookshelf or there strings and he's like
reaching through right now uh-huh Jesus
Lee I've been looking for it for a
couple weeks now all right we found Back
to the Future on YouTube all right try
to click on it Universal movies it's
like the full movie all we have to buy
it it's I think it's $2.99 I was looking
on my laptop just hit let's buy it how
do we can we buy it on here okay so for
some reason on the the remote control on
the TV we can't pay to buy back to the
future on the computer you pay $2.99 you
can buy it but we can't figure it out on
this so we're searching on Netflix you
don't see it it's not on Netflix the
baby's crying like usual these guys are
scavenging up some leftovers from the
other night we went out to eat but you
got some Alfredo there you guys are
tired of waiting you're like let's just
warm up those Alfredo movers we got
let's get to eating right now we're
getting smart with the technology look I
just did it I figured out okay look at
that handsome guy he looks like he
belongs on the TV alright so click on
that now
no no I'm signed in now so that's like
giving you the option to sign out so we
want to be signed in so now go search
for Back to the Future babe I think I
did a smart thing I think I got a
figured out and watch Back to the Future
yeah what are you doing with that tie
what oh right okay wait wait what you go
back figure this out okay click on it
again click on the movie I wanna see
same thing happens go down to the thing
I should suck my gut in do you see me oh
I should suck my gun
well apparently there's a licensing
issue I tried to get back to the future
on YouTube I bought it on my account
with my Google+ you can't do it like on
a regular youtuber account so I had to
switch my Google+ and it just won't
every time I click on it so there's no
licensing so maybe we're not gonna watch
Back to the Future maybe it's not meant
to be but we're gonna have some mods but
Yeti down dude oh man smells good elk
burger also check this guy's out who dad
I watched this cam from the Dave Ramsey
show sent me these guys video these guys
just did their Dave Ramsey debt free
scream and I watched the whole thing and
I got teary eyed and I had a huge smile
on my face anyways I just saw this on
the YouTube as I was trying to find Back
to the Future these guys have been
waiting for a long time to get out of
debt this is so exciting
there he is
Angeles Joel and Anna that's cool
anyways I saw your guy's video Joel and
Anna congratulations very proud of you
that takes a lot of tenacity a lot of
not quitting good job you guys I'll
leave a link below go watch their video
there's story these guys work their
butts off they paid out almost $50,000
in five years it feels so good I would
not be where I'm at today if it wasn't
for getting out of debt and Dave Ramsey
and you can do it if you have the
smallest of budget and Dave Ramsey just
started a new budgeting tool which is
cool so anyways go check out that video
cool story Brock I like your hat which
mind if I had some popcorn thanks you're
a real pal I appreciate it
yeah I guess if we can't watch the Back
to the Future trilogy we'll watch the
next best thing
Jay Todd's on the big screen I always
see the pictures you guys send me if you
guys watch the Shaytards on your TV
which i think is the natural evolution
wouldn't you say Dex Tony
oh no the spice rack is open that must
mean some delicious this missus is being
whipped up on over here I can sure smell
it alright so it looks like we're
settling on in Indiana to get your
mohawk out of the way
Indiana Jones movie night
Colette are we gonna cuddle on the movie
night Wow
you gonna get me chocolate I'll get you
chocolate are we gonna make rice
krispies treats or make rice krispies
treats
Wow no let's make rice krispie treats
you gotta learn how to make different
delicatessens come on focus you can
figure it out ABA you are a smart girl
no dude trust me rice krispies treats
away better we have chocolate chips we
can put the chocolate chips on the rice
krispies treats no eyes are really there
I know they're good but they're not as
good as rice krispies treats rice
krispies treats are better all right
with will do do we can put some
chocolate chips and the rice krispies
treats please baby I got all excited I
don't want to want to move anymore
yours ruin okay we can make rice
krispies treats mohawk good news guys
good news also good news grace is gonna
be on Jimmy Fallon we're watching your
grace Reena rice krispie treats watching
you on the TV you guys my internet
friends gonna be on the TV you don't
care I know progress I can't
you know I was going to cut the last
flip there a little shorter but I just
really wanted you to see how much I
truly was enjoying those rice krispies
treats that mouth-breathing as I mash
the mollow in my incisors and let the
saliva anyways that's a graphic enough
explanation I bet there will be at least
300 people that are already making rice
krispies treats by the end slate
I went doubt it I would not doubt that
in the process of you watching this
video you're like you know what I have
in my country I have marshmallows butter
and air that has like some little teeny
pieces of bread wrapped around it I'm
gonna go find an excuse to eat
marshmallows and butter and I bet you're
already stirring the butter and the
marshmallows in the hot pan right now uh
this is not a brand deal for X krispies
treats all right love you guys thanks
for watching this is a long one whoa
dude you better give it a thumbs up I
think it deserves it was a real like
down-to-earth family vlog that's why
you're here right to see us hanging out
as a family I get it now okay I'll see
what you say Jackson naturebox buy my
stuff
yeah all right love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow maybe maybe we'll see okay
probably bye click on a video or some
