morning good morning welcome to the chat
vlog with Polly Angie
Lundy Angie can turn oh hey guys what's
up man Oh stick yo you big rough animal
you're a bully your big bad bully bro
get out of here be nice to her just hit
me in the shin 160-pound Great Dane
running she bites her hey guys what's up
hey sorry no vlog yesterday but you know
what I'm not I'm not saying sorry
anymore sometimes I'm gonna miss I'm not
gonna say we're doing daily vlogs sorry
no not just that I'm not gonna be sorry
we're super busy you know what and I'm
not gonna make excuses and I'm not gonna
say sorry anymore we're gonna try to get
vlogs up every single day until March
5th my birthday but they might not be
every day guys and I hate seeing tweets
are like you promised
why such a large R I'm like so come on
I'm sorry no I'm not I'm not sorry you
guys were busy I know I'm getting into
that mode stop stop get it Emma okay so
here's today's vlog do one take Sunday
tomorrow but this is the Saturday block
he's kinda crazy
oh also also also it's kind of made up
of two days because we didn't upload
yesterday so it's like two different
nights Tyler and Haley came up and
brought some new stuff you guys we are
doing a Shaytards calendar this year if
you care you prize so mad at me because
we're quitting and I've been missing
vlogs you're like I'm not buying a
calendar shirt that's cool
but there are some of you who do want in
the Shaytards calendar and this is I'm
not going to say that this is the last
one ever
but it's we're definitely not doing one
next year and it might be the last I
think it's the last one ever it always
feels weird to sell a calendar of just
pictures of your family is that weird I
don't know this isn't normal this thing
that we do but maybe it's the new normal
what's normal who knows it's Daxton
birthday vlog be happy check it out here
this hi I'm logged in here alright it's
birthday party time
okay I'm driving with this sucker
Hudson balloon birthday time well good
we all know his birthday was like what a
week and a half ago it's birthday party
time he finally gets a birthday party
yeah what were you doing to the kitty oh
he goes I'm being nice to the TD mom
you're being nice to it like really soft
like that that's good I'm glad thank you
for being nice to the kitties but Kitty
Lux when you're nice to him her I think
it's a her actually guys flash may be a
girl yeah she likes you you're so cute
well that's very sweet honey no she did
Scratchy yesterday cuz she were holding
her she didn't want to be held huh she
wants you sucker now better take it away
are you excited for your birthday party
yeah it's gonna be fun I love you happy
birthday Daxton you're a special little
boy I'm not sure what he said Wow nice
job I was really good that's Elsa she's
a little less fierce than the real Elsa
she's kind of a fraidy-cat
but we love her hey guys so we're trying
to clean up foreign accents birthday as
well Rock thing I try to go for the new
game Oh Jackson one they've all had two
things to take to the room and they have
to take it to the room and they had to
be back whoever go who is back first
wins here put this Meier okay rock dad
sit you have to take this shoe to my
room and you have to come back okay
that's ready behind the line behind line
right
oh and then it's a fun way to get your
children to plead so if you want to help
us around the house we should do that
it's that time again
yeah big rat him oh I'm glad you
reminded me I forgot about the rat tail
oh she's so excited about his rat oh and
I'm getting a rat tail he is excited
no I'm just getting a trim I can't say
goodbye to my hair at this point I do
not want any shorter honey you just did
- you cut it yeah
was it too long well thanks you know
when your hair short and you want it to
be long it feels like it takes forever
but didn't say maze huh don't have
anything to say goodbye all right I'm
all finished can you guys even tell a
difference I just got a trim and then
she did like this clear glossy coat to
hopefully shine it up a little bit
I kind of just want to keep like growing
it and get my natural color even though
my natural color looks kinda dull
anyways did you guys really care about
all that
no I don't care because I wanted to tell
you anyway today we're doing a photo
shoot for the calendar yes we are going
to have calendars this year and it will
probably be well it'll be our last one
until we start up again crazy anyway so
we're gonna do some pictures tonight I'm
going to force a me to let me do her
hair it's gonna be hard but I'm going to
make it happen you guys I'm gonna curl
those beautiful locks and she won't have
any choice I thought she would hear me
that I don't know where she is now let's
go get ready alright you guys so now
we're doing a shoot we've got Tyler's
new year I guys hey what did yours a
little rock up my face yeah baby
alright so in the middle of the photo
shoot I mean it's just a simple photo so
it's not like what's her thing and
getting all dressed out advanced oh yeah
how old are you dachshund Oh No
you're this many but if you were this
many you would definitely not be peeing
your pants right right okay I hate
this is what I've been doing with all
day just gonna say that
mmm I can be a three-year-old too but I
won't I'll keep my cool hey remember to
go in the toilet kay that's not nice
duck Hey look at me mother okay be a
puto
you know every I mean he likes pizza
that's why I got a pizza is easy and
he'll love it then he came in and he
goes
Oh pizza he ate pizza and I was like
what that's the first time he's ever
said that okay okay grandma we made you
we made you something special but junk
dude a key on you but Jackson got to it
before we could give it to you so there
you go um sorry about that the licorice
so we put that in the licorice on it oh
thank you man Jackson got to it yeah
yeah you think that was so no no look it
says grandma Lauren oh yeah
we love you Dax another jerk but we love
you okay time he's already been trying
to stick his fingers in it all come on
hold on to this part cuz it'll slide off
you want to deal with the amateurs hey
let me help you
oh man I'm obnoxious blowout selfie
happy birthday
did you make a wish to make a wish
what'd you wish for
would you wish for a good wish okay I
love you happy birthday what'd you get
what's that got some Play Doh Play Doh
cool all right here's the aftermath
making pizza we ate pizza for the
birthday we're making pizza you got
pizza - that looks yummy Daxton happy
birthday
I just have a lot of these guys no we're
talking about what we'll say to thankful
that one I take our garnish me like Emmy
I can't see em well your poke your head
out here what did you say you would say
to the boys who are trying to date your
sister don't actor it's fantastic I will
friend it gotta feed up to my dog
you did not hear that we didn't get
anybody who thinks habeas cute
watch out and he will I quote rip your
guts out and feed them to her dogs I'm
gonna witness
I'm not happy
yeah oh it's the famous house party oh
my goodness Ferrari he ate that whole
thing I didn't get any of it just
kidding I got oh we're vlogging here by
the way guys guys announcement look this
guy over here takes pictures and we're
gonna make a shaped hearts calendar yeah
they tard calendar coming soon in the
next like we could say they'll be
available on trucks about carnival
chicken oh look we got a package in the
mail from the tricks and Union thanks
Tyler
I tried to bring it we mailed it I know
it's cool that it showed up in your hair
yeah dude I'm excited I'm excited to see
you let's see
Otis shank let hi we are tricks in
clothing please wear this it will keep
you arm rub your beard on my face love
dejan and aaron you pervert alright rep
you're coast where are you from from the
Atlantic face or my oh are you from the
Pacific do these hangtags to our
champion and what I mean by champion is
we literally are doing a focus s Butler
XL Union you guys how exciting we are
actually doing tricks and clothing is
doing a collaboration with champion yes
sweet huh so what side you from left or
right Atlantic or Pacific have you hold
this up are you Atlantic and Pacific
yeah you're an East Coast girl
all right tricks and union where are you
representing from these guys they're
coming out soon Tyler Wendy's dropping
Monday Monday Monday trixin calm pretty
cute huh
stop definitely a tough crowd if she
didn't design him she hates them or
they're only pretty cute
yeah genuine but I don't think you were
trying to sell you met they're really
cute when you say pretty cute it's like
oh they're kind of cute yeah that's true
that means pretty and cute oh I see we
know anymore geez guys do the millenials
I'll tell you boy oh boy oh boy okay
laughter localized
