dead here filming silver dad's helping
us take out the garbage welcome to let
out though she's run another nurse :
running down the hill look at her little
head bobbin hey hot stuff you come here
often
we're taking out the trash and then
going to CrossFit sama Jenica alright
this tree me
ladies don't good tricks and crew guys
that beat you got thought oh my god I'm
on push presses
how much can I bless but it's like he's
just a friend I can erase regret if I
just put in my best
this bird is leaving the nest
the permissions a few times
I'm not coming in last I'm under the
fascist watch we get a minute five
minutes of burpees about this this is
like a company retreat this is a
building an exercise where we build
camaraderie
all right guys first CrossFit class yeah
go for some been a mess some bananas I
was a good one today do it five minutes
of burpees I don't wake you up in the
morning I challenge you to do five five
minutes of burpees
I got 74 what'd you get no no no I got
64 plus seventy three burpees in five
minutes I got 64 Sam what'd you get all
right time oh I forgot the quarters I
can't go to the salon without my money
dang it I have to go back home and get
my money I'm coming right back guys all
right the salon is 25 cents but I have
to wait to go this long because my
friend who's coming with me Janet guys
she's at the bakery right now yeah can
you serve it to me at the salon you know
okay will you cook through the caramel
one and I'll be at the salon you can
bring it to me I mean about that service
right I was hoping that there was a
bakery that worked in tandem with the
salon wouldn't that be good right ladies
that's what we need in life seriously I
just thought of a really great invention
I promised the girls I'd go to the Soul
I do I promised the girls I go to the
Sun and so then I'll come back to the
bakery and eat okay
he's one of those kids
he's forceful and you must do what I say
oh okay we ready ready go here : I'm
rolling rip oh hi guys were headed to a
meeting with the trip through to the
guys with the chicken crew whose legs
are sore from CrossFit this morning my
Chester gesture goes through mine
minutes of burpees yeah Dejan dude was
rapping out those goblets squads like a
frickin boost through daehan's legs I
just measured number 46 inches in
diameter around the base of that really
tied chunky area he's got big ol ham
hocks de plan huh hey hon they like them
squat 500 pounds how much
no but I'm not exaggerating how much can
you swap
how much what's your master
what's your max 365 nevermind all this
squat I'm going 90 miles an hour okay
sign in signing in and then what are we
getting massage this is like the most
prestigious so long jacket realize
better than Level II not seriously which
has emotions do you want so whatever
kind is the most bestest one cross it
was good to do guys this is the best arm
massage I've ever had you don't know the
last time I had an arm to charge today
this is gonna be expensive I can already
what is it let your beard tell you bendy
beard I bought you a couple of Dimes
looking at you talking to me but it's a
salon slash interpreted performance were
jealous you know it this is the future
studio space that's gonna be a recording
studio this is the little green room we
have a green room you open this garage
oh it's locked
I know right we just got all the
sheetrock tape and texture and the trim
done we just got to finish the plumbing
there's gonna be like a little kind of
like a sink right there microwave if you
imagine like an office fridge to come
like thick stuff then this will be like
an editing Bay right here that's gonna
be an actual audio recording booth and
that small room over here this is gonna
be a big set this is gonna be like the
green room slash makeup area like we'll
have mirrors in there to come get ready
this would be like storage up here we're
gonna shoot the podcast over here have a
green screen right here
it's almost done the studio is coming
along we think like we shoot some tricks
and videos in here and they've been here
Dejan don't get any ideas
no flake actually this spot is for Blake
to sleep over of nights when he's doing
long edits we're gonna have a ladder
it's like a little like loft with a bed
up there so anything when there's long
big projects like Blake you're not
leaving you sleep it up in the loft oh
it's done
yeah all right studio tour that's it
that's how you get that one okay maybe I
did something super awesome we tried to
do that even with shellac it doesn't
last forever all right Emmy did my nails
and check it out she did the orange with
polka dots black and white and then she
did this is a star that's a heart and
these polka dots this one yeah lightning
sparkle lightning well there's lightning
bolt revolution this one from the black
lightning bolt oh you got mine only
telling what you said when you saw my
she's like okay go to the bakery now get
in the kitchen boy so when he saw my
thumb and goes that's a big big big huge
thumb going all the cookies could be
like oh you need some bones to chew on
here too on the toes thank you so much
for letting us into your salon we will
definitely be back and we'll bring more
money next time
I need to go wash this perfume on whoa
all right guys so Gavin wins the Big
Brother Award well I was getting my
nails done Gavin was watching Jackson in
the bathtub
he caught him out of the bathtub and he
put him to sleep look at this couch of
love hey I just want to climb no that's
a horrible idea let's get down that's a
bad idea that your friend upon further
investigation we see that the mountain
is well lit by the sunshine of a fading
day and that the glorious nature of
bounds and beauty beyond measure beyond
any comprehension that any of us would
have a much thinner seedlings of these
noggins we call brains the beauty and
majesty the lies beyond our window in
the vast mother nature
ah that's as far as the zoom works and
about as crazy as I get the great thing
about me is I think I'm hilarious
what is your problem
you just think you rule the world
whatever you say goes
is that your attitude towards life yeah
that's exactly his attitude towards life
he knows that if he screams and cries he
gets what he wants
hey not amused pissed off call you want
some water oh man where's Kobe's bowl my
dad said make sure he gets lots of water
I am dad he's getting lots of water
thirsty boy you thirsty okay okay just
water have you guys seen this picture of
Joe Rogan you guys know Joe Rogan it
needs to be the host of Fear Factor now
he does like UFC stuff Joe Rogan
celebrates the wild meat movement eat
what you kill he's holding the moose
hindquarters right there Joe also has
this cool podcast that he does that I
know a ton of people love I've listened
to a few of them but I think Joe Rogan
should get Casey little veer on his
podcast don't you guys think I think
Casey probably has the biggest hunting
channel on YouTube my brother I'm proud
of him he kills stuff and eats it my
brother
feeds everybody that lives on this
property the entire year we don't ever
have to buy meat at the store because
Casey has a giant fridge full of elk
deer and antelope that we just walk up
the hill and get out of the freezer and
cook on our stove so I think if anybody
knows about you know providing for their
family off of the meat that they kill
you know in a fair way its Casey my
brother so Joe ro can you guys tweet Joe
tell him to get Casey on the podcast and
I'll come to and be funny because I'm
hilarious
Mallory's dude haaziq not amused you
hydrated Kobe Dada Kobe got his water
he's happy well we're at the spot again
these nails stayed on the orange ones
the other one came off so I need to get
him redone
I think you did it himself this Paul is
for so long seriously oh yeah will you
do my nose already oh yeah I need the
dryer we did the lightning bolt the way
okay in her orange hangers and one came
off and I was so I forgot to you guys
the final product of the second round of
nails that Emmy did for me this is the
second round
I love the pinky cause it looks like a
sunset I'd say she's getting that one
got a little messed up but I'd say she's
getting quite creative with the nails
lately dude Spring Break 2015 is crazy
hey listen if you're wondering Shae why
don't you get your nails done don't you
worry I will get my nails did probably
every nail I have on my body I have 28
nails on my body don't ask where the
other 17 came from what doesn't thanks
for watching guys thanks for watching
our Shaytards vlogs we appreciate it
check out yesterday's vlog as always do
you click on the in slate I wonder I'm
sure there's some analytics somewhere
but if you're on a mobile device you
can't click on the screen however I have
learned recently through a tweet
interaction with Danny Duncan the the
drummer of we the Kings also a daily
vlogger dlv for life shout out that you
can put these notes so that people on
mobile devices can actually click their
screen to go see other things but that
just seems like new and different and
hard work for me to do figure out so I
put those in the video description below
so you guys can go see
all the videos that are on the in slate
you know how to do that right you just
click in the video description show more
and that little thing drops down and you
can go see what were the Shaytards doing
1 2 3 4 and you can click on those on
your mobile device if you're on a
desktop or a laptop you can click right
on those annotations and I'll take you
right to the videos do you do you ever
do that are you curious it's like whoa
well when they doing 6 years ago it's
crazy when I go back and I get all the
you know the links so I can put them all
on the in slate and in the video
description it's so crazy to go see
those old thumbnails and just reminisce
by the way Jackson and Zeke you're
obnoxious
the dogs are wrestling in the background
I love you I got to go I'm rambling in
the end slate goodbye I love you I'll
see you tomorrow
