did you make deck Jackson his food for
you you're gonna feed them let's go set
it down for him and he'll eat it rock
has been so happy to have Jackson here
it feels like it's his dog he's been
taking the responsibility to feed him
every day and get his water now oh good
maybe you should feed coffee too
do you know how to feed Colby he's
hungry too weird my food oh bugger dude
that's so sweet of you honey
you're such a good dog owner you're
gonna be a great help
okay good let's fatten him up for
Grandma huh so we have a lot of dogs at
our house let's see we've got Jackson
Colby Bronx okay so we're watching three
extra dogs we have five dogs here cuz
everybody else went out for spring break
but we were like you know what we do not
want to travel anymore we are staying
home so we put our foot down and our
anchor down and we're staying home for
the week do you like your new chair so
his mom gave him this care place
birthday she had to give me one too so
we could sit together so I got a
birthday player that's you
thanks mom and this is our courtroom
furniture for now okay
clever
okay so the girls are trying to do a
tandem cartwheel stunt and I've never
done it before but I've seen it done and
I can tell that they're doing it move
along so I'm going to try to teach them
how to do it right even though I've
never done it before I've seen it done
though looks so pretty okay let's see
this first hit your son in the face that
oohs check let's see it in Reverse my
mouth okay okay okay oh wow you're right
whacked him in the face all right let's
see or some big cumulus Nimbus clouds
out there today just rolling on heads up
box parted
just so you know in your chair on
dachshunds blanket all right let's see
this move on to another part trauma and
the he'll be see you guys we gotta go
you can either use your hands or you can
use my leg to hook you need my help seek
you're not hoping to get out of there
right here on here I like that view try
it idea just go like you're doing a
cartwheel but like hook your let me show
you
oh good ZQ Galloway okay go no kick up
try it
hold on it's hard
oh I'm a Tony I'm uploading the vlog let
me try this I know what I do my job back
word for word
Colette's edges to the girls I've never
done that before I can re tired
- okay let him go
Kyo all right good job Rach go Emmy
go-go-go me now there you go
these are the kind of wrestling matches
that Hassan I'm the baby
you don't want to get into on this
wrestling match he's a little crazy huh
I don't know if you want to try this
game the motorcycle to the top of the
mountain here comes rocks Zeke taking
them for their day their motorcycle run
look at these views it's got some big
old dinosaur clouds floating through the
valley today look here he comes
Superdog up the mountain here he comes
zekiel come on Zeke yo you can do it
come on buddy
I said good boy you did it these are
like epic booty clouds
 where's my f6 a battle between I'm
gonna catch me a Colette girl I'm gonna
help me in Kuwait girl where you think
you're going banana girl stop I just
clean this room you're messing it up why
are we hours of any dog dogs and kids
and cats sorry the vlog is late
yesterday stupid internet look look he's
trying to get the internet to work and
always those wires doesn't know what
they do make do and Rene I need it to
make it to video you don't introduce you
this has been a 4-hour process we're at
85% got 33 minutes remaining
I don't know what the deal is usually
it's fast time going to dinner going to
dinner oh it's cold it's cold
Javanese like a chip off the old block
you do come on let's go you look
handsome you look so handsome
we're meeting Sam and Jenica and de hond
for dinner because we like to eat dinner
it's it's fun it's something we do every
night and it looks like we focused more
on the eating part than the getting
footage of the dinner part you guys
don't know Sam and Jenica and de Haan
and Aaron and Logan and Brett and Derek
and Bree and Danny and Blake and the
tricks and crew they're just like people
that we're gonna probably hanging out
with a lot because we've brought them on
to the tricks and team and you can go
check out their vlogs which is cool
because I think dejan might have logged
us at dinner so go check out his vlog
thanks for watching guys check out
yesterday's vlog click on that fin and
lucky button and if you want to see what
the shade hearts were doing ever
single day for the last six years that
sounds like a lot of watching time on
YouTube remember you gotta go outside to
get some fresh air every once in a while
so if those of you that are on the
Shaytards marathons right now be sure to
do maybe like five burpees in between
each Shaytards vlog it's like a reward
like after the next five burpees you can
watch another Shaytards flock huh that
might be a good way to motivate yourself
to exercise when you're on those little
shaped hard marathons just a little
suggestion thanks for watching guys we
appreciate your support we'll see you
tomorrow bye
