oh it's Friday night dance time
mommy tarts feeling loose Oh No Oh shark
boots is up it is Friday night dance
Saturday night dance time that's what I
meant at the first time all right I'm
gonna spray off the blood pull let
decide to go off roading the other day
berry the brand new car and three feet
of mud now we got to clean it off so
it's all dirty but my sprayer in the
face but you got the car all muddy
Butthead get out here and all gonna
really get your squirt in the face
yeah dance someone's gonna get beaned in
the face yeah Saturday night dance time
and stop so it's time to have some
dinner
gonna have some Mexican food restaurant
dinner that's what we're having I sorta
maybe I'm gonna get the nacho let's
match the aftermath we destroyed that
Mexican food pretty much ate nachos for
dinner and then platter and then
everything else is in the to-go boxes
cuz all of our street tacos and all the
kids ran to the bathroom and now we're
gonna go to the movie Cinderella
Cinderella all right hurry you got to
run the movie starts in 10 minutes we're
like Cinderella if we don't get to the
movie in time
but something will turn into something
pumpkins right go guys hurry
Rob let's go be ready Cinderella
you got yourself and his mom pumpkin
into a carriage all right it's Sunday
morning at 7:30 we're trying to get all
the kids are ready to get going to
church gotta get everything ready guys
ready go church
Zeke thirsty you having some of the bath
water buddy you guys share with Zeke hey
nice shirt I know right six years worth
of Shh are you like my tricks and shirt
you like it thanks buddy
Coby you like it oh yes for these
children watch out for the road come
here dancin boy yeah these kids young
innocent no fears nothing to worry about
no stresses carefree lifestyle under the
safe confines of mommy and daddy's
protections little do they know that the
bird flu no put that down that's the
crows as a dead bird feather Daxton
you're laying in something probably
gonna grab those Nikes come on little
boy come on little boy what do you got
what do you got what do you got
beautiful Sunday Oh baby there fold over
this place that's yes the tree was on
that tree first you guys like that trees
at school
hello Dax donees what are you doing
the tree feels cool huh plastic oh yeah
that's cool aspen trees rock but I love
you you know you're a handsome young man
I can't wait to see you grow up oh
you're gonna become that's some good
research maybe that's paper that's what
they make paper out of they make paper
out of trees oh excuse me you're
handsome as well thank you for all these
hands
that's him is that lizard eating the
tree Paxton has a lizard that he stoled
from Brock that he's pretending you're
so patient
Jackson give Brock his lizard bed give
me that that's Brock's lizard
Darius right right into his beautiful
mom's arms he's kicked he's he's kicking
he's giggling this handsome dude what's
up bowtie I like your bow tie hey I
don't know they're not moving whoa are
you being a good helper yes
Jack what are you wearing
did you put your bowtie back on you like
it
you look super handsome you've got a
short with his bowtie so fashionable are
you liking having Jackson here he's a
good dog huh you guys are good buddies I
love when Brock hangs out with Jackson
because they're just the same they're
very similar in personalities and they
play together really well it's cute you
did oh okay well the other dogs might
have to help them with it huh hi guys so
we're just cleaning and singing all
about that bass analyst and that's how
my dad's a blogger
Sunday night Spring Break and clean up
this and bye boom clap the sound of my
heart you got your boots on rocks got a
ski boots on rocks got a ski boots on
oh whoa easy bro-heem we're just chillin
watching a movie folding the laundry
hanging out with the doggies
Jackson's licking toenails just the lazy
Sunday evening with the family and now
I'm putting footage in from a vias old
camera because I don't have enough to
make a long blog and I know what you
guys will be mad at me so here's some
extra footage that I found hey so me and
God are getting rid of your bed and the
embalmer getting ready for bed I saw my
chair wake up on sounds purchase teeth
don't cuz I'll be doing around if I can
see I'm gonna do around a bunch of
spring for you guys back his brand up
their answers okay I can't do one I wish
good job and now I just okay guys
wants me to run off that chance but you
feel me okay
yeah yes I'm ready totally ready good
job okay I'm gonna go so hydro ran up
against me take me into your loving arms
kiss me under the light of a thousand
stars they said I'm a beater learn I'm
thinking out loud maybe we found love
right where we are a little snippet of
the video that's on YouTube so just go
watch that yeah see you guys later
sorry about the short vlog today guys we
spent this weekend just hanging out
catching up on sleep and laundry and
just time together we did that that was
fun
just that hanging out you know laying on
the couch just doing nothing
wrestling tickling whatever we wanted to
do we didn't get the camera out too much
we apologize we're just kind of chillin
but we appreciate you guys watching we
will have a vlog tomorrow that'll be a
good one you can tune into that one and
watch with your eyeballs it's spring
break for us but mostly we're just doing
spring cleaning we're not going anywhere
we're just gonna hang out at home and
clean our house and be together so we
love you guys click on a video click on
yesterday's vlog don't forget to thumbs
up thanks for subscribing and thank you
to everybody who watched gavin's cover
of Ed Sheeran's song over a million
views he has a very talented young man
and we are so proud of all of our
children so we love you guys thanks for
the support we'll see you tomorrow bye
