I wash and daddy is he flying on the
airplane we were on airplane flying away
as income Wow it feels so good to be
home at what time it is it's 4:16 in the
morning I'm exhausted I am running on
fumes
all right guys we're getting ready for
the Mommy and Me shoot now good morning
believe this is our craft service I love
it this stuff is the best stuff this is
always happening what the Mahatma and my
favorite thing on this table are these
oh my gosh those mini peanut butter cups
there's we can't touch them at least
until after lunch right guys I want over
Bragman
know that I think I'll go for this
instead
tastes like chocolate alright ladies and
gentlemen here we are
it is 207 p.m. t minus 6 hours until
mommy tart and rock tart come all my
socks
mr. tattoo legs is excited too so every
time we've been hanging out with Charles
Trippy lately Brock's in love with
Charles's tattoos Charles thought it
would be funny to send him some sleeves
so now Brock has his own tattoo sleeves
and he's turned it into a mermaid skin
that way you are thanks Charles
you turned my son into a tattooed
mermaid thanks bro preciate it
and I got these dogs just add them to
the pile mom and dad are on a little
vacation so we're watching their puppies
we're wide you know puppies alright what
are you doing oh dude your head yeah
we're gonna flip flip you can't land on
your face that is a that's the worst
spot to land you're crazy
alright so Brock we gotta get the house
clean because when mom gets home we want
the house to be spotless just cleaned
out my truck that's the pile of things
that were in my truck mostly ski gear I
got to put that away
you gotta get miked up soon as can hear
us because we're like little mouses if
we don't talk to mister no I'm not on
the house what what's your must-haves oh
wait no you have to watch it sorry guys
I'm fine
would you find it again she's been
playing with this will for like ten
minutes some hats pins do miss daddy
distracted there's so many legs in here
we just crossed everyone's plate alright
so we're gonna start in the kitchen get
the dishwasher unloaded get everything
cleaned off and then we'll get to the
room first we got to clean up breakfast
let's go mermaid boy get over here and
help me crazy kid how many of you at
home do dishes huh
I'll just tell you right now dishes are
a thing I mean the rest your life like
you can never escape dishes just gonna
to get used to it I myself was a
dishwasher for an entire year at a
restaurant so I have washed dishes for a
living
I've been a professional dishwasher for
a year of my life so you're like Shay
how'd you get to where you are today I
washed dishes for an entire year here's
the secret you learn how to work you
learn to do the crappy jobs they're not
fun to do but you got to do them just to
get to the place that'll get you to the
doing the thing that you love that's it
right there anyway all right I gotta go
all right take the shoe shop with mom
and dad and he went straight for these I
did not tell him which ones to pick I
did not influence him in any way he went
for the black stilettos why wouldn't he
no you know I agree they're too high way
uncomfortable which ones is he gonna
pick now hey Gavin and your videos going
viral congratulations
run you out of art
oh just the cutest they want me to push
play again
okay daddy sent us a little message
look at the look on his face
no look at their real faces soon I
promise at me alright look at my little
my little crew this is my posse
these are my peeps
Cobar you rebel who knew you couldn't
take marshmallow guns through the
airport yesterday they're so happy to go
home and see his family so I've kept him
awake this long our flights at one
o'clock I'm trying to time it so that
he'll sleep on the flight that's always
the battle trying to get this baby to
fly happily here we go I can't wait to
see you honey and kids I miss you I
can't wait to hear about how everything
has gone and mom recites I did I feel
like this is gonna be a normal thing
because you know best living here we
definitely go back to LA for stuff let's
go back once a month I told you to put
your shark boots on good you listen to
me I'm thinking glad you're such a good
boy I think Brock has some pretty good
stuff easy there cowboy
a superhero or has some crazy outlet
ladies he's excited to see your mom what
are you doing walking in shadows
he's doing I'm gonna see Daxton
obscenities he's down I'm the kiss him
first
merci Bob
let's see Avia
careful
a favor
meet here at the airport and I
I drove my own part of the airport
covered
but
I'm here for you
inside me to mommy
is that in the camera
all right so somehow I became the the
interim between Cecily and Brock's
conversations Cecily keeps sending Brock
all these videos all day long and
they're not communicating back and forth
yes yeah it's under a video back and
tell her
Cecily found a rabbit cookie jar in the
garden and she sent in raqqa video send
her a video back you guys got her send
her a video back to tellers you want it
open
yeah let me help you guys okay no he has
to review it first maybe know it then
Cecily this isn't gonna last for a long
time okay I'm not gonna do this all day
every day your cute little games getting
awful
maybe I'll get Brock phone you guys can
just text back and forth okay we just
got an update from Cecily you ready Rock
you ready okay here let's watch ready
this is what happened what's in the
bunny let's see
do you like that message tells us we
thank you all right tell her she'll see
this gosh dang it the kids ran ahead
hello happy time now don't fight over
the baby
curly you look all snappy Cooper house
oh hey dude you know say so you leavin
notes for stampy cat on the whiteboard
of maker dude careful bro we're not
gonna bail you out of Guantanamo all
right hey hey look at these guys hi
collects cars at the airport but we just
came to see her anyways cuz we do love
her so now we're gonna go out to dinner
okay well race ya and we'll win because
we're dude all right on your marks oh
hey should we leave that there too we're
both purple is ready to take off and we
can some kind of get all the luggage huh
we're got the car seat might want that
in the future good thing there's not a
baby in it that have been really bad
let's call roll call do we have all the
animals she's seven cats how many does
he have
for five dogs five dogs Zeke Bronx
Jackson Kobe blondie Avia
Colette Brock in the little bike oh dude
you better get that toss fired that toss
tired what I meant to say is that tire
sod I think all the animals are
accountable for I don't know there's too
many to count it seems like at this
point hello green eyes you're a bucket a
and all is right with the world once
again as the Shaytards live happily ever
after thanks for watching guys if you
have not seen
Gavin's cover of edy surance thinking
out loud be sure to check it out thank
you for to over the seventy five
thousand of you who have given it a
thumbs up that's incredible that's
almost like triple the amount of thumbs
up a Shaytards log usually gets so thank
you guys we appreciate the support and
we'll see you on Monday we're so happy
back together again and we're just gonna
spend the weekend as a family shooting
guns it's tough
