we're making enchiladas that are not
actually for tonight they're for
Thursday night but I'm going to be in
California I'm just helping with a
dinners it's at our church I'm making no
say in New York City there's tipping hey
I'm gonna jump here we are in Soho the
soho stand for south of Houston Street I
think that's what it stands for I forgot
my macbook pro charger in Los Angeles so
my computer's dead I got to go to the
Apple store right now to get a computer
charger so I can plug my computer in so
it'll turn back on so I can finish
editing the vlog and upload it to
youtube back on such a dark
I got like 80% of it edited on the
flight and then I got to the hotel room
and I was about to finish it where's my
computer cord I couldn't find it and my
battery's like on 8% till 6:00 this
morning is I had to wait till the apples
toriel things we can go to chargers who
did complaining about things that don't
matter
my question is have any of you that live
in New York have any of you bought any
tricks and stuff because I want to think
that this is the first time that tricks
and clothing is walking around the
streets of New York
you got a shirt and you live in New York
and thanks for the shoutout
and I think I'm like right in like the
really nice shopping just seeing all
these like nice clothing stores here
yeah we're going to get at Rick's in
store here I think right there that's
where the trixin is going oh that's
where Ralph hangs out that's Ralph's
place so I'm right here on Prince Street
look this is the Apple store does that
look like an Apple store to you wait
wait wait wait there it is there's the
Apple it's weird it's like I bet you
there's like covenants in this
neighborhood you can't have like big
corporate stuff all right
Sunday morning you guys look so handsome
what I'm gonna getcha I'm gonna be good
yeah you guys look so handsome
Jackson do your hair let me look oh man
okay I'll fix it break it oh my god he
stopped putting blush brush in his hair
right I know but you're gonna get jail
on it
all right Sunday morning without Shea
was not very successful so we're going
late we're going to Grandma's church
instead of ours because our starts
earlier than her and we totally missed
our so we're gonna and it would be nice
okay whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa why do you
want it well why are you doing different
colors blue
it's beautiful let's see just don't get
it on the carpet okay I don't that's
right that's good I like it I like it
oh wow hahahaha cool they have a theater
in this Apple store holy crap what time
does the movie start all right so I got
my charger I'm gonna run back to the
hotel and finish editing and upload but
first I'm gonna go put the Shaytards
channel page on all the Mac books down
there hmmmm this is one of Jackson's
favorite foods do I'd fun hey ah there
you go
yellow blueberry face and I've you got
more whoops a little bit to attend swing
you got more show me more how do you do
more more I give you more here blueberry
say thank you mom thank you cuz I got
blue bear in my mouth mom I can't say
thank you
now they're gonna see me you guys going
applesauce up at the Shaytards on the
computer did it get a shot this is what
dachshund does when he wakes at home now
hmm
he attacks my face oh you're so snuggly
just never bunny oh geez yeah mm-hmm you
just like wrestles my face it's really
funny seriously it's so fun being a mom
you guys should try it it's pretty
awesome
oh this is a good kiss he goes oh I love
you hey do miss your daddy I miss your
daddy yet yeah where's daddy yeah I
don't know please him too huh how are
you guys today did some grocery shopping
we're making enchiladas that are not
actually for tonight they're for
Thursday night but I'm going to be in
California I'm just helping with a
dinners it's at our church I'm making no
kidding Shay
all right well that one's for you Shay
you can cut that out
sure you guys I'm not worried
like could not have had a better team
the camera boom dang it I missed it I
don't think I got it dude I are your
face mascara net goner you were to be
like hoodie I know I should have a
hoodie up that's right maybe there's a
pretty cool logo oh right I got to come
up with you know wearing this nice
merchandise okay take it dinner time
it's a naked dinner time yes why would
we wear clothes if we're just getting
dirty again
ah we're having pork chops now Josh
actually there's no applesauce on this
table but there's pork chop it's like
pork chops with some lettuce and some
burnt vegetables and some right it's not
awesome but it's edible and that's why
we're eating it you like it did I do
okay
no okay thanks for covering your mouth
yeah tastes like it's supposed to be
cilantro lime rice but I think it's just
wine rice it's very limey
they're very lucky you don't like it or
you'd you like notice how she didn't say
no okay I think that's a plus yes like
it good all the part I don't like about
your best pie is the vegetable well I
burned him so you don't have to know
what your nose Anita how did you like it
here sweetie
that's why I love having nieces they
make me feel better when my kids are
like well it's okay MA it's okay you
like it
except the vegetables winning can we
have chicken cuz I'm making chicken
enchiladas for an activity the ladies in
our church are having a birthday party
to celebrate 100 years of Relief Society
or not a hundred years but they're there
next year Relief Society so I'm making
enchiladas for them okay you recognize
these two oh yeah yeah where they are
oh the Canadian saying good or what I'm
just like
from ear to ear it's a good day she was
stressing he was super stressed
we're making a movie fine let's get like
we'll explain more to you whenever how
should we do it okay we're here we're
here there's a big thing we're still out
of we do it we did we Sai Natha yes we
can't sign nothing hell you quite yet
but we're here together it's happening
but the reason that we haven't been able
to give you guys an update is because
we've been waiting long
uses yeah okay well we couldn't tell you
because the thing okay
so I'll cut to the chase a little bit we
found uh probably the very best
documentary production company in the
business to help us finish the movie
best company anyways alright so we will
tell you very soon but and it's not it's
not months no it's not your likes a week
yeah weeks weeks weeks me exceeds bikes
weeks more pressing label tell you
immediately we have to be where we're
going in three minutes and it's a six
minute walks we gotta go co-op what make
it a movie I check out our movie when it
comes out don't get run over so we
wanted to go outside so I just let him
go I was exploring his world barefoot in
his pajamas she wants to go up there
with the other kids
but alas hi I love you where are you
going don't fall in that Hall I'm such a
good parent well figure it out if he
does bye Oh kitty your bye bye kitty
where's your kitty oh there we go
there's a kitty hi kitty bye-bye so cute
oh oh
he's afraid of the cat now it's okay Oh
mommy's coming to thank you it's just a
kitty honey is just icky kitty he's a
nice kid he denies Oh
makini walked by him and he just started
freaking out
he likes the cats as long as I keep
their distance there's just a little
kitty
the keys are nice they love you ya can
use your knife you're soft
so sad she's so cute hey there's a kitty
uncle pepper kitty mmm
miss Phinney let's go pet the kid okay
come on wipe your tears okay
doesn't this the same shot why no but we
did the meeting now like it looks the
same no it's okay we just got out of the
thing I just I was gonna say I you know
when you do something when I used to
jump off of cliffs on my skis you get
that huge adrenaline and you talk to the
clip and you're like and you're like all
that adrenaline dump your sling oh I
didn't sleep last night
that was a huge adrenaline rush and now
I'm exhausted I just feel like I'm so
glad that's done it was a good meeting
it was great good feeling if you wanted
to have that me uh two and half years
yep I mean we had a little air places
aside gone anyways I I feel I feel
inspired relieved relaxed hopeful all
those things so good all those things
the movie is getting man that's a big
this is a big new chapter it really is
and listen I know you guys are
frustrated cuz you're like where's the
movie it will be so much better because
I took us this long yeah a good
documentary shows a process of time if
documentary doesn't notice too you know
no we wanted to be done with it I'm glad
we're not hindsight's 120 120 that's
really clear when your site 120 huh no
trust me that's how clear it is now I
can see it it's so it worked out exactly
how it's supposed to
don't worry it's gonna be good you're
gonna see it you're gonna be your lag if
we hadn't taken this long vlog you men
re or I'm blogging there would have been
the quick snapshot 2013 yep it is no
longer than this will be the YouTube
documentary I'm saying that right now
out loud
there's a wall all right let's go get
someone there's other good ones too
dando be looking at you
all right let's go get some lunch I
don't think this kitty wants to be pet
cat kitty kitty kitty kitty come here
honey come here come on come here look
can you get the kitty look ah yeah see
see what is nice you're doing to try to
pet the kitty no okay I got you this
bottom lip
good good bug emit current mood oh I'm
done man oh wow I'm still awake it's
6:45 at night now Sun is setting
if you remember from yesterday's vlog I
got here and didn't go to sleep and then
Corey showed up here and then we did a
huge meeting about the movie and in the
last 72 hours I've had 10 hours of sleep
and I get any last night the night
before I got like 5 and I had a huge
thing the date this has been these last
72 hours the things that have happened
are huge I can't wait to tell you about
them
so exhausted I'm gonna get in this bed
probably right up and just go to bed um
I texted Jackson Harris you might come
over hang out I texted a few other of my
friends that I have in New York a figure
I'm here I might as well try to hang out
some people I know so I might hang out
some folks tonight we'll see I'm gonna
lay down don't go nowhere now you hear
I'll be back shortly baby better it'll
be a second hey guys I just edited this
vlog on the plane I'm driving back to
Idaho right now what a crazy 72 hours
that was I'm so excited to go back home
but sad news Colette's in Los Angeles
shooting for the mom to view so we'll
just leave me in the kids but she'll be
back home on Friday also thanks for
everybody for being patient about
vlogging mentary like I said a week or
two weeks we should be able to have a
press release about the announcement but
the thing happened that we needed to
have happen happen so very good news in
the progression of the movie very
excited so excited more excited than oh
man you have no idea how anxious I've
been for that to happen so very happy
love you guys thanks for this poor click
on a video and we'll see you tomorrow
sorry the vlog was late
