which one do you like fracking I like
did you want to try to help Pina one no
you don't want to try it do you like
these runs good
oh oh you just tried the jalapeno white
cheddar you like it you need a drink
I'll give him a drink oh my goodness
gracious hallelujah praise the Lord
above yeah here is mr. hi I'm Ronald
Eriksson we are on the beaches of Venice
sunny Southern California winter it's
March
85 degrees what is it it's I heard
yesterday that there was a record they
broke a record four feet yeah for the
hotness all of our waters going away I
mean I think it's a real issue
can we all admit that global warming
could possibly be a thing and that we
should just like let's just listen
listen listen let's just think about
like maybe a few things we can do to not
kill ourselves that good advice just
don't flush the toilet when you pee
that's right let's brown flush it down
if it's yellow let it Mellow ha ha ha
we're gonna make that a bumper sticker
check out 999 links below all right we
are going on a beach run in our bare
feet we not have shoes out we're doing
I'm not gonna show let's do this truck
so they try to park but oh you almost
got it here's okay let's go run you
ready I'm sorry we're going to run on
the beach but it is doing what did Oh
busted is that the city that you're
going yeah oh crap go clean it oh you
don't get the CD so I had to move the
computer downstairs
long story anyway the Internet's better
right here in the utility room so that's
where the computer is so that I can send
footage to Shay
well the vlogs that's how we do it here
at the Shay Todd's hey your little
shades odd how are ya how are you today
oh ho you're gonna snuggle me he's been
so snuggly lately it's the bad hey can I
have a kiss have a kiss kisses kisses
mmm I could probably make a really long
video of just all the time T oh thank
you and I get a kiss out of somebody's
little booger oh don't deny your mother
today we are missing Shay we're getting
a lot done good you want a kiss now you
want to take back your rudeness give me
kiss now kisses please please kisses
let's go cuddle me I'll take that all
right we're here we did it did it run we
did the hard part I told him this is the
easy part the hard part is getting here
the hard part is getting your feet on
the sand once you get there and the rest
is fun did you know we're probably gonna
run a couple miles today but still a
mess yeah
people running how ironic is now me and
Ron ran the LA Marathon together making
it there yeah the LA Marathon is today
no it's sweet you're watching a special
message from Cecily she is one of the
Pooh Bear toys that she has been
babysitting for the kids too miss Cecily
oh thanks I wanna test me what are you
eating
are you eating a bigger than pineapple
you will nature baby sit down the nature
box baby because I eat bigger and
pineapple breakfast come here yep oh
here hurt so bad habit let your kids
walk on the table
I don't want to get down with this one
sour cream and onion almonds oh yeah hey
I'd gone to two exact women okay let's
I'm gonna cut and we're gonna start over
without being all on the table can we do
that okay ready and cut Ronnie it's good
to be on this Sunday date with you
Shea plus Ron we've been here before Ron
I've been here a couple times we've
actually made a workout video right here
remember that shayloss run video we did
with Casey yeah we came we just ran to
hear him back her Logan Logan was there
yeah because I remember Logan couldn't
walk for like two days cuz we ran in the
sand and it's really hard on your legs
so we just ran about a mile and a half I
think it's a mile and a half from the
pier this is like the wall that goes
into Marina del Rey
that's the Venice pier then past that's
the Santa Monica Pier there are little
pieces of our fat Ron spread up and down
this beach from the Santa Monica Pier to
the marina de El Rey wall it's beautiful
it really is don't step in those little
pieces of fat they'll get stuck in your
toes so I'm headed home excited to seek
letting the kids throughout the table
now good job guys good job
we're just digging into the nature Bob
what is this one jalapeno white cheddar
popcorn yes you want to try that one oh
you know what a jalapeno is first bike
oh my oh my gosh you know those those
yogurt-covered pretzels try it
have you tried those one yeah so besides
the Big Island pineapple what is your
favorite one
geez the sour cream moment yeah
let me test that for you
yep let's open the jalapeno white
cheddar popcorn all right what did you
think about the white cheddar jalapeno
popcorn it's spicy sour spicy dance
tough worker man with the tattoos is
doing a spicy dance I actually really
like the hella Pina once I've been
really into jalapenos lately the
jalapeno is white cheddar popping with
just a kick of jalapeno I really like it
you're gonna try it this kind of spicy
hot cheetos so naturally okay so for a
hot cheeto lover
what would you say I'm the spicy
skillets good like for lunch 10 like 4
stick a 4 of the spicy scaled you like
it yeah which one do you like fracking
not the jalapeno one no I like those are
so good
did you want to kind of jalapeno one no
you don't want to try it do you like
these runs did you just flash a good
you're gonna get spice 200 you just
tried the jalapeno white cheddar
you like it you need a drink
you need a drink I'll give him a drink
go get a drink here put those back let's
go back what about what I'm at hurry we
need to drink the milk ok here's your
drink of milk you jalapeno cheddar
oh it's milk it's nippy one drink Hey
Valentine girls okay so we have an
update on the helping your white cheddar
popcorn it wasn't a slice
and actually a few seconds it properly I
see you go oh my god how are you -
cinnamon shit so it's a town if you want
really spicy stuff I'm okay that one's
really pretty
ok here we are my 3 and a half in the
sand filling it every time you step you
lose all your bounce because the sand
just like absorbs all that energy so
it's like every step like three steps ok
ready Ron Ron said at this pole we're
gonna sprint to the pier here we go
that's like long wait
hey guys I can't turn the camera I'm
sprinting let's go run up oh yeah that
was further than expected it's like
let's run to the pier then you go 200
yards in the sand sprinting and you are
dead oh heavens
under the Venice pier where it all
started a boy don't throw up all right
we were just winding down and trying to
figure out what movie were gonna watch
on what snacks we're gonna eat and I
found this the chocolate hazelnut
granola which I don't think I've tried
we've probably got it before but I've
never tried it
okay let's see if we like it from here
yes let me try it mother you like it
dark well anything that has chocolate
and it is pretty cool yeah you want to
try it
I asked Rockwood in it chocolate
hazelnut granola no or vacuums yes we
have a shot back in our everything guys
don't mind what we just spit it out
sunny we're eating Kiwis quinoa what
he's making wrong haha we're making
quinoa it's not done yet I'm still
making it okay I know you do
you know what else I think you don't
love mini Belgian waffles No
get that back this is Robin
all right I'm gonna give me one good
gonna try it it's a mini Belgian waffle
you have to try it oh I want to put a
little strawberry look look like a lot
of holes these llamas Prabhas Hey look
like woof cheerio me yes they do there
are there are they are waffles these are
waffles oh no I wanna see you can't see
like them you're good p.m. let's get
some strawberries and whipped cream ah
yeah he's like like pancakes I'm gonna
put syrup on stop waffles mister oh okay
Brock yeah anyways what movie should we
watch ok game no watching the nature box
movie hmm we're still I just made it a
lot of things alright importing footage
for the vlog gotta take a quick shower
and then catch an airport we're out of
here Taylor you watch the place for us
bunch of sweetie thanks go go doll face
like them anyways uh kind of hurry I'm
late I got to get the shower ok let's go
yes I'm filming now ok what your waffle
Oh some melted whipped cream with an
awesome chocolate I'm gonna play a
random
yeah what are you carrying cohdon well I
guess I'll try it hmm that's actually
very good thank you guys motley thank
you anything there you go boy you guys
are so much mmm thanks honey anything
I'll take an order for you um good nap
time
can I have that sure but that means
because you watch Mockingjay nah what's
another okay I was just about to fly
home to Idaho but I have to make a
detour I'm flying right now to New York
City instead of Idaho it's a it's a
little different location geographically
speaking longitude early and latter
generally speaking also it's yeah I'm
flying to New York tell you soon why
I'll tell you right now I'm gonna meet
with Gwen by della talk about funky
mentor the Bovie kid onna make your own
motivation get unstuck I think it's time
to change the station
how much can I rest when his life is
just a breath I can erase regret if I
just put in my best I'm a pump it into
my chest it's not a warrior
this bird is leaving
wonderful visions of future time but you
got us down the
I'm coming in last I'm one of the
fastest watching PK take easier I am you
cannot break you here this is going to
be my deal
oh he's again wheeze again mommy you can
eat too honey
she always steps back and lets her
kittens eat first it's not the way of a
mother as soon as they're fed then you
get to eat that is how it goes yeah I'm
talking to you guys give your mom a
chance huh oh the life of a mother is
tough but it is beautiful and I love it
but yeah get in there and get some food
for golly sakes it looks all happy oh
look it's the pinwheel of kitties oh
whoops I tripped and now I'm in New York
City uh it's a crazy life it's great I
just flew across the country
oh look it's morning time now alright so
my flight in Los Angeles was delayed
five hours because apparently at JFK
they had a lot of wind and construction
on their one runway and so I didn't get
here till 3:00 in the morning and the
taxi line at JFK just to get a taxi was
two and a half hours long they don't
even have lines at Disneyland that long
and I was like oh my gosh so I got I
figured out I'm I'm I don't know how to
get on the subway I figured out how to
get on the subway I got out of JFK and I
found some Street and then I finally got
a cab and then I got here at my hotel
like 4:30 in the morning
I just took a shower I haven't been to
sleep and now the Sun is setting so this
still counts is the same day because I
have not fallen asleep yet but look at
the sunrise I love that look at the flag
oh say can you see by the dawn's early
light what so proudly alright I love you
America I love you guys what a what a
life
see you tomorrow MA oh and you better
tune in tomorrow because I'm gonna have
some some really cool updates about the
documentary that I'm working on called
vlog you mentor II have I told you is
about that yeah I'm making a movie and
I'm here in New York for a big meeting
about that so tune in to
tomorrow to find out more Oh also all
eight brand new tricks and designs just
dropped just structure to not come legs
blow oh also naturebox.com/tyler darts I
got too many things alright thank you
for your support
goodbye I wonder why I started this
settle but before I give up before I
give in I love to our friends and stars
and he said you gotta go you gotta get
up and go before you get anywhere
