oh we got another wrestling match going
on right here I brought no no fun log in
here pull Bay back just finish CrossFit
hey there's a hard one today all right
have a good day at school
we'll see you later can you get home by
yourself can you take the bus home
listen there's a City Transit bus that
picks up on the corner
mom's gonna give you 50 cents and you
just put the money in the bus and we'll
take you home kay
can you imagine can you do that Let me
kiss love you have a good day at school
okay and have you okay have a good day
bus transit right now I'm gonna get on
the bus and ride home think you can do
that by yourself
all by herself I love you baby
joking I'm coming to get you we're going
to pick up mammy she got neutered
yesterday spayed
whatever she can't have no more babies
snowman no more babies go get our kitty
cats go let's go get her kitty cats your
Kiki he thinks this is bunny you know
funny I'm hilarious I bet you guys
didn't know I was that funny huh it's
not funny hey that's funny good huh my
hilarious
is daddy hilarious so yes dad you're
hilarious all right here she is how you
feeling mama you're right little bit
little loopy I'm gonna see your kitties
her kittens were looking for her last
night I know they were they're out there
look very them hey mama mama won't go
home
ya gonna call me see your kitties your
what
yo yo yo baby you know what time it is
baby you got a watch baby oh can you
look at the Sun to determine the time of
day by the shadows it cat baby can you
do that I don't think you can so I'm
gonna tell you what time it is it's car
cleaning time boy yes
Oh Janie got her girl
yes yes hey in my end slate yesterday I
was talking about sending you an email
to schedule some baby-making time
because we have six boxes in the end
slate and usually each traditionally the
end slate boxes are a skid we only have
five kids shoot damn it dawn we're gonna
do about that Oh seven cat
turn around I like that shirt don't you
cheese please hit me turn around real
quick yeah turn around let me see what's
on the back jacket and a Z I like dried
you thing in the cutout No
smart aleck smart aleck I'm going upload
the vlog all right we ready for this are
you nervous
I think Gavin's nervous he's getting a
little snappy with his sisters you ready
to wrestle yeah talk to me you nervous
dude you're gonna kick his butt all
right you can be fast you're gonna be
strong gonna be tough you can be
aggressive all right
you could beat him up I bet well you
undo your hair
I'm gonna fix into the mohawk man you
love you fix daddy's hair
if daddy's hair thank you all right
let's go we're going to Gavin's
wrestling match
run away stroller run away stroller oh
you saved that baby's life can I just
show you the cutest little this you not
you play that varsity jacket baby be for
Butler go WrestleMania Russell your mom
right now
Peter no hurry you look cute I love you
I'm in love with you ought to take you
to the high school prom if you if you'd
accept my candy poster board I would why
did you gave me lots of chocolate
Brock watch for cars watch for cars he's
such a good little brother good brother
thanks for helping yes he's pretty good
I guess
oh all right gap you ready let's go dude
get aggressive
Oh
sharply say
he just wanted a pep talk to
we put
gonna go wrestle
good job good job in City champ you got
it what are you doing well I know light
here we go first up is gage my nephew
Casey my brother's son is about to
wrestle there's my dad there's my son
there's my other nephew hey Cooper
is tasty here we go gage here we go get
him oh man wrestling's hard I know it
makes you feel bad if you want to go out
there and like help your kid huh
go gage it's go gage all right gage keep
fighting dude keep fighting look at
Grandma watch grandma over there grandma
gets the most intense
let's just watch grandma's reaction for
a minute I want to try to get gage and
grandma in the shop
Oh
but better moving around like she wants
to get out there and wrestle this is my
mom all growing up when I was a kid at
every single one of my sporting events
on the edge of her seat
screaming at me cheering for me always
there supporting me now she hit now she
has support her grandkids get him gage
get him get him on his back Oh most add
him on his back get a gauge get him Oh
gauge gave the kid a bloody nose there's
blood on the mat Casey here's some water
we got a sponge and a cold press
good job gage keep fighting dude keep
fighting there's Gavin opener all right
they had to stop the match because the
kid that gage was wrestling got a bloody
nose you guys we're gonna get in trouble
get off Cooper and Brock
brats gonna be a good wrestler
oh we got another wrestling match going
on right here
iced Bronx no don't punch alright here
we go again
got the blood off the mat gage is going
for a takedown Oh nicely so gay keep
fighting buddy and lost by coins versus
for 12 to 5 Yahoo we get points for
bloody in his nose
nice job gage case is going through some
post match coaching shown them gage
wrestles again do you get tired
hey God getting ready dude there it is
good job got a medal look drop off some
medals so bad
Brock jealous like I want one of those
give that medal back to him I know but
you didn't earn it you have to earn a
medal gage earn a bag can you bounce
that was nice to you you're tough man
you want a wrestle brah
alright well sign you up baseball well I
guess I'm getting my first taste of
wrestling matches
have that out say we're not we have been
waiting here for how
30 now and they're still doing fourth
grade so he's close we're almost a fifth
grade but I guess it's probably been a
learning experience watching everyone
right
I'm excited I'm excited I'm bummed the
sheiks happy here he had to go to a
tricks and meeting and be with all those
guys so we will film everything babe and
see it see you hey he's just hanging
there love monkey boy it's yeah he was
saying in there with his little feet up
do you wish you were wrestling this year
to do maybe next year will hit you in
wrestling if you like it will get you in
wrestling next year okay I'm sure you do
it you're gonna get a soccer shirt
you're going to get a soccer shirt what
is on your arm
I don't know things you get on your arm
when you're in a school look at this
grave Little Toaster
it helps your knee on the handrail
in Sofia
see you later I'm glad you never get too
far from me are you
oh it's yours you proposed with
Christophe all right they just called
the fifth-graders
good luck and we'll catch you in front
of everyone but go get them okay I did
want to kiss him get ready
yeah
Oh
alright you just barely finished the
last one you do it another one he's
going to be tired
yeah
my Kevin
come on Gabi get out of there
okay the girls have a performance for
you oh you get to beam into the girls
have a performance for you
we know that was really tough to
Broadway home matches meet I don't know
what your problem two rounds - yep
anyways the girls have something special
for you okay we're ready
oh gosh oh
that's it good job guys
does that make it all worth it sure sure
okay here I am I broke into Logan's
house what Mears is girlfriend okay
always good I had to break in because I
had to go pee really bad a meeting those
guys here at Logan's apartment Sam again
them but check it out I was coming to
pee and I saw Logan rub this on his
mirror how do you motivate yourself if
you ever write something on the mirror
that's a lot that's a big motivation too
big mirror Logan got some sharp ian
decided to motivate himself stuff like
that works you wake up and you look at
that you're like oh yeah I remember how
I felt when I wrote that on there and
then it reminds you like oh yeah I'm
gonna go hard I'm I have a dream I have
a I have things that I'm working towards
what am i doing why am I wasting my time
watching hours of Netflix and Shaytards
just kidding you watch the girls
but I need to fulfill my dreams and so
you need to remind yourself that oh yeah
I want to do amazing things in this
world and it's hard it's hard to stay
motivated every day I wake up I don't
feel like alright let's get them boys
I'm like oh I don't wanna what but I
remember you guys I know that you're
watching and I want to motivate you and
I want to motivate my kids and everybody
around me that's what motivates me what
motivates you
just like in Ron's song this is my year
you have to make your own motivation
just decide inside you that you want to
be motivated you want to do things great
things in your life you can I should
turn Mogens lights off he's a poor
college kid hello Darrin she's trying to
sleep with a spider now hey boy
yeah or salmon Jenica Genesis bring the
baby down - Sam had to go to the
warehouse
goodbye what's up buddy good to see you
love it
sit here's the salmon Jenna cos new
house we're just in here let's steal see
stop we're gonna steal just come here
what do baby clothes I got lots of
babies I'm gonna take this sorry Sammy
genic I'm taking this cake look at Sam
Sam such a shirt guy is from Chicago
Jordan dude that will fit you you want
that man baby you can have that oh you
did dude alright look at those hats hats
on hats on heads
there they are wow that's cool to see
the whole lineup ducking dicka dicka
dicka DD but dude worshipping the hats
out and if you're lucky you get some
stickers on your box when we send it if
your luck - what happened to that tricks
inside de Hong climb up there and fix it
direct Baghdad no oh the tape here is
taped it up there the duct tape fella
nothing but quality here at tricks and
duct tape banners thinking nails but you
know water goes through yeah I'm not a
good idea
dude alright so we're just getting ready
tonight we have a big photo shoot
tomorrow because we have a lot of new
designs come and it will want to show
you so that take pictures of them News
at Ten
local comments on the recent Shaytards
vlog or said to have said absentee
father leaves his sons wrestling match
to pursue his stupid merch company where
he will exploit his name and family to
indulge in the riches actually you guys
know how ducktales is coming out you
guys hear that ducktales woo it's
actually me
hi I'm Scrooge McDuck and I'm gonna be
swimming through gold baby
no that's I'm joking listen I'm editing
this vlog right now and I dislike
watching Gavin like struggle I just
called him I just got off the phone with
Gavin why
did you I have to tell you know I'm in
Los Angeles right now we're really
getting where we're opening up in this
end slate I like this end slate by the
way look at my handsome son right there
anyways I'm in Los Angeles I'm headed
home tonight don't worry about it it's
one of those things where I can't tell
you about it yet I know you hate that I
hate it too I can't tell you yet I'm
flying home tonight had a very big
meeting today concerning yes if you're
wondering the phone call that I showed a
little bit of yesterday it required a
quick flight to LA so I'm here but you
know I'm editing this vlog and I'm
watching that and thinking man and I
tweeted I tweeted this because as I was
you know driving to Utah to meet with
the tricks and crew to you know start
this business like I this is something
that I hope you guys see this like I'm
not trying to make a bunch of money yeah
obviously I want to help my family but
anyways I tweeted excited about new
projects but I need to remember a bulk
of my time and effort should go into
raising five rookie humanoids how to be
good people
I tweeted that it took me an hour and a
half on my drive to Utah I was thinking
like what's a good tweet because I
really I need to I want to put something
down to remind myself what my priorities
are you know cuz I have this
overwhelming thought as I left you know
like the wrestling match to head to Utah
to do this other project I'm like man
there's so many opportunities that are
coming my way right now I just need to
be careful you know like my kids right
now at this time you know like such a
developmental age it's like I need to be
there this is a long it's like wow is
anybody still listening this is so raw
is this raw and edgy and real I think it
is this is really how I feel uh that's
why this is so great I'll see you on
Monday it's Saturday right now right now
Saturday and I'll fill you in more as I
know it as I can tell you so check out
yesterday's vlog lay on a VLAN on you
button that's what I like about the lung
and say it's like I don't care people
have clicked off some people are still
hanging out that's cool you want to go
watch other videos fine we're gonna hang
on the inside for well I can do this
however long I want 45 minutes I why not
it's freaking my video and that's a
great thing about you do I really think
we're going to tricks and is going to
turn to something cool it's it is I'm
very passionate about it I'm excited
about it the team like I love the team
the crew
Dejan Jared Breedlove in like it's it's
clicking it's fun like we like doing it
and it's just that's the best of both
worlds you know when you feel like we're
passionate about this we want to make it
better we want to be a part of this and
we hope you guys support okay I'm
leaving now I'll see you later click
thumbs up or something bye
