alright ladies and gentlemen Brock
Butler is ready to show how fast he can
run on your marks get set go whoa it's
like a lightning bolt do you guys miss
your mommy she'll be back
she'll be back later tonight or tomorrow
okay
your mom will be back guys she'll be
back soon you're so cute
Katie bye I love you I'm freaking him
fall in love with these guys I admit it
I like cats kind of I'm definitely nicer
to the ones that are like nice to me
like that white one he'll come to me if
I go out and I call him he'll come to me
almost every time so he's my favorite
also quick heads up I got two words for
you vid con you guys we're gonna be at
VidCon again for the sixth year this
summer it's at the end of July I think
and we're bringing everybody all the
kids my mom and dad Logan all the
siblings the entire Trix and Butler crew
is gonna be at VidCon this year so if
you're not doing anything this summer
and you want to come hang out in Anaheim
right next to Disneyland and see us and
get a selfie then get online and get
your tickets now cuz they're gonna sell
out soon
VidCon will sell out you know it's the
biggest it's the biggest YouTube
convention there is it'll sell out
probably the next couple weeks so get a
ticket now dude dude dude so excited I
was just about to get the shower but
then Logan called cuz he's coming up
yeah my house you boxer prompter Logan
has a pitch he has a tricks and package
for me I'm excited to see the new stuff
what's up little bro what do you got you
do that's
what do you got no you did no I don't
lie to the folks at home do not lie to
people
guys check it out yeah like that I like
the Heather blue yeah cider
I got tricks and stuff did you like make
a little package for me oh yeah it's
cute look at you you like a little box
together yeah yeah got some tricks and
goodies dude
all wrapped up like every single that
every single one every single one okay
you guys - listen i'ma show these right
now okay just and them are secretly
releasing one hat per day on the tricks
and website it's interesting to see
these now because we were like looking
at these on design maybe that's hard
I like the black man I'm I don't know I
go bye you guys
settle an argument for us this was a big
debate in the tricks and family so Logan
went with black tricks and riding with a
green logo you know I thought what if it
was green riding so it was like not as
like obvious but then the logo was black
what do you like better it's up in the
air be honest don't just pick me because
you all liked me better we all don't
even like me what design do you like
better do you like the black trixin or
the green trixin anyways those are the
two camo options I'm gonna wear those
tonight Oh whom they haven't seen that
one yet yellow or whoops-a-daisy what's
that it's blue gusta Rojo
Oh in a classic gray but wait we saved
the best for last point that is Papa's
that's fresh as they say in the Hat biz
boom hey hey guys hey guys guys guys
guys guys she did she done roundoff back
handspring you are at the thing oh yeah
ding dong seeing a man loves ding-a-ling
along okay here go upstairs and it's
Harley go to your makeup and your hair
okay here go go blogger I know
one mission up our ears geez
can you help us downstairs
I'll make up raising hair and makeup
girls like so I go hey first thing you
need when you do your ponytails the best
hairspray in the world next thing you
know someone who knows what the heck
they're doing
it's easy of course want it cold or
straight the pressure is on we have four
minutes get these girls intact is your
sarong good yes get it on there get on
others look at her eye shadow with Tila
that's already close did you show this
to see that look at this you guys but in
electronic placements in this video we
do win wipe off your makeup oh it's like
Oh over here alright let's talk about
sports shoes that's more my retro page
alright brought got some new soccer
cleats and Gavin has some wrestling
shoes he has his first meet this coming
weekend are you nervous
when you see that boy when you see that
kid that you're wrestling for the first
time dude it's all about intimidation
I'm serious you walk into the room you
see that guy you look at him like give
him a look give him the eyes you
intimidate him you get in his head and
he'll be scared right when that whistle
blows you attack you rascal what you
want to prove it
wanna see how fast you can run all right
let's go outside right now we're gonna
go do some running practice all right
Zeke is back from getting the snip snip
how you feeling bud all right how do
they look they're gone huh I don't know
I should show you guys I'm not going to
show you it's too sad all right ladies
and gentlemen Brock Butler is ready to
show how fast you can run on
marks get set go whoa it's like a
lightning bolt I can't even keep up with
him fast oh my gosh it's like smokes
coming out of the back of his feet he's
incredibly fast ladies and gentlemen I
think he's gonna go straight to the
Olympics gold medal winner Brock Butler
dude that was fast
oh that's hard to keep up like flash
hi-yah all right flash there he goes
get him Jackson here comes the flash
here he comes
on your marks get set go Jack they go he
come he's so fast yeah go back up the
hill back up the hill Jackson get him
can't have Jackson good job buddy you
want a medal
all right I'm actually gonna show you
one other thing I'm not supposed to show
you yet but I want to so I get to repeat
like daddy's new shirt Wow looks good
huh I see daddy do a trick where this
new shirt you go back flip
that good yes ma'am all right after
looks good looks cute so you can do a
roundoff back handspring all right your
little hearts out I'm one of you okay
they're ready now I'm going to go find a
seat so I don't miss any performances
like I did last time I don't know if I
have this to your mom thing down guys
just breathe I think if you just don't
take yourself too seriously and don't
overly stress about the little thing
it's fine
okay now I have to hide I'm down here
with all the cheerleaders and I'm not
wearing red so I'm reading through
today's comments might guess Guns
N'Roses sing take me to the pair I knew
that I knew guns and roses I'm dumb hey
it's Jeff for your sister now
we cheer for both go right here goes a
bo
alright ladies and gentlemen let's slow
it down to do a little video forensics
if we watch closely
a vias hand slips on a poorly placed
pom-pom but here comes the best part
watch ABS mouth holy crap
now watch your look at Braley like what
the heck just and even though that did
look painful we should watch it a few
more times
get it get it get it nice and a girl
maybe all she's excited she landed that
oh look let's go to mommy tarts camera
now nailed it
roundoff back handspring thank your aunt
Carly for helping here
Carly's talking to job ray
these guys wanted to be in the blog they
watch the videos stay with my son all
right young ladies yeah
bye guys dude the cheerleaders were
already trying to hit on you bro slow
down geez all right ladies you did great
give us five nice job no way about to
dinner
everybody wants a snack we have to go
out to dinner first can you see that
Venus gave me like this yeah we're gonna
go eat dinner we're not eating snacks no
snacks dinner no treats Applebee's
it's an Applebee's night it's an
Applebee's night with Carly and Kaylee
and lalala you the laughs we'll get one
of those tonight all right how's dinner
ladies and gentlemen you guys eaten huh
yeah
gage no secrets around here bro you
picking your nose is she wearing a cool
hat put your deep Caesar salad yeah nice
order what is that strawberries and
cream yeah you guys it's yogurt you know
is yogurt yeah it's good for you has
like antibiotics in cultures and like
probiotics and stuff oh you try it
sometime all right thanks for watching
today's Shaytards vlog look at that in
Slate that's a hot fresh and slate one
two three four five six looks like it's
about time to schedule another baby I'm
gonna have to send that wife of mine an
email and see if I can uh schedule some
bait knit things check click yes sir
something's cutting up
this is not subliminal messaging this is
purposeful methergine okay by tima
