we got a play I'm gonna read a story you
want to read a story hasn't obey your
right away forgot to pray you'll have to
wash dishes are you gonna do it from now
on
hey hey guys all right let's see what's
going on over here you guys makin stuff
I'm making a book my a bookmark nice I
always love these things when I was
little for the weirdest things and it
was kind of sad because once you bent
them they could never get straight again
I can never get them as straight as they
are when they come out of the package we
call those we get the package down I
don't think they have anymore you have
anymore
I don't know well we're making a dent in
the cleaning today nope we're not I woke
up this morning thinking okay we get
this and this and this done this is what
I do every morning I have this list not
very much of it ever gets done so I
really just need to lower my
expectations of my list and focus on one
thing because I kind of have a tendency
to bounce around and then nothing looks
like it's cleaned up yeah you look at
the dishes already
you're not amazing it is it's the best
well welcome to doing the dishes there's
always more dishes in there thanks buddy
okay I'm back tried to make a really
quick trip to Los Angeles I'm gonna be
in YouTube rewind but I actually didn't
get there to shoot because I missed the
flight
his long story that's why the vlog was
late yesterday I had to run to LA real
quick but I'm home and I was reading
this book on the flight you guys you've
heard me recommend this before as a man
or woman or boy or girl or dog or
anybody who wants to make their life
better think yet try this book give it a
chance it's it's so true we create these
turmoils that exist in our own minds you
guys prize scene that I've you know been
I've been suffering struggling lately
because I think I'm having a little bit
of an identity crisis knowing that the
vlogs are coming to an end it scares me
I think it scares me and so it's like I
don't know there's this weird struggle
wrestle going on and reading this book
reminds me that so much if not all of
the problems the stresses the
frustrations the sadness that we suffer
in this life every day is because of our
own head we create it we make this SH I
excuse my language tee up we make it up
we make this stuff up in our minds they
probably think that about me or I'm not
good enough or I can't do this or I'm
afraid to do this because of this it's
all stuff we've made up make this book
part of your life what else do you got
to lose
try it as a man think this is not a
brand deal I'm not gonna do an audible
shout out earning like that this guy
wrote this book James Allen wrote this
book like 200 years ago no that's not
true he was born in 1879 that's James
Allen what is so cool about this book is
how old it is but it still is so
pertinent to like problems you might be
suffering with today check it out
totally recommend it I just had a great
flight reading that and feel motivated
and like oh yeah I needed to be reminded
that we're powerful we're strong we can
do anything
do you believe it are you willing to try
it or are you gonna continue to let
yourself suffer it's up to you only you
it's all you as Michael Jackson said
just don't connect the man in the mirror
I'm asking him to change his ways ok I
gotta go bye Rach look at you go dude
you like doing dishes you're very
helpful I appreciate it so much I would
my five yeah but I just think i'ma let
you do your thing
good job buddy now I should put these
ones away all right let's do it it's for
the kid Oh guys I think I trust it look
at how clean that is yeah yeah you did I
always look very clean I'm impressed I
thought I was gonna maybe have to rewash
something I don't think I am I think you
did great dude thank you you'll often
wash dishes
are you gonna do it from now on thank
you you like this I love you I mean MEU
she's called her homework and guess what
she's got a multiplications you see that
reflection is two of you students what
I'm gonna do
what are you gonna do right away
Oh Ron oh why yes seven times seven
seven times seven is
Fortier you got seven times six right
what's 7 times 6 times 6 is 42 yeah
you're right it's 49 7 times 7 is 49
what's 7 times 5 oh yeah you're sick
back off
guys my homework hairs back off Peters
back off seriously and guesses all right
I think they are let me check him hold
on look he's still doing the dishes bugs
I'm a dishwasher he just made the most
shiny sink Brock you're a champ okay no
my rat tail I like it a skillful corn do
you think Amy is the best I just used my
berry only chart I just waited all the
kids and I'm the only child
you just rated them all and the only one
well really it's just her and I eating
dinner right now because the boys
decided they were all gonna go play
somewhere so you know what we're just
gonna have a girls day well you know a B
is a cheer so we're just gonna gentle
with our without a mom wait what you can
eat first and then your homework cuz
then your brains gonna have some energy
okay I didn't tell them mmm Montella
yeah do you have a wrestling match today
and you want the last one in you want I
lost one of them
yeah you did awesome don't play what
where did you go we got a play obey
you're right we forgot to pray yes
oh wait we did pray but you were here
you were still in the bathtub do you
want to say a prayer okay say a prayer
real quick well listen Steve
I toss a madman thank you
what did you say about Jesus Silas he
follow us
oh here's on sweet I just want to eat a
taco
oh here's honky sure should I show them
what you made over here no Jew boy hey
well that little boy hadn't made this
it's a hammock getting a little too big
for your britches your opposite other
way around change that reverse it
whatever underwear hammocks it's gonna
be a new thing guys wait alright now
it's time to get ready for bed
no it's time Jim you're gonna read a
story you want to read a story yes which
one are we gonna read tonight oh we
already tried that last night
nope no pilla bedtime okay
oh no we leave some stories okay those
super Susan oh oh oh words what okay
there's okay we're not gonna go nuts
also doing others all right I'll go read
guys okay incredible save the day in the
city of munis Suburgatory everyone slept
soundly at night that's because they
knew the Super's a group of heroes with
special powers would keep them safe do
you know that yes mr. incredible super
who was in Quahog on his way to his
wedding
have you guys ever read this book this
tikki tikki tembo-no sour and bow
cha-cha rucap it peri pembo
I remember hearing this book when I was
a kid and I loved it's kind of a morbid
book but I liked it not really morbid
cuz I live but it kind of explains how
Chinese people used to have really long
names but now they have short names
creatures flowers bees yes we're still
looking at that one in a small mountain
village there lived a mother who had two
little sons her second son she called
Chang's which meant little or nothing
that's right but her first and honored
son she called tikki tikki tembo-no sa
rembo- chari Pemba what a name do you
wish you had that name I could call you
chari bari Brockie frank we can do
little doodlee I don't know it just came
out it's late guys white mmm guys want
to see put that blue solder look at this
okay I'm just going to show us the best
shark I mean reading a shark books as a
bedtime story might not be the greatest
idea but we're doing it we're learning
about sharks but guess what we're not
gonna get eaten by a shark any time soon
so I think we're okay okay do you guys
want to see a whale shark mmm-hmmm of
this whale shark I don't check that one
out
that's huge it's size 20 to 30 feet long
who shoots for bigger the second one
yeah this one's gonna be scared is gonna
be scary that one is a basking shark how
long is out money also this one that one
is 22 to 30 feet long those Oh rebei
sorry to give you bad dreams guys
tonight
