talent show April 3rd the girls are
singing at their talent show what song
you're singing welcome to the jungle by
Al Smith okay welcome we have fun in
games hi log in here this okay honey
it's okay it's gonna be alright it's
gonna be alright we're taking them in
today alright today's the day that Zeek
and mommy are both going to get snippy
schniperson abhrush yeah part of me
feels bad but also eaten it's a
necessary thing but um I'm sorry guys I
love you don't judge me and I was kind
of worried because mammy took off
yesterday afternoon as she does often
she likes to just leave and go hunt mice
and do her thing but she didn't come
back and I was like oh I can't find
mammy I don't know where she is and
she's done that before where she's just
gone for a night but then she comes back
in the morning so this morning we were
searching for her and we found her like
way out in the field I'm glad that Gavin
has hawk eyes cuz he was able to see her
I'm like are you sure it's not a coyote
and goes no I'm pretty sure that's a cat
so she was just out in the field
probably hunting mice and I hope she
didn't catch any because they tell you
that they shouldn't eat after 10 so I'm
like oh no so I'm gonna take her and I'm
gonna let her know what happened and
hopefully they can still take her in
today because I would hate for her to
have another litter of cats it's time
for her to be snapped right were there
honey
they keep trying to find him cuddled by
the car he's not very cuddly huh it's no
big cuddly right I'm nervous
I love you hmm beautiful no what are we
doing then we label one black smell in
here huh got it kitty and doggie and
monkey smells maybe
the monkey I'm sure eventually we'll
have a monkey we've got seven cats in a
dog why not Oh two dogs why not a monkey
here be nervous Ikki oh-ho she's a
little skittish right now it's okay for
that Shay this is for you say goodbye
say goodbye spiffy
I'm sorry it's nothing personal one 29.6
and he's walking on your clothes 129
pounds not bad dude and you haven't
eaten for a while so we're starving yeah
goodbye I feel it's always hard leaving
them I hope he does ok back home got to
get back in the routine of life are you
ready to get back in routine of life bro
yeah hey are we back in the routine of
life yet yeah where did I come from what
a mom I'm magic all right come on let's
go cross it move it okay
right right
okay cool finished CrossFit I didn't
film anything at CrossFit because I was
busy breathing that's one thing you do a
lot at CrossFit is you breathe because
if you don't breathe you'll die now I
need to have a protein shake I'm so
tired
somebody's on the phone good morning Oh
busy busy very important okay very
important phone call I just got off a
very important phone call that phone
calls just on that I showed you guys
very important phone call very nervous
phone call but I wanted to remember
being on that phone call so I've logged
it I can't tell you what it is but very
your said does that help I got this
little baby helper yeah so we're back
from our trip it was a wonderful trip
the wedding was amazing and we're so
happy for Lindsey and Phil it's really
exciting and we're gonna go to the
dentist tomorrow after the kids get off
yup it's time for you to go to the
dentist for your cleaning huh yeah
siding and now we're just trying to
stock up our fridge again with some
healthy things we've got a lot of
vegetables so far we always start in the
vegetable section then I don't have room
in the cart later I don't start in the
vegetable section a lot of please Nick
we're gonna go on a dentist appointment
tomorrow you want to go to the dentist
day when you do dad yeah hey Bella
I love how at this age he still really
loves the dentist he hasn't really had
any huge problems and he doesn't
remember any bad things about the
business so I think it's good so far
I cheat curse because we're gonna go to
the bed yeah I'll check my teeth yeah I
think you're getting some molars or
something huh yeah like penis
yeah my daddy
I'll take my art you know the dentist is
a good place kids should always love
going to the dentist because even though
it might not be always fun sitting in
that chair getting stuff done it's
healthy for you to have your teeth
cleaned
yeah Wow good it up it doesn't move even
as iPad yeah you have a good dentists on
they've got all sorts of entertainment
device have children
big toys yeah I love it how do you pick
a good lemon yes yes just a yellow just
like a yellow one k all right it's
lunchtime is lunchtime
are you excited to eat - Blair yeah and
I wash my clothes out if you watch me
forever give me some quarters and they
were dirty so he watch them good we're
making dad a tomato cucumber lettuce
pickle sandwich it's very super
vegetarian just to clear clear our minds
what stop hate yourself stop hitting
yourself stop hitting me
no no it nice you sad so damn big mac
and cheese and are you playing your
guitar on your belly that totally looked
like you were playing your guitar play a
guitar
all right
yeah these little do drink mac and
cheese today yeah I all right sounds
good there oh man hi hi
okay mmm doesn't that look beautiful and
yes I did I took a bite out of the
middle cucumber it shows that I love him
even though you'll see it later in
editing right babe I love your gourmet
kitchen
let's start what slow just put a little
salt in it helps it not boil boil over
and I made it taste good you're like the
cat lady my ain't cat yeah your secret's
safe with me
I hate unless I vlog it stupid and ugly
hey what do you bite me for you do here
Blacky
Mac if you love them Oh doesn't matter
how allergic you are you call them well
I just don't think that's nice who is
renoise you'll be not be nice you'd be
nice to Daddy feed you Mia Naevia
oh it's like they're playing around as
I'll grab you like that's fun though
that's fun
get him yeah Yeah right done so pretty
yeah I'm so ready
oh I like to fight oh okay okay okay oh
like oh oh oh he wasn't like who are you
think you gonna do he's this tiger don't
do geez like this one see people think
off of them you like whatever want to
let you hold him knowing this one on the
way on there what's your favorite pretty
kitty pretty kitty this one boy how do
you tell I don't know I think I see some
balls there I just don't know I don't
know I can't identify yourself you can
tell on what's happening tomorrow
Zeke's balls are going make you sad good
put some marbles in there whoo I must
stand
testicles on this dog buy more oh well
it's time there's a mama holding the
baby making hash browse for her family
cuz she loves them just fall asleep oh
give narcolepsy you alright
wake up good morning Oh have an ash
browns for breakfast know what that is
that's my house mags they won't see me
oh I can see you you better close your
eyes I see it's you
Avia what's going on
oh do you have a song you're singing
when is this talent show
April 3rd the girls are singing at their
talent show
what are you singing what song are you
singing welcome to the jungle by Al
Smith okay welcome we have fun in games
it's not like the choice I would thought
for you but whatever any what are you
picking I'm watching her right Carol
Smith again do that I might feel one
night who's your favorite singer okay
Christina Perri is baby turns favorite
singer who's your favorite singer put a
shirt on and the gimme gimme is alright
cool both sounds good I want you to sing
jar of hearts I love that song catch yes
I think you should sing it you sound
amazing
you had a practice yeah are you ready
you'd know it word for word okay I would
like you this guy who knows
he is a worthy opponent server both work
in your arms all right we're not having
pizza for dinner because I'm sorry we're
not having pizza we're having national
dinners with hash browns I'm excited and
technically and like a casserole dinner
not in tinfoil but you know what it's
safe I asked for the potatoes to be
crispy so she did the carrots the onions
and the hamburger in there and then she
gets some crispy all crispy neh brianza
phone agreed on their attack thank you
have you guys tried it yet no you want
you mmm it's my sample it's your sample
you hate all and shirtless can you sit
down sit down
I got nowt for you man oh man it's over
here man hey woman you make my supper
yet my wife you catch up man like forget
your phone my hash brown when the crispy
oh hey it's grandma and in my son Gavin
thank you for Grandma
I just feel her I like ketchup on my
cruise bash man knows like there's my
dad in on your a pepper - groans um
Carla said I don't reflect serious okay
out that good golly Miss Molly I can
afford to buy myself some more ketchup I
just got meself a check in the mail look
at this just got a dot a check for $6.99
do you guys remember when I had that
part on TV in no ordinary family that
show that was on ABC I'm still getting
residual checks I can only imagine what
like Seinfeld gets and like the cast of
friends when they're still showing all
those reruns when you're on TV and they
show it they'll send you residual checks
Lou this production episode no ordinary
family I was on no ordinary animal that
was the episode I was on but these are
all like the different foreign extended
use this was like one episode of a show
that got canceled I'm still making money
on it like three or four years
later not very much but I'm getting some
cash yep yes sir I am we call that
ketchup cash where I'm from how you make
your cash to get some ketchup
could you tell that I cheated the
footage this morning I didn't have very
much footage guys some days are harder
than others to get footage and Colette
filmed her taking Zeke and mammy to the
vet this morning and I was like well I'm
gonna steal that from today to put into
yesterday's vlog but I'm uploading today
it's complicated process but you still
like the video right so Zeke and mammy
even though you saw them at the end of
the video they are still at the vet
right now getting neutered basically
that means they will not be able to have
babies not with each other
with other species that are similar to
their species anyways thanks for
watching our video it's always hard when
I come back from vacation I'm just like
oh I'm tired and one of those actually
play play play play
but I hate this video here's for you now
you like it
alrighty any other messages oh you guys
there's a brand new camouflage tricks
and hat that just went live last night
and I have it under good authority that
they're about to sell out so I have
Logan bringing me one tonight because
they're really cool
if you want to tricks and camouflage hat
go to tricks and calm and get yourself
one right now before the sellout
okay love see you tomorrow bye
