and I promise my love to you and with
this ring I take you as my wife and with
this ring I take you as my wife for as
long as we both shall live for as long
as we both shall live what are you guys
doing what excuse me
snip where we at tell me where we're at
make your serious studio maker stores
you look Ewing this just went um nope oh
my mr. David severs the guy who's
running the place in Charlie your vlog
what's last time you did you see Lisa
posted on her Instagram happy birthday
to me and it's like me you and her you
didn't see that there's a cute taking
pictures all right you guys can you
believe it the Shaytards have been
vlogging for six
yes that's crazy so we're here at maker
we have some new Shaytards six-year
anniversary shirts leave us with you
turn around
mislead at the sleeve dude your buys are
looking good from 2009 to 2015 we've
been making these things called videos
on YouTube and we're signing K don't
forget to put an R you always forget
your R's be you can do it below okay be
our remember our perv are doing our good
I'm like force it up her bra ha oh good
that's weird okay people are coming from
other rooms and looking in here
strangely like this guy new Kalu's we
got a drooler we have a baby drooler
alright so if you go on maker shop
there's some six-year anniversary
posters and we are signing those bad
boys for you guys how's the assembly
line going
good it's going going he's even signing
niggas looking it neglect what hi you
guys who I have stolen baby no I
have to give him back but I'm so excited
I know me okay hey you couldn't wait for
a little break hard to me I get way free
base to be such good friends so we're
here in the bridal suite Mindy's getting
her hair did you guys I'm so beautiful
you guys look so much you a night aful
it's like makeup magic and a half here's
just like what is going on in here this
is exciting and Megan you look beautiful
your hair because I'm loving it it's
very like 1950s housewife thank you we
have to come over here and say how
amazing I do see your horrible Megan
feel so great yeah Charles tell your
girlfriend to get in the car seat I lay
out one Charles you've been in this van
many times before a few times 700 times
even in this man has a lot of memories
in this band I remember all this broke
you know how to break did you do that
you owe me a new handle Charles actually
I've no idea how that works no but I
remember we're all staying at the hotel
oh god I'm reminiscing good at Conner
reminisce and oh we're all dudes he's
been doing it like nine years right
hanging out together for ladies and
we're going for buddy's internet wedding
just reminiscent these are good friends
I need a suit I don't have a good suit
that I brought a new pan any new pants
do you really need pants
are you good so they're coming with us
to do a little clothes shopping filly
Dee's wedding
yeah I remember that first night hanging
out in that hotel talking oh yeah
exactly what we need bays professional
service you want to suit you come to a
place like that's exactly what you said
when we got here I need to go to a place
where they measure me and they tell me
what I need it's exactly what he said
he's a professional I'm just the guy
with the debit card I just show up dude
this is a momentous thing I'm uploading
the vlog and I have to go in here and
add six years ago what happened what
happened six years ago I'll tell you
what happened best idea I ever had
that's crazy six years ago today I was
uploading a video to this little YouTube
site I guess I'll just keep uploading
them videos then huh what I'm doing
right now baby almost ready for the
wedding out of soup
oh she's naked well show you later when
we're dressed all right
there's mr. Charles get out of the light
bro bad clothes over here let's see yeah
looking handsome good van ready for the
wedding ready for the wedding
like all fancy up here don't look down
here you look fancy dude I was just
telling Charles six years just added it
it's so crazy if you didn't go back and
watch yesterday's vlog and click on the
end slate that's a wild ride to go back
and see this first video when I started
in that shower we had just gone to the
swimming pool for my birthday these hot
pots and then I we started the daily
vlogs every that's crazy it's good to
have you here it's good to be here with
friends on this very log of ursery
moment very cool we were just talking
about how we're like the grandparents of
vlogs right now yeah we're so old doing
this it's been crazy what are you
thinking about like all those
conversations in your house like in LA
like talking about like all the time
like how many years are we gonna do this
alright right like everyone to watch
right six years down that's insane dude
my library like my video library is so
valuable to me just like all those
memories like having all those yeah your
kids just like all those memories I know
and where I every time I wanted to quit
I'd ask Charles I'm like you how are you
gonna go how are you gonna go - I'm not
hopping and then he would keep going yep
yep and but now yeah and he's still
consecutive how many
is it known 21:38 it's insane I don't
know how you do it that's okay
that's incredible check out Charles
Trippy it's a little mind tweak he has
been making a video every single day for
over five years and not missed would not
even missed one day I hit six years come
and say like a monsoon yeah yeah yeah he
started a month and then he called me
told me to start doing it that's how I
started doing it cuz this guy all right
well we're going to the wedding I gotta
get ready I had ten minutes get ready
okay okay okay here we go
fancy wedding fancy hotel fancy dresses
fancy ladies I'm excited I think
tonight's gonna be fun I am ready for a
party we are headed out to this like
ranch took a ranch place or something
looks Oh kid Toki we are in the car in
route as they say in some in some places
off we go look at this Green Valley I
feel like The Land Before Time I feel
like we just busted through and we found
some tree stars that's like we found it
too the Green Valley whoa there's las
delicious meat stars here but before you
so excited when they found the three
stars do you remember that I loved that
they were so hungry and they're just
thirsty and they wanted some green
leaves and they found it dude I was so
happy then we made like nine more movies
yep they did cuz there's so many tree
stars I know the person the only good
Manmohan Ali just asked about like who's
gonna be at this wedding and every or
like how we met and stuff we've all met
on YouTube Charles it's true the first
time I ever met Phil was the first time
ever met Charles so we have known each
other first
seven years saving time was literally
baby charge she was a two month old baby
uh that's crazy so it's cool when I were
going to Philly D sweating my old you
live yeah YouTube live Jack what you see
live I found most jackets in those
shirts memories Katy Perry was there
dude Akon held my hand that was a game
that was a great that's a great
experience
alright our road to the venue when it's
gorgeous
yes it is Charles you're not complaining
about this view are ya oh good hope you
were on a smack you upside your head I
was happy to see it dead snake though we
saw a dead snake I was one that snake to
bite me there you go my grandma paint
snakes tell you about that some other
time
Oh
Lindsay just that hey so hey good
afternoon good evening good morning good
mythical morning family friend nation we
are gathered here today to celebrate one
of life's greatest moments
thank you all here all night and in case
you're worried about my credentials I
was ordained by the same website that
ordained Sharon Stone and mr. Tony Danza
so I'm in good company thank you today
we have come together to witness the
joining of these two lives for them out
of the routine of ordinary life the
extraordinary has happened they met each
other at a YouTube gathering fell in
love got married and had a baby not in
that order but we're here now so close
enough I think we were top friends on
MySpace
- any AOL instant message be about this
girl he met this girl
Braves girl 5 and of course I knew who
she was because there were 50 of us on
YouTube so we all knew each other by
first names and I remember thinking well
she's a little young
and certainly way too pretty for you
good luck good luck al my partner in
life and my one true love I will cherish
our friendship I will cherish our
friendship and love you today tomorrow
and brother I will trust you and hire
you laugh with you and cry with you I
love you faithfully through the best and
the worst through the difficult and easy
whatever may come I will always be there
I then Zee take you fail to be my
husband my partner in life and my one
true love my partner in life and my one
true
I will cherish our friendship love you
today tomorrow and forever we'll talk to
you on ham when frustration and
difficulty assail your marriage as they
do in every relationship at one time or
another focus on what still seems right
between you not only the part that
seemed wrong
that way when clouds of trouble hide the
Sun in your lives and you lose sight of
it for a moment you can remember that
the Sun is still there
and if each of you will take
responsibility for the quality of your
life together
it will be marked by abundance and
happiness Phil do you take Lindsay to be
your lawful wedded wife I do common
question of the day you promise to love
honor cherish and protect her and be
faithful to her I do do you promise to
love her after she's been out all night
with the girls because mama wants her
wine he promised to make Lindsay the
hottie of the day every day if not on
the Internet at least in your heart
repeat after me I Phil take thee Lindsay
to be my wife he's dude at the end we'll
talk and I went on I failed take thee
Lindsay to be my wife I feel Thank You
Lindsay to be like what what okay your
life and your wife to have into home to
Adam to hold in sickness and in health
sickness and in health for richer or for
even richer but hopefully even richer
before hopefully even within an attaboy
in joy and sorrow protrude sorrow and I
promise my love to you and with this
ring I take you as my wife and with this
ring I take you as my wife for as long
as we both shall live for as long as we
both shall live
Lindsay Island me take the fail to be my
husband
to be my husband to have and to hold for
as long as we both shall live to make
your relationship work you will take
love this is the core of your marriage
and why we are here today it will take
trust to know that in your heart you
truly want what is best for each other
it will take dedication to stay open to
one another and to learning to grow
together maybe supported every step of
your path may you endlessly delight one
another it with great delight that I now
say by the power vested in me I now
pronounce you husband and right Phil you
may kiss your bride
bring them out bring them out yeah
it's all in respect just holding a Megan
a bow and arrow led the four seasons of
AB Lindsey D now she's Lindsey Gina
there's Brett and Ray Charles nalli that
was funny of your day or what your dad
said last night she's bringing sexy Phil
home from the Bronx that was a lot of
internet jokes in the wedding last night
it was good bread when you grow up we'll
teach you about it
collect can you teach the birds of the
Beast to Brett because I think he has it
backwards
hello everybody we are driving through
Malibu which is pretty awesome in a
minivan let's be so pretty awesome look
we stopped on to sweetheart
oh my god we've got why hello Yogi's
phone yeah you doing you got it I
tweeted it and we'll count but it wasn't
me it was charter so Charles and Ally
had a late flight tonight we kidnapped
him from the four seasons and John Nokes
and said let's go to Malibu and have one
he decided to have a little bit more
with scenic drivers or do i do derp derp
wait four seasons derp derp derp derp
derp derp I don't know in California
you're driving through the mountain is
very beautiful and green which is stop
and do a hike no we have to get back to
our children we miss all that time and
there it is we just came down out of the
canyon to the ocean I love this is where
all the water comes yeah now we get to
go so now we get to go I need my mom is
draining the ocean well how many people
have done it yeah right
so this clip is really windy because
Colette stuck the camera out the window
to film all these pelicans and normally
I would cut this clip out but then
Colette's like well maybe they're having
a convention and then I said this
hilarious joke I forgot Kollek on is
this weekend that lets make sense yeah
going to the Pelican brief the Pelican
brief ah here we go again
here we go again first thing he does
this is your look hasn't changed buddy
hmm
that's the desk our yep
oh yeah I got you have a special gift
coming soon Charles got you a present
got your presents coming next week
hopefully you need to know every people
ask me all these last time I don't know
to give me answer one quick one and
which ones weren't yours
remember he named one after you you have
the Brockton rock star
no that's not her star that was one of
this no where's your tattoo I don't know
I figure I have enough freckles this is
the red one you know freckles deep would
you ever get a tattoo that one I thought
when I was like 19 that I wanted one
when I decided that I would if I had an
idea for a year of something that I
liked that I would put it on my body but
I never I like something are you bro
holier good what about you de there no
okay whatever all right we're at the
warehouse like usual the kids are
messing with the giant koi fish they'll
be scared
they're coming up look your gums
let him do it let him do it oh oh that's
cool you like head him do these things
he biting yeah baby yeah whoa you're
like petting it the biting you Wow is
that cool
how's that feel
question Internet how long does it take
these koi fish to get this big because I
remember because we've come here before
people said that these fish are like
very valuable that's true I've heard
like twenty thirty thousand dollars for
a big mature orangeboy fish what's the
koi fish market that's interesting
really how little thousand I don't know
like for like the really big one that
wrong thank you
yeah all right I'm getting the koi fish
business anybody know in there I'm going
there oh great they're gonna they're
tryin there's this very specific neon
way off on the koi Charles looked it up
but that's 24 inches it could be bigger
so 24 inches for butterfly one is $3,000
so that's a two-foot Quay fish for 3
grand that's still a lot I like this bin
heck yeah pretty vicious woman around
here yeah yeah how long do they live
that's what I want to know look at these
guys man what a weekend celebrated my
35th birthday six years of vlogging got
to see my good friends Phil and Lindsey
get married and to see their baby got to
see so many other good friends that I've
made over the last seven eight years
we've been doing this we've been
vlogging it might sound confusing we've
been vlogging on this channel for six
years but I started doing YouTube a year
before I started doing the vlogs on my
shaycarl channel so technically yeah
we've been at this for a little over
seven years which is a big chunk of time
you know and you know to see Phil and
Lindsey get married when I met them they
were dating you know when me and Charles
were talking about you know hanging out
at that hotel when we were just going
into that suit store the very first time
I ever met Phil and Lindsey and Charles
we all hung out in a hotel room that
night I just talked about YouTube till
like 3:00 in the morning
it was the coolest thing because I had
just gotten into YouTube and these were
some of like the big guys on the website
at the time and I was just like wow so
cool to like hear him talk about all
this stuff and they're making money
doing this and those good times and Phil
of course as everybody knows gave some
gave me you know one of my very first
shout outs leave me alone
texted me anyways good times good
friends good to be there this weekend
thanks for watching we are so glad to be
a part of this community and I do
believe that the YouTube community is
still alive that is the YouTube
community right there everybody that was
at that wedding it was just good to see
old friends okay I got to go click on a
link give me kiss
thumbs up the video see tomorrow
