bro what are you doing
comfy did he do that all by himself
let me see that remote there's the
remote control he has the massager on
it's all elevated that comfortable
breaking everything to break it leaky
old seems pretty comfortable yeah
alright so I know this sounds horrible
but I'm just barely getting my bag
unpacked from my trip to LA and I forgot
that alley cat gave Gavin a birthday
present that she gave to me to give to
him and I totally forgot about it
I'm sorry ally but now he has his
present in hand and he's ready to open
it I'm excited Nick get out of the way
it's not for you it's much a birthday
yet she really wanted to get you a
birthday present she didn't know what to
get you and when this came up to where
she found out you love Harry Potter and
she happened to go to Harry Potter land
she got this now you have it Thank You
Allie Thank You Ally that was really
thoughtful so are you gonna capture
these girls with that does it come with
a spell list like what's that it's the
map horny but it's like for sure cool
alright this is a late night right
and we've logged it all today we have
it's almost 8 o'clock I'm busy alright
we're ahead and are we telling them
we're going I guess we have to because
we're making
every day we're going to Los Angeles
yes very special actually mr. Philip
DeFranco and and Braves girl five as I
know her deep down my soul back in the
whole YouTube days uh yeah there's a
there's a DeFranco waiting yes like a
secret I honestly haven't gotten to hold
out lolz
I'm gonna I'm gonna like take a nap in
that baby's hair that baby's hair is
like you could surf on that hair I tweet
I Lindsay put up a like us sometimes
with cus every once in a while mm-hmm I
put on the Instagram post of hers I said
that baby is too damn cute for his own
good his hair is like it's like a
sculpture every day it's interesting I'm
in the vlogging position the volume
position and the suburban okay okay so
we are headed
okay that's better
okay vlog yep we're still going hello
everybody I track me with the lens
clarity of the situation problem okay
hold on okay all right we remember we're
not gonna use any of this footage yeah
we will you know we will it is my
birthday shout whoo right all right I
was just telling the children's that on
my birthday March 5th coming up couple
days you will from sunrise to sunset
refer to me as His Royal Highness the
birthday boy my father whom I love and
adore and you don't get it wrong or
you'll get whipped whoa I suppose joking
everybody seriously though what do you
want to do I want to do something just
with you guys like just the seven of us
what do you want to do like go to your
birthday what do you want to spend time
with you guys doing something fun
Disneyland a New Year's I know we're not
going to do these we could I don't know
I don't I wouldn't mind I seriously
don't care what we do I just want to
hang out I want to wake up and go do
something exciting that we're all
excited to go do together as a family
for my this is what I think would be fun
for your birthday something that gives
you a go
yeah why don't you guys think about
surprise what if we rented a boat we
went out in the ocean we're going to Los
Angeles sound scary
Shaytards drown in there don't say that
I want to rent a boat you can't say that
birthday right turn off the camera
before I kiss your lips hello hello
hello we're in the mall again this is
two days in a row in the mall did we
remember our wallets this time I
actually I forgot my wallet
but Colette has hers this time so we're
good hey can we just get nostalgic care
in the mall for a few moments
we've dollars we're gonna have most
dollars yeah it's a smell distinct smell
smells like capitalism so what it smells
like
this more like clothes right like new
plastics and like think of all like the
new merchandise the new prints that
paints the different stitching all the
leathers all those smells the bath sheet
mmm no go Broncos
no I fill nostalgic you guys we are very
soon coming up on six years of vlogging
honey whoo what a thought
who would have thought
I would have thought I saw that new
campaign there's some campaign on
YouTube going on right now I saw like a
Grace and Hannah about what is it they
even use YouTube change their logo it's
like what you would write a letter to
yourself Cola if you were to write
yourself a letter from when you were
like a 13 year old girl right now and
you that 13 year old you would get the
letter that you write today what would
you say to that 13 year old girl I would
say don't worry about what everybody
else says be yourself
you'll love who you are heard that crap
about a million times
Oh what color is the dress I see I saw
it what color is coral
yeah is it or is it blue oka let's
trying to find a dress for the wedding
she hasn't found
oh shut out the tribe Tyler today your
tribe Tyler cut out father match this
tribal looking tribal like oh good I see
what you did there anyways thank you to
those of you who have been hanging out
with this crazy family for the last six
years Rufus remember ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls people of all
ages Gavin Butler's SunGard
let me present to you Lovelace Makua is
Emmy but you think about it Emmy has
like grown the most throughout the vlogs
because when we started doing YouTube on
my shaycarl channel she was young like
two months old
Emmy hell dirty today it's not secure
though you may be you're about 1 years
old that doesn't make sense well no
because I started just shaycarl child
before I started my Shaytards channel so
yeah let's ask the mommy hey how old was
Emmy when I started doing YouTube on the
shaycarl track
yeah I'll link that video go watch that
video you say dude you look like you
were 16 in that video well I don't know
alright here we are at the plastic play
place hey shoes off Buster Brown Lady
Antebellum what how do you do there yeah
boy do a big jump huh
a big jump in plan store he's gonna
stand on the frogs dude baby I want to
try what you were doing last time let me
see
come fall show me first what are you
like what can you make it from there to
there to there to there to there that's
what you're trying last time remember
all right Gavin's gonna attempt to slide
down so nice - nice nice O'Connor bum
hey get in here and see if you can slide
down this on your socks
wait there's a baby in the way somebody
get the baby get this baby get the baby
out of the way your feet are sweaty it
helps you slow yourself down
oh snap here we go she's getting the
boots off dude I jumped all around this
thing I've dominated this play place
don't talk to me about did I do
something cool don't slip back and fall
on your butt Kay we can put this on
America's Funniest Home Videos no that
cheating did you push your mother young
man did you push your mother's what took
you so long
oh yeah what took you
what took you what took you karma
strikes again hey hey don't push there's
a little baby's at the bottom of the
slab
ooh way to catch him that's awesome yeah
you're stuck you're strong tough yeah
our kids are breaking every single rule
in the planner here are we those people
yeah where are those people there's
nobody else here so we're like just
breaking the rules we're sorry let's go
go guys go breaking the rules run hey
run
huh salt boots little boy studmuffin
tired yeah sleepy all right let's go man
I can't believe it's my 35th birthday
tomorrow
it sneaks up on ya especially when you
get older it's like that's another
birthday but 35 that's kind of like a
semi big like mark you know 40 will be
the next big one but I am 35 years old
I'm proud of it and I just think about
everything that's happened in the last
year because I think back to my birthday
last year when we celebrated at maker
studios and there's that big party there
and I just think we were living here in
Los Angeles and in a year all that's
happened in my life I think my 34th year
was probably the biggest year of my life
maybe anyways thanks for all of you who
have been along for the ride we are in
California I am sitting right now on the
roof of our apartment looking at the
ocean editing this video and I just made
a video of me on snapchat
I got a snapchat it's a tricks and
snapchat if you guys have snapchat its
tricks and clothing oh yeah I just
search tricks and clothing I tweeted it
anyways I love you click on the video we
know I don't know if I'll make a video
tomorrow cuz it's my birthday I'll
probably a one-take I'll probably make
like a late night you know DTR like a
late night like frank discussion like
where I'll just like really open up my
emotions and like reminisce and feel
nostalgic you know how I like to do so
uh me and you tomorrow night
late here we'll chat yeah yep that
definitely sounded creepy okay excellent
we'll see you guys buh-bye
