this is my official birthday wish not my
birthday no fun delight again oh that
was weird I swallowed the fire I'm
saving it for minutes why don't you just
you I swallowed it I've never seen you
do that before
I'm 35 gnomes welcome to Sunday morning
with the Shaytards right it's Sunday
morning
time to get ready for church that
brought out a self ready now he's
helping get the baby ready the babies
really thrilled about it it's hard to
get shocked some babies isn't it okay
put yourself cond exten let's get your
sock on my this baby's been very
disgruntled today I'm not sure I don't
think I really digged that we were
waking him up to go to church she's like
why are you waking me up the number one
rule is you never wake a baby hi hi how
are you oh honey you look pretty I love
the yellow now they're fighting over who
broke the rules it is March 1st that's
exciting because that means my 30 that's
maybe not very exciting my 35th birthday
is in four days days so I am wearing
green I figured it's March it's time for
a little Irish I got a green belt on we
just think about this belt is this
little immature for a 35 year old man to
wear to church don't look at my butt you
perverts I saw that anyways I'm wearing
this belt Church and green kasi and
turns I think that socks in Spanish hey
cowboy giddyup partner you ready to ride
on over to church huh
yeah let's giddyup hey zekiel lapping up
the Rays alright redo your hair okay
let's get your hair did do it look like
the only much first estate reduce every
hotel okay March first local welcome
that is the extent of my Irish song
vocabulary McVerry this other pursue con
to break this up that you know I mean
that's like three green marks like
boom-boom-boom when I bring here media
by the way well like your pitch me can
teach me
alright but Sunday socks are like a pop
of green you don't yeah every secret
until you like put your leg up you know
you're sitting there just casually put
your leg up oh what's with my cool socks
yeah thank you okay what do you think
you're like look down like all right
here I'm gonna comb it down a little bit
on the side okay hold on give us a
second we're gonna get it looking sweet
I got a blog this moment these are the
moments that I want to remember how
adorable it is what you do his hair
makes him feel happy cuz he says do it
like you do your hair for truth yeah
stupid electing me but he wears cowboy
boots so he has his own style too you
should work out what you should take his
style work out or not
I'm not as cool only the coolest guys to
mark a boyhood it's true
you gotta be really cool but you know
what I think you're that cool how do we
want to do his hair oh it's such a life
decision What's in style
what's conservative yet I don't know it
is kind of up here look
meaning hey do you like that do you
think that looks good or do you want to
comment down more
he's very loose about it bigger you want
your mohawk bigger okay
Skinner you can do then permission to
make mohawk bigger granted let's see
what we can do are you going to church
like this yeah why do the boys do I
haven't either way that's how you want
it okay
ready for church 11 low octave okay did
I like it looks good go change the world
Mojave
all right load up load up load up
everybody in the Bourbon here we go here
we go let's move it roll out out of this
frigerator into the car here we go
church bound what a good big brother you
have Dax Tony that big strong handsome
young man doing an act of service for
his little brother just like Jesus would
have wanted him to thanks buddy
appreciate it what's in the backpack oh
we're going over to my parents house and
Gavin is not a fan of church clothes so
he is ready to change into some comfort
that's smart
I like looking good all day though so I
just stay in my head no saying all right
let's go talking about handsome I like
that shirt I wish I had that shirt I
would wear that shirt right now if they
had it in my size I'll just try that one
on I could pull off a baby Shmi diem
you're beautiful all right let's go all
right
going to church home from church at
Grandma and Grandpa's house you got me
presents what where they going they're
going my dear look out look I come on
Rosatom you are supposed to be doing
diet beds I did I just could eat him I
made it for your birthday
yeah I don't want it well there is fruit
on there thanks mom you're welcome thank
you I love you out everyone
okay what is this it smells good that's
gravy right what is it what is it oh you
got me chairs nice did you you lie to me
you totally lied to me you lied that's
cool
why come back that's funny
yeah lied to me I told him I said I want
one of these chairs because no you can't
they don't sell them anymore
yeah here zero-gravity lounger this is
mine dude I'm gonna edit in that chair
well we talked to you and you thank you
check this out it's just a nice chair no
I want to lay down and it's like that
Cochise hey Kevin else you're a female
is that for fat guys chubby guys no no
I'm just more basically white sighs yeah
these be perfect for our death yeah
thanks mom and dad
you heck's a Hollywood never done let's
go to be careful action clad look at
this look at Brock yeah I'm Superman and
Batman saw how we did it on purpose you
do this style ready sweep birthday to
you
that was weird
is this my official birthday wish no my
birthday no fun delight again huh that
was weird
I swallowed the fire I'm saving it for
when it's why don't you just you I
swallow it I've never seen you do that
before
I'm 35 no you're not actually 35 yet
that means you might die cuz you just
swallowed fire yeah he did dragon
somebody's got walkin he's finally happy
look at your shadow your shadow so big
he should be boy springtime in the
Rockies I love it thanks jack what you
talking about
that your walk and talk walking and
talking we still got a long way to go
little guy you better pick up the pace
yeah
what do you yelling at oh where are you
going I chalk ilat mouth
Jason chocolate it was funny because
when you woke up and started coughing
both handed Zeke both heard you and they
both went running to see me I took a nap
look at the hopes look that's gorgeous
oh hi oh hi oh yep yep that's a big
giant dog in my face get Ziggy up okay
welcome to Monday morning with the
Shaytards oh absolutely
Gayle oh what's going on Shay Carl
Butler here and zekiel Montgomery burns
Jays know that's his full legal name
Ezekiel Ezekiel Montgomery burns the
third Esquire that's your full legal
name yes I'm so proud of you alright
we're feeding the cats and the dogs the
animals are eating good today boy steak
I had a couple of steaks left over like
one and a half it looks like they're
about to go bad so I cooked him up and I
fed him to the key
Zeke had his already he wants the
kiddies but I told him he can't but he
can help me make it but he wants to
sniff it and make sure it's already your
third I think those cats will like it
alright let's go see if they do it
okay watching Raja here kiddies no no no
I got your food got your food it's like
Pavlov's dog follow me kiddies follow me
here they come
they're like the little dinosaurs from
Jurassic Park okay who's hungry
who is hungry daddy put steak in there
today so you might find some delicious
meat morsels if you're lucky you want
breakfast too you want black fish
blondie
I saw blondie eating the biggest
freaking mouse I've ever seen in my life
yesterday let's get a little kitty cam
in here action shall we who wants a
kitty cam can t cam were eatin breakfast
oh look at him they're loving it well
blondie I'll feed you next seriously I
was out up at my shop and blondie came
from up in the mountains and she had
this it looked like a mole or something
this giant rat she ate it and I'm not
gonna lie blondie I was disgusted I'm
not sure I'm gonna kiss you anymore cuz
you eat disgusting rodents but I
appreciate you doing that for us Thanks
alright come on Blondie's caller was she
got in a skunk again so he took her
collar off cuz it stinks like skunk what
you want more I just gave you more you
guys have a good breakfast you're good
all right I gotta jump in the shower and
then I'm running to Utah to meet with
the Trix and crew we have a ton of
meetings all day turn on this steamer
and time to get a theme and so I'm
probably going to get a ton of footage
because we have a bunch of stuff we have
to meet with our distributor and there's
a lot of business today so you guys are
probably hanging out with kaletnik it's
all my little minions oh I love them so
much
wait minion escaped this way come on
yeah yeah yeah
we're just doing a little shopping as a
family to pick some stuff up oh man do
big you are doing it's like a sad day
when you're too big for the fun thing I
remember that when I was a kid it's like
I'm too big for the cart I'm too big for
the strollers so which one is it I kind
of you know how much money five dollars
all right well this is one of those
moments in time and you realize
something are you writing to you never
too old to ride in the cars at the mouth
I left my wallet at home and I hate when
that happens but that's the cold hard
truth I have five dollars that was in
the car so we could either buy some
pretzel bites or we could get a stroller
and right around the mall then put it
back you what seven should we get lip
balm now no I'm not gonna waste my money
on a car we only have twelve dollars
yeah but you know what I like pretzel
bites let's go buy some pretzel bites
snowball a sugar pretzel now the toys no
see here's dinner crap you can't just
run off oh oh well we got pretzel bites
they went pretty dang fast I won't even
be able to show you one cuz they're gone
things like that happened I'm trying not
to be super frustrated with the fact
that I left my wallet home but you know
what it's fine we got to enjoy each
other's company and I got a kiss oh I've
had the baby kiss
I like my job a because it Navi and
daddies with the tricks and crew today
so we don't get to see him but maybe
later say bye-bye to the cars
you bought my car bye-bye maybe next
time I get to play on you bye bye bye
bye cars
he's exploring the halls of this
oh that's time for wrestling the
wrestling room was so crowded we
couldn't find anywhere to say in March
we're just walking the halls until gets
closer I'm gonna try to get a little
clip of him though wrestling you'll see
back then where's mommy
Oh probably I didn't speak with him but
he wants to run where'd you go ah grazie
oh mighty cutest snuggle buddy
you do cute are excited to someday be in
high school have a walker I want to be
my locker we're in a great and I'm ready
I want a red one so panel and me doing a
hundred push-up or cartwheels hey we're
losing the baby again 99 yeah you did it
now I gotta find the baby he ran off
again
hey what's on there the snow log here
there's snow that's what you call frost
luckily for us there's snow on the pizza
guys okay outside to be PG all right
this is the deal guys so tonight I have
salmon to make which I'm having salmon
with vegetables the kids wanted grilled
cheese and there's only a little bit of
bread left so we're having some grilled
cheese and we're making a frozen pizza
so we're having salmon Brussels sprouts
salad grilled cheese sandwiches and
frozen pizza it's probably the most
eclectic meal I've had in a while and
I'm excited about it because I want to
salmon it's very good for you it has yet
the Omega threes that are good for your
body it's like the oils that saturate
your body like teeth it is so good for
you
so grilled cheese Brussels sprout is
already pasty pizza yes no pizza it
stays gone so he's not having any of it
sorry honey let me show you one of my
favorite inventions this is like a dough
cutter and it helps slice dough I use it
on sandwiches and it's super fast it
helps cut them it's like a knife but
it's more of like a push down thing but
then Shay got me this this is a pizza
slicer so it's even better so I'm gonna
try to do grilled cheese with a pizza
slice of cheese just do that
yeah see look at the efficiency of this
product right now I'm so excited
we like to make ours in little triangles
little did you say happy birthday Dada
usually like you rock it you rock it
back and forth but with one hand it's a
little harder to do and what off grilled
cheese sandwiches this is the best in a
pestle salmon Brussels sprouts and
tomahtoes yes of course
and Princess Bride place as you wish
that movie's weird they've been watching
it for like the last three nights
because the night before I was here we
were watching Princess Bride and I'm
like the show is messed up anyway sorry
for no vlog yesterday that's part of me
doing only three to four vlogs week guys
I want to be able to pursue other
passions
I have other dreams I've talked about
starting a clothing company for years
and I want to try some of those things
now and that means sometimes I'm not
going to be around my computer because I
have to go build infrastructure for
businesses and get in meetings and it's
a lot of hard work and a lot of time so
I'm excited about it though I'm like
pumped it's like it feels like when I
started YouTube it's like a new project
and so I'm so excited about it it's like
all I think about
I was up till midnight last night hey
telling the whole crew and we're
passionate about tricks and clothing I
promise you we were there in the
warehouse for 12 hours yesterday and I
can't wait to show you guys we have
eight new designs coming out you don't
have to be a subscriber or gonna be
available for everybody
Daxton I'm trying to sell my clothing
over here what you find what's that
that's mommy's that's her fingernail
polish yeah no okay now he's in her
jewelry I gotta go
click on a link yesterday's vlog uh was
you know a couple days ago one two three
four five Caleb you guys see you
tomorrow bye
