once you guys getting this house clean
yes and watch your mom and dad make out
I'm not kidding yeah you better get
cleaning oh I told you to vacuum this
floor there's elk all over this floor do
I told you to vacuum those I cost clean
the elk up like an hour ago nears
Filmore L dude next time you open the
package of elk be sure not to throw them
everywhere okay
there's the Mandara Craig Miller coming
up to Idaho he's getting the trailer
because they have to go get a big
shipment of tricks and clothes hey get
away from our trailer doggie
so Derek came all the way up from Utah
to bring me postcards and I'm going to
be signing all of these for your guys's
tricks and packages so he brought these
up looks like Logan Bree Derek he has
assignment so I got to sign it and he's
gonna take them back to that's hands of
livery hand-delivering what a guy oh and
look dude all right here vlog me I'm
gonna give you a shout-out Derek so you
guys know this picture right this is
like my avatar picture on Facebook this
is from the forever love video shoot at
maker studios where Avia and Dana
Richards did the song forever love and
Jarvey shout out to Jarvis is quite the
collaboration now that I think about it
I was on set for a video between my
daughter and a girl that I met on
YouTube a guy who takes pictures who I
met on a nother set at a cliff jump from
Devin Supertramp video took a picture of
me at maker studios directing my
daughter's song then my good friend
Derek
I've known since seventh grade has
another friend who's a painter so Derek
said hey let's take that picture and
paint it can't cut to the dog anyways he
gave this to me as like a present
because me and Derek are doing this
company tricks them together and so I
told them this not it's not complete it
needs I got little tricks and logo on
here to kind of like commemorate us
going into business together but look at
this can I show them this you can show
it's special says Touche around here
this is his favorite quote from Walt
Disney around here we don't look
backwards for very long we keep moving
forward opening new doors and doing new
things because we're curious and
curiosity keeps leading us down new
paths here's to new adventures with old
friends and cool art thanks everybody
we're coming together to create this
moment thumbs up nice dude that's
alright alright alright it's daddy
daycare homework time
hey we go everybody we're doing some
homework daddy's doing some homework
daddy's doing homework
no we're eating candy brain candy while
Galvan's Gavin's doing the homework you
guys do it
alright let's see this what's 5 the
episode so the answer would equal 57
okay what are you doing addition yeah he
has to draw the fields corn from the
mouth so you're gonna draw well if you
can write it but you can draw two
quarters and maple and two pennies what
a good cousin so hey this is 29.99 an
hour though okay senator case expect a
bill for my tutoring services for my son
and he ain't cheap either
oh no break break how was school good
does your guys mom come home tonight to
witness you know um yeah our mom comes
home tonight you guys don't get a mom
for another day
for a night you guys one we need a mom
wanna mom do you want to borrow our mom
I heard being dad I know you can st.
come with us tonight all right no they
can because me and my wife are gonna be
making out all night
okay my mom I say me and my mom I
thought I said me and my mom are gonna
be making out of night hi mom
what so us we have to watch you guys
know you're gonna go downstairs watch a
movie what make out with your mom why
don't you guys get this house clean yes
and watch your mom and dad make up I'm
not kidding yeah you better get cleaning
oh I told you to vacuum this floor
there's elk all over this floor you know
I told you to vacuum those glass clean
the elk up like an hour ago Nia's
Phillimore el dude next time you open
the package of elk be sure not to throw
them everywhere okay that's what happens
when you live in KC levears house
there's a gigantic 1,400 pound animal in
the middle of the living room coming out
of the floor dude if you like switched
it like this
hey guys hanging out here on the carpet
crazy crazy all right I have to go edit
the vlog I gotta go edit guys
without their waiting for
we won is he wrong
Mart
let's go see our family we're home
alright alright we have had a very high
activity day trying to get stuff done
look the kids are honking welcome home
mom and dad Stan we're trying to get the
house as clean as possible I had a lot
of business stuff today just uh hit
upload on the vlog guys get the cat's in
the kennel okay
what are you running dude that's not
good no let's go lupus we had a hurry
come on move it kkkkk
it'll pick up Brock I want to be late to
the airport picking up mom let's go
everybody the moon suburban we're moving
dude I'm thinking about it because I
know when Colette's plane lands like she
lands in like three minutes and I
guarantee you if we looked up here she's
like right above us because I know the
flight path coming into here and it kind
of goes along this road so I bet you
she's right above us we're like
literally racing Colette to the airport
right now you see me
no logging and driving dude it's weird I
haven't I'm vlogging and driving a
little bit that's weird it's like fun
okay stop I'm sorry
go gotta go bye both hands on the wheel
both hands on the way I'll watch in my
mirrors with both hands on wheel Hey oh
look at this another mission in ma come
home
how fun
where's my poster I don't need the
poster I just need my fan I want to kiss
our faces right come on come on hurry
hurry her plane just landed we want to
beat her in there before she gets off
the plane I'm right
move it soldier move it I'm not against
old right go move it run oh dang it
Avia beat me every time I wanna see my
body back together again the whole posse
the whole posse hey we missed you little
boy we missed you you're the integral
last piece unless we have another baby
I don't know someday maybe maybe not oh
my it must be desert I know look at him
I told him to wait cuz i wanted to vlog
it there like dying right now don't move
your hands i want to see the cool
caramel stripes let goes no let go put
him down put the spoon down young man
right now put it down I want to put the
caramel stripe put it down now let's
just take a moment and just really like
wow look look those are cool crisscross
caramel stripes wait I'm not done
alright go ahead
okay okay again yeah
you have filthy rotten scoundrels
they wanna see you fall all the brushes
riding on the wall
I've seen me
we only reason you don't do without me
please and you don't ever saw we're
going to go crazy
yellow caliber I don't need a reason to
go to go to go to go crazy
Jackson Harris I absolutely love the
other one dude axon wasn't in that music
video we need to go crazy to taxi and
Malachi it's a whole new family now we
can we can go turn up the music
Hey rock rock together Jackson Harris
request on the line Z will swing Idaho's
number one him using channel how may I
help you guy on the radio yeah it's on
CD you have to say we please so it's on
her iPad she wants everyone to know that
it's her i4m iPod
she has Jackson Harris baby tart has
Jackson Harris on her iPod come on
suburban get your lighting better
two hearts
yes
yeah
oh love together
