one two three go back flip off the
second stair there's a working battery
gosh darn it pardon my language
rookie vlogging mistake shaycarl come on
I went out and did a lot of cool things
in the world today and experienced
awesome stuff but I forgot to charge my
battery last night you think I hadn't
done this for six years
there was a hilarious moment to where I
grabbed for the camera because one of
the cats the black cats was out by the
waterfall and I had climbed up to the
very top of the tree house take him
Brock to school and I probably could i
cat like where's the camera I grabbed
the camera to her try to turn it on and
the battery was dead
this cat his black cat had like shimmied
up to the very top of his treat he's
like holding onto it like like for dear
life it was hilarious
anyways I'm uploading the vlog I'm
excited I think it's a really good one
it's like it's exciting that's what I
love vlogging that's why I love YouTube
this job it's like oh you know I the
voiceover yesterday's vlog when I'm
doing the dive I'm doing like welcome
Johnny to the fourth annual whatever
thing I just like did that voiceover one
time and it like worked and I watched it
over and it's like yes I love when
moments like that come together I
thought it was funny and that's all that
matters cuz that moment made me happy
and that's what this is about
right did you know your lunch all right
let's go upload this vlog get your raise
and branch say here we go why don't I
keep referring to myself in the third
person I'm going crazy the kids are at
school
don't
all right so we're getting ready to tell
my mommy and me for the moms too and I
think we're gonna do like four episodes
at once and one of them's gonna be a
special Twitter episode with just me
since there was so many Twitter
questions asked while I was gone because
I know I've been gone from the moms you
for a really long time but it's just
we're out of the holidays we are now
ready to rock and roll and I'm excited
to be back it's really great to be in LA
with all my girls and be with the babies
today they're gonna be in the episodes
of course and they've all grown so much
and are walking and crawling and it's
fun so I'm excited to be here
all right Brock had the firefighters
come to a school today put on your hat
dude that's not such a cool high hat let
me see your sucker what does it say hold
it up so I can see it chop-chop why do
you do that why do you stop drop and
roll
how come you drop and you roll around
smart good so if you have fire on your
clothes that's what you do you need to
stop drop on the ground and then roll
around and that'll put the fire out and
cover your face okay
yeah yeah on the floor
it's the homies we ridin the girls are
at gymnastics grandma tard got all their
hair did and they had to get their
pictures done and now we just ridin true
straight yo whoa we don't have anything
to do more board more losers where's the
women all right let's go to Grandma's
house with my dog either you stop
teasing me no don't say to me no so dad
did you put butter on that don't lie
before you put the spaghetti
I think butter had
I was popular we go be sitting here and
then I see dad was like a little morsel
of bread that's nicely buttered with a
nice little stack of spaghetti and he
made his dog a little hors d'oeuvre that
he sneaks down here to Kobe's mouth and
then mom yelled at him and then dad says
why does everybody hate my dog like
everybody shout out and just tell me she
dogs be able to eat people food no
you're a wait for the comments that go
crazy on that one dad spoils his dog
that color is like the perfect color
spring well it's spring in LA in Idaho
it's pretty much still winter it's worth
it we need a little more snow we're not
getting as much as the East Coast but
you know it's okay this necklace from
Kaylee I love your hair like that it's
growing so thank you this is such a
perfect length it's just like beautiful
and it frames your face so I should
anybody cares I couldn't so I shouldn't
cut 12 more inches off is what you're
saying didn't last very long I'm not
gonna be that trusting guys hey did you
watch my vlog today yeah I cried on the
insulate about how you guys are gonna
die one day we're all gonna die one day
we are yeah that's isn't it crazy that
you don't like to think about that like
you hear about somebody dying you're
like oh no way it's like that's what's
happening if you we are all dying
it's like gruesome to talk about but why
no why I want to talk about it I thought
you have to be alive while you're alive
yeah you gotta enjoy the moments that
make sense yeah - gotta feed your dog
spaghetti well you got a dog to feed
spaghetti
little yeah you're a die one day and we
will not regret having given you some
delicious spaghetti because we'll think
he liked that spaghetti boy Rock you're
probably live longer than all of us by
the time you're an adult there'll be
technology to make it so you can live
forever
well that'd be fun yeah don't you want
to be immortal well just keep building
you new hearts and lungs how is
gymnastics good I should have thought
all right we just wrapped on Mommy & Me
for our part but now these little boys
it's their time to shine we're doing
some Easter stuff in account like you're
gonna be choked are you eating a bumble
bee yeah the bumble bee a rich don't
need Barney person how many kids does it
take to carry a vacuum downstairs Gavin
you guys are just in the way all right
let's get this basement clean for when
mom comes home
I want everything cleaned up and
vacuumed Brock you get helping - all
right okay
whoa dude whoa dude oh nice that was
scary
well dude I knew this girl who wore too
much eyeshadow and she tripped and fell
and broke her face the same thing
she broke her face cuz she tripped
another girl did the girls had cheer
pictures today yeah that does not seem
safe alright get cleaning vacuum and
clean and laughing smiling oh my he's
the cutest thing in the world you guys
seriously it makes it the cutest thing
in the world butters we're gonna really
gonna break you internet guys break the
internet with our bunny babies but I'm
not gonna show you guys the Hat you have
to come watch it mama
it'll be out Easter time obviously but
I'm so excited too buddy
alright it's bedtime for the kids but I
promised them that we would play five
games of dodgeball before they had to go
to bed and we got a hustle cuz it's
after 9:00 three nights in a row five
games is MIA Broxton you guys you're
right you anybody let's do this whoa
don't roll it
oh alright alright let's go rock Uli's
it's me and rock tart against the girls
and Gavin and these are the lines so
wait you guys are on that side we're on
this side I shadow lose it before school
tomorrow
yo whatever oh yeah I want to see that
actually you did oh did you film it on
your camera alright let's see this who
like who spoke in his head hey can I
come to anything no guys
come down above me come down here so
this is what our apartment looks like
right now we've got strollers strollers
and shoes people and laundry that's
folded by the way Shay I folded your
laundry so you can left me more and
thank me for that later anyways okay so
what are we gonna do tonight
are you coming into this okay I'm gonna
give you guys a demo okay ready yep I'm
gonna do that tonight really like these
teachers are legit they turn off the
lights
is it like black light like club a drink
you should make them do the drink mixing
thing with your protein stuff let me
I'll be up all night if any - oh you
don't want to go to hip-hop oh I think
he wants this hip hop like a bunny miss
se huh no nothing out Oh miss please
probably hungry let's be doing then go
to hip-hop there's gonna go to hip-hop
I'm kind of nervous I haven't done any
hip-hop type of dancing or since before
dachshund was born so this could be
really fun huh well way before I love
you all right let's see this this is a
big step I had a girl that was good
that's tough high five leave me hanging
oh look it's great to have cats I love
all of our cats that we have look at my
hands dude that white cat attacked me
we were playing but it got a little
aggressive brah
dude I'm gonna need one of your casts
remember that cast you had look I got
one too
the kitty scratched me can you help me
build a cast alright nice can I see that
real quick bro I just do this tend to
see that I just give me private I don't
think this is a very safe game you guys
should not be throwing balls in the
house if mommy was here she would be
very angry the end of another big day in
California and this is what we get to
look at beautiful right this is like the
postcard perfect picture right now right
the only thing that's missing is my baby
I like Jimmy oh yeah oh hey sunset sent
it you say daddy daddy daddy didn't miss
you I miss what are you thinking about
it
I'm thinking of fond memories you know
he said daddy a few times on this trip
he has and he misses him I have been
showing him the Shaytards vlog to
someone he loves watching the kids he
loves watching you shade I love it and
on the plane I was sitting next to a man
and I was in the middle and then
dachshund was on the window seat so he
wouldn't climb all over this guy that
was sitting next to me and the guy got a
sprite he looked over he saw this bright
and he was oh oh daddy like he thought
that Shay was sitting next to me and
would give him a drink of his sprite and
I was like haha but he would totally
give you a sprite right oh are you ready
to go see Brockie pants and Avia and
emmy do miss down he was the best little
bunny today oh my gosh I'm excited for
you guys as the opponent all right so
we're trying to teach the girls how to
do back flips and Emmy can't do it okay
we're all laughing - she makes this
sound every time she does it ready hurry
up one two three go okay I mean we're
some of them okay over there on the side
all right a backflip off the second
stair okay ready go one two all by
herself
ready one two three go barely even
touching yourself I'm coming over here
hold on this is a big moment big moment
just go hard you got it
flip and tuck hard one two three pop one
two three go
backflip off the second stair gonna do
again
yeah just jump harder you put your dude
you were trying to do a back handspring
you're putting your hands down flip like
you're doing with me just go for it hard
1 2 3 go I use putting my hands like
this good job
yeah one more time let Bravo brought
gets to do a couple of thrusts okay
alright alright MA believe what's your
name here one two three flip one two you
guys tomorrow okay well we just did a
hip hop class and I'm Way too
embarrassed to show you what I did it
was very sexual I was like oh wow I
don't know if I can do that it would it
was very difficult for me I was sweating
cuz it was really hot in there but I
don't know if I broke a sweat cuz I
couldn't get the moves well enough I'm
not very good at learning moves that's
okay
I'll just practice at home in my room
today I'll come and be like what are you
doing are you doing a jig or something
like non doing hip hop it's working I'm
working I'm working and I think
ultimately when we look back on the
history of the Shaytards
that's what we will remember mommy tarde
most for the infamous words leave me
alone I'm twerking what what a bad
influence she goes to LA for a couple
days and start hanging out with all of
her rowdy friends and pretty soon she's
twerking and I
clubs mommy tard you need to get home
back to them
good old Christian values that made you
you just kidding I love you dear and
she's on a plane right now she just
texted me a video of her and Daxton face
like aggressive like I will kiss that
that those baby cheeks Oh smother them
oh that's okay anyways I'm going right
now so I love you thanks for watching
or what's that another freaking long
vlog cuz I'm a dog sweet yeah click the
thumbs up button let me hear you out
there let me know you're watching let me
see you come on comment touch your
thoughts what I saw another text hold on
you guys want to see it's Collette we're
off see you soon I love you more than
anything or anyone Shae
should I read this - guys hold on this
is deep soul mate in my other half I
can't wait to be that's I gotta go I'm
going to pick up my wife at the airport
bye
