welcome to daddy daycare day 1 let's
begin you're in trouble young man run
off and make me worried sick for a whole
24 hours kid moaning mmm combing your
hair for school
good morning trying to look handsome for
that dude
good morning I am loofas face and my
daddy's weirdo my daddy's weirdo the
weirdest of all I got home yesterday
Sunday and zekiel Montgomery burns had
come up missing he decided to go for a
little jaunt through the mountains with
Broncs and somebody saw him and decided
that they were were using to get by or
so they took him and they took him to
their house and they called us and we
went and got him and we were so happy to
see him I thought he was gone so nervous
were you scared
oh you want the kids gave me kids he
just wants a kiss all right you ready
for school let's go see how demos are
Butthead you're doing oh I didn't see
you there Butthead what's going on get
ready for school get your shoes on
hey remember you're just human you won't
put your shoes on one at a time okay
don't try to be fancy put them on both
of the time okay try to show everybody
up and stuff so Colette's in Los Angeles
till Friday
and it's just me and the ninos she has
Daxton with her and I got these four and
now it's time to wrestle up some
breakfast hello and good morning to you
my love are you ready for a higher law
knowledge and learning and education
your sisters here and she wants to say
good morning and she's ready to have a
great day at school together yeah oh go
morning jumping jacks come on lupus kick
Oh No look who's here
oh he's so scary it's the neighbors they
have come to kill us
hello welcome to our house braylee if
you weren't any internet had it should
be a trixin hat bro come on
support the family business Hey you did
it come here imma give you one we wear
it all right ray you can take that one
move you know where that one can take
your headband oh maybe should give that
one to gage universe oh yeah you have it
you didn't you do Rufus hey dial okay
yeah there there you look cool what gage
style eeeh
he wants to style you gage got some
notes for the Hat huh she need to wear
it a certain way let's be nice to seek
gages style and looseness what is this
doing do don't worry this is what all
the kids are doing now it's cool cage
what are you doing I don't get it oh
you're making it tighter
well you don't put it on you don't
tighten it on her head that hurts here
hold still
alright see you later have a good day at
school go and play some hoops
alright oh hi guys have a good day I
love you you better hustle brother and
leave without you
all right fast forward the kids are home
from school did I film anything from
this morning I don't know if I did
hi welcome home from school what are you
doing we're done let's see this roof
looking good mr. rock Uli's guys did a
great job you guys gonna vacuum it now
yes get your monkey off the floor get
all of my monkeys up the floor and then
we can get the vacuum out and clean it
okey dokey all righty general sir is
that Olaf is that your voice I don't I'm
not sure if that's an Olaf you guys
blondie and Zeke cuddling in the master
suite
busted get a room I guess you did not my
room hi blondie hello yes it is good to
see you it's good to see both of you
back together I love you I love you oh I
ship your relationship that stuff
what's the fleek I'm not out to date
kids what is the fun the fun fleek I saw
it today Timothy DeLaGhetto tweeted a
picture of his girlfriend and said
cheeks are on fleek and I'm like dang I
don't know what that means but I bet it
means she has a nice bum that fleek
what's on flea fleek I ship your fleek
you ship and fleek her your fleek
shipper are you a fleek shipper that
fleek and ship flaker I knew he flicked
you sheep who like tushy you flicked a
sheep you schipper tell me a vlog yet
yeah you do
all right show him tell him what you
just showed me and I clean my bed and
then he said what did you say it's what
yeah you think you saying it's so cute
look at your little corner here dude you
got your cool little corner with all the
things you like and then the rest of it
is Emma's room I mean do you realize
that you are occupying 83% of the
livable space
Braque basically has like a little 7 by
8 corner over there that's his room we
can oh we should almost just put like a
little sheetrock wall there brah can you
have
own room I'm gonna be kachou a my bed
because I'm safe okay
mm gauges what why don't you like that
there you want to move it out oh well we
can if you want to move that that's true
cuz we're not gonna have TVs in here why
why do you want it there you have to
share the desk though will you share the
desk look as a thousand words and so
then you'll be occupying 87% of all the
liveable space in this room what about
over here
exactly good point so you want to make
up desk and a homework desk yeah where
do you think you're gonna put your water
slide what do you think you want that
hmm what'd I say
yeah don't get me any ideas yeah after
and we'll see about the desk left a vote
on it
broccolis you skip them skipping Malou
let's go see how those other kids are
doing I think we're going swimming
tonight
that might be fun you clean your room
yep maybe I just finished cleaners and
we clean the bathroom now cleaning the
other should we just give it an
inspection let's go give it an
inspection coming through the tree
strange things will happen in the blue
SHINee we're looking good
who are these wolf eyes I see all right
all right looking good looking good
you gotta get all this stuff off the
floor what's in those boxes be kind of
organized what kind of stuff let's get
all that out of there dude yeah we gotta
organize God you guys have a bunch of
freaking crap don't you you guys got a
bunch of crap
pointless worthless junk you don't need
look at all this stuff
let's give it away you want to I mean
like we should go through and take a
serious consideration of all the things
that you actually use like at least once
a week or let's just say even once a
month let's give it the once a month
test okay
if you don't use it at least once in a
month it should go unless it's like a
seasonal item like skis or something if
it's just sitting there taking up space
let's get rid of it
hello well well well what a beautiful
abode you reside in I like this this
looks nice
got your thingamajigger ZUP love that
you install the thingamajigger Oh
curtains right I don't know I don't know
your new kits with your fancy language
these days I can't keep up
alright looks good did you back him you
need to vacuum hurry and vacuum because
I got to take this up to Brock enemy's
room what is it there it is
speak of the devil speak it the Dirt
Devil huh huh no it's not a Dirt Devil
you want to go swim in tonight yes ok
vacuum your room I will go hey guys were
finally on the moms we said I haven't
been here for like 3 months so I'm
really pumped to be here and I'm really
planned to be here with angel hey and
her baby any day now is the time for
angel and it will be your time picture
it up is on the Miss do beautiful we
were really bummed that they couldn't
make it to playlist but tonight all
right we just finished our last episode
where we talked about diversity I feel
like it could have been at least four
episodes we could break it up into a lot
be NASA my shirt says that it says
clothes before bro I love it I really do
that's kind of inappropriate
not really some girls are cool like my
brows are cool really all right I'd like
for tricks and we should do a bunch of
these like very funny Grammys are super
in there not yet idea is we don't mean
we're getting ready to do our second
episode we're getting ready to our
second episode which will be a
self-defense thing I'm excited hey y'all
welcome back from the moms view set live
in Los Angeles California to the
mountains of Idaho where we're gonna
pause for a moment and watch this
glorious beast in his natural habitat
run the country sad Roman if you will
I'm on a small motorcycle and there's a
lot of ruts and I have outfall right
here that was dangerous shaycarl put the
camera in your pocket and Phil oh he's
got to go pee guys sorry that's
embarrassing cue the music and the
gorgeous dog my body
maybe need the song I'll drop this cross
of self-denial and I'll go see home to
God I'm going
to meet my Savior to dwell with him
I know
the key can come over the fact the other
one just jumped over the fence hi
I'm gonna get you a bitch if I run over
there a jumper over the fence I'm gonna
get you that's the little baby hi baby
don't be scared there he goes
sorry we're just saying hi do I have
your permission to put this on YouTube
excuse me I guess that means yes all
right we just had some pizza now we're
going swimming mom I want to see you
jump off the diving board okay that will
be a tree I asked it well you know like
in the cartoons when you jump off and
all the water water goes out of the pool
yeah that's what happened when you draw
oh oh there's hole all right we're going
swimming here we go
braylee nice hat no running by the pool
no running by the pool
Proc yeah there's Cooper there's Gavin
there's a rock climbing wall
there's Brock when I put those on we got
water wing duty everybody part of being
a dad its water wing duty you got to
have big lungs to blow up inflatable
devices here we go
that was easy
I challenge you to a one and a half dive
off going down old man down my dad
taught me how to do a one and a half off
the diving board so we're gonna have a
contest yeah
come on welcome welcome ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls folks of all
ages here we are at the aquatics complex
diving center we have two divers today
the first one well Johnny I'm not gonna
lie it looks like he's added an extra 30
to 40 pounds in the off season of diving
muscle I think that's what he likes to
call it let's check out the judges if at
any point during this dive if the board
seems like it's gonna break oh just like
that yep he's gonna get a negative two
deduction on that that's gonna hurt this
young diver score go Emmie
here comes grandpa grandpa
oh come on old man
well I think I won that one and a half
off as soon as my dad was in a half
alright let's see if a BIA can make it
to the top of the roll that is really
hard climbing that thing it's slippery
look look she just slipped nice job way
to hang on that is seriously hard it's
all soaking wet climb coupe try to beat
AV up the top who's going to get to the
top first
here comes Cooper who can make it Oh
who's gonna make it to the top it's hard
got it nice get to the top coupe can you
make her to that top ladies and
gentlemen it's tough I made it to the
top once
oh he slips look at Emmie you guys Emmie
her goggles are completely full of water
yet you still wear summer want to have a
little water polo match you're going
down buster oh oh that Casey LaVere on
the wall can you make it
watch out don't get below the big man
can you make it to the top
Casey's climbing can you touch the glass
he did it nice smooth spinning in the
pool mom and dad swimming in the pool
getting some extra CC Oh Oh dad's gonna
do something
backflip and the wad a nice job a be a
nice job guys we just had so much fun
swimming all right I'm gonna act like
you left your camera in here we're
setting the shot up okay guys I just
found Jane camera you'll have to died
tell you one new thing trying to set the
shot up she's like I want to show the
tricks and shirt off so my buddy I want
to Casey wrote that before
let's go are you ready Luther look boo
boo all right it's girl time all your
makeup and Jackson he fell and hit his
face show him that's not that's candy
penis right there a cup job my new home
and of course he had to do it right
before we film oh it's gonna look like I
beat you I don't meet him he hit the
table I'm sorry I didn't catch you badly
nom you give you be fools we're finally
in LA girls and we're filming tomorrow
daddy oh you are your daddy oh my gosh
Preston Oh dad swing something
he's got air spray and he pretends to
spray on his hand no I use doing that
cuz Brock did it to him the other day
he's doing the Mohawk ah you're so smart
no Hawking it why am I so proud that is
he is just frederique he is will style
your hair yeah oh yes the other day
brought came in and he had spiked up his
own hair and he had spiked up doctors
hair as well and now he's doing it he is
learning something very very cool it's
argue alright the close of another day
are you laying on your clothes to pick
for the next day what do you think we
should choose my lad I wanna see which
was your pick oh yeah
which one out of those four do you pick
Rock you picked that one Gavin picks
that one no way that one why do you like
that one
it's simple fun it in it it kind of it
basically looks like it's comfortable I
guess that way you see that's what you
like it a blouse something that's simple
yeah you know you don't like a piece of
clothing that tries too hard you just
want to base it all right Lucas that's
enough dude we just cleaned this room
pick okay Brock pick Gavin still says
this one the yellow one the black and
stripe drop you pick ABA you pick broad
picks purple ABA you picked this one oh
I see
alright we're laying out our clothes
picking out our outfits that's the
saddest part I don't have a pretty cool
wet that bed to lay next to me and
cuddle me kiss me softly tell me
everything's gonna be alright I just
don't know what if everything's not
alright
Oh God I need you to kiss my back until
me it's gonna be alright or nobody
okay goodnight I'll see you guys
tomorrow
say goodnight Zeke you big floor rug
alright love you guys we will see ya
tomorrow dude I ain't gonna lie to you
that was a dope log that was good I was
thinking about it every single member of
my entire family except now that I think
about it low-key bear you just freakin
ruin ah think about this my mom my dad
all my siblings
except for Logan my youngest brother all
my siblings wives well Casey's wife and
all their kids almost every single
Butler except Logan McKay which is his
middle name a lot of people ask that why
do you have different last names there
are middle names silly Logan wasn't in
this vlog but it was this is a memorable
vlog I just look at that footage of my
mom and dad swimming hi mom you're
probably listening to this right now cuz
she watches our videos I feel lucky and
blessed that both my parents are
together and alive and that we can um
and I'm getting emotional we can just be
together and that we can have these
moments to remember because we will die
ah yes
we all will die it's gonna happen but
it's good to have these times to
remember yo didn't think that was gonna
happen okay so click on a thingy in the
end slate yesterday's thingy thing click
click you know Logan why don't you guys
all text or tweet Logan here texting
I'll give you a self ready write this
down ha ha
can you imagine if I gave everybody
Logan's cell phone oh that would be
hilarious practical joke no I want you
guys to go tweet Logan and say hey
Shay's hanging out in his end slay of
his recent Shaytards vlog and he's
really upset that you are in his video
he want you to come and be with the
family like let's bring this family unit
together
also you better have those new tricks
and designs out by next week or you're
gonna get a big punch in your nose okay
tell him that you guys tweet him that
well you guys tweet Logan that I'm just
kidding all right love you guys I love
you Logan love you family I love all up
to you
I do click on some see you tomorrow
