would you want to get daddy stories per
say hi goo say daddy run get daddy a
ball and a car I think he would like
those things okay
oh you can make it up I don't know yet
do you have any ideas better it better
hi were you watching
I'm choosing carbureted the other kids
are watching Maze Runner and that was
quite spooky for him so he did not want
to watch it scared
did i getcha I'm a griever yes we did it
guys we had ice cream tonight it was
much fun let me show you the setup that
Emmy set up for us
she got ice cream out spoons bowls gummy
bears looks like those were a favorite
those were hit no back mmm those are
good too
and looks like nobody delve into the
cherries so was a movie ice cream night
and now I'm just missing shade
I love how - yes you were here to watch
movies and eat ice cream with us and
scare each other cuz you're good at this
I think I'm gonna fold some laundry
while we watch movies that's
multitasking guys that's what I got to
do when you have five kids it's really
difficult I think that sometimes maybe
in the vlogs you guys see a lot of like
hearts and flowers see parts of having a
big family and you know we're all trying
to be good family work together and
everything's happy but it's very
challenging today we had our challenges
whenever Shay's gone I noticed there's a
little bit of joy missing out of our
family because he always brings like
just laughter and fun and when he's gone
it's not like we don't have that but
it's a little bit harder you know so we
had some arguments today and there was a
lot of fighting it was the kind of thing
that I I like sat them all down we
talked about getting along and we did
this whole good conversation and then
like two minutes later they were
fighting again I know that we've all
been through that but it was just one of
those days so I'm glad that we're
finally relaxing having a movie night
they I have them clean their rooms all
day so their rooms are spotless but then
the kitchen didn't really get any
attention so the kitchens a mess but
whatever the rooms look great so I'm
excited to see Shay in two days no it's
not soon enough
I just miss him when he's gone guys I
love him yeah well I'm leaving Los
Angeles I was here and now I'm leaving
sorry Taylor I couldn't hang out longer
I just had a few quick meetings and then
I had to jet get on out of here yeah
this was a quick trip I had to run here
for the weekend and I didn't really film
anything more business meetings than
anything I had a lot of business meeting
some cool things and I hate when I can't
tell you guys stuff you know I hate that
but I can't tell you yet so I'm flying
home right now it's Sunday I'm headed
home I get back to Idaho at 6:00 the
family's gonna come pick me up so come
on my journey with me as we head on back
to Idaho
giddy up here we go Taylor Swift you
just hang on out here Carly's gonna be
here I think like later today
Carly's flying to LA for the moms view
and then Colette's coming in a couple
days I'm doing some laundry so I just
hey tell Carly I'm like hey I have I
have some laundry and the dryer where
you fold it for me
so Carly you didn't fold my laundry your
big jerk sister everybody tweet her make
sure she folded my laundry okay Carly
its right it's in there fold it and just
hang at my closet kay thanks sister
good morning it's a happy Sabbath day
and this morning is Scout Sunday at our
church so I'm trying to finish putting
all the badges on Gavin's shirt so if we
can he's where I'm help you're such a
good helper okay so he's got his arrow
of light which goes directly in his
pocket and I'm just using the
self-adhesive stuff that you can stick
to it and then you put it in the dryer
and it melts it on what is this would
you like to explain to them what this is
I scratched myself he scratched his arm
and we couldn't find band-aids long
enough it was from make it easy I'm one
of the kitty scratched your arm so
instead of wearing a bandage she decided
to wrap a paper towel around it with
tape because we don't have a bandage
that would work I mean he wasn't really
bleeding but you know it always helps
kids to put a band-aid everybody they
have it was a little bit red but it
wasn't really bleeding everywhere you
didn't necessarily need a band-aid we
disinfected it and we take a little
paper towel on it no don't take it out
I'll do it okay
we have to make sure we push it on
really good first are you excited for
the day when you get to wear a Scout
shirt yeah yeah good i grilled top yep
when you grow tall don't punch a camera
remember that makes people sad when you
punch the camera it makes them go Oh
Brookes punching me don't
Rapinoe then wrestle Oh then wanna
wrestle with brawn no just pretending
okay
there is the arrow of light suggesting
the seven days of the week we're having
light in our hearts I don't remember
I know it's I should know but anyways
it's a good thing all right now you
gotta go get ready for church okay
yes you do you can't go like that as
much as I'd love to take you and your
monkey jammies hurt my don't monkey I
love him and today daddy comes home
we're really excited dad we miss you no
weapons at church look I'm leaving a
little welcoming guy for Carly when she
gets her welcome to LA here's a breath
man and the minivan keys and the door
opener this apartments been really great
to have for when you know I need to come
back for meetings and Carly and Kaylee
need to come back for the mom so you
collect comes back for the mom - it's
been great to have okay here we go back
to Idaho let's roll all right you're so
handsome seriously you're just so
handsome let's see the arrow Michael
there did this is staying on okay
in the Salt Lake City Airport I figure
if I walk through with my glasses well
they're in my back pocket thought I lost
my glasses figure if I walk through the
airport with trixin I did have my
glasses up her I figure that maybe
that'll be a good way to advertise
because we are getting ready for daddy
be home we've missed him so much have
you missed daddy
even a little bit this much take flight
George oh me too
I miss him there's much I can't wait and
we made a dinner that much looking to
wait for that to help how much did you
miss daddy honey to miss daddy
say daddy you say love your daddy hey
daddy hey love your daddy say eat rahl I
love rolled not any weight I will get
you to talk one of these days we made a
good dinner firm we made roast beef well
let me just show you
we've got roast beef in here literally
hot boosting and mashed potatoes with
gravy and then asparagus lightly change
and rolls because those are healthy with
honey butter even better and just can't
wait I'm excited thanks for helping me
did I ain't got a scratch
from the kid he did get a scratch and he
wants to wrap it again in the favorite
child round it and tape all right he's
all about dressing wounds he loves it
all right let's see you cast cuz your
cast perfect man that was that was a
really bad injury I'm glad you have a
casts on it's a potent
that is a very nice dance I don't even
know what to call out I'm just gonna
film it shale put some witty thing in
later I am II are you gonna do it - that
is so good boom gage Gavin have you
missed che yes what do you miss most
about him thank you for them playing
Fifa just cuz you beat him every time
maybe maybe that's it oh oh that's good
in California we have to uh set in
father Jean I'm gonna go camping
she would always falling off a cliff
that sounds safe oh yes what do you want
to get daddy for his birthday would you
want to get daddy for his birthday I do
say daddy
run get daddy a ball and a car I think
he would like those things ah I never
chose we're going to tell me see daddy
and when he goes what it doesn't go yeah
we're gonna go do you know why we're
going
my birthday yeah well it'll be over his
birthday okay and he can make even I
don't know yet do you have any ideas
yeah haha
he knows his daddy
he knows daddy that's really precious
that mock my art I'm glad for dad to
show are you gonna do this present have
you missed a me yes what have you missed
most about him I love let me show how
easy I missed I'll create here yeah yeah
something how he's only making the big
jokes of family you're beautiful alright
we've got two guests tonight brightly
engaged and I didn't tell you guys but
do you know that your extra spending the
night tonight that doesn't mean you get
to stay up late and party
your dad is so new taught and so you're
gonna stay the night
party on a school night wait you're
going to bed early
okay what do you miss most about dad he
doesn't get to be with us at dinner
oh yeah it's fun having him with us at
dinner huh like to have big family
dinners we want time to be here cuz he's
funny he is funny he always tells funny
jokes at our big family dinners huh oh I
miss him he's on his way we didn't tell
them
so back in Florida Brock accidentally
left his bumble bee which is a
transformer toy at the swimming pool
and so assess Lee got it for him but she
had to get California with her and she
was going to send it but then she
decided it would be fun that she like
babysat him and then Shay would bring it
back with him on his trip so I'm going
to show you some of the things that she
did with him she showed Brock it's so
cute they had gorilla munchies and
Cecily also taught bumblebee how to
paint you taught him how to behave and
then she taught him how to swim and then
she taught him how to play video games
they played Mario Kart isn't that fun
yes does that make you excited to see
all the things that Cecily did with him
who's the first one that gets us my
girlfriend what's up hi give you a win
right you wanna see time
oh okay good job another park of mashed
potatoes I need it come on you miss me
Cave Rock Cara acid the Fourier via was
right here successfully took a bunch of
pictures and sent him to Brock she dad
his Buffy from playlist why so I'm under
strict instructions to break to you oh
right let me tell Cecily I'm so happy
safe at home
we'll have to send her some pictures now
which is it daddy kisses I miss chuckles
so cute I'm Justin baby
what are you making over here fancy a
little pinochle on a smoothie thing but
I don't kind of doing it right I think I
put too much oh it's good that's what
pinna or colada I hope you have just the
right pina colada for my blood
Everland really it's a big dinner night
at the butler house with all the shades
our kids including gage and Bailey dawn
and derivative whatever their names is
welcome to the Shaytards Bailey you ever
been here before yeah yeah you've been
here before
gage how many roles have you had five
okay don't have more than six that's a
little Michael Jackson kid I saw in the
boardwalk I put that on the Instagram
Brooksville looking at all my pictures
from my trip
there's bumblebee Cecily had him there
he is right there on the beach alright
Brock are you excited that you have your
bumblebee back yes I look so excited
that Cecily lot she's a good babysitter
huh isn't she nice thanks for watching
guys we found Ezekiel that Butthead he
ran away with Bronx when I came home
yesterday I got home about 6 o'clock and
he had been gone him and Bronx went
running or like out in the mountains for
like two hours and then I asked kaletnik
it I said where's Zeke at so I wanted to
give him a big hug and they're like we
don't know he was out playing with Bronx
so then we started looking for him and
we looked for him all night long too
like 1:00 in the morning screaming for
him couldn't find him
it was cold like below zero so I was
scared I was like worried sick didn't
see him the next morning finally you
know we were searching out in the
mountains I made an Instagram cuz I'm
like I'm not gonna have time to edit a
vlog today so I need to tell everybody
that I'm looking for Zeke and I can't
put up a video so then we finally found
Zeke because I put up a video on
Instagram this may or may not be the
reason but I asked you guys to pray to
help us find Zeke and no joke he had
been gone for 24 hours within 30 minutes
of posting that
let called me and said that she got a
phone call from a lady whose daughter
found Zeke put Zeke in her car because
she was afraid he's going to get run
over and then took Zeke to their house
and so then we went and picked him up
and we were so happy huh were you happy
to see Zeke again yeah we go up the
mountains and with we go up the
mountains and we were looking for Zeke
and he was frightened growing up we're
hiking huh it was fun to go hiking huh
we're looking for stuff and throwing
rocks and yelling at Zeke and whistlin
and we shot the gun huh Wow tell him we
shot the gun we shot the gun I love you
so it was actually kind of fun because
the search for Zeke turned into like a
little camping trip cuz we're just like
hiking around the mountains okay well
anything else Brock want to say before
we go this is a long endslate tell him
you love him tell him to click on a
video and stuff like that okay go hurry
um all right just say we'll see you
tomorrow
you see you tomorrow
