what do you guys think hmm it looks a
little bit more like a Jesus beard it
absolutely was started out as a duck
dynasty beard then was obviously a
shaycarl there but I think it looked
more like an epic Meal Time beard but
you know I think that this is just going
to have to pass off for an Abraham
Lincoln beard you've got green water so
what does that mean looks like pea
mm-hmm
so he should be in the water that
doesn't might be what is that I think we
need to investigate this a little bit
further
oh it's sparkles okay that makes sense
chicken you know Ed lucky dog a little
note deer and me have you thought I'm
trying to say to you to him love all the
baby teeth you were giving me thank you
so much please keep brushing your teeth
your pretty teeth oh and don't forget to
floss love you too
always tooth fairy oh yeah all right
well now you gotta go to school can't
take your pee Sparkle water to school
better you're ready are you wake two
little boy whoa sorry about that
are you waking up guess what you don't
have to wake up you get to sleep I'm
gonna go to school Jule tomorrow or
today today okay
I look like you suck all right you K you
can't go to school yet you gotta sleep
in so mom can sleep in after when I go
home I'm gonna eat my sock I love you
isn't that the most adorable picture
you've ever seen in your life it's so
cute
that's little baby I'm looking next to
do they look girl is that that it was
dolphin Oh little dolphin and little
baby and me I'm airing on the dog that's
too bright you're right today is a very
special day for Gavin he is going to be
in a wax museum to be his character that
he has done a report on who is going to
be Abraham Lincoln so Abraham Lincoln
has a beard and this is the beer that I
used to be shaycarl for Halloween the
beer is a little unruly so I'm going to
attempt to trim the beard to make it be
a little bit more like a presidential
beard Abraham Lincoln's presidential
build I don't think that looks any
better this is really hard to tame right
here I don't necessarily want to cut
more off of it I just need it to be tame
what do you guys think hmm it looks a
little bit more like a Jesus beard it
absolutely was started out as a duck
dynasty beard then was obviously a
shaycarl beard but I think it looked
more like an epic Meal Time beard but
you know I think that this is just gonna
have to pass off for an Abraham Lincoln
beard it's just gonna have to work cuz
that's as good as it's gonna get
what you think you still look like dad I
still look like dad so you think it'll
pass as an Abraham Lincoln beard no is
he I don't think he had mustache did he
oh I think you're right shoot I didn't
think of that Abraham Lincoln didn't
have a mustache
dad he had this kind of beard well he
could just wear it like this
does that look the same ahora beer in
his beard he is making this really hard
for me
but she has a point you're more
observant of your historical characters
than I am he didn't have a mustache hmm
well the funny thing this costume that
we got him actually comes with a beard
but it has no way to attach it to your
face
do you think this will work he brought
it to my attention that Abraham Lincoln
didn't have a mustache is that right
yeah she's right so you're gonna have to
wear it like this on your chin like this
for scores how would your nose about all
of all there's one of the rubber a
little bit up I don't know it you guys
should know that all right I think you
look like Abraham Lincoln I think you're
ready to go what do you think yeah
that's exactly how we wore it right oh
all right just got done with CrossFit
out of breath slightly feel like I could
throw up may I pass out next time
actually today a hundred and sixty
deadlifts and a mile run
no was eighty one hundred sick no was a
sixty sixty sixty one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars yeah forty when you
pack them in twenty one 1850 out at 66
deadlifts and one-mile run all right now
we're gonna go see Abraham Lincoln yes
let's go see Honest Abe shall we with
schools and seven years ago maybe one
day your big brother will be the
President of the United States you think
that will happen you can't punch him
though yeah hurts hurts me punch
mr. Lincoln thanks for all that you did
for our country
we barely get my brother looking for
stretch out into that sunshine find the
warm UV rays that are filtering through
that we know what all right I got a
hustle I just got the vlog up now I'm
gonna take a shower just go home from
CrossFit and seen Abraham Lincoln at the
wax museum now got to get ready to go to
Logan Utah doing a podcast for tricks
and clothing
all right filling her up I'm here in
Tremont Utah this is where we came
through in the Gran Fondo last year
headed to Logan going through that pass
right there this is exciting for me so
I'm coming down here we're doing a
podcast for trixin clothing and then
tonight I'm going to my brother Casey
it's hush and film hunting premiere but
I feel very nostalgic today this
clothing company is starting in Logan
Utah and that is where my grandpa Eugene
started his clothing company the Union
that's where my mom and dad met and
that's a main reason why we started this
clothing company together as siblings
and it's so cool that we actually are
doing it in the same town that my
grandpa started his clothing business
and that's where anyways if you go back
and you watch our podcast talking about
tricks and you'll hear the whole story
and why it's so meaningful to us all
right all right all right
Oh righty then here we are lucky bear
sign and some are these just for the
members or these forever all the
packages we shipped today will have a
signed nice day you're excited room so
here's all the shirts and sweaters and
stuff and here's all the packaging we're
shipping them out today tricks and
warehouses baby all right here it is
this is the trixin warehouse that we
just found two days ago
Derek this is two days ago we found this
- - and on when was it Monday we decided
to go to our house and today is Thursday
and look we already getting stuff done
there's the crew all right we're
shipping stuff out today those are all
the packages that are going out we have
to put all those postcards in them and
then we're gonna take some polaroid
pictures and put them in the packages we
thought it'd be fun to take random
polaroid pictures and just like slip
them in there randomly they on the
ladder
these are welcome postcards that bring
you had printed off that we're signing
we're gonna sign all these so everybody
who gets a tricks in order they're
getting a signed postcard welcome to the
family
yeah all right daehan's taking you look
so cute with that little yellow camera I
look like the most Asian tears of mother
all right
so daylan's getting Polaroid skate again
there it is gonna come out so we just
vlogged
taking this Polaroid and let's put it in
with this person let's see
I say we don't even ever look at him I
say we just put him in there and the
firt like the first time I want to see
him is when people tweet us pin open
yeah I want you guys like open the
package and then tweet me the picture so
I can see it the first time I don't even
want to wait for it to develop hey Logan
which one of these are members so these
three boxes are all subscribed members
all members just lucky person right here
Ari okay they're getting the Polaroid
and the signed postcard stuff it in
there don't find it don't bend it don't
bend it nicely
Dejan look it do I heard it to miss that
like shaking it actually doesn't help I
don't know I heard that's an urban
legend is that true that shaking a
Polaroid picture actually doesn't help
without cast lead us astray
I hope not what you gonna do shake it
like a Polaroid yeah outcast you messed
up all the Polaroid shakings I remember
my grandma doing that like in the 80s my
grandma would have these long nails
she'd be shaking a Polaroid picture of
me and like my brother and my sister all
right you guys we also just finished
shooting a podcast look at all that
footage wow it's a lot of hard drive
space what is that he sort of reels of
film we shot on film so we say we're
filming legit we're filming we just
finished a podcast in here Blake got it
set up last minute like dude with a
podcast fast in a room that's really bad
sound wise so they bought a bunch of
this foam foam the crap out of it like
killed it so check out the podcast it's
gonna be on the trixin youtube channel
the tricks in YouTube channel everyone
uh alright we're signing postcards we're
packing orders we're getting stuff done
Harley
so my name CA r li e all this stuff
we're gonna send out today alright i
just packaged my first tricks in package
i'm proud of myself
hey blog do you want to be in this
Polaroid picture that's yeah subscribe
you guys from being a Polaroid picture
ready everybody look at the camera ready
every thumbs-up alright let's see the
picture here it comes
a lot of selfies of logan one or two
there's Danny there's Carly and Bri
there's che their shame Logan so you
might just randomly get one of these in
your package if you ordered trixin just
random random Polaroids oh there's me
that's my beard Pilate woman asking
where do we ship so Jessica from Aspen
Dale Gardens Australia order something
and Sam from Chester Chester Great
Britain England GZ second selfie take
one of this and we're gonna play
Polaroids in these awesome got yellow
Jessica and Sam we're putting bull reins
in and what's going on to Australia
what's going to England
yeah thanks I got it into Jamel ok here
take one of me okay so this one is for
Sam okay old Sam's you guys victors have
them I was like Sam here's your picture
come your mom's there it goes back in
development that Sam is for you alright
there it is Kelly I dress so look at the
address alt cat with package yeah it's
coming to you there's nothing record my
vid is just like attacking people
let's get one of that Dirty Sanchez on
your lip oh yeah a good one
oh yeah they're gonna love that is one
happy customer no question that's the
best part you don't know can wait
where's the one that you just took of
these two I need those they're
developing right here these are these
two okay this is Cinda melancholic yeah
I like I like packing up the last of the
boxes guys packing unpacking and packing
and packing them getting them packed
Logan is master Polaroid and call him
out you guys just got another Polaroid
and let's see all these we're not one
where I was picking up a box I felt like
that was some of my best Polaroid work I
was like mid box are all you packed it
already I was picking up a box it looked
really tough I was Harley is everything
I'd be perverted to you Charlie's not
Blake oh yeah we got a sweet some sweet
skate ones
oh we're that one of you go yeah yeah
yeah look at that one where someone with
the board did find me on eHarmony I like
long walks there's a pretty cool on a
low gamers kinetic farmers connect yeah
blackpeoplemeet.com oh yeah there it is
guys there's me picking up boxes out of
the factory right there sorry we're so
late
alright this is the best part about when
you're doing a fulfillment for yourself
is finally getting them to the post
office because then it's like out of my
hands now hopefully the post office does
their job so here's all the tricks and
stuff let's go USPS don't let us down
alright boys looking handsome day on an
open line up a little different look
we're here at Casey my little brother he
has a film premiere for his hunting
brand where he made a movie a hunting
movie that he's showing here at the
thing oh I saw it here we are here we
are man premiere I'm a little
overwhelmed but yes not ready to go down
we have people like this showing up this
watch
hi mom you got Logan and J home okay
when a vlog mom
all right here's mom and aunt Lysa
taking ticket you see we're busy sorry
sellout case we sell total sellout such
a sellout sold-out the entire theater
yeah okay start trying to talk loud as
you can
we're gonna bring a megaphone we can put
out yeah thank you so so very much for
coming out tonight
it means absolute world cleaner that you
guys could have support us but more than
just support us I feel like we're
supporting the industry itself and
outdoorsmen which most of us are but at
the same time there's a lot of people
that aren't hunter than ever had said
each day of our lives we make deposits
in the memory banks of our children
now an adult with children of my own I
find myself making small daily withdraws
from that childhood account
I can still remember that first October
morning nearly 25 years ago I woke up at
4 a.m.
hiking all day and he found boots not
much more than a granola bar and a
bottle of water in your pocket is
probably not on every six-year-olds
Christmas list / you are a child there
is nothing greater that knowing your dad
wants to spend time with you doing what
he loves teaching you what he knows and
I don't don't know what else to say it's
done it's done
yeah I'm very very proud of my brother I
texted him tonight and I told him dude
that was legit there was a ton of people
there hit a bunch of sponsors and I just
really proud of him he's living you know
that's like you know kids are like oh
you're never gonna be able to play video
games for a living that's like the dream
right like but my brother loves to hunt
and now he's hunting and making these
films and he's able to make a living
doing this and then you know what the
clothing company my sister has loved
clothing and fashion and style if you
just go to our Instagram it's like Oh
enough of your shoes already like to see
her be able to work at a clothing
company that we want to develop and
she's going to be able to design the
women's clothing and it's really cool
and I'm grateful to YouTube to be able
to work with my family to do projects
together and to support each other and
just being there tonight my aunt my
uncle my mom and my dad and all the
siblings and friends from high school
that I haven't seen like 10 years all
showed up and it's a it's a cool thing
to be able to collaborate with your
friends and family on projects you feel
passionate about and we appreciate your
guys's support whether it's just
watching a video every once in awhile
and you're like oh yeah those that's
that annoying family on the Internet I'm
gonna check out whether to their videos
or you've been here from the beginning
and you watch every day and you click on
all the end slate links wink wink click
on some now we appreciate any of you who
have been a part of this story in a part
of our lives and we just want to say
thanks so today was a big day like I
said I was feeling nostalgic a lot of
historic things happened in our lives
today so I will look back on this video
with much fondness hi Shay it always
trips me out when I think about talking
to myself in the future what's up I hope
everything went good
