Superman ready to save the world don't
you like to cook things Chewbacca
how do you do Chewbacca is alright good
morning everybody
okay so I made some eggs this is Gavin's
new favorite recipe they look the color
is a little off but there's Cajun
hanging up the recipe and they're really
good Gavin like a chef he likes to cook
things yes don't you don't you like to
cook things likes to think of different
things that would taste good with other
things and he puts them together and
he's right they taste great together so
you need some Cajun eggs this morning a
vet is getting ready for her book report
thing hoot you know what my favorite
part is this articles in the O's it's
only four minutes oh that's so
frustrating
at least you're gonna pass out cookies
that's fun you know why if you're the
fast talker if she breathes and kind of
slows down her words she'll hit the five
minutes but yeah fast talkers it's hard
to give the five to seven minute
presentation when you're a fast talker
guys I'm not a fast talker I'm not
really a fast I can't think that I just
talk really slow yeah see I'm not a
stalker all right you the ladies are
beautiful
hey guys okay so you see me okay all
right so here's the thing
we lost our vlog camera that's why
you're getting Halloween footage today
cuz we lost the camera Shay gonna find
it anywhere I gotta find it anywhere
we're like when's the last time we had
it we were trick-or-treating so we knew
that it had to be somewhere on the trail
of trick-or-treating
luckily Casey actually found it for us I
haven't actually spoken with him to find
out where he found it but found the
camera this is the footage that we have
it's I don't know if Collette vlog
getting these but she came home from the
store and I was editing the vlog I'm
just recording this on my phone really
quick so I don't know where the camera
is and I wanted to get my reaction
anyway she was trying to hide it from me
and it looks like this is what we're
gonna be tonight she's gonna be Darth
Vader got some Darth Vader socks Darth
Vader hat and it looks like I I'm gonna
be Chewbacca Wow how do you do Chewbacca
is that right no I don't think that's it
close maybe no anyways I just saw her
laid these out and I start cracking up
so I got a Halloween costume thanks babe
that's funny you guys doing I'll be
embarrassing mommy's like why are you
ashamed of our love another great day
but we're talking tonight
look we're holding hands come over you
shoes on
behold skill talent
blondie you're gonna mess it up Oh
blondie you always mess it up oh she's
gonna have even less time can she do it
no no no positive say there's no way
I was gonna be impressed if you got that
one are you really gonna try to put your
foot down like there's no way blondie
ruined it
what's up Beth thinner gotta get a
better I'll get I'll get it I'll get it
I'll work on ya can you make it a little
more hit I had it so good you did
actually heavy and they sing the
Halloween oh I like it ring it was a box
it was a spot it's a monster mask it
wasn't a monster mess and it was gone in
a flash and Superman ready to save the
world
That moment when you're sick and tired
of your Halloween costume but your shoes
are still on because you're too
impatient and you just want the dang
thing off already because you got a
sugar high and you're claustrophobic and
the Ninja Turtles are beating up the
blueberries Logan help your nephew
claustrophobic yeah yeah thank you
saying freedom there inside thanks uncle
Logue got it I'm always the costume
remover cashews stacks are you gonna go
trick-or-treating now or you're done
you're done we haven't got triggered
treating yet quitters you got a Darth
Vader and a spider web lady over there
oh hey Darth Vader's what are you why a
spider it's cute we'll be back on track
tomorrow with more regular footage but
yeah a little bit bummed we didn't get
any shots of the kids with their candy
and stuff like that but you know
most of its gone and I'm throwing away
any pieces that I find because I'm like
on this sugar high what too much sugar
okay calm down all right
we love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
and that will be a regular vlog and yeah
that's all I am doing yeah
my house is a mess every room looks like
this there's piles I'm working on it
it's tough guys whatever
I'm just embracing it chaos oh hey hey
buddy what you doing this is a little
kitty that he just sneaks in the house
he waits by the door I swear he's
waiting by the door 24/7 I mean most of
the cats stay in the garage but this one
he just made the house his home whatever
whatever flash you just go find yourself
some snacks on the floor don't get into
any chocolate though it's bad for you
anyways let's go see what the boys are
doing Oh boys how are you ratatouille
yeah I had to take all the sheets off my
bed because somebody he's the bed I
peeked to know you didn't know you don't
you're nice you love everyone yeah maybe
oh wow yeah so he never piece aside you
guys he's been potty training and he's
been so good so I haven't put a pull-up
on him at night the bed last night in my
spot I'm like ah you stinker all right
thank you say goodbye to these lovely
people bye bye hey don't say that yummy
oh I forgot to show you one thing Brock
did the dishes for me he is such a
sweetheart
he put the gloves on and he put a little
apron on and he did the dishes these are
the clean dishes they're sort of clean
this one I need a little more help but
he he washed him and cleaned out the
sink really what this external just does
that because he knows I'm stressing out
about the house being messy so sweet
i'ma go tell him thank you Rock thank
you buddy
hey I for washing the dishes hey I love
you
all right I have been informed that I
need to come and see some soup you mean
sue with what Oh looks like a really
delicious
you should come you're coming on it's
part of the soup
I mean don't diss the soup I feel like
ill oh wow and you use ninja stories
sister this outside a bit soon I have a
feeling it's gonna be my favorite soup
of the whole year did you make that
Daxton I'll buy yourself a gentleman I'm
very good good job Oh MV if you just a
soup you can't start girlfriend take
this out okay how bad news for you
we have to brush our teeth and go to bed
no yep it's true nope it's bedtime
mom such a party pooper always dude talk
about most disappointing happy halloween
Shaytards vlog such a loser
you guys I have lost both of my vlog
cameras in the last 72 hours so
frustrating my one camera with the
leather strap I went hiking and I think
I lost it up on the mountain and then
the other night we're out there doing
the trick or treating like good moms and
dads is walking around thing you took a
picture giddy say please and thank you
and I lost my camera I couldn't find it
all night and I was freaking out if you
follow me on Twitter you saw that I was
tweeting about it but then my brother
Casey found it at my mom's house so
really lack of footage you know didn't
get a lot of the cuteness going on sorry
about that I'm bad at cameras half of
the clips in this video are for my
iPhone because I can't find my stupid
camera anyways I have the camera back
we'll be back on schedule tomorrow sorry
guys
short don't mad love me love me please
just let me observe that video see
move
