alright bedtime
hey now let's go come on daddy that's
your look buddy when it's time to go to
bed time to go to bed
don't question us okay hey mommy was he
high hey everyone
yeah like if she just puts her paw in my
hand and just leaves it there like are
you okay this is a safe place I don't
know I'm not sure about this yeah
and I couldn't find her collar either
what's the vet and we're just checking
up on her and see if she's okay checking
for a microchip doesn't sound I don't
hear anything yet so we just had her
check from microchip and she does not
have one so I don't know what else we
can do to find who you belong to
did you find a ball boys just do you
have to do oh there's a baby to paper
before you do now stop getting in the -
you think you're so funny
hey how we'll talk is how many two in
custody try that again how many teeth is
that fine right you've lost five teen
movies that from Jack Frost jet project
T face but I did it's the Guardian
what's it called no that's great in the
galaxy rise of the Guardians that's what
it is that's what it is is it a baby boy
she's like wow he's like he's carrying a
bag your honor Ellen it's just like the
bread ball at remember I swallow
- what I was eating a red ball it was
just like it with it but it was
watermelon they didn't know it good
thing yeah yeah yeah mom flowers even
what am i thought about that mom's death
ticket about it
I saw something hard this is couples
yoga come together with me ah so we're
back from the vet
obviously blondie did a great job she is
overweight she's an overweight dog which
is weird to me because she was not I
mean she was that heavy when she came to
us and we didn't really feed her for the
first while hoping that she would go
back home but she's still heavy so we're
thinking she may have a thyroid problem
we're gonna try cutting out some food
first and then Manila see if she has a
thyroid that was the vet suggestion we
got her all vaccinated she does not have
a microchip we love to have her around
she's a very sweet dog blondi dexon is
doing this on the draw recovered head
injuries and funny reminds me of
remember when you would hit your head
with a water bottle and he would crack
up I think he's trying to real good URI
en okay no more be nice to your head
apparently head injuries are funny the
baby
Holly we're all right are you making her
eggs oh wait no you're making your dog
egg he's cooking eggs guys for his dog
of that why because then the pet
dietitian experts were going to let me
have a comment oh oh oh I thought that
raw eggs and eggs were good for animals
well I've heard of people giving Great
Danes raw chicken diet I heard people
giving Great Danes chocolate pudding
right I don't know what he's gonna say
guys I'm really waiting for it to I
don't know
anyways we're doing homework how you
doing
loofah loofah wow I'm totally zoomed in
sorry but a zoo oh sure no zoomin
zoom-out
what don't be obnoxious little girl like
mother was funny okay dinnertime
dinnertime dinnertime dinnertime
dinnertime with kids I'm having dinner
heaven Manor with the family clothes
saying it's so true the mornings we all
dispersed and we go about our days and
we learn things we achieve things and
create things and meet people to talk to
people and we're gone from each other
but then at night we come back together
and the butler's reassemble like we're a
transformer you guys with all transform
together to make an awesome family
what tactically whatever an angel well
we read this non-fiction book and it was
about worms and if you like cut a worm
into two pieces it can still look live
separately serious yes is that true yes
good let the bugs act please don't go
around cutting worms yeah that's a good
point you know cutting worms we do not
promote that here yes would be the hoop
family will be transformers yeah great
idea
you didn't look on the diet but today I
don't know how to run it now well get on
your app on your phone you got voted
most popular player on the diet bet most
popular and you had the most liked
replied to comment on the diet bet -
gosh cuz I was crying cuz I didn't know
if I can make weight or no my mom said
she felt like a wrestler dad and mom
both hit weight how much did you lose
dad six point six point four pounds
mom how much you lose six point well
it's different because it's percentage
percentage that's blowing me away
anyways I left three point one percent
three point one percent proud of you
are you feeling good not last night I
had diarrhea real okay well just cut
that part out
I'm just looking at tweets and somebody
was that make you mad
did you see it funny I put my boogers in
Colette's hair mom no you think that's
funny
no that was rude I saw I'm watching you
watch no thanks for the tweets guys I'm
read your tweets I like to read your
tweets
do you see your face do you see yourself
look there you are there you are hey
everybody
Oh mom has some to say what to say you
guys like my new haircut no I got a flat
today cuz I don't feel good today at
work we had to tie up 2,000 names for
Casey today you wear the whole thing is
film premiere yeah Casey has a hussion
film premiere that we're all going to on
Wednesday tomorrow in Salt Lake City so
you won't be there so I'll just
vlog it analysis tape oh great don't you
feel better when you make nice comments
and when you make mean comments are you
reading all the comments there were
16,000 comments yesterday it's a lot of
comments I don't know dad how many of
those were yours
zero see guys my father hates people
I don't know never comments on my daily
Sundays when you're in a bad mood feeds
on that hey pizza face how's that pizza
hey Soph space did you ever
hey Brock did you have a good day today
huh did you say you had a good day today
yeah check okay good boy alright we're
home from Grandma and Grandpa's house it
is time to get ready for bed to school
night let's get some dog some dinner
what report oh yeah Abraham Lincoln
Gavin has to stand like a slack's
Abraham Lincoln tomorrow for two hours
what are you gonna do the whole time I
told him I'm gonna come in and try to
like make him laugh yes he sit there for
two hours there's like there's part of
our age
not using i understanding oh yeah I
think in Lukas lost another toofus and I
didn't pull out five five two phases for
Lucas's good job lupus lupus and you
have a cool hat on we be loyal jokes
alright it's bedtime let's start to
brush those teeth hey guess what bedtime
can you get ready for bed did you brush
your teeth already you did okay come on
let's go get in bed gotta do a jump
first alright bedtime
hey now let's go come on daddy that's
your look buddy when it's time to go to
bed
time to go to bed don't question us okay
we are the authority around here respect
out of thora top get in bed respect our
authority little boy get yes
get in bed just like my authority
what are you the babies in here baby you
are not respecting our essaouira time
you need to get out of that bed and get
in your crib young man wow you're making
a note for the tooth fairy
can I see what it says we read it it
says dear tooth fairy oh yeah I'll go
ahead you read it
your teeth today I lost five teeth
that's it no this is my fifth one that I
have lost that's all I'm gonna make my
no what are you gonna say to her tell
her you love her yeah Valentine's Day
happy Valentine set alright hey are you
respecting my authority I gave him this
shirt bro tard a boat our church wrote
our boat or debarred that's one of the
great changes of adulthood you learn to
love sleep you want to sleep in you
already want to do that as a kid but as
you as you get older you're like yeah
let's go to bed
it's 10:00 p.m. at night yeah I think
it's time to go to bed let's go to sleep
that sounds fun father I would like some
water father father may have some water
father deep
now nom nom nom de la yeah do you guys
want to see what my new robot
toilet-seat does miss please I need to
go potty and then there's a controller
when you sit down you can have a warm
seat basically it shoots water on your
bum it's like a bidet and you can also
heat the seat and you can choose the
heat of the dryer blows warm air on your
bum when you're going potty you can
choose to have an oscillating stream of
water you can choose the intensity of
the pulsation of the cleaning device use
your imagination if you will it's very
refreshing Z don't judge it till you've
tried it and it's pretty cool because
the toilet seat just lifts up as you
walk into the room which can be
terrifying at 3:00 in the morning when
you forget that you have a robot toilet
seat and it like jumps in like whoo oh
yeah we got a toilet see that opens on
its own it freaked me out the first
night we have that toilet seat just
closed the Sun is going down you'll be
alright no
one can hurt you now come morning light
you and I'll be safe
