I love you your hair cells good good
morning
it's time to wake up some babies let's
see if this baby's awake oh he is empty
you need some more
come on I'll get you some breakfast
ba ba hi good morning good morning
pumpkin yeah won't come out of that crib
see ya dad let's get out of here I'm
gonna bust out of here I'm ready to
start my day let's go wake up your big
brother see what he's doing he's being
lazy again we're gonna come bite your
butt if you don't get out of that bed
wake him up
work up brother wake up brother it's
time for another glorious day let's
change our lives morning love you
hey little CrossFit huh no no boys
school okay let's get ready for school
get up Monday morning 8:57 a.m. February
16th it's President's Day 2015 we're at
the CrossFit gym it's a beautiful day
it's a very beautiful day I'm in good
spirits this morning I stayed up a
little bit later than I'd like to last
night wasted a little time watching the
Saturday Night Live 40th anniversary 40
years man that's crazy I watched that
show
I've watched out with my dad for a long
time so like I've I'm definitely a fan
of SNL I've kept up with it over the
years it reminded me of our mortality
you see all those people on stage and
like man those are legends in this
business and they're old and we're all
gonna get old and we're all gonna die
just right is that how's that for comedy
look at all those funny people that are
gonna die yeah anyway let's go do some
CrossFit so we feel alive good morning
nice
nice 43 inch bust it's scary it's so
mental girl hey excuse me sir would you
like to play with a kitty
Katie's crazy Katie hi Katie hey goes
where to go there's a kitty is he cute
Gary say I love that kitty what do we
name him what's his name I know
whitey Messiah means is the other side
'yes we have fire mama if you please
give him the kitty he wants the kitty
hey Co he's like loves them and afraid
of them at the same time see we've heard
he's purring
wanna pet him good kitty good kitty
alright so oh my goodness prospect I
look at this house we have been busting
our butts and by we I mean Colette has
cleaned this house amazingly looks good
babe props to my wife I'm gonna go give
her a kiss so we have a camera crew
who's coming over again is so ASL ASL
Salt Lake City news reporting live here
live is Daxton Butler just got his
flannel shirt on once his daddy to pick
him up will you happen I don't know so
okay
squat Oh wha oh I got him
so the news is coming over and so you
got to look nice and have your house
clean and pretend to be a happy family
when the news comes over act like you
love me what house it's gonna be your
booty pocket
my birthday's not for another couple
weeks but thanks for reminding me I'm
gonna be 35 years old pop boy you a 35
that's an old man old man or 35 years
old
not cool hipsters like me you are a
collapsed ER look I have bicycles on my
shirt
can you see him um are you camera UDP
that that bicycle shot don't get the
drool right here from Dax Dhoni Paxton's
the baby
we finished our interview now I'm
compressing the vlog and Colette is
compressing her nap sleeping's and and
then we have the rest of the day off
because it's Presidents Day and the kids
don't have school so we're just hanging
out and uploading the vlog and what are
we gonna do for dinner babe
well you wanna do something tonight I'm
gonna go out to a movie or something fun
I be fun huh
it is a school night still huh I love
you
your hair smells good what's going on
over here what's going on it's a baby
laughing she got you get away get away
hurry run run right away he was scared
her the car then he's scared yeah where
is he
it could be anywhere oh there is like
the kitty kitty likes you
pity there he goes what do we name this
life I don't know ask rusty the snow I
know one of the black ones isn't peaches
that's right yeah how ironic of him ha I
can hear that Cap'n I feel like that I'm
gonna be the one that's like one the cat
lottery that's gonna bit to live in
really I haven't felt any allergic
reaction I haven't like lately commit
because y'all fun in look at him hanging
out best buddies Guinea here I think we
could teach him to ride Zeke yeah what
if she would all right it's time to do
my Maze Runner responsibilities what's
the agree the grievers is that what it's
called the kids are into the home run
the gates gonna close the mazes already
changing there after you run look Adam
they're running you only have a few
moments all right good job the kids are
in the house
well hurry shut the gate the grievers
are coming all right back
so post Valentine's Day dinner where is
being utilized and tonight's dinner
we have roses Pizza carrots right
ducks why are we getting pizza it's a
healthy no dad
but it's delicious Wow where'd you get
those you get your little treat back out
you lucky monkeys that's cool
would you please Valentine's Day with
Mickey Mouse that cool Oh your turned
off your alternate Mechelen there you go
awesome
dinnertime conversation question Gavin
go ahead what a bad example you are is
there your first says who do you have to
have your ears pears to be beautiful
and you don't have to try so hard
something I just start singing that song
who said that Emmy yeah good job I mean
it's smart we don't have to pierce our
ears to be beautiful right I shadow
jeez cheer-mom easy on the makeup yeah
sure the likely story
you having a good dinner it's yummy huh
so definitely my thirst yeah it's
delicious
I was 18 years old was only for two
years
yeah my ear pierced right here once when
I was 18
yeah I didn't know first girl she
pierced our ears I think she I thought
she was cute the girl who worked at the
earring kiosk in the mall let me have
like you that you want to do you have
any good to say what yeah I say
something funny here good lies I'm going
on Thursday though Oh
cliffhanger what beach could I be going
to hmm she's gonna be awesome
Hey in all honesty I want to say thank
you for all of the very nice positive
supportive Daxton what do you two good
part in the background Jackson's in the
tub thank you for all the nice comments
man yesterday's vlog was jam-packed with
very nice comments and some funny ones
Jackson thought there were some definite
funny ones yeah I hear you bro he wants
to get out of the tub alright thanks for
watching guys click on yesterday's vlog
if you missed it if you're feeling lucky
click on that feeling lucky blog in him
someone do you know how to do this dance
like Daxton that is enough flatulence
young man that is enough flatulence to
fill this entire room alright love you
guys we want to say tomorrow
bye bye
