hi I'm logging here Saturday morning 9
a.m. we wrapping flowers you got this
we're late we have a gymnastics we're
just trying not to be late gonna be late
you better wrap that flower girl wrapped
if that was good we got gold nastic zigs
eat this breakfast you later guys I'll
be here watching the house we have an
infestation of kitty cats what do you
guys hungry - alright I'll feed you who
wants breakfast kitties want breakfast
is the kid in want Everett Ruess the kid
is just justly want the real young am I
gonna so any gas he's a reckless
young young kinis one - yum yum yum yum
ok nothing you gather their food Jegs
the guys told us tonight bye-bye kiddies
Adam alright come get it don't get it
your scoundrels you scallywags oh the
other ones are just looking up the
leftovers come on come get the real
stuff while the other
there's plenty for all of y'all there's
a giant bowl let's gather round
everybody gather what if we got all of
you guys a camera Hey okay so we were
just having a family discussion about
the comments lately are so me yeah
negative and the kids are like like what
like what do they say so we told him and
so we we told him what you guys say
about him mm-hmm and we said they say
things like uncle that looks pregnant
she's gonna have baby numbers ah mommy
guards looking fat or rock-hard is so
annoying
oh he's just screaming in the camera all
teach him some manners not to chew with
his mouth open but you're such a bad guy
rad she's so red have√°-- is so
obnoxious she's so selfish she's always
like just jumping in front of the camera
it's always about Avia I'm so annoyed
that she's so confident or saying
Cattleya still sucks her thumb oh my
gosh
oh I can't believe it all you got it so
he's over way all you should exercise
yeah loser horrible parents take care of
your pets hey shades always yeah your
horrible pet owners you don't ever feed
your animals you horrible this is fun
yet yeah that's what I did that's my
more marrow it's my job that's actually
that's why they hired me that's what I
did in my audition I nailed it so I held
it so we're just talking about you know
we're just I don't know we're just being
real and honest we don't read the
pumpkin
so romantic happy Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day baby um well I was
grateful as the kids didn't seem
deterred by it I was waiting I was
waiting to hear like what they thought
and so we asked them we said kids what
do you think about the comments do they
bother you yes are you angry I've had a
selfish ha ha ha I also said to the
kids I said does it bother you guys that
you even have to deal with that in the
first place that's part of your lives I
said what if we're just a regular family
that didn't do YouTube videos and they
said to just ignore is just right see
listen so you guys like to do YouTube
videos yeah so what if I don't want to
do YouTube videos anymore then I'll make
you ha ha ha there's a serious question
for you guys here's a serious question
for my viewers so people have watched me
would you want me to keep doing this if
I didn't want to do anymore
would you force me into life you have to
make videos like I want to do this cuz I
love it not because I have to do it
right right that's the point I guess do
you love it so much
I do love it still but when I don't love
it when I'm getting yelled at people are
like this is your job I don't love it
I don't love it really like that I don't
know no we're not going there ok we
gotta go all right
I mean lupus is before
ready to extreme the my kiss
good job ME ME that was a great round
off toe touch nailed your girl that's
hard knowing not far away oh my god all
right we're taking flowers to baby tard
right after oh my god cross man legs are
so sore
hey you look good in those pants I'm
playing that is so good I was so proud
of you it made me crying it does Michael
teary-eyed whoo good job
hey it's so good I'm so proud of you
nailed it
sugar leaders are everywhere ABI Butler
up next is gonna do a back handspring
she's been practicing all week let's see
if she can nail JZ Butler good a lot
other YouTube channel
yeah
- fancy
jabya there you go congratulations
congratulations yeah ready give that to
Bailey hey you nailed your back
handspring two of them good job proud of
you
look who I just saw running by a little
boy playing with a store where'd you get
this
so you put tape on that I guess plan the
maze runner yeah we need to get stuff
like supplies for next month because
next month all the favors will be back
so the whole March we can't go on this
area so that's why all this hide right
now all right get your supplies that's
scary
hey gage while you're running through
the mountains careful not to fall on
that Kay bro and I'm the lead runner
Laidback lead runner Jesus Marlena
sestet mm barrel all right trainees run
gage seriously be careful with that
thing my hell you're an adult you're
like that's gonna you're gonna but when
you're a kid you don't care right
anyways
got a little we gotta let him live mammy
you gotta let him live their life you
know
okay bye I love you get rocks get him
yeah bite him just she rubs on him
you guys are like best friends now
remember when you guys first met you
guys they were always like fighting each
other it's time to shoot the machine gun
again guns are fun Casey's out here
shooting the machine gun
good by me I'm gonna shoot that sage
burr see if I can hit it I hope he can
hit the bush on the side of that
mountain
yes you are sitting I can hear it you
can hear it hitting the side of the
mountain yes we're having bush for gonna
tonight you can hear going Oh
thunk in the side of the mountain Dada
Dada cha-cha-cha uh yeah don't don't
come running around in our backyard cuz
we're shooting lots of bullets
Saturday evening on the porch and it is
so gorgeous out here Casey got himself a
Valentine's Day present Kaylie that's
what you got Casey for Valentine's Day
oh so romantic seek it out of there that
is that is romance right there
steak and crab legs mmm that's love
we're just grilling up some steaks on
Saturday night look at that case that is
one I dare you to complain yeah
be Blasius sequins woman I found Cupid
Colette why you let this baby have two
suckers who gave you both of those
suckers young man he's like I don't know
who trusted me with two suckers but I'm
not complaining I got two suckers yeah
who got the marker all over your face in
man huh
did you do that oh no no no no no my hey
you know what we should do with five
kids get white carpet that's a great
idea
wait no it's not yes whose idea was that
sure oh I want clean carpet we can't all
have what we want now can we well we
really didn't do anything for
Valentine's Day
take happy Valentine's Day here at home
happy now
is he still eating suck no showing what
we did do what you did for me I did
something very this is you wanna see
Colette's Valentine's Day present
was the easiest Valentine's Day present
ever because I already bought it for her
Colette told me that all because
Valentine's Day kind of snuck up on us
because it's like got back in playlist
it's like Oh Valentine's Day so clicks
that all I want is my hutch from mom's
house so we went to mom's house and we
got her her hunch mom get out of my
videos that is such a swell no sugar
babies what you ask your mother you know
what I'm good of it don't I sit right
there so I got this hutch from my mom's
house and brought it up here for
Collette good job mom and then we also
got this new I got here happy
Valentine's Day I love you thank you
dude you flinched like I beat you that's
not good when I put my hand after you
flinch that's like a sure sign that I
abused you okay you always do that
helpful when I put my hand up oh well
this is my reaction
yeah I always tickle right here it's the
shoulder to ear thing Oh
protect your shoulders protect your
clavicles everyone my clavicle lucky
Sonny Rakesh leaning like a sun damage
live a hearty texted her she tweeted I
know that's why I stole it I saw there's
no blessings in there will help me take
some good
I got your boss mixer tuning
happy Valentine's Day Steve Happy
Valentines
Oh Harley doesn't have hey I heard you
saved a lot of money by switching to
single get it mom no insurance
interviews happy Valentine's Day
everybody hope it was romantic yeah I
hope you had a great day of romance with
lots of hearts and love and soft tender
feelings for that special someone in
your life thanks for watching our videos
we had a great Valentine's Day our love
is eternal we don't need a day
commercialized you no reason to spend
money on that's what you say when you
forget to buy something for the person
you love we don't need to buy chocolate
to prove our love plus for getting
coated chubby thanks for watching check
out yesterday's vlog we don't have
feeling lucky I want to shoot the shade
ours do one two three four and five
years ago click on those videos um just
kind of going back to what we're talking
about earlier in the video we love doing
this this is I mean we wouldn't do it
anymore
if we still didn't like doing and have
fun doing it it's just like sometimes
the comments they hurt our feelings man
we read those things and it's I think I
need just need to say it out loud it's
not okay to say some of the things that
some of you guys right now listen I know
a very small majority actually leave the
mean comments but just we see a lot of
them and I feel like a lot of people are
discouraged from leaving comments
because I just feel like their comments
not going to be seen but it's not only
on our videos you are connected to the
things that you type that is who you are
if it's about us or about any
body in your life anybody that you say
something negative or mean or you try to
find something where somebody is messing
up and you want to like highlight that
and say look you're doing this wrong
it's like ya know crap nobody's perfect
we're all gonna screw up we're all
trying to figure this out but the things
that you say those are eternally linked
to you whether you have a fake user name
and you're hiding behind some account
that's not you the things that you type
and put on the Internet that is who you
are the things you say those are the
things that make you who you are so I'm
just little heads up be careful think
about who you want to be and is that
really the kind of person you want to be
little heads up love you guys see
tomorrow bye
