little man I love you you couldn't keep
my hands forever they belong to you
there's my mountain beast
there's my mountain beast on the prowl
as sad as I am that the snow is melted
and I may not get any more sleep I'll
get a couple more in it just feels good
beautiful gets me excited to see those
tall green grasses yes remember we first
got here and me and Zeke we're running
cycle what's up bro what's up crew dude
it's fun just write them up here again
I'm excited a little excited for summer
to come
I still want I mean I wish I had gotten
some more ski days in alas we didn't get
any snow Boston can we have some of your
a hundred feet holy crap I'm snow envy
East Coast look we got plenty of room
for it bring it over here
look you could sack a whole mountain of
it right there I'd appreciate it come on
Tom Brady just throw him out in the snow
over here dude your Super Bowl champion
you can do anything
Tommy Tommy throw some snow over here
all right I'm racing these two up the
mountain I had to take a little vlog
break okay so the dogs dude they're like
predators I'm driving up this hill and
the motorcycles ikan Broncs are behind
me see a herd of like eight deer like a
hundred yards ahead of us I'm like see
frogs are severe let's be Adam so I'm
like bird I cruise up here and the dear
of course bolt and then I get up to the
top and the deer are gone I don't even
see where they are
so I park and I'm waiting for Broncs and
Zeke because they're way behind me
because I got a motorcycle and they're
just have four legs
so I'll sudden they come running up I'm
like hey Zeke a bronc stick it they're
gonna be exhausted and just sitting here
they go blaze and buy me whoa there's a
huge owl just flew by that's awesome
anyways they go flying by me like they
saw the deer and they're after them and
now I have no idea where they're at and
I'm
all in and screaming for them and
they're like up there somewhere chasing
a herd of deer there's no way they're
gonna catch him
deer are fast hey do you guys know what
here's know that yesterday was the the
two-year anniversary of us getting Zeke
Zeke has been in our lives for two years
can you guys believe it well it's not
his birthday but it's the birthday of
him get coming into the Shaytards life
that crazy randomly I mean think about
the luck Zeke I don't know if it was
lucky or not but uh you ended up on our
family one Sunday I was just missing
Malachi so bad and I was like I'm ready
I want another Great Dane and we had
been looking we've been looking at all
these websites and just like hadn't
found one that we liked really because
I've been searching for like three weeks
then like that Sunday I was like I'm
gonna find one right now I got on and
just like put like the search within
like 150 mile radius where we're living
in Los Angeles and we found this one
that there for sale and I sent the guy a
text and I said are they ready like if
we drove out there and got him right now
he's like yeah they're like ready to go
and he send me a picture I'm like we're
coming to get him two years ago the mom
said let's go get him remember two years
ago you can watch the video we go pick
up Zeke
it's crazy two years oh yeah Emmie held
him in her lap while she was in her car
seat that tells small he was that seems
impossible now right it was like he was
just tiny how small Zeke was and we held
him in her lap yellow it's almost
Valentine's Day and our children are
having their Valentine's Day parties
tomorrow at school so they really need
to get their Valentine's ready we
procrastinate it as usual
stickers I don't know what you guys do
but we per tradition we get separate
Valentines for the boys everywhere the
girls we just did one like one box and
you gave everybody but I love my kids do
one for the boys and one for the girls
please how many did you buy Wow how does
it hurt our best friend that I told her
decided it's really thoughtful of you
maybe chard what are you
this is quite the crew we're having a
party in the bathroom
hope you guys are cool days install a
new TARDIS and it takes two guys and two
kids drinking coffee dad we got one of
these fancy toilet seats
you mean you needed to shit water on
your bum saying water the buck tracks
you have to use a turnip paper it's like
you get that little number two and
shoots water up your butt crack you just
clean it off Daniel Robinson drinking
yeah that's a horrible I do not drink
this he's having fun being a worker
Malnati's helping Rasta learn how to be
apart anytime anybody's building they're
making anything this house he's part of
it tell you what my grandma used to say
we'll always need plumbers that's true
we'll always need babies too
hi baby boy good man noob noob all right
let me Franky is making Valentines for
his class he's taping the suckers to
these little boxes of stickers and stuff
crayons I think yeah he's making his own
Valentine's and I'm so proud
you can keep my hands forever - you okay
there is a classy theme song for you
Samantha sorry about all the fart noises
but that's just part of what we do for
our theme songs you're welcome you guys
it's dinner time we just caught Dad down
to dinner he was on the motorcycle and
so we are going to hurry and sit down
while we are sitting down you gotta join
us okay ready
tap tap your foot like this you tap your
foot
like we've been here like all day with
che that's what we're gonna do okay are
we all ready bernzy you guys said he was
on his way no that's daddy's spot you
weren't upset about it that's sitting
here you wanna walk till you blog when
that comes in case we go hey sorry for
little tops turn okay everyone thank you
guys we have was close are you okay that
was exciting wasn't it oh yeah me okay
we were just joking thinking that he
would walk in right when we sat down but
no we really have been waiting forever
where is he
okay okay
and a guy like he can't stop at Casey's
he needs to come me dinner
hold on
ha Shh quiet my turn I just realized
this is one of the first times that
we've actually had a sit-down family
dinner at this table dance Christmas
yeah that's bad I mean we've had dinners
together like we've gone out to you and
we've also had dinners here at home but
it's usually been around the countertop
and we've just dish topped ourselves
okay now we really did you okay
everybody
sorry over here where I've been talking
to Casey yeah growling growl let him go
watch Casey alibi okay
hey Shh I'm sorry my deepest
wiesen wait here it looks amazing
tell me pray let us pray man that sure
it's not doing me any favors is it you
really see in that fat chunk on the side
you know when you sit down you got that
little that last little roll you're
working on trying to get rid of that
shirts like tight to the skin you sit
down it's like there it is that's what I
got to work with right there I'm
squeezing it and shaking it right now I
know you guys can't see this but just
picture it
picture me grabbing that fat and just
shake yeah I think I had two helpings of
chicken that night mmm thanks dad that
was delicious
all right hey thanks for watching our
video we appreciate it we hope you
enjoyed hanging out with our family on
this random day in time happy
Valentine's Day sorry to get this up
yesterday had a huge meeting with a crew
at trixin if you go check out my
Instagram you'll see everybody was there
except for Casey Casey had a different
meeting yesterday but one two three I'm
within the picture right now four five
six seven eight nine ten of us plus
Blake was missing too but yeah that's
like that's who's running the clothing
company tricks and clothing if you go
look at my last Instagram that's all of
us that's everybody that's trying to get
this little business off the ground it's
exciting so sorry I didn't get the vlog
up yesterday I had a big meeting with
all those guys all my friends and family
and we're working on this anyways have a
great weekend hope you have a hot date
plan a night for your Valentine's and if
you don't guess what the Shaytards have
over 2000
dogs that you can watch and just have a
nice evening
go on a Shaytards marathon we will be
your Valentine I know you're gonna ask
and the answer is yes we will be your
Valentine okay you're both kisses all
right
we'll see you guys Monday all righty all
righty all righty I got some good
footage of the girls had a cheer
competition this morning and that'll be
up for you on Monday Martin Thank You
duckie love you guys have a great
weekend bye
