good morning it's time for another great
day right guys let me get a wat wat let
me get a kitty kitty what war is done
for another great day yeah yeah che che
give us some food dog we're hungry me
too dad give me some food
there's so many dang mouths around here
to feed I need more food
Oh si kitty cats I think I got ya
delicious oh yeah they like this this is
a vital grain free fresh pet natural
with added vitamins and minerals chicken
and beef Oh
check us out these guys alright
breakfast kitty cats hey you are you you
ready to go food you ready for food you
want some food ok yeah yeah come and get
it all seven cuties getting some the
grub all breakfast torn jacket and coat
in Ezekiel Zeke you want the food
alright Brock say goodbye to it it was a
good balloon he was a good balloon but
he left us because you let him go by
balloon are you sad punch him in the
face
you're doing a great job somebody give
that to you from playlist live huh
yeah we're just building Legos
Alois from Halloween that's right
we're just having a little bit of lunch
we're back into the regular routine and
I'm not I'm not going to school tomorrow
today you're not you will tomorrow right
yeah we're going to get some laundry
done try to get stuff you know put away
somewhat tonight we have a special event
Gavin is finished obviously he is 11 now
so he's an 11 year old scouts now but he
never was a word of his birthday
yesterday it was his birthday a month
ago two months ago yesterday is two
months ago he turned 11 anything in the
past was yesterday and anything in the
future is tomorrow that's how his brain
is working we go to dinner with we go to
Disney World and Thor duh and we go on
some writing and we go on and the movie
ran there were skeletons yeah anyways
tonight is Mary Poppins Mary Potter's
there was lots of anyway my turn
tonight Gavin is going to be awarded his
weebles badge along with multiple other
awards because we were gone for some of
the pack meetings he missed them so he
is getting awards that he has coming to
plus I'm really proud of him he's
getting his arrow of light award which
is a just one of those harder awards to
get when you're a weebo why hey if you
think that Chewie is annoying
I say get over cuz I think it's
hilarious I think he's cute he's a four
year old so if you're leaving comments
about at Julian's annoy get over it I
love you Brock all right clearly this is
the Brock show and every time I talk
about Gavin he doesn't want me to talk
about Gavin you wanna say something nice
about Gavin
you think of anything nice to say about
your big isn't present given presence is
there anything that you like about Gavin
what do you like about Gavin what did he
help you build super yeah he helped you
build high the good brother anyways so
that's gonna be a fun event tonight all
right let's get this thing built alright
it's a big night it's a big night I'm
going to the blue and gold banquet being
I like that word it's like a fancy
dinner
so of course I'm wearing my nicest
flannel so tonight is also a very big
night because Gavin is taking the switch
to leap the transition step from being a
Cub Scout to a Boy Scout and scouting
was huge for me in my life I was I'm a
proud Eagle Scout and it really helped
me I have a lot of good memories and
just taught me attributes to live by
kind of like rules for life and prepared
you you know with all those you know
things that they teach you know Scouters
just listen to the words trustworthy
loyal helpful friendly courteous kind
obedient cheerful thrifty brave clean
and reverent anyways that's the Scout
Law Scout something's up anyways I love
Scouts I have so much fun and I think it
is a huge reason for me being where I'm
at in my life is because of scouting so
I'm excited that Gavin's taking this
step and I'm very proud of them because
it's hard work it's not easy you gotta
check stuff off and you gotta you gotta
be a man get stuff did and he has done a
really good job so I'm very proud of him
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the
United States of America and to the
Republic for which it stands one nation
under God indivisible with liberty and
justice for all all right check it out
with the blue and gold banquet this is
cool look at these rocks these rocks
around the fire are actually chocolates
it's an outdoor steam head stuff fire
like we on earth Gavin Butler who has
reached a milestone in his scout journey
the arrow of light is the highest award
in tub scouting and is very similar the
bearer of light is the only Cub Scout
award that can be carried over and worn
on the Boy Scout uniform
so he'll be giving up his blue uniform
before 10:00 and it always faces the
right the Seven Rays of the Sun stand
for each day of the week they remind you
to do your best every day we're very
proud of him he was a great we blow to
have in the time I had and shame well
that would you come up here and presents
looks just like this but it's small so
your parents are very proud of you and
they're going to just present you with
this and I and also we have this
certificate that you know you could put
in your journal one up one
accomplishment there life is the arrow
of light and it is a good economy
there so you can hold on to that the
next step there there's also a mother's
pin but we don't have any respect so
we'll give you a little mother's family
Gavin where that the pride I have
present you our newest recipient we will
have been across and see if you were
okay but first of all let me just I got
let me think
see if you think he's worthy okay he's
contributed much to our and we'll miss
him and his parents his accomplishments
and include understanding what the Boy
Scouts are about with the basics in the
law and the oh he's a good moral
character and he follows the principles
of this do you think this is satisfied
what you're looking for in a new
skeleton yes he is welcome to learn new
ways
welcome to Scouting
hey guys with the gas station right now
listen to uptown funk the dad's getting
gas yo what's up getting gas you proud
of your brother have the time me they
talked about him they did it was the MVP
VIP very proud of him and we're getting
gas in the gas get getting gas yeah up
the truck $1.00 79 a gallon it hasn't
been that cheap since 1996 I was a 16
year old with just off on the junior in
high school with the entire world in
front of me that's crazy how cheap gas
prices are I remember last summer before
we moved back to Idaho we're living in
Los Angeles it was $5 a gallon I have
paid up to $100 to fill up this truck 21
gallons is like over a hundred bucks
we're paying less than 40 today $38 to
fill up this beast that's not too bad
really do any of you guys do Scouts or
like Girl Scouts or brownies or ever go
to like summer camp I remember going to
scout camp one summer when I was 14 and
me and my little brother Casey attempted
to swim the mile they had this like
badge that you could get if you could
swim one mile was this very coveted
badge and me in case he tried it and I
got like halfway there and I could not
do it I felt like I was gonna drowned so
then the next year we came back I
remember camp little em high represent I
was like I'm going after that mile badge
son you know me I'm gonna get it I'm
dedicated I jumped in that water and I
swam one mile and I was so proud of
myself and that was just like an early
lesson in life about even though you
fail at something
don't quit go after it again accomplish
it like set a goal and not quit until
you get it once you get that goal go for
the next thing so thanks Scouts I can
swim a freaking mile punch a bear eat a
shark I'm so I'm so mean I make
rocks scared Muhammad Ali I bet you
using Scout okay love you that's it
check out yesterday's vlog do you wanna
feel like a master a button click that
master a button and then simply shade
hard to know one two three four and five
years ago don't forget to subscribe give
me kiss old up the video leave a comment
a nice one please thanks love you see
you tomorrow bye
