all right we're headed home today last
day of playlist live well it's not
really the last day it's over
we have to go home but we don't have a
late flight so we get to come to the
pool for a while cannibal weirdo nose
nose do you do a ball on outrageous yes
it's freezing your nipple gonna be like
hard as rocks whoo no touchies god it's
not that bad
bono triggers killer bull Jackson Harris
okay
well cut technically today when is it
it's Wednesday well tell them to wish
you happy birthday glue Justin happy
birthday Wednesday I will officially be
23 well now really old and now you can
start dating Cecily so hi ladies
mmm lounging by the pool he's got denied
well listen especially how many people
in your family have I been like yeah I'm
trying to hook you up bro what's up man
liking the pool I'm getting a pee but
we're gonna leave in like 15 minutes we
gotta go pack our bags
okay so I've hijacked the Shaytards
camera just to say how much I love them
and thank them for being so awesome
playlist live I have the power of the
Shaytards on my hands is this shades
camera that I just don't yeah I think so
hi Shay its camera so like this little
thing can talk to how many people four
hundred at least four hundred maybe
400,000 for hundred thousand one of
those how many sub seem have four
hundred fifty four thousand six hundred
ninety I am checked like six hours time
all right
well taking off say goodbye everybody's
hanging out eating ice cream chatting
about YouTube having a good time being
sad that we have to leave this nice
sunny weather it's always hard to get
the kids away from the pool and I think
check out was at ten and it's blue it's
were two hours late to check out of our
hotel
oopsie we have to leave a two to head to
the airport our flights at five is ready
go home are you sad
you know I feel the same way hacking up
the hotel it's very sad we want to stay
another day it's so gorgeous
there's a golf course right there but
alas we've got to go home look at these
foul hats alright so you guys know that
we come to these events we get some
really cool gifts from you guys these
might be the coolest thing we've gotten
almost ever
this lady made these by hand a lady who
watches our videos it says to shake Carl
from Maddy Morgan of st. Augustine
Florida and she made every single one of
us let me see they made every single one
of us a hat to baby turn I told her she
needs to sell these look at these true
she made these by the cutest little owl
I ever did see how kisses owl kisses the
whole family together at all so good
okay okay do I ever come right here
somebody's oh okay Erica let Gavin come
here hold on come here line up right
here
collect the next to me Avia come on line
up is age you're at the end okay that's
the start he ran just like walk down the
line okay text and as you guys as the
cameras on you ready
filming with different under buddy
anyways we love maurella they're really
really cool alright keep packing we got
to get this place cleaned up and out of
here we're doing pretty good we almost
have everything put away the kitchen
still needs a little bit of work and the
kids room how's your room Gavin got
everything packed looking good looking
good how are you get these lightsabres
home we didn't think about that oh yes
and then somebody gave us one of these
cakes from New Orleans yeah anybody from
New Orleans
Manny oh you guys remember the people
who gave us that Taylor Swift cutout
they're the ones that gave us this cake
yeah these cakes were delicious we have
to leave so we just like tore through it
and found the baby let me see yeah I
guess they said if you find a baby in it
yeah I don't know why I came up with
that but anyways sticks are delicious
all right I'm gonna keep packing we got
to go who wants to fight mega pick a
Tron punch Ryan there you go um this is
like a third of our stuff all right
big car to luggage good thing they have
these carts how convenient all right
we're headed to the airport let's do
this
holy crap we did it we got through
airport and I was that was relatively
easy yeah was smooth I had two bottles
that were full
I forgot and a bottle of white you guys
have a good time in Orlando huh good
time lupus you have fun tired are you
alright
headed home to the mountains of Idaho
this dude is playlist live out so you
know how airport security is pretty
strict well I guess they're letting
light sabers through airport security
now I cut it off you have to pretend
your arms caught the air you huh sorry
babe I'm sorry
who wants a shoeshine here I'll shine
your shoes oh whoops I just cut both
your legs off now you don't need your
shoes shined anymore
want me to cut your legs off oh snap hmm
odd seeing you here Vader always taking
his backpack
up cut your balls off
hi yes ready airport ready throw it on
crew look at this boy is ready we're
headed home hey oh no you're not my wife
there's my wife that was what I was like
I was like looking through the Braille
was weird I'm tired that I thought it
was cool at Versailles here just a bunch
of ladies with strollers it's hard to
know who's who they have like twenty two
of us all headed home from playlist LA I
was filming this other lady I thought it
was you all right babe I didn't expect
you to have a guitar in your uh she was
cool about mmm okay so Kara I was just
saying to the guys I'm like I can't wait
for the day to come when were just
randomly walking out in public and see
somebody wearing tricks and clothing
hello
but where's your tricks in clothing
going to national yeah she wants
shearling look did you get that at
playlist nice got the beanie flip it for
me flip that merely family on the other
side did you like them
you guys are awesome thank you thank you
you watch our videos all right we're at
the airport headed home guys yeah you're
shader yeah you too
I want to get in there with them and
wrastlin hey buddy you're going to fight
yeah alright Brock you ready
that's ocker ball touch it Logan don't
forget touch the outside of the played a
long way no that's our tradition is I
turned in my last law you did you copied
me okay good job Ellen oh sure that see
outside the plane for safety is ready
here we go
Brock touch outside of the plane Did you
touch the outside of the plane okay good
job consensus on Oliver crap we brought
too much stuff alright we're in Salt
Lake done with the first flight day on
and DEC's dinner plan ball wrong path
nice pass
maybe how was that flight short four and
a half hours is short for you wish I was
a kid
Oh another lightsaber duel
lightsaber duels are breaking out all
over this place get him dad get him I
know he he uses it like it so like a see
nice stick what if Darth Vader was blind
and he had used his lightsaber as a see
nice dick and everywhere he's gone he's
like this is like just cutting things
off like cutting light poles over Brock
if he doesn't all the sword
yeah what if what if Darth Vader was
blind and his lightsabers is walking
stick big whoop sorry spare leg off and
then sometime around midnight the
Shaytards staggered into their home and
fell asleep in blissful slumber haha oh
so tired I am exhausted but I did get a
good night's sleep in my bed it's so
nice to meet you know what I mean like
you go back in your own bed it's like oh
yeah I love this bed forgot how
comfortable this bed oh my pillow I love
this pillow so nice
anyways please check out yesterday's
vlog it's always this is one of the hard
things of daily vlogging I remember it's
like I work so hard on yesterday's vlog
edited it for like
six hours and then you know you work so
hard on it you're so proud of it you
upload it you're like yes t and then all
sudden 12 hours later people are
tweeting me where's the vlog and you're
like but I work so hard on yesterday's
vlog it's like I want to like look at it
for a while that's like you gotta get
right back on the next one so shout out
to all you out there who are still doing
daily vlogs and there's not that many of
you it's a tough tough job
having said that I'm not uploading the
video tomorrow though I probably will
actually I am gonna upload a video
tomorrow I'm joking joking
gonk freaking out geez um yeah love you
check out yesterday's vlog please thumbs
it up click on those videos love you
what else goodbye kiss me
