who's ready for a 20 minute vlog and are
you looking down at the time right now
all right you guys what is going on
it is the very last night of playlist
live we shut this thing down and it was
a total blast my family's not here right
now it's all over we're in the hotel
room and it's totally trashed and all
the kids wanted to go to Disney World
one last time so Colette and Kayleigh
and Cecily and they took everybody so
we're headed home back to Idaho tomorrow
but I decided to stay home at the hotel
tonight and edit some stuff so that I
can get you guys a vlog as soon as
possible
so the footage that you're about to
watch is from I don't know before the
Super Bowl I had all this great footage
from a day when Gavin made sloppy joes
and all this stuff but I just didn't get
a chance to put it up because I was in
Salt Lake with all the tricks and crew
going to meet with our distributor so I
never uploaded this footage so I'm going
to give it to you now with this caveat I
know you want to see all the awesome
footage from here at playlist live but
guess what tomorrow you're gonna see it
and it's going to be a long vlog on this
camera right here I have a ton of
footage so tomorrow you will see all of
the crazy playlist live extravaganza and
it was a blast so be sure to tune in
tomorrow because it's gonna be a really
good video but first I have this footage
for you and I think you're gonna like it
let's see Gavin make some sloppy joes
roll that in truck ok now we're hanging
on a canvases house look at this little
setup cousins eating grilled cheese
sandwiches oh my goodness you guys are
so lucky and so adorable look at these
tiny sandwiches by you eating sandwiches
and Candace is making her famous chicken
panini that dad has been raving about
for the past few weeks and I haven't
tried Candace's famous chicken paninis
well you know how to take care huh yeah
I'm excited
are these our famous ones yes did you
make up the recipe um no it's from my
friend Stacy and decided to try taught
me those are the best recipes I have
their own from somebody else but someday
I'll make my own recipe for something
I'm not here with my little shopping
buddy and we're running out of steam so
I'm getting some stuff for a Scout
banquet that actually is for a Cub Scout
banquet even though Gavin is not in Cub
Scouts anymore because he's graduated to
a blazer which is technically called an
11 year olds cap now I don't know it's
complicated I'm helping out with the
banquet so I'm trying to find green
tablecloths I think we found some no yes
they don't have the round ones man left
look somewhere else anyways I'm not her
with my little shopping buddy and it's
really hard to keep him entertained so I
have a confession invited okay want one
more one more
good it's horrible I normally don't do
this I promise but I just can't control
him anymore and I have to eat so I'm
driving a little bit yeah yeah are you
okay with bribery hey yeah okay okay
just this once don't tell any of the
other kids okay
and we're brushing your teeth right when
we get home Boop okay I love you gonna
kiss you give me kisses
hey okay fine denied all right another
big day and tricks and clothing company
history we're headed down to go talk to
our distributor in Salt Lake about for
shipment playlist live getting them to
Orlando all that kind of stuff so also
we have to take these to KC's
taxidermist
just because he's going to mount them so
that giant elk horns in the back of my
truck
whore okay let's see it this little man
just keeps running he's running
yeah let's kick it this way now it's
good this way oh yeah you guys getting
ready for Super Bowl yeah who are you
rooting for so much so much schoolers
Eagles oh good what about a touchdown
what about a touchdown you're gonna get
a touchdown no you got a cute okay are
you guys getting ready for Super Ball
yeah we're gonna have Super Bowl I don't
know I don't know what we're gonna have
yet but I honestly don't even know who
is playing oh I know laughs laughs
laughs anyways I'm just in charge of
food and fun and halftime that's all I
care about
mmm no it's always fun to watch the game
it's Halloween it's the Super Bowl
yeah it's named Super Girl super goal
you guys ready for super goal here we go
yeah are you sleeping oh you're so cute
sleeping with your football you know
people who don't ever watch the Super
Bowl or ever watch football will watch
this at all and I'm one of those people
I do watch football just because we have
family members to watch football but I
wouldn't go out of my way to watch a
football game but Super Bowl I will
watch it and I will be tweeting and I
will be watching halftime I will be
cooking food and I will be cheering and
I don't even know who for but it's fun I
do enjoy Super Bowl Sunday and you're
gonna enjoy it
ah because you're gonna have your prizes
over here
I'll go get some you're a tough boy you
know how to get water we missed you how
was school today yeah I got your brother
right here it goes we're about to have a
Trix and clothing shirt made right here
check it that's cool that's cool that's
cool filming there it goes
now it's heating up now it's in the
heater Worman
Oh your professional shirt layer this is
like you know when you go to Jimmy
John's and your sandwich is coming out
of the toaster when you get a trixx
ensure it comes out of this big toaster
and these two these two dudes are
filming it when it comes out every shirt
is independently filmed by de Haan Jiang
and Logan Butler every shirt here at
tricks and clothing oh it's warm
ok trying to pick this thing up did you
get it oh you're so strong look at you
you didn't you were trying so hard my
sketches are that look little noises he
makes high five yeah thank you
Oh careful part of me wonders if you've
seen us fit like making those noises
trying to lift weights I wondered that
for you good luck oh okay
tell us all about it to tell you one of
the best parts about being weird is
watching them discover things for the
first time watching them like just
explore what they can do what they can't
do and when they start talking we don't
know what they're saying but they do
yeah yeah oh don't leave that gotta pick
it up oh okay good job buddy all right
it's sloppy joe night Gavin is going to
make Papa Joe's for us are you excited
about that yeah yeah good meet you I
like when I don't have to cook but
tonight I need to explain how to cook
because he never saw before so we're
going to use my mom's recipe from her
recipe book that she made for all of us
kids and it's a barbecue sloppy joe
recipe hey ready hey Kevin yes okay if
you have a recipe the best thing to do
is to get all your ingredients out first
so you have it all in front of you and
you know you have it okay so let's start
with that hamburger on
chopped celery - celery get the celery
out what no we're making some noxious no
no we're making muddy buddy
no not tonight we're making sloppy joes
all right so we have all the ingredients
laid out that he got himself now he
knows where I keep these things in the
kitchen so now you're two or seven steps
ahead of your father okay next is you
don't want to start your pan until you
have your vegetables chopped because I
sometimes take too long to cook my
vegetables or to cut my vegetables and
then the meats already overcooked okay
okay so we're going to cut your
vegetables first Kunene chopped him so
yeah you don't need to look at the
recipe anymore we just need to chop up
all the vegetables really small so we're
gonna we're gonna grate the carrots and
we're going to chop up the celery and
the onion how do you greet in with a
greater weight cuz you're so great oh
sure all right we teaching them how to
use this big old honkin knife just don't
get your fingers hey that's the main
part slow down oh gosh
get your fingers I love your fingers
okay okay good good
okay we're actually going to use my
ninja that chops up vegetables really
nice but I wanted you to learn how to
cut them up first okay okay next we're
going to do the onion all right now it's
onion time chopping an onion chop with
your family in the making your eyes yeah
okay well don't put your feet on the
camera edge josie grossy no no what
magic I notice now the one thing with
onions food is if you touch the onions
you have to make sure you don't rub your
eyes
oops did you yeah you should probably
wash them now now because your eyes are
gonna stink
same thing with jalapenos any type of
pepper hands wash your hands your eyes
if they really think I should have told
him that before he started chopping the
onion up much all right it's carrot
grating time you're gonna write yep
that's the hard way then use the names
on this one but I just want you to learn
cycle and that's how we did it in the
olden days we used our grater and we had
to chop the vegetables with our G you
want to see the vegetables coming okay
if you give me kisses cue me kisses see
ya Oh Yuri wants you know me so many
kisses denied all right now you gotta
put the meat in the pan are you ready
yeah bay for you in some child night
today here's the vegetables we got them
all shuck ducks we've got celery onion
and carrot all chopped up into maybe now
you face it okay the thing about
handling me is you have to make sure
that your hands are clean I've been
washing again well if you already watch
them they're fine but then if you touch
the meat with your hands as soon as
you're done touching the meat you have
to wash your hands because it's it will
carry bacteria but once it's cooked will
cook all the bacteria out kind of cook
it maybe you've got that part out che
some non-meat eaters may be disgusted by
this process of cooking meat I know I
have been before and that's when I go
vegetarian and then I'm like you know
what I really want to hear I'm a cook a
hamburger all right got the make a pan
Joffe now we need to start pregnancy
okay cuz you definitely want you can
have to throw everything together and
start the dough and it can all cook
together but you want the seasoning in
the fully cooked gives it really good
flavor
alright now we've done from lunch we've
totally dunst the vegetables in the pan
alright we've got the vegetables in
cooking the meat and now it's time to
just put everything in all the
seasonings all the delicious juices now
I kind of look at the recipe and just go
down the recipe and see what we haven't
put in and put it in okay yeah yeah hey
what do you guys seen a blue bracelet no
I mean I have in my lifetime I think
you're wearing one oh my gosh
what'd you put in there for sure sauce
once just sight worse to Shire thought
you guys say that worst just Shire self
we're stars where stars where stars are
smart sure today we have been moving
English ball today on Wednesday
sometimes I'm Jeremy we're having a
family home evening every night now wow
we're really dedicated for each other I
guess
Oh fabulous
okay it's time to try this plum Eidos
excited to try these Hey look it looks
awesome
I'm excited you're right I'm like
karaoke do that your brother uses let's
do this bro all right
he's only got you oh yeah okay what
would you say four out of what for I'm
like what in school the highest is a
horse oh okay well if you're giving me a
for I'm assuming four out of ten which
is not very good right I said if you get
a three you only get to sing sing three
songs if you've got a four year to see
how much you ever want okay any songs
you want so he got a four and his sloppy
joes what autism good right okay what do
you think Brock are they good
did you know who made oh yeah he did a
good job huh yeah he's gonna get his
cooking merit badge he showing this is
the real test and it doesn't like it and
nobody gets to like it
good far for Paula do the sloppy joe
down dude I'm ready drop off internal
okay that's creepy stop just go eat your
sloppy joes already right the mood is
love the lights are low the mood
excitedly a nice little nice steps club
singers about ready to sing why because
you're after did she just said you have
to be you're singing okay good alright
what are you guys singing next
I love it wow this is a really good show
they got a light person they got a
breakdancer excellent singer looks like
a DJ he's about to be a DJ Camacho why I
like it good job Rach you sound
beautiful
all right so we are doing I came home to
a I don't live in a home anymore I live
in a karaoke bar yeah this is the kids
karaoke bar collapse up next apparently
here's the audience
here's on stage head of lighting Metro
at these two are in charge of but
they're you know very important for the
success of this karaoke bar and I feel
like what a treat because not only do I
get to enjoy this wonderful music oh
here's the bouncer hey what are you
doing let me see your ID you have to get
out of here
dude don't kick me out mr. bouncer I'm
sorry I have a dinner
I got a sloppy joe dinner with some
lemonade
so and a dinner and a show basically
entertainment while I eat my dinner it's
great
okay good god he just like et just
screaming running around what are you
doing little boys hi are you the bouncer
yeah you're the bouncer
oh it's pandemonium in here about you
company ready
you know motivation
I wonder why this
my friend said you gotta go I couldn't
see you guys okay michelle pfeiffer that
white gold know them good girls straight
masterpieces
so pretty beat my nose be my nose
snotty nose laughs that's cute
Davenport this one oh that there was
something on the camera that's what whoo
yeah Daxton the dog hair that's a rat's
up what's her name hair not our dog hair
movie is our dog it's too late we
adopter his face oh that's so creepy
yeah but he seems to like it he loves me
hmm you like your creepy dad
Aleksey tomorrow
