good morning Orlando
Oh Robin Williams voice hey look Kunis
it's us remember us oh look who it is
look say hi yet hey Maria
get over here Maria say hi so these guys
are headed to the moms view meet up and
then you guys have a panel this is Maria
she's in charge of the pan up of mom's
view
you're moderating are you nervous really
you'll kill it you'll kill it
okay so here's the situation we're in
Orlando Florida you know we're super
busy I know I said I would make a video
everyday but I haven't here's the reason
why one I'm meeting you guys every night
we sat in line for six hours yesterday
and met some of the coolest people ever
and it was weird there was for some
reason a lot more people from Alabama
and Georgia it was like I've never met
so many people from Alabama and Georgia
it was cool so it was great to meet you
guys yesterday plus we launched tricks
and clothing yesterday and it was a lot
more work than I had anticipated we had
to build this booth it took us 12 hours
to build the tricks and clothing booth
and we had to as soon as we landed we
had to go rent a u-haul van go to Home
Depot and buy like I'll show you we'll
go down you'll see it in the vlog I
filmed the whole thing I have a ton of
footage and I will have a huge-mongous
vlog it could be an hour long maybe on
Tuesday Tuesday will be a huge playlist
live vlog of all of our experiences I
was actually asking people yesterday as
I met you a couple things one well I'll
say three no four things I was asking
people first how did you find the
Shaytards what was your first Shaytards
video did you see it on a thumbnail was
it a random Facebook post that one of
your friends put up did somebody tell
you like your breath
you gotta watch this family and so I was
asking everybody that yesterday I was
interesting to find out how you guys
have found our videos second I asked
when do you watch our videos I was
curious about that like what's the
schedule do you watch them in the
morning do you watch him after school
and that was interesting to hear all of
everybody's answers about that and then
the third one was when I have a lot of
footage I was wondering do people prefer
that I make like you know three
10-minute videos like this is the
playlist live playlist and you can watch
all these videos or do you prefer just
one really long video I put all the
footage in one so leave me comments
below answering those questions so let
me show you a little tour of where we're
staying these three bros are about to
tee off right here on this golf course
in Orlando I think I should say
something in this guy's backswing that
would be rude though that's against call
policy nice shot that was a good one
it sounded solid so there's dudes out
here just double click sorry you might
scream in your backswing there's only
one
so Gavin and Avia and Braley are gonna
come down to the tricks and booth with
me today and help oh she's not okay hey
have you guys been having a good time in
Orlando what are you doing now Mickey
Mouse have you guys had a good time here
yeah these guys did a meet-and-greet
yesterday and there was all these people
at the very end of this hallway and
Brock with running down there and gave
him all five do you remember when you
gave everybody five yesterday that was
fun and then Emmy was on the table
dancing were you dancing on the table
yes and I had to tell her get off the
table she was dancing anyways uh also
rock hard
he met a bunch of people yesterday hey
you're Daxton and how do you guys have a
good time yes yes we ordered pizza and
it didn't show up till two hours later
Pizza Hut you big jerks hey pizza your
call center idea I think that's gonna
stay afloat a little bit less longer
than the Titanic dailies I'm tired so if
you are at playlist live we're gonna be
at the trixin booth oh she did okay cool
anyways sorry about the no videos one
take in Orlando today's the last day I'm
still vlogging I need to do a one-take
they're mad professionally or something
my job it's a sport I am an MVP vlogger
and then we will be on regular schedule
on Tuesday it's our last day yeah we're
a flying home tomorrow are you sad
we fly home tomorrow anyways one last
thing I want to say before we go I just
wanted to make this video too quick and
you get an update I always after events
like this I remember why we make these
videos you know and I sometimes I feel
like I forget and I start to feel like
you know when you guys forget you guys
get mad that you know we're not doing
daily videos anymore or like they're not
up soon enough I just sometimes I start
to feel like this I want to push you
guys away like like you guys are like
asking too much sometimes I'm just like
I don't I need more time to do other
things and so sometimes it makes me feel
like pushing you guys away like I don't
want to make videos anymore I feel that
sometimes I really do but after like
yesterday and meeting everybody and
seeing the tears and hearing the stories
of how our videos have changed your life
and the circumstances that some of you
have to live in and that you you just
wait to watch our videos I'm just like
how can I not how can I not you know
help these people I don't know I do it's
a it's hard to wrap my brain around
sometimes but I want you to know that
this journey I mean this I mean this
whole thing is I don't say it's defined
my life but it is it's crazy what it's
done for it you know it has changed it
more than you can ever imagine anyways
just know that I love you and that
meeting you guys is it's like so good to
put the face to the comments and to see
you and to hear about your lives and how
you guys interact with us and we
appreciate it we really do feel
connected with you guys we hug you and
take pictures with you and it's been
great so thanks for watching even listen
even if we do never meet you even if
you're like man I'll never meet those
guys we have this and maybe we will meet
one day and I feel like we truly can
connect and communicate on here so all
right love you sorry to get sappy have a
great day we're at playlist live yo
check out tricks and clothing
we launched a new clothing line a new
business yesterday was the very first
day so that's the new family that's what
we're working on next all right love you
guys big huge mungus fat dripping long
vlog Tuesday be looking for okay see you
soon love you bye
