hi login here alright here's my pack
horse food pounds on each arm again yeah
which ones weighs more yours really
maybe just barely usually it's kind of a
it's a great cutter I got a lot of
button up final shirts in here uh oh
yeah those are heavy what are you
throwing those around you ready yeah are
you I'm ready I'm excited it's gonna be
a fun adventure yeah this is like it's
fun I'm not gonna lie to you though this
is a lot of work what I mean it is fun I
don't - I know sure he's complaining
because you have to go to Disney World
lug in 5-7 people's stuff it's like
moving a little city like a camp yeah I
can imagine like it could like the sheep
caravans of old you know what I did get
all their dances like all those bundles
and put them on their horses that's what
it's like taking this family it's fun we
love it that's rad nice okay you being
down here you get it carry it then all
your stuff in there
it's a Yank you piano I'm do it so my
mom and dad are coming to stay at our
house to watch all the animals to feed
all the cats and dogs yeah there
sweetheart
thanks mom and dad we love you get a
room you two
yeah seriously out in public in front of
everybody that's you're gonna leave a
hickey
just uncalled for he just lit up mommy
are you giving your mama loves tell mama
I'm Amma
you getting loves getting that from your
baby all right we gotta go we're headed
to Orlando all right let's go it's
getting real now he's ready
get all the line of luggage there's a
lot of junk in there huh no face are you
excited you said you wanted meat on it
well son I was calming down like the
seconds until you guys go to school
today huh
we picked up the kids from school and so
they knew that we're coming to pick them
up after lunch they're just like staring
at the clock were you eight Andrea
excited like when we were going on Surya
she's like where's mom and dad yeah do
you think we left you yeah what if we
forgot you guys we went to Orlando
without you whoops-a-daisy wouldn't that
be fun no wait go back
you guys are Lego guys all right that
sounds like a good plan all right dude
you ready to go got your neck pillow on
em I have it on backwards all right
we're in the store getting a few little
treats and snacks and stuff like that
what do you got over there they go a
muffin I want 100 just done that was
like a class yeah hmm breakfast is ready
would you like
breakfast yummy - I think I would trade
you money for that whatever it is all
right you ready to go through security
this is the insane part I've always
wanted to do kind of like a time-lapse
or some sort of like video showing the
seven of us all unpacking and then
repacking and then trying to get the
stroller through the cart get him
through it's you know never have the
camera we do we're good it's like it's
like a changing to the pit crew a flick
for his pit crew a NASCAR pit crew we go
through airport security go move go go
time time that's what it's like yeah
that's what it's like no don't agree no
right disapproving look from the loop of
space all right you wanna check all
babies all babies must be tricked you
have a baby and you need to check we're
waving at our bags do see your bag
do you see your back over there yeah
this is exciting huh her suitcases Oh
cute calm down calm down
give your brother kisses kisses oh that
was the slobbering
here we go we are fast come fast we're
going say my Idaho Wow later Idaho he
will be in a week alright we're flying
it's raining outside so let's go on the
window there No
this journal
you got a baby right here
I really keep
better hug
check it out guys check it out yeah
I've never done it while we're sitting
on the plane still hey guys there's a
quarter in this ashtray oh we did it
together let's go in the bathroom
together now hey guys we're on an
airplane in a dorm
Oh
good thing about the next to the
bathroom on every piece your bag yeah I
got there nobody's cheetah bag oh that's
my bag
there's dad's bag there's dad's bag
careful with a bro go easy on that thing
here we go nice get off the airplane
okay here we go get out the airplane go
help your brother
all right we're Salt Lake get on a
different airplane to head to Orlando
forgot him it's like he doesn't trust
himself so he keeps grabbing the arm
rests little man oh here we go let's go
move it move it move it come on dude you
don't need to hold on to those let's go
come on let's go you're stuck on the
tarmac there we go
whoa it's downhill you can do it you're
gonna grab on the handrail no this is
dad I'm just whoa yeah I just got used
to walking on flat ground and all that
you put me on a hill what's up with that
customer service is not dead every once
in a while you'll find a really great
worker or somebody who you know just
goes above and beyond to help you out I
just bought a charger for my phone as
like ammo fee it's not ammo fee
I'm not supporting no fee to some
charger anyways this dude not only did
he sell it to me with a pleasant smile
on his face but he opened up the
packaging took it out put my phone in it
started charging my phone then threw all
the packaging in the garbage handed me
my phone as it was charging and the
receipts that have a gray day I said
thank you you are a genius you deserve a
raise and a promotion people like that
who go out of their way in customer
service to do a good job and to help the
customer bless your heart you're one in
a million
that's ready
shadow on your face looks cool
and why it took as your bud I thought
the Broncos were mine all right watching
movie we watching big hero sick
Jackson's trying to get rocked arts
attention Rock is ignoring him
it's pretty cute to watch all right we
made it it's late - yeah look at Destin
there we go
it's 11:29 come on
alright so it's almost midnight we're
here in Orlando headed to our hotel
Daxton is excited to walk you did Gavin
loss fatigue on the plane
it wasn't even loose and then I bet
something that was loose and that came
out exciting we when the Tooth Fairy
comes at Disneyworld it's magic yeah I
heard she has a beard and uh Venna and
and and spandex and baby oil it's gonna
be exciting
raagh can you contain just give him an
open spot he's been on an airplane for
four hours you need to like let some
energy out all right come on let's go
get your coat got it here we go
let's go go into the hotel hey guys okay
I'm in the hotel room bathroom right now
trying to be quiet I just got the vlog
edited it's 3:00 in the morning now and
we have to be up and set that's not
funny
anyways we are very busy playlist live
we have a lot of scheduling like
itinerary stuff so it's gonna be hard
it's gonna be hard to get these vlogs up
while we're here but I am going to do my
mess my best here's one thing I will
promise you I'm gonna try to get a vlog
up every day that we're here even if
it's just a one taker okay there might
be a couple one takers but I'll try to
get as many vlogs up as possible and
I'll get a lot of footage so when we get
back you know I have a big vlog but I'm
gonna do my best
upon this guys I promise I'm gonna do my
best to get some good butch I gotta go
to bed cuz we're going to Disney World
of the party okay I know it's a hot tub
I'm excited click on yesterday's vlog
click on the film I keep on a 48-hour
Jordan a fortnight's time I don't know
 okay Lee my guy sperm
