nice you want it yeah
yummy hey it's all yours doctor you
gonna do it Oh my condom Oh what
happened did a kitty get in the house
what is up with this cat okay he gets in
the house more than any of the other
cats well huh you tickled the kitty like
it you kicked it that's not very nice
you kicked the kitty why hey that's not
okay you can't do that that's not funny
it's not nice did you kick that kitty
right there okay can I kick you because
I want to okay can you turn around I'm
gonna kick you just cuz I want to I feel
like kicking you right now why not why
can't I kick you but you can't so Katie
where can I kick you yeah I want you you
want him look Amy should we leave this
footage in the video Jackson we're just
trying to incorporate a household of
love here okay you don't need to kick me
in the peanuts I don't want to really
kick you and you shouldn't be kicking
the kitty okay kid got it
I love you let's let's just love
everybody nobody's nobody needs to be
kicking any kitties look how about you
kiss the kitty instead of kick it yeah
see look at it tragedy happens all right
we're trying to teach these kids not to
kick kitties but to kiss them you know
what I'm saying kids don't get
what's-its-name storm flash a flashy
storm
like really really fast is a flashy
storm it's like I'm out of here
give you giddy all right we're headed to
Grandma's to do spooky pops all right
we're out of here spooky balls on the
fall magic has begun y'all dancin
are you excited for spooky pop look what
we're doing instead of spooky pops the
moment Shay
how BIG's are you gonna make a big leaf
pile go to the time-lapse and show and
we built the pile a lot of work to be
done so let's not hate this is this is
the part that takes the longest and then
you'll play with it for maybe ten
minutes that's beautiful out here should
enjoy being a pistol shooting we're
doing it waking them up hauling them
away they're just ringing them up
leaving a mess yeah mom and dad are
really glad that we're here to reek up
early as you came look at the Mort yes
yes at least you'll have a pile for you
hey Brock here's your bigger rank right
here the bigger rank right there okay
you can keep that look even if it
doesn't do much good for cleaning around
the bushes yeah I wish you guys could
smell how good it smells right now the
leaves smell amazing
okay so Folly out here because these are
the things that shea does don't reveal
setting up the time ago breaking the
fourth wall they won't appreciate the
time lapses miles well you can decide to
put this in the vlog or not but I'm
gonna fill my because I think it's super
cute you look like new for cute ass time
lapse is hard to set up cut the camera a
yeah the
you're right I wasn't ready for you
crazy man
alright gab you got this let's see it
fun doc can you do it again well Tyler
helps that little blonde baby put him in
the swing and swing him real high how do
you do it again Superman thanks Tyler
okay guys let's see this you're gonna
try to change your momentum into a
Superman wait don't let Dax and wait for
Gavin yeah good catch because he was
about to go go gasps nice Dax are you
gonna do it oh my Cottam what happened
there
good catch he like came out of the back
of the swing and Kyler - grab him - that
was scary Daxton be careful alright wait
candy hey talking to me hey make a
spooky pops up in dang it for me rowdy
gonna mess my mouth this is art you got
to take your time your be calm you know
my motto is you put all the spooky pop
what's gonna taste the best and I I know
everybody's against this
that's my family but I love painting
anything you know you have to put it on
the sucker you can't eat the candy first
you're saying you like to sample the
candy before you know you want to put on
what's gonna taste good like all right
well how do you know there's no I you
win I have to taste it like I see like I
choose artistically first of all I gotta
look good I'm like this good thing I
decide for me what okay what I have one
- can you work hey Paulie little English
now yeah you're gonna put you're gonna
put it on here before all your candy on
here and my grandma's gonna for the
butterscotch on it and for me the best
stuff that tastes best with the caramel
a sucker stuff is the candy corn and the
cherry licorice I taste the best so I
put a lot of that on it past it Oh check
out Jackson's you guys he's so proud of
it look at this baby momma's gonna love
it so cool Dax high-five I want a lot of
guineas all right good job Jackson I'm
so proud of you mount the mount with any
candy corn on that good boy I didn't
influence in any way look that's where
all the candy corn is yeah any corn is
so very song I love it I do like it yeah
let me see yours it is nothing makes ice
that's very cute I like the braids of it
and this is him another alright guys so
we're at my mom's mom's house my grandma
well she has all these leaves and we
raked them into a big pile now my dad's
to do something cool off a little jump
okay yep here we go wow that was great
I'm gonna do we need tiring we're
getting tired of raking leaves but we
need a bigger pile
what are you try alright
good luck to you all right we better go
inside and get an update on the spooky
pops because I think the molten caramel
lava is just about to be poured let's go
see Kay so spooky pop what's up Brock
you almost done
you got a hurry cuz we've got it you
want candy corns gonna bad boy
see Brock's at yours okay Brock would
you make there oh oh yes candy corn
fangs Oh see utilize my candy I will
agree to the use of candy corns under
those strict supervision I mean those if
you need them feed me if you need a
candy corn for fangs then I will agree
to that but is disallowed this is the
final step of the spooky pop preparation
yeah it's hard real fast this is a
caramel butterscotch but a sky that's
hot yeah and then you pour that on and
that kind of brings the spooky pup all
together holds it all together
and let it freeze will show you soon
oh can you Jonathan well they can tell
just chill just try bring it down a
little bit okay okay that's mine that's
mine
it's really good
all right we've been going to school
that's a cool swing can you show us how
you can fly like Superman Superman cool
dude is that fun that's a good I love
you that's some good moves dog sure nice
sure are you a superhero no you sure can
spin like one you dizzy uh yeah boy are
you talking to me all right
no this one's mine do you want yours
yeah here I'll show you yours
hmm there's caramel butterscotch
yumminess no good
yeah there's a couple ways you could do
it sometimes you put the sucker down and
then you lay the face on it it kind of
looks prettier that way but when there's
a lot of people you just put this
intersection yeah this is Jackson yeah
yep there's - there's yours
this is Emmy you want it yeah yeah happy
there you go because we gonna go and far
yes show the camera
thank you yummy hey it's all yours go
eat up you don't shoot it up okay let me
okay one here oh look at that
Avia got a really cool picture of the
son
said that you guys can't see I went in
to look just trust me it's a really
great picture of the season let's do a a
quick road time-lapse we're in the car
we're headed back home from Grandma
Grandpa's I'm try not to eat too many
spooky pots
anyways check out this sunset time
