I know I saw are you excited to go to
playlist live stop okay your creepy
creepy creepy child having a bad day I
told Colet I got my groove thrown off
this morning my flock won't upload it's
trying me crazy I have four two of them
processing one uploading one napping
what are you doing are we ready to go to
Orlando Florida
yeah are we are we gonna go shopping if
this video ever uploads yes we're we're
a slave to the video dude I'm so
frustrated I was so proud of myself
because I stayed up late last night got
the vlog edited I think it's a great
vlog I was way excited to upload it
early and then YouTube freaking cheaper
cheaper snaps processing this one's been
processing for like 20 minutes this one
here I uploaded this one at 11 a.m. it's
still 0% processing at least this one
got to 95 percent which I'm so proud of
it but it's stuck in 95 percent for the
last 20 minutes so now I'm uploading
another one hopefully third time's a
charm man I had very big plans for today
to the goal wake up go to CrossFit then
come home upload the vlog go up skiing
for a few runs didn't go to CrossFit
tried to upload the vlog didn't work
what's up that robot I want it yeah I
want it dad what and you will share the
iPod
I will sue the helots Brooke how do you
think we should solve this glut Josh
what is it I don't get what you're doing
here lately
sorry no drop on build it's funny
whenever there's days like this where
the vlogs not upload I think I hear
Daxton yelling whenever yep oh good
morning awake for we are now on days
where the vlog doesn't upload or there's
a problem I'm like what if YouTube is
broken forever and I can never upload a
video ever again I start freaking out
that will never happened because Jesus
loves this baby he does he does I love
you dude I love you a drought all about
your little nosies how about it oh boy
but no time we get out Daxton is
obsessed with the kiddies
look at her Brucie heads together like
that he like clasps his hands like he's
pregs excited do you like the Kitty's
gonna hold one look there's one what was
the light one come here come get him
look there he is oh let's get him look
at least you like what are you doing
he's on our electronic device hey Danny
oh he's cool looking huh he's cool kitty
oh you like to tease her all right no
look they're all getting in excuse me
what are you doing come on you have to
go outside to pee you cannot come in
here all right so we're at the store
shopping and I just got a message that
my vlog finally went live but I have
like four or five of them processing so
I'm wondering if they're all gonna go
live right now so I might have like five
shades art videos going live at the same
time if they all go through I just got a
message that when we live but I'm not
back up
to delete the other ones hey did you
bring your laptop you didn't bring your
laptop dude that's awesome
that's a big scape world let me see the
back of it has like a stick that you
push oh yeah like a stick attached to it
see right it rock took on a skateboard
you can I go it's like the wheels are
that's a big board
alright you guys let me just show you a
little rock tart here he's got his own
car you think so I think he'd look good
in that
alright little camo Oh camo he's picked
out a toy a little he said this he needs
this so he can put his toys on he goes
dad can I have this I could put my toys
in it hey who are those dudes Rock do
you know those good dudes over there who
are those dudes one of those dudes doing
hey what are you doing over here
oh it's sofa time on the pillow so
there's Jackson there's mom there's rock
it down get off of that
alright I'm getting to that dad's tired
of shopping point oh look at the little
monster isn't walking he found a gumball
machine would you get the ball Destin
hey hey dude come here okay you got a
good gay ball it's a ball
oh yeah okay okay put those shoes on
you're crazy you have way too much
energy like your father
yeah to travel with yes you can have it
out okay
well do you ever tell yourself like
after you're done eating for dinner you
know or whatever you're like okay I'm
not eating anything else tonight I had
dinner I'm good I'm not gonna have
anything else to eat for the rest of the
night I'm gonna burn her to go to bed
you ever do that
Yeah right around 9:30 you're like what
summer some songs something new yes I'm
okay but I did that at seven o'clock
it's seven o'clock I'm done eating for
the night I'm not having anything else
no I'm okay I just walk to the kitchen
and I'm like you know it's 8:41 go I
could just grab that nope never mind him
mine they're mine
all right we're getting all the clothes
out for playlist live lot of outfit
choices it looks like so any nose she
came in laid out everything oh that's it
this is the presentation so he's getting
approval for mom all right we have been
preparing all day for playlist I have
packing cleaning the house and Emmy and
Brock were in their rooms all day
cleaning and packing and check it out so
cute he made his own bed he's got a
little Olaf sitting next to Elmo what
better friends in the world then Olaf
and Elmo seriously the tune of two of
the most happiest characters ever and
you've got Nemo and frog I mean both
amphibians creatures
he's so sort I just tell you and here's
any said oh yeah oh yeah look at this
stuffed animal like this fits in my back
okay I know I thought are you excited to
go to playlist live stop okay you're
creepy creepy creepy child seriously he
is still at the age where he old
man down man down okay he's all better
are you ready going to airplane tomorrow
ah yeah you like airplanes you been on
lots of them hot you want to walk for a
second ah okay this is what you find ah
you helping me do laundry at this method
a laundry helper and so far I'm very
proud because I've almost got all the
laundry done we actually have another
giant pile to finish but I've almost got
it all done and this is the first time
that all my laundry in the laundry room
has been finished I know it's ridiculous
when you have five kids it gets wider
yeah yeah you you're one ah makes a big
mess huh Oh your fault all the blows
this whole basket is his and he goes
through clothes the fastest I don't know
Emme is borderline CM me you say and me
and me the M me don't you say Gavin
Gavin - not D Gavin alright we'll work
on it okay
I take that back he is not a little
helper he is a little destroyer that's
not helpful
that's not funny either I'm not
impressed
Jackson seriously you're going to bed
young man he laughs alright baby are we
gonna try again
this uploading things it worked
oh no you know it was one of those
things you'd think you italic sorry and
it was the last one - really yeah I'm
just about to delete these other three
oh yeah so the first three didn't work
the fourth one was the charm
well perhaps for you for not giving up I
endure tinder I never quit never great I
never
it yeah I gotta go put the annotations
on it man I haven't done that yet we
were at this door I'm gonna do it now
please click on the insulate annotations
Kate thanks a lot
we're almost ready to go to playlist
live when you have five children there's
a lot of stuff to pack right honey
we have five oh I didn't tell you oh
that's another thing I probably should I
don't know and I think from that little
giggle we can deduct that Mommy tarde
thinks profanity is funny ah busted knew
it
gotcha thanks for watching please click
on yesterday's vlog on a click on end
mystery video
so I am very frustrating and I know I
shouldn't complain
there are so many other problems in the
world that I don't have to face but you
know when people are like tweeting me
good walk up this is your job we're
gonna burger out dog oh my god anyways
hopefully this vlog went up to smoother
you guys we are on an airplane right now
flying through the air headed to Orlando
Florida hmm yeah see so hopefully we'll
see some of you there
cool and you guys that will not be there
can watch it on the videos I'm gonna try
to get as many videos up as possible
might be someone takes I'm gonna try to
get some editing done in the hotel room
I'm just gonna try to keep on it
hopefully the Internet's good where
we're at anyways la la la blah blah blah
see you soon tomorrow bye
