all right I have a helper yeah we're
doing we're doing laundry to get ready
for playlist live because we need a lot
of clean clothes good job honey
and it's jammy night at school yummy day
at school yeah you look super keen yeah
me getting some more good some more
thank you you're such a big helper for
mommy don't roll it hey watch out
Jackson needs to get some more stuff I
love doing little helpers it's fun there
anymore if you can find any more did you
find some more oh ah done oh good one
sock one sock left all right good job
and you're such a good helper I find ya
love you yes you are high five high five
high question yes we have a lot of work
to do to get ready for playlist live we
gotta pack everybody's bags and I'm
really trying this time to be earlier
about packing I usually wait a little
while get the laundry done and then pack
and then by that time I've waited too
long so we want to get started now so we
make sure we have got the big one down
oh is it guys against girls oh trials
you almost got a head shot oh what's the
name of the game trying to knock over
the other fort who can knock over the
other
Gavin throw a freaking giant ice box oh
you missed his head barely barely here
goes ABA what are you doing back here
not you building big snowball I'm afraid
I'm gonna get hit
yeah that's Chuck enough what do you
think you're doing baby you're gonna
come here he wants to come out let me go
outside you're never welcome the ice
that's ice
that's ice dude you can't call me ice
you're barefoot sure mom's gonna kill me
I better get the baby killing Carly's
money today it is Logan's 20th birthday
can you believe it 20 years old
yeah good wasn't your own you're
hilarious
all right we're ready yep mom's lighting
candles
happy birthday to you mr. low-key bare
areas mr. Lowe shall be her stay tuned
yeah solo is right people singing happy
birthday it feels awkward
happy birthday ladies hey guys Saturday
morning me and America ting ready to go
to ensure performance and we're just
getting ready Annie we need a stretch
still on our tired
so we're packing our bags right now both
have I could say I've loved cheer I were
just getting ready fresh or false you
have on makeup and Missy really let's go
a little presentation she has a big pink
bow
she has closures close right especially
is mascara and eyeliner she has some
brush and some paint lipstick every day
all right it's Saturday morning we are
at the girl's cheer something-or-other I
don't know it's just dad I just drive
here and show up and support and say yay
good job I love you so what I do my job
all right Colette's jumping out right
now with the girls and they're gonna go
in and perform it's busy it's crazy here
take the camera with you all right we
made it and they're practicing and
getting ready for their performance so
this is an actual cheer competition and
the girls are like performing during the
competition so I'm excited
are they know they're just performing
yeah I think it's a high school
competition
it's really crowded they are so cute and
mu so finish this one we don't know what
I'm doing I just run around like this
but I'm like well just smile while you
do it and try to copy the person I'm the
same way when I was a cheerleader it
always took me a little bit longer to
learn their routines than it did my
friends and it always frustrated me I
was just a slow learner I guess and
maybe she's the same way I don't know
but she was really cute alright here we
are at the cheer performance the
anticipation is growing thick grandma
who's here KC is here the flannel
bearded brigade has shown up in the
strong force
there's the little boys supporting their
sister lupus reforms we didn't get it on
camera but she didn't amazing and now
Eva and Braley are about to be next
like all the enemy
yeah strings but now I'm down but see I
want I was going longer than the kids
works and finally they gave up and I am
the victorious pair well Jackson's happy
about it
but Sonya's let me turn music no problem
heigh-ho the derry-o was happy eyes gun
guess what I'm doing wind is really bad
today
all right so Derek is gonna film me
flying down this hill I'm going to put
my arms out like a bird it really does
feel like you're flying if you're going
fast enough and you kind of hold your
head up I've told you guys this when I
was on my bike once if you hold your
head up and you don't look at the ground
you actually feel like you're flying
because you look out into the valley and
it's like you're up with the mountains
and the clouds because we're up at the
elevation of the clouds follow me
and imagine if you will you were flying
through the air
oh this mr. neon pants safe on your
marks get set very first you're last
before I given I love to our friends and
stars and he said you gotta go you gotta
get up and go before you get anywhere
scoffs lamb sweat you're not there yet
to position
take saliva guts to wear your heart on
your sleeve and I'm never gonna quit
ever Derek Miller on camera everybody
can follow you now I know the chairlift
is off it's the last run of the day it's
very sad sad time at the end of the day
when the chairlift turns off you know
where he goes Derek I got him
just having fun having fun with my buddy
I was gonna have a real quick frank
discussion with you real quick about
brand deals because I did the naturebox
one the other day and I said that I
wasn't gonna do a lot this year
mainly because instead of promoting
other people's products I wanna prove
before I put my own my own projects or
hey check it out anyways but I am
scheduled to do just in full disclosure
why not like you care I don't know six
nature bucks brand deals this year so
that there will be one a month but I
have no other like you know deals for
any other brands to do anything else so
I'm gonna try to stick with that with
not doing very many brand oh I don't
know as I don't think there it would be
noble hey have a good day so much fun
it's fun it's fun you know we do like
two runs where we go hard and then the
rest of them are like just the groomed
stuff where we just like practice our
turns we're like we don't need to jump
we don't need to go hard let's just go
let's go practice go practice our form
right right it's all about preservation
of body yeah our joints are joining
number that no cartilage thing yeah
alright taking the boots off seven more
burpees jeez how many birdies will be
done it's a lot so we're doing burpees
for every blink scored in the Superbowl
all right let's see him what's the score
14:24 add them up how many burpees is
that okay here we go
and we're going to push up in the Burpo
- sure no we have to do seven no I think
it's a seven house you might be stacks
is doing burpees let's go come on get up
come on get up
give me those burpees I hope they don't
score any more well that's a wrap on
Super Bowl 49 congratulations to the New
England Patriots for being the champions
I don't really care who won did you care
a B was written for the Seahawks Brock
was rooting for the scooters you sad we
don't really care who won we're just
having fun watching it my favorite part
is honestly social media I love seeing a
commercial and being like oh I wonder
who's gonna say what about that
commercial and then I go through it I
read and I'm like yeah I figured they'd
say something like that it's fun I like
social media during big events like that
michael buckley won the night though
with the Karate Kid reference when the
guys were fighting on the field he said
sweep the leg or he goes give him the
body bag Johnny put him in a body bag
Johnny I'm a sucker for Karate Kid
references anyways great Super Bowl had
a blast
baby tard did you think it was a good
game you didn't watch it are you kidding
me
when the Seahawks were like you could
totally tell her I'm gonna get a
touchdown and then Butler from the
Patriots comes in when he throws it and
he just jumps right in front intercepts
it dude you know why cuz he's got a
great name that's right hard work
there's the Patriot and then the C house
and then the Beatrice dc-10 the Patriots
a D huh anyway it's good game Zeke Zeke
just like I want some of those wings dad
please eh - you guys haven't heard that
song yet the full thing I was Emme
singing while I was doing a little ski
in there it's this is my year bye hi I'm
Ronald Erickson co sung by Emmy Lou
Fisher a butler my daughter click on
that feeling lucky button check it out
um burpees I'm so glad I did those
burpees because I felt not as gluttonous
after the Super Bowl was over I had a
lot of chicken wings I'm not gonna lie
to you and I was not shy with the ranch
I dipped up to my elbow in some cases
that's right I licked my entire forearm
clean of ranch dressing do not judge me
I don't care who you think you are I
like ranch dressing and I like to dip it
on lots of stuff anyways burpees will
get you fit son you know I'm saying they
do them in jail and dudes in jail or cut
their jack they're ripped they're
shredded they look good with their
shirts off what do they do they're in
jail they don't have any fancy gym
equipment they do burpees they jump on
the ground they push up and they set up
you want to look like you're in jail do
burpees burpees equals jail and they
suck as bad as jail - I hope I didn't
offend anybody in jail that is now gonna
come and kill me okay I love you guys
thanks for watching check out
yesterday's well click on that feeling
lucky button if you wanna see if the
Shaytards are doing one two three four
and five years ago click on those
corresponding numbers I love you see you
soon
tomorrow actually yep I'll see you
tomorrow
