oh never game day oh god wake up big
people oh oh hi good morning brah
what's up what do you want breakfast
your breakfast
oh dude we're out of cereal look eat I
eat
oh wait a naturebox yeah say that is me
you breakfast Abed
you made me breakfast in bed
wait a minute you ate a bowl where's my
roasted Peruvian corn kernel you 800 ate
all my nature bogs you ate all my nature
Mugsy
all right you guys get your own nature
box at nature box calm
they're delicious and they're good for
breakfast and you don't even have to
wake up cuz your kids can just open the
bag and eat them all by themselves
good job
wasn't that a cute skit we just made it
up as we were sleeping and look where
we're taking all the stuff out of the
nature box things we like the work we
put all this stuff we just made
ourselves like a nice little Super Bowl
sampler like a Super Bowl sampler tray
I'm not guaranteed it will be there
right it'll be gone yeah anyways we have
a big day today my buddy Charles Trippy
is coming to town he's in Utah at
Sundance and he's coming to see us today
hey great job on the skit dude very
proud of you
you're great little actress you did good
too it's Jamie day at school today huh
yeah you got his jammies on it's gonna
go to Jamie day he was getting ready go
to school but I'm like we helped me
make a naturebox video and he's like
yeah I'll help you so he's my little
actor today you're a great job dude give
me five
okay you ready to go to school okay
let's go all right we have been super
crazy busy shooting up here this is
Carly's musical studio area
yeah we're shooting for trixin he hunts
got the baby I'm your babysitter
just give him cookies right he's like
mom and god Logan excited about this I'm
super pumped
we can't wait if you guys haven't all
tricks on Instagram Waldo politics and
clothing do it woman OH
whoops-a-daisy oh look I was here side
it must pick me up
look who's here I actually want to do
because I haven't put my vlog up for
today so I don't know I've been doing my
photo shoot for tricks and clothings
let's do something where like I'm making
a one take and make an excuse why I
can't
and like you come out of the background
you'd be like that's a horrible excuse
you guys have already seen it though we
haven't thought of it yet we're gonna
give a one take yeah it started yeah
last night now
yeah go watch you I hope it's funny we
haven't thought of what it is yeah it'll
be funny we hope we'll do it I'm giving
them the tour right now we got a horse
because he is he bigger since you saw
him last poppy was oh that's right huh
he's the size of a head nice a whole
horthy all right Charles is gonna try to
pogo stick let's see how he does oh
don't break your noggin do not break
your noggin young man - you'll get it
you'll get it you'll get it muscle
memory look he tried he's already been
in the Idaho mud that's Chuckster
disgusting your place is beautiful
we got hugs before you did you know that
yes notice that hey um so right now I'm
getting I'm getting basically a set list
of all the new we the kings album oh
they hurt a little bit there's a little
bit hurt a little bit yeah the hurt Alou
let me take that out kindly that okay so
this is cool I'm like literally hearing
all of the new we the King songs on a
bang here but while we're overlooking
the Mount
I'm listening to all the new stuff
that's you bad anyway the Kings fans out
there
listen I'll sell you the song I'll give
anyways guys this is so cool now this is
sweet man
play me another one playing another one
I feel naughty oh you can't listen it's
new we the Kings where you can hear this
part yeah they already know this one I
know this one they know this one
yeah I love it I love it it's good stuff
I just did some sweet cookies in my
truck too you should go watch Charles
vlog please some awesome I really put
this truck to use today I really I was
showing off but I didn't go back alley
were you impressed
I'm completely impressed you're
impressed with my members yeah I wasn't
impressed I got so frightened but
impressed
go watch Charles vlog to see my move
they were sweet
I really don't drive this truck like
this more often
really fun is let me drive it you want
to try it have a seizure yeah too soon
bro funny I'm gonna shake this 2015 we
had seizures he's making jokes about it
that's funny you know I like that's a
good attitude is a grant that's right a
to dabble anyways alright you wanna
drive no you better not
yeah you did even if you wrecked it
wouldn't matter I heard nothing like
should you yeah when is the last time
you drove Charles can't drive he had
open brain head surgery and so he's not
allowed to drive so you haven't driven
since when 2012 I think now long tour
was I shut up you haven't driven a car
since then no Boise I was on number so
dad's win that's the last time you've
done tour bus come drive the truck dude
he's driving the truck in the road you
drive up in the mountains look where's
he gonna wreck look if he's not he's
gonna wreck into the bush it's excited
this is exciting Charles is gonna drive
against doctor's orders
yeah just put it in the drive really
good it's in four-wheel drive Oh when's
the last time you driven that's crazy
this is exciting
drive fever gonna play here's Ebola oh
you okay back there you getting nervous
give it some gas dude give it some
gumption
get it - get it yes what they're free to
be nice oh he's put the truck to use
baby get it get it get it
nice look at some cookies laughter Mario
Andretti at the wheel I'll be making a
mess appeal oh my gosh oh my God look at
these tracks
drive it like you stole it that was
awesome
that's a good first Drive in the last
three four years three years that's the
way to come back do those five sorry mom
that was radical hey were you guys doing
mama mama
wakey mama my mama meme I'm at home
wherever I want look at the blue eyes
you can see its eyes hey blue eyes
please take your paws muddy fun funny oh
there you go wash them off you look you
slipping around whoa I don't like that
that's slippery all right so we are out
to wingers you know yeah whenever we
have a friend come in town we have to
take him to our regular spot you know
delicious first time Charles has ever
been to Idaho Howie
yeah that's the first time he's ever
seen snow and a baby she's never
actually seen a person under three feet
tall so that this is a big moment for
her
yeah are you a zombie no there's a
zombie Charles Trippy alright the best
part of wingers menu yes Nellie has to
fight for oh you're not hungry it's a
good read it you're just sugar monsters
so we're good actors like we do I know
pretty soon we just we just Arend er it
to the kids there's too much going on in
that asshole my zekiel you giving
Charles a hug
I think you cheated he cheated innie
look at that gluteus maximus filled out
your chart right Superman
finale door where's the baby there's the
baby
there's the kiddies
there's kiddies and babies and mommies
what are you doing up there young lady
oh yeah we showed this in our vlog
Charles you're a celebrity in our house
look Charles is in the Guinness Book of
World Records
that's that didn't check it out that's
cool Nicole whoa there's Charles in the
Guinness Book World Records what what
that's sweet
you've never seen one of those yet
that's cool Jackson did you find your
body
did you find your bike Joyner write it
okay come on here okay write it cuz I go
how does this thing work alright this is
the first mommy Tardieu in pogo stick I
do want to see this one Charles Trippy
is doing kick flips and mommy cards
doing pogo stick
3 do it again oh you got ball wobbles
okay get five of them babe go nice
here let me let me spot her here all
right for a big job what you want
another kid oh you just fit it was just
sit over there
Gavin Butler getting that ollie down
come on see now you have a garage dude
you can practice you get good at your
Ollie's nice here comes mommy turn
you're cute Gavin hey you just want to
see me unbox new trick
let's show them we put this on Instagram
the other day Charles Zi no okay ready
yeah you have a job
all right broad Scott his helmet on now
he has come he said dad put my helmet on
there you go yeah I'm chest yeah all
right so Brock just says I want to see
what's on your arms not cool what you
can find out there who's that those are
my dogs
those are my dogs that's Marly and Zoe
that's from Star Wars as your parents
taught you Star Wars yet we don't we
don't teach that kind of propaganda in
this house
that's a galaxy yeah I have a galaxy
most galaxies on my elbow you believe
that have a big arm don't I big muscles
do you want to get one of those on your
arm Brock are you do I can start coming
another one on your arm on your right
yes I'll call it right here
everywhere you want to sleep great
thanks our thanks Brock it's cool of me
just ask mom together we're Colette hurt
oh my God he's like yeah
I told you to wear a long sleeve shirt
when you come to our house
you put spaceship spaceship it's funny
and I don't have a spaceship on my arm
dude is eat do that to you did he yeah
dude you had a Zeke claw print right
you're nice you got a bad Z when it came
because a wall yeah that's the Sun not
cool actually Brock those really hurt
they put those on with needles it's a
giant you this is me in face cuz I
always lose my camera that ones drop it
this is me losing losing my camera in
space and then this 5:09 is my start of
the vlogs
May 2009 it's collecting them what like
I know there's neat little kid like look
again don't treat him like he's just a
big piece of meat he's a person to where
those are stars yeah he's like
inspecting the judges Lamesa
the galaxy to hood nebula will that be
sad he knows we're letting oh he's doing
it on purpose I can't see it you put
some I ah you can't just rip his arm off
rock it'll be easier to look at you just
just rip it off of his body then you see
no smoke in my arm what's this haha got
just something I think we'll just end
right there on another one of my
hilarious jokes
way to go Shay Carl you're hilarious and
yes thanks for watching today isn't it
cool Charles Trippy came to Idaho it's
crazy we've known each other for over
six years now
maybe like almost 7 we've been friends
for seven years he's probably my longest
like Internet slash real life friend so
it's cool to have him here and like you
know show him all around my town and my
house and stuff like that so click on
that feeling lucky button that will take
you to his channel he is getting close
to hitting
two million subscribers so go subscribe
to him he said if he gets to two million
he's going to get a tattoo of a unicorn
on his butt which in case I will not let
the kids inspect that tattoo but I'm
sure he'll send pics so go ahead and
subscribe and go watch no seriously I
was peeling out big time in my truck in
the snow I've like never done that up
there before so it was really cool go
watch that on Charles Channel and then
if you want to see what the Shay Todd's
been doing all them years ago click on
that one two three four and five you
know I'm saying it's the end slate you
can click right on the screen unless you
on a mobile device something you got to
click on those links in the info below
the video description that's right down
click on that show more info show you
click on down there all right if I
offended everybody now I think so okay
cool good excellent I will see you
tomorrow
