the coolest cat in here has to be Shay I
mean check out his glasses bro are those
my closest books for my glasses okay
whose glasses these are I'm wearing you
look so cool are you ready to CrossFit
it up you know I woke up this morning on
the wrong side of the bed yeah you look
pretty cool too what about this baby his
shoes are cool Nice Kicks baby well
frankly it just puts a downer on our
lives we don't necessarily want to hear
about your downer okay tell us why your
Downers I'm wearing these glasses you
know the days you wake up you're just
like yes
who cares I think the goal is to maybe
have less of those than you have good
days I'm having a great day
we just are having bad days on the vlogs
where are you the dead deer see it's a
bad day it's an omen you better hold my
hand then okay sounds good it's still
enough bad I do feel better just a
CrossFit never ever ever after work I've
been like I wish I wouldn't have done
that work out it's always I was showing
harder which would have done more carry
this same okay he's heavy oh my arms I
kid gonna drag him Oh too tired
I'm too tired he's too heavy all right
want to get some groceries I'm gonna get
some fresh fruit for breakfast scared
you
yeah we bought blueberries and baby
berries got a baby berry thing is I was
gonna scare Carly and I got the camera
and that she saw me
you guys are home from school already to
Lux dogs stop leaving your lip junk
everywhere together
this is because what have you found rat
poison on the ground
you start wiping that all over your face
too huh hey look here's giraffe crap oh
I just found that yes rats why I put on
my face I can whip you some up let's go
yeah I have her Nightingale poop is like
rare yeah that's doing that who's that
for who's that for what you guys learn
at school today
oh great you're in fourth grade you
learn how to subtract subtract mixed
numbers mixed numbers how do you
subtract mixed number and a fraction you
made example like 3 to 6 minus 3 and 2 6
minus 1 1 6 ok and then showed us how to
regroup with fractions you know that
right you got to regroup with fractions
right of course it is the tallest thing
one is a fairy thing or the smallest
effect penguin is you learn that today I
penguin knowledge and then the biggest
one is ever emperor penguin good that's
right we learned that from Morgan
Freeman I think I don't know I saw that
movie Avia flava what did you learn
today I learned we aged some
observations on items and observations
is like you look at something and you
tell how smooth it is how it looks what
color it is or with the texture feels
like alright what did you observe well
we did like um balloons we did some
pendants we did did you write like notes
down like this item felt and sounded
like this did you ever do it blindfolded
so you couldn't see because then I think
the other
cesare heightened when you're blind did
it or deaf invented it
cool bro if the apples last it can
happen I have this don't come I think
please no yeah please no I'll buy you a
pair I'll pay you wait to us completely
cut back to you just wanted them I can't
decide if you just want make it out of
your grill oh wait you're dipping in
caramel oh I see what we're doing I got
it all right welcome to the Shaytards
suburban we are bourbon and we are Jews
middle-aged parents raising our family
check us out check us out which is
middle age raising a family well okay if
you live to be a hundred than I guess
middle ages 50 shut up this is a shame
Colette show okay yeah really wait until
you're told
Oh gates you may speak gage Telmo we're
going broke and guess who's making
dinner tonight I am I am Gavin why you
making dinner tonight bro
it's perfect yes have to cook three
meals at home and so one of them
so it's a requirement you have to make
dinner he has to make breakfast lunch
and dinner
not necessarily in that order make
breakfast for dinner but I am feel like
this for dinner so why would breakfast
for dinner let's do that dude waffles
bacon sausage Willy before we should
probably do breakfast or dinner like on
the weekend so we can eat like 1100 carp
yeah so Gavin is eating his cookies
merit badge all right so we're gonna go
shop and get the stuff for dinner what
are you doing you can't climb out of
there bugger knows hey what are you
doing I'm looking for CrossFit shoes to
motivate me to do CrossFit more so I'll
be healthy and live longer so I can beat
your lightning hit your face provide for
you and we help you raise our children
for all eternity that sounds like an
excuse that's what I'm doing over here
what are you doing oh just making sure
this baby doesn't fall out of the cart
he's growling no mm-hmm I like this song
it's catchy
you guys watch out for tossing
pedestrians oh snap you put up a good
fight okay we're looking for a baby oh
oh god be careful you gotta pick up your
toes alright just finish cross bitch
talk to me about it so what we did we
wound up we did 400 meters brand okay
gage you did that too we wound up and
then we did for eight minutes
we did five really five presses you just
I had like a 15 and then I got like a 30
so what July was your hands hurting it
oh and then after that we did five
presses from seven birdies 9 box jumps
and yeah gage come over here dude did
that for eight minutes some dudes
planning a drive-by over there once I
got and that's all right tell us okay so
we did this thing called then no farmers
walk and way to hold the thing yeah I
mean twelve pounds you held twelve
pounds play-doh bells in your hand
no 12 pound like weight and I to ten
pound weights and then this other girl
that was younger than me had to twelve
so then after we did one evening we
decided to switch so me and hit her
switch and then we went the rest away
how many did we lose weird one of them
was twenty pounds and the other was 25
and my hands started shaking dude that's
good wait so you did one that was a
20-pound weight and one those are 25
pounds they gave you that I was like
then we have to do three okay just just
walk just from a weight just holding
your hand and walk alright yeah thought
you good workout alright get in the car
let's go eat food three five gauger yeah
alright so you know that whole thing
about going to buy food at the grocery
store so Gavin can do is merit badge
decide that we are hungry right now and
we didn't want to wait for all that so
we're going out to eat are we losers
guys easy cheesy here we go let's eat
all right change of plans we did not
make sloppy joes tonight we are going to
prepare those well Gavin is going to
make both tomorrow night oh you did I
didn't know things I'm sorry but did you
tell them about the other thing that
we're making we're making chocolate chip
cookies because it's family night we
need a treat right yeah chocolate chip
cookies what are you guys doing
are you addicted to cross the
one day that's your new year news
auction are you going to enter some
games no cookies so then you can do more
right yeah all right this is the best
chocolate chip cookie baby all right
let's see how these cookies are turning
out so hard all right
these ones are cooking a little bit fast
around the edges and Ravana but I moved
it up a rat so I'm hoping they don't
cook bad they're not looking too bad
nobody and let me just tell you that
those cookies were so dang good I poured
me the biggest glass of ice-cold almond
milk and I'm not gonna just couldn't
level with you I think I had maybe five
five or six five or six chocolate chip
cookies dipped in ice-cold almond milk
it was so good and I did not need that
but it was delicious so thank you
darling for make
chocolate-chip cookies and then we had a
family night and it wasn't a bad day I
don't know I was just kind of grumpy cuz
II quote me up to go pee like three
times in the night and then it's like
he'll go out and go pee and then he like
goes and roams around the property and
barks and stuff so then I'll like lay
back down and then he comes back to the
door and he's barking at the door so
it's like by the time I let him out to
go pee in the night three times I have
to get up six times and it's like I
didn't get a good night's sleep to go do
you know how it is just one of those
days and she's angry no make up you okay
uh thanks for watching we appreciate it
if you want to click on yesterday's vlog
there's my wife Shanna smiley face
you're feeling lucky click on that pony
guy I want to get that skinny again
remember when I was that guy pointing on
the run the red carpet at the Mary hates
me she go anyways love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow okay is that it okay
love you bye
