hi I'm login here oh it is a beautiful
Saturday morning hey I love you
trying to look buff because I have a
date tonight with my wife yeah
date night excited for date night yeah
fancy dinner date night well and yeah
glasses on yeah I was done a little
chubby so we gotta gotta get up early
hit that CrossFit getting some chores
done on Saturday getting cars washed
getting car shined I'm gonna bet you my
truck Saturday yeah it's
in the car right you guys you know we
got to do it here we go
Saturday night date night I got a
babysitter
cuz I'm going on a date with your mom
hey what I cannot hug you you're a
disgusting dirty little River baby
ha ha all right you guys stay here
expressing Ella cam from pink shirt you
like it
your mom likes it that's why I'm wearing
it what penguin she's having an egg and
this is her little baby cool pizza night
Saturday Pete tonight me mom on a date
you guys be good for the babysitter okay
okey-dokey
she's gonna be here in about 29 seconds
yep she's coming I saw somebody comment
that Sophie is like the Idaho Cecily is
that true we're gonna go see Cecily in
Orlando playlist live it's funny all
right here we go on a date I'm excited
oh yeah Dharma who is it coming it is so
big welcome to our home yeah fancy I
love you well excuse me you're excused
see that skirt you look gorgeous shaky
though shoot shoot
give me a spin a row schemer screams
going on okay
sorry not ready yet all right I'm sorry
too Russia Russia you look gorgeous
Hey Hey ready for date night did you
show yourself yet because you look very
better yeah I'm fine showing that crap
on the internet that's disgusting I just
think you all should notice
dapper and handsome men look good
oh you're so handsome I you look like
like a confident Wall Street I don't
know we both look like I'm going bald
that's right no you don't you're so pan
down look eyes are down here please
a dollar 79 a galvan set a ba ba good
golly a buck 79 that's a screaming of a
deal okay you don't look like you're on
Wall Street anymore good golly good
golly Miss Molly matzo that's a steal of
a dollar seventy men are those water I
gave my son thank you why I keep having
the urge to pull this out I just spray
everybody in the face of gasps aah I'm
coming on the way now I know just it's
not normal ben-hur gasps why they're not
normal weirdo that is normal for him
guys he does say stuff like that all the
time I told him so I told him that you
do black tar heroin you'll have to watch
dawn you'll have to watch the vlog later
and edit it
very good baby
six get weird cool you have to want now
grow something oh my hey
but I know nicepeter and epiclloyd epic
Rap Battles of History are in the new
spongebob movie go check it out what
they are
oh cool got masks come on wake up all
right we just had a very nice
sophisticated dinner we talked about
politics and world affairs and we did
throw mashed potatoes at one point he
did and there was one point where mom
threw part of her salad at me dad looked
on disapprovingly as usual what the
thumbs-down but look what we're leaving
for the tip we are talking to her but we
had candy and Colette's purse we're
leaving candy bars and starbursts as the
Scoobies I was very fans vigilant even
me up we spoke over a world politics cuz
we had crisp vegetables imported from
the finest regions across the world it
was delightful
are you sunday sunday sunday one and
only mommy times climbing up in a closet
are you doing up there china reaches
your street to teach for advertise for a
long time today is stake conference and
I told bra dude we have to sit in the
chairs for two hours so you gotta be
good you got to help me out dude help a
brother out
yeah go make your hair backs let me make
your hair too
you got the sweet going on here but you
do that the cute sweep going on what you
ha getting hot flashes pregnancy rumors
start here at the Shaytards
she's got a sound so she's got a sound
so she's got the wallet record scratch
what
where are your argyle socks young lady
dude are you really wearing Argyle under
there and you're not wearing a hold on
let me just let me just dip into my
secret stash I have here what do you
need pink blue dark blue me hook yet
where they are the blue MC shaycarl
always got a stash of Argyle on hand you
know saying you need a pair I got it all
right let's make your hair and wipe your
boogers oh my they're a beautiful
butterfly just flew into my presence
yeah we look like Goldilocks on this
beautiful winter sigh today when we
prepare to go to church usual as to plie
at the end Juno plie is beautiful
excellent what do you need your head
looks good you need curl need to curl a
trim what do you need oh he's doing the
his wife and his boogers on his hands I
got a hand hey grab a napkin a thingy
I'm a book writer we need a booger wipe
or stat forceps and a booger wiper you
get it get it get it
grab that head we need forceps head
forceps baby head booger distraction
forceps oh it's such a dramatic process
you got to get them fast
there's many methods to getting baby
snot off some you know you just go real
like real soft so they don't freak out
some you got to just like wrap your arm
around their forehead let me give you
just a little example in case you need
it for future reference go like this
usually I'll have a camera in my hand
the other hand you wipe those boogers
yes sir I'm smacking you with
Muslim I shake a bomb swag all right
let's go to church I got to make my hair
here we go
Dax is not filming what's up dude just
needed to throw a little fit you cool
enough oh just a little bit of drama dad
now that's when toppings out the West
you know what Tyler you have to wear
boots anywhere to go eat there is a
sheet of ice I walked outside and I
almost slipped on the deck where we
going dude I got to make my hair still
yeah are you going I'm gonna do the worm
let's see him good push-ups he's got his
combat boots on good job did you even
watch him crack he watches CrossFit
every day so he sees us to him in the
daycare watching friends oh hey excuse
me excuse me mr. handsome - excuse me
mr. handsome to ask you a few questions
you you're busy mr. handsome is hard to
get up an appointment with she want to
come you want to finish off the job go
ahead see if you knew better than me I
think I made it look pretty damn good a
little rat tail you got in the back
there's not much to work with here
let's see what you got huh Relson vidal
sassoon
techniques I don't know like your tie
looks good all right you ready ready
blue eyes hey blue eyes you a little
Church
I've got her about Jesus guy here you
look good let me see that very handsome
very handsome boy levy job here
you're the comb yes you're partial
person's fish oh it's sad when yours
just so little you can't go outside and
jump on the trap I'm sorry baby boy they
just can't go out there you'll get
jumped on you don't want to get jumped
on but he just keeps watching keep
watching them look at all those kids
cousins no mom oh it's exciting hey what
are we making it strangle this is how we
mix the powdered sugar on it just don't
squeeze it back so tight that it pops
open please everybody's one of our
favorite things to eat as a family would
I take their mix good enough no well doc
smash them all here let's look at it mmm
look good you guys want to try some yeah
yeah right
I want to play all home okay horrible
yummy right it's Ruby dude it's time for
family movie night we decided to watch
Coneheads how many years has it been
since you guys have seen conehead I'm
excited anyways and and we made our
little bags of muddy buddies for us so
you can all join me yeah thank you
hey where's your clothes he's forever a
California boy he will not be pants on
unless he has to go outside then he'll
be able to go excuse me
anyways
