business log one trixin clothing company
today is the beginning of a new business
oh look at them all here
command our CEO has arrived you're
setting a bad example if you're in
charge around here here's the crew Oh
business meeting 9 a.m. everybody's here
bright and early
it's 903 you ready dog ready tell them
what's going down you guys there's some
great new designs coming out today we're
getting ready for playlist live we hope
to see you out there it's our official
launch February 6 and on to Florida we
hope to see you guys there tricks and
clothing gonna be doing a b.i.g
sometimes there's a little too much thug
and tricks in clothing yeah good morning
here's the Board of Directors over here
what's up how's it going Logan comes
prepared
you got some slides you got our logo
everything you see is what's gonna be
launched so you guys don't give too much
away hopefully we're gonna see I like
this dude I'm only wearing that that's
nice
yeah all right this is official we're it
we're all here in the front room where
we haven't joined me it's like a goto
meeting so we're having a meeting with
our website guy Aaron who's also a
founder of the company primarily hey
director of the board
I need a hugs I need a hug
we might have a possible collaboration
ladies and gentlemen could Carly Stiles
and local McKay 55 be working the other
14 days working days to get buff can you
get ripped in 14 days
dude I'm I'm mindful of it I want I want
my shirts to fit nicely when I'm eating
hundreds of people that was in the order
to swim ensue stressing out but you got
a good one monitor has a sweet swimsuit
playlist live I'll be a pervert all
right sorry Brett we're ready you guys
we're in a meeting I gotta go it's a
mountain a mountain of sucks and at the
top it's so FIFA she's helping me pulled
my socks guys I know it's a lot of socks
but there's a lot of people we were
talking about is that talking with about
this canvas I was talking to Candace the
other day and she said it's a lot of
socks when you think you've got seven
people in the house and each of us wear
a pair of socks a day and I don't wear
my socks twice I don't know about you
guys but usually after once it's time to
change them so we get a lot of socks and
it's hard to keep up on the laundry of
socks so here we go let's try to make
make some matches here in the sock
Department match much mr. maleeni and
that did you find a wall are you it's no
good in Coopersville pretty sure that's
Coopers oh that's so sweet
don't bite me okay watching that was
scary okay okay all right all right
I love you this is the definition of
sweating oh he's going over to Mary's
Anatomy he wanted a back flip
I can tell dude
these days or what it's all about
Friday it's going into the weekend Derek
called me he's like let's go skiing half
day just couple hours
hardly anybody up here the so's the
snow's pretty soft like there's not a
lot of snow but man there's so many
memories so much nostalgia like not not
the fun of skiing here but me and this
guy we grew up here like every single
way down this mountain we have at least
five memories was a good day you can
name any Ron and we could tell you where
one of us has gotten hurt one of us
where our friends have broken a ski or
hurt themselves got to get stitches
all right
yeah every to every tree so this is
called owl drop the big Mobile's run
check-check Derek how much can I rest
when his life is just a breath I can
erase regret if I just put in my best
I'm coming into my chest it's not
when the permissions of future time but
you gotta start on the press right I'm
living a life
coming in last I'm running as fast as my
GP can take you I am you can i play
all right so when you're skiing through
the trees a breakneck pace and you see a
sign like this you should slow down
because you got to go for a little
freefall no I'm syan let's go see Derek
Ray Miller dares to jump off this boom
we've jumped that cliff before I don't
know if I want to do it today in this
low snow come on snow yeah that with
these rocks remember that we used to
come here we'd stand on top of this
cliff and look for the best landing
Derek could come down here I do worse
the most snow and on good snow days we
got a lot of powder would come flying
off this bad boy yeah
that was what our knees had cartilage
remember that remember when our knees
had cartilage you know now those were
good days you guys when your knees have
cartilage in them enjoy those times
because they don't last forever may I
for just one momento as they say in ol
espanol show you the grandness
of the scene as the clouds float above
the valley like a blanket of soft winter
freshness
one more time just what you just look at
it JA having a great time check my
alright that's day on the mountain man
don't you love this house
don't you love it I love this house this
house love this house doesn't say Hill
and mountain and you know how Sun in the
setting sky skin is burning your thighs
no Colleen's mine you can play a cement
oh she did how she's writing her making
 down Wow is a ruffian
the Ducks are just gonna play on the
table let him play some Legos as long as
he doesn't eat him
no she's not glass but she's very
special so you still have to be careful
with her okay okay then go find another
doll go find one of your dolls no this
one's mine
yeah I got her for my birthday I bought
her for myself for my birthday baby
okay in honor of Stephanie's birthday
which this is stuffy over here show us
Stephanie definitely we made her
favorite piece yep I
today don't mind everybody all right
it's Friday night
just come back from skiing and these two
butt heads think they can run faster
than their old man you can't run faster
than an old man we're going to get a
stove for Gavin to scouting he's doing
Scouts cooking merit badge and it's for
an eagle but it's easier if we do it now
cool so we got to go find a stove and
it's a big camping Expo tomorrow morning
and he needs a camp stove I might do
hard-boiled eggs and sausage yeah look
maybe need some snowshoes too okay let's
find a camp stove I think is there this
way that's below all right so we found a
little camp stove it's like a
backpacking stove that's a pretty big
tank yeah dad that's they only have
these big ones usually backpacking ones
are like half that anyways here's just
like a little stove and you use this
fuel you light it up and then you boil
your water and then you can put like you
know dehydrated food you pour the water
in there or boil eggs or sausages it's
just all about how to make some real
good food when you're
Mountains and you're camping you're
hiking around like hey let's go stay in
the wilderness even though we've already
made buildings and stuff it might just
be fun to go pretend like we don't have
any of that we didn't we didn't have
electricity and nice water and soft beds
let's go live in the wilderness I don't
know why we camp but it's what we do so
anyway helmet that's the one you want
because she is a expert all right ready
let's go shake your hand if your
supervision doesn't like me to tickle is
belly it's gonna be awkward when I order
the lobster now yeah we want the guy
we're hanging out with in the lobby I
know all right you guys gonna help
Colette pick out some drapes lions
they're called vignettes then whatever
so her home we ate dinner and go to bed
tired Colette is picking out some like I
don't know vignettes but there blood
there they cover the windows and she
cannot decide on a color what would you
guys pick with this granite kind of like
a blue like light heart or like a silver
or like a dark to match the ground
I mean what do you like better out of
all those for what to put to cover the
window what would you pick what fabric
would you pick to cover all the windows
imagine we just got home it's dark you
want to cover the window so we can run
around like naked crazy people yeah you
what try that one okay you like the dark
one I kind of like that one - I like
this middle one they'll collect like the
great debate well you better choose I'm
going to bed good night guys Monday
before I given I look to our friends and
stars and he said you got a girl you
gotta get up and go before you get
anywhere
