hi right it's time for hair cutting time
it's been long overdue huh looks like I
scared well I we've all been busy it's
hard to get us all right yes the grows
super fast and we're going to Florida
we are Rockefeller but yeah we really
wanted Disneyworld recited dude listen
you're so cute he's been talking about
Disneyworld ever since dad went to
Disney World and he cannot wait so I'm
really excited
plus he's so excited because he will see
do you remember who's coming Cecily yeah
he misses her so so so so much so we get
to hang out with Cecily for a whole week
and Allen to play you want to play with
her she wants to play was always ready
to see you oh yeah I go when I get here
you can come by E great what did you do
oh wait hold on a second put it back on
quick I like that even that's fun that
fits you I think oh my goodness look at
all that hair who's that I'm glad it's
on the floor now cuz your hair looks so
cool I love it you're so handsome
taco taco taco taco Wednesday what we're
throwing things around a little bit it's
not Tuesday it's Wednesday rubbing tacos
we were really going to have black bean
no not likely no what are they called
they're called sweet potato burritos
that I make with beans and sweet
potatoes and they're really good they're
a really good vegetarian burrito I love
them I was gonna make those but I didn't
quite have time yeah it is right here
she's a candy cow with the boys getting
a haircut and then Kailyn KC and their
family is gonna come down and eat tacos
with us I'm getting really excited you
guys flightless live is just around the
corner and I've been you know
to get summer-ish cells rounded up for
the kids because they have all winter
clothes right now
why are you wanting ah what show me
where that that's brown sugar no you
can't have that
oh he wants that you want trail mix yeah
nacho mix hey yes okay come on my little
bottle Oh No right here for you
you ready here you go you go he doesn't
want those he wants this he wants to be
you stinker
we've trained you well no more chocolate
accent were eating tacos okay I've gotta
hurry and get these tacos made before
the kids eat everything else in the
pantry we have no footage it's a major
problem
this is what we deal with you guys this
is I got some footage I'm so proud of
you don't you're the best footage get er
why don't we get footage some days well
I think it's like there's too many like
like regular life chores yeah we don't
want to vlog like well plus we don't
want to show some things you know so but
some things are just third like we had a
major a big appointment thing with a
legal business thing today at 4:30 and
it's like I'm not gonna vlog that so
anyways we did go to CrossFit though
didn't vlog that our buns are so shown
what you did I love going to CrossFit
with Colette because she wears these
tight pants and dango they are hot
Kaleigh have you come to CrossFit you
can see Colette nur CrossFit pants
going tomorrow I want to see sure are
you really you're just saying that I'm
just saying that Hey look at that
haircut who is the most handsome man in
the world turn to the side
ma'am you are a not a sir Brock by the
way I miss it good go get me again 360
360 degrees
courtesy of hey Kaylie Butler's like so
into his haircut it really means he's
been asking really like getting a
haircut
he's been asking dad okay lira coin I
came in and duck Broncos what do you say
click Kaylie made this for me she made
it for me your haircut says she'd cut my
hair now you'll be looking fresh for
playlist live yo all right having tacos
it's Taco Tuesday is it Tuesday
Wednesday cilantro live with Alice oh do
we have any lime I would like some lime
my taco and we have put the baby in the
chair nobody puts Baby at a chair is
that the Darth Vader onesie who gave him
this Darth Vader onesie Oh
fools oh serious
thanks Cheryl Azhar was trending don't
fool thanks lawns do did you I know we
did for CrossFit or not oh yeah yeah
yeah let's go back to that okay wait
what are we doing two minutes of burpees
no we did no no kettlebell squat goblet
squats 15 of those yeah giant goblet 15
of those and then two minutes of burpees
so you can do in two minutes
and we show Kate let's see
already done push-ups and a burpee you
do it you do it to click like Gavin had
to do a lot of burpees today at CrossFit
they played Burpee dodgeball if you got
hit if you got hit or somebody caught
your past you had to do five burpees
this is a burpee yeah oh and you had to
do that for two minutes we should have a
contest with the kids yeah you're like
huh you're drippings here look dude I'm
going to show you my I kind of cheated a
little bit I think the real Burpee
you're supposed to jump from here yeah I
were kind of doing like pushup burpees I
was just like stand up yeah cuz I was so
tired after 45 seconds I look up at the
clock and I was like I figured I was
almost done I'm like I haven't even got
a minute like this again no 25 burpees I
did 25 burpees in two minutes that's the
challenge I give to you can you do 25 of
those in two minutes that's what I got
and I was dead
all right oh we have a performance how
many think about this how many
performances have we attended of these
girls or really yes at home or at actual
performance at home a lot of them and I
love it oh really cause I think it's so
stupid I mean everybody teach their own
I guess you know okay let's see this
thing where they go I thought they were
ready all right please hold oh oh we
have another performance of babies over
here it's blue eyed baby
yes it is blue eyes and blond hair the
Aryan Nation is so drunk
hey hey yeah yeah yeah that's not bad
you do have brown eyes yes you do a big
kick brown eyes are for big kids all
right
I'm having a little bite of my taco
while we watch this performance all
right what's this call what is this
Oh Oh five six seven eight because you
know I'm all about that bitch said that
bass no treble I'm all about that bass
yeah then I can't shake it shake it that
I'm supposed to do cuz I got that little
oh man all of my estate no the right
spots and all we know that it's edited
the edited version my message if it oh
the hair is coming down nobody saw that
one coming
I did not see the hair coming down
looking wicked you guys are not watching
yeah
yeah it's all about that taco that taco
Oh what did you guys do that when did
you guys uh choreograph that just today
you did yeah uh uh do a plus performance
I was excellent yeah mus add that to our
list of great performances be sure to
tune in next week Gavin where's your
performance no performances from Gavin
all right I just came up with a new
parenting technique a lot of you when
you have to discipline your children you
may put them in timeout or put them in
the corner I am combining those two
putting them in timeout in the corner
with one stipulation the rule is you
have to smile the entire time that's
five minutes in timeout if you stop
smiling the time starts over yeah like
this has to be a big smile so next time
your kids are in trouble put them in
timeout for five minutes at the only
rule is they have to smile the entire
time if they stop smiling the time
starts over came up with that hey you
want to be in smile timeout know what
yeah okay
ethic you little hair and some on her
armpit and that's why we are friends
that was great good entrance that was
good
tell me you're lying again what am I
like sticky on your arms what up tickle
little hairs and some on your armpits
that's the way we are friends hello is
that whoa whoa there's a little baby in
that luggage clothes poking their head
out of oh okay the the bags are packed
for our next trip babe ready to go to
playlist live he's like I don't know
about his dad all right let's get the
baby out of this suitcase
somebody get the baby extracting device
emoji
hey gage your turn who's next in the
suitcase ride of death get on in a
little danger I can that seems like wait
a minute I want to get back in their
home cool Casey meets more gay uncle
Casey it's so good to see ya you don't
come around here much uncle Casey go get
my hug we'll give your uncle Casey a hug
Oh get my hug give a hug young man will
you see your uncle you give him a hug
you're gonna be in trouble
okay okay hmm
ready just getting zekiel dinner ready
I need a third kid there Jeff please oh
yeah fine aha
that's what I do
amongst the Christmas tree yeah the
trees almost down almost got the tree
down yes sir we're just taking the tree
down it's really heavy it's hard to get
down by yourself you're gonna break it
what are you doing you don't want to be
Mariah
oh you cannot hide from me baby
all right girls needs a butt-kickin I'm
gonna kick that bucket over woman give
it up buddy
the kids are having go out I'm making
out with your mother what if I set it up
coming in when they get remote weirdos
what are we doing
yeah Gavin CrossFit you babe CrossFit Oh
teach you how to beat up your kid it's
time to pray and get in bed
you don't work she has a really good Van
Slyke binding the kits down make help
calm and for bedtime it's really good
regimen meows okay hey do what do you
want to do you want to get on Daddy's
shoulders
how do you ask do you cry like a baby
no going on my shoulders
hey Dad can I get on your shoulders dad
- I gotta show us sure okay come on
okay that's coconut oh okay so this is a
trick and the trick he wants to do
so much do so much tricks
hey you're not enjoying over there okay
so you brought me to bend down to get
the camera okay Freddie okay yeah can
you get it no the camera not the ball
him yourself hold it on yourself
okay or I will see you guys tomorrow
hey brother how to brush his teeth go
teach him how to brush his teeth go did
you have a bunch of see look it's not
about the food somebody needs to treat
them here big brother you teach me yes
means my your breath that's what we do
to make sure that they burst your head
smell burn do it to me yeah I want to my
mind was this valet
mint yeah once let's do this
he drew a brother Howard Barsky help me
help me big brother I'm Jesus
you guys are crazy it's so crazy
oh so he's thirsty thirsty Zeke water no
time to get free daddy no no you look
like you're going to bed go to your job
I'm sorry
bye get your jammies on love you okay
see you all right oh good I almost like
there needs to be a censorship for
four-year-olds sometimes I say some
weird things
fun's over I get oh yeah me hate figure
out rusty yeah hey thanks for coming
over on taco Wednesday night and
watching us do our little performances
we appreciate it
Pam check out that end slate all from
images from yesterday's vlog that's cool
and you know how much I love skiing so I
had to use this end slate thank you to
love the tardes at for making this end
slate you guys have an insight you can
tweet it to me sometimes I'll use them a
lot of times I won't because I don't see
them all but I see some that I like and
I use them and I appreciate you guys
making them feature radical speaking of
being radical it'd be totally rad if you
put this end slate to use and click on
the button click on one of those boxes
you can see what the shade hearts are
doing 1 2 3 4 or 5 years ago on this
very day did anybody find any
coincidences in yesterday's vlog
sometimes are just little ones and
sometimes there's huge ones it's like
what would that's crazy yo alright love
you guys we will see o - Amaro will we
yeah I think so probably
