hi I'm login here alright today should
be interesting
all the Shaytards are up here at ski
hill and only one of us knows how to do
you rookies you better not hold me back
today Daxton can't even get his freakin
hat on straight how you expect to shred
the mountain bro
Lucas you ready yeah well are you scared
we will well Amy said she doesn't want
to die in an avalanche
today we can't be told she was fierce
too funny hell Mike I see the trailer
from there I think they're taking people
stop bunny off then she looked all the
way up then she goes oh no there's no
avalanches okay I wish we had that much
snow hey buddy you ready he's all
bundled up here's Daxton snowboard can I
go down the hill with that thing let's
try it we need to put skis on that would
be perfect all right let's do this
family all right when I said all the
butler's I meant all the butler's really
really challenging I can't even spin
Carly has she started right there Oh 45
minutes later she's made it 3 feet and
12 inches and that's a total of 4 feet
this should be fun alright rocky ready
let's show Carly how this is done okay
what'd you find to be the boy hey she's
so cute he just met the most know baby
he's having a blast just playing in the
snow so I tried a few runs of skiing
guys I'm not gonna lie I did throw a fit
a few times had a few tears finally
figured it out a little bit what okay
well let me grab the baby anyways so
I've never learned to how to ski but
Shay was patient today
he actually strapped on one of those
harnesses that you used to teach little
kids how to ski and it was really
helpful even though I had to swallow my
pride a little bit I was like I can do
this I can learn how to ski with the
harness so I'm really grateful to Shay I
love you honey thanks for helping me
learn how to ski get over my fears a lot
of fears I'm working on them okay let's
see it
well.alright Flavian Minh Avia you ready
for this we're going up the tall big on
the top chairlift that's at the very
hardest part a vias felon daring she's
like that let's go to the top I'm done
with this beginner stuff how many times
did I go down with you before you knew
how to ski I think I went down a half of
run with you and she was doing it all by
herself
anyways we're gonna test her abilities
here at the top of the hill are you
nervous yes how much this is really
muddy that's the nerve yeah those are
called mobiles hey did like your helmet
so this is what we're dealing with right
here this is lift line coming down these
mobiles and there's a lack of snow will
go down the cat tracks like this guy is
right here the flat part but kind of
there's like a little road that takes
you down the mountain you don't do it on
the steep stuff but those cat tracks act
as a really good jump if you ever want
to go flying off of one you want to see
the first place I ever did a backflip on
skis right here off that rock see that
rock one day we got like three feet of
snow and we built the jump off that rock
and I landed right in those trees on my
head that's dangerous you know what's
cool is the first you're the first one
of my kids I brought up on this
chairlift and this chairlift is very
meaningful to me because I grew up that
I'm not telling Casey it's there's a bad
name for these rocks that's what we call
them it always feels weird to see my
kids go through a phase of life that I
myself remember going through so like I
remember coming up this chairlift for
the very first time as my dad he took me
in Casey up here and I remember just
bawling like hugging the side of the
mountain I fell like if I didn't hold
onto the side of the mountain I would
just like fall off of it that's how
steep I felt that it was that
encouraging we just give you a little
gander of this view there's Casey and
Bradley hey give me a wave Casey and
Bradley give me a good old wave the cuff
are you can see wave at the camera ah
your other left
job job you're doing if I'm so proud of
you my girl for such a shredder
yes you are keep it off now go right go
right right yeah I just follow that road
around all right Cole let's first time
ever skiing how did you do lifts either
tell us about your first day um well I
cried a few times she did carry told
them ha ha ha ha
but it's just one of those things I'm
I'm a fearful person of things like this
but I'm Shay's not and he's helping me a
lot
Avia how you felling she's the same as
ham she's fearless
so I'm like this
all rise our last run of the day we had
a good time to die did we ladies spit
wait I need to hold your arm mister let
me get off I see ramp I love lamp
you should put I love ramp thank you
good job babe I don't have a whole ski
bunny bumpy oh no oh no I get those
turns into
or not we've been married 12 years the
first time we've ever been skiing
together relationship gold we fulfilled
one of them together all right you guys
Shay is working and I just made them
lunch
I actually went out to lunch with my dad
and my sisters and so I forgot to get
him something usually I like to get him
something if I got to lunch but yeah
you're lucky okay so I made a mess and
--which guilty
I don't know guilty I just want to make
it that way leaving me alone without
them to eat while she goes out to lunch
with her dad or sisters and I just
they're locked in a closet editing away
it's not fair oh are you vlogging oh hey
ha ha
dude you're in your robe and this is
your office I just needed a dark place
in my office the sun's coming through
there and so like the glare we don't
have you're gonna see so I'm like I'm
gonna go in the closet and edit and I
just got on the shower - this is an up
private awkward excuse me this looks
really good wait before you go I am
naked under here back up another belly
wet back up I'm just I just put up the
new vlog the Shaytards vlog for today
guess what happened exactly one year ago
this is crazy we were just talking about
this so today's vlog that I just
uploaded is called Disney World with
stampy cat exactly one year ago on
January 20th guess what we're doing
vlogging us being in stampy cats love
garden now Greece and I've seen stampy
cat like one time since then right and
we've like I think I think I met him
once in New York after he put us in his
love garden and then it's cycling seen
him a few times but it's still good a
mini video like anime here on January
20th January 20th exactly one year ago
was the first time that we saw a stamp
you put us in his love garden on vlog
that go check it out click on the links
at the very on the end slate it's that's
weird you got to admit come on if you
weren't a believer before you got it
that's weird it's not planned it's
random as my chest out of here hey my
sandwich okay oh your sandwich weirdo
bye
okay I'm dressed now thanks to Colette
for exposing my private claws
I am showing more than that Hey yeah my
suitcase all right check out this cool
cat who's an origami master he just made
this why'd you start doing work on me
all of a sudden I don't know like people
at school they made these like these
claw fingers yeah we put them on your
fingers nail cut cause so then you start
doing origami yeah and you see that dude
and you folded that all by yourself okay
then what does it do watch this
transformation whoo snip what is that a
wheel Oh God that's sweet dude origami
Master there's a monkey on my back
hi what are you doing what are you doing
yeah currently look yeah we should dude
he's trying to get right rude rude yeah
we should do that okay what doesn't that
send what yeah we should do that because
he said look clean Oh dad wants to clean
the garage guys I think we should do it
can I send him that dad said not yes so
I am looking online at swimsuits because
we're going to playlist live and I would
like to purchase a new swimsuit but it's
hard to find swimwear that fits me right
because I'm really short at very short
torso so it's hard for me to find
swimsuits but I was looking and this
little guy comes up and he looks right
at the computer and goes oh and then he
pointed to one and it was right on her
butt so he's already turning into a guy
what do i anyways looking for swimsuits
soon as I turn the camera when he stops
who is that what'd you say this is you
think that's Kaley uh-huh that looks
like it doesn't it happy little it looks
like a bachelor so what what look II
know what sponsors have no idea what
that means I don't know what that means
either
oh it's not her no more okay now we're
all looking at swimming suit all right
black kitty white kitty alike I don't
care who you are what color you are
today is garage clean and day at the
butler's Colette can you
screwing around for two seconds and get
to work please I'm not gonna tell you
again you're not doing a darn thing and
I'm not joking around hey get out of
there dude I am going to throw this I'm
taking this trailer to the dump you do
not want to be in here there's nothing
for you in there get on out of there all
right we are cleaning the garage today
it is a disgusting dirty disgusting
River it's chocolate it's chocolate
a chocolate River I found it's the best
way if you want your chocolate just
right get to work Cinderella Cinderella
Cinderella night and day it's the end
you're broke so get to work or get out
Punk all right I'm trying to get all
this garbage up here and we are stacking
this thing it's disgusting
mark my words I will reclaim this garage
and I will build a skateboard halfpipe
right here as planned
Gavin mean you oh my god we will be
skateboarding okay do you believe me huh
an indoor snow boarding ramp that's
probably not going to happen dude you're
thinking a little too lofty there oh my
can we pause for dramatic sunset effect
boom Shakalaka show what the colors fade
into your life slowly does it dissipate
into the beautiful evening everyone at
school says I'm I got a haircut just
because I didn't put my hair in jell-o
you went dry today huh you're being lazy
this morning or what you still wanted
style anymore just like I don't care
what I feel like it you know you have to
prove yourself to nobody huh how was
school good good alright get back to
sleeping cat crap up remember that old
hit song sweeping what's the no
shoveling ya shovel inches you're
sweeping shiz yeah you're sweeping she's
the catch
hit hit song hit song alright back to
work
enough vlogging I got to go to work guys
bye hey what's a 5 is the best answer
okay do it it's time to change a bummer
Egon no no no no that's not for your
faces for you but this is butt cream
don't fight back cream on your face okay
my bar okay thank you thank you how it
happens
terrible twos I tell you okay it's
dinner time here at the Shh arts red tea
dance and we're having chicken margarita
chicken actually it is Kaylee's recipe
I'm not sure why it's called margarita
chicken but it's basically you marinate
the chicken in some Italian type of
dressing and then you put you bake it in
the oven
and you put cheese and tomato and basil
on it any kind of cheese really I'm
going to use cheddar cuz that's all I
have tonight and this little baby
is hungry don't pull on the oven Bravo
how's the garage looking the storm can
better yeah do you want to take a look
let's go take a look
Oh also and I'm making a possum baa
Samadhi rice I don't know if that's how
you say it but it's rice um I just put
some seasoning some vegetable bouillon
of salt and what else did I put in there
I don't know I don't remember
anyways it'll be good how's it going
your butt's cute I know that much yes I
have this speaking you got like a little
step it is it like I almost 10 like in
to the libman event on styled capacity
which means how much is swept and a lot
of amount of time
what is that style what is that oil what
is that Olympic event though where they
have the push things curling yeah
curling the curtain sweep don't know I
don't go there
wait did I kick again I miss it
choo-choo-choo-choo boom sweep is hustla
key as lucky is do that works that's
that was another look I liked I
overheard cast oh my goodness it guys
very efficient feeding frenzy look at
them all okay you're not invited and all
you cats are they get saved
oh my loveliness tell me I count the
ways though you gave my mega but cheap
in your life
hahaha yes that looks very delicious for
you know what are we watching all over
on the TV King one carry right note and
huh it's being her done looks like a
good fresh dinner business Gavin alright
I think I think I think I'm gonna dish
me up so cuz I is hungry
what am i weak here I'll eat it Holly
all right now we're at Grandma's house
with a kitty kitty bang this is gonna
Ching this path is gonna change you
better yeah we've been watching this
caterpillar turned into a moron I found
these caterpillars so you want to watch
caterpillars on the Internet yeah you
pinky oh and now we're gonna watch this
caterpillar turn into a burro that's
cool we're learning a lot he watched and
he said I don't want to do that for the
book I don't see now that's the cocoon
that's what how do you ready to do a big
dinner I don't know
I don't wanna did it end
yes there was a ripoff there apart too
maybe there's a part too when Internet
or else it's the grow that's cool look
at that he's getting rid of his skin
says it sits motionless for one and a
half weeks
Wow and then oh I can remember seeing I
think it looks so cool what do you think
about that Brock my eyes dude
you want to see it through the camera
watchful thoughts no action gonna change
look here he comes stab you but it's a
girl how'd it go
caterpillar turn into a butterfly that
is so my gosh look at that is so pretty
Wow oh look she's opening her wings
isn't that pretty do you like that back
now you're gonna have to be a butterfly
said that versus wings are quite small
but over the next half hour so the
fluids are pumped into the wings wow
that expanding them to their full size
oh that's amazing
oh look at that oh you're so cute and
thus the glorious age of YouTube where
you can watch a caterpillar turn into a
beautiful monarch butterfly I remember
when I learned about the caterpillar
butterfly thing there was no video you
couldn't see that it's like you had to
take their word for it and half the time
I thought they were lying what a
caterpillar turns into that beautiful
butterfly I don't think so don't lie to
me miss science teacher Oh what you got
a few pictures yeah back anybody can
make those up but now there's actual
video that's what I love about YouTube
there's so much information that is
available because of video it's the new
Google I don't Google anything anymore I
YouTube it I don't want to read about
someone a watch I want to see I want to
hear oh no experience anyways just a
little youtube plug I guess um thanks
for watching today this is the magical
end slate these end slates are getting
more and more magical if you want to
know what I was talking about when I was
freaking out in my robe in the closet
we've made videos every day kind of for
the last five years uh what we do on
this end slate is that is when you're
here if you're a new viewer I'm like hey
do you want to see exactly what we're
doing one year ago today how about two
years wouldn't it be crazy if we could
go back in time
see what I was doing on this very day
four years ago and then we can do that
all the way for five years so it always
trips me out when I go and I'm finding
the videos and they totally match or are
related in a major way to that same
video that I'm uploading that day so
yesterday when I'm like oh I was cool
hanging out with stampy cat you know
uploaded a video I go back to the one
year ago after I had already uploaded
the video and I see that was exactly to
the day the one year anniversary of our
very first interaction with stampy cat
so it's pretty crazy and there's been so
many of those you guys right you've
heard me ranting about them over the
years it's kind of cool how our lives
are connected in a way hmm cycles I
don't know anyways check out a video I'm
I have no idea what the videos are today
so I'm gonna go find them right now and
hopefully there's one that'll be related
really cool see I told you okay let you
guys don't forget to leave a thumbs up
and a nice nice comment for today's 20
minute vlog I'll see you guys tomorrow
