hi I'm login here alright today we're
flying to Orlando Florida to go to
Disney World
without my kids look at this if you got
a shaycarl backpack one thing that I
love about the shaycarl backpack because
there's a huge every time I go on a trip
you know you drive to the airport you go
to the airplane you get on the airplane
and then you're gone for a week and
you're like what did I do with my keys I
can't remember what I did with them so
there's this thing in here on the
backpack that you can like to strap them
in here so as soon as you get through
airport security there's a strap this
locks right into that just like this
click that in there and now your keys
are in your backpack so when I come back
after five days I'm like where my T's oh
yeah they're strapped in my backpack
they don't go anywhere I don't lose them
good feature all right so I'm posted up
in the Salt Lake Airport waiting for my
flight to Orlando I need some help I
need I need 601 people I need 601 of you
to subscribe almost three million I'm
sitting here refreshing the page look
two million nine hundred ninety nine
thousand three hundred ninety nine were
so close Jack Vale got his own TV show I
know him
I look at
congratulations Jack Vale proud of you
buddy gonna get that put shake our
yes--that's base is the man what's up
here I am going to fly away from these
explosions my goodness there's all sorts
of jungle gymnasts going on in here
monkey face do you want to learn to do
back handsprings and flips and stuff are
you can learn how to do it on your skis
will work up to that
I always feel lucky to be taking off on
an airplane at sunset and to get views
like this think about the hundreds and
hundreds of years of sunsets that our
ancestors have seen but very few of them
got views like this not to be able to
peek above the clouds it's always
magical to be down in an overcast day
and get on an airplane and then fly
through the canopy above everything else
where the colors are Pinker and it seems
like there's just cotton candy and I
always feel so frustrated because I
never feel like it truly captures how
awesome these views are to be thirty
thousand feet above the earth flying
with 300 other people through the sky at
six hundred miles an hour as we look at
the grandeur of it all it's amazing and
just like that we're in Orlando Florida
do you think in our lives or maybe even
the lives of our kids we will experience
teleportation I think how fast you know
300 of my fellow humans traveled from
Salt Lake City to the other side of the
continent there are people who have
lived in this world who would believe
that that's magic black magic like how
could a how could 300 people go from the
Midwest all the way to the east coast in
just a couple hours what I'm saying like
back
it's cool I believe that one day we will
experience teleportation you know why
not there was a time before that we
couldn't fly now we can fly there was
also a time that we couldn't teleport
now I think eventually we'll be able to
I know I believe in a day or the
transportation to a new location is just
a matter of thought and you'll be there
alright we're here in Orlando
check out William and grass on three
million shades ours
dude you're the first one in person to
congratulate yeah I think my little
brother Wilfred for introducing me to
the Shay time what's his name Wilburn
Wilbert you're a good brother Wilbur I
love you too poke back home right Oh
classic excuse dancing for the Pope if I
had a nickel for every time Wilbur
didn't come to the airport he was
dancing for the Pope that's cool dude
that's awesome
I love the Pope the Pope is a great guy
we'll listen that cool yeah somebody can
be so weird that I'm all sudden here in
tropical Florida you can feel the air is
like more humid the palm trees are a lot
taller here than they are in Idaho
that's a real palm tree you guys it's
not a fake one here in the airport all
right we have to head to baggage claim
hopefully I can find my suitcase and
there's supposed to be a driver to pick
me up so let's see if he's down there
all right what 20 you fine gentleman
wants to take me home it looks like you
do yeah let's go to okay all right I'm
here in my room it's a very cozy little
quaint do this it's it almost out it
reminds me it's like a riverboat but it
kind of also reminds me of Mary Poppins
for some reason I don't know why I think
it's like that dresser that dresser and
the wallpaper for some reason I feel
like this is a Mary Poppins room I don't
know why but it's a cute little bungalow
whoa boy let me show you something it
kind of trips me out a little bit look
at this this is crazy
that Mickey Mouse ears on top of the
maker Studios logo Oh crazy is that
welcome to the first ever Disney parks
all-star creator conference at
I tell you anything in life is possible
anything that's so weird to say that
that that I'm here at Disneyworld just
where it's cool it's very cool all right
are you guys ready to play a game we're
playing one of the games that we got for
Christmas Brock do it at home what game
we're playing headbands headbands do you
know how to play it
yes okay so you're gonna pick a card and
you're going to not be able to see what
your card is but everybody else can see
your card that can you better player oh
yeah I'll help you you put it on like
this oh he's so cute
not head bangs headbands weirder let's
play yes and we still have the tree out
don't judge we have a hot spot for this
part we don't know what we are you can't
get it
remember you have to guess what you have
by asking questions it might be a little
tricky we might have to help them a
little hey what am i guys you guys know
what I am and I don't know what I you
know the Hammers here oh now you can see
all right who's gonna start how do we
start oh wait we have to try their
custom mom's away here way hey this goes
on
oh dang got three two one posture okay
your right legs
no don't act it out
I can't hear what they're saying you're
not paying attention
oh my god all right there told you let
me I go I go do I have hair
no can I be warm why can I down horn oh
no no oh no no no no sure oh it's almost
time okay that's ready go
any ideas no don't tell him don't tell
him cuz we found in the circle he has to
know cuz app because in the circle we go
around the circle again and then he has
to keep guessing
until he gets it and crabs get swim yeah
you're on the other side of the water
yeah I can't swim they cold okay oh this
is a great debate guys wow we missed it
and we totally get yours in like 10
seconds accent I'm home he's kind of
hard to play game of babies we gotta
just rockton with a big shelf that
floats in the water what do you like you
have any choice don't you wanna put
crazy up something today Joe Jackson's
bathtub did you see a tour a big winner
what was that big toy I don't know it's
gonna show you gosh
no wait that's Noah's Ark oh no Jack
here you do it somebody give him a
headband already put it together and put
on it and go in it when you need to get
a cross we'll see you like this you can
go in it to catch fish yes you can go
fishing niche oh you sit inside of it
while you're fishing on the water
I don't know what
I'm gonna take you on a look at it okay
you come I got it good job and naina
mermaid no here where's that I needed
you ladies you're pretty pretty princess
all this baby he's about ready to go to
bed he doesn't like the same anymore no
none I'm a mold Oh can I swim oh yeah
make noise
no can I be in no no I hate gap here no
no daddy warm warm Cartman
yes you can be harmed oh oh
a what nope ladies period like any no no
Sammy he's infiltrating the game not not
no I am wearing no snakes trying cross
this mall perfect because he's already
guessed I gather he's already said
dolphin like three times for three
others so finally he actually picked the
card dolphin I'm so glad you got the
dolphin and dad was still trying to
figure out how to play this we're on
round seven and you still can't figure
it out okay my turn
okay am I an animal yes
okay do I have four legs yes what do I
live in the water no no no hair yes am i
bigger than a dog
hello am i what kind of dog cat no no I
stink I'm a skunk yeah alright thanks
for giving way
seriously do you want to see it yeah
okay go ahead and look guess kangaroos
aren't your thing huh okay your turn
we're losing them we're losing them
they're dropping out that's okay I think
this is the last round in this bed time
guys time we've had too many dolphins
and kangaroo is happening dudes sorry
the vlog is late let me give you an
update on my life I'm here in Orlando
Florida at the Walt Disney World magical
kingdom showing my Disney side having a
blast I'm at the very first-ever Disney
parks all-star creator conference it's
basically a bunch of youtubers hanging
out talking about YouTube we're having
some panels and stuff tomorrow that I'm
gonna be on doing a bunch of meet and
greets and I'll be here for the weekend
I didn't bring the kids because we're
gonna be back here in like two weeks for
playlist live we'll be back in Orlando
on February 3rd where we coming back to
you know Walt Disney World and hanging
out here so I don't want the kids to
miss too much school so I'm here for the
weekend for this convention conference /
awesome time / I feel bad the kids are
here anyways I told them that I'm doing
a reconnaissance mission because we're
gonna be back here in two weeks and so
I'm like getting all the goods I called
the inside details or the best places to
go so anyway sorry the vlogs up late I'm
just busy traveling that kind of stuff
we'll see you guys tomorrow good night
it's like I'm sleepy that's why I go to
bed now gay bye
