I'm doing it right now um so this is not
a good time to do one take Sunday
because it's pandemonium in the house
right that's why I figured we'd turn it
on that's why we do it this is the start
Robert we're like we're almost like four
toes I'm not question if we don't hurry
up we're going to be late so we have to
hurry and you start join the fun and how
many of you families go through this I
know all do it we're gonna be late
definitely not because we're doing the
one to Sunday oh go get him dressed I
thought we were farther along than that
you start hearing mom scream things like
are you guys ready
oh my Emmy what are you two you are
why did that's not your secret spot
anymore why not you're moving downstairs
your brother's room your brother's gonna
be disappointed Emmy has this like a
secret spot out here sorry over here can
you like show them so much stuff I
already kind of took it down Thanks yes
so this is Brock's look this is Brock's
secret fort spot and then I think Daxton
has one down here yeah let there's a
picture of Daxton this is Daxton secret
spot
so I guess Emmys moving secret spots up
down to your locale are you ready for
church good I have to put my tie on oh
yeah these boys dressed we're going to
church how was your what did we do last
night what do we do we have a good time
oh yeah what movie Gia's watch again
he's ever seen that movie with the horse
the girl that jumps off the horse into
the water doesn't does she go never mind
I don't ruin it it's a 30 year old movie
if you haven't seen it it's your own
fault does she go blind I just ruined it
for you but then she jumps again ruined
it even more for you
anyways are we we have dressed young men
hey excuse me sir are you ready for
church yeah definitely not ready for
church excuse me young man are you
getting ready for church yeah hey get
your tie on
why am I looking at my face okay what's
the camera look at the hole and they're
there look at this
now you're talking so hey guys are you
ready for church yeah I know
Olof you ready for church what'd you say
why do you keep swearing every time we
turn the camera on hey there's mr.
handsome he's ready for church
mr. Gavin Gavin have you been teaching
your younger brother swear words every
time we turn the camera on he's saying I
want to punch in the peanuts or no he
did no I thought he heard that from a
movie is that from anything I seriously
thought he heard that from somewhere
he's been saying I'm gonna punch you in
the peanuts who said that to him he
learned it from somewhere Daxton where
did you learn that
I'm an actor that's where it is school
that's where all the bad influences come
from you're not hanging out with that
back gang anymore a two-year old mafia
what that got to second big Chuck Zeke
raised the church I know for my tie on
yo here's know how to tie a tie there go
tie too tight I hate it but I hate the
top button don't want to do the top
button listen little secret when I go to
church I ain't doing up the top button
I'll put the tie on you can't even tell
it's not even done up yo I got a little
breathing room in there feels good hey
chubby neck oh right here right off the
bat I like this one let's try this one
he's like that one let's go that one all
right hey so we're going to church I
don't care what you believe you
shouldn't care what I believe we should
just be cool with each other regardless
but I think it's good for us you know to
take a day out of the week can be like
let's not work or let's not think about
all that bull crap we're always thinking
and worrying about oh that maybe I have
been teaching them and let's just what
you think about eternal things like
families what if there is a God sweet oh
and just take one day out of the seven
and be like let's sing songs about it
talk about it think about it sleep on
the couch about it watch a little bit of
football I don't know uh anyways I'm
gonna do my type so we're gonna church
this is your one take Sunday you have
any any words um I have really cool
green socks today I'm gonna do but I am
grateful for today because Shay's gonna
be in my classroom oh yeah I have to
help her teach ya help her teach de we
got it we're gonna be seriously late
we're sitting here look
that's five minutes of me could have
been tying a tie what's going on oh we
have a crying baby oh hey do you think
you could help out and get the kids
dressed around here no you're too cool
all right all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow one take Sunday see ya
