hi why are you doing black you leave
enough that you whoa you're making a
mess and stuff on the ferry he loves to
just sit here in watch all videos
officially Maura is that weird to see
yourself do you remember that do you
remember when you did that you messy
bugger and now guess who does that kind
of stuff that one ah
are you a messy mac and cheese eater I
love you hey guys
today is the day we get ready for the
next day and the next day okay I'm
trying to get the house clean today it's
always my everyday battle that's okay
it's part of life isn't that right whoa
ah you wanna you wanna drink drink
run drink yes okay
he's starting to say yes yes he's a
veritable winter wonderland up here
right now it was really really cold last
night and everything froze we woke up
this morning with probably a half inch
of ice that maybe a little of an
exaggeration a lot of ice everywhere now
it's kind of melting off like the trees
were all white just like everything just
frosted over it's like a giant deep
freeze and all the sun's out so things
are kind of melting so it just looks so
pretty up here right now the weather
with Shay Carl and Ezekiel Ezekiel wants
sports
what do you sports or whether dude huh
you don't care Oh world events okay all
right now we're gonna go to Bangladesh
with Ezekiel live from the field I'm
chasing a Python out here it's pretty
cool I'm gonna jump up and bite your
face off okay bye
what you doing he walked up to me and
handed me that coats underwear but I'm
not lying you go outside all right guys
I'm making quinoa ghen today I know I
just barely made it
but everybody ate it that day so I'm
like I want some
or I like to have left over so I can eat
it for lunch so I gotta go find some oh
I'm not leaving you I just have to go
get the corn got to take him with me and
CrossFit was hard to do so my arms my
legs are gonna fall off okay come on you
want to come with me wait till I get the
mm mom and every prize that's my heart I
can't I can't not huh all right where's
the corn
this is our little food storage I think
it's right there there's a corn ah we
donate hey yay corn he doesn't care okay
now you got to go up the stairs by
yourself you go up can you get it oh oh
you did it can't go up the stairs go
that way you go that way yeah good boy
come on let's go all right i'ma have to
carry you up the stairs - ha ha my arms
and legs are gonna fall off one cool
thing about my skid-steer turn that down
I use my skid steer to come down and get
my garbage cans the kids just got home
from school and now I'm not even gonna
have to get on my skin steer because I'm
gonna be like you guys come over here
and put these trash bags in the bucket
and I won't even have to get out it's
gonna be great
come load those trash cans up in my
bucket for me I don't want to get out no
sorry it only fits one so disappointing
come on start loading them up get to
work how is school
it was horrible hold on hold on hold on
you want to go for a ride
all right no load the garbage cans on
there yeah I'm of hi hi do you like your
after-school snack mm-hmm you got some
quinoa what else should I make for you
shrimp such a good mom and I cheese
apple chips orange juice and quinoa huh
it's not bad it's not bad I don't always
have a snack prepared for you guys but
it's fun when I do huh
yeah high five how was cross-country
skiing who's fun we were trashed my
crash very bad yeah it's only cuz you're
so brave
right ah um so the instructor warned us
that there was a pretty steep downhill
continuing a steep downhill and I was
going I liked it I thought it added some
flare so he told us there's a steep hill
and one like a pit so I was going down I
was trying to do this thing called Pizza
where this no problem or snowplow
whatever where your skis are like this
mr. Johnson well it wasn't so again in
fact I was probably going faster and one
that I was going I was going really fast
and I was way ahead of you guys freaking
out you were freaking out were you going
down the mountain I guess but I don't
want to follow you here so I just kept
going and going and going and and then I
by noise and then final ability
and then finally um someone someone who
catches up to me somehow because you
were going like a speeding bullet
yeah and then they got in front of me
when we were both going they like it and
they go and right when they felt I
tripped over Angelica super so oh that
would have been so fun to have on camera
it's better pizza
hey but mine just cut before that honey
I don't wanna die it rocks at again you
didn't say it exactly he sometimes Brock
will really enunciate his words you
notice that right you want a hot
chocolate by yourself I would get it for
you I know but I'm not going to let so
that's just a Tyrol is really I love you
chocolate hey Jared end up eating all
that gummy bear where is it Jeter all
the gummy bear the giant want the orange
one when you've been gnawing on for the
last two Shaytards videos huh
that's what's left of it
can't throw it away oh it's bouncy it's
bouncy the flubber II oh okay alright
there it is oh look at this beautiful
eye what do you stay
you know on a cold wintry day the best
thing to have hot chocolate where's the
marshmallows that go on top there are
some but nobody asked me oh whoa hey ba
nose that's a sister who knows what she
wants Brock can i play a little game
called this makes everything but uh hmm
Matt's hot chocolate there you go a
little Molly goodness on top of that
warm chocolate Gavin how is
cross-country skiing today good did you
like it or are you dead Oh on your okay
you got the footage cool it's not as fun
as downhill skiing huh yeah gravity it's
pretty cool like it that good good it's
warm and comforting and delicious warm
hot chocolate on a cold day did you see
my mug that's for me I am a mom what's
your superpower what my failure hmm so
put out up your white rock is it well
obviously he's cooling down while it's
hot chocolates cooling down he just
chilling out what here at the beach
right now oh all right are you totally
comfortable is everything we can bring
you yeah we sure do
what do you have it's like tiny all
right here's my lunch quinoa blueberries
and raisin bran and we're gonna upload
the Shaytards vlogs and buddy
you guys you guys you guys we're about
at three million subscribers we're
almost there I heard we're like 5,000
subscribers away
what Brock I have something to share
show us you still have it let me see
it's a nice let's see it it's a Marvel
yeah we know you know actually it's I
saw comments yesterday this isn't a
marble it's like a flat stone I think
it's a mystical stone that's not a
marble marbles are little balls that's a
pillow bake can you believe it almost
three million subscribers each milestone
thank you guys that's hard to those
numbers I think you're cute
right that's those numbers are hard to
fathom that's crazy
anyways eating a bowl of that and gonna
upload that to the you know what haha of
course leave it to ME lupus dad whipped
cream and chocolate chips on top of the
marshmallows and then on top of the
chocolate chips more whipped cream and
then top of the whipped cream more
chocolate chips what is this an epic
Meal sign episode all in an old one and
guess what this hot chocolate inside of
this yeah it's hard to believe it's hard
to believe but there's so much whipped
cream oh it's hot
holy crap frost again there's hot yeah
we know - it's a cup of hot chocolate us
all melted can I have a drink I bet you
ha oh okay well let me know when it
cools down I want to taste it and I'll
boy how you doing he's cute him agouti
hey Brock come here I want to tell you
something Avia come here guess what
happened exactly five years ago today
Gavin come here question has something
to do with one of your kids hey you were
there when this happened five years ago
today what nope
Brock wasn't even born five years ago
his blood
nope I'll tell you the eyes just going
and getting my just loaded up
haha right cool huh
the vlog just uploaded and I was getting
the links for the annotation and the
video from five years ago is when we
found out that you're pregnant with a
baby boy named Brock five years ago and
we went to the doctor and they told us
that it was a boy and you two were mad
and Gavin was excited yes yeah that and
you were in mommy's tummy and we went to
the doctor and the doctor told us that
you're a little boy and not a little
girl we found out and Ava and Emmy got a
little brother instead of a little
sister we named you Brock we named this
baby with a knife that's what we named
him hey Avia are you glad you got a
little brother or do you still wish you
got a sister because you love Brock now
huh I told you you would love him
eventually it just would take four or
five years not if he is your best friend
oh you're sweet I love you so you guys
should go click on the videos from one
two three four and five you can see what
we're doing for the last five years
there's some cool memories it's cool to
go back and watch reruns Shh re-runs and
sometimes they have very good
correlations it's weird how many times
that's happened how a video that I
upload today like the same title where
we were taught it's like cycles I'm
starting to like I'm convinced they're
cycles in life and we just kind of go
through them it's weird how they're
interrelated let me cool and you guys go
watch those old videos just click them
on the insulate I remember this video
because everybody was wondering what the
baby was and I remember I called it it's
a girl boy or dinosaur five years ago
2010 January 13th we found out we're
having a little baby boy named Brock
there he is that's Brock
spider-man spider-man are you sleep dude
I'm Ashley he fell asleep with this
spider-man yeah hey man dude there's a
place I'm about to happen I need your
spidey senses uh obviously he's closed
for business
hey dude super guy sleep and left the
moon
it looks really creepy though I texted
last them.he spider-man okay wanna meet
him
all right the kids are at the play place
in the mall and Eve you think she can
make it around the entire circumference
without touching the floor because it's
hot lava she is going to attempt to make
it across all the apparatus is without
touching the carpet can she do it
apparatus number one that was a good
jump all right from the bear to the Frog
who landed on the lily pad hanging line
on that trout that's gonna be a tough
one boom Oh a double up she fell lava
burned your feet off see if he all right
here she goes again from the bear to the
LeapPad to the rainbow trout to the
rocks oh she made it nice job are you
are you coming to the tree soon yet
seriously do it why did we come up here
in the first place we're exploring the
Attic the kids were curious about what
was up in the attic so I'm showing them
is this cool
Avia not cool you scared your little
brother it's okay avi turn off the light
it's alright you mean sister
alright Brock's not scared anymore he's
brave
have fun Brock yes you have a good time
scary when the sister turns all the
lights off in the Attic cold all right
our attic exploration is now concluded
let us climb the ladder and go down into
the garage it's 9:30 at night
and it's a school night you guys a
little brush your teeth no more attic
time everybody they climb up the ladder
hey whitey hey you want to come up in
the Attic
you climb to the top of the ladder
that's hilarious
that's a tall 102 hey whitey come down
come up here bro wanna come up here okay
one question yeah
oh look Roper that's like a nine-foot
ladder that cat climb that's funny one
of my favorite things about being a
parent is experiencing things for the
first time through my children's eyes
like for instance walking through an
attic I remember very specifically my
first time going in an attic me and my
brother had to climb up there because my
mom said that that some cats had had
kittens up there I think I told that
story a little while ago but it's so fun
to see like the excitement you know of
them walking up in an attic and looking
around like whoa what's this place and
that's why it's fun just to do random
things with your kids just so you can
see them experience it for the first
time like hey let's just let's go climb
around in the Attic let's go explore
you're gonna check it out anyways thanks
for watching guys click on like we're
saying if you want to watch what we were
doing the
last five years you can see what we're
doing five-four-three-two-one I guess
that's as simple as it can get and then
yesterday's ball click on that mystery
black if you haven't subscribed you guys
it's that big fat red one right there at
the top we are so close to having three
million subscribers it's free just give
you a little update let you know when we
upload our next video which is pretty
much every day so just keep coming back
now y'all yeah yeah yeah all right love
you guys see you tomorrow
