you took out my book all right I'm
getting a workout on this morning
brought paired a personal trainer to
none other than a world-renowned body
fitness professional Steve cook what are
these training sessions costing you
Brock he's gotta be expensive what are
you doing oh you know know why more sets
the workout today huh did you have a
good workout yeah got home from CrossFit
would you like CrossFit today hey Brock
tell them what you just told me about
your shirt that's daddy on your shirt
huh do you know that guy yeah what's his
name what's that guy's name show che
beard che beard the Viking and it got
you school well or school you like
school lungo learned some knowledge yeah
your friends at school okay let's go
play with your friends at school good
five yeah there may be some of you who
just started watching our videos who
didn't know that I have my own cartoon
yeah hey I did my own car - yeah check
it out I'll put a link below you know no
big deal Brock said I forgot to vlog his
marble i hate when i forget to vlog his
marble let's see it where'd you find it
in the dirt he's so proud of this thing
he found it yesterday said it's a
treasure and he has been carrying around
with him everywhere he goes so he has a
little blue marble okay don't lose it
don't let your little brother get it k
he'll swallow it
yeah and then it'll come out in his poop
and then my mom changed his diaper it'll
be in his diaper and then you'll have to
go get it if you want it yeah but when
he swallows it it'll go in his tummy and
then he'll poop it out in his diaper
yeah that's what happens I'm serious
he'll blame me going to an experiment
never mind
did your mama get you hey your mama got
you you see my mommy gives you hey boy
your mommy get you did you see God you
bought your mama coochie boy he's in
stripes today man was a tangled rail
spinning spinning in jail that's what
you do when you're in a cell or a hot
mummy
dude he's doing parkour for babies
that's baby parkour papa wheelie did
Lucas Magoo fost no javis what is
happening here I am very impressed last
time I saw this bathroom it was yeah
yeah yeah hideous as they say in the
language of gross Ness it looks good you
scrub all the countertops huh
thank you I won't drink on thirsty daddy
all right come on it's time to take the
kids to CrossFit Avia and Gavin have
CrossFit and and dachshund house is
across now a couple of fitness freaks
right here you guys ready do some
CrossFit come on ready to get it get
your water bottle got your motivation
got your good attitude got your optimism
huh
got your desire for a healthy body you
got all that let's do it I like your
shoes August up debut back up just de
baby wake up he's just a baby wake up
knocking even let yourself smell oh you
want so be sure not to put the marble in
your mouth that's good advice rock think
you're such a good brother
Royce is doing a little public service
announcement for his little bro and PSA
for the toddler no no marbles in your
mouth be aggressive
get in there be aggressive be be
aggressive be are you gonna go and do it
all right there they go to CrossFit it's
a model and you're the only one that has
a marble ain't no party like a marble
party cuz a marble party don't stop
alright we're at my mom and dad's house
we're watching the national football
college championship it's the Oregon
Ducks and the Ohio State Buckeyes and I
don't know why
Oregon decides to wear an all-white
uniform when they're so well-known for
crazy outlandish green here mom I'll
make a prediction make a prediction
before the the game starts you ever seen
Katniss Everdeen huh you ever seen huh
Catching Fire and when she comes out and
her little thing catches on fire that's
what the Oregon Ducks are gonna do
they're gonna catch on fire and their
uniforms are gonna turn green right
before the game they have this one
opportunity they're on a national stage
to market themselves i calling it right
now they're gonna change their everybody
thinks they're only in white before the
game starts they're gonna like pulse
it's like their numbers off and they're
gonna be bright yellow like there's got
to be something I'm calling it right now
all white jerseys come on how pathetic
where's the green you're the docks
come on okay this little man
with their friends like no I'm out of
here
it's crazy I'm the stairs again guys are
crazy anyways we're just two grandmas
and I'm chasing this lil guy up the
stairs over and over again
look he's ignoring me she's gonna get me
out her pee oh this is the age where
they get little harder and harder every
day cuz he's just more mobile he can
climb and run and almost jump huh you
always do jumper I really hate to have
them for doctors I think you might die
in this situation or are you crazy I
gotta chase him back up the stairs ah
you very didn't you
he's a baby bag of bones all right
watching the national college football
championship with her babysittin kiss on
the ear Ohio just scored again question
for you how big of a deal are sports to
you do you have a team how I got what
level do you not care about sports at
all
you don't even care or are you like yeah
watch like the Super Bowl I'll watch the
NCAA Championship or whatever the sweet
16 or are you to the level where you
like have physical pain inside when your
team loses you know you're just like oh
you just feel like this anger inside I
think at that point we've taken sports a
little too far I saw I was looking
through the trending things about the
game last night and there was an image
of a guy at the ESPN desk ESPN that
showed like 50 screens this guy was like
looking at all the screens this game
that us humans have invented was held in
a 1 billion dollar stadium and there
were a hundred thousand people all
screaming at these kids to get a round
leather you know ball over a certain
line if you break it down it just seems
weird a little bit like if we took the
people who invented football think about
the guy so you know what I don't know
how long a 5,000 years ago some dudes
were like we're bored what should we do
okay let's let's make it this game it'll
be fun we'll get Aunt Martha to sew a
ball and then you guys get on this side
and we'll get on this side and we're
gonna try to run and you you guys just
like wrap your arms around us and tackle
us on the ground and if you tack list
then we have to start over and we'll all
get up and brush ourselves off and we'll
and just like imagine those dudes you
know the first guys who stood around the
football field and came up with the
rules if we could bring them to last
night's game and show
them that spectacle they would probably
think oh geez no I mean okay this is
cool too ya know we just wanted to pass
the time but all right I see what you've
done here this is crazy anyway it's just
a little food for thought about how
serious we take certain things that are
so silly and maybe it's not sports maybe
it's a thing that you love a fandom you
know maybe it's a band or just something
that if you break it down if you stop
you think wait a minute why am I getting
so worked up about this this is not
important this is a made-up silly little
thing anyways I love you guys thanks for
watching our videos yeah that's right
I'm ranting and bout stupid stuff in the
end slate cuz I didn't have a lot of
footage you can say it I don't care I'll
freakin I'll stand up to my I'll confess
that I'd have a lot of footage so I'm
trying to talk about some of the in
Slate so the videos at least 10 minutes
long now you're looking at how long this
video is yeah I'll can I admit that okay
but yesterday was 24 minute vlog and it
was a good one solid fun footage go
watch it again check it out click on the
yesterday video mystery video have you
seen all the podcasts we got lots of
podcast one two three four five you know
I do a click love you okay
well see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
