all right we got to start off today with
CrossFit I look about how I feel
probably ugly and tired that's how I
feel
let's probably how I look too I'm so
tired and that sun is shining right in
my eyeballs deeper sans G my eyeballs
and all my sunglasses I can't find them
I'm going to CrossFit
I've done it for like a day like twice
and so we've been home and I'm so sore
but I can't give up here we go it's a
magical frosty sunny morning it's really
cool outside right now going a little
too fast to CrossFit I got pulled over
you know he reminds me of he reminds me
so much of baby Darden she was little
here's my other baby and his baby this
is my this is my longer than you he's
like a body pillow that's why I get
Great Danes because instead of body
pillows I just get great things there
are a lot more work than body pillows no
just say guys there's so much more
comfortable net my body pillow Hey look
I'm going to grab your head
picking laws don't tired after cross oh
my gosh I can't move my arms oh sorry
guys I can't move my arms they're broken
butter died I've picked up this little
baby boy now we're gonna go pick up the
others after yeah we gotta fight jealous
you guys can make some more gummies it's
time to cut your hair don't you think
yeah or should I just shave it off I
know how to do that I don't know how to
make it look good though maybe mom
shouldn't do it let's call Kaylee I
think you're right working it working it
sweatin mom these are what killed my
skin Oh
nice going keep going are you doing the
same right oh I think you guys are doing
the same workout we did similar they
were doing
all right you get over there what is he
doing
he loves it here let's see your trick
whoa that would meet mommy hey I'm
watching
why does that make me think is watching
you do that are you dizzy now your
killer at box jump Thanks that can hurt
your chin yeah have you done that yet I
did it and I did it on camera and I'm
glad that like didn't put it in the
thing but you guys remember when shades
yellow thing well I really really killed
my shits that night on the box joke so
you can go back and watch that video and
believe me and bleeding alright can you
tell them what we're getting now we're
getting jello to make gummy bears
someone's yesterday we're very well
let's just say they weren't very good
what flavors should we get these the one
is my favorite red we need it all colors
okay I'm sure she'll want pink who peach
I like okay should are you excited to
have gummy bears that don't taste like
crap yes no wait what he's like I don't
want gummy bears it tastes like crap I
couldn't find Brock so I yelled his name
and he said mom right here look where he
is do you see him anywhere
your brother all right you ruffian let's
go it's not nap time yet you're just
like your father
okay come on let's go if you knock
something over you're buying it
seriously I don't know who's good save
they're not mine
colors of jell-o take a chance we got
like almost every color we got colors of
jell-o let me go home we gotta go right
make it well we got a dinner first start
making it but we got to eat dinner
before you eat them okay okay let's go
let's go let's go
hey voters are not part of the recipe
okay we finally got some jello so we're
making orange we're starting with orange
she has done all this by yourself
I didn't even hurt her at all it's okay
no stress it's just gelatin the ones are
the hardest it's hard to get them in
that little space you're doing such a
great job and her apron
we got from sheath in my apron can we do
shoes with my aprons no Thank You Kimmie
I love that yesterday where'd you get to
junior
jello better better unacceptable their
words I hey watch your language they
were not good I'm trying dad up for diet
that right now would you lie is it okay
for other players see your weight no I
don't think accent wants people to see
his way okay lysee wait a minute
nom nom nom okay we're making a big
giant orange gummy wait where we gonna
put it in the break it did you make a
spell already good plan
well good that is a note though if you
have to put something in the fridge when
you're making you make room first before
you go fish hey babe I'm glad we got
white cabinets what is going on here
it's gonna sting what is that listen I'm
gonna put a halt to this gummy bear
making system they taste like crap
anyways plus they're messing up my new
kitchen leave it to the experts I said
and yesterday's vlog he's making my butt
oh thank you my tummy oh joy anyways
they're making more and more these ones
are a little bit better they use jello
so they're not I mean we're closer to
the texture that's needed but still it's
no Haribo heart what's your favorite
gummy bear
it's our favorite gummy bear out there
that you have Haribo Haribo party
banished excuse me
can I slap you in the face of this let
me slap you in the face a little Cooper
please one time I just wanna hear the
sound of it I just wanna hear the sound
of it come here hold still
oh silk wool look still get rock can I
slap you in the face with this
okay ready hopes already one move your
head on this hold your face up ready
ready
no let me slap you in the face with it
stop what she's eating a joint from me
mom we just did a podcast talking about
the diet bet that I'm doing with my mom
and my dad so check out the podcast give
me that freaking gummy bear put in the
you're not eating that whole thing
tonight find a clip walk bag yep it's
that time of year again
gummy war season when the giant gummy
wars come out to battle I don't know how
or why is Santa Claus thought it would
be a good idea to bring a gummy anything
maker to our house I for some reason
feel like gummy bears are gonna be made
every night for the next six months
unless that Oh got a text unless unless
unless that gummy bear maker comes up
missing in the next few days
who ink week if you know what I'm saying
ha ha do not tell the kids I told you
that I do not think they listen to the N
slate I think they click away when the
end slate comes because they know it's
just dad talking so they don't want to
listen to this if you guys tell them
that I stole that gummy bear maker Oh
big trouble
I'll find you I know where you live
thanks for watching the Shaytards blog
please check out yesterday's vlog if
you're feeling lucky and you just want
to just click something like crazy click
on that and if you wanna see we're doing
5 4 3 2 1 you know what to do you've
been here you guys know this love you
see you tomorrow give me kiss
