hi I'm login here hey guys
so anniversaries over it was amazing and
fun and I'm so glad I got to spend that
time with Shay it's always good to
reconnect have some time to yourself
even though I feel a little bit guilty
leaving the kids it's always like ah we
needed that anyways now we're going to
do something not quite as exciting but
equally as important I guess it's time
guys for my mammogram
sorry that's TMI but I'm getting a
mammogram they say that you should get
start getting mammograms at least 10
years prior to your relatives diagnosis
so since my mom was diagnosed to age 34
with breast cancer I needed to start
mammograms at age 24 I didn't but I
started at age 26 and I've been trying
to get them every two years since then
so far so good but it's good to keep
getting checked because the best defense
against breast cancer is early detection
that's what I'm doing and Shay's here to
support me I love him he just pulled up
he's so cute thanks for being here baby
like I just came from moral support
right before I came I wouldn't picked up
three cases of moral support and I
brought him with me so if you need any
moral support you just ask me it all
just out okay I need lots of little
support I don't I don't mind them oh
I've been I've been through a few
mammograms how does it work what are
they do they just basically squish you
this squishes squeezy squeeze my squish
solution that way that's kind of what I
do
Cheers well it's not it's a little
different
does it hurt yeah it does a little bit
yeah and see it feeling you think they'd
have like a better technology where they
can just sleep if you have somebody in
your family that's been diagnosed you
should start getting check ten years
before they're diagnosed okay it's over
she forgot to take her camera in sorry
how was it well it was it was good a lot
of pictures lot of squishing so you
don't know get to wait for the results
yeah you have to wait for the results
it's usually fine like I don't really
have to worry much about anything at
this age but we just check let me say do
it for a baseline yeah if you start
changing them they can keep good to know
yeah I want your movies to be safe I
want you to be with me for a long time
we're gonna live together till we're 80
years old yeah it's not
most comfortable thing 90 how old how
long should we live 90 hundred um I
don't think we can choose oh we can no
but if we just ate vegetables we can
live like an extra 100 years that our
yep go get some broccoli okay let's go
see what amount of prepping is going on
with the good-looking oh my oh hey they
own another bird they hunt don't think
that the two younger Butler kids got the
good-looking genes down we didn't we
didn't have with me enhancing my thank
you okay see I leave this cuz some nail
go be Harley and Logan er from the
selfie generation mm-hmm
they like to take pictures of themselves
I look they let those pictures look good
because they're beautiful people true oh
I have to borrow your wife's makeup cuz
I am NOT ready for this podcast with no
blue chip yeah you guys miss Jana a
sweet little would you tell you
disconnected you real quick
poor thing I had this sweet little
neared going on and it's a neckbeard
it's cool I can grow a lot of facial
hair right here where I don't want and I
had to shave it off cuz I wasn't working
out have you ever show people your
tattoo
lovely got in trouble for them right
from your mommy I got in trouble I got
trouble from love I had never shown my
attention you know you guys will never
see my tattoo it's pretty well I I don't
have a tattoo you had to start rumors I
do not have a tattoo what are you two
doing I just got my boxing thing right
what did you get that you like hey Sam
do you think I should ever show the
vlogs my tattoo what you haven't seen
the tattoo that huh
you don't have a tattoo I've seen every
inch of your body oh yeah come on meat I
made the quinoa oh this is so good it's
very flavorful I walked in I'm like yeah
what am i you know so great quinoa today
to see how many people have made this
because of you I have over like the last
two years I've received thousands of you
guys tweeting me pictures of - muah it's
funny cuz I should make more things so
you guys can tweet us more of things but
I've only done this for you guys
we need you to do more we keep saying
that it's so good because I like quinoa
Candace made it really got something on
Thanksgiving was awesome oh yeah stuff
at quinoa being a squash mmm yeah that
was good
oh look at that little baby boy good
idea podcast no way
you ready start a podcast don't be shy
don't put a tricks and shirt on all
right here we go babe we're about stir
podcast he is ready don't fall off the
table
uncle Logan you better watch that baby
you can do a little ask oh don't push
him all right so we're doing a podcast
right now talking about a new project
come here bub chicky down so loud all
right how was Delita
fun maybe do the splits today oh yeah so
me and my friend were racing and when we
were racing I'm just going really really
really fast and I got like whack my fast
and I sort of leaned on one foot and I
fell but I didn't fall felt fall all the
way I went and like the splits and I was
like still riding by ten touch the
ground oh did you just like jump back
I'm gonna I meant to them you know I
just like went and why wait and I stay
back off it just kept growing and then
my friend is laughing and stuff
whoo-hoo how did you guys do did you
have fun
I'll tell two times i leave l2 type
that's my kind of skating I only fell 11
times this time avi Cooper I can't see
you my love's you got fun today
now you can yeah I have the best friend
just frickin time and I got to use I
can't see him Oh zombie zombie get a
finger oh those are cool zombie thing
guys I'm glad you had fun
glad you only felt two times alright all
is right in the world my children are
home I love you guys love you hello
cutie you know the only thing I think
that would be good about homeschooling
is that I would get my kids more but um
the only problem would be is I couldn't
teach them sufficiently so they would
all be pretty stupid sorry guys
not bad no he said if I decided to
home-school you you might not be as
smart as you could be now we are making
a gummy bears with Emmys new gummy candy
maker that she got for Christmas
what got me where he'll be were moon
we've got a fish mold
we like a bear mold to bet for Thank You
Josh Kim and honey Anna I don't think
you and antis and yeah night which we're
not going to use we got a giant a giant
one I yeah we're gonna try the recipe
that is I was room has honey to make it
taste good
so looks like orange juice
yes all right let's try it all right
how's it going
Oh making some fish okay so we lose we
use our healthy recipe we're just using
juice and honey to make this one in
gelatin I only bought unflavored gelatin
so we don't have like a sweetened
gelatin so we're just sweetening it
naturally you don't know how they're
gonna taste so we might we might have to
buy some more ingredients and try the
other kind as well I don't know this is
new these ones are healthy they've got
their orange juice with honey in it
they're a little bit weird I'm not gonna
lie it's just fun to make what's doing
it's okay
Adam I don't learn how to cook it's
gonna be my birthday tomorrow
it is how do you think it's your
birthday tomorrow
oh it's okay hey hey cam is that your
birthday tomorrow silly bone your
birthday's on June 10 yeah that's not
for a while it's January
I'm gonna go in kindergarten we're gonna
go in kindergarten yeah I love you okay
we're making another batch this time
we're using sugar instead of honey I
think it'll be a little bit better and
we're gonna have to go buy some jello to
make now we just have orange juice and
this little baby would be fun yeah yeah
I know cuz you love me you say I love
you I love you
Gabe all you say Bob where's the ball
we're simple they say Avia yeah yeah
yeah you say Brock yeah he knows where
he is
uh-huh yeah we're working on it
these you can say a peon that's a hard
one yeah yeah yeah Oh Lucky One it's
magic
go go oh wait that was mommy awesome
what your name is so here's the first
batch with the honey and orange juice I
need an out rangampet and you try it
this is her Christmas present hey do you
like it no oh yeah the honey in the
orange juice isn't is good yeah I'll try
it doesn't have texture it tastes like a
water yeah it's not very flavorful nyan
cat Tigger I know it's just a yeah let's
put a little bit more sugar in it I
think right okay I'll put it in
okay okay we're really trying to make
this a good concoction we push sugar
orange juice and gelatin
we're dead I said we're gonna go five
Jellico and it said jello toluene jello
is so cute I love my kids so much okay
this one hopefully is gonna taste better
right we put a little bit of pure
vanilla in it it tastes a little bit
like a creamsicle but it's a little
weird at first are your eyes - yeah it's
good but it's like oh that for taste is
good but your finger it is not that hot
try it
ha okay so good yeah I know
hopefully it's gonna get better we just
gotta wait for this to dissolve okay
here's the health gummy bear taste test
with Shay everybody welcome to the
Delaware taste chance with Shay Carl
today when we test locals everywhere
how're you liking your bears are bad I
help you up it feels weird
it is who arid of that is not a gummy
bear that's like a bouncy ball it's a
gel houses so what is this made out of
ball it's made out of gelatin and orange
juice and honey it's Knox huh that's not
a gummy bear at all you know if that's
like a cold spaghetti noodle the other
one oh the fish she's one no those are
all the same flavor these are a little
bit different but we don't have regular
I don't like the texture what's with the
texture why is it like that you oh I'm
sorry I thought they were all done oh
that's why they're still sitting there
that's why I gave you one of these ones
you know what leave the gummy bears in
the gummy bear excellent hey we're
getting some different recipe items okay
it's like marshmallows it kind of has
the texture of like a rubbery
marshmallow almost it's not that
satisfying
chewy gummy texture that you love your
what you're going for that gummy bear
gummy worm chewiness it's not there and
that's what I'm craving the texture is
sorry bro we don't have your texture
look at this baby he does he thinks
thumbs down - has he tried to mean yes
you spit it out immediate you like it
either nope yeah you shake it and listen
to it this tiny human being has stolen
my heart
hey I love you tiny human being I love
you did you miss your daddy I love this
blond hair Oh like I'm get me I'm in the
vortex when I found you guys why honey
why do you set me up for failure
smell that come on you know what that
smells like
just take a big old delicious licorice e
whiff
oh this is my favorite a giant warm
chewy bucket of licorice ah so good uh
smaller hey if you want a piece of
licorice you got to climb up here and
get one kay can you climb my bear climb
your dad's leg climb Mount Everest yeah
like a mountain like because I'm so
strong my muscles are so big it's it's
like strong like a mountain so yes the
climb I must I only had three pieces of
licorice I swear I think or might be
cross hey thanks for watching today we
appreciate you being here and being part
of the family
ah click on that yesterday's vlog leave
feeling like your button also the diet
that starts January 15 so if I don't
have a couple pieces of licorice at
night it's fine I still got six days
let's say 7 8 9 10 11 12 34 know what
math eight eight days I can do math
eight days you guys a diabetic arts
we're doing a podcast tonight with my
mom and dad because they're being a part
of it and Carly and Kaylee are also
a diet best we're gonna do a podcast
tonight with all of those guys so be
looking for that but right now there is
a brand new podcast up with all of my
siblings Casey Logan Carly
my brother-in-law Brett and our new
homie day home so check it out we're
talking about a new venture that we're
embarking on as a family and we want you
guys to be part of it so click on that
feeling lucky button it's the little
square with Colette and that cute little
green dragon click on that or click on
the mystery button below and check out
the new podcast all right we love you if
you want to see what we're doing every
single day for the last five years click
on one of the kids I made our app peace
out see you tomorrow
