hey remember this thing over this thing
yeah my guys know it's fun that you just
said that that was that's very true it's
like oh hey guys
yeah it's weird we haven't had the
camera out in two year two years it's
felt like forever I missed you man it's
been like six years
hi I'm logging here it's two days spent
two days since we've had them on camera
ow
it's I missed it I think I missed it I
don't know
hi good to see you all right we're going
to would you realize that strip
it's been fun living without you though
for days
don't be offended I love you I just want
it's hard to make out with my wife when
you guys are always around all right
weird we're going to dinner we're gonna
go to Park City we're in Salt Lake right
now we're going to go to Park City
there's a really nice hotel there called
the Waldorf Astoria Waldorf I don't know
it's called it's really nice
anyways there's a restaurant there that
I made reservations ooh I don't know if
I can wear a hat in there actually it's
like that kind of restaurant I have a
collar on you definitely your shoes -
nice going to the Waldorf historical Lea
you guys with you yeah I should but I
don't have any so oh I do have yeah I
forgot it you have the I don't want to
though I'm dressing up to go to a freak
to listen my money is just as good as
anybody's money that has nice shoes on
okay I will give you money for my food
why do I have to wear certain shoes
that's just ridiculous
let's just go to Jenny's ami on okay I'm
gonna take these dang tight pants off if
we're just gonna go to Denny's
I think you should leave those big pants
tight to the jintan forever I don't
think should ever take those dang pants
I came and talked okay let's go
I want to do a stunt oh you know okay
points or going out to do some shopping
and then going to go out to dinner for
our anniversary but first I'm gonna try
to get out for this train by swinging on
this bar watch without hurting anyone
yeah
might have to wait am i getting off
first Jack get off first are they the
last one to get off
Oh
doors gonna close you better hurry like
you did it
hi see how cool was that I don't know
all right how is a pretty sweet D
trainee huh but look look at this
there's rainbow trout in this pond
that's rare
you don't see rainbow trout in very many
ponds I'll give you a big kiss if you
jump in there like Gollum and bite one
with your mouth and come out of the
water with it and start shaking it
around my grass yes there's like 12
inches in there rainbow trout Salt Lake
City Utah has rainbow trout in there
fountain at the mall that is cool all
right I'll just spend a lot of money on
chocolate how much money do I got it I
got a caramel apples and white shadow
pepperoni and a rice krispies treat that
is drizzled in hudge and caramel it is
delicious
give me a chocolate made from a
chocolate place it's fun that's not the
right spot another emergency where's his
emergency we're excited about so we're
in Salt Lake we're gonna go out to
dinner here we're still shopping collect
I guess I bought a bunch chocolate now
we're going to do that book and see if
they have sparrow in the bird for sale
I'm gonna buy another one if they have
it in here I am going to not buy another
one
I know but I just like buying my wife
sleep oh yeah Lester's oh they're
handles right there that's damnable but
napkin
yeah they put your napkin on your CV go
pain you come back it's all folded
nicely yeah let's keep going to the
bathroom and throwing our nap because
our salmon see how my times don't fold
it sounds like work but check it out we
had scammer
either get it this is a spicy ham thing
and pumpkin that's good yes gang good
that's kind of crazy I've never tried
stuff like this it's like pomegranate is
like always butter it's it's very fancy
very they're very different kind of
taste right we're so lucky today very
blessed happy Anniversary happy Nana
mersa me wait what
okay here we are at the fancy dinner
it's a steak mashed potatoes grilled
vegetables some sort of cheese melted on
top fancy style alright you got a crazy
- I think it's pretty chicken there's
anything I liked about you at your
pretty chicken hey girl I like your
pretty chicken now see you're pretty
chicken sorry sorry
happy anniversary I'm gonna bite you
tricky chicken hey you want to see a
fireplace that Santa definitely can fit
down that's that jolly old elf could
definitely fit down that chimney that's
Santa's chimney Santa can come down
there
just that dinner it was so good
delicious was a good for you
here we are son we just came to the big
city eat all your food and stay in your
hotels to be in your towns
happy anniversary tips did you have a
good time fun we did not relax
it was we we did a lot almost the time
we were spot on it
we didn't vlog hardly any because we
seriously just stayed in our hotel room
we went to the spa we'd come back order
room service watch a movie we went out a
couple times we stayed at the Grand
America Hotel in Salt Lake is very grand
yeah I'm ready to rock and roll rock and
roll or go back to bed yeah mm-hmm so
we're gonna run to Deseret book real
quick and then we're headed home to be
with our kids we were both surprised how
much we missed our kids nothing right
not surprised but us like we just got in
the truck there to go home like I'm
excited to see our kids I missed them
I like I want to go home and be a good
dad has no money well just like you know
being away from them you just kind of
have like a little bit more time to be
like oh yeah I'm a father I keep you
know in your daily life you get bogged
down because it's just like the daily
you know monotony of life and then when
you kind of step out of it for a little
bit you have time to appreciate what you
have and where you're going and kind of
just take a deep breath get some
perspective and start fresh and I'm
ready to do that right do you like our
life I feel like our relationship grew
stronger this weekend do we have any
breakthrough moments where we're like
our relationship is that much closer now
I think that we had many breakthrough
moments we did which one was your
favorite uh calamari
haha damn good calamari that's true all
right we are back home we got some snow
a couple inches I'm excited to see my
kids I'm excited to be home hi blondie
Kim your blondie did you miss that
did you miss nice here's your good girl
you go girl
where
hey what's going on I missed you what's
up big man miss you guys
hi oh hi Lucas sorry 7 6 foot sorry hi
nanny Carly hey buddy hey buddy we'll go
for a run
come on all right Zeke and I we're going
for a snow run in the mountains it's uh
so pretty out here right now
hey guys just got home and I want to
haven't seen Zeke for a little while so
we're gonna spend some quality time when
I'm up here in the mountains see we pass
oh cool plus I'm feeling a little chubby
from all the fancy dinners me and mom
eat hard hat if we got this diet best
starting with my mom and my dad which
I'm very excited about you guys want to
feel better in the new year join us
anyways that this hill behind my house
I'm like I'm just gonna go around to the
top of it I don't care I'm not making
excuses I got my snow boots on okay my
pants I'm just going for a run in the
snow it's kind of deep right Zeke Zeke
loves it you want to run the dry dietbet
because it's gonna be fun my mom and my
dad I'm excited it's kind of basically
just an excuse to hang out my mom and my
dad so there's a link below you want to
join us
it's starting soon all right let's go
Zee top of the mountain boy there's one
way to clear your lungs cold mountain
air
oh this feels good my lungs are burning
my heart's pumping I feel alive oh oh
I stepped out
hey let's go yeah you're in your book no
it's ambe's but no but you're reading it
you can read on this book do you think
she Minds if you borrow it did you ask
her yeah all right good boy
setting up the podcast setting up the
podcast key grip dad Boyko hmm is three
gotta go guys be like ss question
alright with their powers combined can
they lift this weight ready one two
three
come on - you really you're slacking on
your end
you're strong dude goodbye my three sons
Dax you are slacking bro pull your
weight or you're off the team
Hey did you have your protein shake he
did he did lifting weights oh we got a
crawler he is Cruz in his little bruised
and Baku's can up the stairs you'll see
his mommy hi mommy look at me I'm I'm
ascending the mountain I'm on top of
Mount Everest and you get a ball
congratulations thank you're proud of
your accomplishment please accept this
certificate in our behalf Jesus kisses
kiss mommy come on give mommy kisses
what you want daddy cuz you love him
what's up girlfriend school how is
school going back to school did you miss
us love you brush your teeth good
six minutes to bedtime no you are in
trouble look at this closet it is a
disaster
shoe look at all these off and hanging
half waves ops our hangers get this
closet cleaned up right now or you're
gonna be grounded for a week
they better be in bed it's like there's
a triple stack bunk bed that's supposed
to be like that that's like a trend Oh
better slides out okay cool it she's the
prettiest of all the American Girl dolls
look at my nose oh it's her mommy's neck
well my mom is calling morning morning
mood' this the what are they doing here
in the living room the chat and fossa
come their hair so like I just talked to
Sarah the other day and I was like no
seriously and she was like oh no they
say that's what they talk about is this
the breakfast table down here they had
breakfast oh the kitchen did you move
the kitchen Avia Noemi moved it around
when we were cleaning down here and
she's like I'll organize the dollhouse
train and make excuses so she wouldn't
help clean sass emic Frazee so we move
the kitchen
I guess into here what you should be in
there oh there's a campsite well then
this is gonna be the living room but
they made this is the living room and
this is also to them I guess that's the
good thing about being able to play
dolls and use your imagination this has
bars that we can use to do that yeah but
aren't the couches in the way of the
dance studio seems that way it's nice
and this is the campsite
that's a tent is that a fire in there
it's so out anyways get to bed
school night now where this is yeah the
job actually is dead Oh
it's gauges work why cuz you can jump
over the thing what can you do let's see
this
good I think you're a little crazy I'm
not crazy I'm having fun
hey sorry let's see this epic jump
better be epic just go come on let's see
it Oh last time I want nosedive jump
over it without touching it I bet you
could do it last time I did Superman and
as you're here in a lake came all wait
here is it whoa
good you know what happened okay get to
bed sister I did so that I survived okay
love you tonight
hey Bujji hey big G hey yo big dude good
night bro love you see any more big G
all I broke good night no big G what's
up what's up with a big G K get it get
it happy Anniversary darling 12 years
ago I became the luckiest I mean I was
so excited I why I could I was so
excited to marry you on that day this
picture is yeah I love you oh this is
awkward all these people are listening
so thanks for watching the Shaytards
vlogs we appreciate you guys being a
part of our life check out yesterday's
whoa check out on the missed read button
boppo three two one there needs to be an
end slate song that describes what the
end slate is and why this little like
image is is up here and what these
numbers are like a little diddy a little
song that can just explain this right
whoa - OH
two three four things four well do the
shoot don't vogue if you wanna see more
click on your screen with your mouse to
click it with your finger just pick on
the screen it watch video with us UK
there's funny joke that is 18 double
chins yeah I don't know we'll work on it
alright thanks for watching I'll see you
guys tomorrow
