happy Anniversary happy anniversary
it's our anniversary 12 years to her me
12 long happy anniversary and all but I
cannot believe we made it this seriously
you i honest what the heck should say is
I cannot believe you've put up with me
for 12 years you guys you know
all right everybody what is up we are
headed to the honeymoon destination
which is once again undisclosed because
there's no clothes clothes where we're
going we don't need clothes so we were
just sitting here having to talk as you
guys know we're just gonna upload this
one take and then we are not gonna be
back till Tuesday we're gonna be on a
little vacay and here doesn't ask you
should we tweet Instagram pictures can
we can we do that just listen I what I
was gonna say for my anniversary present
to you is I am gonna give you my phone
Collette is holding my phone right now
we're recording from my phone after I
upload this video my anniversary present
to you is I'm gonna give you that phone
and in
I don't necessarily need you to do that
I enjoy a little social media time but I
don't really want you to be editing
right doing 914 then I can't talk to you
but you're on their phone like it's
stealing
I mean a dinner but we are gonna film
some of our anniversary so we will have
an anniversary of video for you guys
when we come back we're just sitting
here talking about kind of like
re-evaluating our lives the anniversary
for us is good because it's right at the
beginning of the year we got married
January 3rd 2003 we wanted to get
married at January 2nd 2003 because then
our anniversary would be 1 2 3
but it's 1 3 3 yeah anyway so it's a
good time of the year to have an
anniversary because not only do we kind
of like reassess our lives because it's
the beginning of a new year but we also
kind of do that with our relationship
and we talk about you guys we talk about
our YouTube videos and we're just
talking about what our purpose is who
actually might be covering the
microphone
I don't think so
so I said to collect I said to her what
is our purpose where are we what are we
supposed to keep doing you know I think
about something like Michael Jackson but
if you hold it like on the truck like
that it'll fire Colette's arms tired you
guys it's hard for Michael Jackson how
he's forgettable I was saying to cool
that Oh are we gonna leave her you know
like how do you leave your mark on this
world how do you leave a legacy what is
the legacy that we're leaving
the glaad said that it's not about that
tell them what you just told me what I
was saying it's not really about what
you leave after you die but it's about
what you're doing while you're here and
who you're effecting why you're here
we're all just trying to be happy right
and so I said well I mean what are we
doing what is our purpose are we
fulfilling our purpose are we motivating
people to live happy lives with strong
families I mean what are what are we
doing
let's reevaluate that is it worth it or
which we continue on this path we you
know like what should we do with our
lives we only have such a short time and
as I have gotten older and more people
close to me or more people that I know
have died I I realize I'm gonna die and
we only really do have a very short
limited amount of time to do certain
things to say certain things and what
will those things be we decide that that
is up to us and you know it's a good
time to reevaluate that with the
beginning of the year and I don't know I
just I hope that you have felt inspired
if you have been a part of
we hope to do that we need to that's our
goal be with you right now and not worry
about the future but work on helping
each other find happiness right now
because it's not about money it's not
about getting a good job I think what
we're all searching for is how do I feel
good I don't have peace how do I have
you know strength and happiness is
genuine joy not temporary stuff but how
do we get that and how do we work
together as a species as humans to
figure that out and to share you know
tips and tricks and advice on on how
we've found to be happy and you know I
think that's really what's the most
important thing and we we a lot of times
to try to find that happiness in other
places with you know materialistic stuff
you better be happy I think there's a
cop oh my watch just get pulled over I
was going to 82 miles I think it's eight
here right oh we're getting busted happy
anniversary okay so we are not gonna be
just to recap we're not gonna be on
YouTube we will be posting Instagram
pictures so follow us on Twitter and
Instagram and we'll be posting some
pictures of our honeymoon
give them some last words I feel
inspired by all of you leave positivity
out there on the Internet there's a lot
of negativity and sometimes we let that
get to us but I am inspired by all of
you that always leave positivity and I'm
grateful for it it's been a great year
2014 was a great year and here's to a
brand new 2015 there's a lot of stuff
that we're working on in fact if you
haven't seen KC or Logan's videos on
their channel there's a big project that
we are working on with them so go check
that out and what are you guys working
on what is your big goals for you also
an announcement the podcast is coming
back we will be doing a podcast January
6th which we are gonna stream live for
parks now so if you guys have any
questions about the tricks and try fi
vote we're gonna be answering all of
those questions on January 6th on the
podcast
okay so tune in then and it's gonna be
an exciting year we're really looking
forward to it but now we are going to
celebrate our relationship isn't that
what an anniversary is yes it's like hey
we've been trying to be one person for
12 years I say that too cool that
sometimes I feel like we're one person
for example today when I like put all of
our luggage in here I didn't think of
this as Colette's bags and my bags I
just thought of that as our bags that's
like your luggage is Milo
all of these are cool I told it's like
two things for Shay my deodorant in my
toothbrush and Colette has her bag of
stuff I said honey we don't need to pack
everything because we will be wearing
robes and slippers most of the time do
that or you need a pedicure what are we
gonna talk about
let's here's what we should do we should
try to get on a whole new level like we
should we should open up you know we
should open up and tell each other
things that we've you know like just
express our ideas like maybe we could
have a day where just like any little
random thing that we think we have to
say it okay and then it's just like wait
what why did you think that let's talk
about that and then through that
communication will grow stronger
together our souls what I mean I said
out loud shirts round look you wake up
it it's not it's a horrible example
happy anniversary
love you guys we will see you on the
seventh yes we'll be back no Tuesday the
fit Tuesdays we're on vacation
leave us alone love you see on Instagram
