Jenna Kizzy well it's New Years Eve and
it's the day we're taking the tree down
or at least the ornaments off of it what
are you doing I'm not doing it no
there's another hole take a lot more
than a Christmas tree ornament to get a
hole in your ear how you doing making
the ornaments down loud stepping on them
that's organized glasses stupid sits
under the tree well because there's some
that I didn't want you to unwrap yet
look here's so silly
how'd esperar you to pierce your ears
there love I wouldn't hurt really bad so
don't do it
put the foot back the big ones first
rock oh yeah you might need to borrow
them is that your earring oh yeah bigger
than your head that's so fashionable oh
do you guys get sad when you take the
tree down I kind of do but what you know
it's time I'm in a harsh start time from
beginning suppose see that was so easy
how do you get that so easy really long
arms I'm super tall okay let's see if I
can get it start well get the tall ones
there's the small ones that you can get
easy let Emma get it really oh it's
really tangled just quickly tree
we tried wiggling Gauri walking it
blocked it gotta block it you don't want
you ought to get clipped in the Hills
with that thing get a cart to kill ease
tension oh I just saved your like my
granule about 18 years please
Oh 18 rolls to the back really violently
they like to beat up bath tissue it's
kind of a weird thing okay stop
oh my good little boy you just laugh
stop so I can't take them anywhere but
he just laughed I'm the one guy's guy
okay seriously I'm not joking you guys
Hey I'm seriously serious stop
all right box head has joined us oh
great haircut dude I really like that
haircut
I think Morgan Spurlock likes that
haircut too
haha anybody get one Baeza hey it is the
last day of 2014 can you believe it one
year has gone by since we started this
year anyway not stuff a lot of things
happened this year a lot of things
happen this year was a big year for us
huh
move home to Idaho make her studio sold
what else happened this year Colette I
ran the New York City Marathon Tough
Mudder we went to the that was cool I
remember we went to the oh yeah the
nativity scene ooh
I would say the 2000 year 14 years
probably one of the biggest years for us
ever once you agree egg lady she's the
greatest egg lady around please about my
egg what Gavin oh what's happened in
2015 bro we bringing it all down
Hey oh you need help sorry we're just
talking about the future this is my life
what he's got one hand for these bodies
so I'll just do it
move move
problems to get this no okay looks like
a good purchase today 48 pounds of
yogurt don't you only want it
very impressive Avia that is quite tall
load get out of your box head boxman
boxman huh Smosh references there's so
many references you're not taking the
Bach home alright you like that coat
turn around let's see it turn around
give me a spinner spin yeah do that be
good ski in code you want to wear that
for skiing I like that code yeah that's
cool hello son
I just got up here from the tractor okay
okay guys are changing a light bulb
so gave me drove the tractor over here
God touches on there and is changing a
light bulb on New Year's Eve okay all
right it's New Years Eve and the crab
brothers are back hey guys missed you
back now we're back got the lemon got
the knife got the Dirty Sanchez on his
lip going out to stash him the goatee
what do y'all think
look pretty good hi Bruce don't let him
near your kids I know I showed you this
a thousand times on the blogs but it
still makes me laugh every time it's
just a thirsty puppy getting a drink
water he a good boy what kind of ring
around the Rosie crap we got going on
here
flood and bridges falling down falling
down falling down how many monkeys
jumping on the bed my fair lady mama
called the doctor and the doctor said no
more monkeys jumping on the bed
did you hear that monkey your digging
about monkey all right the best part of
New Year's Eve is happening right now
this is homemade peppermint ice cream as
made popular by my grandpa Eugene best
breasts in peace oh can I say I'm one
watch Logan Scofield's you guys guys
he's gonna watch this to watch this
don't watch this don't watch don't watch
do not do one anyways we're about to
have ice cream and it's so so good
this is officially my favorite ice cream
in the entire world
homemade peppermint it's
good that's okay now it's time to do a
fun little kid thing where they all come
out we show you something cute nobody
cares here we go look happy new year
2000 happy 2015
happy new year - every day
uptown funk you up say uptown funk you
up uptown funk you up uptown funk you up
uptown funk you up set up your funky
Happy New Year everybody from a bunch of
bratty kids with silly glasses on happy
yes you made that table really slippery
when you refinish to whatever you want
with me what you do you can't dance like
I can and I tell you about all right so
we're getting close to midnight about an
hour away
I'm tired go to bed hey as New Year's
over yet go go sleep oh yeah what are
you guys doing in here you know chatting
and Oona sounds like a totally cool time
all right here we go
2015 is going to be a great year mark my
words
and nine eight seven six five four three
two one
happy new year
happy new year Jenny Kizzy Happy New
Year I miss I kiss everybody Riley get
over her get your kid happy new I guess
everybody thank y'all
Jackson's asleep Happy New Year
what at mm you guys come on let's go in
the entryway and have a heart-to-heart
but for realsies I think 2014 may be one
of the biggest years of my life that's
that's very true it's gonna be hard to
top 2014 but hey I believe you know I
believe you know I'm the eternal
optimist I know good things are coming I
know the 2015 is gonna be a great year
no matter what because I got air in my
lungs so that's all that matters
all right guys get in bed going on here
you guys are awesome oh jeez
nice moves nice moves
yeah brought dodgy come here let's do
you to look at me talk to you I got so
much attitude girl
Kaleigh make those Kaylee made those I'm
gonna hit it hard
pop it hit it let me do it can I try it
try it
you ready I broke you are you happy new
year today is January 1st 2015 the very
first day of the rest of your life
also if you purchased a Shaytards
calendar last year and then you also
purchase this retailers calendar this
year then you have two calendars this
month huh how's that for value that's a
real value right there right everybody
I've been seeing people tweeting me with
both of their calendars hanging up
because we always have an extra year the
calendars anyways love you guys thanks
for watching
so Colette and I are going on our
anniversary tomorrow we will probably
make a video tomorrow saying goodbye to
you guys for a few days but then we will
be offline until like Tuesday of next
week I'll tell you you want me to tell
you right now I'm gonna get my phone off
we can tell you guys want to schedule
this to want to pencil this end we're
leaving tomorrow
tomorrow's Friday we'll make a little
one take video say goodbye to you guys
and then we'll be back Tuesday to 6 so
the Shaytards will be back on Tuesday
January 6th we will miss you but you
will survive I promise right accent yes
he's copying in my face all right love
you guys please click on this is my year
watch the music video that is my anthem
for all of 2015 the song pumps me up the
music video gets me motivated I'm ready
to make this the best year ever you
should too
bye I mean that was kind of a rude
ending what am I saying is see you
tomorrow
