all right we start today out in a pet
store we just got done doing Crossfit
then we went and got a Jamba Juice and
now these girls they have it in their
head they came in yesterday and I said
dad how much will you sell us blonde
before blondie is that yellow lab just
somehow showed up in our house who we
have no idea who belongs to I said I'm
not gonna you can just have her it's
yours fine just keep anyway so now all
right and they've been saving up their
money ladies want to explain to me
what's happening here she donates 17 and
I donated 20 so we are like so you own
the smallest percentage of the
corporation okay all right so maybe how
much did you donate okay so a B is the
majority owner of this business oh that
doesn't seem fair though if she donated
more shouldn't she get more percentage I
was trying to talk to her into that but
then we thought it was not fair so we
just stick with it but why it that
doesn't seem fair though if you but if
you donated more if you put me in more
money you should get more percentage of
the business that's not very smart kid
business doesn't sound fair to me you
guys need a lawyer we need to get a
lawyer over here kid business there's a
lot of you know just giving there's a
lot of charity mercy a lot of mercy when
you do kid business I like kid business
fifty percent 45 percent and 5 percent
you haven't okay that's the percentages
I think that's good all right Avia owns
half the dog you own 45 percent of the
dog and Emmy owns five Emmy owns the
lefts law you're the trainer okay if you
train it really good then you can maybe
earn up to another five extra percent of
the dog you can have two paws that you
own that sound good
me I'm the one you come on give me props
I've been doing a good job feeding the
animals this is kid kid lawyer over here
alright so we're getting stuff for
blondie
that's the name - is that what we're
naming her blondie isn't that original
she's blonde her name and her blondie
and we get her a tag and a collar and
she's officially gonna be part of the
family
we're looking for all the essentials I
actually really like this because they
have a set amount of money and now
they're gonna have to budget so now
they're gonna have to shop which i think
is a great thing to teach kids they
can't get things they don't have enough
money so it looks they're shopping right
now okay and they all have to sit there
and work as a team and talk about the
price and see if they can afford it so
they're surprised by how expensive it is
they're getting a small bag alright if
you're here's why I like working out
because I feel like a champion no matter
what I do the rest today if I just lay
on my butt the rest of the day I feel
like a champion
I'll tell you what you work out first
thing in the morning ya know amazing
crew story you've heard me say it before
and it is tough to get off your butt and
get out and work out cuz it's easy not
to it's just you want to lay in bed you
want to watch TV you want to watch six
more Shaytards logs but you can't you
gotta get up you gotta just okay after
six more blogs watch six more Shaytards
logs then go work out nice things are
expensive hung guys how much money do
you guys have thirty seven dollars so
you got a budget
cuz it's too expensive I have some rope
you guys can use that'll stretch out
yeah she kind of has a fat neck which I
don't know how because she's a homeless
dog she I think she goes out and kills
deer and coyotes in the mountains while
we're not watching and she's not
pregnant
she's just
that she's a fat dog we feed her we feed
her but not like a ton is it hard
shopping for things when you only have a
certain amount of money guys topling you
gotta make choices when you don't have
mom and dad's debit card to help you out
20 so we have seven zero dollars
don't forget about tax yes we added five
more dollars to tax well that's okay
government wants their three sons that
were you put that in your budget yeah
okay now we need to actually be having
an agreement on a collar a clip if
you're gonna get our dog that you don't
give you one a few if we go to that
machine over there they'll make you one
okay what are you doing bro-heem you're
hanging out I like your sweater
that's the Josh Sundquist sweater you
guys he has a new book out here let me
see your sweater was my buddy
he has a new book out go check it out
can you fit it in your budget
yes my budgets a little big oh my bet it
is you're so rich alright now we got to
find a tag to an scribe blondies name on
but these tags are expensive fourteen
bucks gets quite some cheaper ones have
eight dollars how much money do you guys
have left you got to make sure you don't
have you don't spend too much
around that so how much do they have 37
to make to incite engrave the tag all
right time to check out and they've
saved up to buy these essentials for her
well I am impressed given the fact that
you guys did that now do you all have a
paper card no they can use mine they can
use yours
consider what you're gonna do about dog
training for this baby you're the
trainer
without to save up their money 3177 you
did it we kept it under with us yeah
they have to add a 37 dollar budget and
they put their money in together very
cool
Gavin's their council yeah but you can
be their lawyer okay but he's using his
rates are really cheap he won't charge
very much all right we have all the food
purchase now we have to get the name tag
and grand scribe dirt engraved or
whatever so these guys are doing that
right now on the machine they'll just
punch you right out one two three okay
go ahead and insert your watch wait
don't mess it up okay gonna insert the
disc and then it's gonna engrave I chose
to continue
please wait while identifying your tag
team effort hum Lucas yes that does Jim
great both sides of this time the pet
name and on the other side is the
cellphone yes but I don't think we want
to put our phone because if she gets
lost we don't really want her to come
back do I just check it I'm just
checking I didn't know okay put our cell
phone name on there let's do that let's
do that is that the font you guys want
no you guys want to go with a papyrus
font Times New Roman what do you think
alright guys pick a font which one that
one music that one yeah I wouldn't pick
that one but hey it's cool it's your dog
alright you ready here that engraved
button okay
he's putting on his goggles I safety
first ladies and gentlemen always
technology Wandy one DS about to become
a real dog waiting they're promoting
false advertising here yeah it's gonna
look the same bro
that cool technology we have today they
cut it into the metal this is cool to me
because it has a diamond tip to cut the
tag which is the same thing we used to
have to have to cut the granite diamonds
that's the best way to cut things with
something that's harder than the actual
material and there's very few things
that are harder than diamonds that's why
you see diamonds on the blades of a lot
of cutting things so then cut through
stuff diamond tip and gravy
alright I'm impressed you guys did it
you came in under budget so what you
guys gonna do with that extra money in
the company alright get it alright let's
go and put it on her it's time for
caller application
she's about to become a real dog
Blondie's gonna become a real puppy
let's go welcome her to the family so
we've asked our neighbors we've asked
people at our church we've asked around
we have no idea where this dog came from
so we figured whatever she can be part
of the Shaytards
here lucky dog your lucky dog blondi sit
you gotta put the collar on you
well good luck with that ladies there's
captain talk I got good news you guys
today is garage cleaning day
you guys haven't you need some help
we're gonna clean this garage today
spotless it's been disgusting seven cats
living in here this garage needs a major
cleaning alright welcome to the family
you got a caller now congratulations she
is dude I'm scared of her what's up I
said have you blogged any she's like not
yet and I asked Gavin I said that she
still advice he's like watch it we in
garage cleanin mode yes
what is this your ranch hat yes yes on
the pier howdy howdy all right so this
all trash or you're doing di this is
trash yeah I broke a lot of stuff oh I
broke it when I tripped on it in your
elf suit Christmas Eve I had an arm full
of boxes I'm walking and I trip on this
baby thing because I couldn't see I
literally could not see my face I had
this big thing of boxes I'm just walking
and I trip and I fall right in the
middle of it the boxes go everywhere
this giant crash and I walk out there
expecting to see I don't know what and
he was like intertwined with the bub
side down and the boxer ladies laughing
he's just like and then I heard I think
I broke a blood vessel with my finger
anyways alright so we're cleaning up the
garage we got gloves on oh wow that
looks really good that a girl I wanna
see
Gavin's jamming to tunes we're throwing
away just Bunch
that looks good okay let's get up there
we need to back you it there let's keep
all that stuff up gonna get this thing
cleaned up not
mother nature nah you're gonna say
mother was not cool mother
Tommy tarde once again you're talking oh
yeah what we're dealing with her
negative 7 degrees Fahrenheit yeah it's
brisk it is a brisk evening you could
get hypothermia careful be sure to wear
your that's the one thing about Idaho in
January and February it's just miserable
because Christmas is over it's lame and
it's negatives here's a status update
for you we're going to the movies it's a
hard-knock life for us it's a hard word
Annie Annie we're going to see Annie oh
look there's canvas and talk tea hey
what are you guys doing hey I'm gonna
rob you give me all your money
give me that purse oh look I figured
these guys will be at the candy counter
getting every piece of candy they have
taught - you ready to see this movie
yeah when I saw the trailer for this I
got a little teary eyed this one dream
can change a world I think it's true and
this guy believes that - one ice-t can
change the entire world all right you
guys know how we sing the song all the
time sing it for me now let's go to the
movies let's go see the star we're going
to the movies guys we're going to the
movies we're excited cops and robbers no
it's not 3d it's not even in the movie
what bull malarkey we're going home
let's go everybody go that's my favorite
part of Annie let's go see the stars
cops and robbers I got nachos January
1st doesn't tell two days from now
hey Tati did you like that movie that
girl look just like you
huh you gonna grow your fro out you can
look like Annie what I can t I don't
know you guys like it it was good at one
point I looked over at Gavin because
there was a lot of music for like a lot
of songs just break out yeah there's
this song that comes like bust out Gavin
goes and the girl was like total
facepalm he's like too many songs but I
would say the music and this Annie is
better the movie and the other original
Annie is way better I thought there were
scenes in this movie or I'm like the
acting it just seems like they showed up
or like Oh figured out a we go to shoot
there was something like the cleaning
montage I'm like they could've done way
better at that yeah I did not like the
cleaning montages nagas they could have
done way better anyways we just saw
Annie it was good so J like that movie
dude I looked over I saw you facepalm
yourself I looked over and guy was like
but listen I will say this about Annie
there were some scenes that were perfect
like if you've seen it the scene when
they're in the place it's like a
cinnamon roll and she's singing in her
red dress on the stage it's at that big
benefit that scene was perfect that song
I gotta go download that song I was like
you're watching the movie you're like I
want to download this right now and then
like Jamie Foxx's reaction to her
singing that was a great scene so like
it's worth seeing I thought I thought it
was a good movie but there was some
parts of like this is so cheesy anyway
so I don't wanna like hate on the movie
cuz I hate when people do that but it's
definitely worth going to love you guys
thanks for watching check out
yesterday's vlog you wanna see some
mysteries January 1st today
oh it's today well the end slate today
it's January 31st Happy New Year's you
guys we are starting a diet bet with my
mom and dad it's gonna be a six month
long diet bad I'm gonna make a video
with my mom and dad tonight talking
about it if you guys want to join that's
cool
don't care but I am excited to work with
my mom and dad on this that's one of the
main reasons I moved back to Idaho and
I'm excited for it so if you guys want
to join us there's a link below for the
dietbet and we're gonna we're gonna kick
it we're gonna kick kick kick butt in
2015 because this is gonna be my year
yeah singing for me now up down don't
slow down you got it download the song
as that phone pick the mystery video go
watch the music video we're three chubby
white guys try to rap ya know I thought
the song was amazing
but yeah we're just I saw the comments
like Oh white rapper anyways you know
that Jam is stuck in your head and we
ain't gonna let the haters get us down
cuz we are here to motivate people in
2015 see you see what I'm sayin now
we're gonna get people motivated gonna
pumped up gonna change their lives right
now I wear out thanks guys check out
yesterday's daddy that part already one
two three four you know how the end
slate works you do right yeah yeah you
do so click on some buttons with you
click that
