oh I love you you've got a bloody nose
yes look at that coat that's her
Christmas present turn around cute snow
bunny
oh why don't you like your Daxi pants
he's in that you know filling snotty
blue eyed kind of filling morning woke
up I just thought you know today I want
to be blue eyed and snotty-nosed that's
what I feel like doing today hey look at
me blue eyes sneak candy canes all day
with his big sister and hang out drive
around do you love him looks like you
look mom yeah hey why do you got to get
paid every time you do something I'm
trying to save up for a new dog you're
not getting the dog you need more than
money to get a new dog sister you can
have her she's free
we don't money to pay for all our stuff
treats her we ask whenever a budget has
already been established if you wanted
that dog then we had to buy our own
suffer okay like this so you guys are
trying to raise money to feed blondie
okay listen I'll give you one cup of dog
food per foot massage we're really high
high whoa
easy cheesy oh you're right is that a
laugh but gonna turn into a cry we can
she landed right on her butt what about
this that's fine
you okay why they have a warning yeah
what let's hear this sales pitch
Aylin & exton we get paid two to three
dollars but we don't get to go to Petco
today they never give me room we all
meet just all three dollars we don't
have to each get three dollars just
always one three yards how are you gonna
buy a pesto for three dollars no we can
have it the taxes okay
you have some hustlers and bus lers on
your hands they're raising money to
trade it
girls if I have time to take you I will
but I have to shoot today with my
brothers and sister okay
but if I have time tonight later I'll
take you to Petco Hey you can just have
some of Zeke's I got a ton of it why cuz
you think I'll be better for her she she
needs to lay off the town's not a brand
deal I think I'll probably take that
part out okay it's here finally you
Jackson oh it's not mine even a cracker
named Ian oh yeah not there either so I
ordered a sofa set for the American
girls office and I do not receive in
time for Christmas so there's one thing
missing but now it's Rick oh great now
we have the indestructible packages hold
on
we might have to wait 50 oh let me get
in the box yeah oh you untie that's all
you want is the ball oh here it is
there's one sofa chair and has cushions
open all the Christian I love the red in
the black I just need to learn how to
make these I know there's probably many
of you out there that know how to make
stuff like this look at these three
dudes coming down the road yeah a
sleepover slumber party Jeff on yeah
like your pajama pants
those worm let me see those you bet
those are cool pajama pants
what a cool night playing video games
and nerf wars cold you gotta look out
so you hi
haven't seen you for a thousand years we
played GG image & their forest policy
slumber party it was good times
I need a tissue Oh me I've got like one
in the morning and his nose was dripping
with blood
Oh No is he home yeah he's still getting
the shoes are upstairs I think waiting
with him we have couches so we're doing
awesome if you wanted to know I love it
okay ready okay hi I wonder where Brock
is I miss him so much
I wonder where Brock is I miss him so
much
I love you you got a bloody nose
yesterday you are you okay now good good
Jackson was concerned about you know oh
no don't give him another blade no no
we're headed into that phase guys it's
really challenging but you know what
that's part of what every child goes
through they cause the terrible twos
sometimes it starts early sometimes it
starts later well we're starting yep
just a little just a little bit of it
just a little taste
lucky bear take a look at this beauty
just look at it would you just look at
those colors I don't think I can show
that we can't we can't see what's going
on here I'm just gonna turn my hat
around like this we have a very special
project we're working on okay you know
any of this
just let him see it and see if we're you
put your video up I want to
this is my vlog now it's gonna go oh
don't up this love oh do that was
there you miss bad
Carly Carly on Carly come on Carly
good boy good yeah Carly guys stop dude
oh this is his favorite food lately he
like oranges we like to stick your
finger in I'm so funny watching him sit
here and explore his food like poke
satays crushes it figures it out a
little bit then he puts it in his mouth
he's like Oh Berta good braylee play us
lovely interlude leave your tribe oh boy
and he is setting up her little Legos
this is so cute look it's got a little
lamp or that a rug gasps Matt rug what
is this is this supposed to be stairs to
something else this is supposed to be
like the bunk bed like oh it's like a
trundle
I love this thing features diesels
look she painted a dog she wrote down
one day you hit on the head with that no
Hiddink well before him
no I gotta look at it no see you heard
why do you do it
oh oh no no now we got an open he's like
a high Oh No control your learning how
to get candy I had to do them though I'm
proud of him he took it upon himself to
get that candy in our hope is like I'll
figure this out over my brittle right
now oh I'll bring it over your head bust
her no yeah yes come taste a hate what
humming like 60 well he keeps finding
them on the floor if we could clean them
up off the floor on the tree and you
guys keep taking him off the tree and
then all right
well Santa purposely tried to hang him
high I could tell
hey there's one candy give another
ground get it oh look somebody that well
today what's what he's doing
Jackson grab Brock's train and then ran
to hide behind me it was hilarious and
he has a mouth full of oranges guys tell
how funny it was so funny as always you
could have been there
seriously as hilarious hey do you guys
know that me and mom are going on a
vacation and you're going on a date yes
and then we're gonna open some presents
hey are we getting anything for our
anniversary
hey I told them in the n play yesterday
when I'm getting you for your
anniversary wait 72 hours no computers
excited
yeah yeah children hahaha see that's out
that's all crazy that is that me being
off the internet for three days is a
huge deal we can do it huh baby huh
maybe one good friend flip walks with
his butt out and his chest out and his
hands up like this like that that's how
y'all ride the corner Neath this candy
and nobody's gonna stop me I'll share
with you big brother who can have half a
half he had like candy cane and boogers
all over space and my dad liked it yes
many he write to a tissue and not stuck
to his face he has like a white beard
let's see that white beard turn around
it's hard to see but we can be kids I
have plastic on me - no yeah then it
won't get sticky
this one doesn't taste as good a good
one hey white beard this is something
that we have to take care of it's going
to be up in a shelf when you want to
play a thing you have to ask and you
then you have to put it away nicely and
put it back like drunk or otherwise
because we're going to get lost it's
gonna be no fun but this leg of a rock
really want to cover let him unwrap it
this will be a late Christmas present oh
really this is for the family correct
nice go over bro hungry yeah play right
now Monday family night how Laurie you
never played Hungry Hungry Hippos okay
you get the yellow bar you can do one or
you or you don't crap you get to win and
you don't know if you lose good
sportsmanship
that's only life Brock encourages good
sportsmanship okay so you play this at
school that sounds like they've had to
have that talk at school before if you
don't win you don't cry okay you wanna
play it okay cool let's play Hungry
Hungry Hippos
then afterwards me you're playing Pete
but you're going down Oh missed it no
we're playing yeah so playing Fifa oh
we're playing Fifa okay get it out I
want to play wanna pray Oh
hungry hungry babe O's yeah all right
here we go with the Hungry Hungry Hippos
we have Gavin a via a me and Brock
standing each other he's already won
because his past is all right I'm gonna
say launch launcher balls and run this
page I'm using a service yellow yellow
so we're gonna try to see how sort of
explained yeah so you have to get the
most balls in your hippo and then
whoever gets the yellow ball it just
ends the game then whoever at the end
with the most room couch
okay bigger either how many balls work
either poughkeepsie who gets the gold
should weigh so much I'm not sleeping
with me I think you just yeah whoever
eats the most wins okay all right ready
No one two three but one for lunch ready
set go
that's instilling the ball up we have
another hippo on the court one more ball
Avia got 11 how made you get and we got
six brought how means you get to Gavin
how much you get
Gavin got zero that thanks coming here
Avia got 11 she dominated the hippos
you're the hungriest of all the hippos I
think we might throw the hungry hungry
hippo games in the trash and tailed
axons out of the wanting to put
everything he sees in his mouth face I
was like oh that could be a choking
hazard anyways thanks for watching we
love you guys we love hanging out what
you undo ends on that and you guys let's
see and watch our faces
haha thanks for watching check out
yesterday's vlog I like this end slate
have you guys heard the new song this is
gonna be my year
that's Amy she did a little solo in the
song it was really good hey you know
what you guys click on a link but first
I'm gonna play a little snippet just
wanna hear a little snippet here it is
let's let's roll that get on up thank
you motivation get unstuck I think it's
time to change station
how much can I rest when his life is
just a breath I can erase regret if I
just put in my best I'm gonna turn it
into my chest it's not a warrior
this bird is leaving the less flying
away to run your story like I'm
wonderful visions of beauty time but you
got us down the first ride
I'm coming in last I'm one of the
fastest my topeka je here I am you
cannot break you here this is gonna be
my year
