watch the first Hunger Games dad yeah
okay yeah what's that mammy huh are you
guys gonna go out there huh in the
winter storm without a wall of snow you
gotta jump a wall of snow before you can
go outside okay
yeah you do that's a wall of snow Mami's
like I'm coming back inside I don't want
any part of that yeah it is a winter
wonder storm out here hey doggies look
at that that's up to my shins I've got a
lot of plowing today to do guys I have a
feeling I'm gonna be spending my day
behind the wheel of a tractor all day it
is crazy deep out there I feel like we
got like another eight inches on top of
the foot or whatever that we got a lot
of it's drifting snow but still I mean
like look at that that's crazy kid you
want to stay inside today kay it's too
cold hey guys I know it's weird without
the beard I don't like it I don't like
it it feels weird I do have a little bit
of a dog not too much we're in mission
snow removal mode but first we need to
get some decent we need some basil gotta
get some base for the tractor so I need
to go find a big container like I want
to find like a big barrel something I
can pump it into but I'm just gonna go
to cow ranch see if it's if it's open
get some diesel and go up and drive that
tractor and push snow around kay let's
go got do some chores Cal ranch stores
it's one of my favorite places to go
that was weird
I saw some dude that I knew from high
school I was vlogging usually when I'm
gonna like Los Angeles Airport I don't
care but to see some guy that I knew in
high school the saw me vlogging that
felt a little weird even though I've
been doing this for eight years anyways
okay that's what was whiny DC's what we
need need a big old look five gallon
Deas all right the store is cool because
it has like everything you can imagine
like heavy-duty equipment tools and
gloves and boots like just random stuff
like a trailer hitch you name it they
got it
you know the tin man's hat from The
Wizard of Oz they have everything here
everything dude look at these things
they say they're otter Pro sleds it's
like if you go ice fishing you can put
like your propane and your cook stove
and all your shovels and all that stuff
you know to like drag it out there on
the ice but how many kids do you think
could fit in that I bet you I could get
at least five children look they're
smaller ones they don't get one of the
smaller ones these aren't as big but
dude that looks like a freaking awesome
sled to me that's what that looks like a
heavy-duty sled or you could fit dude
this is huge check this out yeah that's
an awesome sled and if one giant plastic
sled isn't cool and twos even better
dude these things are big those are
giant sleds I can't wait to show these
are the kids I want to race Casey let me
get up there behind our house with that
giant hey I'm gonna race Casey one of
these bad boys oh no we can pull them
behind the four-wheeler look they come
with the rope but looking for like four
kids in there and pull up behind a
four-wheeler and it won't tip over
because it's real oh I'm excited before
and after what do you think do you like
it does it look like I'm going bald yes
maybe a little bit that's why I'm gonna
wear this hat oh she kinda little too
short little short guys guys come on
don't think I'm ugly is it almost sure
it's a little short
all better who are you doing I'm a deep
man already made that joke but that's
funny made right all right Tom Phillip
the tractor ready feel abstractor little
guy I still have the tractor Rockland
back you're good that voice mine it's
fun well you've been using it all day so
I'm not ready to get used to it this
thing these beard hat things finally
came in handy
I miss my beard but this like ah you
don't know how many times I've gone to
like scratch my beard or do like this
and it's not there I'm like it's like I
trip my hand trips
oh oh ow ow ow anyways all right so the
thing is I don't know how much don't you
use this diesel hold how much it stank
hold so I assumed I could put five
gallons in it
oh don't know what that is heart neomi
wow he's a thirst attractor here you go
mater here's your juice my turn so you
can run strong
all right fire
we're headed to Casco and look at this
this crowd coming in here we got here
right when it opened there's already a
line of people tis the season I decided
to have something on your face
hold on that's better I think Kenny get
down
that's not your home get down for real I
have lots of kitties we actually have
nine cats not seven let me help you okay
so these are my helpers got on my toes
good I'm glad so Shea's out working in
the snow fields and stuff yawns ah I am
trying to get this house clean after
Christmas it is Rosie oh my god
Oh every holiday it's like oh I love it
oh I hate it here oh you have kept
staying behind this is they don't know
anything they commune right there right
where's like food is there yeah it is in
warm honey it's a blustery blustery
however that goes know that wasn't very
clear trying I think leaning all to days
today is a Qui Nhon
I love you yeah me too it's naturebox
day everybody event
look at my these hmm that's it here
listen we're supposed to save the nature
box when we get the nature box and we're
supposed to do the brand deal for the
nature box we're supposed to save it
and it's time to make the video we're
supposed to open it be like Oh
check out these delicious sour cream and
onions that have already been eaten
halfway what I thought there was a thing
of pineapples in here
Gallo are gone they're probably a
Villa's room anyways listen to this
think about this this is the very last
brand deal of 2014 and I want to talk to
you about that I want to talk about
brand deals and the next year and the
Shaytards we might not be doing very
many brand deals this next year you guys
in fact I don't have any brand deals
scheduled for the year 2015
yet I might do some naturebox ones but
I'm putting my foot down
I'm starting to say I don't want to do
as many brand deals it's not weird to
tell you guys but you could expect a lot
less brand deals in 2015
anyways I love naturebox we use it as a
family that's the best brand deal there
is amazing
mony that we use every day it usually
sits in our pantry the kids rummage
through it look at those boy hey guys
one blueberry Greek yo look there's two
brand new ones I want to try cranberry
putt Peter crisps these are like Wheat
Thins on steroids holy that is good it's
kind of like the texture of elite then
matt has a lot more to it there's like
whole seeds in there cranberries are in
there that some you can eat on a cold
snowy day and feel substantial then
check out these blueberry Greek yogurt
pretzels mm-hmm I don't blame you I
don't blame you if you want to get your
fingers in there I don't blame you one
single bit can you get it I reach under
just reach in there and grab one Aldi
happens I got it they're really easy you
guys get an agent box you just reach
your head in the back thank broke it
oh wow oh man mmm Greek blueberry yogurt
arm pretzels how's yours mmm those are
really good
I'm not so sure I think very long I
think I'm gonna have a new favorite
seriously those are really delicious all
right you guys you can get your own
sample at a link below naturebox calm
check them out these are so good they
ship them to your house in a box all
kinds of packaging that's healthy
look nutritionist to prove they have
nutritionists working on hand that just
stamp their stamp of approval on these
as they come off of the assembly line
floor I'll just eat them that's my
Stamper okay no more those were those
things go where's the these are my
favorite Wow these are really good this
one's the gratitude issue they're sound
like a thing comes with it it's called
the gratitude issue prime for Christmas
thank you for being you
you're an amazing friend that's one
thing I do love about nature boxes their
attention to detail and like the
packaging is very professional very very
professional these guys are legit you
guys get yourself a nature box healthy
delicious snacks delivered right to your
front door
those are good South Pacific plantains
one of my favorite oh they're feeling
frisky they're feeling frisky get a mojo
get a mojo don't let Zeke beat everybody
up get him what do they call get him
thinking vicious they're getting vicious
out here hey she later bang boy and his
sister he's a little baby and his big
sister he loves and she laughed him too
she babysits very often he's want to see
something cool that my mom got me for
Christmas this is a very may be one of
the best gifts I got because of the
thoughtfulness of it you know that's
always it's not the money that counts as
far as a how good a gift is what trick
is that you know no doesn't matter it's
about the time and thought the person
put into it huh that's right dad dude
what are you doing stop evil evil demons
be gone
oh we yelled them oh yeah look at this
is what my mom got me New York City TCS
marathon there's me and dare
Arkan Carly the Verrazano virtually ran
across my number 26.2 miles
there's my medal that's cool I'm gonna
hang that in my office I like that
that's very nice very thoughtful she
framed it that's cool well I look like a
whole different guy no no yes you do oh
I like it I guarantee you people are
freaking out I don't know do I look
weird how's it going this is me I
thinking that way many hands hey what's
his name every use ladies ladies ladies
what are you doing we up - homework
yo Legos the baby don't sit on his head
I sitting on the baby's head
hey Flavia what's happening girl hey
take these trees down Christmas is over
throw them out in the yard these guys
are playing Fifa Gavin is dominating I
haven't been able to beat a mint GT
that's why I sing them all way from you
you're not allowed to do that you know
I'll just steal the ball Gavin you
cheater
hey blue eyes was happenin come on
what's the score what's the score again
Oh top of the net what's it called
equalizer equalize what what's the score
now wands one up one up Oh got the
squirt
hey I scored on Gavin last night I
celebrated for two minutes straight hold
my shirt over my head go over the couch
tackle Gavin it was a glorious victory
hurry go my battery's gonna die Go Go Go
Go Go from there go ready for this Casey
not ready in case you're big into snow
remover right
this is a trained snowblower how cool
that is
do it again that was wrong anyways look
at this
in case you're watching videos on
YouTube about snow removal look at that
they got three engines pushing that
snowblower alright let's see if they can
get it this time can we watch the first
Hunger Games dad yeah um yeah
dinosaur top agenda and so is this vlog
alrighty then what's up everybody it's
good to see ya sorry to make a video
yesterday but I will sit behind the
wheel of a tractor what's with all the
voices alright let's get down to
business you guys I have a sad
announcement to make
the Shaytards will be going offline huh
hearts drop everywhere no for this 72
hours I am going to be taking a hiatus
to spend time with my one and true love
Colette and Titus we are celebrating our
12 year anniversary we have a hotel
booked at an undisclosed location where
massages will be had room service will
be ordered and white bath slippers will
be worn um so we will be celebrating
like I said our 12 years of being
married and I am NOT going to be on the
computer for 72 hours that is my
anniversary present took my wife because
that's what she wants so that's what she
gets so we will not be online the second
third and the fourth I am sorry we are
closed for business
watch our reruns we got lots of anyway
I'll let you know love you guys if you
want to see what we're doing while we're
on our vacation like our little
anniversary I probably will be posting
some Instagram photos so you can follow
me on Twitter Facebook and Instagram
because when I post my Instagram photos
I link them to my Facebook and my
Twitter okay so it's like three social
media birds with one social media post
thanks love you check you out see you
tomorrow
