oh this is your three now you get a
cupcake okay this is the dance Emmy
doesn't she's excited today that's not
nice all right we see it five six seven
very good five six seven eight good job
honey why we love it or just getting an
oil change in the car and the kids down
this little play area practicing Oh yep
later brah the red got more nice for my
homework he just put all those into the
ABCs and then he grouped into a pattern
and then he grouped them into color
rooms you did a great job buddy choice
of words like yes yours this very good
nude crazy hair boy we have a little
birthday party cupcake hangover we just
got up and came I don't know no no no no
no he was just all there calming hair to
be that's alright who needs come here
this is what you gonna spell oh good
yeah I'm good do I see you oh yes you
can borrow and eat okay you so sure yep
look that smells romantic d8 XZ o n9 oh
I'm sure the key are you finished it I
see you Jackson right job dude this is
not your choice to still everything
suburbs cuz your tree doesn't mean good
to have everything okay but Sheriff
alright Daxton I finally going to get
this garage clean it has been a mess for
a while and I've been looking at it for
a couple weeks thinking we could have
clean that garage but we've been so busy
oh cool but see you guys see it you know
you know how dirty it is I don't need to
show you anyways and I was going to plan
like a Saturday where the whole family
could do it but we've just had like
games and like traveling and all the
stuff and finally it's a nice day today
so I'm like we are going to do it to day
well there's just me and Daxton when all
the kids get home they can help J's gone
working too so we're just going to start
and then hopefully the whole family can
join in later and we can get this garage
cleaned
I mean Jackson's obviously really
helping can you tell he does he helps my
heart be happy while I clean he makes me
laugh
watch this dice oh so cool no that's not
funny
you look really cool though you got a
cool outfit on dude alright let's get
cleaning we're slowly getting there hi
hi hi where's the kid he go oh trying to
get him jumping on you hi cutie
this is flash you guys he's the feisty
little kitten that likes to climb likes
to climb people who come up here he
comes yes yeah we nephew yes
he's also playful he likes to play with
all the strings and all the things
unless he's a playful funky you like
flash yeah he likes you too like
spider-man
wait okay quit distracting me flash we
have to get to work we're trying to
create a very clean nice space for you
okay lowly oh good god bitch what oh no
garbage wait we have a lot of garbage
let's go put it in the garbage
yeah well Dax is finding some cool stuff
stop shark shark shark guys so looking
better yeah I'm getting close a long
time but I'm excited how this is gonna
end up yeah it's gonna be clean not Oh
check with a window scrape or a little I
do
aah
oh you did it can you spit on the table
little more so you don't fall off whoops
okay I'm watching you just watch dice
our choice very good yeah I am you can
see that
Oh cute uh-huh we are grateful that the
kitchen is finally somewhat clean
I'm grateful about that little pleasures
little things that make mothers happy
clean kitchens
good job jacks and little pleasures that
make free year-old chappie you're three
now yeah you're not supposed to be on
the table but let's just you know not
really caring right now cuz I'm happy
it's clean all right you guys so today
for dinner I'm kind of thinking that we
might just do simple and we might just
do like vegetable soup is that boring
that's one of the things as a mother's I
can't want to make things that are
healthy I can't catch happy okay okay
but sometimes they don't always like it
and then they don't get it and then it
debates the purpose if you're not eating
anything then that's not whole my kids
are getting really good at eating what I
make them what we just want the
attention your little ham ham it up
Hamsi alright also and I have decided
since she is not doing anything in dance
this year because told me that she
wanted to stay home with her family more
so I'm like I'm down for that and since
I did take a few dance classes as a kid
I feel like I do know a little bit so
we're gonna do dance together and we've
just been like looking it up on YouTube
like looking up different dance segments
and dance classes so we're going to put
some stuff together and eventually we're
going to please performing and if a via
ever
comes home from her activities she can
be involved too what are you guys doing
well these are guys playing bingo
classic that's what oh did you find the
cupcakes from yesterday he found this
cupcake those ones are any she made
those ones but I bet you should share
with you if you wanted one Jackson if
you want you one of those cupcakes you
know what you have to do ask Abby she
made those ones yeah ME ME ME OH
huh yeah but I want my hi it's your
lucky day you get a cupcake happy
birthday
well it's love seek what would you do
without him he loves me he does nothing
he's my loving puppy Oh guys we're
getting a pressure washer so we can
clean that garage it's looking good tell
them guys hello guys nobody they're
gonna tell you how good it looks
cuz they saw I saw too we all go looking
again it's really good where Carly
doesn't me the fun part thank you thank
you before I know I'm excited
let's go pressure wash the
Oh
working hard
we're cleaning the garage okay I mean
let's see it what are you laughing out
over the nurse he's watching fail videos
or what are those prank pranks failarmy
no wait let me see your balloon but I'm
not done with it yet they see it like if
I'm at that
could you talk like a minion good cash
tax sorta alright laughing you've got
vegetable soup that's what we're having
for dinner
you guys are cute oh look we found a
good watermelon too guys yes okay this
is the dance Emmy doesn't she's excited
I've just been informed for some reason
I feel like you've done that before
on the vlogs she loves descendants guys
but she still wants to look around to
explore all her options but when she saw
this she freaked out and did the sand
all right now where is everybody where
is everybody oh there's a three-headed
monster again look at that fluffy where
where are they should we get that and
put it in your room yeah it could be
your pet spider no you don't want to put
spider come on everybody wants a pet
spider I've just been informed the
gavin's countess roster he was a banana
one year you talk to he wants to carry
on the tradition or a hot I've never
ignore a clown Elvis you know I would be
a hard shell
virtual zoo babies off of mine sundown
oh really
Rob show mom your dance you bet whoa you
got some sweet new boo all with an ice
cream cone in your hand
fabulous that's cute oh that's creepy
it's like jam to show me creepy babies
and body parts my balls got weird he's
like where's the costume I want to call
him hey that's not nice
um cook this is the creepy section let's
walk away okay well now that we've
looked at body parts you want to go find
a costume okay so we got all our
costumes well almost all of them not
quite finished yet but we got most of
the costumes and now we're doing little
glitter touch we were gonna wait for
Halloween but we couldn't wait because
these are so cool and then now is your
day on for seven days but we'll see but
let me see well you can use them again
if you pull them off really carefully
you could use it again you have good job
em you look sheeted dual colors very
cool let's show them you're a dragon
don't just wait and love the dragon that
was so cool which one should I choose
sighs oh that's I think you should I
know how does it oh that one's cute ooh
how do i define uh well if you do both
maybe
I imagine this is what it feels like
when you're trying to pick titles you
like it all alright it's about bedtime
and Gavin and Avia have a cool trick
slash stunt they're gonna do for us
pretty impressive actually
trick you know how long is in practicing
this careful oh snap front flip did she
kick you in the head
oh do it again I want to see that could
you do a back flip do you dare you get
on the other way you could do a back
flip easy rocking the Shaytards shirt
and a smile more shirt you guys are
internet kids for sure and the cat the
memory card just filled up right when
she went to do the flip okay I deleted
some old clips and action it's getting
violent in here all right take three
strong go okay wait nice all right I
love you guys see you tomorrow good
night do some dab boughs that was a nice
dab bag of
a trampoline dabbe dives
dude you doing some trampoline dap dives
dude dude do a double trampoline dab
dive dawg
he goes a double double front flip
double jab dive dawg
duty calls okay go to bed see you guys
tomorrow okay
