all right it's the day after Christmas
it's the day after Christmas and holy
cow the Shaytards Christmas special
already has 600,000 views on it thank
you to everybody who's left a thumbs up
a comment I think I saw over 10,000
comments 45,000 thumbs up that's insane
okay so what we're doing for today's
vlog is we're headed right now to
collect parents house and I have some
footage when I went skiing the other day
with Trevor and we do have footage of
Colette giving the girls their American
Girl doll house we know a lot of you
were disappointed because I wasn't in
the Shaytards Christmas special but
cluck didn't get a chance she hadn't had
a chance to finish building it yet so we
gave it to them this morning I have that
footage for you right now but listen
just because the only thing you want to
watch is the girls getting their
American Girl doll house doesn't mean
you can't watch me doing cool tricks on
my skis kay so make sure you watch the
whole vlog I want you guys to see I
tried some cool tricks I want you guys
to see him all right we love you Merry
Christmas thank you for everybody
watching the Shaytards Christmas special
I worked a long time on that edit so
that was holiday music that's what we do
on Christmas Day yeah Christmas Day is
daddy edits all day long but that's like
the one day of year where you know my
job may suck compared to your job but
the rest of the days here my job's
awesome so I don't mind working all day
Christmas day to get you guys that video
cuz we appreciate the support so we're
going to see her family now and we love
you all right you guys seriously though
please watch my skin don't turn off the
video right after they're done watching
the dollhouse stuff okay I know it's
gonna happen oh you also care about is
you guys hi you guys have a good
Christmas girls we're yet they have
their headphones in let's wave your
hands in the air kind of like you don't
care you don't give a good gosh darn
just wave them around excellent
all right love you guys bye okay guys so
here's the deal last night I stayed up
super late trying to fix the train table
and the dollhouse for the girls I
couldn't do it I couldn't make it happen
for Christmas so I stayed up a little
bit late tonight and finally got it set
up for them so I'm really excited sorry
the whole Christmas special I talked
about the dollhouse and we didn't even
get it in there so we have Colleen and
check it out guys it doesn't have all
the furniture in it yet I bought you
sofa set for it but it's hasn't come in
yet and they have a little store they
can sell cupcakes and stuff cute and
then a camping set and then the kitchens
over here I decided that the kitchen
would be an extension here's the dining
room and the kitchen it's full of food
they got bananas and pies and
watermill nuts the most important and a
lot of cauliflower surprisingly check
out these little watermelons yeah
I'm pretty sure those will go missing
shall have them and apparently American
Girl dolls like salmon and mushroom and
pepper soup all right and here's the
train table for Brock and Daxton and I
have to train set that we will build
later because he actually got a train
set from Grandma for Christmas it's
actually an electronic one the one that
I have is wooden so I'm sure he's gonna
like the electric one for a while so I'm
we're gonna play with that one I'm gonna
use this as like a Lego table anyway so
finally did it alright there it is the
best wrapping job ever and I actually
already told Gavin about his tech tech
park table so he's really excited about
it but it won't be here until January so
I can't wait to see what they think okay
one thing lacking from the Shaytards
christmas special was this present that
the girls didn't get because it was it
was still being built all right okay I'm
gonna give you guys three guesses if you
can guess what it is that's a lot of
wrapping paper this one is actually
going to be for broach art and rock tart
bragging Jackson and I just open it
okay trampoline it's a tray table do you
like it
there's a trail of that look at me right
now the Train said that we can build
together like a bit high here or you can
drive cars on it or you can build your
Legos on it
not cool it's an activity table and you
can eat enough you know that you could
eat up no you can't eat it I mean that's
a rule wrong number one rule guys don't
eat on it K don't eat it either yeah all
right yeah can we climb on it mom we
want to climb on it oh I guess he likes
it
you like all right open that present now
this present is our last girls if you
don't like it I will freak him play the
crap out of my mom try to say is if you
don't take care of it she's gonna put it
in our room okay open it this hair can
grow that was that my that's yours you
got how would you put her in there
that's cute oh look you got all this
she's dead oh no she can't play with it
already calling bunks
they got their stink bugs this oh wow
look who just came to visit you like
that
alright Merry Christmas it's not very
often you see this view it's very rare
that it's a clear day up here at Grand
Targhee look at those Tetons let's go in
for a Zoom Zoom shall we zoom zoom zoom
and a boom boom look at those mountains
those are glorious just a little
panorama before we drop into this master
mountainous snow you guys ready
there's Loki bear we're out of bounds we
went half a trail marker
you ready shred bro like I'm not ready
look like you are ready I think Casey's
about to try a front flip you guys let's
see if he can stomp it I believe in him
I believe you can stomp this stomp it
hardcase
kid kid you guys see there front flip he
been practicing that one alright we're
on the chairlift we're having a great
time up at Grand Targhee ski resorts
raise your head if you're enjoying
yourself running close you know I guess
if we had to be here Casey
yeah we're forced to be here only I
could think of anything else I'd rather
be
let's call that my wife was here alright
we'll do a trick then do trick I was
gonna hit this jump and do a backflip
but shades like okay you gonna film me
so I'm gonna have to pass this one I get
here's the jump there it is through the
trees we need a good shot right here
great it's aw crap why didn't you hit it
brah I know I know
shaycarl goes down now look brother bro
that could be a thumbnail that could be
very easily be a thumbnail
why did you wuss out there go bombing it
more speed like this oh man one more he
says you better one more off of this you
know I'm no speed hit a minute drop it
dropping
know what I'm just gonna level with you
I'm super disappointed I haven't landed
a backflip I'm being gun-shy
I can tell I'm definitely being gun-shy
I'm guarantee I'll i'ma back with this
next run if I don't you guys I'll shave
my beard back I'm probably doing that
actually today when I get home I'm gonna
surprise collect she's going out with
her friends tonight for a dinner date I
thought what if when she came home my
face was shaved huh when we did that all
right check out my brother's
snowboarding through the Pow Wow case I
got a great shot of your case Casey you
look really cool right now oh that is a
perfect backflip jump
that's the lip you need we're headed
over through the powder into the skate
park and buy a skate park I mean terrain
park for skis and snowboards there are
no wheels or bearings or bindings here
there are some bindings I lied hit it
shroo powder it is a beautiful day we
got about 12 inches of new snow there's
Casey Lau here shredding it shred the
mountain hit it hit it hit it
there's a jump right there hidden do a
180 bro
sorry we're doing some jumps I saw you
guys look good up there
they lost the lip to it yes to shave his
beard now alright we're about ready to
go into ski montage when find some cool
music we're gonna get these guys doing
some cool tricks
riding through the pow-pow we ready
ready okay ski montage here the cool
music and sweet jumps and nice turns now
what line wait just make sure we're safe
through the whole montage yeah we will
it'll definitely hands up say if you got
hands up for safety is the man what kind
of we ready you guys ready okay we all
ready now and go do some cool jumps
they came very close to us guys that was
scary
Casey would you say you're having a good
time Shay I'm having a good time it's
just real cold out you're okay super
cold last run of the day last one of the
day
let's do it
and that's a day on the hill we have bad
news though Logan was snowboarding along
with his pockets open and when you stop
there oh wait tell you the bad news we
brought Logan oh that was bad news right
right start there it's gonna happen we
invited Logan you drove what could
happen what could possibly happen ever
heard of the term a needle in a haystack
that mountain is a giant haystack and
Logan's car keys are the needle so put
that in your pipe and think about it
I think it's smoke is that the right
term anyways long story short Logan lost
the keys to his brand-new car now he
can't drive home so he has to stay here
in targhee and would you believe me if I
told you that the lost-and-found called
Logan's cell phone because we went in
there and gave him a number said hey uh
he lost his car keys somewhere up in
that mountain of snow if anybody finds
them can you call us we get in my friend
Trevor's truck we're driving down the
mountain we get down to Driggs they call
us hey we found your keys not even
joking so we drive back up to the top of
the mountain Logan gets his keys and
drives home and it was a beautiful
wonderful day anyways funny story you
had to been there I guess thank you
everybody for watching the Shaytards
Christmas special my goodness the
support is overwhelming thank you thank
you thank you this is the last time I
will mention it spero in the birch the
Crofts family Christmas album is
available for download they made a music
video for every single one of the songs
on the album you can find those music
videos on Collette's
my wife mami tardes YouTube channel
which I'll leave a link to below and
also her sister Callie's channel they
split them up six and six on each
channel I have got to give and right now
I'm going to take just a moment to give
a huge shout out to Callie Crofts she
did an amazing job on the album you guys
have no idea how much work she actually
did she wrote the entire album all of
the parts said each family mender member
individually their part so Callie sent
Colette okay here is your part - these
tents
Ahn's so she took the time out to like
individualize each part send it to
Devery Adam Colette and put it all
together anyway she arranged everything
and it was a huge success
it's a great album I've listened to it
for the last two months and I'm freaking
I have every word memorized so this is
last I'll talk about it but Sparrow in
the birch go download the album it's a
great I mean you know it's you pat
anyways just check it out okay love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow all right
and I hope you like skiing because I
love it and now that we live in Idaho we
might be doing it a lot and just because
I bought gavin and brock skis in a
snowboard yeah we're gonna be out the
mountains so okay is that it if i have i
rambled on is there any is anybody
actually listening nope no no there oh
what's that everybody has clicked off
the video at this point oh okay well um
guess there's nothing more to talk about
unless I went to like this deep rants
like the next hour and just like somehow
this video was like an hour and 16
minutes long and right now you're all
checking down to see how long the video
is and you can see that I'm not gonna do
that okay
but still it's a log it's late you know
say what was I gonna say there's
something else I wanted to say I don't
know I love you guys shut up you just
say that when you can't think of what
you want to say I love you I love you
guys love you guys what was I gonna say
I think I was gonna say something I
can't remember off to tell you guys
tomorrow
because we do daily vlogs alright um
okay bye
