hey we are off that mountain what a day
man well yet I felt like I got sunburned
or snow burn these boots they are made
for walking
I missed you I missed you yes I did I'm
so glad you just cuddled up on your soft
warm little pillow all day long you
lucky duck you lucky duck son of a
monkey less uncle we are home the snap
tube day has been I feel pretty
successful even though Colette didn't do
anyone takers did you not get the memo
we're supposed to do it one takers today
so you did know but you just didn't do
it I know she mentioned but just let me
just clarify you did know about it you
just chose not to guys maybe should tell
her about it in the comments she's
slacking hi everybody
did you miss me it was fun I came home
and they are all the kids were climbing
on the waterfall and we've taken the
pump out of the waterfall so it doesn't
freeze for the winter but the bottom has
frozen so they have like a little mini
ice skating rink at the bottom of the
waterfall so that they can slide around
water inside oh there's water and soon
he did Gavin did you guys better be
careful it's like three feet deep oh hey
yeah we looked in the Pharaon after we
look up and he jumped on it and it
cracks and he fell did he get wet before
school girl actress Oh after school alas
twas the before school situation and
then today what count on it it cracks a
little bit just a little crack it's a
little bit colder so I am not done
Christmas shopping
I did go do a lot of Christmas shopping
last night for Colette I got all your
mommy's Christmas presents what is that
with your hand but I am supposed to buy
Kaylee's name
I drew Kaylee's name and I haven't
bought her a present yet you did can you
come for me watch this here hold that
straight up right there right there
watch out Rock actually here come here
you ready
ready what are you I'm gonna spin faster
ready a job move what our baby is a baby
and I have not bought anything for my
mom or dad yet
are there any of you who are still
Christmas shopping I am Christmas
shopping Colette is going out on a girls
night with her high school friends
squats dinner I'm watching all the kids
it's about 7 o'clock at night I'm
thinking about getting all five kids
strapping them in the truck and headed
to town something I don't want to do we
got to do a tax Oh true
like Kayleigh if you watch the kids I'll
buy you the best present you've ever had
the best present you've ever had such a
great idea do that let's do it okay oh
she got hurt you're right don't cry it's
the one take you can't cry during one
take you want to go see Bailey did I
hurt I'm sorry
yeah you okay talk to us we talked to us
gonna hurt bad how bad what did it hurt
your knee what's injured gonna talk
about it me I know is your knee what are
you doing get up a scooter in the house
let me see the house are you okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry for tripping you all
right well I'm still it's gonna break it
back what's going out with Bailey I'm
sorry are you okay now beaver here they
have a bad father cuz I tripped my
daughter on a wood floor
she's got a dollar it's a high you get
that buzzers
why are you drinking out of a sippy cup
oh you're not a baby yet can you hurt me
so you go to bed all right bye babe
we love you here film me so I can spin
around with this baby you ready ready
here we go
heretic run I'll chop one two three
