all right we are gonna ski now but first
there's a moose and look I know you
Merry Christmas everybody
Santa is right here right now asking
little kids what they want for Christmas
look at these guests for Christmas
present
happy Christmas Santa Merry Christmas
like that beard Merry Christmas okay you
guys want to ride the chairlift right
now with us want to see what it's like
to get on an actual chairlift how many
of you have ever ridden a chairlift I
feel like there's a lot of you who have
maybe never even been on a ski chairlift
before and maybe would like to
experience that Trevor doing they want
experience that I think they do all
right so we're more mature lift
we want to see how it works here's my
skis everybody just puts their skis on
the ski rack I think it's fun it's like
a field trip I'm like telling you guys
what it's like to ski okay there we go
we get our skis we're gonna go put them
on we're gonna get on the chairlift
we're right up there okay well this
isn't work it's gonna work I think I
turned the camera on too soon
these wanted takers are hard then I
can't turn off camera all right we'll
get our skis you guys ready get on a
chairlift
for your very first time raise your hand
right now if you've ever been on a
chairlift in your life have you ever
been to Grand Targhee
maybe you're from Europe maybe you've
skied in the Alps I don't know are you
from Europe are you from Europe he's not
from Europe so he's never been to the
Alps maybe he's been to the Alps that's
actually been one of my goals is to ski
the Alps so those of you who live close
to the Alps and I've never skied them
you should go take advantage of that you
know you never appreciate what's in your
backyard places that people come from
all over the world to visit you live
there and you're like oh yeah just the
Alps
all right freaking snowboarder okay here
we go
so this is what's called a high-speed
quad meaning you can fit four people on
the chairlift and it's what they call a
detachable quad which is very cool
because when the chairs come around they
slow way down so it's easy to get on and
then once it gets up a little bit it
detaches it gets on a different cable
and then it just flies up the mountain
so you save a lot of time targhee ten
years ago had a single double chairlift
we're only two people could fit on it
you know a super slow would take forever
to get to the top of the mountain okay
part of getting on the chairlift is they
have to scan this hi Jessica hey hey
this is their first time going on a
chairlift they're kind of nervous can
you talk them through it scan me look
where you want to go that's good advice
right there so let me show you how this
works alright so me Casey Trevor and
Logan all ski up here get in line Trevor
you having a good time no Trevor Katie
low key Barry I'm in a good time this is
very fun feel good to be alive man it is
crisp fresh air it is cold okay here we
go you guys ready here we are
wait here
our chair
hey what's up we're getting on the
chairlift here comes oh there's ice on
the chair we did it
come on the chairlift you guys nervous
I'm proud of you
you guys did it okay so see how slow it
was going now watch how fast it goes
past this pole sure that was like almost
7 miles an hour you guys six six it was
cold okay I'm gonna have to put this
phone away my hands are free stone
balloon I'm gonna try to upload this as
we go up the trail if - halfway up the
mountain the service gets better and I
can upload welcome back to snap tube
this is what we're doing right now
we don't need snapchat we don't need
YouTube when we got snap tube we shake
our oh okay we'll see you on the next
segment my hands gonna fall off see you
later bye whoo whoo whoo baby
