well that last video cut off my alarm
went off well my alarm went off and just
cut the video off right when I was about
to tell you guys something important
like I'm eating french fries all right
what and the mustard case it's cheese
 all right so we've done probably a
hundred runs a beard we've done a
hundred and two runs it's noon we're
eating lunch let me show you what I'm
dealing with here not the healthiest
situation we got uh some fries some
chicken fingers an apple and a little
Cola I apologize for the Cola portion
and then of course when I'm all done I'm
gonna save that for the chairlift it's
the rice krispie treat yum fun Trev
awesome time huh
Logan is having a good time he's having
a pop pilot and chicken pop little
chicken pop hi look at our place as you
can see it is a hold out there I'll
probably I don't know what single digits
we're in the single digits out there
look at what we have look at this view
after we're done skiing look what we're
gonna go do see that swimming pool we're
gonna go jump right and that's when we
pull it's a heated pool we're gonna jump
right off this deck into it and swim
around wouldn't that be sweet
Trevor you have a good time huh you
havin fun Trev
I'm tired was having a good time it's
Christmas almost Santa Claus is out
there there's kids sitting on Santa's
lap it's a lot of fun I mean two pot pie
chicken pot pie in this in this ski
lodge Colet just hey tell me she's
Christmas shopping for my parents we
haven't bought anything to my mom and
dad so they're picking up some
last-minute presents and we're skiing
we're gonna get some food and then we go
back up on the hill I am filming with
this so I'm gonna have some some ski
Clips by the time I'm done but just let
it update yeah this is fun this is what
we're done eating cheese gone it's gone
now okay love you guys update a Monday
