it was half off with this we look can I
change this one can I just exchange it
here hi hey everybody we're it is
December 23rd two days before Christmas
and we are at Grand Targhee resort
National Ski monumental what's is called
Grand Targhee is this in Wyoming or
Montana
I always forget we're in Wyoming right
now I'm gonna show you guys a little
little check it and check it it it's
8:30 in the morning we're getting ready
to go out for a mad fresh day of new
snow on the mountain let me show you a
little bit of what we're dealing with
right here in the Montone yes look at
that
and it is probably a foot of fresh snow
it's cold outside to look at but it is
pretty so we're here at the brothers
it's a brothers ski trip plus a friend
trevor is here hanging out we stayed in
the hotel last night we drove up and it
is nice it's gonna be a nice day Logan
say something say hi to the people yes
say hi to the folks at home Logan just
got himself a new helmet safety first
I've been reading a lot of comments on
my pictures I need a helmet so I got one
it's white folks at home folks at home I
don't have a helmet you know why
what's that your work belt your kidney
belt in case you do see heavy lifting
that's not a good sign boots a little
tight got to loosen those boots up so we
stayed let me show you this bed that me
and Trevor slept in Trevor's a large man
Trevor's 285 pounds 6-3 and we did the
whole bunk bed situation last night but
look at this thing see that see that
movement
there's a lot of movement in that bed I
felt bad did I roll around a lot I was
try not to roll around all night long oh
that's embarrassing
all right so this is the update so what
we do in the next couple days just
updates what I'm doing with my life
that's like a snapchat
you two blows ever heard of it ha
snapchat I need to do this they have
snapchat on YouTube now stop the upload
what you're doing right then during your
life you be like hey guys it's what I'm
doing right now I'm gonna do that we're
gonna do I'm gonna do that after this
copier yeah exactly that's Christmas I
want to spend time with my brothers not
behind a laptop yeah what do you got
this place look I know it's gonna be a
gorgeous - all the cats going to bed
they are going to bed for tonight we saw
these guys were up all night last night
grew in the snow we could hear them and
then this morning we're
