log in here well hello there welcome
back from the intro you are now in the
glorious cold icy mountains of Idaho
before we go back into that Christmas
party I'm right now editing this video I
just wanted to give you a little side
note there's two parts of today's video
first part is us at the family Christmas
party like we do every year we go and
sit on Santa's lap and the kids ask for
their presents and you get to see our
cousins from my mom's side and hang out
and it's a great time the second part of
today's vlog is the important part it's
what I call the baby tard memoirs
recently Emmy got her hands on one of
these old vlogging cameras and she just
took it I didn't I just said yeah you
can have that one it's scratched
I just wasn't using it anymore whatever
so I gave it to her she's been vlogging
with it and I found all this footage and
I thought I'm gonna put it in today's
video shade tart Christmas specials
coming soon and I have a special
something I want to talk to you guys
about
I'll talked about in the end slate okay
but first we're gonna go back to the
Christmas party
then we're gonna watch baby tarts
footage and then I'll talk to the ants
like okay back to crazy at least on the
stage with reindeer on her head
oh all right
asking for what you want a girlfriend in
the 73 that would be nice
I don't care whatever you get me sign
rufus magusis is now up for the santa
claus present retrieval now she's
telling Santa what she wants he's
telling her well we'll see because maybe
he won't get back that you've been a bad
girl this year so get the heck out of
here and take your present I don't hear
any about your crap anymore
get out here little girl for 20 seconds
it's my Mac I'm leaving this all in well
in that case next up is mr. broccolis
what's he gonna ask wouldn't ask for
Santa tell him what you want for
christmas can you think of anything
Spyder something all right there he goes
he asked for something I couldn't hear
him but he's got a bag full of candy
Jack's tin is up next
let's see somebody with a really nice
bum take him up there okay coolant why
don't you do it sure why not I can think
of anybody better with a nicer bum than
your bum okay yeah oh not now under
Santa it's okay dude it's all right he's
safe
we pre-screened him there you go
there's a present there's a present hey
can you not walk in front of the camera
I'm friendly the YouTube video here get
out of here bro oh yes you have pictures
I don't find only during the day hey do
you like your present
what'd you get Sesame Street oh all
right I got it on the video now you will
remember what you look like when you sat
on Santa's lap in 2014 okay ask him for
something do anything okay first of all
I have a long list do you have a pencil
can you write this down
she wants a new phone she wants her own
life she wants a passport she wants an
apartment in Paris she wants her own car
she wants her own all right
on our way looks like we have something
in front of our path so you may have a
chain saw in China I try to pull all
right well we are driving home and this
is in the road I'm not talking about
scam talking about the free hold on it's
good should we go help alert no I got a
got a freaking clothesline her with the
seriously what is going on here give up
just go around it well you tried to do a
good deed I couldn't I couldn't move
come back down here with the chainsaw
yeah right I'll Jackson actually yeah
right these are all clips strung
together over the last couple days of
Emmys experience of life okay roll that
beautiful baby tard footage hi everybody
so my dad he gave me his camera it was
dead but my dad did it was dead
my dad knew was that so you gave it to
me but my mom thought it was one of
those she put a battery in it it she
didn't know there was mine so now it
works I'm so happy that it works I need
to pick one of those things like for
charge is the charger that's in here Oh
basically I'm standing here having
nothing to say um-hmm so I'm about to go
to subway and we're about to go shopping
we're about to go to the wind shall be
Ares I don't have anything for free but
you play the whole song would I mean I
know it's called setting up the sign oh
okay silver in the car right here got a
subway oh yeah I was gonna say shall not
you so I can't reach it
could you guys see me I just have a lot
of stuff on it hey I'm in the hard to
reach people in Omaha high seat okay I
got it
okay so this one I didn't let my mom was
gonna take back but then she decided to
give it to me today it has to now it's
this thing you can put your jewelry in
it in this other side laughs it's
awesome you can pull that out but I bet
it worked we pull that out and it's like
this it's just really hard to do cuz in
the car
seven you can put some area here you can
pick an exorcism here you pump it like
your rubber band her stuff yeah oh yes
it no way today yesterday it wasn't
stunning but I didn't roll
okay bye it usually doesn't look like
really fast together anymore
today he did he remorse over the ride
Reza you okay ma'am you better walk the
skin Bucky it's beautiful what is with
the arrow keys to any less runcible here
okay go ahead
oh yeah there's two feathers oh no that
put on the truth no he needs to know the
cat education so this okay and then
you'll be coming about by another step
just another dog you want this always to
cover this part of your arm the tender
part you know don't let it slip you're
done I'm watching you but anyway let's
just say your picture now don't pull it
back because you can't just say you're
practicing hey lock your elbow right
gentlemen that's what you don't want to
I'm good with a little bit
Vincey spring cat yeah that's what you
want
yeah but if you forget wants to support
so anyway a little familiarization yeah
yeah hey stop Kiana be in the video you
want to be video you want to be in the
video there's our picture
hi another story now I just got down
subway I did just get them um and we're
just hey hey hey girl
we're just set this store that was kinda
and after this we're gonna have a movie
that night and I got this little tree
this little diamond hang on
so hi everybody this is a little
Christmas tree we named Bronx doesn't
want to do this so much but I do so
there's this Christmas true that we have
redecorated it and but it's little
Christmas tree we got it today we got to
make presents for each other and we got
to pit them around the tree and then at
Christmas time we can both open them
together it's going to be really fun so
here's the tree we decorate it it's blue
there's light we decorated it there's
these little chandelier so little
chandeliers I showed you but they're
better little diamonds and look at the
bird up top this is the topping it's not
come apart this wrapped it around
because it one sky so there's our tree
there's a bottom beaten Brock already
wrapped one present for each other is
Sprague's present I'll let you look
inside all over if you typically and
look what he is for the tape he couldn't
find any tape so just use clip this is
that so so cute to do and he messed that
up I think and just the bag and it says
your friend wrap to anything that's cute
so clip and then we're going to pick
mine mine is just this cuz I can't find
anything star just put this on and I
pitted it it's hard to open his holding
the camera so I put it then it was
Pokemon because I didn't have anything
else again so I guess I'm this this
Pokemon that Pokemon you're like talking
on but every time he gets when he gives
away spit that back a little box this
box like that with it fit this sorry
yeah
hi everybody so I'm going to wake up
baby yeah and scare this hoppy the tooth
because I
scared somebody sleeping wake up wake up
time to go to church
we're gonna go 30 minutes get ready I
didn't scare hi mom she's just like your
eggs yeah what hi hi hi hi
watch this Rach we know don't grab the
camera yes it is snowing snowing all
long want to go see our kitties
maybe away she's not waking that no I
keep telling her to wake up she's up
it's like leave me alone okay we're back
to filming hmm baby's over there rocks
over there do so outside I already
showed them see it ready shut though you
know just just again
yeah it's the morning of Sunday we're
about to go to church and Exxon's
laughing cousin one's gonna get some
food
hey Riley he's so cute I'm shit-faced
per minute
Oh
you are already so I don't know baby
well then let's wrestle
yeah okay hi what's your name
um okay I am not sure what my name is
sure yeah I'm really shy why do you do
cheerleading yes oh you love it
no I hate you hate cheerleading yes I
love it I did cheerleading myself ah
so you're happy for me yeah you were
we're hitting the pack attacked by the
yeah nothing by hi so we're about to go
to the charity performance and were
Kenny won't wait as about saying we're
getting ready that we are ready we're
just in the car driving and that's where
the footage cut out the infamous baby
tard memoirs there was actually proud
like three times the amount of footage
but there's just some weird crazy stuff
I'm like what is she doing I'm cut it a
lot of it out anyways that's some funny
stuff from Emmys perspective of the
world big announcement it's
Christmastime Shh Christmas special 2014
is under way I'm gonna turn this YouTube
channel into kind of like a snapchat
basically what I'm gonna do for the next
three days is there's going to be no
edited vlogs I'm just gonna do
throughout the day updated videos with
what we're doing for instance we're
going skiing tomorrow I don't want to be
editing and uploading so I'm just gonna
shoot little one take videos throughout
the day so you might get like four or
five updates throughout the day and I'll
even be like what do you guys want to
see me do next I don't I just want do
funny things like that I don't want to
be stuck in a computer or you hanging
out with the family so I'm going to do
updates from my phone like three or four
a day on this channel and then of course
on Christmas Day will upload the
official Shaytards Christmas special I
will be filming with the vlog camera
getting clips for the Shaytards
Christmas special but for these next
three days there's going to be a lot of
videos on this channel so it's not a bad
thing this is a good thing maybe some of
you will get sick of us actually because
there's gonna be a lot of videos so stay
tuned alright and I'm probably gonna
make a video kind of explaining it all
but I just wanted to tell you is the
insight what do you think is that cool
you guys down with that quote we capiche
on that you guys would anything talk to
me on the comments give me ideas we
should come up with a hashtag I want
I want to make it fun I wanna make it
interactive I just don't want to be on
my computer editing a lot so I can just
shoot for my phone and hit upload we
have good enough Wireless up here I
think it'll go up fast and it'll be easy
okay cool let me know what you guys
think I think I like it
okay bye key see you should see me
tomorrow
