hi I'm login here hey what's going on
shaycarl here one take sunday starts
right now where's the baby
he's in a joker well I gave you I gave
him to you to watch him and to let we're
talking to Amy about contracts and stuff
we gave the baby to a via to watch him
and then I came to find him and I oh
he's in here at is this I just have each
area the teacher what's going on here
explain to me the situation is they can
do everything wrong
so this is the daycare where people can
bring their kids and you watch them and
this is place tonight let me see those
sweaters you guys remember you guys
remember Josh Sundquist I was talking
about on the project for awesome with
John Green when I was on the airplane
flight the other day these are his
sweaters that you sent to us
Yankee has no lake yeah
and God has a bigger gun has a bigger
one I think this is a book a new book
Josh Sundquist has coming out call we
should hang out sometime
ok ok ok everybody needs to silent night
hey over here on here Oh your satellite
Oh
christmas is coming ah is your sweater
and like that oh are you really so we're
going to a Christmas party tonight it's
for our family Christmas party we do it
once a year right once a year we have
Christmas family Christmas party what's
your favorite part about the family
Christmas party
oh oh oh
Merry Christmas hey what's you guys
favorite part about the family Christmas
party wherever you want it's gonna be
fun huh yeah we need some presents
tonight Christmas man oh is it fun her
as a kid
adults do you feel like you've lost a
little bit of that sparkle you know can
you remember back as kids like so much
excitement of like what am I gonna get
who's gonna be there like what candy
what treats a little discouraging that I
feel like I've lost some of that
excitement of like Christmas morning
August count logically you by the fire
warm up my big old paws of an outside
running around anyways I'm outside
running around the countryside it's name
deities I like my balls being modded
cold were warm I'm about his big old
fire sprawled out on this rug what's up
I was just talking about zekiel memory
burns
does he look cozy over there on his rug
no it looks really good
this Christmas so magical to you tell me
what it's like to cuz I've forgotten I
want you to remind me help me get that
Christmas spark back in my life what's
it like to be a kid on Christmas it's
actually really fun cuz you don't have
to pay bills and tap
I'm Christmas that is good I hate paying
bills and tax even though you guys don't
do that on Christmas are you excited
what's the best thing about Christmas
I'm Jesus being okay you know are you
just saying that because that's what
we're always telling you to remember
like it's not about the presents do you
ever just wanted to be about the
presents you don't it's not the best
part okay I understand I can't talk
about this right now make it a roast
beef sandwich
apparently what's this for is this for
you you didn't put much time into that
just that your lunch I guess so it is do
you have all your presents bought this
year did you buy me a present
you didn't and you don't have to there's
no pressure
who did you buy presents for my friend
Lorena at school your friend marina Lily
Emily these are all friends at school
what was that we bought last night a
little like chopsticks and the candles
and stuff so how many your friends are
school four of them but when are you
gonna give them to them you're not gonna
see him till after Christmas now you can
give it to them in January cuz that's
when we get back what's that swing
whenever you're doing that I thought you
were buying him Christmas presents so
she already bought you something for
Christmas and so you felt bad you
wouldn't you made me by her presence and
that you're not even a given to her till
January we should take him by their
house for Christmas
you want to do that it's quite not
that's not gonna happen
we're too busy it is nice nice thought
anyways alright yours done doing
business Wow
Amy's here from maker studios Amy said
hi I'm gonna talk about business all
right are we ready to leave is about
time to go I want to just what's the
matter with the sweatshirt I just want
to take pause for a minute and say dang
girl what she wears
hmm and boots and leggies girlfriend she
is such a pretty candy cane I want to
just kiss you all these cold clauses
tell your warm up by the bar just lay it
on my big old rug take the region but
out running around my property girl like
that Katy Keenan and this is exciting
all the presents around the tree are
certain look nice very excited about
that
alright we're getting in the car and
we're driving to Utah oh hey girlfriend
drive in Utah for the family wat oh I
love that sweater he's a mean one mr.
Grinch the foul stench east stance the
trashiest banana banana trashy face
mister grass that was loud I'm sorry
it was nauseous okay anyways we're
getting in the car
we're gonna be listening to spare on the
birch the whole ride there and we're
going to go see Santa Claus I'll get
footage for tomorrow's vlog one day
Sunday today okay everybody say goodbye
Merry Christmas to you all
tomorrow I won't ask you a question come
here real quick don't ask you serious
question I already asked you this
question c'mere Rock what's it like to
be a kid on Christmas what's it like um
Santa gives us presents is that your
favorite part about Christmas Wow do you
love presents
yeah I love that peasants - do you like
- what's your favorite part wrapping
presents or opening presents opening
presents you like the opening presents
part the best what do you hope you get
for Christmas I could gauge a star rural
big box don't what if he's watching this
what if he sees this video I know he's
gonna know what he's getting for
Christmas now is that okay you'll still
like it I bet he'll still probably think
it's a cool toy what's going on with the
cuddles back there is it a cuddle
session in the background with mr.
Grinch did your heart grow three sizes
this day did it is hard for these three
messages that day
oh who wants a kiss pucker up pucker up
ok that glitch yva sounds like you was
always a Grinch okay we ready change a
diaper you guys want to do that no Brock
what are you gonna get for Christmas I
don't know what's your favorite present
you think what you want will stay a big
superhero box okay so goodbye
we love you I am going to import this
into my computer right now I'm going to
upload it to the YouTube calm here look
you guys I'm going to put the footage
into this wire this wire is going to
shoot the footage into my computer I'm
then going to pull it up onto my
computer I'm gonna maybe cut the ends
off a little bit export it and then I'm
going to shoot it through the air from
the mountains of Idaho to this place
called the internet where you will all
come and see it it's crazy but I can
broadcast these images
this sound these ideas to the entire
world from here in the desolate cold
windy mountains of Idaho I can put this
message on the computer and shoot it out
to you all over the world that's kind of
cool
if you think about it like that anyway
happy Christmas we hope you're having a
great weekend we are and we love you
guys we'll see you soon see tomorrow
actually but since you tomorrow guys and
say it's a lost time for the Shaytards
Christmas specials how about you Jacob
do you know that we make a Shaytards
Christmas special every year yeah is
that your do you like those videos yeah
remember when we go to the gym usually
on Christmas yeah are we gonna do that
for sure
yes do you want to yeah Christmas party
in Ruby
blowing fun by his crane
so
my mother stars sweetly please
here come the wise man from oriental
Oh
