hey come get me
no we're just out getting some
last-minute errs and this little guy is
funny oh hey all right bye see you later
I better not do that he'll take me
seriously and he doesn't care he won't
miss me at all hey she's walking so well
now you're such a big boy now oh don't
eat that you oh what'd you find
cardboard can I have it thank you so
good are you gonna go now
no all right the kids are home from
school and they all had a little part
not a little one they had an all-day
party today pretty much what did you do
in the all-day party you why I say I
don't know how to run I tried it again
you do that's an example you just need
to try things guys don't say you can't
until you try it
all right let's go give daddy pregnant
we come bearing gifts
my dad I didn't wrap it sorry I really
put oh yeah these are just five snowmen
as anyone can see I made them with my
hand which is a part of me now each year
when you decorate our home you'll look
back and recall December of 2014 when my
hand was where'd you hear that silly I
love you how it's grown a but you got
lots of candy yes and you unwrap
presents did you see anybody special
he's special who came to see you today
at school yeah
Oh Santa and what did you ask Santa for
a lot a monster prostitute and then to
label boxes a monster costume and two
Lego boxes yes where's Santa gonna get a
monster
do the elfs make monster costumes yes
what kind of monster costume zombie what
you like that okay Sam's gonna have to
get real creative this year for you huh
we'll see cool crazy kids zombie
costumes for Christmas my quest for that
hey kitty who said you could get on my
car oh seven cats guys definitely trying
my patience a little bit but do you know
what I love him even though I get
annoyed I love our car oh it's just
climbing on it alright it's the typical
Friday night here at the Shaytards we
have pizza got elf on TV pizza and elf
you think you having a good Friday night
off school for Christmas break
hallelujah
two weeks off of school how do you feel
letting hot chocolate hey you guys we're
gonna go ski in alright in these two
weeks we're gonna go ski in okay you
guys gonna get up on the mountain it's
Christmas it's Christmas break are you
excited for Christmas me too we're gonna
go to a ski mode you're gonna learn
you're gonna learn we're gonna go we're
gonna go to a ski mountain where you
tried some skis you're gonna slap down
out heel you'll learn okay Zeke robust
again all the family will go skin you
want to go skiing dude yeah I have a
feeling you're gonna be awesome at it
I do I do hey that you could even ski
you if you could walk you can ski that's
what I always say Gavin you get a
snowboard this year yeah you bet you are
com√∫n elbow okay baby and the kids found
a cool trick that we can do where we
need your assistance in the filming
Department you what works hmm how many
times does that happen in our lives Hey
pull through the house
pretty heavily regulation here we go
Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka
Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka
Chicka to pull up we got to get you in
there I'm gonna drag the entire family
Zeke I don't think the secret work Zeke
will you hold on to mommy calves
oh you don't wanna watch it this time
don't pull your sister's pants down okay
one more time
it's date night at stay tonight it's
date night it's a Friday night date
night with me and my wife Colette we got
a babysitter to watch those kids while
we come out and talk about our lives and
our relationship and eat dinner and
watch movies and candy and go shopping
for lotion and spritzers and stuff like
that I like it though I like being in
the mall during Christmas and it's not
very busy in here it's 9:30 on a Friday
night but the mall is pretty empty we're
in here smelling Japanese cherry
blossoms and beautiful other things that
taste and smell so yummy there she comes
Little Miss shopper herself we've been
here for five minutes and you've already
seen three I am fast I'm on a date so I
just need to get this over with
whatever you lose your favorite part of
the date no lies every single single one
of them what yeah he said her favorite
parts to the dessert I think we're
spoiling the kids for Christmas I think
what just asked me how much can I spoil
the kids for Christmas it's just the
annoying it's Christmas I'm feeling very
nostalgic I love when they played the
Christmas music especially when the kids
are out of school it's like it's
official the Christmas season has begun
bells I did oh I can't oh sorry
are we spoiling them is it official
they're spoiled rotten brat
move we were we were at the girth store
and I saw gushers and I thought well I
want those at the theater
it's worse sneaking them in is that
dishonest are there people out there I
guarantee you there's people out there
that are so honest that they won't sneak
candy in the movie theater I used to be
that honest until I started lying a lot
and I figured that I like that like you
know we have some vouchers in my purse
is that cool it's kind of really icy
yeah it's fine how many of you got in
there
we're the shiny
I'm wishing for so don't you make me
wait anymore
honey if you cuz I see when you get down
on one knee a bump ow
