hey kitties and baby kitties and babies
all right so we are going Christmas
shopping for the children today is is it
their last day of school no tomorrow's
our last day but it's all the parties
that I have to like this wedding so
after tomorrow the kids are gonna be
home for Christmas break which that's
exciting
hey what are you talking about I'm
talking you can't talk while I'm talking
hey so we're going Christmas shopping
and I just told Colet
I said don't let's not get him too much
stuff I don't want to spoil him and
she's getting all excited she does this
every year she's like a kid on Christmas
morning we don't have to transport
anything anymore we can just have them
open it and then put it where we were
going to put it so we can actually maybe
get something bigger than that well you
know doesn't have to fit in the van but
she's gonna spoil them and I'm like that
and so Collette this is Colette's answer
because she's like I want to get him a
lot of presents I have all these ideas
and I'm like so this is her answer we'll
get our presents and then we'll beat him
to keep him humble that's why I'm jumpy
well so we were on the phone with
Colette's dad and he's like well don't
spoil him too rotten cuz we were having
this conversation with him Herman and i
stoled cholatse had been she spoiled him
rotten he's like don't spoil him too
much and then she said that and I
started cracking him last funny it was
is a hick joke I'm sorry it's not funny
okay so we're gonna take rock to school
and then we're gonna go get some
presents you are hey hey is avi your
best friend yeah she is
I thought I was your best friend your
best friend ABS know what didn't you
have to pick one who's your best friend
the best is Fred rock me Arabia dad and
yes mom they in that order in that order
I'm pretty sure I'm wild your first
every knows your first you're the
beautifulest okay I gotta get gasoline
all so I want to show you guys what I'm
getting for Gavin and Brock but I'm
afraid they're gonna watch the vlog so I
can't tell you so they're gonna see I'll
just give you a hint though something
something something what are the odds of
you catching this football one in 10 one
in a thousand one in a million
oh she's putting her purse down so
you're telling me there's a chance all
right you guys ready I betcha lot of
money stolen catch it get it get it get
it Oh shucks it hit you right in the
hand that's a bad place to throw at my
bad okay ready catch this one get it
cool keep your eye on the ball watch it
bounce up your hands and hit you in the
head okay get it add a girl
one out of three ain't bad I get nervous
my pits are sweating they are they're
sweaty I want to touch him are they
sweaty that's what he does it's fighting
all morning it's weird
I don't know that's my test oh yeah yeah
oh she got it I was good
ah here nothing here right in the
testicular
better run I'm gonna tag you in the back
of the head
oh god her Amy here's your Christmas
present oh but I got you look at all the
kitties in here look I got a basket full
of kitties my buddy I thought it'd be
funny to bring him inside
I got him off I brought him in a basket
yeah that one's name is hazel he's
afraid of him don't go don't make a big
giving him too much stimulation look mm
no just leave them the best leave in the
basket look Gavin we brought all the
kitties in like I like we should put
back some in the basket um it's good man
hi kitty
oh yeah dink how you doing we got a
kiddie basketball kid here why is that
your favorite because it's cute your
legs miss the only like white thing you
could get get giddy let him out play
that cool got kiddies
you see those kiddies Sonny you're
drooling are you gonna eat the kids
why are you drooling bro are you hungry
ah oh
Kitty's gonna eat you didn't you let a
hungry little baby on our hands you
better be careful I'm gonna see these
he's got Kitty's baby
Oh kitties and pinkie give kisses kisses
oh oh no those aren't your presents
he's cut the fence uh-oh getting out
there good now get on top he is back in
the basket there they go
give me kisses
there's kitties in the house and you
just sit there and do nothing you just
let the kitties run about you crazy
animal can I show you guys something uh
can I show you how a little black box
can change an entire man's life what
what are you let me show you look what I
just installed there's a little black
box right here this this thing oh crap
the bottom of the key more often to do
the thing anyways this is the little
black box hopefully it's still working
oh dang it that's was supposed to happen
there okay anyways so I may have broken
it when I was trying to install it so
this is a Bluetooth device that connects
my telephone to the speakers in this
lowly shower yes check this out I am so
excited
where's my phone basically that little
black box is a Bluetooth that allows me
to play anything that is on my phone
into the speakers into my shower that
means my books my songs
anything that's podcasts anything I want
to listen to on my phone at Bluetooth
and it goes right into your watch all
right check it out
I wanna hear little sparrow in the birch
huh yeah low we're taking a steam sing
sing sparrow in the perch dude
this like this morning when I woke up
and I was just tired nobody wake up
you're tired I got on my turn the song
it was amazing you know what else I'm
going to use this for my audible count
is going to be exploding with oh the
Zebras coming along see we're going on
we're gonna kit out anyways I am so
excited to get that thing installed
because I don't think there will be a
shower go by where I'm not listening to
music or an audiobook in fact the other
night me and Deepak Chopra we sat down
in my steamer and had a nice little
conversation you've seen this new book
by Deepak Chopra it's called the future
of God yeah at me and Deepak it was like
we're just sitting in the sauna together
having a chat about God and I love it
it's like my distressed time at night
like after we put the kids to bed I get
in there and turn the steam on and
listen to one of my audiobooks or
listening to music it's the coolest
thing you don't see audiobooks I have in
my audible account I found this guy
Stuart Wilde I can't how I found him
like some random YouTube video and then
I started looking into his stuff so I
downloaded this book I have you guys
know I love Malcolm Gladwell all of his
stuff I'm a huge Joel Olsteen fan here's
some more Stuart wild stuff just down in
the new Deepak Chopra jam Eckhart Tolle
the power of now and you guys know I've
talked about the power of habit this is
my audible account you guys audio
audible books I highly recommend them in
fact I highly recommend that you go to
audible.com slash Shaytards and get
yourself a free trial membership and a
free audio download I sincerely think
that little black box will change my
life because listening to audiobooks man
ah it just it helps me so much it gives
me ideas that I never had or makes me
think about things in a way that I've
never thought about things so just by
having that little device where I can
listen to my audio book
in my shower it's gonna change my life I
just know a little I really do anyways
you guys should listen to audiobooks
link link below if you guys want to get
an audible account check it out alright
tonight is a very special night the
girls are going with Grandma to the
Nutcracker oh you guys look look all for
you Nicole oh and candy or smuggling
candy into the Nutcracker I guess it's
not like the movies you can you can
bring down the cannon ready
look I look so pretty I'm so proud let
me see it Braley I love it you're so
pretty here q hey we've got that D I
didn't win I like she's wearing a GI -
it's true okay Jeffers you are saving
money can beautiful - that's her
favorite thing to do save money go to di
o buy I know they love don't know di
thrift store and they like to buy
clothes and I think that's fun they do
you fight a lot if I'm not on fire no I
love they look so cute hey why aren't
you going to the Nutcracker you
Nutcracker cuz I'm not a girl
and so and I already went for a field
trip oh yeah you did
another only they have her and they're
going to the full verse oh yeah when I
was texting Kaylee earlier about the
Nutcracker I accidentally called it the
buck cracker I was like never know that
before oh dude what are you doing back
in the present but I can't wrap it by
myself where did you get that present I
don't know you're giving so that's Peru
gage is that your sword
what is that your samurai sword or knife
okay but where did you get it
is it even yours Hey is it yours meg gay
no but whose is it
gage no whose is it is it yours or is it
Gavin's
hi so you sure you want to give it to
him
yes alright he's been so excited to wrap
presents he's just finding random things
all over the house to wrap and you
what I can't wrap it by myself well you
started out really good here you can
still use this one yeah yeah yeah put it
in there I'll show you you sure you want
to give him that because once you give
it to him you can't take it back
are you sure yeah was it yesterday it
was his already so that's his yes I
don't know I don't know I don't know if
it's already his or but was hit it rocks
and I was giving it to him
we love hand-me-down presents so careful
with the scissors at you're gonna snip
your nose off dude that will hurt you I
listens on Navarro I'll do this part you
go get the tape all right so I think I
just learned that this is already gages
so I explained to him that we can't wrap
a present that's already gages to give
to gage so he can unwrap a present that
he already has and this what what whoa
watch out for him he's crazy about what
for child
what how it's cool thing huh
did you have a good huh man school yeah
yeah
yeah it is cool yeah right are you but
surfing Silva oh boy snack for three
hours
yeah and get on your hands and either
quit let's go
urban get on up here amid three boys
three boys get here oh wow wow that is
crazy
baseball box your life is just beginning
with that dude you get that yep this is
really what dads are for I wasn't sure
if you guys do that but dads are really
just primarily for a entertainment
mechanism look like abs pods Oh dancin
watching you guys this is what you have
to look forward doing little man
Oh Jack you just watching you guys look
at this today's whoa
ah stop painting
oh I'm trying to zoom out guys sorry I
can't figure out how to work it
