Wow look at that sky guys the colors the
Purple's the Pink's you got to respect
that you got a pause you got to look
around you you I'd be like whoa I
respect that
thank heavenly Father that's really rad
or mother nature or ever just like look
that's cool yeah well that's another one
another day the Sun is rotated we've
rotated around the Sun did you know that
the Sun is moving while we rotate around
it
we're like a rocket ship through space
spinning around a bright ball of fire
that's cool science anyways it's another
day and it's time to go to school you
ready to go to school
no you're sleepy Gavin's going skiing
all day today a ski day I'll see you up
there buddy you going up for PE like a
dude I'll be funnel so we can get a few
rides and clay let's go pray or Jimmy
all right this is the routine every
morning these kids how they go to school
later so they get up later and then they
have to come up here to say morning
prayers with us so they don't have to
get ready for school yet they're still
in their blankets yo magusis you ready
to educate huh your brain already wired
up huh stretched out lift up some more
information there today some math some
English's some knowledge is mysteries
they're probably gonna fall off because
you're not too much like a brain issue
okay come on let's call the chamalla
okay Zeke we say the prayer Zeke he said
what you are said it better
it is - your turn Gavin said yes don't
leave do just because you're agnostic
doesn't mean you can't pray with us
family tradition stop arguing I don't
care all right
good morning honey Zeke says hi okay I
mean let's go we got to take you to
school that's wrong okay get up go get
ready
Wow look at that sky you guys the colors
the Purple's the pinks you got to
respect that
you got a pause you got to look around
you you know I'd be like whoa I respect
that
thank Heavenly Father that's really rad
or mother nature or ever just like look
that's cool anyways we're gonna need
something a little bit more substantial
than a paintbrush this morning what does
that look about it and the area seeing
those colors out there you see in the
pinks and the purples you see in the
whites and the Greens are you being
appreciative of the glorious
surroundings you live in you're a kid
you can't respect that not until you get
older and you've lived a million days
and you're like I'm tired of all these
days over and over again start looking
for things to be grateful for like a
beautiful skyline all right I wasn't
rocket Paxton's room I'm looking for
that flip camera that Broncos had lately
all I can
let's see what barges on here rocket
back sleepers hey good morning Rach I'm
gonna take that flip cam and put the
footage in the video okay laughs you all
right I just checked
Brock's flip camera and there's like
ninety minutes of footage on there I'm
gonna have to make it like his own video
there's he just vlogs he takes up flip
cabbages vlogs so stay tuned in a couple
days I will upload a Brock vlog as like
a bonus vlog but there's 90 minutes of
footage on this flip camera and I have
to go through all of it and cut it out
so I'll show you guys yeah yeah yeah
yeah no I am it's gonna fit my son okay
and I don't know if that's how the song
goes but I'll dude walk off crew I don't
get sick of it man I do this skin a lot
every time I come around this bed and I
see that mountain I get a big smile on
my face and the excitement exhilaration
in my soul yeah yeah
you guys I'm going three miles an hour
okay I'll put the camera
well good thing they plowed the road
it's just thanks for getting higher
there I can't believe these poor trees
just have to suffer through this cold
winter snows gets stacked on top
you know let's talk about energy I'm not
talking about fossil fuels or the free
light that shines down on us every day
that could power everybody on the earth
but we don't use it because we're stupid
and fossil fuel companies are wrecking
our world anyways I'm talking about
people power I'm talking about this
comment from Ian the giggles I like that
Ian he says hey Shay the positive
attitude and effort I am putting into
work has gotten me promoted and has
gained me a genuine career for the first
time in my life and he says transport
management thank you for the positive
messages thoughts vibes etc that you
portray throughout your life best wishes
to all you and your extended family
thank you mr. miggles telling you what
you guys people create energy people
crave people that are optimistic and
happy and helpful and don't gossip don't
talk about other people behind their
back if you're at work or at school and
you're trying to make it or get along
quiet care thing is vibrating let's go
back then work harder on having a
positive mental attitude it makes all
the difference in the world
what so now I turn the camera on that's
when you decide to sit down oh he's
being a basketball star which is cool
here listen they're so cool if you love
it in its full glory
overall all right okay guys it is either
winter Snowden night so we're having
BLTs with soup and I didn't know which
soup I wanted so I just put in three
different kinds it's just Kansas so you
know no big deal we got minestrone ease
clam chowder and chicken noodle that's
probably gonna be the most popular and
then we're going to have BLT and I love
the smell of bacon you guys I know I try
to go to Tyrion but I do I like bacon
it's good it's really hard to resist
bacon when I have the opportunity to eat
it but not all have some minestrone soup
opinion whoa whoa hey guys there's like
I tried to find a via oh you haven't -
you need a pineapple PNAC pineapple
vessel chicken
yes oh my gosh oh my gosh I'm so scared
I'm gonna fall off this right now
dang it good job Jackson Inka Chavez
I mean who oh my gosh I'm was so that
was around bad now we're going to go for
any and
kind of sad because I really never lose
you I'm at how do you like in any
anywhere oh they're so guilty they know
they know that means there is in the
Sheila's area I want you here and I look
at the top shelf and if you're laughing
and then I went down payment how are you
in there okay hi guys my tournament out
cuz so I got to go back in the closet I
have to count here so I'm just in kind
of let out the shower sets motion but
it's black and action also so it's going
to be more like behind things not under
just you do that guys oh I guess I was
wrong he's in there a table I hear
crunching I'm Emmett guys easier than
cute I don't even we didn't even plan
out huh huh
all right let me kids baby in a basket
no that's nice I have some pretty sick
box
ball skills I mean this is a mini boss
so we don't know what I can actually do
but you know whatever there's no balls
and house mom the only exception yeah
that's not true after running everywhere
sighs we finally got in any corner of
the dining room I can't I cover my
distance needle dick this is such an
open area anyway I finally found him
alright happy I'll see I got in trouble
cuz my god I forgot to say idiot
sandwich reason guys just because your
kids are bigger doesn't mean they're
grown-up enough
wait does your dad though can he
embarrass you and kind of 4 million
people Cruiser nothing right now it
could be embarrassing me well is it true
yeah we're gonna get Madison very funny
am i hiding in the day here at Colossus
Sarah playing hide and seek did you blog
that part oh man William oh all right
why are you screaming - open so I can
actually breathe and he was himself so
he pushed it yeah let's be careful while
we're playing hide and seek
don't hide in places where you can't
breathe number one rule Oh unless it's a
good hiding spot I guess I like them
whoa careful
Oh oh snap
good roll her oh I love the pink in red
you have going on vision well I have got
some for you all right
let's pray Kevin Richard wait you're
alive wall please it accidentally I'm
afraid he's the closest to Jesus
hey tell Jesus you want to prove it yeah
okay
why
