okay I'm just gonna turn it on I'm
having the hardest time making this
video I don't know why I'm really kind
of struggling with this why I vlog video
it's so much to me and it's at a weird
time anyways hi Shay Carl here to
promote vlog you mentoree
the movie it's on YouTube read right now
I'm very happy I am very proud of it I
have watched it about 4 times on YouTube
read and I keep watching it in different
frames of mind like I'll see somebody
tweet it and I'll be like I'm gonna
watch it like I'm that person now and
see how like they might think about it
and I love this movie um I'm gonna be a
hundred percent transparent right here I
just got YouTube read yesterday
I probably shouldn't revealed that um I
am a long time youtuber I've been on
this website for 10 years I have never
paid to be on YouTube I think I've
bought a few movies before but um I just
yesterday morning at right before the
movie went live I'm like I gotta get
YouTube red so I signed up for YouTube
red on multiple accounts YouTube's not
just one account I signed up on like
three to two counts I almost lied two
accounts on shaycarl on the Shaytards
accounts anyways front like the two days
that I've had it now day and a half that
I've had it I've loved it
two features right away that I want to
tell you about that I just experienced
when I was on my youtube phone YouTube
red it's even cool on your phone YouTube
red one thing I went to watch a video
and it offered right away I said would
you like to download this on your phone
to watch later so you can like
immediately grab videos from the
internet and just put them in your phone
so if you're on a flight or a bus or
whatever you can just like watch those
videos later that's a really cool
feature also it will keep playing the
audio when I go to Twitter or to
Facebook so like if I'm trying to listen
to like a Philip DeFranco video or you
know a podcast or something that's on
YouTube you can in the youtube app if
you have youtube bread you can go to
other places and it just keeps playing
the
we're on just regular YouTube it like
dies and you're like man I was watching
that but I wanted to check Twitter real
quick so it's really cool for that it's
a great experience and I've only had it
for two days and I'm pumped to have it
I'm very excited with how many people
have watched the movie you do not see
views on YouTube red but I am privy to
back-end analytics
and to think I'll just say over 200,000
people I think that's unique like I know
for sure that two hundred thousand
people have seen the movie I'm not sure
with views but that's really exciting to
me and like I said I really love it and
this why I vlog campaign which so many
of my friends that's another like John
Green did a why I vlog live show I
watched that yesterday and I was like
just the fact that he took time to do
that John's a busy guy he's trying to
write a book and that just like meant a
lot to me um Michael Buckley Olga Kay
made videos I wrote notes
I've watched almost every single why I
vlog video that's all I did yesterday I
was getting emails from Google yesterday
saying hey che remember we bought your
movie and you'd say you said you would
make a why I vlog video where is it I'm
like I'm watching why I vlog videos um
and there are so many of you that I
watched that made these why I've vlog
videos not only like big names like
Craig wheezy waiter Ben Z made a
hilarious one um who else made one
there's so many people I was tweeting
some yesterday but I was thinking like
wow why do I vlog and it's a hard
question to ask in this face of me
announcing that we're going to take a
year off because it almost seems
disingenuous it's like Shay why are you
not going to vlog anymore and I know
these are like first world problems and
some of you may have seen my little come
apart on Twitter last night where I was
like
centralizes um but I just feel like
something is pulling me in a different
direction I have some other projects
that I want to work on and that's
ultimately why I'm taking this year off
I just just feel it feels like I need to
like when I started these videos and I'm
going to get to why I started them and
what exactly vlogging means to me but
just that concept of what if I made a
video every single day for a year how
crazy would that be and now here we are
almost like nine years later and it's
crazy to conceive what if I didn't make
a video every single day for a year and
that's like what no way we're just like
a few years ago was like you're gonna
make a video every what no way so things
change and that's okay and I know that
we are all afraid of change and some of
you don't care that I'm leaving some of
you are like good riddance get out it's
like stop whining about it Shay I see
those tweets um but there are some
people who are genuinely sad that the
Shaytards channel is going to go away
why do i vlog i vlog because I care I
care about where we're going after he
died that concerns me and it concerns me
that more people don't want to talk
about that and so I feel like vlogging
is a way to freeze these moments in time
that are so limited and it's not a fun
thing to say like you're gonna die we're
all afraid of it and some of us maybe
just like forget about it some of you're
like I'm fine with dying but then I'll
sudden your mom dies or your aunt dies
or somebody commits suicide or you think
about committing suicide and you're like
whoa what do we do we just end we just
go into the dirt and some of you are
okay with that and I don't know if I am
okay with that like this matters to me
my family these experiences my friends
that I've made on YouTube like it means
a lot to me and for that all to just go
away one day which it's going to happen
we're all you know if you're listening
to Watts Keys new album
we're all worthless we're all it doesn't
we don't mean anything with anyways
existential crisis you see where I'm
going here but I've logged to freeze
these moments in time you know to say
look look at that look what we did
or remember that I guess that's one of
the reasons why I vlog but um you know I
also do it for the money I know I had to
lighten it up there um so please check
out the movie please think about why we
do any of this you know sometimes I get
into those where it's like why are we
doing any of this is there a point and
yeah I know you don't got to preach to
me I get it but sometimes you know even
I get to wonder what it's all worth and
anyways that's why I love this
opportunity I think these are important
conversations and I think it's so cool
that we can all have it because of these
devices because of this YouTube this
internet this crazy exponential growth
of technology and information it's work
and we're at a crossroads you guys we're
at a tipping point with the election
with we need to have these conversations
so that's why I've vlog why do you vlog
make a video um there's probably lot
more things I want to say and maybe wish
I didn't say but I'm gonna hit stop on
this and upload and I'm going to walk
away and not get on the internet for the
rest of the day that sounds like a good
plan this is the vlog for today thank
you for being a part of this and it does
mean a lot to me and I just want to take
this opportunity to say that and to say
thank you to all of my friends all of
the people who have had you know any
part of this journey
with with me and maybe one day we'll all
just be worm food but if we could all
like you know let's all get buried
together so that we can decompose like
in the same pile or we will celebrate in
celestial glory forever I don't know
I'll see you there though
