hello Trinity High ponies
let's okay are you ready yeah all right
you guys so Rach picked out a present
for Daxton and he is ready to give it to
him I think mostly because he gets to
play with it yeah the wrapping paper has
snowflakes on it
he picked him out as little people know
his art and he loves it
so we're gonna wrap it for Dexter did
you lay it out that's pretty good okay
let's set this on there yep I got this
it's so fun when you finally start
putting presents under the tree I've
delayed it because we have a
you-know-who one year old who likes to
get into things that are by the tree so
so far it's been a little bit difficult
no no no no no no not yet we have to
measure it first if you can't cut it yet
cuz that might not be big enough anyways
so we're hoping that we can keep the
presents that are under the tree wrapped
a piece of paint yeah you do have a big
piece of tape okay do you know how to
lay it on there right on the crease
perfect good job dude oh yeah oh cool I
got the biggest thing that is such a
good big piece of tape okay can you tear
it off good careful not to wrap your
tape all up in your fingers okay good
here's a sessional yeah the shed man
okay he needed two stickers but he did
that all himself to Jackson from he was
popped in he's got it ours next oh good
honey
well it says your name on it can you
find one with your name on it
what no you better look look at the
names yep that one has your name on it
yeah so beautifully furniture come it's
in a performance our competitions of
performance or that's confusing we're
not competing you saying he's performing
and we're getting ready we're actually
are not in a competitive show group so
you are never going to be competing just
say no wait why do we never know who's
best I need to know who's best I mean so
it's gonna wear these diamonds on a
right eye and these stars on each you
had a chocolate cookie to me is this
beautiful sunshiny day that we're having
so we're getting our makeup our glitter
it's our makeup hair and flips ready
okay turn after so cute and they don't
know their true uniforms in yet so cute
okay next it's time for me to get you
out pretty my lord
here's the final look
all of these stockings hung with care
and gentle abode from the four-year-old
hand so this is the last day we'll be
signing calendars well the kids and
Colette they signed all of these while I
was gone so my job is to finish signing
all of these box them up over to send
them out to you guys tomorrow morning so
we have officially signed 2,000
calendars 2,000 of you will be getting
signed calendars if you didn't get one I
am so sorry I know it's a major
disappointment
they went fast the first thousand went
way faster than I think anybody thought
so even if you feel like you ordered at
the very beginning and you didn't get a
side calendar you're probably just a
little like barely barely missed it
these are gonna kids from a cheerleader
look look just try it
ah thank you there's no world shake your
head shake your head go no dog dog dog
you want me to do it I can't do it with
one hand a Maya reindeer oh you're so
cute let's try it one more time ah
alright we're going to see the girls
cheer performance little rock tart has
his backpack on I don't know what he has
in there he's already the girls are
pretty nervous after a baby I got home
to squash like dad can I please go
practice our cheer performance with
Braley I gotta know it so they're in
here getting warmed up it smells like
popcorn in here I like it that's a lot
of pom-poms in there all right in there
warming up for their performance an
idiot just stood about chemistry where
they're doing it oh yeah
she did it over there she's way over
there there she did it again
he's here I can't wait for her to do it
in the performance you know how you get
super nervous and sometimes you screw it
up because you're nervous in the
performance I hope she can do it and for
it off hi oh just the lip gloss yet do
it so pretty okay there it is that's
right oh yeah let's do this
hey no wrestling during the cheer
performance Cooper : you can't take out
a four year old
okay that's how your first year of
cheerleading it's just kind of run
around and just hope you know what
you're doing
don't get in no hitting misfits your
bucket
good job Daxton quit double fisting that
your fifth sisters are performing I'm
thirsty dad
hey did you like that performance was
that a good performance
he was cheering for you all right all
done how do you feel about your
performance we're not getting a treat
you did a great job
I saw dia nice back handspring by the
way give me five too slow just slow just
slow too slow
Oh so my guess was slow nobody guys like
on molasses huh huh so do you guys want
me to show you a real pretty cute girl
who's doing a dance as she's washing the
counters catchy it's it's a near one
Feliz Navidad Feliz Navidad
can I get a difference
I like you dancing I like it I like I
forgot to vlog tonight at the crossface
we shot klutz in her workout gear
because we shot more of the music video
at the CrossFit gym tonight should we
address the calendar situation there's
some people who are very upset that they
didn't get a signed calendar I forgot
about this last year the same thing
happened where people thought they were
in the first thousand that's like so
rodeo or maker shop they came to me this
year and they said hey do you want to
charge extra to get a signed calendar
I'm like no I don't want to charge
people money to have my signature sort
of what we've always done the last two
years anyways and this happened last
year is we sign the first thousand
because it's tough to get the kids to
sit down and sign a thousand calendars
but then people see us signing them in
the vlogs and they get so excited and
they think they're getting a signed one
and then they get the thing in the mail
and it shows up on their front door and
they open it they're like oh I hope it's
one of the ones that rocked hard rode on
and they don't get a signed one and
they're so disappointed and then breaks
with her and wide forgot I started
seeing the tweets pour in today because
a bunch of people got their calendars
today thanks for sending me pictures I
love seeing them and a bunch of people
are mad because I didn't get signed ones
you got to remember that we didn't
promise anybody anything we said we had
signed the first thousand which we did
we signed the first thousand so the
first thousand people will get a signed
calendar and if you weren't in the first
thousand I'm sorry they get they sell
really quick and you probably just
barely barely missed it anyways
so we apologize we appreciate your
support I wish we could sign all of them
I really do
I wish we could individually write a
poem to each and every one of you but
there's too many we can and I apologize
so we try to sign as many as possible
this is the last couple hundred that I'm
signing all the kids and Colet signed
all of these while I was gone
bless Colette's heart for doing that
while I was not here because that's a
major chore to get all these kids to sit
down and sign by yourself it's usually a
two-man task but cool that is great I'll
tell you what don't come any closer I'll
have to blur it out because you look so
good in those pants nope I'm unzoom you
have a tiny little head
also it's 121 in the morning where are
you up so late tonight extra motivation
for thing the kitchen is I have a busy
day tomorrow because it'll be the last
shopping day I have without the kids
because they're gonna be out of school
and I need to have all day to get that
finished yeah and I gotta get the rest
of these sign cuz the truck is coming
tomorrow and then we'll be done with
calendars I feel like I hear kolja
vlogging in the garage and I feel like
the reason that she's vlogging in the
garage is because I just went and asked
her to get her camera and I feel like
she doesn't have enough footage because
sometimes I'm like let get more footage
and so I think she wants to get more
footage of course she gives me the
camera right oh you're vlogging in there
okay that you're in there vlogging is
not happy
I hear it's 1:30 in the morning your
jovi old Saint Nick this time I told
them that your I thought you're in there
vlogging cos you didn't get enough
footage today so you're trying to get
enough footage before you give me your
camera
it's kidding no I really did well
I wanna wish you a Merry Christmas from
bottom um ah haha hey thanks for
watching today's she turns vlog it is
soon ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
of all ages the Shaytards Christmas
special will be in one week from today
is that right
son of a scallywag let me yes siree Bob
today is Thursday the 18th I think in
one week from today the Shaytards
Christmas special will be upon us how
long will it be will they go to the gym
who will show up will there be a special
guest I don't know I have no idea I
don't have any of that plant I hope it's
good I know that there's a lot of like
you guys are all talking it up a lot I
hope it's good
I mean I'll film a bunch of stuff and
maybe it'll be fun
ok I love you thanks click on something
click on it click click on it I don't
care what it is just click on it we'll
see you tomorrow
