Juma's daddy yeah yeah I miss him too
Yolo how are y'all doin today are my
glasses dirty can you tell
okay now I'm having a little play date
with this little girl yeah I look girl
friend we are going to return a stroller
because I bought a stroller cuz I
thought that I lost by what stroller
that goes with his car seat that I love
and so I bought a different stroller and
I didn't like it so I was gonna return
it anyway and then grab a found my
stroller you know what I thought I did
with it guys I thought that I drove off
without putting it in the car because
I've done that before moms out there
have you ever done that before I've
never left the child in the stroller so
that's a good thing but I get all the
kids in the car I get the kid out of the
stroller put him in the car I get the
stuff out of stroller put it in the car
and then I Drive away
hi guys away and I don't have my
stroller yeah I dropped rude I left
Earth Roller hot I did it I did it yeah
I've done it a few times I'm not gonna
lie oh I thought that's what happened
but no I just left it at her house oh-oh
can't give me another one oh he dropped
it I know it was sad look hot cheetos
that one's dead now they have to throw
it in the garbage
oh it's thrown away I'm sorry you can't
eat that one Cheetos do you guys
remember this shirt this used to be
rocked her shirt I know it fits him i
just opened a box of clothes that used
to be brock is so weird because it seems
like it was just yesterday that he was
wearing those clothes it's so sad
no no I'll go no no no no no no no no
bomb no no no no
no no that's why here in my mind when he
does that dude you're gonna get all
dizzy you're gonna give yourself shaking
baby stop stop stop
that's all I want for Christmas is baby
laughter dodo dodo dodo
what are you doing I'm trying to beat
the hardest song on the world of candy
crush candy crush I think you've already
be fat you are the candy for your levels
last ticket to pass to the other home oh
man I'm so proud of you what an
accomplishment
ah
okay so the reason that they are all
singing that is because they keep
arguing oh do you guys ever do that or
do you have kids that do that well I've
noticed that this happens often when dad
leaves after a few more days it's like
they're all getting just I don't know
they get at each other and it's like dad
has this way of bringing funny into our
day and sometimes I have it but not very
often and usually he's the one that
brings like the Juvia spirit into the
home and we're missing that and so they
were all signing calendars I was making
dinner all I could hear was bicker
bicker bicker bicker breaker breaker
breaker back back it makes me crazy
so I finally after getting after him for
it I'm like okay let's just sing so now
they're all singing instead and that's
how we're going to get through this
calendar signing is by singing dad calls
with I don't hear you
I guess I'll have to learn it well did
the singing work to help you guys stop
fighting
I know kind of a little bit we'll work
on it
we're having a vyas favorite tonight's
spaghetti and this little guy like six
like it and we just finished all the
2008 seriously did you guys did a great
job
you finished going with it especially
you because I know how hard it is for
you you are the youngest one signing
calendars well
- him but she signed all of them he
assigned maybe 20 what are you doing
are you eating socks what'd you do I
think it's time there you go you got it
think it's time for a bath babies and
spaghetti they're always a mess
yeah all right rock hard and I can't
sleep we're waiting for daddy to get
home so we're hanging stockings bags
these were the nice talking's that
somebody made for us this is very
special
you know well who's sitting next to
oldest after Avia no the Emmy is my best
friend
oh you're so cute okay you just put them
wherever you want I'll fix it later
it's usually how things go with my
stocking great all right can you hang
him over you want you miss daddy yeah
yeah I miss him too true a pretty cool
stocking dude that's pretty cool
okay I'm home from Philadelphia and I
got Carly a present while I was there
because I am such a good big brother
I want to
right now plus I feel bad because we've
gone to two NFL games and they didn't
like your blogging town okay here's the
guys I said I bought you this because I
love you and I want you to have nice
things
well I feel kind of bad that we never
invited you twice now oh okay I want you
to know that this is nice and expensive
so you better like it
oh dude that's what I hope it's the
right size cuz that's the smallest a hat
oh you guys will be like oh Prescott
Charlie's on the money look at that
that's sweet
do you like it I'm gonna get Butler put
on the back like I'm gonna vomit that's
nice right be like is it fair yeah line
it up have you gotten a scarf before no
that's a nice scarf
I don't sorted these are like I'm going
to create a bot Broncos room I just hang
something wrong I'm wearing this the
long tail of you yeah you don't have to
lie do you like it right
anything else buddy yeah it's funny all
right
I collect is not a fan of the yo mama
jokes but Gavin came up with a good one
today I think this one's funny I've
never heard this one before have you
heard this one
I saw her on a YouTube video so you
stole it all right you almost so fat
that when she wanted to harm it how
cheeky no no no no no no no you thought
wrong
I'm not doing the job you know the joke
you can Adela throg I say it's a funny
joke that it's right here mo so ugly
that when she wanted 200 how she came
out with the job application ha ha ha
get outta here yo mama your mama's
sweater is so ugly that she looks like
she's so on the side of a road in
Arizona Highway
love you not my tonight at the sweater
party come here give me kiss on my face
hey we're shooting a music video today
like we're shooting a music video the
next three days and I'll shave my beard
I just need to keep my my beard for the
music video okay and then did you see my
it's the apocalypse
copy January dude if there's an
apocalypse I will want my beard okay can
I keep my beard for the apocalypse
whatever she's happening before the
apocalypse and I will not have that
beard at my anniversary wow I love that
bushy all right that reminds me of the
lady who has the snake heads on the Toy
Story or on monsters Incan Gesell's like
oh yeah like your little snake that
comes in yes all right
tell me some more mama jokes okay
anymore yes so fat that she got arrested
for carrying ten pounds of crap but she
didn't have any drugs on her that's the
other part of the joke they need to say
all right so I'm whether you're learning
those at school yeah just don't tell
them in polite company look you guys
don't mind do you
it's makeup thirty here at the Shaytards
everybody like we're gonna apply some
foundations and some creams and some
powders and some pups reaction yeah
what's going on what's going on
she we're just getting her a little ha
ha ha ha we're just getting a little
dolled up for the video music video
deadweight loopers no goobers yeah yeah
little kitty right now are you done okay
on this does she need undereyes stuff I
don't know not too much let me see I
know but does your dark circles oh those
bags under your eyes are Prada I just
saw that on an internet meme today isn't
that great
like this yes I think no don't you're
gonna mess up your face okay come on we
gotta go we're losing the light for
realsies go where's your coat that we
gonna wear let's go come on up to the
top of the mountain Rapunzel Blake we're
in the shot just look in the camera
right at me look at the Blake look into
the camera Emmy Lou goody that again
she's a dancing queen only who rise or
not that's cool new cheerleading get
Zeke back there see cute look go back
there you look cool back there you go
back there what welcome out out 100
all right the studios are finally being
used check this out smokey wow there's
so much smoke is so cool
that's cool watches we can't see it
never does it justice in the camp yeah
yep yep oh yeah yeah don't look sick
yeah and we can get more than that I'm
sure of it yeah okay look at this
oh it's great step back okie dokie you
must be lazy time around the couch a
that what time it is
avi hurt her foot because it hurt she
cut it I had to ban ginger up I bandaged
her up did I do a good job at first-aid
I saved your life seriously huh so many
kisses better I'll get a better look
j√∂rg she was in the shop what happened
you're climbing on something unzipping
and then this like metals things scraped
me honey it's pretty deep like it I was
for a second thing and she needed
stitches but no I just closed it up with
those band-aids are you sure we'll put
out doggy the darts on my forehead you
guys were so sad we have to go to moms
and pay our respects to Donny here's is
it bed I feel like it's been three or
four I got another yeah you're shooting
there's a there's a vlog we talked about
this just recently there's a vlog where
we were playing nerve like you guys were
on one take Sunday and it got shot up
there and it just fell down we're
getting off the plane and mom texted me
and said we have bad news and I was like
what
she's like Donny the dart felt I tell
you guys Donny the dart fell Donny fell
you guys sad he did yeah Donny fell he's
at grandma's house where
about design you got dibs on him what
are you gonna do with them you better we
better make a sign oh yeah oh you going
where
oh the rhinoceros over announcers baby
there's mom
whoo whoo what Brock what are you doing
bro-heem whoo I like that shirt
what are you doing dude gymnastics we're
just all hanging out you guys got to go
to bed is it a school night yeah it's a
school night
I just need always Christmas movies on
oh thank you for watching Santa Claus
movies I can't know we're all honest
about you you're beautiful
oh yeah that's so funny this is a
beautiful deal I want to hold that baby
to to bring me the baby bring it down me
the baby
I must own the Royal baby amazing it's
late
bring me the baby child seven now before
us going we shouldn't give the baby a
pen seven child bring me the baby
thanks hi hi I missed you oh look a
partisan shoulder he lovest thou me how
thus love is saw his father Oh father
poke him in the eye with weird thumb
that's how much he loves me too jab me
square in my eyeball at the point of his
thumb thanks dude
hey get your motor runnin head out on a
highway little baby gangster
- hey seventh child
go get me a foot massage like waiting
socks look at these socks
hey I'll let you guys stay up late if
you rub my feet that's a good deal
always tip till midnight oh god don't
you stay up till midnight here you say
it's a minute rub my feet Gavin come on
no occasion there's been hey watch watch
good Jess oh thank you yes yes oh wow
got a good finish good kisser Frank is a
cookie
I think he's their best kissing baby
he's the most he's the most willing to
give love I think out of all the babies
most women mm kiss mommy kiss your mommy
your mother okay okay he's a get on my
face enough kisses you guys we get it
you love me I know oh you're so clingy
sometimes we're thinking that dachshunds
showing off for everybody you don't know
what laughs hey where's your nose
where's your nose hey I want to give
props to Brock today for being a very
good big brother
present for hit for Christmas listen to
this we are taking a shower and I was
giving these guys a shower and we were
in there and they were playing with
their toys and Daxton swung out like
that and hit Brock in the face and
Brock's like no Dax no hitting and then
right after that dachshund swings like
you know how he puts his hand way over
his head and swings as hard as he can
and it hits Brock right in the eye
just like that saw like so so hard like
so hard that it like you know Tony hit
you that hard like makes you mad like
immediately we're just like so mad and I
was like oh Brock's gonna whack him back
I totally thought Brock was in a sock
him right in the nose and brought jumped
up cuz like it's like he really whacked
him hard
Brock jumped up and grabbed axton's hand
and I was like okay here it goes here it
goes I thought Brock was just gonna
whack him really hard like I didn't
think a four-year-old had that much
patience
anyways broth grabs Jackson's hand goes
nice Daxton nice and I was so proud of
you and I told him he was such a good
big brother to his little brother yes he
was so patient I bet ya at your age I
would have punched Casey right square in
his face as hard as I could of I
probably I did that a couple days ago
actually because he was getting on my
nerves is how much Brett was punching
alright yeah at the at the moment he was
most justified to use violence he didn't
he encouraged soft and love and soft
niceness so I wanted to say tell
everybody that he's a very good brother
Gavin we all know you're the best
brother so we don't need to tell crappy
stories about how you're such a good
brother all right we get it
alright it's bedtime they go regular bed
go get your monkey jammies on
they're dirty alright bedtime we love
you guys so good to be back together
again sing a song sing for me sing it
now one time back together again yeah
we'll come back together again per count
our back together again bond on bond
back together again
bom-bom-bom back together back yeah I
just made up all righty last words yes
what cheer performance
oh yeah vulgar we're going to school if
we're good wake up early
get away all right see ice tomorrow
bring it bring it come on Shh so my
credit Oh Oh got him right oh oh gee I
hope you're lying on Brock Oh
sounds like we got a crybaby in the
halls must be bad times see you tomorrow
oh you're not crying yet hold on let me
get your friend there you go now she's
crying you all right
I think rocks okay you a wrestle what he
passed on when he Brussels oh yeah
that's everybody gang up on Gavin
tomorrow all right
okay guys soon by the way we found
another way what Oh how's it feeling I'm
not gonna be okay with her ready
here comes Brock catch Avia hey can you
catch your sister yeah watch out bro
better watch out okay catch her what no
my heart is head I can't hear this I
don't
right I don't want to watch out camera
shame through into my office okay ready
yeah I have a zipper on my back it'll
track so it's mama transistor all right
mama tarde has agreed to do it she has a
she had a zipper zipper on this shirt
yeah
all right here we go
play the game
my god
Hey the stockings from the mantel
well they all - embers
the children
of impossible
