Oh how many guys
how many guys how many times do you guys
think you guys I love it
happy Sunday you guys and you guys
haven't seen the video yet go click on
the link I'm gonna leave it in the
description um it's it's awesome it's a
beautiful video and even if you're not
Christian or don't believe in Christ or
you know we agree to disagree
that Christ is our Savior even if you
don't agree with that um I think that we
can all agree that the video is
inspiring and it it builds hope that's
the idea she was doing nothing little
dancey pants in the background
anyway so it's would take Sunday Shay is
in Philadelphia at a football game and
he is probably freezing his butt off oh
it looks so cold there huh
I would like to say that I want wish I
was there but I kind of don't because I
like being in the warm cozy house and
being able to watch a football game on
TV um so I'm excited for him that he got
to go that's a cool experience and he
went with Casey I think he's hanging out
with Edie and Jessi it's gonna be cool
um anyways and we still have some sack
salander's we have calendars that we're
gonna shine some salamanders with
salander's yes yes everybody you'll get
them in the mail and they'll be signed
ok um no calendars that we are still
signing Shay is going to come back and
sign the rest of them tomorrow but we're
going to try to get as many as we can
today today is the last day to order
stuff from maker shop any Shaytards or
shaycarl gear to still get it in time
for Christmas so I mean to have it
guaranteed by Christmas today is the
last day so go order some if you want
any Shaytards gear for christmas
otherwise um you can have them for the
new year
anyways what are you doing I got routed
that me oh no with nerf guns yeah I know
what nerf guns are they're just love
bullets no they're shooting they're love
bullets that's why you shoot you because
he loves you it's the crowd he could
believe that mom oh good go get shot
again see you later
Oh Oh nerf guns um I did want to say one
thing about the Christmas video that
went up it was a really awesome
experience being a part of it my nose is
all stuffed up sorry guys um and I've
kind of had mixed emotions lately about
it not wha okay how do I explain this um
what are you guys doing the
I told you they're love bullets I'm
trying to shoot them with your love
bullet yeah Oh you can't shoot him that
close no I wish you'd be good yeah kids
anyways I was thinking about this so
here we are going to this large nativity
scene to you know celebrate the birth of
Jesus and his life and what he what he
did for us you know what we believe he
did for us what I believe he did for us
and you know and then we have people who
are suffering in our lives like Molly's
family who just lost her and Denise who
just lost her mother and it's such a
it's an interesting time of year to lose
somebody because it's it's like the
people around you are trying to be
joyful in the holiday spirit and feel
all this happiness and you inside you
feel all the sorrow for the loss of your
loved ones um you know my mom passed
away in October so it wasn't quite the
holiday season but I remember that
feeling of like everyone's so happy and
and just missing her and having that
ache and that pain in that sorrow and I
was thinking about that as I was
watching the activity video and I
thought what is the real meaning of
Christmas its Christ that's what we
celebrate we celebrate his birth but
what he actually did for us what I
believe he did for us was that he did
suffer for all of our pains he suffered
for all those sorrows and that he has
overcome death ultimately he overcame
death he was resurrected and we will be
able to overcome that because he did um
anyways I'm gonna preach you anymore
brother
Colette stairs you're talking about
dude yes I am because that's what I
believe and whether you do or not I just
want to let Denise and Molly's family
know and anybody else out there that is
suffering and you know whatever it may
be a death of a loved one somebody
that's hurt you trying to forgive
somebody guilt for things that you've
done um just anything any pains that you
have any hate any anger that you're
harboring um Christ can take all that
away and I just done that for me anyways
but I'm glad here I go again
so uh anyways this is not Shay's one
take guys it's mine cuz he's in
Philadelphia so I can say whatever I
want and I do have to say look how cute
this is they can set up a little library
on the window
that's cute ah anyways I I genuinely
love you guys I want you to know that
after going to those meetups this week
for the Deseret book signing for our CD
which thank you guys for anybody that's
ordered it or just listen to it these
guys are loud hey I'm shooting do we
need to fit in you on the corner and
sorry and
what I was going to say I don't remember
anymore
um yes going to the meetups and seeing
all of you guys
hold on I'm looking for the light switch
there we go um it was awesome you guys
are all so supportive and awesome
so all right no I think we need to go I
think we need to go shoot somebody with
a nerf gun all right I think this is it
this is one not fair we're gonna have to
all get nerf guns so that we can all
gang up on where did he go
oh he's in the map here now good he's
stinky anyways happy Merry Christmas
guys happy Sunday happy holiday times
hey what's happening he's shocked hey
what do you guys think we should do
should we gang up on him
should we King up on him hey we came up
on him know when he gets out of the
bathroom let's go attack him okay should
we this is real life this is one take
this is really what's happening right
now okay you guys I love you che have a
great time in Philly
we'll see you when you get home we'll
have some calendars signed and hopefully
I'll have some laundry folded I'm not
even gonna turn the camera around on
this one all right I love you guys I'll
see you next time
kids what do you want to say to
everybody what okay yeah you missed boom
all right love you guys let's go get
some calendar sign oh and we're gonna
watch che on the TV on the big game I
bet you we're gonna get a shot of him
somewhere on the jumbotron or something
it'll be fun
all right stop crying what does it
matter give him the gun let him try you
already shot it a few times
I think I know what we're gonna have to
get everyone for Christmas all right
yeah I'm really leaving love you guys
I'll see you next time hi oh don't
forget calendars and this is this maker
shop if you want to order anything from
for shade hard stuff before Christmas ok
goodbye let's see if I can push the
button
