or don't eat it
Trevor home was wrecked we're skiing
today guys we're at targhee Grand
Targhee ready we gonna be honestly this
getting all booted up but we're like in
a passion ice right here alright here we
go
first time of the 2014 season this is my
favorite part listen listen listen
listen I love that sound
we are locked and loaded ready to fly
captain okay guys first I'm going
straight off this way ready
question is are you let's watch that in
slow-mo chicas so weird
hey little Apple baby oh we have to stay
in there I'm sorry hey guys so Shay is
skiing today I'm glad he went skiing it
was about time he isn't in skiing for so
long I'm anxious to see how he did cuz I
told him to be really careful um as far
as I know he didn't break anything so
that's a plus um I feel like poopoo cuz
I woke up with a big sinus pressure
right here and a sore throat but I am oh
she's working on it really wet in her
and she was sleeping and I feel her I'm
like okay go just even I ran out yeah
you my kids are being very sweet they're
helping me with this little guy so I
could lay down for a little while and
now it's time to uh time to get some
stuff done get some stuff done before
daddy gets home I'm going to style and I
can't find my book or my shirt yeah ah
man that I don't know what have I told
ya
put it in the same place every time
well that's part of being a parent
repetition kids need repetition to learn
right right I guess he doesn't know I
haven't taught you repetition yet
repetition okay so we we need to go
number 20 do that's number eight thirty
seventy nine on the lesson menu - oh
we're way ahead right where else and all
right and we need to go find two more of
these hooks because these are the hooks
that I'm buying to hang the stockings
from the mantle and the stockings from
the mantel
I'm tired guys I'm sorry you might get a
little goofy Colette today because when
I'm sick I get a little loopy little
loopy hmm okay I'll pull it together
okay - okay
hi it's fantastic out here and it's
windy it's really windy I apologize for
the wind they actually shut down the
main lift because there's 50
mile-an-hour winds up here but it's
clear and gorgeous throw some music in
here Shay we'll get rid of this wind
check this out you go for a little ride
right with
so for the right okay shake
whoops I knocked down the slope sign I
better pick that back up
shut up
you've got enough air I got that link
nice Red Eagle dude dude I just looked
at the footage
Ellis alaric spread eagle through the
air baby
alright so we're trying to do off this
junk we've been building but we kind of
keep going kids store in a car we're
going to a star in the car okay go away
Brad tell you cops just arrived
something bad is happening in Albertsons
and commies normal and not you gotta sit
down and be a good example remember guys
so I don't know if I trust these guys
driving skills but we just got to hold
on put your seat belts out and hold on
guys
well we tried to land the backflips we
could it but we we flipped which is in
land and the landing part that's not
important as long as you do the Flip
part that's the important part about the
backflip the landing okey dokey we're
back from skiing and I had a great time
you guys have a good time today yeah
yeah all right you guys we have a very
special announcement Gavin my son my
firstborn yes please give them this most
important announcement so the
announcement you know how I did that
breaking up with the Angels thing yeah
the world records record will the video
for the nativity scenes he is live ok
let's watch it go back to the first part
where we start at the beginning
dude this song is amazing Peter Hollens
David Archuleta some of the best artists
you could ever imagine
it came out good you guys watch it all
it sounds so good the camerawork
everything is perfect Peter with those
pipes show me David Archuleta show me up
listen I have one thing to say about
this video and this is it it's it's I'm
saying go watch it links below it came
out really good we are so honored to be
a part of this please go watch it it's
so good links below check it out
you girls hairstyles baby up :
your dad
you guys if I'm on an airplane right now
30,000 feet above the ground with my bro
okay sir played two guys and my brother
Katie I'm here to KCCI I ran into the
Philadelphia Eagles Dallas Cowboys
football game this Sunday they're tied
at nine and four and you're lookin to go
to and I'm looking for a long time let
me guys wanna hear plenty public
anywhere I gotta go we'll see tomorrow
back
