hi I'm logging here alright let's get
this day started right let's get this
party started quickly alright here's the
situation we have three numskulls in the
back seat ready to go to CrossFit so I
was gonna go to school but then I got
fit and in the morning I was like what
is mom gonna wake me up that's what
you're like how do you feel now should I
take you to school
see she knows she knows if she says she
feels better that I'll take her back to
school so she's like uh I'm a little bit
better but not good enough
definitely no no not good enough to go
into a public place I might infect
everybody Salyer is that how you are
Brock you a go to CrossFit okay mom is
in Provo Utah today at a meet and greet
at the Deseret book with her dad and her
sisters and her brother for the cross
family album sparrow in the birch so I
got all the kids all day and she's just
having a grand old time cut to her
footage she's probably looking really
pretty I bet right crew guess where I am
check out all these guitars it is old
Mike Warner one look what yes I will do
whatever you want dad
as long as I can vlog well I do it's
read an old guitar shop I wanted my
dad's our best friend resolution and
it's just there's so much I'm Supergirl
be funny banjos its bento box all right
you guys remember my buddy Trevor I've
been doing Crossfit with what are you
doing bro you're rolling out your bicep
I'm all sore else or too fat not sure
how much have you lost just over 10 10
pounds that's good I'm impressed
the stuff it works wiggity
seriously this brings back memories to
me just instruments good old instrument
this is Harry Potter's if you pick your
wand think the broom but you want a Gaza
burden this is one of my dad's favorite
places to eat and it's actually in an
old Weaver's this is what winger's looks
like and it's now virgin summer his
favorite thing is the fish and chips at
virgins so we're going to merge it
hopefully whatever I eat is not going to
impair my vocal chords even more than
they already are cuz I'm all stuffed up
because we're gonna be singing at the
beat oh look at this this is totally new
year's in here
look at those oh I can't read were
scrubbing so many of these tables so
much scrubbing so many tables okay now
we're doing a little ski shopping cuz me
and Trevor going skiing tomorrow so I'm
looking for some real ski boots
alright back up your big blonde
bombshell all right who's got a stinky
diaper you one go change your bum I'm go
change your bun yeah I know I can smell
it a stinky hey do you want to change
your brother's diaper for a field trip
yeah oh okay I just thought I'd ask
alright next and let's go change your
poopy alright we're here in Midtown was
just setting up for our meet up at our
CDs all out so we're getting ready I'm
excited dad are you excited I'm excited
to have fun and play well you're
handsome as ever thank you and your hats
flipped down not up
we're good this lady's wantin by here oh
sorry no I'm enjoying the entertainment
Merry Christmas marry me a thousand
times I wanna know you're mine mine so
baby please don't
Oh
love me till the end of time
I wanna hang your stocking next to my
when when I hey there he is little man
is ripe jarred hey did you do that like
you're making your brother laugh he
thinks you're funny hey did you do your
mohawk Brock yeah get on my face Punk
did you do that did you comb it yeah it
looks really good
makes you turn your head to the side
turn the side that's backwards turn
eighty degrees back you numbskull just
want a knuckle sandwich what do you want
for dinner knuckle sandwich huh or a
headlock I want a knuckle sandwich or a
headlock or both oh yeah oh dang sorry
bro so let me fix it simply fix it that
okay I'm gonna watch it Rick
these Trig's wait we're hanging out in
the room with Rufus Rufus just woke up
from a nap so Amy I think fake sick
today
listen Amy you can be honest with me now
the day is over look the Sun has set you
didn't go to school there's no chance of
you happy to go to school today
were you really sick this morning where
are you running but you didn't seem sick
at all all day you sound like you're
fine oh oh and this little guy just woke
up from a nap
good thing he's in a good mood I changed
the biggest grossest diaper oh it was
Colette I know she's gonna tell me you
don't change enough but everybody wants
to know why are you so violent why are
you getting right in the camera bro do
you think that's funny is that funny to
you is it that's broccoli that stuff's
funny like anything it's money too
anyways stop don't push the balloon
mohaka man oh you may
mad now you're gonna get a freakin
mesosphere you need to be nice nice your
little broader hold on I got to make
Maxim happy okay he's okay
you're right I know he punched your
balloon that was not very thoughtful why
would he punch your balloon out your
balloon not his he woke up from a nap so
he's in a very fragile state if you
punch his balloon he's likely to blow up
yep really mad okay but I kind of like
it cuz he's all cuddly now it gives me
hugs
Oh watch squeeze him I just want to
squeeze this little balloon who want to
kill him oh oh no I think I'm gonna
tickle him I'm gonna do have you had to
collect kinetically eleven and I'm gonna
tick tick tick tick as well no he wants
to smile he wants the Fiat smiling baby
yeah a little smile I did can have a
kiss gimme kiss have it yes can we kiss
mmm now give me forehead kisses that is
all you receive kiss mm-hmm
you're tired this boring baby Tartan all
right I'll cut all this out she think
that's boring shaking - point I'm a
giver taste come on you gotta kisses I'm
like a girl kisses I love you I love it
he's so cuddly you kiss gimme kiss him
kiss him kiss have kiss do I look good
hey more forehead kisses okay all right
let's go we got a wee dinner
let's go dinner grandma's coming over
grandma's coming well what's your
grandma swoozie grandma I love him I
love you you grumpy pants
oh there's a smile Oh check out
Shaytards count the church
ah
oh then a Winterkorn settle we were
talking Thank You Cyrus easterlies
didn't so birdsong else boomer this is
Christmas Day
sing-sing sparrow in the birch through
the winter morning ring ring bells of
the church
stop the stars and for the Hat song
join the dance down all the old ball
come on
who goes there do you see that look how
big that candle looks on the wall I
think it's from the UC though it's a
great candle I'm not looking I'd not
look at it
no I didn't hey how's CrossFit
all right Grandma and Grandpa are coming
they said they're bringing enchiladas
how'd you like CrossFit oh sorry
high legs really Oh Kenny mix laning
it's so hard
we got a fiber search you're sure yeah
Frank Sammy I want you to shout out to
everybody and Shay I'm sorry can I meet
you but we'll get you next time with
problems okay you're ours your eyes
right now my ammo meet ours
well we're done with it what was his
face mid ville we've done with the mid
bell Meetup and it went well her than I
thought I'm gonna lose my kids
delays are count Callie I met better but
I just thought it was funny because I
accidentally said that earlier when I
tried to recreate it wasn't it funny
when I recreated it but that's what
happens maybe it really did go well we
actually performed twice and I met a lot
of really amazing people that made me
cry I had to say hamburger a lot and it
was cool because they actually reminded
me to say hamburger oh my god you know
me that's what I love about you guys as
you do you know me and I'm gonna cry
again hamburger okay well I guess
because I was like
- hamburger right it's a song singing
I'll tell you up alright so we've come
to an impasse and the only way to
overcome an impasse and a sibling
rivalry is of course the rock paper C's
Hatter's now many of you will you know
debate about the proper way to
Rochambeau but there is one there is an
elephant an elephant a person in an ant
that makes no sense that's ridiculous
anyways okay are we ready so they're
fighting about who sits first in the
sign the calendars line because get this
and it's a ridiculous reason whoever's
in first is the first person done
signing by like two seconds because it's
like he's science he's science and then
we get to the last one he signs it and
passes it could be like I'm done and
then two seconds later she signs the
last one it passes it and she's done but
apparently that's a big deal okay so we
have to it's come to a Rock Paper
Scissors to see who gets to be first
best out of three whatever let's see it
go rock day precision Oh Gavin with an
early lead hi oh god bean aboot ladler
means the first buzzy Jean he's he's
making it rain Hey no you won't we're
all smudge your face yeah that's right
goofy
hey watermelon boy so proud of you you
guys he's eaten six watermelons today
yes he had he has yeah he's eaten six
whole watermelons believe it or not he
has done it what are you doing buddy
look at show hey can you show these guys
your new toys I'm gonna show him show
him real quick hurry Trevor my buddy
today gave Brock all of these they're
his sons old toys and Brock has been
taking them everywhere he goes Brock's
watching YouTube videos guess who else
is watching YouTube videos his twenty
dudes do you have you named them all yet
No then Brock comes and he watches car
videos superhero videos
he watches Easter egg videos how's your
YouTube viewing experience and every
once in a while he'll watch the
Shaytards
vlog huh do you like the Shaytards yeah
of course he does oh you want watermelon
too all right there's a huge one over
here which makes them be hot bad Khmer
do it I'll cut your piece is she
complaining about not being first
you lost Flay via fab M squadala the
erosion boss alright broccolis
you want and a whole piece or slices
okay you're getting slices decided for
you
I made your decision guaranteed I get
watermelon cutting comments
that's not how to wash dish and say
everything this guy dude on YouTube
we've got a watermelon up put on the
internet' see that's right I saw let me
just say this if there is any and I mean
you name it
watermelon meme I've seen it I've seen
all watermelon things you could ever
imagine
here you go I took about that love you
all right let's get Sun grandma grandpa
should be here with enchiladas shortly
all right you guys we are at the where
are we Aurum signing at the Deseret book
and this is the group that we it's a
super long line let me run down like
organize the hiding behind the car oh my
gosh thank you guys so much so I want to
ask you guys do you want us to sing
first or do you want us to start signing
so you get the line moving
and then sing any thoughts nobody cares
signing first okay cool I'm gonna go
with what's your name Katie we're gonna
go with KITT what Katie says thanks
Katie
all right so we have last night when we
were having our race to see who could
unwrap the five calendars the fastest we
have found that Gavin scratched one of
the calendars if you look closely there
is a very sharp scratch across mommy
tarts throat bro that dude so I said who
did this Dada Gavin and he said I'm
sorry but I decapitated my mom only on
accident Gavin the Navy is like rude
anyways one of you are going to give
that little that little storyboard you
don't have a nice shirt on that too like
you
so we're writing little different things
on them for the funds of it oh my lucky
stars do we get grandma tart and two
daily Jade heart blogs oh those look
good did you start damn it yeah 3:51
like I know why food this looks so good
oh I can smell the onions look what the
home teachers brought over we got a
delicious cinnamon rolls
give me story
if you ever get one
bah
knocking
Merry Christmas Mary me about that time
okay you guys I know I said that we were
gonna sign the calendars but I changed
my mind actually my mom is gonna sign
the calendars for us we finally know
that I thought this would be fun I'm
gonna sign one calendar cuz I have one
picture were you in a pennant oh you
have oh yeah there is a picture of you I
forgot
don't you can't show that you just have
to show Casey's naked puffy
you're wearing a shirt where he's
worried he's got well I can see his junk
mother here's my picture okay I need you
have a green one kiss you have green
right here you want green here's the
greens but they don't show up very good
okay then I will see your screen what is
this it looks like a navy blue navy blue
you I missed ugly fingernail
okay a d d 4e attention sign the ground
under okay I'm gonna sign right here
this is me Larry Larry Lou you know
what's so funny about seeing that
signature I've stared at that signature
so many times to try to forge it knows
like to get excused absences when will
you skip school to go ski in I'm just
like would practice mom signature or
when we brought our report cards home
and your parents had to sign them and
bring them back I practice to my mom's
signature cuz I'm gonna forward to that
that is bad advice do not kids do that
my turn so if you get this calendar with
my signature on it what you get this
calendar with your signature on it oh
yeah that is such a prize funding what
do you want to get move
nobody in it
no I don't have a minute I'll give you
money you want to put somebody in it no
no what then they have to they have to
Facebook me in oh my god trying to give
yourself a shout out long alright did
you get the calendar go message my mom
what do you want to get another calendar
yeah a shirt or something
socks ah ok ok ok mom so if you get my
mom's signature that actually is a
coupon for one free pair of watermelon
socks yes and well we're gonna have to
mark it somehow oh oh here's what we're
gonna do okay because there are people
will lie they'll say we got it so we're
gonna the state where is that wait wait
you can't lose that calendar find it
we're gonna write another word in the
counter that I'm not going to show and
in order to prove that you got the cat
the side calendar you have to send us
what that word is and we'll write it
right next to my mom's signature okay
that'll be fun and then you win a free
pair one of these cells right cool you
green already lost and she we can't find
it we can't find it it's in here
somewhere
I will know by looking at you sure do
people will Forge it find it we gotta
find it Hey what your people are not I
was just telling them how I used to
forge your name I think yes I am that
dishonest here more honest in you I
guess I am happening do you find it
yeah I did okay what you write a word in
there and that will be the I think
that's funny that's how it's like the
password there'll be a little sign in
here that um I will know okay good I'm
not gonna just tell you but you will
know shake-a okay oh yes kids yeah whoa
I'm do not draw that that is
inappropriate
I think you're so funny don't you
thank you so alright thanks for tuning
into the Laurie show everybody all right
so when you get that calendar you'll see
go to the April month and you'll see
some inappropriate drawings okay I'm
sorry that they put these stupid things
on so we have to use this knife and
everyone surround my knife does that so
that's why you have to use a butter
knife
that's the way my snowsuit knives if
you're counting now you have to write a
sorry letter Gavin I made Gavin I made
Gavin Ryder oh sorry no okay bye you
might do this to your calendar you have
an apology I mission do this like sorry
that means sorry hey guys we're almost
done with the or Meetup I'm here Charlie
never we're like that's bad yeah we are
we're like sisters the second time in
the last week I got to be Colette yeah
and a blessing well it's been a blessing
meeting you hey Shay yeah and it was a
success we had tons of you show up and
I'm gonna cry again stop it oh my gosh
my Muslim burger yes thank you for
everybody that supports us even if you
didn't get to see us thank you for
supporting us and and the family album
like we're really really grateful for
everybody that has listened to it even
so thank you I'm gonna go start up quite
back all right we have a clean-up on
aisle 12
taxi what are you doing with the rubber
bands bro oh man Dex Tony what's with
the rubber bands dude
come on Toby fun games clean up the
rubber bands clean of the rubber bands
where ya throwing harmony clean up the
rubber bands leave a TV DVD
did you get it signed let's see I see a
perfect good job dude
that's impressive oh no you got your
pajamas on it's time to go to bed
you just ate he's dirty you got dirty
face
alright so grandma grandpa just left we
got every single calendar on the
cellophane so now he's going to sign the
rest but now we have to put the kids to
bed and it's bath time for dachshund is
he got all dirty
eating these enchiladas what do you have
in your room I know I showed them I
showed them yeah you loved those huh
he's carried him around with him all day
and Emmy ended up being a little sick
she went to bed early you okay it's all
right I love you
okay go to sleep here go to sleep do you
want a drink of water anything huh
you're okay okay I love you
good night let me know I'll be in my
room if you need me think a good night
okay put your superheroes waiting get in
bed all right you guys good night I love
you we will see you tomorrow it is time
for a great white baby go get in the
bathtub I think he was just giving you
guys the look he's like quits get out of
here I want to get bath love you guys
see ya tomorrow
what child is this who laid to rest on
Mary's lap is sleeping
oh sweet while chef
char
you
