I just made dinner oh oh no what do you
mean I'm brought to you mine I have I
ate some of Bronx it's delicious she's
so hard on herself she'll make a
delicious dinner she like it sucks like
we talked about
oh yeah scrub well give me five more
helpings hi oh mylanta
look at this it is a hurricane of
calendars these ones still need to be
unwrapped
shann wrapped and signed all of these
ones we've got a long way to go though
so I'm just here going to eat some lunch
and then I'm going to start signing and
the baby's asleep rocks at school so
right now it's just full-on signing we
will have all of these calendars signed
by Shea and I many of them will be
signed by all the kids as well it just
as a matter of time getting them to sign
them so anyways Missy my lunch it's
weird
is it weird to see my lunch I never like
take pictures of my food I think it's a
little bit strange but I'm just going to
show you my lunch today and if I filter
it I'll never do it again
I made this the turkey with bad so this
is a vegetarian sandwich it's actually
really good I got cheese and I made this
awesome
rockabilly awesome cheese tomatoes and
then super greens and salt and pepper is
my secret ingredient Mayo and salt and
pepper on my sandwiches I like I like it
a lot okay day two of signing calendars
has commenced we are rushing against the
clock there's a delivery guy that's
headed up here right now to pick up as
many as we have maker shop is like you
got to get as many signed and get them
sent back to us so that we can ship them
out because they're trying to get up to
you guys by Christmas as fast as
possible but it's taking us longer than
expected because we have to unwrap every
single calendar and accent can only
unwrap like so many calendars per minute
he's really slow but we are putting him
to work this is what like 400 calorie
calendars where the cellophane looks
like
it's snowing and of course we have my
brother's kids over here doing a little
child labor to earn their keep around
here huh
what do you about child labor Brett gage
he's hungry but we said he can't leave
until he unpacks ten boxes it's true so
make sure you put a right side up you
don't want to lose a leg do you frankly
you have a good time
so Braley and gages job is to unwrap the
calendars while we sign them and then I
box them up in here and then once I box
them up in here after everybody signed
them we stack them over there so so far
we have nine boxes ready for the guy to
come pick up so we are just racing to
get as many of these signs as possible
so that we can get them sent to you guys
before Christmas you haven't gotten
yourself a 2015 Shaytards calendar you
can still get a signed one if you're
lucky there will be 1000 of these that
are just random that will just set in to
random people and then we can send you
guys this too if you want it Sullivan
we're not gonna wrap the cellophane
taxes having a good time that fun that's
fun huh yeah you playing in the
cellophane missed her I know don't
suffocate we should keep an eye on him
cellophane should've been my name mr.
cellophane gonna walk right through me
oh that I heard of Zeke barking
the delivery guy is not here yet hurry
hustle all right prophet they're playing
the pizza piea game above your head
above your head you payara
your heads bigger than you think and if
they get their pizza knocked over then
they have to do burpees on the side like
five burpees and they can get back in
one way to work now
oh um okay haha five burpees with Sam
burp it up
come on faster faster faster child labor
this is a different kind of child labor
but it's good for ants and the chore
continues this time grandma's work
you haven't finally I like to smell it's
no good
get you out of it get on stop dad's time
and change station that's a little sneak
peek of Ron's new song we're planning to
shoot the music video on next Monday I'm
really excited about a house cool job
good day at school yeah were you a good
boy
you were good that's not like to here
I'm gonna pull your ear off kay hold on
it'll just hurt for a second it'll just
hurt for a second can I just pull it off
please I just need to borrow an ear just
one ear
can I have oh this one kitty I'll just
pull this one off please I'm opposed on
ready ah can I have it can I have one of
your ears please you have two of them
just give me one could be so selfish hmm
I love you okay it's time for chicken
and mushroom pasta what for grapes this
kid is a fruity he doesn't wanna eat his
posse he just wants a great more great
how are you doing did you miss me yes at
school well you have to get so close to
the camera you guys like it good okay
good yes
that stubborn mammogram ever gone I
didn't eat a fat belly I'm sure what
that was about
look at these two best buddies hey
Daxton oh he's helping you he's helping
you two little brothers playing so
basically the only thing I've done two
things today
the only two things that I have done
today is one calendars and to get the
Shaytards vlog up other than that I
haven't done anything else I was
seriously since I woke up this morning
I've been opening taking the package off
signing boxing
yeah dude William we need to open a lot
more we got 13 boxes sent out today and
the dude who picked him up with the semi
didn't even help me they were all piled
up in here and you just sit out there by
the semi and I carried him out to him
and handed it to him then he would put
him in the back of the semi they're
heavy
thirteen boxes we were rushing rushing
rushing super strong dude I was like
pretended it was a CrossFit workout
they're big heavy ball shoes
I am what did you do today besides run
the kids all over this town oh yeah you
went met with some ladies from Archer
man that's sweet you're such a nice
woman nurse and then I just made dinner
stop oh no what do you mean I'm back to
mine I have I ate some a Bronx it's
delicious she's so hard on herself
she'll make a delicious dinner she like
it sucks like we talked about oh oh yeah
well give me five more helpings that's
what I do you've gotten a lot better at
cooking as we've been married this is
Dane good man it's like why don't you
like it what's the matter it looks so
good in the mushrooms and onions makes a
big difference
it tastes good to me weird I mean it has
I'll mow you some right now she's a
great cook and then we also found this
cake that's been in our fridge since
Thanksgiving and we're trying to decide
if it's been in there too long and if we
can eat it did Candace make that that's
with the cream cheese frosting
it's like pumpkin cream cheese frosting
I'm just gonna scoop the frosting off
anyways I'm eating dinner it's been a
long day of calendars
what are you guys doing are you sharing
with your big brother are you guys
hanging out yeah
how's CrossFit today Gavin came home and
said my legs are killing me they had to
do front squats with the bar right was
it tough yes how many did you do we had
to do four full except you had to do as
many of those as we can and I'm not sure
how many I did yeah CrossFit stuff
that's a scary face move scary Zeke what
did you do today grandma brought Brock
home and Zeke was out in the field and
mom when she pulled cuz I swear I saw a
deer out there in the field and I looked
out there it was Zeke and the dogs Zeke
and Bronx and the blondie they're all
just like running around out in the
field yeah she thought it was a deer
mom's half blind though so she'd think
Colette was a deer Oh at the beer crowd
my mom's gonna see his mom you know
you're blind I love you okay I'm a neat
dinner now we also had to run 200 meters
twice oh you did after the front squats
yeah get those legs loosened up nice
what are you doing get your nose away I
think Zeke likes your dinner oh you want
super dad oh that's mean that's cruel
no I'll make you dinner Gavin we feed
Zeke I fed him a big lunch hey I gave
Zeke
never won some of the meat game a little
chicken likes chicken
oh you did sometimes we mix a little
meat and don't show our cute alert cute
alert I had to stop dinner look cute
alert heat alert cute alert I'll be the
motor and you be the steering wheel we
make a good team
what where are you going very good buddy
you having fun are you peddling is he
pushing yeah okay where we going
hold on over to the seat is he pushing
you dude that's good for him because
that'll get him good at walking yes he's
trying to he's hooky bobbing slow down
big sister he's getting a text message
hold on who is it I gotta get this one
it's my lawyer
I hadn't signed those contracts yet
alright he's like let's get on back to
this okay
he loves it that's good for his legs for
walking well get your shirts on no shoes
no shirt no service
alright so dinners over time to do more
calendars and in regular Shaytards
fashion we have to make a competition
out of it
hold on what what what what and then I
put the great card the charger oh you
did okay awesome
thank you okay good Rox plan with the
race tracker because it was bended there
was a bent one there was a bent corner
so I gave this one to Emmy that's the
rep and that she had dachshund she had
everybody sign the count this is for her
I wrote to my Lucy Lou I love you
geobella so that's her calendar because
there was a bet corner alright anyways
anyways anyways now to the main event
whoo ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
first annual
Berlin
bah
we each have five calendars they are
wrapped in cellophane we've been talking
smack about who's the fastest time
wrapper around here this is a tool of
the trade
you need a butter knife we all have five
calendars with three of us we have a
raisin see you can unwrap their five the
fastest the winner is the honor of
unwrapping no more calendars tonight but
the two losers have to unwrap the rest
okay the winner the winner gets ice
cream okay okay ready okay on your marks
you be the judge on your marks get that
go don't bend the car Oh chance - chance
three Avia has won ah okay Gavin you
have to dish me na VI was my scream I
just wanted to mention in today's
endslate that our good friend Molly
passed away some of you may remember
when we went to VidCon last year we met
Molly she had a make-a-wish and she
chose to come to California and meet the
Shaytards
Molly had a disease of the skin disease
called EB I think it's epidermolysis
bullosa I can't really pronounce it but
she was an amazing little girl I tweeted
an article about her passing yesterday
and one thing that her sister or not her
sister but her teacher said is that
Molly had a snarky in quotations
personality and she was found humor and
everything as what her sixth grade
teacher said which is true because when
we met her at
on she was hilarious you know she owed
you doctor I'll get it I'll get it I'm
gonna leave a link today for the mystery
video from the VidCon where we met Molly
and one of my favorite parts about that
is a picture of her in Brock she really
wanted to meet Brock and he was acting
kind of shy and I don't want to like
force him to go meet her so weird like
Brock come say hi to Molly and he
wouldn't he would kept acting shy then
all of a sudden like while we're all
talking Brock came up behind her and
gave her this big like bear hug and she
was so sweet as a rock careful careful
is he like jumped on her back but she
was so sweet and she just laughed and I
got the cutest picture and I love you
Molly this makes me I don't I don't know
what to say other than I hope you hear
this somehow and I hope you know that we
love you and we're so glad that we could
have been a part of your life the short
life that it was we will be thinking
about you always so guys if you want to
leave some nice comments for Molly's mom
or maybe even you can tweet Molly you
know I'm sure her mom is reading those
I'll leave links to those those things
below but click on that mystery video
and you guys can see when we met Molly
she's such a sweet little girl we love
you guys and we'll see you tomorrow I
love you I love you okay thank you thank
you
