why do you look so mad did you see your
face why do you look so angry right
there huh were you mad you don't want to
be part of the pictures do you remember
why you don't remember yeah instead of
bad you weren't your face looks like
you're sad or mad well yeah
I'm please hat oh okay so when you guys
get the calendar and you see Brock's
face he's not sad or mad he's happy all
right little baby you want to tell him
what happened
you want to tell him oh okay so we just
came down to run some errands went to
the bank went to the post office and
then got almost all the way home which
is kind of a little drive a long drive
and realize that we forgot all the
markers to sign calendars today oh so we
had to come back we had to come back and
get marker so you can sign calendars you
want to sign calendars do you think
we'll get a signature out of him this
year Jonas I'd say I'm gonna take magic
marker all over your house mom but I
might not make it on to a calendar I
know you like sharpies but it's not
healthy for the house it's not healthy
for my furniture or my house or my face
okay no sharpie mustaches today all
right I only bought the essentials
bananas pens and sharpies and Oh what I
I didn't but my tusks in there rode hard
I told you that we're not buying those
this year these are bad for you whoops
I wasn't he laughed at me he's have
bunnies sometimes I do really well with
eating more sugar you guys and other
times I just don't do very well and the
holiday season is one of those times
where like the floodgates get open and
they just stay open until January it's
not a good thing so we are getting a
bunch of calendars today that need to be
signed and then sent back tomorrow we
were supposed to get them on Friday but
things didn't work out so we only have
like a day like we have tonight to sign
them and then get them back sent out and
we were supposed to have a church
Christmas party tonight but we may have
to miss because the calendars take
precedence over the Christmas parties so
I'm sorry for all of you the wanted to
see Christmas party footage if we don't
make it but you'll get to see signing
footage and hopefully we can sign enough
in time to make it to the Christmas
party come on dude you wanna pick up the
kids hurry let's go let's go let's go
yeah that's mine Brock didn't have any
clothes on so I said hurry put my
sweater on let's go down to pick up the
kids
nice I just saw the bus come on let's go
we're gonna get on the motorcycle and go
down and get the kit one ride a
motorcycle
here we go please rod don't you see me
one
who were these hoodlums look at these
hoodlums hi who'd won where did you get
that work what's up dude hey friend
good to go get gage let's go to gage dad
let's go dig a jackal Gager welcome home
a friend how was your escuela experience
did you learn Lots yes take again five
too slow what did it look difficult get
me alright
okay run up the hill and then we'll come
pick you up run up to your house and
we'll come pick you up you can't ride
you have to walk we just came to give
you moral encouragement you can do it we
believe in you
well
baby what's up does he have the DN modem
already yeah he did already
yeah oh that's okay tell me I'm coming
sorry I just had to put the thumbnail on
the bug you guys we have a very special
arrival that just came to the house have
to go sign for but the vlogs uploading
right now I had to get the thumbnail and
title on it now it's will sign for mm
Shh arts calendars that we have to sign
and then shipped you guys alright this
is what mm she tarts calendars looks
like so we said you guys order to say to
our calendar we said we will sign the
first thousand but I had the people at
maker shop send me an additional
thousand because we're just going to
assign a random thousand so you may or
may not get a sign Shaytards calendar
even if you have not ordered one yet so
I figured that we would uh with save a
thousand that we'll just find a random
so you order one even today you could
still be assigned Shaytards calendar if
we can ever get it out of self we're
gonna go tonight all right well so
something's different about this year's
calendars every single one of them has
cellophane on it so this is going to
take probably four times as long as it
usually does
Gavin's friends ratings over here we are
yeah he came over to hang out but
instead we put him to work cuz I lacked
child labor training I'll give you a
free calendar bro cuz I'll give you 20%
off on a calendar okay
so anyways look these all have
cellophane on them so we have to cut
them all open individually before we
sign them and that's going to take a
long time because we got 2,000 of these
how long would you say it takes maybe
four or five seconds done wrap each one
these are them you guys the 2015
Shaytards calendar they're nice looks
like this happened you just have to sing
yourself a little song and what song is
that cellophane mr. cellophane the
should've been my name mr. cellophane no
walk right through me that's a good song
for this songs on that Chicago
alright fourth annual Shaytards calendar
here we are signing away you sign in
brach if you get a sign brach calendar
you're very lucky because not very many
people get those also if you get a shape
Butler that's pretty rare too
you get a gold Gavin yeah Gavin signs he
signs some of these in gold but I always
sign shake Carl oh he did that nice dude
I'm proud of you that looks good I
always sign shaycarl
until I forget and then I'll sign
traveler on a few of them so most of
Obie shaycarl if you get a Shea Butler
that's rare and if you get a brach
that's very rare
it's like his rookie card
he'll make very many of them huh it's a
rare commodity baby tard
how are you signing a little pink Emmy
great
alright so Brock didn't sign this one he
just gave himself some sweet headphones
you know he was kind of pissed so you
know you wanted to hear some good music
as we're walking through the forest why
do you look so mad did you see your face
why do you look so angry right there huh
are you mad you don't want to be part of
the pictures do you remember why you
don't remember yeah is instead or bad
you weren't your face looks like you're
sad or mad well yeah I know okay so when
you guys get the calendar and you see
Brock's face he's not sad or mad he's
happy he just didn't have headphones on
at the time so it was a little
frustrated but now he's putting them on
so now he's happy right all right we're
going to take a little break from
signing calendars uh Gavin this is the
best part of what we do we get to play
with toys that people send to us do you
want to play with this toy my friend
mm-hmm all right let's get this bad boy
out and figure out how to put it
together we were sent a racetrack from
Anki spelled a nki Anki Drive these are
cool dude there's a big mat I saw like
the video forum you put it on a big mat
and then you race these cars these are
cars do you check these out look at this
look at that little black whoa now look
fancy you race them we're supposed to
download the app on the IR our phones
and then you basically control the car
with your iPhone and then also they have
artificial intelligence so you're racing
the computer basically so we're gonna
race each other and the computer on the
track does this sound fun should we open
this and review it yes okay let's go
ready
what's rice before we start playing you
have to pick your favorite car you want
orange red blue zat purple blue or black
Oh
which car do you want a VA you're
picking red Gavin you want black I want
this orange one yeah that one's cool
hey Gavin take the black one we're gonna
race you ready do I look funny of you
wanna try it what color car do you want
well if there's a short Roos purpley
magenta one I'll take that
well I think there actually is except
for dachshund called that one so too bad
you want now in Daxton huh look at him
in his Grinch sweater you're cute you
want a race well play racing game yeah
dad
okay he's gonna hug it don't throw it
don't throw the Anki racer okay we got
the track out that's when your is okay
we got the app downloaded I'm updating
all my cars it comes with a charger to
update all the cars that's my little guy
right there okay here's the black kay
ready so the app knows the cars that are
plugged in and so it's asked me if it
wants to update the three cars were
plugged in and I said yes but look at
those little cars see we're gonna race
those you guys excited
check it out check it out check it up
match ok so my car's there now I have to
pick somebody that I want to race and
this just like the game so there are
there's different people winger is her
name anyways I'm a racist dude listen
take five losing is not in my vocabulary
says alright but I've chosen this guy
cam bucks race listed I have to go put
his car on the charger go grab the red
car bring the red car in shadow wants to
race here we go oh my gosh oh oh they're
locked up going the wrong way
Shea is not X you're going backwards
dude that's crazy they stay on the track
though I'm yellow so I can like slow
down watch what watch it left orange car
I slow down look he's almost stopped
speed it up
there he goes I have a booth
are you being yeah I'm gonna leave babe
first place Colts carbine Oh what see
look at the little lights so when I
haven't won a straightaway what I have
on a straightaway oh nice I pass up
right I hate that one looks like he's
not fully charged oh this is the novice
level so it's like as you go up in
levels they're better it's like the
first level of like Mortal Kombat or
like any game that you play the very
first guy is easy to beat and then as
you go hope they get harder winner
winner chicken dinners into him i won
let's see if this guy says anything he's
real smacked a cradle so I beat that
guy's name with shadow now I get to move
on to the next guy oh so I can also play
with you so you guys want to play yeah
you have to go get mom's phone okay so
me and Gavin are gonna race now alright
dude come to the starting line let me
see that into the app this is the
beginning of the app on the load it's a
cool app that you look so alright you
ready
alrighty alright so put your cells on
the starting line on the starting line
please all races also they sent us new
tracks you can get different shapes
traps we should get that orange around
that orange awesome okay ready
alright let me open my app oh it's
starting okay I'm gonna play with
friends who will host this game I will
looking for players okay hit play with
friends and then hit my friend
waiting for hosts okay look Oh Gavin
there you go alright I'm going to choose
player Gavin okay this is way too late
waiting for Shay okay we're gonna do 15
laps cool
select okay you got your dude go wait
hold on one bro all right you ready dude
oh you're so going down down down all
right oh I can't film while doing this
okay here we go babe come film this I
got a ring Oh betting my car's just
better well the green means it's all the
way charge the red means it's it's
running low I'm Juliette charger you
should get that green card for booth
no I shot ah hole dude your thing is a
turnout that's why I put it up no the
gas go all the way up oh there you go he
is
that's your drawing did you turn that up
that's why you're going too slow nice
happy
no no that's you you shouldn't hold in
there are you smashing
d on the straightaway you shoot each
other we're gonna shoot right there bro
somebody gets fun you hear that I do you
hear that machine quit shooting each
other I'm in first place well you were
going close Janata that's right a would
Gavin didn't know where the throttle was
hey I forgot to tell you if you want to
push on the gases this button right here
my bad you wanna rematch yeah okay no
weird odor in a tree we have to every
night okay watch tomorrow eternal raffia
here rock camara yit they try yeah that
was cool here watch my race I like the
little lights on the front of a car
light up you are watch shoot this hip
shoot just like this that shoots out in
it again that's boot women infant trust
ah yeah we're gonna make you play yeah
never thrown it down straightaway rock
shoot it
five laps you are in second place you
get those drew can shoot cutie cutie
cute yes booster down there first you
don't down nothing wrong I don't know
about too bad have an advantage from
Kiki
pingas you took second place down one
well Lisa stocks are matching that's fun
that's really cool and then you know if
you don't have anybody to play with you
can play in the computers yeah go you
pull it up to go faster if yeah yeah and
then these are um that another steal
there they go
Brock that's cool are you gonna go nad
okay they're moving around the track
what about your green one yeah who's
winning Gavin hooter says who's in which
place Oh a B is winning
come on loopy shooter shooter make shine
keeper throttle make sure you keep your
throttle up and keep hitting your power
booth to whenever you get a chance at
that power booth
anyways I'll leave a link below you want
to check it out Anki Drive you guys like
it it's fun what do you think good that
cool alright check it out links below
alright everybody get back in here we
gotta sign more calendars
no crib for his bed
the
for Jesus late
his sweet head
I start
look down
Lord Jesus asleep on the
you
