I showed you guys how beautiful this is
yet have you seen this
have I ever showed this to you did you
have I ever today I think I did just
want to appreciate it on camera I do
appreciate it myself like I just looked
at this was like dang I thought I want
to show you guys so look look at this
it's not gonna be as good as it is in
person but you know just try to imagine
anyways I'm doing chores part of living
on a ranch is you got to drive your
trash down to the main road so once a
week we gotta load these bad boys up I
got a truck a lot of garbage this is for
both families KC's and my family more
than anything I just want to show what a
nice brother I am to bring KC's garbage
cans up to his house for him Pat is
service see I'm making a difference this
Christmas season check it out doing a
good turn daily back to chores so I
don't know if I've told you or not but
I'm building a studio up here at my
house so that I don't have to go to Los
Angeles I'm gonna have like a full you
know professional Hollywood studio so in
case we need to shoot anything I don't
have to go anywhere I could just shoot
it right here so this eventually is
gonna be the studio once we get it all
done but we need water because there's
gonna be a bathroom in there but because
we live in the mountains we don't have
the city water so we have to drill into
the earth and suck water out of the
ground so this guy is digging out so
well check this out it's like if you're
imagine you know seen Armageddon where
they stick those pipes down and they
drill it's exactly what this truck is
doing they drill straight down into the
earth probably 400 feet till we hit
water and then we'll suck that water out
of the ground with a pump and we'll
shoot it on over to this shop so that we
can go peepee in the potty eventually
this is going to be the new studio you
see we're there's a lot of work to do
but one day this is maybe in like six
months it'll be all finished this is
going to be a full you know studio
here's the bathroom they just built the
bathroom we are going to have a
recording studio in here so
for all those hit singles like forever
love and maybe the next Crofts family
Christmas album will all be recorded
right in there in that studio see look
this is like studio foam we got boxes of
studio foam as soon as that that's ready
you know you got to put foam all over
the wall so it has good acoustics but I
can't wait man anyways the future studio
backs doin chores
hey get up in there and get them garbage
cans out make yourself useful you lazy
mutt all you do is sit around here and
eat food don't do a good gosh yo you
guys want to fight you guys want to
fight alright hold on tearing done oh
now we got mama mamas all riled up but
she can tell hey mama
stop what my fault I got the kids riled
up all right you guys be nice
what is going on out here sorry I was
fighting the dogs you got him all riled
up and then I got my barking and
Halloweens
my CrossFit shoes all muddy Ron's got
all serious with the fight we're just
pretending and then he got all serious
of course we might CrossFit shoes hot
muddy yeah yeah what happens when you
get a dog fight you guys tell your
CrossFit shoes they don't get muddy at
CrossFit just know yeah so surprising
that there's actually like specialized
CrossFit shoes what what's the special
daddy I don't know I think you can climb
ropes better way just a good way for
Reebok to tell you more crap edge by me
well tie it down out here sorry we're
just in listen I feel like these dogs
are getting a little tough I needed to
get a little aggression out you know
well next time beat them up next time
you yell at me second tell me while
you're wrestling is all I did it I got
it oh you did oh good I set it up here
we do Christmas Story wait mom it's not
focused every who down in Whoville liked
Christmas a lot turn the page please but
the Grinch who lived just north of
who-ville did it not to guys like this
story if he loves reading we're just
reading one of the most fun Christmas
toys in the world the rich hated
Christmas the whole Christmas season now
please don't ask why no one I quite know
the reason
cut me his head's too screwed up on just
right way we didn't even read the page
you haven't done yet all the girls and
boys would wake would wake bright and
early they'd rush for their toys and
then I think you're losing all the noise
normal Oh thing always that's one thing
he hated the noise noise noise then the
who's young and old would sit down to a
feast and they'd feast and they'd feast
and they'd feast feast feast feast they
would feast on who pudding and rare who
roast beef feast which was something the
Grinch couldn't stand in the least
look who's watching old Shaytards
Christmas specials you guys excited for
this year who's excited for this year's
J Tarts ah
me I am and its head baby working out
who's that that's you can you believe it
you've got just a little baby you look
like Daxton do you remember that you do
not do you remember that you're all
grown up now
alright time for kids CrossFit don't run
into the wall here comes a hospital in
your head against the wall I mean that's
what we do that's what we do here
pull my goodness T
show us a trick hey that's pretty good
don't fall alright guys have fun hey all
right you have fun okay you should
you're awesome you are you sure
alright love you guys yo yo yo yo yo who
are you doing wearing my kicks bro do
you think you are you a marathon runner
you gonna run a marathon with dad one
day you want to run a marathon with
Daddy would that be fun
I think you'd do good man let's run a
marathon together huh love you that a
good orange come get you up you wanna
wear all my shoes I think I see a theme
here let me help see a yellow theme I
think you got a yellow theme I just
realize this I like yellow shoes can't
we run around a marathon me and you okay
give me bounce here we go eat we're
going tacos it's taco night
thank you go put a shirt on Butthead all
right we are eating dinner later box and
little that pants little back see Rooney
pants with a blue balloon and his blue
balloon Dexter rody hey can you walk
you're just gonna dance the hula do some
squats and a kid do you guys do CrossFit
today was it hard Braley was it hard
really it was easier today maybe you're
getting better running shoes Oh get it
get it get it those up walking walking
hey power is mountain climbers do
mountain climbers are hard show me a
mountain climber right now yeah he says
you can run a marathon with me mountain
climbers wait Google sideways so we can
see go sideways yeah go try these you
guys it's hard on the slippery eel
outside
what's a sequel me yeah
serious mountain climbers really they're
drabs what what side Whittle - oh mama
kitty oh my gosh the mama cat he brought
us a present a dead mouse she chewed the
head off him and left the body
thanks mama kitty yeah how thoughtful of
you to bring that dead mouse our back
door what are you barking at zekiel
she's been doing this come in don't
associate with that Mouse killer
everybody in the comments is mad at her
yeah what's up with you guys getting mad
about him a cat killing a mouse listen I
was influenced as a child by vicious
wicked horrible violent television that
my parents let me watch it was this TV
show called
Tom and Jerry where this cat always was
hurting this mouse so I I was a bad
influence when I was growing up and so I
let our cat kill that Mouse
hey can you take your vicious mouth
eating somewhere else all right you want
to run a marathon
okay we're me and you we run a marathon
okay okay deal
what's for dinner - hey don't shrug your
shoulders I love tacos
more like tacos yeah oh jeez
what are you doing balloon climbers hey
you doing balloon climbers ah and looks
like we got a deliciously set dinner
table for everybody
who is that I thought that was guacamole
that's not that's lettuce
that's very good salsa though I'll have
one of them's I think yes I will okay
hammer of Wyatt
ah hey save I put my shoes away I'm
gonna kick you in the face by a fresher
in the camera oh my this is pretty damn
cute you having fun buddy you guys up to
no good huh troll in the neighborhood
looking for chicks wanna fight some
dudes brothers Brock can you stand on
the back of it oh I guess he can't reach
it yeah huh Brock stand in the back of
that and I'll push ya you ready
maybe a push him steered accent are you
steering Brock there they go turn around
come this way I want to see you guys
yeah he's having a good time whoo the
fun
he loves it he's having such a good time
he's like I'm driving he feels important
good job dude high five we got a lot of
kids there's one bro you swinging that
bow step around in here like you want
some of this huh
walking through swinging your bo staff
you don't want none of this don't you
get none no Sam's done it's Taco Time
Zeke wants to come inside please I seek
a real knee-slapper I'm not sure one yet
mom's not amused she had all the kids
gone all right it's time for tacos we're
just going around talking about our day
and what we learned at school
how many bullies we beat up today just
kidding Gavin scored two goals at soccer
today when he's playing soccer at recess
I could do for you buddy
all right ready to eat there's me after
free sugar princess always wants to know
what the treat is
by doing that George McFly laughs that's
the George Monck Lila yeah oh right
what okay let's see who's praying cool
story bro cool story bro yeah cool story
all right let's pray what's going over
here we got a train a choo-choo train
choo-choo train all right dinners over
I'm watching my TV peeps look at
Jessie's on the field in Philadelphia
view at the Eagles game ha ha that's so
awesome
they're booing the Seahawks dude that's
crazy so we're going to the game next
week we're going to see Eagles cowboys
play in Philadelphia I'm excited and
we're gonna go hang out with Jesse you
know so I'm just watching uh Jesse's
vlogs dude look at that that's his dad
his brother his brothers never been to a
game he took him to a game got him on
the field first game in that cool
midnight goo
brush your teeth get bad you it's
bedtime yes 8:40 it's 8:40 brosef it's
sleepy sleep time Gavin Emmylou bedtime
go brush teeth let's see how fast you
can brush your teeth but you can't brush
from as fast as you can ride that
tricycle did he fall he was what he say
what do you say pregnant I said mom you
have a fat belly all right what okay go
to bed watching my YouTube daddy's
watching a story go to bed
oh let's set up the nativity that looks
good on the fireplace and then the
stockings one of you guys actually made
these for us you guys remember one of
our viewers knitted all of these
stockings one for each member of the
family isn't that cool
and they're really good like nice big
knitted stockings we're gonna hang them
on the fireplace we got to figure out
how though because we are not hammering
nails into this bad boy
we
Oh
you
