hi I'm logged in here good morning you
guys okay it's really early on a
Saturday morning we are here at a
Presbyterian Church actually I don't
know where to go hold on I gotta find
Callie um we're going to be filming ring
out wild bells today ring out what bells
where's everybody getting ready time
next to that from the first time and now
I'm like really yeah your lips are
lovely well the color I put on the first
I never have a pink and this is like
more of a purple and so I think it kind
of like fudge the color oh well I know
it's beautiful just a little bit of lips
Callie you look very very seriously look
because I don't wear makeup so this
color like brings out everything like
you look like a model if I wear this all
the time you guys would be like I was
just Callie but since I'm a hippie I
don't wear makeup it's like who's like
The Princess Diaries
you guys are lovely let's go see where
we're shooting okay I'm gonna show you
guys where we are I can't look in this
dress
it doesn't have a slit and so I think
baby steps baby steps baby steps to the
chapel
like patiently waiting we love you I'm
ready
I've been ready I've been ready for
three seconds now no I was ready I'm
just in there trying to help them I
swear right guys I was your first on the
phone so your race promoter all right
making phone calls doing races he's a
busy man oh boy oh the baby woke up
alright you can get him here us alright
you come out oh hi wake it from his now
mankind get the words guys played less
coldness of the times freak out bring
out my mournful rhymes not bring out all
well that's me
alright that's a wrap on wild bells
ringing out in this church and now we're
getting ready to go to a signing a
desert book here in Amman in Idaho Falls
dad how do you feel about going to your
first signing ah this is of this album
of this idea matter I'm excite I'm just
excited hopefully people come I feel
like I should have advertised it better
but I didn't so we'll just do whatever
we can right are you making two business
calls at the exact same time now alright
you better get doing your business bro
businesses
coupe accurate yeah okay little mommy
Oh got down this business calls now he's
on to the race
how's our little man you guys have some
business to do why are you calling me
Shannon say what
wait you might Taylor Swift concert
tickets yes it's a good deal that's
really tomorrow
up more business calls we call this son
got David Archuleta
hi I'm good love daycare and this baby
of Korea my night now that I need you to
go to this kosher concert
okay please watch it I will give you
$1,000 thanks yeah okay yeah that's
expensive daycare and here it comes
again
this is my office I'm trying to upload
the video right now guys but this is
there's a lot of business calls going on
a lot of business calls all right you
guys were at the Amman signing and I
have Katie and Erica hearing from here
thanks for coming you guys we've got the
whole family with our spread of CDs it's
a lovely spread their mom Heidi made
this for Jack stone the nicest thing
ever and I could never take the time to
do this or would I even try because it
would not turn out looking like this
so thank you so much Heidi we really
appreciate it and he will definitely
cuttle it every night hey guys so we're
here with Nick you've just been watching
the very first vlog you watch tell us
again I was when Shay had to use the
hotel Wi-Fi in your California house so
it was probably your first undred vlogs
but I've been watching ever since I love
you guys so I say stealing why fibers
not right thank you they said Shay's as
role model and I said he's in trouble
all right I'm here with Amanda Mike and
Natalie and Amanda actually got hurt she
torched foot stolen I thought yeah we
were in the shirt and she's like I
would've worn if I got stolen
my school that I went to we had like a
hair show man we had to change and I
left in the hallway and someone took it
oh I have to say it's a little bit
flattering it doesn't feel like somebody
else watched too and they wanted the
shirt but then if your shooters really
do not still that's not okay that's how
I'm just saying this is coming from mom
you don't steal stuff especially our
stuff right
especially Amanda stuff don't touch it
right you heard it for me hey guys I'm
here with Susan she has actually lost
100 pounds as of October right you're
amazing and tell them you ran I ran the
10k back in October when Shay and curly
ran the half marathon and they finished
right behind oh you finished right
behind it was so crazy
well congratulations you look amazing
Margot I mission get off the beat on
kawasu right we're getting ready to
perform McCaleb she was a sweetheart she
gave us some gifts
I'm we've only practiced this one so
we're not really together so we're gonna
really try um she'd have them turn down
the music
this one is coming out that the CD was
like the first time we ever sing in
videos together we thought Blake here
he's being awesome camera guy
Danny Kali Kali Ruth these next two
we're pretty proud originals
Oh
Bethany's at the mall - at Aeropostale
she's so fabulous I love you Bethany
okay so you're going to the second meet
up at the Deseret book so I'm excited
hopefully I'll see my husband here my
husband's coming and it's Christmas
it's a bustle arrival Shaytards fans
what's your name
Blaine Blaine and he said he thought
Shea was the camera talk very good I
thought she was the camera Hager yes he
is that's why I have my own see the
bling guys see the sparkles so people
how much cost 100 bucks yeah biggest fan
on there hi Eddie
we went to go as you were here for
officially done Sparrow in the birching
and now I'm getting a massage oh okay
now I'm ready employee I am now did you
finish all your sparrow and the Virgin
yep I'm done did you sparrow all the
birches I'm doing for the day I can't
talk anymore
she sparrow doll the birches there's no
birches left to be spare owed a lot of
you wonderful people I love all of you
from rills she's just saying that she
doesn't mean she has to say that
it's like you know you're trying to sell
your CD people come to see you you have
to tell them that you love them it's
just like you have to say that I choose
a related record for dachshund hiding me
to blanket Annika came from Boise making
my Annika
I mean I'm a cook I know her yeah Bowser
oh I'm at some of you too oh we're
getting massages right now it's really
great the girls are shopping maybe an
Emmy are in Claire's shopping over there
Javy there are some where baby yeah
don't spend anymore don't spend that
much money Kay we'll be out here if you
need us
goodbye CD yeah she watched oh hi she
what hold on I'll tell you in a second I
feels good she watched dachshund today
while I edited and got some stuff done
because Colette was gone all day and I
told her she could buy some things
eclairs for helping me all day and she
did a good job she made him lunch she
changed his diaper
she basically watched him all day I
hardly watch him it off and now I'm
shaking oh yeah grandma has little boys
so we just have the two years you can't
bring the merchandise out of the story
on lady that's stealing our daughter
just old
she stole did she's a steal dirt hey
guys this is princess heart or a comment
every wat we had Gavin's I guess second
birthday party it's his party really mom
to hear at the little piggies dad's a QB
will I
well
Oh
in whoa
Crosbie love it
jingle bells jingle bells ha jingle all
the way oh what fun it is to ride in a
one-horse open sleigh
all right flap jingle sighs everything√∂
we are the right spot so we're
decorating for Gavin's birthday bunch of
people are coming over lots of family
we're gonna have probably anywhere from
200 to 250 people in our house in the
next 45 minutes everybody get ready get
your guide by Dawn we're gonna be
entertainers loaded friends and family
she spent a lot when she was plumbing it
up
it was slobbery monster all right well
we're watching the game please plan the
bills and Broncos so you want to win
from but happy birthday excited yes we
have another cake for him is he had
another cake so many birthday harvest
yeah this is cute look how cute so cute
she would have made it jingle bells
jingle bells jingle all the way
in a one-horse open sleigh hey that
beautiful hey Jackson you're adorable
did you know that did you get that memo
did somebody fax that to you the yura
dorable fax is supposed to be in your
Inbox yesterday at 2:00 did you get that
did you get that fax you did okay good
good I'm glad
yeah we're gonna send one of those a day
yeah oh we better watch out you better
not cry you better not pout I'm telling
you why Santa Claus is comin to town
gather round making a list so dragon
infants we're gonna set up happy
birthday for Gavin in twice Santa Claus
and pizza lots and lots and lots and
lots and lots and lots of Pizza
alright teamwork come on you get up
there oh okay here I'll help
they're trying to get the Oh tape is
down here quit hold a vias hands I'll
help her you ready
come here right okay step up here step
up is that going to make you taller than
me oh it is
we didn't next next make your face small
because I
okay what 20 now oh that pizza smells
beautiful
okay come down
turn around watch clubbing dealership
that's with that yeah well I want to
help her ballad you jump jump jump
okay I can't go again help okay they've
actually found a solution where they
don't need me I'm impressed
check this out so anyway okay so quit
just barely can't reach a via picks her
up
you picked your mom up that's awesome
you're strong I just shows you how small
so lettuce what is three feet nine
inches tall 72 pounds grandma's hair hi
how are you good would you bring a salad
cookies ooh a salad and some cookies
all right dude you excited for your
birthday present
yeah okay let me show this your I think
you're gonna like this you have any
ideas this right here it's a special
present from dad given the idea to me by
grandpa Karl dad this is bad idea
and he brought and suggested I was like
yes Gavin would love that
so we bought it what is that I want one
you only goes so does that mean it's
girly do you want one really okay I
think that would be cool if you did that
Gavin I can't I think you're like mom
raising her hand yes mom go ahead it's
your turn to talk I should make it to
gold go to Stanley like we did every
year well I'm just saying don't know
hints yeah no I would love to do that
again that was so much fun you have any
ideas no it's fun you'll see soon happy
birthday dear girl
happy birthday dear
you're walking walking walking walking
at all happy birthday buddy
no don't touch something it's not you
wearing sharks broke have a gummy shirt
that's what we're going for
even cream from corn school mm-hmm okay
happy birthday join all for your present
now yes you ready
I wanna open the big one now you should
see that one for now
laughs oh okay best for last you ready
okay you can open the big one okay I
want you to guess though what do you
think it is your mom would want one I
think you're gonna think it's really
cool
yes okay open it not again yeah Katniss
Everdeen it's a diamond one big diamond
in a box we packed it for him present
right there it's a diamond buye vote
what is it remember Gavin the presence
on the inside of the bomb I just gotta
open you just gotta open it
yeah you making your mom do know he he's
gonna be a real man he has to open
himself
dad where's your knife lead a pocket
knife over here you can't get the box up
and you can't have it
oh yeah oh shoot
hey let me take the cheese needs out of
the oven you did thanks Candace oh wait
wait hold it up take the plastic off
yeah don't shove an arrow down here what
do you think do you like it that cool
hey but don't let go yeah don't let go
of it when it doesn't have an arrow in
it you like it let me know you like it
let me see that thing yeah we got it
everybody's got to get a bow when I
start shooting archery what do you think
dude okay here pick that up you better
open this one next don't step on that
that's an important present goes to this
piece what are those what are those
any insight hey right this minute
we know those guys we've been on that TV
show before remember a BIA when they
interviewed us hey right this minute hey
guys good to see you
over nose okay we got one there's one
for each of your siblings and for all
the cats outside that's not funny
let me see grandpa's gonna show you how
to shoot these K yeah this is hey listen
this is a very this is not a toy at all
all right Gavin
are you listening this is a very serious
weapon all right
only shoot it at the target won't that
we're gonna show you okay what do you
think dude Oh
bow and arrow excited bring out wild
bells to the wild sky the Flying Cloud
the frosty light the year is dying in
the night ring out wild bells and
and I my ear is dying in the night bring
out wild bells and let him die
