what are you doing why
oh here we go again does everything
happen for a reason
well see you later
oh you're kidding run into some money
slots you guys it's somebody's birthday
today dues birthday is it did you miss
me
I invited you matches yeah
did you miss dad more no no well
see you later Canada it's time to go to
Mirko going to Merkel with more girl
we'll get to your good bottom joking
Eagles upon an eagle but it's jerky huh
okay we're going through us security and
I did not do a good job of taking my
picture yours is good like that guy I
was like turning my hat backwards yeah I
do it's like an old 70s like magazine
picture goodbye Canada we love you and
your Tim Hortons even though we didn't
even go there but there it is I know
Canon avians like that Lisa I just call
you guys can ad ins you can't I believe
in you you can do it laughs I do it what
comfy really know the clouds
we're playing wow that's so pretty
not so pretty I just look like a window
into my little baby so hard man yeah
okay so everybody
mmm yeah good job
Evan McMullen this is a Toronto paper
well guys that kicked off Hart flakes
guy could come with Shay who's been so
Rowdies oh hey I just getting our doors
broken plane we won with our babies give
us different arrow saw each other yeah
rather be safe than sorry right we don't
want any force flying off what are you
doing why
the
see you later
oh you're kidding run into somebody I
love you staring at you here we go again
does everything happen for a reason
well we haven't figured out why we had
to miss this fight what happened is a
previous flight god I don't know who
cares or not we're leaving of much later
than we had planned but that's okay
we're still going to get home and we're
still going to make it back for
children's events tomorrow
just make sure we touch the aircraft it
will fly
I didn't I remember
nice
it's like bacon a huge you guys out fine
come back in bacon bacon I love them hey
happy birthday hey do you know how old
you are you want to jump on the tramp
hey how old are you do you know say
three
that's Daxton birthday happy birthday
little buddy
our little blonde headed boy just turned
three years old he has believed that
three years ago we're in California
bringing him into the world okay guys we
finally made it back into town just in
time to gather up our stuff and head
back into town again the kids have a
choir concert tonight so we're gonna go
to that alright let's go
plus you guys it's somebody's birthday
today do whose birthday is it and Carly
had a very nice little surprise for him
this morning she got him some donuts and
little presents I was gonna get donuts
birds and get to all we stopped on my
staff I didn't get to use it for coal
let's go get do that we'll see cute
hey you guys are so cute did you miss me
oh yeah I invited you - yeah did you
miss dad more no no and if you buffa see
she is nice both at the same amount it's
one person what I'm I promise - I need
my little mustache hi my book very fast
I will
together
so they're dressing up and now
birthday boy
party today the party
Oh bother
Oh
yeah yeah
yeah
yeah mate performance gap well what's
this guy doing flash what are you doing
you're crazy cat Sikh coming come take a
bite out of crime
come take out a bite of that kitty is he
gonna jump yeah God you sounded good
dude let's see what do you got there
some tech deccan it's got very details
it's like wood that's cool pretty dope
yeah dope though oh here goes the
birthday boy safe
nice slide good whoa you did a great job
buddy all right happy birthday we're
home what oh my field oh that is awesome
all right - oh nice move kitty that's a
good move hi all my food hey Jade miss
us
janessa signe good yeah I missed us I
missed us being together yeah Emmy you
miss us okay come on we're making
cupcakes aren't we yeah quit Oh Callie
you pinching me
okay so we're home from the choir
concert it is a school night still so we
don't have a ton of birthday festivities
plans for little Dax but we are gonna
have a birthday party I think on
Thursday but tonight it's just family
birthday ready all right you know open
your present
always acknowledged looks like that what
is it
whoa dinosaurs you like um seeker in my
shop move okay
hey dad's happy birthday today didn't
get so confused like it's not a yeah
it's like wait where's the present I
asked for your neck look that looks
spooky so I got like whole tiny face
looks like a necklace and that keeps in
my dad it's really like it stays with me
exact one that you couldn't chop it down
if you don't really pull it so cool this
is not me
what are those happy birthday
you're welcome do you guys okay anyway
every birthday Daxton oh sorry
okay ready for the outro and alright so
Gavin has quite a little thing to put
together here it has look at all these
little parts those are the wheels those
are the screws okay yeah I mean even
comes with a tool yeah little tool let's
see this one tightens the wheels and
stuff and then this one screws this
Cruiser is it salt itself guys and your
favorite you had to put those bearings
on those bindings on let's go
oh my god drop them he's cute
hey so what are we making brownies just
what I asked me said cupcake but when
you find it why does the sugar cookie
Daxton you want cupcakes or sugar
cookies they're busy building the
dinosaur world yeah are you helping him
Brock that's nice of you you like a deco
you're welcome hey I think he likes it
so he wanted so now we are making
cupcakes kind of green but yeah dude so
it's Christmas colors here you're making
green because I was thinking of Hulk and
spider-man and this is gonna be blue but
it's kinda green yeah so that's usually
yes I poke smash yeah a whole special
spider-man yeah it gets up right anyways
we're making brownies and then we're
going to bake them and eat them all
right we were able to make the frosting
blue that worked out yeah yeah cool huh
you want a red one to him hmm I think we
can do a red one I will scoot you red
all right let's do a red all right
there's a birthday boys cupcakes you
want to decorate on come on decorate oh
he's a little sad because you want to
show him show me finger Jane is trying
to cut a slice of cheese by himself and
it did not work out mother of the Year
award anyways he's the key kind of fear
a little bit he'll be
okay you study the Cheetahs yeah please
come in dear yay don't that one that one
red oh yeah okay then close the other
ones yeah
when you dump the red one on so you
should have oh wow yeah hey you can eat
the favorite more even more tip put
more like this whoa haha what does it do
so cute
maxi dress people summer tonight for me
oh oh okay oh you got a hammer Japanese
pickles
oh yeah yummy happy birthday buddy - my
job here this week oh so much to me
auntie hey yeah oh yeah figures hey I
love you okay share your memories tired
Nastenka finish and do you love it yeah
he made his own tech deck with a kid it
was a kid but it's like a real wooden
one and he said that it it what does it
do it glides released nice man it feels
good to be home we had such a blast in
Toronto Canada at buffer fest it was so
cool being at the screening of vlog you
mentoree with all of you thank you to
everybody who has been patient and
supported us the movie is lie yes I have
very excited it is live right now on
YouTube red you can go check it out if
YouTube red is not available in your
country check out a link below to find
out how you can get it in your country
there's a bunch of a big list of
countries where you can get the movie so
check it out vlog you mentoree is
available right now on YouTube red we
love you guys and we'll see you tomorrow
