hi I'm logging here
so I was feeling lazy today so I came to
the gym instead of going to CrossFit is
what I mean I was gonna go to CrossFit
today I was like oh I'm tired I don't
feel like it I'll just go to the gym
it's a lot easier here CrossFit's killer
anyways when you workout at the gym
you get like a really good song on do
you feel like you're like by yourself
you're saying yeah man out I'll send you
look up but oh there's other people in
here Tim Gunn sometimes I get in the
zone I'm listening to it I'm just
working out I forget I'm a public place
you tearing them apart bro oh you
shredding them up I almost vomited - oh
good thing what about you my own
vibration dismal vibrator down
that's the craziness machine ever
there's this machine upstairs like you
stand on it just vibrates and I was I
did like 200 air squats on it it's crazy
machine nice getting it will getting it
there's a growth that starting out here
at hell yeah is value old it looks I get
stung by a because looks like you're
swallowing up that rough
well dang another gorgeous perfect
evening and what's up Idaho it melted
it's like warm all of a sudden the snow
is non-existent except for in small
little sparse patches around the
property it's pretty funny cuz Ron just
got he were right at this car he got his
5.7 Hemi Ram 1500 truck for the
mountains out of host style giddyup
cowboy you ready to record this song oh
I'm ready to record it's a good song Ron
I've been asking him for a long time he
was let's go just give him full
disclosure here Ronnie boy oh sorry
who's dead legs we just did leg day
anyways you're supposed to get this song
ready for the New York Marathon didn't
shame anyway so now it's gonna be for
New Year's which is perfect timing
because like the words of the song and
everything go better for New Year's Yeah
right
yeah it's more of a like let's start
again fresh new year I'm excited it's a
good jam it's like sounds good and it's
motivating but it also has some meaning
to it right
yeah it touches the heart touch my soul
place those harp string hurts say I
can't even think right now
all tired or like our laser sore all
right rocks
carry me all right after every good leg
workout one thing I like to do is get
some protein and then a make-out session
whoa what that way Colette she's hiding
from us
I hear her she's under the desk
ha ha you got me Isis flying in here
it's a big room Oh get out of there get
out under there young lady
I'm happy cuz I actually got some work
done I'm proud of you come to house me I
really did what did you get done some
good work ospry day you can't really see
we live your life equal to the Internet
let's go to dinner in the movie with the
kids and people that we love our family
my mom and daddy water do you remember
when we had a little big boy he'll watch
to watch euro-6
he's not a movie you are taxed and he'll
watch hero 6 he'll sit there and watch
it off a little watch it I think go to
dinner enema go go
oh please oh oh I mean I want to crawl
here and then then I want to go to a
good movie
Oh movie hey Friday night it's Friday
9:00 I gotta get up super early in the
morning oh you do huh
let's go into Idaho Falls tomorrow for a
meet and greet at the Deseret bub are
you singing they perform am i coming on
do we get a babysitter what are we doing
I asked if you want to do that and
you're just like Ottawa yes I'll go we
just need a babysitter somebody watch
our kids let's just bring them we'll see
anyways cool too movie please no damn -
them here where is that little brat ah
it's Friday night Hey
what you ready
what'd you say where's Emmy you say
don't let me rap don't call me a brat
what I caught your breath because you
said
where is that little grass I was talking
about dachshund Emmys in there hey why
do you guys have separate salons are you
guys competing salons yesterday Emmy was
trying to show off how much nail polish
she had what's that where'd you get that
you bought it for her you just gave it
to her well why not for Christmas why
didn't you wait years bother house for
the week for Thanksgiving yeah I was
gonna give it sir then but that mail
took forever to get you huh
so what'd you say to your sister did you
just barely barely give it to her right
now what do you think dude I expected a
bigger reaction your sister gets your
money yes was what is this he bought
that with the money that she earned from
doing her giant chore list she liked it
this giant chore listened earned a
hundred bucks and then she got online
and did some online shopping and she
decided to get this one for her sister
those are real diamonds boom shot cost
450 you have her 15 let me see the one
you got how much was this um $30 and I
think in real life there's a hundred in
real life what did you get it in fake
life so things aren't on sale there in
real life well that's very generous
thing you're very thoughtful to buy your
sister necklace in real life get some
real life savings can you believe it we
got crazy savings on my jewelry it all
must go now now now saving saving
savings hey guys so we're going because
we're going in the kitchen because Logan
set me at present when Casey was coming
back so I'm gonna open it there's happy
bday Gavin ATAR love uncle Loki bear
looks like a pig I think I know this is
so I'm excited
I'll just okay okay tell me don't know I
your phone open oh you see what it is
open it maybe that's not that what it
looks like it is any second
yeah go ahead just open it like just
just open the box
Gavin the presents on the inside see
it's like a container it's four walls it
like holds it inside so you just have to
open the box to get the birthday present
oh just shred it open well you got the
what is that the house bloodshed is that
a sticker what are they you know what's
that another boss so you have to open
ooh
grenades oh no no grenades it's had a
watch boom that's pretty cool that's
pretty cool so fresh is so clean Gavin
what else you got in there got lots of
stickers dude he looked you up fat and
yes saw that what what Kawakawa head
stew those are nice watch uncle Loki
bear's hooking you up fat you know why
I'm talking like that
uncle Loki bear hook and those are nice
headphones dude what do you say to your
uncle thank you so much uncle Logan
alright let's go downstairs and see how
the recording session is going they're
laying some bat tracks down on the beat
yo I don't know what that means
go we get anywhere you embarrassed why
are you embarrassed because you can hear
yourself huh wait I forgot to say this
is gonna be my ear we're recording how's
she doing Ron doing good who's done the
best picked the child that's done the
best so I know it all done great she yet
you have a lot of tricks on YouTube
there's only two that I've got Gavin and
avi he's done best all right recording
this check let's hear it nope you guys
can't hear you have to wait well it's
probably Gavin so far because he
recorded more okay I'm with my little
buddies and you're pushing my history
it's telling me I pushed him I swear I
didn't push him I didn't push you okay
so we are going to get decorations for
hello birthday party on Sunday uh-oh I
realize his birthday is past but we're
having a little get-together with family
on Sunday so I'm excited oh hello Abuk
oh and then we're gonna make Shay and
Ron and the kids for dinner
Alice you isaiah's child cameras are
just exciting I gotta say myself I
wanted okay
that's right now we gotta do some chores
Ziqi need some food I felt wrong were
you here last time we came to pick home
for you I feel like every time you're
here we come to Petco I thought it's mm
here you asked me have you been here
it's a running joke because Colette
never went anyways we're getting food
for the dog and we're gonna go out to
dinner but thynketh hungry so we got to
get him some more some some delicious
nias hey guys so we're at the pet store
getting stuff before we go out to dinner
and look what we found see what that
says guys lieth bird-eating tarantula
you wanna see what it looks like
look at that you have to step up there
can't really see it but it is gigantic
over here there's these chameleons like
off of tangled their tails are curled up
see it's all curled it's really cool and
then over here we got tons and tons of
fish
Oh crammed into one tank okay guys we
are major crisis so that white snake
right there it was in flats and hiding
in it separate tank and it slithered in
a hole over here
so yeah yes I daddy a Goliath
bird-eating spider bird-eating spider oh
my ooh look at that thing spiders are
scary and then look my chameleons from
like a lot hot dogs and icky you want to
get a lot of hot dogs yeah and my belly
will grow big what a big is big and a
little finished car what what if they
don't have hot dogs here yeah they
didn't they do I sure hope so you're
really excited about even talking them
up for like five minutes guys we're
going to Red Lobster
I don't think Red Lobster has hot dogs
but he's been talking about hot dogs I
really hope they do and a lot a lot of
hot dogs what do you want to eat for
dinner hmm
oh you think about it oh oh that's my
friend okay
tell him what you want to do Brock you
need a lot of hot dogs and then what's
going to happen after you'd a lot of hot
dogs can you throw up
what do you do
your belly gets my belly gets bigger and
bigger
he's gonna talk about hot dogs for a
little while now husband would you get
order please we got some appetizers we
love
oh I going to eat a lot of blue hi bud
good to see you miss you Oh Nelly sucks
much for this I think we're ready to
order
rewriting yeah where you got go ahead
tell what you want I don't want a lot of
hot dogs bring a wheelbarrow full of hot
dogs a little broccolis sell you want
how many hot dogs you want five ten to
go not a lot of face bring a lot of hot
dog
do you have my dogs no we don't know
they don't have hot dogs
why would you make this child you want a
lot of hot dogs so may you protect you
yeah cheeseburgers we just have that we
just had the one big size noodles
the big one you want a big cheeseburger
cheese yeah
you have mac and cheese or a big
cheeseburger hey give me a bow a big
cheeseburger Jack Dan he's trying to
help me pick out earrings where we I
need to find sparkly earrings and some
black heels for tomorrow's shoot we are
doing a music video for ring out wild
bells that's the last music video that
we haven't filmed yet on the sparrow and
the birch album and it's a hard song it
doesn't really have a set order so it's
hard to remember which verse is coming
up next for me so hopefully I get the
words right so I was playing with my
ride so and he got jealous and he said
he wants one of those but if they have
it in blue really yeah
so you don't want to get in the shoes
you want to get him that he was a cannon
huh that Tim Tim okay well then I think
that's a good present okay we found some
sparkly earrings he found some shoes and
we found a pack of wild children hmm you
did why the toilet the men's toilet was
know has enough and I knew what I wanted
to see the guy she wanted if I did she
came out these ladies walk past the
vendor they look better
they thought that does not look like a
man what do you think you look super
weird don't cut my hair on my hair so it
Amanda I'm a man and I'll make us my I
breath German that's what happens when
your man you don't have eyebrows all my
hair I'm bald and have no eyebrows
sorry man I guess apparently to ME you
guys are bald and you have no eyebrows
hurry friendly home
looking tired I missed it he was tired
he was laying on the wood floor just
with his head on the floor
but then he taught me Paul the Camrys
like yeah it's good hey walk over here
oh you're so brave my big Walker boy
yeah Oh girls dig you Oh fine
oh I didn't push you down down here come
give me less hungry loves this is your
Walker now your wobbly but you're a
walker yeah and we're gonna watch a
movie
we are yeah how about you guys watch a
movie I'll fall asleep yeah no watch
asleep what's up okay I'll try to stay
awake I gotta get up early we got an
early shoot tomorrow and you're gonna
stay with Daddy all day how do you feel
about that oh I know it's gonna be
exciting
oh I keep you bones it's so cool cos all
right hold on explain to them the sorrow
that we have that they cannot appreciate
what's going on right up here in the
stratosphere okay see like how amazing
this moon has a beautiful ring around it
a rainbow yeah and it just it's over
like millions of miles
it's like obvious sky huge and I try to
take a picture of it for Instagram but
it does not do it justice and even see
it on McCain yeah doesn't even show up
on the camera it's one of those things
no one's gonna believe us they're gonna
be like whoa man just that's why you
have to explain it to them in magical
works okay we guys know what a circle is
right imagine a circle like this no is
it bad to patronize people think you're
a little bit yeah a genuine not how
beautiful it is out here
there's this quiet calm and it's not a
hundred percent quiet there's the sound
of just nature pulsing
you can hear it and then you look up the
wind is like gently blowing this crisp
air across your face you can smell snow
and pine and cedar and animals and then
you look up and you see the wonderful
moon just brightly shining down in you
it's lighting up the mountainsides you
know with this beautiful blue gray light
and then around it is this massive
circle of condensation or cloud or
whatever that's coming from it's coming
from the moon and it you just feel so
small you feel so a part of everything
as well because the circle just sort of
like it's like hey guess what
we're all together that's what I'm
talking about dude that was good that's
exactly what I wanted because that's
exactly how I feel that's what it's like
out here right now
it's magical no it's I like to explain
it like I feel like I'm in a giant open
room like a I don't know it's like a
theater like where you can almost hear
like echoes and it's yeah I love it I
hear anyways the camera does not do it
justice but there basically looks like a
giant eyeball in the sky and the moon is
the pupil and you know the iris is like
a rainbow of mist as Ron described it I
feel like snow is gonna start falling
just in that circle and it's beautiful
ire be like a tear from the giant eye
dog we're saying goodbye Ronald is
driving back to Salt Lake and he's
flying home to Los Angeles at 6:00 a.m.
in the morning oh yeah I'm so excited
I do not envy you my friend thank you
for coming up and recording my children
for our new rap video yes have fun in
your steam room I'll be good don't worry
I'll get out here getting your Ram 1500
truck on out of here yes well
to the branches in
and the sound
Oh that'll winter parts it'll winter
park say sadly Socrates daily song title
too much let us hope our this is
Christmas Day
that'll winter parts in a winter box a
sentence out a single song title team
personnel school for this is Christmas
Day
