all right we have a situation there's a
mouse in my room watch out are you okay
babe I have a routine so let me just
want to show you my what do you call it
my regiment I don't call it Eddy I don't
know why I'm like a what wait here's my
motto wondering what you're gonna do it
on oh if a little bit is good that all
of its the best and then he gets it in
his eyes then I got eyes they're burning
but I started to moisturize you gotta
take care of your skin it's never too
late to take care of your flawless skin
maybe it's Maybelline I don't know
that's what it's never too late to cut
your hair even morning I'm pretty
disgusting
I'll admit while you're hideous is the
Larry Beaver guys I love I love my
husband and I think he's very handsome
but it's time for a haircut in my
opinion I love his hair eNOS sometimes
now I'm done now it's time but you are
down how you're keeping it can I tell
him why you're keeping it okay I'm not
ashamed being just to listen oh man I'm
so excited to tell you guys not a new
song I am Ron just wrote I just listened
to and we're gonna make music video work
I know okay so he's keeping his beard so
after after the Philly game cuz he's
going without Fiat to a game right yes
and you I yeah I want to look Todd if
I'm gonna be okay it's a long story so
long story me okay listen are you a
Philadelphia Eagles football fan number
69 on the Philadelphia Eagles big giant
dude has a giant beard he got us
sideline tickets to go to the game and
so Collette wants me shave the beard
which I'm going to but I just said
listen I'm gonna be on the sidelines of
an NFL football game there's a lot of
testosterone there I just
to have this like such a great man thing
you know like just let me keep it till
after the game so I admit yes I want to
look tough at a football game so I want
to keep my beard I don't care what the
song is as long as you cut it before our
anniversary that's all I ask
I will be a bald-faced shade you can
just kiss my smoothness well you're
gonna have to be bald face in my face a
trim
let's just trim it up a bit bit I don't
know why what is this let's get giving
me new face oh I just have a bunch of
stuff that I got in some gift baskets at
some point in time doesn't go away oh
that's weird
wait wait I'm gonna grease oh wow this
is a lot this is like honey you already
have one on dude I'm gonna oh I'm
looking what am i created uncreated a
mod ah all right I hear a bunch of
ruckus over here Oh
oh sweet what does he think about it
don't touch it
Oh golly danger zone I think so this is
Sun tarts present from his grandma from
his great-grandma oh I'm surprised he's
not terrified of it it seems now in
Scorpio and Brock right
okay love it love it yes I know what you
want for Christmas like a cat with a
light go get it I hurt your knees huh
you guys are gonna have to start walking
huh are you cleaning out the closet
where'd you find this I like that um I
found it on the floor don't ask me where
it was before that I have no idea dude
this is my ski hat I skied in this huh I
can't wait to go skiing so this is the
room you're focusing on right now yeah
okay the closet get in the closet put
together running out of hangers which
tells me we need to get rid of some
clothes I do know there's definitely you
know what I decided I'm not a medium
anymore
when I was doing marathons and I was
like right in the middle all those
marathons I got a lot of mediums and I'm
definitely not like this shirt for
instance I love this shirt that is like
one of my favorite shirts like any of
vlogs that I'm in wearing that shirt
like for my favorite vlogs cuz I feel
like I was so skinny to fit in that
medium oh crap I'm tripping over the
ladder tripping over ladder this is like
you know a skinny medium but I think
that shirts so cool Volcom well yeah cuz
I like that one but there are some
mediums I'm gonna get rid of ya I'm a
large well it could be a little hey bud
levy love you oh I oh I gotta hurry the
blogs uploading hey this is a weird
thing it's weird now that we say the
kids names so I was thinking how should
I title the vlog today happy birthday
son tart or happy birthday Gavin Gavin
hey should I
title today's vlog happy birthday son
tart or happy birthday Gavin or do you
care
which one would you say yeah Gavin what
you guys doing huh you think son tard
gage what are you guys making you guys
cleaning something um no I'm me boy they
are putting a cutting a pomegranate
I want a cinnamon toast whatever you're
making what are you doing are you the
baby huh Casey
Kaylee's in Los Angeles and Casey's in
Logan shooting the video and Rufus face
is making cinnamon toast deliciousness
is that what you're doing house full
guys were you tired this morning yeah we
didn't get home till midnight we got
back from Salt Lake at midnight last
night
yeah then they'd wake up at 6:00 a.m. so
they got six hours of sleep last night
house was a tiring retired yes I make a
goal where I woke up at 6:20 and got you
ready to 6:30 like 6:30
watch where you're swinging that knife
bro here to 6:30 I do my hair to 640 and
640 is 650 I dance
sounds like you had quite the strict
schedule all right
hanging out we're watching these guys
it's slumber party night huh whoa
Superman in Carefree or break some
knuckles spats loop over it's a
sleepover we're gonna have the flipsie
have a little bit after them you guys
want to play soccer tournament tonight
yeah but it's school night so you have
to be in bed by 9:00 I love that rule
that's one of the best rules there is
tickle tickle tickle all right like
sitting on there that's cute you guys go
check this out mom's view
I love it Carly and Kaylee and Angel and
the moms of you doing a little rap song
just rapping and singing Oh check it out
I love this wait what you did haha how
fast are you gone I was going 94 not go
fast in lady
Ronaldo's here everybody drops shut the
rugs wrong here because he has a new
song can we tell him wrong it's good hey
I like it I like it guys well you'll
hear it in a week or two or three
probably well see anyways we're gonna
shoot a music video ron has put down
some phat beats and we're working
together on a track y'all we see in the
studio
kids are nothing on it right unless you
do I liked your anyways he loves Elfie
alright we're making dinner tacos or
tacos we'll talk
Taco Friday Taco Friday
good to be home oh here's the funny
thing I got to tell this so Ron send me
the song yesterday and he's like hey I
need to get the kids to sing on it and
he's like when can I come up I'm like I
don't know she come tomorrow so he's
like okay so yesterday I told her on to
come to Idaho so he flew to Salt Lake
rented a car and drove her how we do it
there do it like just come here right
now he's like okay see you tomorrow Mike
a sweet baby in a bulb baby in a bulb
I think that thing is bigger than your
head boys on the tree at one point this
room we started decorating it and then
we left and now it still looks like this
hey Merry Christmas
he's almost Christmas you're my love
Christmas baby doing I love you Oh give
me pose I love those look at these toes
there's a pesto's oh baby like what
Mommy B there's hope all right we have a
situation
watch out okay
we brought ma'am you didn't cover the
cat game is the thing mommy mommy come
here here show us or is it in there boy
the jacks did she smell it coming right
there's look look I mean let me look
it's not a mouse get it in the shoe no
she smells she she's not a story to the
shoe mammy kids it's down on the shore
she's gonna get it what have we done I
shall not see it but she I think she can
see it was just hard to get like you
it's like down in the shoe finally
putting her to work
I saw the mouse there kid it mammy I
just saw his bottom oh she's gonna do
that oh she got it she's got it girl get
it get it get him get good girl good
good mom
good mama you got it hey there open the
door she wants to get out
think she'll hold on to it yeah she's
got it kid go let her out don't let her
go cat if she has in her mouth she
didn't she killed it
oh yeah she killed it now she killed it
good job
mammy okay here pick it out let's take
her outside
okay don't good girl mammy good go grab
that Tupperware tray well that's that's
uh this circle of life the cat killed
the mouse where is it you're gonna take
it alright mammy good job you came
through I'm proud of you pulling your
weight around here
alright it's time to go to the salon
it's been too long
alright is this a salon yeah today I do
makeup hair and Nick they don't see ya
along here okay oh that's beautiful
well I actually already have my nails
done but I would love to get my hair
done or my makeup done oh that's a good
one or the other because I have to go to
the other salon for the other okay how
come your combined salons what cuz they
didn't want to oh it's beautiful
Wow okay we've decided to do makeup
today do you like it so far
so far I just have some bronzer on and
my little colleague here is just eating
a chip he's very hard to keep happy
right now I'm not sure what is going on
maybe getting teeth oh I am Miss Emmy I
do hair makeup and nails is how much yes
I have
we get lot to show more no aunty gosh
yourself Oh salt I love your nails
okay I'm getting a pedicure no you're
not doing the pink I look at them all
okay baby so long on my foot I don't
know maybe the foot brush not the
hairbrush
sure I think it's actually a rice cooker
be sure to watch that before we use it
one side is that yeow-kee likeness take
you to pedicures more often this is fine
oh you look so pretty
you just got some blush I'm getting I
shadow right now she tried to do my
scarab it was scary so we decided not to
do mascara I made me giggle
hey is it a problem it is I just tickles
me you things it's just cold your eyes
occasional chair uh-huh dude first King
lots of people absorbing this okay how
do my lips look are they done yeah you
talk like it's not done yet
oh yeah because my appointment with the
other salon for my hair is
ugly girl ah all right
I'm finished you like it now we're going
to the other salon I derivative of the
radius long braid gave this one thank
you very much it was wonderful
you're welcome bye you can pay any kind
of money one hi don't get my hair done
here is that all um and a massage okay I
think yes max ouch I'll be 40 cents okay
but you're not paying yet so I'd like to
get your signature under this
oh I'm signing okay I'm putting my
minion down look Brock getting his hair
done I think it looks cool like that
okay here is your visionary particular
for sure see oh you're getting done but
I'll just give you your seat and
obviously systems okay let's see what
did I have the spa massage that just
tested one thing I have so much hair and
makeup oh well I didn't have makeup done
here right yeah I know I just wrote that
down excessive things we have oh okay
there's that it's sixty cents okay well
I'll give you then I'll give you change
Oh change no you can keep it at the tip
and you can get this as a tip so yes
sure two of you yeah okay thank you
thank you I do have a piece a gang so
you can go outside and place your baby
or my minion this is my minion where did
he go serious he's my minion
do you guys like it I got a massage and
I got my hair
and then I got my makeup done any salon
so I am ready to go on a date where can
i taped yeah
it's called if you write it's called the
Scott in my bag in it the food in my
bathroom the spot in my bathroom oh yeah
I like that that was cool yeah we might
have to Google
yeah prize it's interesting to see the
kids like wanting to start their own
little salon businesses a B especially
that little girl is like a future CEO
she's always wanting to make money or
start a business or just do something I
think that's the true secret to well to
starting your own business working for
yourself is the C I think that's the
American dream anyways I digress thank
you for watching today's vlog normally
today would be like my last day because
I'd be like case you guys on Monday cuz
it's Friday
we're doing blog you know Bruderhof
December so we'll see you guys tomorrow
on Saturday this is the end slate you
can click on yesterday's vlog you can
click on that film lucky button if you
want to see what we have been doing
every single day for the last five years
that's what those one two three four and
five
for instance what was the Shaytards
doing exactly on this very day five
years ago you can go click on that
number five and find out or if you're on
a mobile device all those links will be
in the video description below just
click on that show more button and it
will reveal a luxury I like a lot of
links to click on a lot of clickable
links okay love you guys see you
tomorrow bye
