here goes the birthday boy what not that
was good yeah All Right see you later
hotel today we are celebrating Gavin's
birthday so we're gonna just go do
whatever the heck he wants it's totally
his day so he gets to pick where we eat
what we go to do AIIMS presents he's 11
years old huh you have big brother he's
11 11 now let's go all right birthday
boy what are we doing today where are we
going
regarding the to a drag queen place but
it doesn't open till 3:00 next one so go
buy some stuff for yet the mall does
that make you feel bad that we didn't
buy you any presents yet um excuse me Oh
have we
yeah yes we have well I haven't bought
you any presents let's go to the mall
and I'll buy you some presents what
Brock has the matching game should we
sing happy birthday tea an hour later
happy birthday - happy birthday dad -
hey there
yeah dad 11 years old 11 years ago today
our very first baby
hiccup inna Zambian a sentiment I
thought we were doing a zombie birthday
- all right let's go celebrate this
birthday
say that again Rock we got an ed
Bassmaster back here hey ed Bassmaster
wants look at it yeah
this is like just look at it you look at
it
we're in Salt Lake now just heard David
Archuleta on the radio and then I just
texted him if you wanted to come to
lunch
hey just texted me back and he goes oh
hey I did eat I just asked me one of eat
lunch how cool I might go away weirdo
I'm like hey that's David Archuleta on
the radio let's text him so he just
texted us back hi David
thanks for text me back Salt Lake City
is so progressive they have the rental
bikes that we saw are New York ones but
they're blue in New York yeah these are
green because they're better for the
environment right break it you buy it
sisters all right there's the Salt Lake
Temple that building took 40 years to
build to the day that's a big squeaky
train right there
Oh case you're wondering all right we're
gonna get some food they're gonna go buy
some birthday presents okay so now we
are in probably one of the biggest
bookstores in solid whoop we found it
who out your CV we see we found it honey
look you're famous that's my wife she
sang this CD so we're gonna take this
benkei's I cool ha ha ha
somebody else you're selling a CD that's
awesome
how's that flow to you and look Peter
Hollens is right here too and the piano
guys the piano guys Lindsey Stirling's
right here babe I'm proud of you this is
a big moment where are they right here
Sparrow in the birch first sale that is
so cool babe that's awesome
your musician job Callie and the cross
family and broadcasting Legos is that
Jarvis is it really boy heck everybody
who knows sell them stuff in here
Harvey's selling calendars you're
selling CDs is awesome
let's buy all of these I got a bad I
should buy all of them I'm buying one
I'm definitely buying my wife's CD you
find it your wife sells a CD in a store
you buy it that's the rule
what know one thing one thing no by
buying it the first opportunity I have
to buy my wife CD I'm not gonna leave it
here for somebody else to buy I'm buying
it is my CD you can't take this for me
to pull out of my dead goldfish
are you excited how does it make you
feel you feel bashful does it yeah I'm
so cool gosh so cool here's Alex Boye a
he's one of the fellow wise men that we
shot that video with he was there on set
all day yesterday
this dude is funny he's very talented
singer but he's a funny guy he laughs
funny funny guy oh he did
well that's cool all right so if you
guys go to Deseret book be sure to go
find Sparrow in the birch and buy one
okay they're right here on the shelf so
right next to Lindsey Stirling's new
album yeah Lindsey Stirling my wife
that's awesome that makes me happy
there's a David Archuleta Christmas
album let's see if he'll sign that for
us all right so basically I want to
support all my friends I'm gonna buy
Peter Hollens CD the piano guy see and
jarv ease tempo book Oh also hold on I
have to go ask David will you sign our
CD we sign that David Archuleta please
no dance he's not gonna sign it he said
he won't sign it I'm not buying this
anymore
no okay I'll buy did you just say you
know this is my wife's CD we were
wondering David look this is Colette CD
Colette and her sisters yeah you're not
the only one selling CDs in here David
Archuleta mm-hmm hi Hey all right we're
in the mall now that giant wreath Gavin
decided you guys order a cheesecake
factory look are you having a good time
it's fun huh so Gavin want to go to the
Cheesecake Factory to get food and then
we're gonna go with what what
girls together forever 21 and getting to
know whatever where were you what if we
stick together as a family because it's
hands birthday he doesn't want you guys
to ditch him to go shopping at some lame
girls store he wants to hang out with
his family it's kind of like it's kind
of like oh I actually want to get a
Jersey me in case you're going to the
Philadelphia Eagles Dallas Cowboys
football game Eagles of course Wow we
got the fancy drinks today huh spare no
expense for the birthday boy pina
coladas on Gavin these are alcohol free
right did you take the rum out of
Vermont okay good good good yeah it
looks really good I should have got one
of those why do you guys always get the
good stuff have a drink
David you don't have to just get water
dude you could have got a pina colada
you want a peanut colada
hydration I know I've been eating crappy
the last couple days a lot of fast food
well ain't no love from me you're such a
good example
that's what out of my face haha
oh right hits birthday singing time
alright I want you to be on base Dave's
gonna do tenor soprano alto he is ready
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear Gotham happy
birthday to ya thanks guys
what'd you wish for don't tell me can't
tell you turn that around loosely that
was Siri
that's happy birthday gather happy
birthday Kevin hey I saw comment last
time you said cha-cha chick and somebody
said when is a bi gonna grow out of that
cha-cha chicken face do you think he'll
ever grow out of the cha-cha chicken
face like when you say chicken I know
for one thing I'm never gonna grow out
of the cha-cha chicken face because I
love the cha-cha chicken what is cha-cha
chicken by the way this is something to
have a chick
I don't know Todd tried chicken says it
to C&C means crazy and her family's
crazy Amen sister if there was a cha-cha
chicken dance what would it look like
let's see it let's see your chakra
chicken is that the best cha-cha chicken
oh it was a short-lived cha-cha chicken
we'll figure it out alright doing some
clothes shopping
man mr. stud muffin or are you looking
so handsome put that hat on let's see
you like that hat like that coat we're
doing some shopping and turn around yeah
that's a cool dude right there
fans yeah you want to get that whatever
you want dude your birthday my debit
card is your debit card lets us buy some
cool stuff you get a hat find something
you like mirror mirror on the wall who
is the baby cutest of them all mm little
bit of you you a little bigger the
cutest baby but mom it's me it's his
birthday you have to give him the title
of cutest baby today okay okay so we
lost Rock and then we found him in the
Disney Store that's why we're here we
didn't normally come in here I don't
come into the Disney Store to buy stuff
I don't wish I was a Viper oh girl
what
Oh chandeliers the pink chandelier look
down oh how could I resist it oh my gosh
that's so pretty here oh my goodness
look how do you resist it well guess
what christmas is coming open them all
back I love this door I am a 5 year old
girl at heart always such a pretty but
you success please I already told them
no honey I know you're a 5 year old girl
art too aren't you
we're at church every single day for the
next year and all this we my Halloween
costumes I know I'm sorry me at my
birthday present at my Christmas present
please no I have to say no christmas is
coming honey what will Santa get you if
you get yourself something here we are
the front door of the Salt Lake City
temple you guys I just want you to
appreciate the history and the time and
the sacrifice that went into building
this building back then in the year what
was it 18 and 53 they did not have power
tools they had very limited resources
but they sacrificed and worked hard to
make this gigantic granite building
whatever you believe about God or
religion that doesn't matter just the
sacrifice and time and commitment to
building something like this is
phenomenal I used to do granite I used
to use power tools to do granite and
it's still hard I cannot even imagine
doing this with just hand tools they
used to use oxen to drag these giant
granite blocks from the mountain they
would go up here in the mountains in the
valley and they would get these giant
blocks and pull it down every detail
fine
I mean just the carving all of this just
to think about you know the man who
installed these doorknobs I touched the
same doorknob that he touched
so cool holiness to the Lord very very
nice
I'm not trying to shove my religion down
your throat I'm just sharing with you
something that is very valuable to me
and that's what these videos were about
my experience and my life we don't make
these videos for you guys I hope you
know that we make these videos for us
so this is important to us and if you
don't like that then just don't watch
unsubscribe
I would rather you didn't watch our
videos then leave mean comments so
there's plenty of stuff on YouTube that
you can watch go watch that you don't
have to watch our videos that's fine
we're okay with that I would rather you
went and watch something else than leave
a mean comment like you're always
shoving your religion down our throats
if you feel that way then just leave if
you don't like having my religion shoved
down your throat don't watch my videos
that is so simple right that is like a
no-brainer almost but yoga baby yoga do
baby yoga like you even stop the sand
cute dude where's your baby yoga there
it is nice move that's a baby yoga yeah
turkey cook a year are you going are you
Lily wave Pacific what is Madhu
wacked-out my god I mean I just weapon
he's trying to clobber he killed me
thinking his brother gonna get his
brother is gonna get his brother that's
adorable
oh no no sliding down the sacred edifice
oh yeah no sliding no sliding down the
sacred sense of pit this we stop we
watch did you understand that almost
over that was going so fast careful here
my is worth it you're so tough they
hurt my student it was worth it
Dax get where you going where are you
going
your brother's gonna get you you better
hurry
you better hurry oh good brother there's
a brothers he's a good brother just
trying to get a kiss from me won't you
trying to get away
he wants the corn I'm a big boy dad I
can climb they look there's our five
kids no we made those right I love them
even though they're sliding down no
sliding down the sacred edifice Oh cause
it's like two came on oh they came on
you guys let's go look at the Christmas
lights oh they're beautiful
holy crap let's go look at on I guess I
thought ordering right now guys look the
Christmas lights came on let's go walk
around and look look at all them lights
Wow I feel like this Christmas it's
Christmas out here we can Emma laughs
all right now it's time to really
celebrate Gavin's birthday in style I'm
gonna kiss you you better run you better
run boy I'm gonna tackle you I'm gonna
tackle you boy it's the birthday boy at
the trampoline world
hey behalf get to the top see if you can
make it to the top of that get a full
sprint and get to the very top okay go
and she goes lady gently kiss you make
it to the top go go go go go go
no this is fun we've been here a few
minutes and I'm worried out of breath
it's the holiday season the way this is
set up is it's almost like a skate park
it's like fun boxes and stuff okay I'm
gonna try to act like a skateboarder at
the X Games I'm gonna do a barrel roll
over that K but try it
barrel roll my cat escaped Burke it's
kind of like setup like a skate park
all right so Gavin are you watching the
soccer or you just staring all those
girls listen just because you're 11 does
mean you start creeping on girls yet huh
watching just cuz of soccer because our
cute girls because it's not green the
key haha at least he's honest this place
is awesome like there's a soccer field
in here with a bunch of looks like
teenage girls playing soccer
Gavin starin get out here young lady
you go pee okay go pee I'll go watch the
baby pink we gotta watch the baby class
to be best birthday ever
well that is not the birthday boy I'm
not actually sure we're the birthday boy
as soon as we got here he took off hi Oh
jumping me do you like this place fun
huh so we're at a trampoline place in
Kaysville Utah I can't read what it's
called I think it's gone air or
something like that but it's fun it's
like this giant where
just full of they've got this big
dodgeball area hi ah do you spy a little
baby and the pit there is
all right Lucas what do you got you do a
cool trick don't let us down let's see
something sweet
okay go here she goes
cartwheel back handspring can you back
handspring into the foam pit do it
here she goes here you go there she goes
nice gonna try that
alright we're about to enter the
dodgeball arena I'm gonna win K we're
gonna win who know I'm on their team
ready go come on your team going down
birthday boy going down birthday boy you
want me to show you why whoever owns
this is a genius businessperson I'll
show you this right now check us out for
parents who just don't want to deal with
all the trampoline crap they have huge
massage chairs over here how smart is
that you own this business is very smart
get some massage chairs for Grandma and
Grandpa and everybody who doesn't want
to jump on the tramp
good job
oh no crowding bro Gavin with next oh
right in front of the birthday boy huh
that's not cool
here goes the birthday boy flip not good
yeah it was good
what nice good job and he's in our
basement
yeah
nice aw cute girl at the trampoline
Utrecht
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you
invite your but about your but I'll buy
the right now by that but I'm gonna
buddy
you better run
thank you like a leprechaun or something
bounding Thursday okay we found it's
like doesn't look that cool but it feels
show us you do a front-flip
on the wall and then you slide down but
it's very disorienting because we do a
front flip and you flip you expect to go
around but then you land and slide the
opposite direction that you feel like
you're gonna go it's very disorienting
let me demonstrate yeah uh-oh
looks like the junior jumper just showed
up what's up junior jumper
you wanna try this hook him up that like
he's gonna wake up right when we leave
and you'll want to try it it's gonna be
strapped in
nice front flip over the gap not a kid
alright he's gonna try to land it top
card had a kid nice hey ready did you
guys think it's fun there's a big smile
Rafi fine
I think yeah
hahaha my grandma kisses grandma kisses
Oh kisses kisses boy
grandma's rockin the Argyle grandma did
Argyle dance grandma got my salt I got
my song town you up here just your boobs
bouncing here to see grandma on our way
home quick you know it's don't know how
to kisses you can see my kisses give
kisses you will take your kisses kisses
give daddy kisses give it a birthday boy
kisses that's not grandpa quitter gotta
get out of here bro oh that was no no no
and then Daxton beat us all within an
inch of our lives what is up with that
violent little baby I don't know hey
guys thank you so much for watching the
video - Terry so listen I have a very
very cool announcement Colette and her
sisters Callie and Devery and her dad
Vince and her brother Adam the little
Crofts family Christmas crew that did
the sparrow in the birch CD that's for
sale in Deseret bookstores they are
going to be doing live performances and
CD signings and a few Deseret books in
Idaho and Utah so if you live in the
Idaho Utah area I'm gonna leave two
links below for Facebook like events
that Callie has made so if you guys want
to go see them perform sparrow in the
birch live and they'll sign a CD and you
can look it up pretty faces links to
that below thank you for everybody who
has downloaded it on iTunes and
supported it on Bandcamp I am addicted
to it it is a great great CD and it's
great for the Christmas of the season so
if you haven't got it get it and if you
go to a desert book I just it's just
sort of something cool about you know
that traditional thing of go
to a store and seeing something that you
made it's it's I was so excited and
proud of you know my wife and the whole
family you know so good job to them
anyways links below click on a video
love you guys see tomorrow dude hey
write long vlogs I've been trying to get
them up early of a work I think these
have been good blogs we're doing vlogmas
every single day hey also you guys
helped us get to 3 million subscribers
last Christmas do you guys remember we
hit 2 million subscribers last Christmas
so I like man that would be awesome if
we had 3 million subscribers by this
Christmas so tell a friend bring a
friend over to the Shaytards
say hey check out these guys are fun I
like to watch what makes me happy makes
me smile maybe you like to smile and be
happy I don't know I just seem it just
seems like that's something that people
like to do to be happy and smiling so
try this check it out click on the link
stuff like that
3 million be a great Christmas present
kay love you guys were doing everyday
vlogs in December
