hello good morning it's time for a
beautiful day
I'm tired we have to go swimmin crazy
kids good morning we're going to this
really mean book morning where we do
this where don't we do this very people
that paddle oh yeah we're going to this
way I'm a fool good morning
it's a shame it's it's really it's not
even 9:00 a.m. I would depend at 3:00 I
was editing the Shaytards for now we're
going swimming right together left
together right together left together
family that goes to the swimming pool of
everything goes he goes horrible you're
off tiny tax didn't mean you could do
this way better than these losers we're
trying to choreograph our walk to the
swimming pool just for the fun of it I
know I saw there's a Christmas tree so
festive
okay okay this looks fun
I'm swimming oh I like it
is it cold I like your boots
come here brother Bobby D in Murray's
gonna get in oh cool let's go
is it warm we'll let me try I want to
try okay I'm coming
Saxon like yes ma'am I'll get onto it
all right you guys let's have a contest
let's see who can run the farthest
outside
you want to come baby tire it's freezing
cold outside this says two outdoor pool
fool who's comes I'm sure about this
we're gonna get the puddin omen yeah I
was asleep but now I'm awake cuz we're
soaking wet and we're running outside
oh here's the other pool there's an
outdoor pool don't let the door shop
you'll get locked out yeah we should go
over there and knock on the door oh look
there's the outdoor floor you see my
breath
it's freezin I've gone back in the pool
I'm freezin right oh dude
you're gonna get stuck you're the
farthest proper you cold you cold I'm
going back to the pool I'm gonna catch
the plane no me
pora jump in the pool you're gonna catch
the plan no Meah Meah
hurry oh that was it slow so we almost
caught the Pannonian yeah but we're safe
now
you're cute
here too it's getting a little hotel
lobby water Irwin check it out you guys
look we're in the newspaper on the
health side your first picture of us in
here somewhere
largest nativity scene created and Provo
breaks world record yeah that's where we
were yesterday
mhm let's see if there's more pictures
yeah look that's my fellow wise man
that's Richard he has a YouTube channel
called boardshorts it's really good we
hung out like all night making jokes he
was the one holding the camel that's
cool
yeah that was us yesterday right by
those mountains do we meet her yeah I
think we got our picture taken with her
and now it's time for some citrusy
refreshing this really tastes like
ranges all right take one of those
papers with your mom let's go upstairs
and show Mom all right we're out of the
pool out of the hotel we're actually
leaving Provo now heading to Salt Lake
but first we got to get lunch with
Colette sister Callie she's the one
that's in charge of the Christmas family
music oh hi Callie what are you doing
ready to eat some Rubio's tacos we're
going to Rubio's because we miss Los
Angeles and we used to get Rubio's tacos
maybe twice a week while we were there
Collette is not the biggest fan but we
all are I told her she should go to the
firehouse subs it's right next door you
want to get a sub - it's
oh look they have good the best subji
ever had nacho she's got her nap shows
when I got my Taco Tuesday tactic Taco
Tuesday Taco Tuesday give me five I love
when it's Taco Tuesday thank you thank
you
that's a cheer oh not a cheat you know
that's a cheer oh it's sugary err than a
cheeto how's your lunch is it good
yeah you do by yourself
all right there you go here hey you
might need this
take that with you go fill it up
a little dude
all by himself with the big guys he's so
cute and you ain't got his drink all by
himself
look at him good job dude a little head
bobbing good boy you did it all by
yourself
did you drink good job I'm proud of you
you did it all by yourself bite your
face on them
are you scared by all those big guys are
you brave you're brave I'm proud of you
all right guys so my dad thinks he can
make peace of crashing that
I try again bitch I get how close was I
was I close we're try one more time
sorry
don't worry about it sorry I would just
throw in paper and you were your
collateral damage all right Rolly Rolly
Rolly what you eating check it out we're
in a different newspaper - as the
Deseret News I actually just tweeted
this article how funny is that I saw
this article online that somebody
tweeted to me before I went to the gas
station and saw it in print right hey I
lied yesterday I said there was 2100
angels there were just over a thousand
angels but it still broke through yeah
we still broke the record but this is
cool this talks about us in here here
let me read it to you I'll read it to
you real fast just real fast come on
you're among the youtubers were Shay
Carl and Colette Butler of the Shaytards
oh then you guys also know that David
Archuleta is gonna be singing and also
the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the
piano guys and Peter Hollens will all be
see me singing in this I like this it's
not just Mormons making a Mormon video
these are Christians focusing on Christ
Craig said that says here Butler who is
also known as shade Carl in the videos
he makes with his wife and five kids
reprised a wise man for the nativity a
role that he jokes put his beard to good
use the rest of his family joined the
angel chorus for the video the family's
motivation for trekking to Provo from
Idaho was spiritual Butler said we
figured this was more valuable than
anything else we could be doing today
that's cool
there's caused by the camel what's going
on here making out we went to another
hotel so you guys this is a two-day
shoot the first day was in Provo and now
today we're in Bountiful we're in
Bountiful today so we just got to our
new hotel and we're having a great time
and we're about to go to the shoot we
have to be there in 30 minutes
no one said David Archuleta is gonna be
there the piano guys lots of guys so
we're headed to the the second day -
part of the shoot right now
why oh she does okay we'll get a picture
you guys look look at this temple how
pretty that is open your eyes it's right
in front of you haven't sinned it's very
simple I actually came to the open house
of this town the married temples our
this is this is the bountiful temple
it's beautiful
okay we're in wardrobe right now
remember the story the donkey we missed
him go get it go get it again
Ravan how do you feel to be a donkey Hey
Oh he means he loves that he's excited
don't you know that it's one of the most
noblest mankind no they smell but it
carried married very noble and honorable
high five for donkeys he's allowing me
headbutt kisses do yes okay I saw a lot
of comments because you guys I just put
a little picture of you guys in the vlog
today and people are freaking out here
look they're in real life this is a
movie one more year and you can start
dating unless dad says you'll be 18
they got a good rule I'm gonna
incorporate that rule my life but I
guess dad said all right we're all
getting into costume and brought this
next you ready dude
oh yeah you'll be a wise man you're just
like daddy was dressed yesterday that
cool yeah he's excited
he's totally serious
like I think I'll play with you because
you're playing with me I think you're
cool I think we'll just keep doing this
alright not sure why we think we need to
have football games in here today we're
just waiting to go on all right mommy
tired gonna shoot that the donkey the
donkey steals it oh there's the wise man
you look like Joseph and the Technicolor
Dreamcoat all right let's see you make
one wet quit throwing the balls in the
house okay let's see you make one of
these I'll give you a hundred bucks if
you make one keener donkey baller shot
caller yeah nice house doing this shoot
we're about to go in the living room and
they have one of these in the house it's
just the basketball court yes we are
that's what we always do we go to a
hotel
it's open 24 hours okay well I guess we
have to okay
little wise men's getting a nice beard
oh let me put your crown on you know it
Stewart's doing magic I'm doing magic
guys what kids that is like the biggest
finger you think my dad borrow my ring
again so here is the second manger scene
rock is playing a wise man today
daddy was one yesterday and now Brock's
one today okay go get over there go
stand by him well stand by everybody you
want to see the picture here is all the
kids setting up he is ready it's ready
to be in a major nativity you're not
ready gotta get ready tamil boy here's
cosmo the camel today and baby tarde is
playing Mary the mother of Jesus
hey Mary it was pretty gorgeous
and there's Daxton back there underneath
the tree we're gonna wrap him up for a
present this year
hey that's them alright so we're about
to do the Nativity with the kids and
they're all getting set up and they all
look adorable and they're all hot
weddings they've been in their costumes
for the last two hours
this is the shot we've been waiting okay
let's get the one all right look it
there's a merry little baby Jesus Peter
Hollens kicker in the face we have a
shiny little stars hiding where did he
go
oh there's just shy little guitar this
is quite a feat organizing this little
nativity he's like the cutest our
obsession oh you did shine those stars
you ready dude do it slow okay and very
gentle soft slow good one more time
okay put it back down put it back down
and then put your okay you do it again
I'll stand up can't I'll go really slow
and pick it up really slow with both
hands go ahead go slow and look at it
hold it and look at it good
okay that's a wrap on the shoot I
actually have to do it sure real quick
my mom said while you're there get a
book from Jarvie you guys know jarv he
took all the pictures for our calendar
all I think he did I think every single
oh man yeah
javi took all the pictures for the
calendar this year and he has a brand
new book that's out
Dokdo how long you been working on that
dude 14 months pull up my where I wrote
in my oh yeah I say you are now a
published author wait are you in other
books I'm yeah Dave Ramsey but I just
wrote a little blurb in his book okay no
but there's a whole page where I wrote
about Idaho Falls temple where I was
married to my wife
right after I dr. Lindsay's Lindsey
Stirling oh is she right there he's
right here Oh Lindsey Stirling right
there
throat yeah
Paige is Idaho Falls and then there's a
Carl Butler and so I wrote a blurb in
there so if you want to get jar B's book
go to this website and get yourself
Jarvey digital comm slash temples and
get yourself this book amazing book it's
thick nice pictures mom I got your
coffee okay don't be mad at me
thanks Jarvis kisses
it was pretending to be a bleep right
this is the end of the day I promised
the kids all day that if they were good
unset then we would come swimming so
we're swimming and then we're going to
bed and it is midnight in fact is 12:15
these guys somehow still have energy and
are still up running around the swimming
pool you having a good time
dude it's after midnight you know that
you don't care just having a great old
time of course you do
why not maybe you know like for the
morning will come down kay all right
love you guys see you tomorrow Hey
ladies
say good night say good night I don't
know Colette and accent and Gavin are
asleep when I'm with these three I'm
exhausted
see you guys tomorrow so we are done
with that shoe it was quite the
production man there were a lot of
people involved and it's gonna be really
good it's gonna be up next week on the
piano guys YouTube channel if you guys
haven't heard of these guys they're
named the channels youtube.com slash the
piano guys they make some amazing
amazing stuff and this video will be on
their channel next week so check it out
let me guys it's Gavin's birthday today
we're gonna go he wants to jump you know
those places I have like trampolines
everywhere like on the walls and stuff
we're gonna go jump on the trampoline
and go out to dinner and just hang out
for Gavin's birthday today okay love you
he is 11 years old so you'll see all of
his birthday footage tomorrow we
appreciate you guys watching our videos
and being part of our lives kisses
