are you a wise wise man oh nice I know I
got I don't think I've ever kissed a
wise man well you still haven't okay
today we start out the vlog traveling we
we're gonna blog while we were driving
but we didn't so now we're here at the
hotel and we're excited to be here we're
in where we in Provo works always yes
you did so we can try Twix
Oh lame all right you guys ready you're
so cute and he was such a good boy in
his car seat he did not even cry one
time yeah he's a good boy all right you
ready yep push down hit the down button
good boy whoa look at the view is that a
good view yeah you like those mountains
man I've been up there before at that
why that Y stands for young Brigham
Young University go Cougars yeah my
Uncle Jim and Nancy took me in Casey up
to that why once that's cool we should
hike up there and what I mean by that is
we should just say that not do it yeah
that could be fun but we won't be that
mean but look how pretty this guy is
we're getting ready to go to this he's
so happy I'm gonna die of heat though I
had caffeine it was probably not a good
idea
stop Sean no don't stop laughs y'all
remember remember ah
after he does salt going he always hits
bacon he's drying yeah learning I'll
tell you what there is nothing better
when you come to a hotel than fast
efficient wireless so we just uploaded
an vlog it's always like a major concern
of mine whenever we're traveling when I
can't get the vlog up I've been in
hotels before where I hit upload that's
like six hours remaining and it's like
oh but today here in the Marriott
bless your heart Marriott they went a
fast it was a long walk 25 minutes so
that makes me happy now we're headed to
the park to go to this angelic shoot
I'll tell you more about it once we get
there but first I need some hotel lobby
water mmm that's my favorite it's so
refreshing and sweetness hey there's a
hillside of angels behind you yeah this
beautiful colors angels below angels a
hug by an angel that's a new TV show
this Wednesdays at 7:30 hey hi oh hi I
gotta go yes I do
what's this your CD all right I like CDs
I remember those all right you see that
house right there that's Steven are at
Steven Covey's house the author of 7
habits of highly effective people one of
my favorite books and one that I
definitely recommend that you should
read to change your life watch my
daughter roll down oh snap some angels
are coming over all right we're getting
into angel mode you guys ready door
all Stewart edges here Jedi Knight
Stuart edge sharpies here you're not a
Jedi Knight you're a wise man I'm a
shepherd I'm from the movie Aladdin
Prince Ali Ali Ababwa
show some mojo some respects down on a
thousand bad guys with swords
you do look fabulous honey I'm getting
my man oh okay
can we watch little eyes matter you
travel across the plans to meet the
savior of the world it's dirty it's
dirty business
oh that's cool
I think it makes him nervous here's
Jarek he wanted to be in the vlog so I
said no I'm gonna cut this part out
later but I'm just gonna filming right
now so he doesn't hate me just kidding
I'll put it in but look who we have over
here she's been busy be seated
okay so we're in the tent getting ready
to eat some food and I am so grateful
for my sister's who have come today in
my life that April here Angelia channel
again you have oh no one here 101 day
from April and
yeah because they came to my rescue
caches getting it's wise man Sudan and
I'm like over here juggling all my
children and they're all like I'm so
hungry
and then these guys came to my rescue so
I'm really grateful what you're going to
go what you're gonna go roll down the
grass how about we get your belly full
and then you can roll down the grass and
then you can throw it on that's on fun
okay hey what's your name again
Tyson Tyson wise I live in Sandy Utah
what's your address
just kidding do not say that to meet you
dude jesus loves everyone that is true
yeah very true
look at him the wise man Gong pictures
pictures you're Tyson Tyson is such a
nice guy so I think they're getting
ready to break the world record right
now so all the all the wise men and
angels have to head out there I'm gonna
stay back with the little ones
Oh check it out look at that beautiful
swing oh he likes it Louisa Campbell
that is the actual camel that was there
on TV all right so hey guys were as
evening Stuart we're at the dentist
Supertramp hour is what I like to call
it oh that's that's what you call it the
golden Devin Supertramp our he's here
Jarvis here anymore man youtuber you can
think of us here Alex Boye is over here
Studio C guys are here and 2100 angels
sitting atop that hill
ready to break the Guinness Book of
World Records which I heard is
previously 890 angels were blowing were
doubling them blown them out of the
water excited to be part of this Stuart
edge hmm I am are you wise men - what
are we I am a shepherd
Jedi Knight Jedi Knight Shepherd a Jesus
Jedi Knight Shepherd okay
we're about to make this happen this is
Katie she watches our videos and I was
just freaking out because there's a
camel here on set and she was freaking
out because there's a shaycarl here on
set and Katie said that's my camel I was
like that's your camel it's like that's
my cab listen what's the name is cosmo
the camel and i'm gonna be able to I
think they said that I get to hold him
I'm one of the wise men so I travel with
the camel but anyways we're gonna show
you guys Cosmo more but here he is that
thing a real camel that's awesome
biggest stars on YouTube I'm one of the
biggest stars and actually my buddy you
guys just gave my buddy Charles Trippy
again a spoke a world record war for the
longest consecutive daily vlogs in
history beating none other than me out
up so I almost want to get us booked
World Records but he'd be sorry well
yeah I'm part of this and face the world
sidious beard shaycarl did we beat the
record is it official yeah not yet I
want to be here I'm gonna be standing
right here when we do it don't look at
my location oh look at my little angel
that's not funny just like angel oh no
hair Jackson is trying to find his hand
the a via pull didn't out and either
kiss your hand she was like I'm so glad
you're there I didn't live with you he
is adorable
oh I'm so glad that it's actually warm
okay yeah
alright so this is really cool Peter
Hollens is leading these 2100 angels in
a song oh it's over I missed it dang it
they all sang in excelsis day ho here
they are one more will this field
journals
tonight there's Peter Hollens
directing the choir this is cool oh I
love you
here you go wow this is awesome
 we need you peering at the
mountains Jeremy's getting some major
photos here Nukem huh new it's a new
avatar
it's very magical right now with the Sun
as you say hey buddy wanna shake blue
eyes you see you make a cute baby Peter
thank you baby
oh we tape it up from the top I missed
it we just beat the world record
yeah we did it about gold record that's
awesome cool by Guinness Book World
Record biggest nativity scene is all
these angels or there's some angry
Brooks Laich can you guys shut your
mouths cloud up this looks right here
dirty face it was a long trip by Jesus I
got really dirty look at the Sun on that
mountain oh that's gorgeous is beautiful
alright so we're about to shoot we're
all over here at the tent getting some
food and we're all looking for Brock
nobody can find Brock I look over here
on the hill and he's climbing up the
hill rolling down it check it out
there's a thousand angels and then
there's Brock look at him crawling up
the hill so he can roll it down it here
he goes go go go do let's see it
nice go go go he's gonna be dizzy that
fun that fun just rolling down the hill
making himself in her to entertaining
himself
hey we were looking for you and we found
you rolling down the hill you having a
good time you have fun I love you Devin
just steadicam to me kissing a camel
have you ever said he can't anybody
kissing a camel that was my first yeah
she and again Devin are making looks
making YouTube history in the making
alex is over there dancing
oh alright so I mean Alex Boye we're
just talking about this camel one of our
favorite commercials what does he say
Alex hey y'all my mama was there using
what day we bring a war every day Mike I
think movie day it's moving day it's
world record I will record I'm he's
hilarious
Cosmo hey Cosmo Jays movie dude with all
those angels that's gorgeous
okay so it's about 9:30 at night we're
getting some of the last shots the choir
is doing a great job these guys have
been sitting on the side of this hill
now for probably two hours and they've
sang this song at least 10 times
not more check it out they're getting
the drone shots you kind of see that
helicopter up there on the right right
there it's flying over getting the shots
of the entire choir and there's some of
the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in there
right now - got a smoke
that's cool and then here's the nativity
over here I was hanging out here's the
camel he's my favorite alright look at
that you guys we are hiding out in our
car because it got really cold we could
not finish with the children but look at
all those angels
I replace this down of those things they
sound like bees so this isn't see I
don't know if you see with all the
bright lights
we got pit orchestra Beach in the
hallways and then the major hits right
very very well it's cold so I'm glad we
didn't stay with all the kids it's
really cold they have a donkey on set
and they also have a camel on set and
the donkey didn't like they they had
that drone flying around the donkey
didn't like it he kept trying to run off
so funny I'm a cold so this is pretty
much an epic fog shot dad
this is cool so here we are on set there
Stuart Peter Alex Boye a Cosmo with a
camel Mike Mike Mike Mike there's Mary
and Joseph great welcome that's gorgeous
I think you're done they're gone shoot
we sketch out the background right we
gotta start rappin yeah freemen are you
a wise wise men oh my I know I thought
oh come on I don't think I've ever
kissed a wise man well you still haven't
cuz my friend Cosmo
and now it's photo time with Jarvie
photo time with Jarvey let's all look at
some photos Harvey took ha what child is
this
to rest on Mary's lap is sleeping
Rangers
oh no sweet while chef
char
this is Christ the King whom Shepherds
guard
angel sing haste haste to bring him laud
the babe
my son
man
a bit doesn't like RVs so we didn't get
enough to eat for dinner because we were
rushed around a little bit so we went to
a fast food place in the evening but to
sell sandwiches I grabbed a chicken
sandwich with extra tomatoes and lettuce
grab them some roast beef sandwiches and
she just took a big bite of it
what does it taste like tastes like a
parking lot floor I love I love the
roast beef sandwiches people for the
sauce the Arby's sauce all over it shoes
taste like a parking lot floor how many
times have you tasted a parking lot
floor oh sorry
okay gotta go
doggie hey guys alright that's a wrap on
today headed back to eat some dinner
little guys sleep in backseat are
sleepin see what these buttheads are
doing what's going on keep walking I'm
walking I was vlogging before you were
logging okay guys gotta go I'm vlogging
guys or more importantly though I am
sandwich email so you know it's not
every day that you break a Guinness Book
of World Records but we did today I feel
proud to be a part of this video I will
let you know as soon as it comes out I
think it's gonna be out like a week or
something you know they gotta edit and
put it all together but it was an
amazing experience some of my favorite
youtubers you guys know I love Devin
Supertramp I was in that giant rope
swing of his and just a bunch of people
that I really look up to and respect was
such an honor to be asked to come to be
a part of this and to be able to bring
you guys along with me as awesome thanks
to whoever made this end slate this is
like sparrow and the birds this is the
Crofts family album cover so if you guys
have not downloaded collects and her
family's Christmas album links below I
used that song what child is this that
was my wife singing during those
pictures and that's my buddy Jarvey
check him out on instagram he has a
brand new book that he has out of some
of his photography he's an amazingly
talented picture taker so check him out
a leave a link below for him also love
you guys
happy Christmas we're doing vlogmas i
guess vlog every day in december okay
he's excited all right
thumbs up the video give me a kiss and
leave a nice comment see you tomorrow
