hi I'm login here what do you think
about the turkey so big if you like it
the bounce is open the mouth is open
that's a valid above it's Thanksgiving
and we are we got the turkey in at about
okay we don't want to Thanksgiving
earthquake that is not what we want
he said
you can say no not yet we decorate the
tree this weekend we can't get great the
cheese jester's talking hold on a second
night you're trying to talk hey why rock
today stinks kidding he said no tomorrow
is tomorrow with big sketch he meant to
say yesterday ok yeah it's today
yeah we've got a turkey and we've got
rolls in no come on thanks kidney it's
today now tomorrow yesterday but now
it's today because yesterday is today
Rach wait what tomorrow is today it's
good it's not it's not Thanksgiving yes
it is it is that's why we're quick on
the turkey all right we've got food
cooking so now it's time to get ready
you guys are gonna need a bath and
you're gonna get all dressed up in your
nicest Thanksgiving a choice which party
sweats but as long as you're comfortable
so you can eat lots of fun food we kill
the devil we do on Thanksgiving
that's the Thanksgiving move okay
everybody do the Thanksgiving naps ready
go smells you know the first thing the
kids said when they walked in here what
they walked in and go I smell something
what is that smell I heard lot I was in
the bathroom does I smell that I
you love that thank you honey hi what
you have to stay there don't move
it said Thanksgiving shoulder Happy
Thanksgiving it's starting grandma just
showed up my mom Happy Thanksgiving
oh the turkey looks good mom can wear
your glasses the whole time
oh these are good glass good no I'm here
honey oh we use the old look at this yes
look at this look Cal come up your mom
that looks cool
babe great presentation look at the
color on that day hold on mom I'm
looking at the purse presentation yeah
did Martha Stewart show up this morning
and whip us up the best turkey I've ever
seen I think so did you tell your mom
how grateful you are for making such a
but early Golden Delicious Turkey and
look at these rules well that's pretty
mom what are you putting the cranberry
in that was your grandma's this was that
was grandma Jane I do not want to break
that that is very nice
oh it makes me and we have two hot
dishes maybe I was watching her
boyfriend little Maddie beer apps going
on over
here you guys send the table you're done
you putting the napkins you're such a
big girl
all right how many people are we be able
to fit at this table 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 14 we
have 14 people at this table there's a
big Thanksgiving table right there
ladies and gentlemen in helping grandma
yeah I'm gonna go get shoes on we gotta
help grandma carry all the stuff in you
guys want to see the kitties the kitties
are still around you guys we haven't
killed him yet believe me mama are you
feeding the babies of Thanksgiving milk
oh you food oh no buy booze or drugs
Google milk oh mama where's all the rest
of him look at that
look white one he's totally cuddling
that's pretty cute I got to admit look
it's good over you're cute too but look
at that that's adorable
look at that he's like oh come on you
know there you go look at his white one
has her are on his arm ERISA is the
white one up where a girl have we looked
at that there's a girl look at her she
has her arm around her mama look at
those blue eyes are you kidding other
gorgeous I know excited oh I did sorry
yes ooh just shovel grandma's pudding
been to work oh yeah love all right
where we got left
drinks weird asleep potatoes go Ben got
the sweet potatoes who's here it's aunt
Kawai she has a fox on her hood hit
there Marley yes I heard yeah we're you
gonna go
I'll meet you it's Carly guys luck I'm
here baby what he needed mashed potato
that's my job I get tough power drill
she gives me all the power tool jobs
all right mashed potatoes let's do this
oh I got him everywhere
my bad my bad oh Lisa gets ten bonus
points oh when you in debt you get two
pieces of Turkey more than everybody
else okay no then when you make one else
babies no you get making a baby bed
gonna make a baby hey guys my dad wants
me to get the camera out and film him
cutting the turkey because he's such a
good turkey Qatar get to sing this song
way you cut it though blah blah blah
blah blah this is a beautiful Turkey I
gotta give props to Colette and Candice
this is probably one of the best
Thanksgiving turkeys we've ever had
writing it oh that's true let's hold off
on the compliments till the edible time
comes
dad don't mess it up don't cut yourself
in order to focus sound of them in sight
Wow it looks good it's good yeah way
that out there good looks good oh that's
not my piece I call that so my PC
dropped it take it it's really good
these look really good oh I love
single-dose with marshmallows Sparrow in
the bird morning Janice what are these
explain what these are stuffed delicata
squash yeah quinoa quinoa cranberries
oh I'm excited eat that you just eat it
whole like you eat it out of the squash
I'm going to grab the whole thing just
eat it like a lettuce wrap that's for
the vegetarians
want to be helped these artists are
always ruining Thanksgiving been every
time you come to Idaho for Thanksgiving
so I Eichmann on a big TV look at their
November beards
all right everybody give a round of
applause for the two sisters that put
this meal together oh yeah oh yeah mom
helps everybody helped everybody pitched
in a bed cover band in the crap Lee saw
the baby
all right here another Thanksgiving
dinner table we're gonna say a prayer
and then devour this deliciousness okay
let's do a Talia real quick we have one
two three four five dogs in our garage
and seven cats 13 animals in one garage
yeah so my dad's dogs here Casey's dogs
here the neighbors dogs here my mom's
dogs here and then of course all the
kitty cats are having Thanksgiving milk
wheat de mama baby seems maybe here Oh
got it
ah ghost a sorrowful ghost a songbird
ghost a surfer a surfer oh no sorrow for
Esau you're on our team quit helping us
she said it although you said it sure I
think you said it I heard Lee hard yeah
yeah playing mad gap after Thanksgiving
my high college acquaintance but she
doesn't know she's saying that she has
to know what she's saying hard to count
you ever played this thing blue collar
player close player yeah I call oboe
player I felt that the player
collar blue player they say guys high
color okay my hollow bro player you're
saying it high caliber player high
caliber player got it yeah times like
times up
I've got six last round booyah booyah
you did orange a little harder rice a
little harder then we ate some more and
then we watch some more football and
took some more naps and flagellated and
rolled around on the carpet and rassled
was a great Thanksgiving we hope you
guys had a great Thanksgiving it was
such a good time hanging out with our
family and our beautiful home and just
feeling very very blessed
if Thanksgiving is good for anything
it's bringing perspective back into your
life to remember the things that really
matter and really mean something to you
because you got to value those things
now because heaven forbid the day will
come where you don't have the things
that you value most and you will have
missed the opportunity to show that
thing just how much you care and
appreciate it whatever it may be
hopefully it's family I love you guys
thank you so much for being a part of
our lives and Happy Thanksgiving
you don't celebrate Thanksgiving we'll
just eat some marshmallows and you might
want to put some sweet potatoes under
there but I'm not opposed to just eating
a bag of marshmallows that's cool too
bro I love you I'll see you tomorrow
give me kid bye
