hi I'm logging here all right we're
starting today off with CrossFit it's so
hard to get up in the mornings to come
here but once I do and I get out of my
bed I feel so much better they go the
wrong way we're racing mami tarde they
go the wrong way
yeah do we you guess we won then huh all
the kids I guess I taught him that there
she is Sierra every time we're going
somewhere in two different cars look
here comes co-op it's always a race dad
beat earth dad we gotta win gotta win
we beat you we beat you guys this is why
Brock likes to come to CrossFit because
he likes to hang on the Rings Wow you're
crazy
nice nice smooth that was awesome
all right we got to finish off the
morning with the Jamba Juice hey what
did you write right here and me Zach
CrossFit
do you love CrossFit I'm getting yeah I
got you a Caribbean passion K oh boy
yes sir can I slap on the forehead ah
miss ivy on the forehead a few times
just oh it's just few times you sorta
write it it looks good
I think it's spelled though see ro SS fi
t CR OSS there you go fix it you guys
it's yours album album album the album
the cream smooth l glue the griffith
album you know the one that I sang on
yeah I'm gonna take her shirt off okay
will you leave your shirt on the album
is available now to buy on Amazon CD
Baby you can go on iTunes um Oh anyways
just go watch go watch my channel mind
the video or Kali's we have a little
trailer where you can see where you can
go buy it and um excitable are you guys
i can't formulate my thoughts because
I'm just like it's ready it's here and
if you guys go and buy a physical copy
it's um the special edition I need to
talk to Holly before I tell you this
hold on
okay I'm back basically if you get a
physical copy you will get three bonus
tracks on the CD that are me and my
sister singing with my dad when we were
younger in 1995 so those tracks will be
on any physical copy that you buy are
not available for download the deluxe
version the the version where you get a
signed Christmas card and a picture from
us that is in the band camp you can get
that on Bandcamp so check out the links
there in the video and I'm just I'm like
on cloud nine is there a cloud over here
number nine number nine yeah I'm on it
I'm floating away of the clouds I have
to say I have to give a big shout-out to
my sister Kelly um I'm gonna cry I'm
just so happy that she made this happen
because it would not have happened had
she not made it happen she was
determined and said we are going to do
this Christmas album because we've been
talking about it for years and you know
all of us we have kids and we're like oh
we're just so busy it's not gonna happen
she made it all happen she came up with
all the arrangements to the music she
took care of all the just everything she
took care of everything basically you
know the only thing I did pretty much as
we hosted it at my house when we filmed
with everybody and I just feel like I'm
so grateful that she made it happen
that being said go check it out if you
guys haven't heard it sparrow in the
birch it's our family Christmas album
and I'm so proud of it I'm even more
proud not even more proud but I'm really
really proud of the videos I haven't
seen them yet but I've seen a lot of the
footage Callie is putting them all
together and we're going to be posting a
music video on her channel and my
channel every week until Christmas so
there'll be two music videos a week
every week until Christmas yes sighs
spider-man where's my trouble tie your
truck tie I don't know I haven't seen it
for a while but I'll find it for you
trust me it's somewhere in this house
just smile with me guys that's all I ask
even if you don't go by it just smile
with me because I'm happy I'm really
happy let's go see what Shay's doing
let's go find him oh is this an editing
party
you are and it's a mess when I got the
floor so that he could roll around
he's just been going back and forth
around the desk he had this drawer oh
but he's just hanging out with Daddy
well you know you're the best dad ever
you're destroying that's true but true
so you don't want your picture in this
office I just feel like it's smaller I
will put that Mickey Mouse picture that
Brett gave oh yeah right there my wife
at Gavin's room I thought about putting
to happiness is a choice in there well
maybe you don't are you changing your
mind no why just that originally you
wanted it in here because you picked the
yellow and the yellow would match the
face well but I don't mind either way
honestly we could try it both places
just a trifle places we should go get
that tomorrow anyways edit the vlog get
it done he was waiting quite a chunk
downstairs
oh do you think it's going to be easy
for me to find a truck tie in this house
with clothes there's everywhere still I
folded and washed and folded and wash
and filtered and washed and I still
haven't found a yet we'll find it though
when we do we're gonna let these guys
know we're gonna show it to them oh no
it begins pretty crazy Ellen his ears
could be deaf with breathe villain or
two your ID one huh are you pretty
pretty but they really wanted to sister
yeah are you mad at me because I let him
do that to you
oh good boy are you mad
honey I think you should take that out
of this Carrie don't be mad it's okay
don't boy oh there it's okay you're a
pretty princess it's okay
because I was bringing it upstairs and
pride and clean up downstairs so we have
some visitors coming for Thanksgiving so
I'm trying to get the guest room the
guest room ready Oh
words are so hard today
go download the new album sparrow the
birch live downloadable iTunes link
below and they're gonna start off
winning a video every week until
Christmas right here my favorite it's so
hard so okay so a lot of these are like
classic Christmas songs that are on this
family album but my two favorite songs
are actually the two that Kelly wrote
Sparrow the birch it's really good and
then I'll show you the ones go down with
the album let's blow you guys okay
listen listen son
sings sings Sparrow in the birch in the
winter morning bring bells of a church
cellar doors and then
okay and then this one
I think this is my second I think I like
what oh please
burp calibrator I will flip your arms up
right listen I'm Burton burp fest yeah
Belgium on skirt are you belch master
Hey okay tell him what's going on
nothing any she wants to borrow my phone
okay she was showing what you what we
can do okay check this out and you want
to borrow my phone because because she
can listen to Taylor Swift in her room
check this out that's pretty cool so we
got this plug it's like a auxilary cord
that you can plug our phone into so baby
start always wants to borrow our phone
so she can plug it in and then pull up
Taylor Swift you're listening to wet my
hair back and forth
ha ha ha why do you like that song hey
once you get your room clean girlfriend
so you want to jam out to some music so
you can clean your room huh that's the
plan yeah all right don't turn up too
loud that's good kay you don't want her
to break her eardrum come to Willow
Smith walk over here come here come here
come here cuz he daddy good boy whoa
good good good good
oh boy comes he daddy come see daddy yes
you can do it closely Jenny yes you
could do it good job good job
oh oh my bad I should have grabbed your
setup send-up good job yeah
okay so we're doing some shopping
two of my old friends were coming in
town tomorrow lisanova and her brother
Ben the Badal ski is remember my buddies
I started making studios with they're
coming to hideout or Thanksgiving I'm
excited so we're buying a bunch of stuff
with a little bratty kid made me buy on
this flashlight the other day hate where
were you last night at 3:30 hey what do
you want your birthday tell them what
you just told me what you want for your
birthday
can you say it some ray goes no the
thing is your son you said that can
happen it's my birthday you know what's
called opinion yada yeah you want to
know know I'm sexy Phil you're sexy I
met I'm told to crank up hey where's
your mom
drunk oh that's where she is all right
what are we getting baby tart huh
are we shopping for oh we're getting
this car like charlie
No Orlick why are you watching seven but
those aren't garlic flakes yes when the
garlic flakes for I'm for the turkey
Canada is that a recipe that garlic
chopped divas can cook I think it's
about that time Brock I think it's time
to break out the nog let's go down here
look it is your toesies I want to touch
a dozy on a Duchy they are doozies Oh
dead ticklish is that ticklish oh do not
drop the eggnog on your brother's hand
wait here here's some Yuletide log bro
once the log nog no dad okay sorry my
bad my god
don't stress it's just eggnog you don't
have to have it a bit a warning hey
kiddo it's gross all right America
speaking of gross food what is this when
did you come up with this as a good idea
I was walking by and I was like who
those things have mold in them no that's
not mold those are blueberries pancakes
and sausage on a stick just dip it in
syrup and eat your daughter burgers
question this bottle of eggnog one pint
I guess it is how many ounces is it
coming out is it in a pipe
like 16 ounces okay how many calories do
you think are in this bottle of eggnog
question one little bottle look that's
just like a regular you feel like that
you know that's like you drink that
you'd buy that huh
more 400 more more MORE how many do you
think are in this one little bottle of
eggnog how many calories I'm not drinkin
s 760 calories
that's more than a Big Mac and like a
whopper quarter-pounder in this little
yeah let's get a bunch of these actually
it's Christmas 760 calories in one
bottle of eggnog they much joy yeah I
think we're gonna have to do another
diet that starting January 1st if I'm
drinking 760 calories worth of eggnog
and night right before bed or my beef up
a little bit I might have way more than
comet Cupid Donner and Blitzen the
Christmases Rainier be like sorry bro
overload overload you'd have to carry
one of those yellow overload signs back
in sleighs so I couldn't be a reindeer
couldn't help send a fly around the
world hi cargo me in front of you with a
wide load wide load anyways I'm chunky
as you could see in that blue Hawaiian
shirt that I was wearing flick came in
the office I just saw my gut hanging out
Casey I got a little gut you just said a
marathon I know but I saw okay yeah I
love my body I love you
look at this in Slate I love this in
slate it is so Yuletide ish go look at
my last Instagram you guys I said I fill
the Christmas spirit and the turkey
hasn't even finished fine here's a
question to right now how many turkeys
are unsynched around America thawing out
right now how many turkeys in America
right now are like halfway done thawing
out you haven't getting your turkey to
file you guys should do that right now
Thanksgiving star oh you want me to do
the turkey sound to end it yeah go ahead
alright guys thanks guys click on the
layout here's Casey it is a natural
turkey call
Oh girls great okay see you guys
turn on Church
