today's the day
hi she's filming today's the day and I
got a haircut like I run into it for fun
time my thighs I like it hair trunks
turn turn
say more again turn again super handsome
seriously I like it you like it are you
happy
this is what Gavin said before he wanted
to get his hair cut I said well Kayleigh
hasn't had time so maybe we should just
go get your hair done by somebody else
and he goes no because every time
somebody else does it look stupid
Kaylee's them the best she's an amazing
hair tress that's a thing Paris it's a
Harris so I'm cleaning off our griddle
because tonight this will actually be
the first time that we've officially
used the griddle anyways we're making
chicken curry and roti tonight I know
everybody has been asking for that
recipe I don't even have a written down
recipe I'm going to do that today but I
kind of want to fine-tune it before I
actually like give it to you guys
because I want to make sure it's the
best recipe because sometimes it turns
out a little bit different you can also
make it vegetarian if you want it's more
a part my family loves that here's the
thing it's an acquired taste if you like
Indian food if you like curry you're
gonna love it I think I just spit on you
I'm sorry hold on let me fix that hair
I'll fix it with my with my trusty
shaycarl shirt it says something that my
family really
but anytime I've served it to like shays
family doesn't really like it and I've
had a couple other people that have
tried it they're like okay because it's
it's a curry and not everybody loves
Indian food but it's not spicy because
I'm not really into the way spicy I mean
little tiny spaces yeah I just feel a
little should get some little spice bit
just a tiny bit just a little bit
because I'm not really hard touched by
these type of person yeah it has spices
but not like a hot burning but I like
spicy because I eat Josh's all the time
oh but I'm okay
the children gathered round no they like
to our Shaytards blog i said 'i chicken
grade okay the chickens in the pot the
chicken is cooking right now in the pod
you want to see the chicken in the pot
well let's check it at the paddle a
little bit little high we don't turn
that out he is on low this this oven
gets so hot but it's like boiling I'm
gonna turn one sip and then next we are
going to make the roti which is the
hottest part for the kids because the
messiest and that's going to go on here
but first this this whole area is going
to be covered in flour so let's clean it
off so that we can make it a mess again
and this little guy he stays a little
climber pants a climber pants
he loves to climb he can climb up to the
very top
oh hey be careful do you need help
making your mommy nervous Oh big boy oh
he's so proud of himself and then he
stands up here on a Yelp like this is
his tower he's the king of the house and
he's gonna yell at everybody until what
she did yeah go yeah he mostly yells it
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada what about
mum he's your mama someday you'll love
me - Dada Dada Dada
yeah see how easy that is to get him to
say that but he won't say mommy stop
there
I didn't know how to work the TV and
that's okay that's why I had kids mm-hm
that's dad's fit for not being able to
work the TV do you need help hey give me
that bloody thing come here get over
here right now I have something to tell
ya tonight is a very very very exciting
night three Very's rock tizzle making
the courier on the road yeah that is
true one of we have like I would say
maybe 12 dishes that we rotate through
babe what's our rotation like 12 you
know we got our tacos our spaghetti 's
our enchiladas our stews we have pot
roast I mean she has a pretty good
rotation that you know we have you know
you have that right like your mom makes
the same dishes and there's some that
you love like this this is one of our
favorites and we haven't had it in a
long time how long was the last time we
made Korean roti yeah was it
we're in La Paz Daxton ever had Korean
roti yeah oh snap boom Shakalaka
initiation into Korean Road tonight this
you getting into career-low tonight
what listen you're gone you didn't know
what we were doing
yeah okay so this is a dish that I
learned about when I was a missionary on
my Mormon mission to the West Indies I
was in Trinidad and Guyana and Barbados
and they made a lotta especially in
Guyana and Trinidad all baby I was in a
Barbados camere doubles de bay doubles
and Trinidad anybody from Trinidad go to
get Dave a doubles the food there was
delicious so this is one of them this is
like potato chicken curry right babe Oh
smells so good maybe you don't like
curry but I
love it it smells good
Oh spicy mama seats away yeah hey what's
on tonight we're watching bethany mota
Dancing with the Stars
we got the remote out finals you guys
remember when I set up the streamys I
said bethany mota i predict right now
back then a Streamy she will win Dancing
with the Stars she is close yeah she's
like in the finals it's a two-night
finale taksa can you believe it a moment
ago tell you
Trey Scott oh it is so we're having
kareem roti night while watching Dancing
with the saw okay you guys hey can you
hurry up cuz I want to eat some of that
are you drumming there and are you the
little drummer boy hey where's your
aprons you guys need your aprons on a oh
dude yeah why don't you think of that
one all right as part of initiation into
Korean roti night you got to roll the
first ten pounds of road Oh bro hey bro
roll the dough bro she's pretty cute
he's I mean he's he's above-average cute
I don't know what do you think I mean
he's he's a cute baby
is he like Gerber baby cute or his like
we think he's cute because he's our baby
is he I'd say like he's an 8 out of 10
of like 10 being 10 being like the
cutest baby you've ever seen you know
that's an adorable baby is filling
Lindsay ain't you there baby hey you
guys number Phil and Lindsay our friends
well he has more hair than you so watch
that he's gotten like three and he's not
even seven months old well you didn't
get our hair good you rolling out your
dough bro hey bro roll out your dough
bro all right when does the dancing part
start that's what I want to see oh also
I told Glenn
she told me that she was making Korean
roti tonight and I said oh great
just like what I said means I'm gonna
overeat tonight cuz I know it this stuff
is so good it's like the perfect mixture
of taste and texture when you get that
it's so chewy you chew on the chewy
carbs and fat and um in anyways it's
chewy and salty but sweet and odd so you
should tell them we should actually we
have never done a video a recipe video
for this I know because I haven't
perfected it yet no I don't have a
recipe I just roll seven sounds oh yes
that's right huh you don't you just
every time is different okay we just
need to film it next time and be like
hey here's what she does here roll oh
he's eating the dough he is eating the
dough you were not supposed to be eating
that it's just flour and water you're
supposed to roll the dough bro then this
is the good thing about the new cooking
device is this it's first time and we're
going to use this - can I turn this on
I'm excited okay we're gonna go to F one
word an F 1 if it gets hot and heavy in
here we could go all the way up to an F
for needs me and here we go
boy can I start now no throw it on well
hold on let mix this up a little bit
where's my food
Oh rolled it boom yes I was thinking
today as I was hanging out my family
like the coolest part out the Shaytards
is and I get to live it I get to I get
to be a part of it the whole time all
right so let's see this bad boy cook
this is such a convenient
accessory to have to - not hot enough
hey go back to back real quick let's do
the heights challenge stand up straight
couple inches Gavin will be 11 years old
soon
what okay why because he watched you
Linda the video we did took the staring
contest
Oh Brock did you see the video where dad
got shot in the eye with a pencil was
your scary scared whoa it was just fake
so naked lady in the background hey it
was just fake we were just joking just
go estate yeah it was just a joke there
just for a video geez can't trust
anything on YouTube these days I don't
want daddy to get shy the I don't even
think about it link to that video and I
was a fun video what's good when you do
my beard was about that long - all right
how's it going
yo that's a big one I need a spot I got
already not good I bought roll in the
dough know that it is lost rotate
rotator you want to film um yeah here we
go here we go Rayner yeah yeah that's a
nice golden brown right there that is do
I want to make the biggest pancake on
this thing we need to make just like a
gigantic painting what okay let's get
started
that's the other good thing about
grounders you can just roll dough right
on the stone
Gavin's the grillmaster is flipping all
right we're about ready this is full
this is full of hot roti yeah
warm in there
you're getting the cups are you setting
the table here grab my hand don't break
that here jump okay are you setting the
table okay let me see take me in there
jump
show me what you're doing rock is such a
good little helper to set in the table
thanks buddy did you put all these
plates in here oh well you put a cup in
here at least you can't see it but
there's steam there's smoke coming off
the hot oil and that hood vent is
sucking it up glad we got it yeah see
all that it's not a lot but it's doing
its job okay listen that's totally true
babe Kalai was just saying the bad thing
about I do this too all the time we'll
all blog us like getting dinner ready I
have it in my beard all can you see it
it's bad
oh it's not hold on I gotta go Mei makes
me feel bad I just spilled a little bit
oh my gosh anyways we always film us
cooking dinner and then we're so excited
to eat it we never show the dinner it
doesn't look that appetizing but you
basically use the roti to dip in the
chicken potato curry goulash yeah little
Bowl I don't use us food because I'm a
real West Indian but Gavin's are more
into finer pretty low to eater mmm
Brock do you like it look show us your
rotis rock made his own there little
bite-size ones he made a little man was
it cool dipping the curry Brock do you
like it together you're gonna try it
I'll try it try it do you like it just
dip it in the curry
let me see you dip it in there get some
that chicken on there it's that good
yummy what I'm trying to bring something
from so we're watching Dancing with the
Stars we had to pause it because we are
eating dinner and we had to clean up the
kitchen and stuff so I tweeted that
we're watching after with the stars that
were voting for bethany mota and yeah
but then twitter spoiled
I guess Bethany got voted off tonight
I'm Dancing with the Stars
so we're sad so we're watching it now
but we already know that Bethany's gonna
get voted off because of Twitter so
we're sad that Bethany got voted off but
we love you Bethany you did amazing you
made team internet proud you made
everybody proud you did an awesome job
Hey bethany mota got voted off twitter
just told me yeah
I am sad he's reading a book are you put
in my opinion who she's way better than
all of them
oh well she got to the last four that's
impressive
very impressive really it looks good I
know my grandma's disappointed because
my grandma is one the hugest Dancing
with the Stars fan and she loves bethany
mota when we're in New York for the New
York City Marathon we saw some of the
youtubers pictures in the subway and
Bethenny's was one of them and Grande
was like I love her on Dancing with the
Stars
you had bedtime after book reading
commedia of your clothes set out for
school tomorrow yeah I got a present oh
my goodness Brock has his clothes Leto
you're a good example to him yeah that's
very nice
oh so you've segregated oh no and you
learn to you and every other sibling
that I've ever existed hey you want to
put tape right here crossed but then how
are you gonna get out of the room
because if you put tape across here you
can't cross his line so you're not gonna
be able to leave maybe we'll do this
we'll do like a line and then there'll
be like a little little hallway right
there where you can come in you can't go
on his side and then you don't have to
be a pathway to the closet because
that's where his clothes are so there'd
be some like virtual ground like only
half ways in here he'll only times that
she can go through my face without
permission is oh we forgot to read this
page and wrong is when he needs to get
his clothes in when I need to go there
wait that's the only thing okay right
yeah I think that's adorable that you
set your clothes out it evens good as
fun
how many of you do that lay out your
clothes for the day like the next
morning I did that like the first day of
school like maybe like the first week of
school you'd lay your clothes out you
know that what am I gonna wear look cool
this outfit that's gonna give the girls
yeah I'm aware dad right there I don't I
don't do that anymore I wear the same
pair of pants like three days a week
I'll take my pants off and I put them on
my dresser then I just put I just wear
those thing that's gross no I don't i
clean my pants every day I got clean
pants right now they're super clean
thanks for watching you guys you guys
listen there's a very special feeling
lucky button that just went live and by
lucky button what I mean this video on
youtube.com slash Katy let Collette has
a brand new video up with a very special
announcement so if you click on that
feeling lucky button looks like me on
the swing upside down or if you're on a
mobile device you can click on the
feeling lucky button link in the video
description there is a brand new video
on Collette's channel with a very
special love you see tomorrow
