hey guys a couple of things before we
get started with today's Shaytards vlog
I just wanted to talk about meeting you
I want to meet you alright I hang out
with you and hug you put this sweaty
armpit on your shoulder out we take a
smile and selfie that's gross
so is on Twitter this weekend and I saw
my friends in New York and New Jersey at
the tri-state playlist live and I was
like why didn't I go I'm frustrated I
was I was jealous like seeing Charles
and old good jennamarbles just like you
know all my youtube friends hanging out
I missed it I just I decided not to go
to a playlist this year because well the
tri-state one because we just got moved
in we're still trying to get everything
put together but there's a nother one in
Orlando at Walt Disney World on January
16th but I'm gonna be at I want you to
come over the years the most popular
shade to our vlogs have always been the
ones where we are at Disneyland so I'm
so excited that Disney's actually doing
one of these YouTube creator conferences
at Walt Disney World if you don't know
what I'm talking about it's basically a
YouTube creator conference where a bunch
of people like me that create YouTube
videos come and meet you we do panels we
do meet and greets we take pictures we
hang out I talked about the sweaty
aren't good thing that's kind of a gross
part about it just happens it's humanity
and there's actually a way that you can
win a free trip to hang out with me and
other YouTube creators at Disney World
but show you how with a free trip to
Disney World you may ask all you have to
do is make a youtube video showing your
Disney side what's your Disney side it's
the fun side I would say it's the good
side it's the side of you that comes out
when you want to scream or smile or act
like a kid again because so once again
on January 16th in Orlando Florida at
Disney World maker studios and the
Disney parks are teaming up together to
have the very first creator conference
and if you want to win your trip you
have to submit a video showing your
Disney site click on the link below for
more details
but you got a hurry because video
submissions end November 28th that means
you only have four days to get your
video in so hustle the contest is open
to anybody 18 years and older and lives
within the United States and I'll tell
you what you're gonna get bonus points
for no smiling on the tea
I actually wish I was at Disneyland
right now did it it's fun man that's
that's what your Disney side is when you
get to the park and you're like oh yeah
remember when I had all those dreams and
like wishes and I want it to like do all
this and that's to me what it is like
whenever I'm on to Disneyland ride it
just I kind of like lose the cares of
the world all and it's like oh yeah a
simpler place where you just think about
like all that I don't know anyways links
below love you guys I hope to see you
there on January 16 it's beginning to
look a lot right I am responsible
hey show us what he was looking at you
like we're gonna eat like that mom dad
Jackson keeps staring at me and he's
looking at me like this you want to do
just like you like your cowboy hat Brock
you're not wearing your boots today
don't mind I get snow boots on
okay we did it we did it we're in the
car I'm going to CrossFit I'm gonna be
on time we didn't know I want to do it
today but we did it together he's just
like his dad everything so much like a
snow boot party cuz there's no boo party
don't stop oh oh there's a snowball
fight as it's no boo party gotta go hey
guys so it's super super smoky and it's
beautiful out here and it's the best
packing snow ever see this it's like
look at that the best packing snow so I
am NOT I mean you guys know this if
you've been a part of the vlogs long
enough I don't throw very well I've
never been a good catcher or thrower
hand-eye coordination don't got it but
you know what I'm gonna try to hit shame
it was a snowball he is using the
snowball right now I'm gonna try to get
him okay
I'm giggling cuz I know not I'm probably
gonna miss and then he's going to get me
back really bad
I gotta get closer
you know I'm not that good I got it
you're closer Shh I'm gonna get down
you don't want to tag you in the face of
ruin this hook
I love you can see major snowball truck
can't where's the shark boots kitty
we already did me and avi ganged up on
him we got him good are we boot shopping
babe girls are they did it I don't know
if I've ever been boot shopping before
it's a boot time do you like those will
you wear them camel yeah I give them on
the wrong foot
oh yeah you have cool socks you like
them oh yeah I'll get them are they
expensive turn around let me see you
look so cool those are real cowboy boots
and I think you should get these they
don't fit you you have to do work in
them though if you do work we do work in
them come on work it work it work it and
this is my monkey boy no he's the
Manager he's the crew manager he's
managing it through hey monkey boy tell
Dad to get work they get to work dad
hey fun
I'm the workin man I'm looking here okay
are you getting scared
yeah he just had a Malachi moment where
he's like I don't know what's going on I
don't think I like this I don't think I
like this
you know what you guys playing trains
this little ways
he's a train Thomas huh okay I'm Thomas
the Train your train turned into a
four-wheeler
I loved watching you guys play look if
he just called
he just says everything like he does not
you you're not playing trains train
doggies I think it's the cutest thing it
reminds me of my sisters were a little
you do what movie would you watch if you
could watch a movie a Supergirl Engel oh
wow that would be awesome
Oh watch it let's watch it okay I'll let
you watch them yeah James we have an
hour before bedtime and you're already
all right trained trained duo okay so
the three older kids are down here
watching Hunger Games too because the
new ones coming out and we're all gone I
want to go see are they too young to see
that you think that scare scare you
riding the monkey scene I didn't care
ume your top are you guys scared really
you're brave this is scary Park brave
what a via was saying right there at the
end she's saying M he's probably scared
on the inside but she's not showing it
and then of course and he's like no I'm
not I'm not scared me and Colette had a
big debate whether we should let the
kids watch Hunger Games 2 we said all
right it's fine we had a big talk with
Emmy were like you can't be scared you
promise you won't be scared you'll be
tough she's yes I promise
please I want to watch it with the older
kids like okay you can watch it anyway
so they watch The Hunger Games we're
probably go to the movie for the new one
pretty soon we're excited to see it but
we love you guys we had a great weekend
hope you did too as well
sorry about the short vlog it's funny
cuz I get to vlog up on Fridays and I'm
like sweet I'm off for the weekend and I
don't vlog that much and I'm like oh
it's Monday I don't have any footage oh
so sorry I plot listen listen this is a
secret and most people have left the
vlog by now because technically it's
over it's just the end slate some most
people leave but I'm gonna make here as
a promise wait a minute I should think
about okay there's a - there's two parts
of this promise but and I don't know if
I'm gonna do the second part but here's
the first part of the promise starting
December 1st we're gonna do Christmas
daily vlogs huh right right so in the
month of December I promise to make a
video every single day daily vlogs for
the last month of 2014 okay and then
when we get to 2015 we'll go back to
Monday through Friday but just the
figured you know what's the last a month
of the year it's Christmas the Shaytards
Christmas special is gonna be huge
the biggest one ever this year so we
might as well have a fun month of daily
Christmas vlogs plus we're living up in
this house in this winter wonderland so
it's gonna be a lot of fun ok guys so
daily vlog starting December 1st the
other half of it I'm not sure if I'll
just tell you I was gonna say 20 minutes
straight to our daily Christian look but
it's like that's tough man that's tough
to promise so I will say daily vlogs in
December ok if you guys give me some
maybe I don't think it's like a an
ultimatum if you guys do this then I'll
do 20-minute blogs but anyways I love
you we'll think about it kay kiss you
bike tomorrow
