so fun yeah try again okay I'm gonna
pull you ready oh hey what's up just
play with the tent I don't that's how
you do it hey guys I'm up in my attic
right now so they're trying to cut the
holes for the hood vent look see there's
the sawzall the hacksaw and these vents
are gonna be coming up and I'm gonna
have to cut a hole through the roof
so that we can you know suck our bacon
smoke out cuz when mommy tarts cooking
all that delicious food she's gonna be
cooking us they gotta suck all the
ventilation out yeah this is cool up
here what is that I think that's a
speaker actually yeah that's in the
living room
isn't that crazy that if I jumped right
there on that sheet rock I would just
fall straight through into the living
room should I do it I'm gonna do it and
vlog it Chloe that down there what is
that when me in case you were growing up
we had an attic like this that we'd go
up into we had these two cats that like
got into our attic and had babies in
like a pile in the very back at it part
of the attic in the in case had to crawl
all the way back there to get the cats
out so being up in an attic reminds me
of little baby kitties for some reason
it looks like it's snowed up here attics
are mysterious it's like they're like
scary
what if somebody who is living in here
at all the kids just called from school
that's my favorite part
come in come in let's see it's Brock
knock on the door who is it oh my gosh
I'm naked Brock with a guitar and a
microphone and a tent I thought the kids
are home from school are the kids home
from school yet yeah you're bringing
your stuff in take that to your room kay
okay go right to your room go put it
away kay keep your room clean all right
I love you we'll go clean it yes you can
why can't you clean it you're a big boy
I believe in you you can do it you want
daddy to come help you you want daddy to
come help you I love you rock and roll
star meanwhile in the garage
these cats are starting to get braver
and braver and this one wants to rock
out on the tour who's that
Oh a beautiful woman right yes she's
gone I see her those cats are over there
playing with those toys I know I was a
good purchase
look at him hanging on it they love him
look at him hopping around yeah kiddies
oh he's almost to the top of the tower
we'll find all six of them curled up in
a giant kiddie ball on top of that thing
and you know who's hot oh hey babe girl
friend you're so pretty
no I'm talking about you in the pink lid
is that a cardigan what is that come up
here bumper give me kiss I know it's
starting to look good you guys we are
almost moved in broth just came in naked
with a guitar and a microphone and a
tent oh yeah
oh good I'd been looking for that my
orange handgun a sharpshooter I had a
shootout at high noon behind the tree
the oak tree Hey are you ready to bring
this in we got our shred melted we me
and mommy Turner excited to run on the
treadmill let's have a contest who can
run the most on the treadmill
okay sister I just ran the New York
Marathon and I want to run the Boston
Marathon that's I'm like all kind of a
motivated about marathons again look at
the base of that that has cruel Casey's
gonna come help me carry that in what's
up buddy
oh thank you we'll come get him did you
wake up the baby
yeah don't lie to me did you you
promised I'm gonna ask the baby and see
what he says hey we're come in
hey come here old you wake up from your
now oh don't be mad come here he's okay
he's okay you have a good now good me
what do you want to you want to put your
tent up can Dax and get in with you you
promise you'll be nice to him okay
my friend he'll be your friend can he be
your best friend okay you want to be his
best friend we're gonna put up a tent
you can be his best friend you won't be
best buddies
yeah buddy ever where's the tent poles
to that you know can you go find them I
don't know are they in the box where did
you find that tent we have to go look
for the tent poles can you go look in
the box and see if you see them okay
well we'll leave that in your room
okay leave that your room while you go
look for the temples carry in your room
let's see how this room looks oh my GAD
zukes
father dexon a new pair in those two up
would result in the messiest room in the
house only behind me and Colette's our
room spy little bit Messier put your put
your thing away we're not scumbags we're
just busy got five kids and a lot of
projects Oh Shay pick up your coat or
lie down mom dad's bed for a sec here
pumpkin
I'll get you I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get Jack gonna get you
get your stretch after nap stretches
after nap stretches feels so good feels
so good after nap stretches after nap
stretches feels so good
feels so good after nap stretches after
now stretches feels so good feels so
good after nap stretches after not
stretch your stretchy pants stretchy
stretchy got you babe I love you I love
everything everything
the goal is to get him to smile you see
they all grumpy when they wake up you
gotta get him to laugh a little you see
that's what it's life's all about
laughing that's a forced smile but
there's a smile I'll take it I'll take
it
arrr matey
how via sailor D seven seas have ye
lately
you're cute you're still gonna you're
stuck in the dead are you in there how
do I get you
here we're going to go ahead hey hey we
found you in the tent that fun yeah try
again okay we're ready oh hey what's up
just playing with a tent I don't think
it's how you do it mmm that was working
we're having a good time without fun
okay giganto your mom I wasn't abusing
you okay all right one do again here we
go
I'm gonna pull you down the hall oh
you're about to go over the stairs
you ready much goes the stairs ready
I'll be ready ready I'm just kidding um
we'll put you over the stairs that's
Gary did you think you're gonna go over
the stairs yeah I love you fun yeah you
need to pull me in that next I want to
go for a ride okay
can you pull me okay
is it alright you ready how do I get in
where's the door this is the door yeah
this is a tent you have matey
let's go down here I'm going down in the
galley I'm gonna rustle me up some sea
clams car look boss very nice boat you
have captain okay take it all right I'm
ready let's sail the seven seas makes me
boy what fun
yeah he's your boy Oh
mermaid mermaid up for bow area how you
doing kid watch swing Oh
Skiles Oh what's what's three-leg doing
in here what do you know I'm here three
like three like the hawk carpet my
broken yeah I was sailed seven sirs I
always got Chinese second of it will you
watch your little brother who thinks
he's super hot what are you doing I know
it's a birthday I unpacked some boxes
today and there's just stuff everywhere
now like your boogers oh hi buddy
this little guy sticky he's been leaking
his nose and his eyes have been leaking
all day me but I'm really glad he
doesn't really have a crew peak off
anymore it's just kind of a cold cough
so I'm glad
that's it but that's got to teach you I
can't wipe his nose without ask you give
me something to like no you grossie's
okay so I went to CrossFit Gavin went to
CrossFit we had dinner we didn't film
any of that sorry did you film any of
Gavin's CrossFit we suck watch this
though all right rock gray Shaun okay
watch this baby go monkey boy go here
goes monkey boy lad and nice go over
there go over there and do it
slide fast you can fast fast fast fast
run whoa do it one more time go remember
and slide whoa that was a crazy one nice
job let's see how far I can slide you
think I can slide you far you wanna see
how far you can slide ready one two
three
oh let's see how far you can slide all
right you ready one two three nice fun
Oh mom look who's in a box we stuck in
the bog will you're like little
contortionist at the fair bit the baby
in the box put the baby in the basket
you get out baby in the basket
let me out of this freaking thing crazy
monkeys mmm do not attempt any of these
stunts at home I am a trained kid
sliding professional ladies and
gentlemen thanks for watching today's
Shaytards vlog what did we do yesterday
well there's a way to find out
click on that cute little green dinosaur
with the beautiful brunette up in the
top left hand corner you feel like you
want to see what's the mystery video
show you house behind but paddle did I
click on the like button if you want to
see what our family has been doing every
single day for the last five years click
on those corresponding numbers or they
are all those links are in the video
description below click show more if
you're on your mobile device love you
guys thanks for watching and being a
part of our family see you tomorrow
