okay it's that time of year again what
do you want you want to start it well
you know what your teacher says you're
the best at drawing sharks so maybe you
need to have a shark book you find some
books you like oh that's the one thing I
never really feel bad about buying for
my kids as looks where are you going sir
oh I'm just looking for you know that
one book I was looking for the talks
about what to do when you have a diaper
rash there'll be no girlfriends or
boyfriends around here I was gonna say
there is one exception to that rule I
hate all those books that are just like
an excuse to have a book where they come
with a bunch of toys and a tiny tiny
book with it I don't like those but in
general books are good hmm maybe Brock
is gonna pick his own not actually
unless you have your own money to buy
him a present yeah hey Mike oh okay hey
busted you stealing books young man are
you gonna smuggle that huh are you gonna
smuggle that I love seeing him explore
book Oh stairs oh hey guys what's going
on welcome to my life today we are in
Logan Utah hanging out with Logan Utah
Butler that's his name Logan Utah Butler
Caseyville web Moomin to Casey town hate
question where right now we are at
Firehouse Subs which I know a lot of
people love I've only been to Firehouse
Subs twice in my life one was in Atlanta
with Philip DeFranco
that was my first they devirginized me
him and Lindsey on the firehouse subs
and I loved it
I think the other time was with Charles
in Florida so I don't know they had one
here in Logan Utah but my question is do
they have paintings of the local town in
every Firehouse Subs because I feel like
that's a theme that I've seen so right
here in Utah of course they have a fire
truck but this is the Aggies Utah State
Aggies that's their campus and it looks
like somebody painted it so is that true
in Firehouse Subs they have like
paintings of like the local scenery true
or false who can help me who's a
firehouse sub expert dave horn hey hon
what are we doing today
don't tell them it's a secret okay
that's how you get to know we're
starting a company today honeys we're
starting a company
Dejan is Logan's friend dirty holes we
call him he's our black guy he's the
most racially diverse person we have in
the company he's our only hope for a
diversity yeah anyways
so we're gonna eat lunch and then we'll
tell you about this in a few months
sorry I can't tell you right now okay so
we bought every book at the bookstore
books for Book Fair we buy every book at
the book fair and now we're eating
dinner without daddy plan
what are you doing you know what I'm not
anymore we need to eat some mashed
potatoes part you haven't even made a
video
no you know it all so just like his dad
we have a Christmas tree but it is not
Thanksgiving yet next week is
Thanksgiving and I don't know what our
plans are yet I'm excited I bought a
Sparky today an organic turkey so no
Turkey I like somebody else kill the
turkey I just cook it we are for
Thanksgiving
yes he's gonna drink it leave his juice
alone so we're having a giant tea party
for things giving everyone free shirt or
where your legs this is a really good
table manners we're having coffee we
don't drink coffee we're not drinking
coffee though rocks hard looks like he's
had at least 12 all right we're just
having some hot dog sausage things that
are awesome salad and mashed potatoes
and gravy pretty simple but wait what
are you
seriously I can't communicate in these
conditions
okay quiet serious stop stop
thank you to the zip this is the bunny
if you don't be quiet what happened let
me what happened to my bunny if I'm not
quiet I guess that's what happens at
school they're not quiet alright alright
so we just finished all the business
portion of today's activities
now Logan's gonna pee in the bottle in a
truck we're headed back from Salt Lake
City Utah and Logan has to pee real bad
if you watch one of my vlogs you will
learn that I have mastered this
technique it's like so he's about to pee
in a bottle okay I'll let you know how
it goes dunno I get pee in my truck I
walk you can't touch broken
you have to slow its
it's so hard not to mess with the dude
is trying to pee in a bottle on a truck
right you ever been in a road trip when
the dude starts peeing right let it go
you're like wrestling you ever wanted to
wrestle - dude that's taking a pee you
know I'm saying you know right have you
ever peed in a moving vehicle while you
were on a road trip one time this is not
a lie
I think this is in the vlogs princess -
I probably won't kill me but Naevia had
to pee so bad and I didn't want to stop
so I told her I said just put one of the
rock tarts diapers on and pee enough so
she got the back seat she put one of
Brock's diapers on and then just went
and peed in the diapers have any diapers
back there this is Cameron right now my
feet I feel like my feet are next to it
so we just like to hang out in our
living room even though there's no
furniture in it we're just getting ready
for bed and this little guy loved to
walk in this room he only tries to walk
in this room there's no furniture in it
it seems safe all right
we've helped him too bad there's waiting
for daddy can't home you reading that
book do you like it good yeah did your
spidey sense tell you the lizard is near
what did you find a fart
hey you're a web okay you were a Batman
let's don't have whoa mr. monster fans
over there walking take the easy way out
okay you guys we had to make a stop off
before we headed back to Idaho because
as you know I just ran the New York City
Marathon and it's snowing in Idaho which
means I cannot train unless I had a some
sort of invention where I could run
inside and not go anywhere is there
anything like that germy yeah you know
what I actually think so I'm not gonna
promote this thing until I know I like
it but Jeremy here and the guys at
Proform Fitness said that I'm gonna love
this treadmill it's actually called the
Boston Marathon treadmill which is the
shirt that he's wearing and you guys
know that that's been a lifelong goal to
qualify for the Boston Marathon when I
did st. George I missed the qualifying
time by six minutes very frustrating so
I'm gonna try this merit this marathon
machine out and if I like it then I'll
tell you guys about it but if I don't
like it I'm not gonna tell you about it
and I
even upload this video that's not gonna
happen because you're watching this
right anyways thanks to Jeremy and the
guys at Proform Fitness I'm gonna check
out this Boston Marathon treadmill and
see what I think about it I'll let you
guys know okay okay it's your turn buddy
you trained it
wait which would you trade it for
Joker's are wilds in this game guys so
I'm away a good card
hopefully that Joker will help me out
handy y'all just got home backing out a
hole and look who's here but my
beautiful weight the Christmas tree I
what we have three we have three
Christmas trees do you know that I am I
am we got two in there um Collette just
gave me permission
you guys I'm actually very excited about
this I don't know why I so excited I was
kind of shocked that you agreed to let
me put it in here for some reason um you
guys know my happiness is a choice
painting I you know what this is a big
moment we need good lighting for this I
want I feel like this is gonna be in a
montage someday no just good we're gonna
put it right here the happiness is a
choice painting is gonna go right I am
on that giant wall and so we can like
see it while we're in the kitchen every
day that painting it means a lot to me
that like I'll tell you once we get the
painting
here I'll give you the history of it but
uh like just that concept and it makes
me happy looking at that painting makes
me really happy
but I can't wait Colette's and I can
hang it right there so that's gonna
that's gonna be a big accent piece in
this room I guarantee we're gonna get
people because I've seen a lot of people
saying that we have horrible taste in
our home decorating oh well thank you
so I guarantee when people see they that
painting any people they do don't know
how to do great their house that they
live in that they get to live in and
like and live right why do you care what
we put in our house
this is our house live in your house
that's that's like the epitome of like
that looks ugly it's our house we like
it that's why we put it in here
decorating like everybody has their own
style that's why you can't say that's
the wrong way or the right way because
everybody's different and this is our
style my style yeah anyways I'm excited
hang up that painting it's gonna make me
happy and that's all that matters when
you're decorating your house or your
room who cares what is like socially in
style just put in your house or your
room what you think looks good that's
like the same thing you should do when
you wear your clothes you know or when
you do the things you want to do like
who cares what other people think
anyways love you guys it's just a little
life lesson we like life lessons there's
another life lesson marry a pretty girl
named Colette that was the best thing I
ever did for my life hey babe you know
I'm saying girlfriend y'all sad okie
dokie Oh guys thanks for watching check
out yesterday's vlog cuz only I feel
lucky button and check out some other
videos you know your what are you doing
tonight go on a Shaytards marathon get
your some popcorn see I must see what
she did every single day for the last
five years why not oh it's good
wholesome entertainment except from one
of my little brother peas in a bottle I
just thought my grandma's gonna see that
maybe I should have put that in the
video but it was so funny to me come on
you've got a road trip compete on a
bottle don't judge me you don't know me
