come here dude here he comes oh come on
you can do it don't be discouraged
everybody fails it's okay just get up
and try again I love my son so we're
building a shelf in Brock's room and I
open the box I got all the stuff out and
I said okay we have to make lunch first
and then we can build it so I went to
make lunch and he's been here separating
all the tools into their separate pile
in the pile you did you're so sweet okay
got a pile of these they are a lot of
them okay so hopefully we can read the
instructions properly and we get this
thing put together today so you can put
your books on it you excited yeah let
everything on it yeah this will be for
some toys in some books okay chosen some
books yeah but mostly for books because
you don't have anywhere for your books
right now okay okay here we go let's
build do a good we're gonna have so much
stuff built today by the time the kids
get home from school it's gonna be
awesome right okay now get this one in
click I'm laying on the ground for you
laid on the ground
yeah there you go dude again there could
be a bootcamp obstacle course in your
room
you leave it for that instead of a
bookshelf you did a good job dude step
we're almost done we just I put the bass
on oK we've inherited some builder
friends this one's gone from school
you sure are you guys are going to be
working together for a long time best
buddy that's so that's the the love
cackle that's what my kids do and they
love their little brother alright these
two want to have a race again so I am
washing my hands clean of what happened
hey baby you need to move your fingers
you're gonna run smash
watch out Jackson watch out here that
you can play it this one you can play
that one for a minute as long as you
don't put it in your mouth okay okay
ready
on your mark get set go you can do with
the baby right there all right I think I
think it was a tie cuz he got confused
you won
think we have a lot of gutters on her
hands I think they always did a great
job all right you guys so I am uploading
the video today because Shay is taking
the kids to do that run around their
daily like you know go onto the
cheerleading and all that stuff so he's
gone doing that because I was tired of
running around
I don't want it today he said okay will
you please upload the video I'm like
yeah I honestly do not all clone very
often maybe like a few like a handful of
times a year is when I upload the
Shaytards box Shay's the primary
uploader in this house and I am
sometimes I forget because they don't do
it very often so I'm like okay I need to
go through and find the one two or three
four or five years ago and so I'm a
little bit like I'm trying to hurry it
because the videos up um but somebody
just poop their pants
this little guy and he doesn't I can't
leave him alone in the bathtub
obviously so I have cut it sit here in
the bathroom and do the video stuff what
are you guys doing playing John oh I
love you guys
I do appreciate Shay's job a lot
whenever I have to do it I'm like okay
okay I'm really really thankful that I
don't have to edit them though because
that's the hardest
I mean upload and stuff like you learn
to do it and it's a quick process once
you know what you're doing but when you
don't know what you're doing is like oh
shoot okay so I'm gonna put the camera
down I'm gonna finish what I'm doing
okay bye
I haven't seen this one just friendly
watching it it's funny
any come here did you put peanut butter
on your face who told you you could do
that the guy I don't know who's names
your father like it's not just the S and
and a yeah that's funny
yeah I know you looks let's roll to the
montages of dads playing pranks on
rabbits
okey dokey uh so you guys may have heard
yesterday when avi was like dad can we
do CrossFit I'm like sure whatever I
don't care they actually did CrossFit
today did you like it was a fun Avia has
a minor CrossFit injury we're doing box
jumps when she got a little shin scrape
which is typical in CrossFit yeah
typical of box jumps basically a it's a
box that you have to jump on and it's
made out of wood and if you don't jump
high enough you can hit your shins on it
and Gavin was doing good too it's time
to eat
Jackson's ready to eat uh my I do front
squats and box Jones and my legs were
killing how'd you like coffee
Gavin Avia and Braley all did CrossFit
today they have a kids CrossFit what you
have to do yeah what was all your guys's
workout
that box just box jumps wall balls
push-ups lunges ladder runs
we're gonna run ladders so they have a
kid's CrossFit class at 4:15 and then
that gets over at five so it's a
45-minute kids CrossFit class and then I
did my CrossFit class from five to six
my legs are killing me
lunges front squats box jumps oh very
hard and now I am starving and of course
like usual my beautiful insanely loving
and loyal wife has made us with you
though say you're amazing
maybe it's your favorite spaghetti what
oh you did not make nothing to make that
announcement
what's up sleeveless you out there
rocking out from squats
what are you doing bud did you miss your
daddy all right all right let's see
dinner it's time to eat
I'm very excited to eat this dinner I am
so hungry
Daxton I love you I love you I love you
so much did you have a good day
you want to eat you won't say Bernie all
right let's say a prayer Justine get
your truck off the table you know dump
trucks on the dinner table all right
let's see all right check it out Daxton
has a new trick where he climbs up on
the hearth and then he gets in the way
cuz he wants all the attention for
himself
oh you're right okay watch he's gonna
get down by himself watch what a big boy
he is okay ready you ready see we know
we love you too macho night out kick it
off me get off me slowly slowly
Oh get up over here my rock card careful
did I hate fighting with guys mesh
sleeves off they're so tough Oh sleeve
we'll see oh he's doing it let's see
yeah he's usually he's getting off of
the hearth and he's standing up he's
like walking almost okay let's see it
dude I'm ready for it
okay ready watch every watch Jackson oh
oh good now walk just squats huh
what um how do you like the fire it's
not nosy me daddy no you meet Gavin film
that's fine okay yeah if you want to
film us fighting what a filmic eaten up
baby tard here pretty start you film you
just don't want to film can I tell
someone's gonna get hurt
alright first steps here he goes you got
it you got it you got it take the step
oh oh you can do it you can crawl fast
crawler Gavin just got him to take like
four steps let's even do it again
okay dachshund do it Oh tippy toe oh
yeah yeah kay dax walk to gavin here he
does whoa no you got a fast thing I can
stand up no problem
okay go walk Gavin yeah good job boy
alright keep backing up Gavin so it'll
keep walking here he goes
whoa tips out to the side step he's
doing side steps back up Gavin back up
oh he's determined oh he's a little
drunk we had a few spritzers for dinner
don't give up row don't be discouraged
Daxton Daxton oh yeah good job Daxton -
Ian - Ian
dad did now he's shy
yeah Daxton Daxton Daxton - Daxton -
stick boy he's the boy good job I'm
proud of you you got a good big brother
to the little voice starting to walk all
right the kids are in bed now it's time
for dishes with cold letters shame shame
this is it oh hey hey and pinkeye that's
gross
I don't know I don't have pinkeye I
don't know if you do for sure I'm
thinking it's either that or some maybe
you got some cat dander the dang thing
about it there's so many dying animals
around you cats and dogs and kids and
thought aminals are just taken out and
everywhere and writing mail all kinds of
junk around here uh so I was reading the
comments just now on today's vlog thanks
to Colette the positive calming all the
jingles I'm loving it awesome positive
comments um tingly Jane Doe sewing some
of you I know
okay the brand deal thing that's a tale
as old as time in YouTube land the
elusive brand deal where the audience
doesn't like when you try to sell them a
product
so here's the thing couple things first
thing I vow to you that I will never do
a brand deal of something that I do not
genuinely think is a good service or
product something that I would use and
totally recommend to help you have a
better life it's a lot better I love I
genuinely love nature box and audible
are - those are like the only two that I
do regularly and I love both of their
services I think they are both a very
good service that is timely and
professional and audible men I think you
need to read books here's okay I have so
much more than I want to say one of my
favorite things that Will Smith the
actor slash rapper slash pulled up to
the house around 7 & 8 and I yelled to
the cabbie yo homes smell ya later look
to my kingdom I was finally there
Will Smith said one one time on the Jay
Leno Show when Jay Leno was still doing
the Tonight Show
Will Smith said well Jay Leno was asking
him he's like what's the secret to your
success you know you've done rap you've
done movies and TV and like you've done
everything in Will Smith said I'll tell
you the secret to my success in two
words he said reading and running those
are two things that people don't like to
do the things that are hard to do
reading books and running those two
things if you can master them if you can
constantly be reading books and run
exercise exercise I mean that's it's not
like you have to specifically do those
two things but what he did yeah that's
what he did he ran and he read he said
he made himself read one book a week and
he would run every day and that's the
secret to life if you can do those
things that are hard and focus on those
things that you will be successful
eventually if you stick to it and you
don't quit and you don't give up I
promise it will happen it may take a
decade anyway so that's why I recommend
audible because I think listening to
audiobooks can teach you profound
knowledge and wisdom your whole outlook
on
I feel change so it's not like I'm just
trying to get you to sign up for the
product free downloadable link like I
know that sounds like salesy but I
genuinely believe that if you listen to
books you don't have to download audible
I don't care but just read books that's
the message anyways um also I was saying
to collect I'm sorry I just a you in the
face my bad
um that Monday I should probably never
do a brand deal on Monday because you
guys you miss us we're not going videos
on Sunday
you're the reruns of the Shay Effie you
know maybe you've seen it on maker TV
already and then the first thing my
brand deal you know it's like I didn't
even say hi you guys were feeling like
it's like they don't even love us you
know yeah I haven't heard from you all
weekend and the first thing I hear is
like hey buy this thing and so I thought
you know maybe you shouldn't Randall's
on Monday a little sensitive to that and
we're sorry we really are sensitive to
your needs and Ju and we want to make
sure that you know that we love you I
like your pink love so we'll try to
learn your love language a little bit
better well that's an actual thing huh
love language ice table I made him still
haven't read the book maybe I should get
it on audible shut up sellout anyway
sweet love you guys don't get mad about
brand deals I promise you I will never
do something I don't totally believe it
okay I love you bye thanks for watching
today's Shaytards vlog guys be sure to
click on yesterday's vlog click on that
feeling lucky button if you want to see
what we're doing exactly on this day one
year two year three four and five years
we've hit every single day click on
those corresponding buttons if you're
not on a computer you're on a mobile
device which I found through the
demographics that 60% of you watch
Shaytards vlogs on your iPad or phone
that's not crazy you can click on all of
those options in the video description
below okay I love you guys we'll see
them are my keys
