guys sit down do it hey guys here we are
back with the kids Gavin a BIA and Emmie
we are about to embark on a little life
lesson are you guys ready to have a
little life lesson yes yeah I feel like
and I want to believe deep deep down in
my soul that you guys have all learned
this life lesson what we're gonna watch
a little clip and you guys tell me if
you've learned this life let's rock okay
ready 400 well I've never seen you go so
well hey penny
that's your shirt
she knows better have you ever done that
what if I said I had video proof of one
of you guys drawing on our brand-new
furniture would you believe that huh you
would show yeah she's like oh yeah my
dad he makes videos of our family which
of you Souls would you draw on our
brand-new no it's one of you three
brand-new furniture is it me you what do
you think it was it was a via who do you
think let's watch all right let's see
who it was whatever look around the
couch okay look let's let's take the
camera right here hey do we see this
you do pay attention us catch explain
that to me why is there pin on the couch
look oh look at you I need an answer
from you
hey hey look at me why is that pin on
the couch maybe a bra right there so you
drew our brand-new couch huh you
remember doing that busted so you guys
think Brock's one who does that most of
the time yeah well you're right roll the
clip
you want to see what kind of child I
have what are you doing
those mornings were moms like hey Shea
watch Brock I have to do something and
I'm like sleeping in my bed I'm like
honey wake up and Brock's over there
getting mom to make up a horrible fall
hi Brock we love you with Yugi was that
clip cute are you guys so remember do
not ever ever ever draw on couches or
walls or anything that you know you
should not draw on right or I'll draw on
your faces and when you're sleeping
well draw on your faces while you're
sleeping cuz kids sleep all the time
it's easy to draw on kids faces they're
like always asleep don't believe me we
got that montage two kids are sleeping
I know it's likes me that tired actually
no and he's just savoring it
Oh dreamy about it out is so good is it
it's pizza is it oh it's upside down
pizza
this is Isaac leveling all right guys
thanks we got this Gavin hey thanks Emmy
hey guys thanks for watching jfb
if you want to watch next week's video
like right now this week click it and if
you want to watch shake time in America
look up there Avia what shade time with
America it's one remember one teaches a
handstand on the door yeah well people
all over the world can do that and then
they'll send it to us and we'll watch it
and the will fr giggly heads off yeah
check out the legs above thanks for
watching guys alright guys thanks for
joining us once again on che signs in
America you know how this works
do the challenge so you can make their
bed the fastest with one hand and film
it upload it to YouTube tag us with che
FB che Simon America anything you on
will find it you could get a chance to
be on the television show that's right
to meet Tom Bergeron America's Funniest
Home Videos and win $100,000 okay here
we go Hey
