typical everybody we are sledding daddy
we are going sledding here hello it is
Friday morning
yeah did you get some chapstick on
loofas had some chapped lips going on
there's some hair here no school no
school gimme Papa no school Friday no
school and then you guys want to show
them outside yeah I bet you they would
have you want to show them the natural
disaster we're looking at on the outside
of our house we got about a foot and a
half of snow last night good 12 inches
he was like oh sure let's show quite the
wintry Wonderland out here I feel like
we will not see the grass until March
maybe it could be April till we see the
grass to go leak I hope you like a cold
weather because you live in it now buddy
boy look at this is cool no I don't know
if we got a foot it just depends it's a
foot in some places cuz of the drifts it
blows we probably got maybe four or five
inches but then in some places it blows
and it's really deep you know how it
works alright let's go we got to go do
some shopping we're gonna be snowed in
here we gotta go snow let them in let
him in oh my Hellfire just let him in
come on he's got to come in come on
inside
wipe your feet off you're so
inconsiderate we got to get a rug Avia
on the list a rug we're going shopping
to buy a bunch of stuff we're gonna go
shopping - lets on her way home okay
Safra got it what'd you say soft oh and
they said soft drug let me see that all
right so this is our list we have to go
do a bunch of shopping we want to get
the shelves stocked before mom gets home
so see if she gets home
the house will be clean the fridge will
be full and the children will be happy
and it'll be nice and warm and cozy in
our beautiful home
no you what I eat no crazy man nobody's
ever done that before
okay you guys ready go shopping all
right let's go and we're here please
to get a super to early today so
brach you want to show them your bike
let's show him how buried your bike is
look at this thing he's got snow on
oh I just got tagged with a snowball
somebody's getting a whitewash look at
this this is how you can tell how much
snow look here's the top of the snow
hey emmi boom oh you tagged me in the
hand
he hate me in the vlogging hand that's
it that is it I'm gonna get him suck
wait until I'm in close quarters yeah
nailed him right in the head
oh yeah look a via safe and sound in the
car hello pizza oh man you got me okay
ready let's go do some shopping
everybody pile in the Subaru dude how
good was that tag to the head did I hurt
I'm sorry but freaking tagged you right
the head all right here we go shopping
better list my ABS
can't fit vacuum coconut water almond
milk garbage bags bananas and mango and
a soft rug that's softer I got it and my
jacket hit me in the head let's see you
got a little cut gotta be careful here
oh I am careful jeepers creepers
all right let's brave this storm gotta
turn you guys off this weather is crazy
hold on tight everybody
hey guys we're out of hands and then
he's freaking out okay close your eyes
take a deep okay everything's fine I'm
going really slow yeah
hey listen I'm only going ten miles good
I can run faster that's how fast and the
urban shredder goes that's not what is
this a brand deal no faster
is it really who saw our urban shredder
video a long time ago undefined yeah
that was fun steady just look it's a
little watch your name okay you keep
looking back oh I got a lot of cool that
to the calm down stick in a wedge
mommy's coming
yeah she's moving like around the show
yeah what time she gonna go like 11:30
yesterday and I tell me this morning
when I go to the store she might be home
any second baby oh she's not the light
at the end I'm over every yesterday the
driveway let's call mom right now
hang up the blog cam okay Oh see you
guys later learn to call her mom okay
here you take it you want to go show me
tree take it with you go so go through
those guys okay
yeah
oh these are me rock you need to show
him come here
so and he's crying Oh dad I have to talk
you can't just walk around so Brock
my dad said for Brock to come film
himself here goes the next to the tree
was it oh okay here's the camera
yeah go right let's alright first stop
on the shopping tour LEDs and snow
shovels and I also just bought a big
snow blower but I don't have my truck so
my dad's gonna come and pick it up and
blow some snow but we got the essentials
sleds and snow shovels let's go let's go
we gotta go buy dog food next all right
buddy okay baby
you are such a good daddy I love you
daddy
oh man my j's are getting all slushy
dawg I got them slushy J's on you take
up the new slushy J's 2014 all right
start loading them in throw them in
there get the nature box out of the way
those shovels you eatin more snow you
crazy crazy
not gonna fit you might have to put the
handles like up through the seat we
could strap them to the roof don't eat
the yellow snow
oh you hit me right in the testicular ZZ
bro all right throw those things in here
hey sit down right here
hey sit down you wanna go for a sleigh
ride okay sit down
Gavin put that giant ice ball down and
film this stop you guys don't dude ice
ball get here okay Tommy we can't make
you ready okay imma get in okay it
doesn't break before you and use it
ready you people everybody we are
sledding you are ready we are going
sledding
you are doing a good job on this lady
ready yeah ready
that's pretty good flood all right
little buddy
we're on our last leg home to our
families we miss them and we love them
align his our faith and projects in hey
hi Daddy
hi Daddy daisies Philip wigle body
I made him set his car cedar in the last
slide so he just wants to go during this
one which is fine
he locks the window seat to Daddy
because I would a burrito for further so
we're going to go meet Shea and the kids
from theirs they went shopping because I
guess it's snowing like crazy I'm so
we're going shopping to go get all
stocked up so that case we get snowed in
to our house we'll be okay
so let's go medium shopping and we miss
them so much and we love them they love
you guys
but I got the camera Deb look interested
just pretend just pretend look okay
daddy
that's what translation gotta get in
this you know good read before we get
home - we just got to rip echo we got a
bunch of dog food and cat food and don't
forgot the stuff for the cat I don't
know why I let you guys talk me into
getting a cat tree different cats are
taking over our lives no ball freaking
bag like 50 pounds okay we can have in
our house somehow with the adoption of
that other yellow dog we now have seven
cats and if you count Bronx three dogs
that's ten animal got a feed I'll give
you a snowball oh my gosh oh my gosh
okay okay you're gonna throw snow you
better get expected to get snow thrown
back at you you're gonna play the
snowball game it's gonna head goes both
ways bro all right to the next chore
keyword friendly home and now we're
looking for my family that said they
would meet me here in this place okay
Collette just texted us she just landed
at the airport and she's on her way to
Walmart right now I'm gonna we got a
date then try to find mom before she can
find us hurry who can find mom first try
to find her
I don't know where they are but one
thing for sure that I need is eight one
of those um window panes boom a window
thing I need a window thing I need one
of those windows scrapers that has the
brush for your to brush snow off your
car because it is common by own anyways
I need something to bury myself out and
bury myself can't talk or two
I guess this one loves me my mom I just
I just started wrong oh I missed you
Mercer Co ya little popsicle yeah oh did
my children
Oh Union that's sweet oh he crashes the
cart I love you so much I love you I
miss tearing the baby sleeping but he
missed you too
Oh where's my other love okay I miss you
just that quick I just bought this snow
blower my dad went down to Home Depot on
got it cuz he's a champion check this
thing out that'll move snow yeah that's
been that fun good
love it it's a rainbow of snow
Oh barbecue chicken where'd you come
from can I show them the chickens here
what film is oh okay I'm coming I
decided that I wanted to be as
comfortable as possible why don't you
change the battery oh yeah instead of
using nine look I have slipper it up
alright so it dinner's over and now it's
pajama night I am wearing the
comfortable most I just went in my room
and I saw these I thought those look
super comfortable I'm gonna wear those
right now so I'm wearing my Superman
pajamas everybody else has their jammies
on because we're gonna watch a movie and
eat snacks look I like your jammers
cookies yeah and then we're having
candies aren't we little American Girl
doll where's your jammies at huh mr.
bean sweater where's your jammies at
where's your jammies act and look at the
window it is a frosty blaster evening
out there nothing better than movie
night with cuddly jammies on the couch
with the family thanks for watching a
guys thank you for thumbs up in the
videos leaving us nice comments and
clicking on those vlogs from yesterday
the feeling lucky button and what the
shades are doing one two three four and
five years ago tonight
appreciate you guys hope you have a
great weekend and stay warm and snuggly
no going on tag you write your face with
a snowball alright we had I'll see you
guys on Monday
