go hi guys hey so it is Tom what night
it is Friday no today
Shay had all the kids he did some major
shopping and snow blowing because it is
stormy weather here in Idaho and I just
got back like you we are setting the
table we're going to have a dinner at
our table for the first time I'm making
some mashed potatoes and barbecued
chicken Shay is I think he's outside
snow blowing or somebody so I'm going to
put on my boots I'm gonna pull a what's
he called
you guys remember him no you don't
remember him mr. Rogers mr. Rogers where
he changes his shoes you know he comes
in the house and he's singing and he's
singing and won't you be my neighbor as
he's changing his shoes while I'm
changing into my boots because it is
blustery out there so this is a one take
yes it is
I'm sorry then it's a one take today but
Shay was crazy busy I was crazy busy and
that's just the way it happened and you
know what if it wouldn't have stormed
you probably would have a video now but
Shay has been outside snow blowing all
day we don't have the plows not working
yet or the the tractor is not working
yet let's see if I can get some lights
on for you guys I don't see any more
lights that all lights we got
oh my god and yet we have a new dog told
there you go we have a new dog
you got a one-take situation today I
told her the hypothermia and three of my
ten fingers well you don't have boots on
for one I'm gonna be boots on that's
what you say to me no in Idaho you know
I know
where we live woman you know you're
fully aware of this slash flogging my
family my life so I'm gonna put up a
vlog tomorrow this is a one-take we're
in a kind of situation where it is a
snowy horn we could get Sat socked in
here as they say and not be able to get
out so you have to plow it real time as
it falls
yeah it's also doing current that can I
just turn this off you okay we'll give
you a break soaking wet now it's the
stuff snowing and now it's put our tool
away I got this tool today at Home Depot
and Home Depot and I myself lower now
you just need some boots I know we need
to go tripping look at me see this
camera hey guys let me show you
something look at my look I'm right this
is my travel buddy today this tires are
full of snow what man yeah that's
cruising around everywhere on that thing
today we got to get some snowmobiles
well it's freezin all right one take I'm
gonna pipe a vlog tomorrow I have a lot
of footage it's just late
Colette's home we need dinner I've been
out plowing snow for the last three and
a half hours look I have footage
humanity I'll just put it up tomorrow
guys I wanna hang out the family
Colette's home baby is here hi
but yeah I clean the house tell them all
you'll see tomorrow
look they're hanging our hood vent
things are happening okay you're moving
and grooving
well shakin and bakin I know Phil my arm
tell them tell them hypothermia yeah sit
by the fire take it off
