Oh whole swimming pool full of food oh
crap
drop the camera hi login here hey guys
before we start today's vlog I want to
give a shout out to the three winners of
the hashtag game did you know shade we
just totally picked him at random
actually there's four we did four
winners and we did a Google hangout was
so cool thanks for a sponsor Geico it's
awesome hanging out with you guys what
it's really dawned on me is when I was
doing this Google hangout how different
their chez tart viewers are there's so
many different types of people anyways I
want to give a shout out to the
following people the very first person
to get it right to know of kong's MO and
she got all the right answers seventeen
point seven seconds that was my time in
the relay race a Barbie doll that's what
baby tart got for her second birthday
and Rey art was the right dude who
painted the picture one thing that's
interesting as we go throughout these
watch the answer number two very they're
all correct but they're all different
this is hilarious watch this next person
shout out to Cindy van who was the
second person that got chose to be in
the Google+ hangout she put a
cheerleader outfit which is true baby
tart did get a cheerleader outfit but
she also got a Barbie so both of them
got it right shout out too soon shout
out to the next winner Joe I like how
specific he gets she got a cheerleading
outfit with pom-poms a Barbie and
coloring stuff Joe's a good guy lives in
New York invited me to come out and go
deer hunting with him and last but not
least captain Redbeard randiandersen
this dude was a cool guy watch how
specific he gets because you got truly
an outfit with pom-poms
and a megaphone markers and a Barbie
doll it was good chatting with you Eddie
and he had some really good questions
anyways I want to show you a clip of me
and us in the Hangout I'm such an idiot
though because I had my headphones in so
when I'm talking to them and I'm filming
them because I wanted them to say hi to
you guys they're saying hi but it's in
my headphones and I don't realize that
the camera can't hear it because I can
hear it so I assure that the camera can
hear but no because I had my headphones
in that's why I'm an idiot so here's
that clip of me hanging out with all
these cool dudes and dudettes everybody
shaycarl here and we're air right now in
a
Google+ hangout hanging out with Cindy
Cindy wave hi we're here with Joe who's
in New York at work we're here with
Randy
we called him captain Redbeard because
earlier a rock guard was here looking
for a treasure map we're with Rick and
his beautiful is she your girlfriend
Rick or wife wife nice yeah she's way
better looking than you are dude hey I
know I know what it's like he followed
my same pad are you going with mom yeah
go out with mom trying to get rid of all
the kids go with your mother and then
we're also at savasana which I can't
pronounce your name very well we just
said she's the pretty blonde girl where
are you from again Norway nice and of
course that girl Joe is here hanging out
with us these are all the correct
answers on did you know Shay hashtag did
you know Shay thanks to Geico we're just
all hanging here we just gave him a
little tour of the house and explaining
to them about the betel outside and they
know about a secret project that I'm
working on that they promise not to
steal the name of right Rick so we're
gonna ask them some trivia questions
right now to see how good they are at
Shay trivia I don't know Bobby if
they're gonna be able to get any of
these these are hard I think they're
gonna have to do some research well sis
you me babe
kind a Fig Newton yum-yum-yum-yum
so our flight is delayed from Idaho to
Salt Lake City and then from Salt Lake
City to LA it's really tight so
hopefully we get on our next flight I'm
just really bummed I'm having the
hardest probably the hardest time I've
had going back to LA and I'm not sure
why maybe I just feel like I just got
back and I haven't really gotten
anything accomplished in my house I mean
I've definitely been doing stuff and
unpacking boxes but it doesn't look any
different to me I just am really anxious
to get settled so we're going back to LA
to shoot mom's view and Mommy and Me
which is always good I
I'm excited because we'll probably be
filming our holiday stuff so that'll be
fun and I probably will not go back to
LA in December so that's the plan for
now I just missed everybody already yeah
yeah oh did you want a bite
trying to bite he's so generous to share
I love you
say I miss you daddy dad daddy hey daddy
I love you sure that you touch up on the
buckle and pull apart
Rasika she can be used as a flotation
device to use all the questions from the
seat
you like the kitties want to hold one
pick up that white one give him a big
hug and kiss you like the black one this
morning I was trying to pull the car out
so I just tried to put all the cats
inside of the kennel right there and I
wasn't throwing them but as like you
know how they're trying to run out so
I'm like grab them train like push them
back in thrown back in broccoli
dad don't push them they're not toys
they're kiddies like oh sorry Brock
sorry
so we've been trying to park our car
here don't kiss them countess's no he's
buff good
give him get this well all the kiddies
are still alive can you believe it they
giving each other kisses yeah okay let's
go inside and just like that we're in LA
filming we're trying to buy it that's
kind of us we're in a different studio
today not it maker studios so this is
our room this is a different picture
this time it's a naked man instead of a
naked girl can't get away from those
nude pics hey yeah I'm saying oh I guess
it's a setup we don't have a completely
nude and then I saw the picture up there
yeah did you see the other yes yeah
you're not in LA unless you see seems to
tell you how both awesome let me show
you here this place that we're filming
the moms view they have this giant white
on second you know the one at maker or
this one is like three times you know
look at that I think it's cool do you
want to go film a music video in there
or something or something cool you have
that this thing up here yes it's kind of
like a skateboard ramp ooh looks like a
giant white skateboard ramp colonies
that what you want to build in our
garage at checkpoint skateboarding oh
you ready for cheerleading little girl
and go do some back handsprings and
cartwheels and such huh go cheer for
your team eight branches dart you ready
to go to miss your cheerleading move you
guys got any Russians toe touches that's
great cheerleading move right there
uncle Casey's taking the girl severely
this is such a good uncle yeah grandma's
gonna come pick you up
did you tell her hey did you tell her I
pick you up you did I can't on the kids
walk a collar on the kids for goodbye I
love you guys all right you guys we're
getting ready to film the Christmas look
we have hiyoko wish mellow Zen and curly
looks deadly
I just looking at this point where is so
cute look my favorite items here direct
our directions I said this is our
decoration directions question of the
year is what color should I do my
Christmas tree I really want to paint
and you read the ship really not very
Christmassy oh yeah do it
you did well I happy to keep them Brown
maybe it's not reading wasn't really my
mind men are more than one of the creeps
yeah I have you could have been one of
our three already the film is actually
gonna be uploaded on Christmas night it
just got done filming two episodes for
the moms who there are holiday episode
Thanksgiving and Christmas let me just
tell you it was I cried a lot today
that's awesome tell you talking about
holidays and gratefulness and all those
things it was like I was trying to pull
off melons
yeah like trying like they were like a
thing you can take they're too busy and
perfect he wanted them
letting him hold it for a few minutes
and he's only really thing is getting
away with something cute you're the best
the best on set nanny we could ever ask
for
beauty so when they were falling in love
in the snow he kept turning to me going
you needed it oh that they were falling
in love and he was excited for that Oh
like that's what I want
Totino's pizza who of you out there is
living on these right now
I lived on those in college I love them
they're Disney's like cheesy really
small pizzas Rosen more of them for five
bucks they're like a dollar right salad
eat that it's a healthier option is much
too expensive it's not a dollar
yes we're finally home she went great
you guys will get to see them soon and
we're eating salad pizza the girls love
kinsella pizza love it I do like it baby
sleeping and I'm missing my family it's
weird driving around in LA what's that
what is that from the flavored whipped
topping oh that was for the AFV shoes
yeah yeah yeah when were you in shape
are like car lag along anyways driving
around La is very hectic and crazy but
it makes me miss my family because we
were a family here we lived here at one
point and now I'm driving around here
without them it just makes me feel like
oh I miss my family I don't miss living
here when we come and drive around in LA
I don't miss it like there's some things
I'm in some restaurants I miss some
activities that I miss but I overall in
general I do not miss LA okay so I guess
that's a good thing even though it's one
degree in Idaho today oh look who's here
to greet me when I come home tonight hey
whitey hmm
how is the garage the kiddies are
starting to get braver and expand into
the visitation of the garage as they
make it their kingdom
this is mama kitty she's a good mama
he's a good mama
he's a good mom and you gotta know you
got a good mama you gotta be grateful
for your mama and yet as into a mom and
a card on happy Mother's Day what your
other ones we hear you come towards our
voices I love you kitty
all right you know here you hungry are
you hungry at those eyes those are here
you can have Zeke's food you eat that a
whole swimming pool full of food oh crap
drop the camera a bad my bad there's oh
no jeez what are you doing kamikaze you
don't jump from a bowl of Great Dane
food crazy cat I just set off the fire
alarm in our apartment that's
embarrassing
I cook in the pizzas and the van wasn't
on and it started to smell like burning
and then the pizzas are burnt though
it's just the oven you know when ovens
get that stuff in the bottom and then
they just um anyway stop is a bad thing
my kids have been shot into those
Pokemon videos it's basically just guy a
guy or whatever there's I think there's
a couple different guys that do it it's
just opening the Pokemon cards I think
it's so crazy they will watch it forever
just watch those videos of them opening
Pokemon boxes and packages and seeing
which cards they get I think it's so
funny but that's the world we live in
that is because they wanted to what pack
they should get oh they want to see
which one has the most exs yeah see I
know my Pokemon lingo ha what else you
pull really in a Pokemon package what
else would you want to get a legendary a
legendary oh what's that
I don't know I'm gonna cool looks
legendary guys come on
oh it's really lucky if you get
old-fashioned cards which meets like
they're they're old like yeah like a
Pikachu
yeah and I know Pikachu that's the only
one I know centaur said that they
stopped making shoes so it's really like
flare collectors and a seller you have
four pika truth lucky me here is that's
all Gavin wants for his birthday is some
legendary box of some kind I don't know
I have to ask him again if any of you
know what he's talking about
feel free to let me know man she is so
pretty I mean guys you see you bring my
wife is seriously lucky dude right here
most super lucky dude thanks for
watching sorry the vlogs up late today
it's snowed it took me an hour to get
home up in the mountains there's a lot
of snow I followed the kids school bus
from their school and it took forever
cuz it winter hit you'll see I'll show
you some pictures tomorrow alright let
you guys click on yesterday's vlog click
on that fin a lucky button if you want
to see it the Shaytards noon one two
three four and five years ago those
numbers are below you can just click
right on your screen or you're on a
desktop computer if you're on your phone
or a tablet those links are all in the
description just click that view more
button and you can click on those links
to watch those videos okay okay I love
her so much I call that comes from
Tamara
I saw excited okay love you bye
