hi I'm logging here good morning 7 a.m.
time to catch the school bus I think
it's it's fun we're just driving down to
the bus stop
you need to have opposable thumbs let
your brother do it he has them all right
let's go to school hi mommy
good morning this is you I love CrossFit
because you get a good workout plushie
it's work on strength I just did a 1 rep
max push press 200 pounds trevor is
doing a lot more how much is this Trev
295 295 I just did 200 so he's doing
basically one Colet more than me how you
feeling case put max 800 pounds please
you got it you got it
get it kid nothing I know you need to
put more weight on dude
not enough getting our sweat and
strength on feeling good man love
CrossFit all right so you know what you
need after CrossFit you need some
protein Shawn so you can get those gains
okay so much protein Casey recently was
in the mountains of Colorado and
happened to come upon a deer Casey also
in his possession had a gun breakfast
Casey killed that deer and brought it
home here to Idaho we are now going to
eat it for breakfast we don't go to the
grocery store here we go to the
mountains we got some fat the dogs oh
yeah and that's like the that is healthy
protein so that's a mule deer meat
what's what part of the animal is that
the backstrap it's like sits on there
sundar the spine has two flanks on each
side there's one on each side
big long strips the best me there is
does that gross you out some of
guarantee some of you're like I can't I
can't watch it is meat it's just but
that's people have such a disassociation
with me because they just go to the
grocery store or they go to the
drive-through what do you think you're
eating when you get chicken nuggets
you're just eating meat you know when
you have like your Canadian bacon and
pineapple pizza let's just cut up pieces
of pig flesh he walks out to a shed cuts
off a big chunk of meat and puts it on
your pizza damn pizza go make me a damn
omelet with that what do we have in
steak it's good Casey's a good cook too
I'll show you when it's all ready Bronks
you're my hero we could all learn a
lesson from this little boxer dog he
does not act like anything has fazed him
he doesn't make excuses that he has a
giant cone on his head and a cast he
just runs around happy as ever hanging
out with the other dogs and a good mood
bless your heart that is a very good
lesson to learn Bronx you don't get down
on the dump so you just say you know
what I got a run on three legs
so I'll figure it out bless your heart
good boy
oh my wien Casey's kitchen secrets to us
you saw this half
Browns a Tapatio
all right reading deer steaks yeah
that's gonna be nice in final summation
look at that that looks delicious deer
steak and potatoes I'll have ketchup I'm
a ketchup kind of guy you guys put
ketchup on everything I like ketchup
I like salsas all right this is a
high-protein bread high-protein guess
what this is all supplied by nature
Thank You nature thanks nature I leave
it and pick these potatoes she picked
them grew and picking then the eggs are
from that lady that sells eggs right
down the straw series yeah brownie this
is a whole like local organic meal I
like it I'm gonna eat it okay gotta go
bye did you say yeah we're gonna frost
rain you almost got a frostbite what's a
frostbite me feel your nose oh my gosh
it's like an icicle just so cold
blocking up the street where they are
guys hid oh they're bringing the garbage
cans up here take the camera out and
film them carrying the garbage cans up
and tell them thanks for helping out
around the house and I very appreciate
their help here leave your backpack I
know you're about to get a hypothyroid
hurry go out there and get a hypothermia
would you call or a frostbite I don't
wanna bring coconut frostbite one go
tell them thanks for bringing the
garbage cans up yeah
tell I'm very appreciative of their help
hurry one loop Oh
Oh
let's go okay so family oh okay don't
judge me
that's a wish I just don't want to get a
frost right there nothing on that too
long and they weren't coming out to you
you weren't coming up here so you didn't
see him how far you go out there
obviously not very far hey I'm editing
this right now who wins the race who
wins this race you do I just ruined it
for me this is the funnest part of like
my day when I get to edit footage that I
haven't seen yet so I wasn't here last
night because I went to talk to Casey
and watch the Eagles football game so I
wasn't around when they were building
this so it's fun watching this like see
who's gonna win you can rocks feeling
competitive he's like wait oh he's so
competitive he doesn't want to lose was
that fun racing your little brother
oh he did guys Chris I gotta go I'm
watching the shade horse walk by how's
the weather out there bro did you bring
the garbages up dude that is what I'm
talking about that's like I don't even
ask you to do that but that's you
you guys are like ah dang I got good
kids that's you thinking like hey those
are our garbage cans they're empty it
looks like the garbage truck came we
should help out and carry those on up to
the house it's a huge hill to carry two
big garbage cans up so you are an
awesome kid where's my other awesome kid
no you're not my awesome
oh we got to do a google hang on me it
was your idea serious thank you so much
you guys seriously we live on a farm
that's what we need we need everybody to
pull their weight okay okay go get the
baby up the ladder everything you know
though this is my name every singing of
the champion of the world we would sing
that when we would beat each other
playing basketball it's like a way to
get underneath your siblings skin you
know it's like you win you wanna rub it
it's you're like I am the champion
we run you know that Bob swing I am the
champion oh yeah that's b.o.b you guys
start singing that that's the new
version Casey if we are the champions of
the world pop songs the b.o.b Emmy come
here
why'd you start singing I am champion
when you look at her smile she's that's
funny Brock got pissed off that yeah
yeah you see yesterday's video check it
out do you have a certain time of the
day when you like a certain room of your
house better right now I love this room
because of this barely see it look at
all the rainbows all the rainbows come
in we just brought the table in the
canvas refinished she's such a good job
anyways look at these reflections yes we
paid Candace to do this for us this was
a project she's like I want to redo that
I'm like I'll pay you if you do it she
ain't good job the bottom is all black
and then the top is like a dark walnut
stain and then she painted all the
chairs black so get all those chairs in
here and let's see the final product
and we're trying to surprise him the
last Colette just went to get the kids
so I want to surprise her my bringing
the table in and getting it all cleaned
up and set up a job card all right
here's the final look
he's like the table it's big we could
fit I mean that's eight people right
there we could easily fit twelve or
fourteen you know there's like four more
leaves that we can put in that so these
is a great table for Thanksgiving turkey
then gobble gobble gobble having is
ready for Thanksgiving mmm ready I'm
excited to eat lots of stuffing do you
like it darling
Colette's going to California today and
we're all very sad you'll be back in a
few days just a few days she has to go
shoot some mom's view stuff I must stay
here with the kids and we are going to
hang out together except for Dax I was
going with mom I'm gonna bite - here
I'll bite it right off
I can't wait for countless dinners
around this table of the family talking
reminiscing talking about what happened
at school that day talking about Brock
punching people in the face here miss
mommy we're all gonna miss mommy go see
the kiddies all right I'm filming no I
need mommy he was talking to me in the
third person was I guess like I wasn't
there I need mommy I don't want you to
go to California
come on gonna stay here so mommy stay
here any hugs all right mom no you don't
get shotgun mom went to California we're
going to pick up a via from activity day
on the front of the car okay you said on
the front of the car do you bring the
bungee cords Jeff duct tape we need duct
tape and bungee cords in the front
because I know he wants us on the very
front like on the hood
we're like duct tape him to the hood you
wanna do that Mama Kitty you stay here
no no no no let her out no you're gonna
freeze come back in the garage
pepper grabber a lot of stuff Oh bother
come on damn it come on mama oh I can
feel your boobs are big full of milk you
got big milky boobies yeah it's a good
kitty okay bye he'll be back so what do
you do when you're a dad of four and
your wife's gone you come to your mom's
house
oh and guess who helped a via Flavia I
said I need one of these permanently
she's a good helper it was her idea to
bring the garbage cans up from the road
today that's a giant short of what
anyways love this is dinner
we got espera grass this is a spare
grass and shepherd's pie like that what
we got dessert that's your favorite let
easy chair she's pie I'm in activity
days you did laughs we made it activity
days I like when you got activities yeah
Easter eggs for me today what Oh
can i spell Easter eggs for you okay can
you go help can you go help him Oh Brock
come eat then we'll watch videos
rock kameez shepherd's pie then we'll
watch Easter egg videos can you spell
Easter egg for me yes yes you are you
just don't know it yet come here
hey hey you need to have five big bites
and then you can go watch some videos
okay sit down you're gonna eat a German
Shepherd no he's a police dog don't eat
the German Shepherd a German Shepherd
honey you're a nice after let's say
prayer
yeah okay we got it we gotta go we're
gonna bless the food okay bye all right
bedtime let's see
Rock charts bear he's wearing underwear
the Bears got underwear decanas honey
did you put those on him yeah let me see
let me see that bear this bear is
wearing rock cards underwear he thought
he should have some of his own underwear
yeah oh my golly Miss Molly she sure had
this throw her hair it's beautiful oh my
gracious
blends omadi that is the prettiest
hairdo I ever did see
all right hey bears with underwear
getting bad right now get your bed it's
your butt in bed girls with camouflage
and long blonde hair find your place in
the sleepy station look use this might
help you sleep better tonight I love you
underwear I got my underwear on crazy
monkey all right good night I love you
oh good night
Oh see in the morning tell you put kids
to bed that's how you do it right there
getting bad almost your face it was
going this way oh really me oh but then
you had to move it - that's great okay
can I love you see you in the morning
have a good night's sleep love you bye
bye good night
you can have a kiss gimme kiss gimme
guess you can kiss them okay say bye
guys
say good night good night good night say
mommy I love you mommy I love you how
can you come home from California
double-park out for y'all hug get good
hugs forget the hugs hugs oh my love you
okay oh good night say I love you mom
all right good night
I'm leaving see you guys in the morning
good night and believe it or not they go
to bed I seriously I shut the door just
like I did in the vlog and I went and
did whatever else brush my teeth and
they both went to bed I have such a good
kids all right you guys please we just
barely barely put up the New York City
Marathon video amazing shots we got a
lot of footage from you guys a lot of
you New Yorkers filmed the marathon we
use that in the video it's live right
now click on that feeling lucky button
and go check it out if you want to feel
motivated if you want to feel inspired I
feel like if you feel like you've been
lacking that motivation to like the
drive to live life to the fullest and to
get out there and make it change
your life if you felt like you've been
trapped or just lost click on that video
I think it will help you sincerely we do
these things because we want to
challenge ourselves but I also do it to
try to inspire everybody who watches our
videos because you guys have inspired me
my life has changed because of you so I
do all I can to try to help inspire you
guys to change your life so please click
on that feeling lucky button and go
check out the marathon vlog then watch
yesterday's vlog and see what we are
doing 1 2 3 4 and 5 that's basically
like a 7 assignment homework I just gave
to you go watch those 7 videos and then
call me in the morning okay love you bye
I'm stuck in a splatter ray oh crap now
this insulate it's gonna go forever
we're stuck in a spiderweb
know this the spider-man
will he get us out say bye spider-man
Jesus no spider-man is in the way oh
he's stuck in the web great there's no
hope you guys help us get out of the
spider web thumbs up this video it's the
only way that's a lie but it would be
cool hey tell these guys bye bye bye
