this is why we don't have competition
alright shayloss what's going on we are
not gonna lose this momentum we are not
gonna lose the momentum from the
marathon I'm filling pumps so guess what
we're gonna be doing Crossfit hard the
next 90 days who else is gonna do
CrossFit you had to do CrossFit - I
think so dad is that what this is
introducing my good buddy from high
school Trevor how long we known each
other
seventh grade seventh grade probably is
when we very first met we've been
friends ever since long time how much
you a Trevor - 84
Trevor is starting out at the weight
that I started when I was my heaviest
that you know that I was like 280 - room
I was like the same way to do and a foot
shorter anyways Trevor for the next 90
days me and him are gonna hit CrossFit
together as hard as we can and we're
gonna see what it does for our bodies in
fact I am taking it to the next step I'm
gonna give him 50 bucks per pound that
he loses can you do it oh yeah I'm a
little bit so he I figure he's got about
1,500 dollars worth of Trevor truck he
can lose so we're gonna start today are
you ready yes sir how's that high five
nice Trevor knife
hey check out this hot chick had a girl
all right CrossFit's over how do you
feel I feel not shaky like I know daddy
I know you did get a CrossFit today -
yeah you did
you're the best crossfitter you're the
best boss forever yeah how'd you like it
this is killer man I'm gonna go a
hard-on CrossFit I feel so anxious not
to lose the momentum from the marathon
but I want to just keep hitting it hard
so in order to do that I promised my
buddy Trevor he's just been a good
friend of mine for all my life you know
since seventh grade so I told him I said
dude I'm gonna motivate you to lose
weight I'm gonna pay you 50 bucks per
pound you lose so if he loses one pound
he makes 50 bucks he loses 10 pounds he
makes 500 he wants to make a little
extra money before Christmas so that's
one thing that I'm gonna do to keep him
and me motivated so we're gonna hit
CrossFit every single morning for the
next 90 days well not every single
morning what do you think three days a
week four days a week I think three days
is probably enough one some lifetimes
probably Eagles for anybody done that
was your last before so much you know
everyone's kind of experienced one
second they knock me down I'm gonna go
everyday with you am I gonna get
fluttered hey guys um weird about me and
Gavin are about to walk up the trail and
we're gonna show you the cat's how they
are so far so there's a cat climbing up
there oh it was wrestling wrestling so
yeah there's no wrestling mode that's
where the bed is is with a wrestling
month now I'm coming over there
mama the main thing that we have those
kittens at school this morning
wait why not school um anyways at this
point life
she got a boy who likes her and I set
her not today and I know notes have a
person girl she has an insane crush on
me she said I see oh yeah tell him about
it like like she sent me like three full
page letters
wow that are crazy making the show like
I don't know if I'm gonna tell you guys
but and there's some snow it snowed this
morning when we were getting ready for
school
that was pathetic but anyways uh we're
walking up to what do you think gauges
sorry guys got snow on my hands we're
rocking up to breathing gauges house and
just play with them and then we're gonna
go to wingers and if Emmy fitters was
cleaning her room then we're gonna go to
a movie so I'm excited and and also
because my mom's leavin come off for the
moms to view I think so yeah just have a
great time
my hi baby boy hey uh hmm but that know
your toy alright guys I'm getting ready
to go to LA Augean but you know I'm not
complaining because I do like to do the
shoots that we do but it's just a lot of
traveling but good news we have a
separate seat for Dustin this time so
it'll be fun on the airplane what do we
we have honey
hey buddy we gotta say goodbye to
everyone huh hey guys so now we're
walking back down to my house with
really because she's going in a little
bit to California with her mom for free
videos and stuff
and she's just getting the keys to the
van or the end yeah we're excited and I
think we are I told you but we're gonna
go to dinner at wingers and if our rooms
are clean which her room and my room are
spotless
so thank us huh oh there Zeke
these fans are on a cracker anyways so
yeah hands are great time I know what to
say yeah then go in its No
so see you guys later what are a couple
stud muffins like this doing at a place
like this or do you draw rain rock
fizzle oh there's a beautiful woman that
wants to get in the booty I always let
beautiful woman's in the booth we'll see
what the project is once it develops oh
is that your birdhouse yeah he made a
birdhouse today
look there's food for the bird now
grandma tart is now here hey this is
crazy
look over there all five of our
offspring at one table imagine this one
day when they're adults and we're dot
we're dead we're old and dead the five
of them will be sitting at a table
having dinner together talking about the
old times with mom and dad and they'll
think about all the good times we had
together as a family and no reminisce
they'll talk about us but we'll be long
gone and they will be adults with their
own kids the five of them will always
stick together or else I'll come back
from the dead and haunt the crap out of
them love you guys yes mom we did get a
picture of your boyfriend Pat Tillman
yeah he's a he was a handsome devil I
love you Daxton so awesomely put the NFL
before jr. angels okay Brock wants to
show us his birdhouse he made at school
I love it do you think any birds will
come and eat or live in your bird house
yeah no II in my my eggs folk rock laser
okay maybe you should make some birds to
go in your bird house no you shouldn't
draw some birds with some paper yeah
okay okay it's time for Bob the Builder
to help me build this and I'm a little
man if you are a worker man he has
helped me build all the but all the
bookshelves he's helped me build all the
shoe racks that are in I do bar and I
build houses you build houses
yeah good house builder he is a good
builder too which is kind of a stinky
one though we need two more shoe shelves
because we have a lot of choose between
Shea and I in our closet this little
baby keeps climbing it so here we go
let's build them you ready yeah I'm
ready so I had to pause the building so
I could go put a little broach hard to
sleep because he was being really fussy
and I came back and look what rockhard
has done yours the to builder man look
he got these two in I had him started
and he screwed the rest of him in and
then put the white pound at the white
things in here just a little builder man
I love it
let's do the other side what did you say
that sounds like do it again do it again
these it sounds like a swarm of bees
yeah he was just making that noise he
goes that sounds like a lot of bees from
Winnie the Pooh that's true good ear
dude he's so smart he's my kid so he has
to be right I'm dork we had to bring the
rest of the shell from here three making
a swarm of bees down okay you can use
the other one
but okay remember keep turning it to the
left to the right
I think it's to the other way dude blow
the other way yeah you go the other way
but the other way Brock it's oh you're
right you were right that's weird
it's normally the opposite Chuck but
you're right you've done this more than
me
yeah that is right I'm just backward he
really is the Builder man I'm just the
assistant and I clearly don't know what
I'm doing these guys aren't cute and
total workers I never come in your what
what she I don't work grandma it's not
bad oh yeah that's right
hello cute yeah good giant guys got a
hole have this closet done in no time
okay I'm not normally a facilitator of
competition in this house but Emmy and
Brock decided on their own that they
want to have a little race on screwing
the screws into the board all right okay
chico faso go out you can't wait and
they don't beat me are you good - oh
you're doing my just keep going y'all
ain't going and that's nice of you
remember Brock you got to do it straight
on straight on yeah that is you're
trying to go too fast you usually do a
better job if you don't have it oh so
fast
oh okay in full disclosure they actually
already did this on the lower set of
screws and and we barely beat him and he
was totally fine to see just goes ah
dang it
nothin it was really cute hey wait
because I'm will spin you're not
doing you you're not twisting it is cute
you got a perception okay when were
you're doing fine any this is why I
don't this is why we don't have
competition brought alright hold on
alright we okay now I want well it was a
lot cuter the first time you did the
competition but you know what you did a
great job look you got the whole thing
in that is awesome
now you just need to put the cover on
let's see it yeah i won good job honey
high-five okay high five frame another
100 mr. bilder it's a knight say Knight
Brock you're each cries ah
lupus is ruthless you yours again I am
the champions my friends anyways uh
you'll see in the vlog tomorrow I talked
about it thanks for watching today's
vlog I love my kids it's so fun watching
them grow up and
others gonna be freaking comments Brock
is such a brat lately what I can't wait
before you're old got anyways I want to
remember these moments because it's all
part of the growth process we call life
and I love that I can go back and watch
these memories so thanks for being part
of our family and being part of this
journey if you want to see what we were
doing yesterday click on yesterday's
vlog you want to see what we're doing
five four three two one we've been
making videos every single day for five
years so get on subscribe and have a
great time check out all those videos we
love you guys and we will see you
tomorrow
