hi all right this morning you guys we
took our pirate ship to the island and
there were sharks but brockhard was able
to shoot them before they got to us and
now that we have to go to pirate school
we have to cover up the ship and so he's
been in here he covered up the ship so I
think we're gonna be okay nobody will
steal it should we put a guard animal
yeah okay what about a bear we put that
bear to guard the ship or a dog dogs are
ferocious to him the dog to guard the
ship you know it's a mess
don't even talk to me about it okay put
the bear he'll be there to guard the
ship what maybe we should have him
sitting up so he looks more scary
because he looks really fluffy and scary
yeah that because stare support it make
sure they will yeah ah yeah
okay you ready to go to pirate school
yeah let's do this thing
Rogers going to pirate school and we
Kelly and I and throat art are headed to
get items for the shoot tomorrow we're
you're brainstorming we kind of want to
do two sets but we're not sure what
we're gonna do for sure yet
way to go shopping I'm EJ King grapes a
drink and grape
ah not a go you better worry you door
you can fix some stavi job hey why don't
you go fix our pirate ship
no Pat's ship is not real okay good good
oh never want a broken pirate ship
because then you'd sink to the bottom
but we have a very treasure we're not
telling you where it is but he hid it so
it'll be safe over at school right yeah
okay Lexi decided she wanted to go to
Arizona with her mom so we're just gonna
shipper his luggage and brock's on top
of the Christmas tree and this baby's
crazy and our pets heads are falling off
and it's wild but guess what guys this
is what we're getting for Christmas
it's a nine-foot tree and you can either
go white lights or the colored lights
and sometimes our plan
oh okay I do look what's happening in
here
Oh Lord
Oh boys
you don't tell me how you fell in any
gland older way well hot and hungry
that's how I like them hot and hungry
anyway so we're doing a Christmas album
it's a really happy food babe what's
what is for lunch should I order
something yummy soon yeah we got PB&J
all right let's do this all right
big spinning
Oh
backstage the glare of the glam club
this the glam club yeah sure the glam
club AXI we're attempting that the
Hollywood lights I could do a jump off
of that I know it's my Frankenstein hair
look at all Franklin's wife I just need
like a lightning to love this you're not
putting yours up babe you're leaving
yourself no I have to have it done like
it oh I see your necks in a chair I see
okay yeah now I love when clouds are
here like this because it reminds me of
the movie Pearl Harbor and the character
the girl that was in Pearl Harbor and
you look just like her that was when we
were dating and so I would watch that
movie over and over and I'd go watch the
music video on YouTube you could no no
that was Armageddon what's the one
that's on from Pearl Harbor ah remember
what song it was up Faith Hill wasn't
that was fake hell but I didn't hurt her
what is it yeah yeah yeah yeah that was
it yeah and your hair and her hair was
up she's in the army honey I can't wait
to see the after you guys are see what
I'm talking about not that's not yet
she's next in the chair yeah honey looks
good I give it 100 percent turn that's
it yeah very good very nice next in the
Japanese I want to do that to my beard
when you're done Kelly we head to my
beard oh yeah get out are you next to
the chair Zack maybe okay that's next to
the chair after the one that would be
funny appears with up oh you're done you
look good in the white shirt and tie
yes are you really are done yeah yeah
how many what is the song seven how many
of you done me so say we've shot seven
music videos so far
yeah are you sure I hope you get to
that's aggressive that's not hard it's
not easy to shoot 19 music videos but
you're gonna be shooting to like panel
why my face is tired so they're trying
to be like oh oh alright
download the album or shooting a lot of
music videos there is not a single
square inch of available counter space
oh wow most of its out there though like
you need to go and like look at the bed
new girls and your junk you even took
over my side of the scene with what is
this is like this is a space gun can I
shoot somebody in space with this thing
gggg sprays oh sorry that's
counterproductive
I turn this up hi what what are we in
trouble again
are we late
just Blakely requesting them no I just
came to see oh it's up girl hey girl hey
okay
more junk on the bed I think that used
to you this is all your clothes Devery
yeah that's obviously actually and then
if there wasn't what there's a million
different changes of outfits and that
and an another like case of earrings oh
and my piles of shoes I show you this
pile of shoes in here look at these
shoes shiz I like shoes I like shoes you
sleeping I need to decompress ah
depression when I get on video like send
for the day that's when the crying
starts okay time for me like a I
said when's your break down moment
coming cuz you know and all these log
shoots are some there's at least one
break down and cry moment I have my drop
down and how he had heard 5 this morning
here you did know I just I've never done
this alright decompress
alright a lot of chick stuff going on
around here basically but where the kid
Shay oh there's some of them what's
going on
no you guys stay down here in the
basement nobody's allowed upstairs Kyler
is the child master she is controlling
all how many kids are there like ten are
you up to your nerves are you sick of it
just a little bit well there's a lot of
freaking kids that she's in charge of
the downstairs is the kid oh my gosh
I can only imagine the messes that are
down here yours playing soccer kickball
in the basement with the cousins first
base second base oh I want to play can i
play
gavin kitchen oh right now
he's I missed it but dagdu in the face
homerun you guys having fun they target
fun that hurt Gavin okay I'm kicking my
turn give me kick hey guys you okay Ken
I'm kicking I'm kicking I wanna kick you
kick next he ready I'm ready
I'm out I'll have to make all the way
around can I just read on first base you
were all amazing but you touch that base
I want hot space I'm safe on first time
so do I don't have to go though I don't
have to go to second that what how are
you guys playing that you have to do on
the beach then no technically means
you're trying to go to the space in your
eyes no you can't you have to tag them
you can't force out on second base you
learn the rules bro that's what I've
been playing this whole time that's
right you guys there's no force out on
second I can run to first and stay here
who knows baseball lose see now you
could tag me when she kicked out now
it's a force out on second but if
there's no runner you don't have to go
oh nice
driving me home that's an RBI Oh missive
a home run dude can you marry me you're
eating candy in your room you have your
Halloween candy so you do let me see I
wanna see
oh come on you never gave me a dad tax
did you have to give your dad some of
your candy you didn't you got a good dad
all right let's see what you got here Oh
chilly today I want something chewy food
and cheese you'll have a feeling she
hears Nelson or candies
let's open these I'll share some of
these I have 3 packs upstairs there is
okay that's all you have left of your
Halloween candy that's the very last of
it do you have any Halloween candy left
yeah do you still have Halloween candy I
remember as a kid we would get you know
we would like when we were like probably
12 or 13 we took it as like a it was a
serious mission we had pillowcases and
we had rollerblades and we can make good
time through the neighborhood when we
were on our rollerblades because it's
just like cruising from house to house
to house we can be up and down the
street
in ten minutes and have like a quarter
pound of candy so on some of those
nights during Halloween we would do it
for three hours and we would fill a suit
like a sleeping bag almost all the way
full we would have a ton of candy and
then you know what we go back on the
same street like an hour later and go up
set this down down the street again to
get more candy man more candy we ate it
what do you think we did with it we sold
it on the black market to kids who
didn't get candy for Halloween that's
what we did cash money what's going on
there kids everywhere down here guys
watching a movie pillows blankets ow
that's it buddy you're going down I'll
freakin give you a suplex soup look go
to little kids they're just so these
guys are just hanging out down here when
we're shooting 9 music videos upstairs
huh huh thanks for the candy bro good
Trey on Kyler's watching them the whole
time with little dachshund oh nice nice
sexy Pitt oh oh you tagged a girl with
two babies on her hip Tyler's super
babysitter tonight all right keep not
breaking each other's legs guys alt
nobody's in the chair who was in the
chair I don't got Christmas
see you have to buy Kelvin around pursue
them cool good deal well don't look at
my clips on my back richer it's a little
big
I'm just looking your hair that looks
awesome Callie's amazing got any junior
does yeah she's doing which is like
vintage I'm like oh
yeah come put your heads together this
again we've been enhanced Achille looks
great I love it all right cool you're
about to shoot the song and to ensure
that we don't still in the new wood
floors we put the little boys I want to
kiss give this brother a kiss give your
brother a kiss
oh that's a good kisses you guys have to
sit on bubble wrap it's fun and safe you
guys having fun these two dudes are like
the best of friends eating some beef
stew together on bubble wrap leave - oh
okay shut your mouth
Tyler I apologize I'm sure how old are
you Kyler 15 15 you're a great
babysitter best babysitter here hold
your brother pretend like you love him
got him there you go
you got the baby all right so it's
Deborah's birthday today
okay and anyways they have a dance
prepared
like you dead stars ruin the song ruin
the dance Gavin yeah yeah
alright we're singing happy birthday to
Devery kali exact we got a cake and a
beautiful woman
happy birthday Cali pursue you happy
birthday
yeah every calorie and bag make a win
yeah blue people be a little bit busy
oh you're like your bow all right now
they're signing Christmas cards that are
giving out with the bonus deluxe edition
of the CD everybody sign and I'm signing
their autograph right there sign it
right there
good good good that's you're having are
you signing yeah working out to those
calendars Yeah right a lot of calendars
- yeah
very quiet you're behind it is that I
get to see all of my siblings signatures
yeah what does it say about each sibling
curvature of the line
I'm still obvious that debris yeah you
the big life where's dad's up oh yeah I
like Vincent that's good
how are you doing it yes you taking a
snowflake
I'm a Christmas hey are you excited for
Christmas you guys hanging them
snowflakes up are you taking them down
okay alright were you told to take them
down okay you guys are good tree deck
dis D decorators cash money
you're a Christmas tree D decorate okay
yeah still folks you guys are doing a
great job careful don't fall yeah move
your stool closer so you get those ones
can you reach it
Retreat retreat got it good job
end of the day all my music videos got
shot kids are watching the movie is a
good movie it's 11 o'clock staying up
late all the cousins are over robbed
charts tapped out for the night rock and
cash they just had too much they
couldn't stand it anymore they decided
they're out where these guys are still
watching the movie something these guys
are still it's 11 it's 11 p.m. and
they're still signing how many of these
a thousand of them
listening to my fare things we're not
gonna listen to your music in this house
for a month after you live I have that
shirt I wear that today I should is this
shirt to wear that's a great shirt I
wore that one yesterday no it's all
about family so Colette and her two
sisters and her brother and her dad
they're all making a Christmas or I have
already made a Christmas album called
Sparrow in the birch they just shot 9
music videos for the entire album which
I cannot believe they actually
accomplished I highly doubt they were
going to do it but they did it I'm very
proud of them so that links below if you
want to get an album go check out the
new videos that Colette and Kelly just
uploaded I just think I hope one day my
kids make a Christmas album that would
be awesome like all the family together
it's it's cool working on projects
together later on in life you know after
you're adults and stuff and having all
those memories so it's good to have them
they're here this weekend hey guys
what's up it's Monday it's to hang out
this week a I'll see you tomorrow bye
