chef's be number three hands to there's
always so many funny outtakes hey
carmine the scenes Brett writing sprat
okay well yes tell me wll behind the
scene welcome behind the scenes this is
written check yes this is that I can't
wait to watch it roll it welcome back to
shave B Kenya believe it's already been
three episodes one Episode three time
flies when you're having fun have you
watched the first and second episode you
better you better watch both all these
everyone check it out what a recycle
watching along I'm sure your friends
grandma's like this right that's what we
want we want families to be watching
this show okay today we have a brand new
segment can't wait to introduce it to
you and it's gonna be a lot of fun if we
don't break our arms it's called I could
do that and then we have like a graphic
right Brett you promised me a graphic
that is there better be a graphic in
front of my face right now is there
Brett Brett tell me there's a graphic
did you put a graphic on my face in that
name Brett okay here we go let's see if
we can do that okay oh I'll show my
skills okie dokie welcome back to the
show I noticed I have my shirt tucked in
that's cuz we're going upside down in
the upside down handstand can you open a
door challenge
who's first okay Lucas let's see it here
you go oh you're back you're back it up
to it
I see that's a good strategy you get
points for opening it and then you also
get more points if you can go through
the door we superglued it before we
started crap I forgot to tell her that
okay we're back up into the river a fair
chance
oh yeah oh go through it now
nice maybe it was stuff okay there's
Nance all right ready
it's a via so three to one attempts open
the door with your face oh well actually
get Tia to tries hair toast on the door
shows a blue belt like accessories oh oh
she got that she got an additional point
for opening it Wow stuff that's good
okay okay follow it and she gets through
it Oh use that bracelet I have to walk
Oh tags are all right
Gavin Stern ready no back it up back it
up all right
you have a boy
Oh five points
dude I don't think I can do it yes I
can't have confidence yourself shape
my old man bones it's way below where
was my foot was it up here yeah your
fool was like yeah that's not fair you
sure if you think doing handstands for
humans is hard what if we had a montage
of canines doing it wouldn't that be
great guys yeah good luck we do have
that montage rolling you see a chihuahua
head is so long he's balding immaturely
like I'm Michael Jackson where is the
eyes gonna say like moonwalk
Oh
oh yeah like saris heartbeat yeah in
imagination heaven
maybe it is maybe it does represent us
harpy because they I am hot guys dogs
can do handstands - everybody's leaving
me hanging
I'm getting a lot of people leaving me
hanging right now alright now to the
outro all right good job well listen let
us know if you guys can do that send us
a video the turn around don't break your
necks or your arms be careful your
parents permission let's submit video
send a sub video see you try to do a
same thing you'll submit up next week
alright so this is your own wish to make
your not TV and everything fish holders
new episode
okay America still our wrestling all
right
I got this junk out you guys shaycarl
here two things I need you to check out
there's gonna be an annotation right
here right here
- OH first thing I want you to check out
is the gloves that you guys submitted I
can get a challenge every week I get
this one challenge you guys have to make
a video of something like doing a hands
in on the door like that you do it we
like it we're gonna put it on the show
okay so check out Ally
also if you want to see the next episode
of champey you go check it out right now
and make your TV it's in the other link
okay check it out we'll see you guys
next to me
let's champey boom out Ron did you say
rope yeah are you doing here I thought
you doing that for the camera I couldn't
tell her let's give up yeah yeah okay
that's not like you were ripping a wet
wash rag headers like what the hell
Maria this is the Kate this is it the
editor editor this is the real action
here we go again give up blood rocky get
the freak out alright you can see it
it's Josh
run me of Zeke okay wait all right here
hey there did you miss me this episode
of shave
