I'm sorry cutting over because it does
some huh oh my goodness
look at this little crew in Bronx just
hobbling on behind Breck was so excited
to see daddy because he didn't see him
this morning before he left for school
because she had stayed up pretty much
all night and took the older kids to
school and so he missed brach anyways
brach came running home daddy daddy
and now they're they're just frolicking
together on the bike
can you frolic on a bike I don't think
you could do that but I said it so it
happened look at this little Motley Crue
where's your helmet right where's your
help I forgot to wear it I only over a
can without my helmet well I'm not gonna
tell you
you poor thing
it's really so hard for you not to be
able to keep up huh
probably so hard for you all right you
guys you have no idea what's about to
hit the Shaytards residents okay I'm
gonna be exciting thank you you're so
sweet
well that's a thumbnail for my video
that should be up by now obviously it's
gonna be up for putting them up today
and these will be um yeah just go check
it out we're having were made Christmas
album hitmen inhibited here that's what
I meant to say hey yeah I'm really
excited and I just ran after the
motorcycle and I'm like oh I brain gun
yep brain gone Kelly's been editing like
furious person and she we've got two
videos to one go up on her chalindo up
on mine push to the Christmas album you
guys check that out
pre-orders are happening now we're Holly
Bandcamp dot-com okay crafts family dot
band camp calm to preorder the album and
if you pre-order if you get an album an
actual hard copy album you will get a
bonus feature at the end yeah
have you told him what that is knows a
secret it's a secret I'm not gonna tell
you in it and what or you can see them
uh-huh it's just something from long
long ago that you might be interested in
yes Louise box words like like this
little I'm I sound like a hick a little
bit like I'm from a country town because
I am I just little alighted from the
country town um so excited crossing
rocks family doc Ben can't duck so check
that out at cross family dot band camp
calm hey listen I gotta it's Arizona
State ours is mine right now don't buy
any music created by these two losers
it's not worth your time or your money
it's like gonna straight Carl back back
get a shake girl backpack or hat
whatever flames yeah
I do not think yes it will my voice
sings classics like in the parking
garage you know that's what advertising
it really doesn't but the backpacks
really cool no joke I listen to that
first one will the kick cut this crap oh
my coat I know I'd pick him out of a
sweater don't a motorcycle ride me and
Brooke it's everywhere square on the
birch is good I'm not Kelly
you do something to me that's your music
it's great it's nice what sound weird
right
uh-huh and then it's cool because I can
hear all your different voices in it
it's like you blend so well I'm like
what you guys we as been doing this for
a long time oh yeah okay bye what that
way you're coming in here Tommy isn't
here oh sure you let's even present
tonight no to be here you what Shay Carl
sorry Candace surprise ruin all right
over here
I Yeah right through inner excited I did
ruin a surprise I asked her when her
birthday was shoot can't swear to be
here okay dawn I didn't ruin it you
showed it to her no I said I said we
have a birthday present for you what is
okay it's not ruined
but we didn't tell her what it is no I I
figure she knows even better now she can
just let it be dying of anticipation all
right I didn't know our cannon is shoot
please buy the album hahahahaha please
links below buy it right now it's the
best Christmas album I've ever heard I'm
gonna buy ten of them and give him out
to my friend only ten hundred candles
get 10 G's I dig them in the dog house
by the hour links below okay I've got my
tiny chef in the kitchen with me he has
like my ratatouille he sits in my hat
tease my tiny chef and he teaches me how
to make things because he loves to help
cook we're making pesto pasta tonight
because it's fast and it's easy and it
will feed a lot of people and
you've got Gronk see here this is a
chillin wherever he feels that all wrong
with him we rub his leg he tries to hop
around the other dogs were running
around he's like he'll become a guy I
was really trying to chase you on the
motorcycle it go so bad so sad just
wreck watch Cole that's new video it's
so good
cow made she made it awesome I take no
credit whatsoever but it's made me
crying multiple times so maybe it'll
make you cry go watch it and cry like a
baby stop crying a baby
be you next the biggest plane oh did we
get them so don't twist that no big even
Jim yeah he he's he kissed me and it was
so cute what is the light it's pretty
close I'm under the light pretty light
I don't like to see you so hungover
Hitler and buckler just playing watch -
so you did I'm not going to show you and
well nothing is good I am just looking
in the mirror okay so let's go play with
that dude and are watching Lexie for
three days come on I'm gonna go over
here so we're just playing video here
this video let's mess up with you i'm
size cuts out I'm heading over cuz it up
drama without here's okay okay
by Heisley and Barker just playing
school line I'm just wondering different
coloring covering up it's bigger because
I don't want to cover up speaker I'm
just trying to account for the winter no
I want to show you this picture of me
it's really cute probably is who is that
me I'm cute okay
you and Brock are displayed school and I
know you have for a little bit I didn't
do something I'm sorry okay I'm going to
show you how we play score look how good
it brought to the half anything didn't
some Tonya did it half good I guess my
skipper she did it really really good
and I think we're gonna do another test
I like the B sound just something and
I'm gonna read a little chapter book
Joseph read chapter books a little bit
okay so we are canoeing this horse
chapter book sorry called skipper okay
where was I chapter 2
she looked on her side look to look
until she's out it she was so happy she
anytime
just really try to meet but trying to
read some doors at least we were
sleeping after fighting words I can read
you sorry I'm trying write some words oh
okay
thanks for watching I am excited lo
would say hi ahead everybody hi
everybody my name is Logan
I'm Shays brother younger brother and
back to shape
alright this off
come on come on yeah do you get up
watermelon socks no I'm good packaging I
love seeing my logo that's so cool guys
you're good yes you like those I like a
lot well those watermelon yeah look
watermelon socks
yeah these are for you yeah II trust you
look at those nice I like the famous
very nice that is known as by some
fellow here you witless I like these
yellow oh yeah even watermelon do these
yellow ones that's cool I like that I
colors you like those those are what the
watermelon one oh my lovely ones I love
no I want them dad you on a pair too at
home photos
are those are the shaycarl socks dinner
time we're having pasta what it why are
you such a violent child
what's with the stabbing and the
punching all the time why you get a
savage punch it's funny
Emmy lupus Lexie uh I kind of got in
trouble you're not getting the birthday
present this year I just wanted to tell
you there's no presence or anything
we're actually not gonna see even
celebrate your birthday this year
oh just ow oh happy birthday
you get Daxton are you gonna wrap them
up do we wrap them up yet we wrap up
accidents how you teach him not to be
teenage pregnant oh yeah here take the
babies don't get pregnant or you have to
have one of these let me see what are
you in there that looks delicious also
five I want to eat three of those plates
you're a good maker of delicious plates
oh whoops there's mine right there
uh-huh thank you not for you Sally
this is for daddy hey did you guys know
that my wife is an amazing singer you
didn't listen to this what child is this
who laid to rest on man
every slap asleep me angels
sweet while chef
which are
and that is just one of the 11 Christmas
tracks that you'll get on the brand-new
Christmas family album you click on that
feelin lucky button go check out
collette's brand new video because
finally it has happened that sisters
have come together and made a Christmas
album and it is good so go check out the
link below go check out collette's new
video if you want to support the family
then go ahead and download the Christmas
album because I promise you won't regret
it's really awesome
let me guys check out yesterday's ball
click on the I feel lucky button see
which it does do a 5 4 3 2 1 oh damn
years ago today see you guys on Monday
it's the weekend
