no spider-man maneuvers are allowed
nailed it thanks Canada like that guy
yeah yeah we're late we're late and
we're hustling in high heels you're
hustling in high heels
all right we're going are you ready yeah
Charles it's time unbelievably excited
as he is really looking handsome I am so
excited handsome as ever
hey and yesterday's vlog we were talking
about this really great article done in
the buffer fest magazine whoop today's
use in the background that's Janine she
is the writer of this um is there an
online place I can go read it um I don't
think so but I'll try maybe you should
like put it on a blog of yours or
something and tweet it and all I get is
something like that what we need a
screencap no no tell everyone
put it on there tell everyone to pause
the video or we could do it like this
okay everyone positive on the count of
three pause that's not gonna work
there's a glare
anyways no she's gonna put it somewhere
on the internet on her Twitter and then
I'll go retweet it we did this I was on
the phone in the airport right before I
was jumping on my flight how long do we
talk for like 10 minutes and I was
actually in class doing a test and I was
like I have to Wow interview because
it's articles what she oh yeah like
she's calling you she's calling you pick
up thank you yeah I was like I was
jumping on a plane and it worked out I'm
doing journalism student so oh yeah I
think the teacher should understand it
extra credit for Janine who's your
teacher I'm Matthew Brady yeah you heard
it give her give her an A+ some great
content right here
give her a degree too just let her skip
to the beginning ever the end
that's perjury dad what do you all have
in wha viewers to take away hey nailed
it it was the camera that was in his
pocket yeah you talked about pockets and
cameras I'm like I got some of those hey
guys yeah dude I want to lose it
thanks Canada look that guy YouTube
brand October 26th love you thanks
everybody on stage Mike Falzone corrado
love you guys oh look she has a blog you
made her a shirt you got one to hold it
up hold it up YouTube red oh she's dance
he's vlogging we're just hanging out
she's vlogging just chatting about life
in YouTube we just got done watching the
vlog you memory screening it was so
awesome
now retains himself see super very first
time having Canadian money you can't
tear right try it it's classic
careful the Canadian police are gonna
come arrest raelia money huh I think you
should start with a can Charles tear
your own money bro get out here with
tearing our money bro wait every turn
our money over here calm Canadian royal
airforce Charles Trippy trying to tear
up all the Canadian money I'm pretty
sure I know it's trillion ok ok ok here
we are we are in Toronto Canada you guys
my sister is revealing the gender of her
baby and India they're maybe had just
texted us and said do you want me to
tell you because she knows she's there
respond you say he said yes I miss you
now the other case you missed them too
okay so we are waiting for it oh she's
looking at the text right now you guys
moments away we are moments away Carly
this is our live reveal to see my
battery's about to die we live to come
to it oh baby is typing
Carl here comes guys Charles is coming
Charles hurry come here we're gonna find
out what Carly's having guys you go
watch Charles's vlog look hey there you
then go there is kisses kisses free we
said meet on the bridge and he came and
we were vlogging at the same time you
see DC yeah it's a boy Cooper's gonna
have a brother
really Carly's having a boy really yep
that's awesome how do they reveal it I
don't know I a pinata so it's a pinata
so good you can throw the boy is sitting
in the chair a little boy little boy
that's a boy Oh Carly congratulations
Carly I love you so much Ali I
congratulate so much and Shay you got to
fix his lens thank you
she's having a boy love you register
really bad Jackson I guess you have to
he did help you everybody knows the
dudes do most of the work
wait anyways congratulations brother and
sister Carly and Jackson we love you
you're having a baby boy cool I'm happy
I get to be in this moment right now
cool I get to share it with your part of
it I like those classes all right we're
going to dinner we're gonna go meet Cory
by Dell and the apprentice a-team big
things so funny I just ran from where
you were that oh you did well then take
us there let's go we're going to eat
guys come on the swearing call me here
we are
or in Toronto at a delicious dinner Cory
where we are medallions of Brooks DeLuca
hippocampal rat there there they are
there's brought oh there's Charles shown
this there's no nothing's beautiful up
Tim yeah look at his hair here we are we
are at your buffer fest in Toronto
Canada 2016 very professional there's
Michael Arantes going fight it down
there's Louie
there he is right there come on file
through spit down uh sure mouse nice
Pierre my friend I like that really
hi guys all right you're famous you're
in the video you're in the vlog
hi guys guys I'm in the video too what's
going on everybody we're a buffer fest
Cory's chit-chatting with everybody
we've had a great screening love you
guys hey thank you for watching our
videos so good to meet you this she
watches our videos I'm ready here
thanks for buying our shirt and
everything look she got the book Gavin
she's supporting the book yeah mom
stoled your autograph opportunity Gavin
anyways love you guys you're in the vlog
we're on YouTube somebody in the back hi
amber just sneaking around it's been a
lot of a wonderful joy there it is thank
you
even design life not yet
I'm vlogging first I've vlogged then
sign hi guys
fancy tricks and sweater there's a
tricks in hat over here to where to go
hey come back here with your tricks and
hat young lady hey y'all come here and
show me your tricks yet thanks for
coming anyways you're in the bog okay
okay okay if I cash out on my Instagram
yeah what's your Instagram plix our
official l.a.x our official ajikko
follow me check it out follow oh okay
mmm
we're back at the I was gonna say
apartment we're at a hotel anyways we're
gonna go out to dinner babe oh yeah
your thoughts ease put your socks ease
booties on your feet laughs ease get
your booties and wrap around your
taozi's grab the booties around your
taozi's and life supply sees right oh
yeah look you guys we came for a few
days
just a couple days look at this lineup
okay heels we got we got fitness shoes
you got loafers we got ID we're all
those are coffee shop shoes what are
those I don't know have you wear those
to music then have you worn those
already
Oh lots to do lots to do lots of shoe
store lots of shoes to wear we got we
have a stringent schedule tell me where
we're going we're going to CN tower to
the restaurant I've never been up there
tip toe tip toe to a restaurant up there
anybody or ever ever ever up there let's
go up there okay ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls people of all ages
welcome to the CN Tower in Toronto
Canada featuring
this is in the parking garage acoustics
in the parking roads I'm wearing a
twenty one pilots shirts I'm awesome and
I know good music hey losers bye see ya
hey look we found a random green screen
oh we should get a light look there's a
light box turn that on you do it no what
do you get yeah I just hear I went out
walking here on the green screen
vlogging so we could get you blogging
like we oh that's true in any setting
okay you're right hey guys I'm vlogging
he's logging here we're seeing in your
country in your room that's weird don't
do that what's up with you psycho
stalker fan geez get out of here sorry
about that
here we go 88 miles per hour straight up
babe you guys there it is Toronto Canada
you guys want to be in our YouTube
videos okay look we met these fine
ladies
I said assalamualaikum remember and she
said waalaikumsalam which means peace be
on to you please have peace we're so I'm
scared like shooting up an elevation
it's scary
hey guys shaycarl here just met these
ladies I already got him laughing I
picture those subscribe to me fine this
is like the fanciest restaurant in
Toronto I need to shut my mouth
okay okay okay here we are delicious
dinner movie we are we are slowly
rotating look you guys I'm getting a
time-lapse you know how it is trying to
up that production value on the vlog
trying to be like a scene our style we
are slowly rotating over Toronto Canada
and I'm having a good time are you
having a good time when you sit down you
kind of lose your bearings a little bit
you're like go get dizzy I think I've
gotten my I know I feel very comfortable
yes thank you doesn't say the only thing
left is I am starving I'm over the
dizziness and I want some food I want
multiple appetizers in my face
immediately
okay okay you guys so if you don't know
where we are at we are at the very top
of the CN tower which I don't know where
it's it's as far as like tallness as far
as like the stratosphere what's in
Seattle what's that tower and yeah it's
a big tower it may be the tallest tower
in the world I don't know but the
time-lapsed is not the buildings justice
if you just watched the time-lapse
you're like oh that's a great city with
lights on but this is a huge downtown
the reason it just looks like lights is
because this tower is so high that it
just wharfs every building next to it
there's huge buildings down there and
we're so high above them it's like it
can't even get a perspective anyways
Toronto we got a great city Canada
fireproof all right you guys food looks
amazing I had to show you this is my
tomato salad and I love tomatoes look
how colorful and pretty is delightful
laughing I've eaten maybe too much look
at the plates that we destroy so I had
the prime rib I had the steak and
lobster I mean I guess you could say we
are kind of horse we are carnivores
and we are also dessert ofourse
definitely are we dessert of wars this
is your boys verse Bank on Wars
yeah of course actually probably out of
urban warfare
we had a delicious dinner here on top of
the CN Tower I think we've been staring
at each other too much to really
appreciate the view is that true yeah
nuts true love that's true love and then
I also destroyed the steak and lobster
anyways delicious dinner on top of the
CN tower let's go hang out with uh Jenna
and Julian you want to let's do it look
go to lush freakin the rest of the diet
coke
there's not even diet it was actually
regular straight up with this via
Toronto Canada there it is the real CN
tower here dr. P where you going yeah
you're like 3,000 feet up lean on that
and don't be scared
don't let your bus shake stop shaking
your bun and lean on the hyphy ma'am
I want to be this guy you are not
supposed to do any spider-man type
maneuvers just so you know on the top of
the CN tower
no spider-man maneuvers are allowed dang
it right now let me get in here out of
the wind it's freezing but we are I
don't even know how high the CN Tower is
we're at the top of the world the wind
is blowing my lieutenants is written it
would be crazy to be up here odds going
think about career here in the winter
anyway we're trying to fight with but we
see the entire city of Toronto Canada we
love your city Canada there it is it's
freezing up here it's exciting the wind
that just busts through here floors it
on the next day it's well it's over here
but we just kind of walk around let's
run we cannot yet we did okay let's go
look at the glass floor I think let's do
it alright there it is that scare you
lay on me face down
i double-dog dare you
that's scary
by the way there's a lot of people here
guys sorry it's my wife grab the drinkin
bag ok good ready for this all right
there it is
way way way down there below is the
Roger Center her my shoes it's far down
there
very scary okay Amen sister that's a
long ways down what are you here so
scared
that is the CN tower we are on top of
this giant bendy
anyways if you're in Canada and you know
what the CN Tower is we are laying on
the very top of it that's right there's
no way no way making a fan at your for
this one well the air blowing up and it
would make it fun is it ray
is it snowing even in that movie is it
for me anyways it's snowing hey blowing
okay good night love you guys tonight
slam the door slam it slam it on us do
it Jenna
love you we're here with Jenna and
Julian yes what a nice salty Pierce Amen
sister that's what they are
yes yes mom
