okay Rock chart is so excited about his
costumes yeah happy Halloween
it's crazy hair day at school and oh my
god put it in lose yeah oh that's cool
it's like a bun Mohawk free you and then
these guys on a color in their hair so
we got stripes and sparkles and blue I
love gallons it looks like a gel so
awesome so I'm so excited Bowen crazy
socks day so she's got to shake our
socks on a pink and a green one guys got
cute socks cute so I could I'm trying to
chill all right here our day begins 6
a.m. let's go all right good morning we
start today off on a ferry by the window
the Javits Center to get our tickets or
our bid numbers for the marathon hey BAE
happy Halloween BAE oh that's scary
monster yes what are you he's Bane from
Batman duh what is it
Otis oh it's that guy duh oh I'm an
idiot
haha now I know you're talking about mom
dad guys like in New York yeah much
we're having a good time we got there oh
yeah I want to go out here on the front
of the boat we're out on the water
whoa I wish I had an apartment right
there that would be sweet look this
overlooks the city there's the Empire
State Building and going to Manhattan
this is fun this is gorgeous and we're
jumping through oh come on ma
it's bouncing up and down this is sweet
okay Rock chart is so excited about his
costumes yeah let me see let me see show
me your arms turn girl like this no like
stick them out like this oh my gosh look
you're so cute I like it you are totally
tough look at wait show me em show me
your muscles and then you can go fix my
house oh my gosh look at these muscles
and he's got all sorts of tools you got
lots of tools wait you're losing one
there you go okay careful oh my gosh I
love it okay what else you gonna go fix
why don't you go fix your shoes key go
fix your shoes can you go put your shoes
on
dick okay go fix the deck better dude
the Scarecrow this is fabulous
you're fabulous all right so we're
getting our marathon packets and it's a
huge line there's 50,000 people running
the New York City Marathon and we're
gonna be right in the thick of it I
heard that at the very first because we
have to run across a bridge that
everybody has to pee and so it's smart
to run on the middle of the bridge
because everybody's peeing off the
bridge and you get a lot of pee in your
face and that's one thing I don't like
is peeing my face guys like anybody like
pee in their face no you don't like pee
in your face man they tell us and pull
this at that we should run in the middle
of the bridge
cuz everybody pees off the side of the
ridge so run in the middle that's a good
tip yeah might be a nice and miss says
you're up it's like acceptable for one
day to pee off yeah well we're gonna
have 50,000 porta-potties but it could
be wrong and I might cry I gonna cry
right now it's just gonna picture guys
little ooh that mom is alive all right
so we're here to pick up our pockets in
the Javits Center and it is huge in here
look at this place it is packed this
place is right this is awesome I'm
excited this is so much fun
get your New York on we will oh yes
agree we will all right officially in
the New York City Marathon number three
three nine four three where can they go
to like watch the thing on the app
there's an out-of-tune app it's right
here you guys can like watch our
progress if you care if you want to you
can like see every mile
as we you know run the race that will
show you where we're at during the race
if you're going to be here you can stalk
us literally you'll know exactly where I
am that's weird never mind Carly's
getting her number because I fell right
up okay oh honey
you ports being come here honey come
here
no don't jump don't jump don't jump oh
gosh have you got that be bad don't do
that I'm sorry you have to wear a cone
the cone of shame
Oh oh I love you - I love you - I love
you too you sillies well we just got
back from the kids as Halloween parties
at school and let me tell you they
definitely need more sugar tonight
yeah oh my goodness well uh that's why
always about right free candy free sugar
here we go anyways so that's the one now
we're going to have a trunk retreat and
we really wish dad were like ya punks
don't even think about it look at him
because it's not our fault
Kelly's thinking about it don't think
about it without any further ado one of
the pillars of modern distance running
Kathryn Switzer
thank you everybody wants to hear the
Boston Marathon story okay the Boston
Marathon story everybody remembers the
old official in 1967 who tried to throw
the girl off course because she was a
female and he was furious at me because
I was wearing a big number I had
officially registered for the race how
had I done that I had proved to my coach
in practice that I could run the
marathon distance he didn't believe a
woman could do it we ran 31 miles
together one day and he passed out at
the end of the workout whoo-hoo and he
came to is that women have hidden
potential in it to consume stamina and
we discovered the most amazing thing
that the longer I ran the better I got
they awarded me my number how did I get
my number because my coach entered the
team and put all the numbers they put
all the numbers on the envelope together
my coach picked up the packet brought it
out to the car we pinned on our numbers
and we started warming up why didn't
they see I was a girl immediately all
the guys saw that I was a girl
immediately you guys aren't stupid right
and also because it was snowing and
sleeting that day in Boston and we were
all wearing baggy gray sweat suits so
from a distance all the officials who
couldn't tell us apart so they put us in
the starting lineup together fire the
starting gun down the road we went and
two miles into the race the press truck
came by and saw a girl wearing numbers
in the Boston Marathon began taking
picture
and at the same time the race director
was on the press truck he lost his
temper because he thought I was making a
mockery of him in the race he jumped off
the press truck attacked me
and tried to pull me out of the race and
rip off my bib number he did this in
front of the press truck so this
incident was flashed around the world
now here is the big guys story here's
the big guys story the big guys stories
that my boyfriend was running with me
also had happened to be a 235 pound ex
all-american football player and he
threw a crossbody block into the
official incent him out of the race
instead and I went on to finish ok so
that that isn't nothing short the story
of the Boston Marathon whoo but here's
the serious part of this story and we
all have moments in our lives that
change our lives all right that was a
moment that changed my life by then I
was just 20 and I was running the Boston
Marathon because I wanted to run and
suddenly somebody told me I couldn't
attack me for doing so made me
embarrassed humiliated but also inspired
because I knew then and I had to finish
the race on behalf of all the women in
the world because nobody would believe a
woman could do it if I quit so I
finished that race it took me 4 hours
and 20 minutes and when I finished the
race I was so inspired to create
opportunities for other women I tell the
story because the worst things in your
life can become the best things in your
that race inspired me to first become a
better athlete I trained my brains out
after that lowered my time from 420 to
251 and won in 1974 New York City
Marathon and yesterday I was thank you
and yesterday I was inducted into the
Hall of Fame here so that was really
really really marvelous thank you see
girls you can do anything don't ever let
anybody tell you that you can't do
something too sure a girl that's
pathetic that's lame that's stupid that
girl that lady was awesome girls you can
do anything you put your mind to even
run marathons how babies what you have a
baby while you're running a marathon
that would be admitting running a
marathon be tough look at Oh New York
Street ketchup ketchup that's yellow
food it's New York hotdog thank you okay
we're getting ready for the
trunk-or-treat the other girls went up
to Kelly's house to get their hair done
they're both zombie cheerleaders Braley
and havea Emmy I'm getting her ready and
she's like mom will you please go set
the dress out on my bed and write me a
note like oh she wants me to do
something sweet her and I didn't think
to already do it so this is her dress we
ready so pretty okay I wish they had one
in my size I want to wear the dress it
was her little note I tried to write
without cursive so that she could read
it herself but sometimes it's funny
because when my kids are learning how to
read and they try to read my writing
it's like mom that's not an R or that's
not a see that's an E like it's just
kind of sloppy so hopefully she can read
herself I'm excited it's gonna be fun
what are they doing over here like us
trying to feed our chicken you fought
you feed that chicken call we owe you
feed a chicken - hey Scout him
grandma thinks it's funny grandma always
thinks I'm fun oh they're coming back
dead chicken you try to get him beat out
of your hand he doesn't trust us now oh
look you got a grandpa eating out of
your hand
oh yeah that's nature hey I'm flawed in
here oh you guys like it Hey Oh banana
here Gavin pick that all there so Gavin
a banana with a mustache and I decided
since Shea can't be with us this year
I'll just be him and we do have but he
was sleeping let's go all right
oh yeah so I gotcha Brock scold and pick
him up and he was outside playing on the
playground and he goes yeah yeah like
you can see he was like for a second he
thought che was home and then he
realized it was man you're losing the
mustache already if it's so funny though
no one just hurts my nose I'm not giving
up on my facial hair your facial hair
was look Ike and as I love it
voluntary yeah you and Sadie look
amazing I finally made him wear his
costume he's not really happy but he is
normal hello dragon
don't talk anymore bitch and in the
cutest little Alex he doesn't even care
you guys even care oh he's so cute
okay what do you say hey say
trick-or-treat and then say thank you
there you go you got already learn it
every year until they're five check it
out look at the Empire State Building
are they getting ready for Christmas
it's red and green why is the Empire
State Building red and green that's a
giant it's a what is it what's it called
at Christmas tree Christmas tree Oh
buddy you love it don't you
the first time over here hey check the
tree they trick or treat
did you say thank you thank you
who's that Oh Oh Gary Gary oh did you
get a candy from them you're so brave
high five good job getting braver are so
many happy ah
mmm-hmm he likes Turkey the older kids
went with uncle Brett because they were
going away too fast and we're going too
slow so we're not with the older kids
anymore
all right now we're in the gymnasium
it's like geriatric ward for working out
I mean look at all these old decision
trace of knee replacement participants
yes grandma have you had a knee
replacement oh you both have let's have
a reality of a race okay she has the
best knee replacement daga almost
kicking her but I just got her she's got
a mrs. Santa Claus suit on know what you
are for Halloween this is a friend of
mine she cannot reach this mom get your
butt in here and get on here yeah get in
here that's Michael Castro her in the
pool oh my goodness
looks like Halloween was a success are
you ready to go hey mom attack sorry I
don't even want to eat any candy good
happy Halloween you guys they had a
blast we had a blast hope you guys had a
blast and a safe Halloween honey we miss
you very much
daddy Oh mommy look there's his new head
of stickers it's like an almond ooh
oh thank you ha ha ha ha happy Halloween
- are you gurus in goblins out I'm ha ha
ha thanks for watching everybody I
missed the wife and kids but you know I
got a run the marathon which I did
yesterday and it was glorious I had the
best time New York you put on a great
marathon and there were thousands and
thousands of people along the entire
course I don't think there was other
than the bridges there wasn't like one
stretch of the New York City Marathon
that there wasn't a thousand screaming
fans on both sides of the road
plus you guys have the best signs
definitely hilarious signs when I was
running the marathon love you guys hope
you had a happy and safe Halloween we
love you and we appreciate your watching
our videos click on yesterday's video
fill that out to lucky button click on
and what do they were years sounds like
hey let me take them back
