hmm sweet we got a brand-new hydraulic
lift installed welcome to SH AFV welcome
back to the show that gives me an excuse
to watch funny hilarious Internet videos
all while hanging out and doing crazy
things with my kids here they all right
now all right you guys ready for the
today's challenge yes we're gonna watch
a video right now that's gonna give us a
little activity to do together
where does some face painting now I know
what you're thinking Oh cute they're
gonna paint their faces nope we're gonna
paint with our faces okay so here's what
we have to do first we have to watch
this hilarious internet video with this
cute little girl let's paint all over
face it's hilarious game watches watched
right now oh that's great that's even
better than finger painting isn't it
face painting and then we're gonna have
a contest you guys need to decide what
do you want to draw a cat a dog a tree
we need to all decide on one item then
we have a contest you so you can draw
the best of that item with our faces
all right out to the painting arena
let's go all right so we're getting
ready to set up with the paint
I'm excited actually I have a vision I
didn't know what I was gonna do but then
all sudden that glorious vision came to
her mind and now I have an idea I have a
design anyways you'll say oh look
usually it looks jiggling yeah yeah go
away I got a pillow Old Men
I need pillows all righty then welcome
to face painting jfv style we're not
paying her faces we're painting with our
faces okay you ready for this are you
going excited this is exciting I'm a
good parent letting my kids paint their
faces
you ready don't get paint on the pillow
dude mom will come home and we will be
in trouble big time okay so you're all
gonna draw our own design whenever we
don't want that stifle creativity here
at Chez of me we're all about being
creative at home children so ever reason
do whatever they want whenever they
think of it imagine then you guys can
vote in the comments of which painting
you like the best you guys ready yeah
any questions you're a good beer that's
why I'm right here ready to paint
because I have a better brush than all
of you guys if you know what I'm saying
okey-dokey guys ready all right paint
away
the Chinese
okay
swimming in it
alright I'm mid painting the beard brush
is filling and looking fantastic light
in the Battlement anyone
okay times all right no times up times
up get your face out look at me
she's just swimming in it all right
let's see everybody's painting okay
don't get on my paint
you're cheating office I'm it all right
let's watch some babies in water
Oh Tess a little baby did it okay
does my beard fluff packing party guys
those are good diapers light let's do
that yeah I want to do that one no no
that looks awesome then feel free you'd
have to get adult sized diapers boy call
my butt fat you know what's happening it
seems like a normal family gathering
water balloon Oh
well I was lucky crazy when that kid
looks like yeah dude that that's a big
water bar oh okay oh my gosh yeah hit it
I did it Leaning Tower of Pisa off oh oh
that's cold water on the bag it's bigger
water on the back it's time to take a
shower
let's go guys alright thanks you guys
for watching che FV what do you think
whose painting do you like the best
comment below on creativity and style
also I watched a lot of your guys's
clips that you submitted last week if
you want to watch the video check it out
right here also if you want to see your
next week's episode a week early you can
watch right here on maker TV see you
next time
