good morning look at this crew all
headed to the airport
bright and early it's 6:00 a.m.
here we go grandma you have to touch the
outside of the airplane so we'll make
sure make sure we have a safe flight
good grandma I'm going to touch it with
my cold sore leg
I'll just forgive me right now for this
giant Scout when I'm on my left and you
still love me heartless day location
okay I wouldn't do that
dad behave over there
see buggit mom the whole time
Kerli take your hat off and smile at me
Carly's got her Wicked Witch of the West
hat on Wow Carly look at me and give me
a bad look Superman comply over here
come pie overseer oh I can't talk I'm
tired look at you so tell them why
you're wearing this because at school
we're doing this week like be drug-free
and mother self day on a table and one
day was yet to wear red Tuesday was
wearing yeah America's colors Wednesday
was sports Jersey and today is pajama
day they thought it'd be fun even more
than sickness box it is funny I love it
high fives for being awesome let's see
what the girls are wearing oh I'm tired
in the morning I just shuffle around the
house like this Oh cute that's so cute I
love you guys what are you gonna wear
you what did you always are you gonna
read it yes baby I'm too cool to wear
pajamas mom all right here we are in the
City of Brotherly Love
I've had two dudes just walk up and hug
me for no random reason I guess that's
where they get the same anyways we are
about to head to New York City which i
think is only like a 50 minute to an
hour flight very quick and then we will
be in the Big Apple
and I'm gonna sleep for 48 hours and
tell the race so I want my body to be
fully rested and recuperated
good evening welcome aboard from all of
us at USO is an American Airlines thank
you for flying with us today you can
also earn mileage with our hotel and car
rental partners due to the length of
this flight we will be offering orange
juice or water only once juice or water
only and because we are cruising below
10,000 feet
right it is time to make sure we have
all our Halloween costumes in order
Gavin what are you going to be you don't
know yet
let's go up we'll find what we can find
alright guys sometimes as a parent I
feel like I'm doing a good job at
teaching my children things sometimes I
don't do such a great job for instance a
few weeks ago you guys remember in the
vlogs when we talked to Emma about
stopping sucking her thumb and how the
Elsa dress was going to be a reward for
that well in the process of moving and
all that stuff I failed at putting the
stuff on her thumbs so she didn't even
get the opportunity to try with that and
so I feel like it's kind of my fault
because I she actually asked she's like
mom mom example more stuff on mat down
so I'm like oh shoot I can't find the
band-aid I have to go find some stuff to
wrap on your thumbs and so it never got
done and it's my fault and I feel really
bad so I'm thinking I'm certainly not
her be Elsa for Halloween because that
was the plan is by how I think she would
have her Elsa dress and not stuck with
him anymore
so I am a failure as a parent but I'm
going to let her wear her else dress and
I'm going to figure out another way to
reward her for stopping I'm giving this
for crazy hair day tomorrow
hey do you want to wear your Elsa dress
do you remember how you were going to
stop sucking your thumb and then get
your little we didn't do that did we but
I don't want to punish you and make you
not be able to wear your Elsa dress for
Halloween so I'm going to let you okay
look at me
we're going to have to figure out
another way to reward you for not
sucking your thumb okay yes we're going
to be four from every house I'll kid you
from every house that's it then you have
to wait for 14 days unless you can stop
sucking your thumb right now can you do
that
no we'll work on it
textin
ah honey that's me Gina
you just totally gave me that look like
you I hate you
zombie cheerleader all right we all got
our own money wasted it is Pokemon cars
money she gave you mone mone mom got
this much my cheery mouthing you're a
zombie true leader oh yeah here's Rick
Joseph or crazy animal he's eyeshadow
and then we got this white new post in
his black nail polish
yep has he pretty um we're gonna put the
black nail polish on and then the white
one as in I can ex cresting yes she has
a whole idea this motif for zombie
cheerleader she's going with and you
guys are gonna love Gavin's costume I
can't wait
it's a surprise but he came up with it
on his own
I love it all right we just landed in
New York City what you see Cooper I
found Empire State building off of what
ever I say what else did you see I saw
such a little statue of who Liberty
awesome do you know why you delayed why
how's that wine Obama always getting in
our way
all right we're in New York City landed
in LaGuardia with the whole crew know is
gonna do that
my own work our walk the red carpet walk
the red carpet you're in New York now
you're in the Big Apple gotta walk the
red carpet follow the yellow brick road
follow the yellow brick road follow the
yellow brick road hey Bobby haha
oh no photos or videos
I don't was supposed to sing right after
this oh thank you you want to ride my
gonna let him swarm he's let him swarm
yeah like zombies one race I like her
tires why
we're in New York City now we're on our
way to the Airbnb it's like there's like
a red-carpet event going on up here
you may see any celebrities look
rad pad I love you it's time for a
little culture in our lives we are
headed to a play that a local high
school is putting on it's a Halloween
play I don't really know what to expect
but wait wait wait wait don't cross the
street at Central High School my huge
but anyways so we are going to this play
and I'm excited the kids have you guys
ever been to a play since Roger art has
it but he's excited I know we little
culture in our lives
so what did you guys think of the play
good I like did it make you want to do
singing and dancing yes yeah it was good
I think they did a good job and now
tomorrow is Halloween and we're getting
ready to rock and roll I cannot wait for
you guys to see my costume I really
really really I know it is really cute I
really really wanted to be Maleficent
that was like my top thing on my list
but then I had a different idea when I
got to the store so I just can't wait
for guys to see ya yeah all right little
man it's time to go to sleep without
Howie party excited whoops I broke your
sword sorry dude oh he's excited and
these guys all have Halloween party it's
gonna be one big shindig all right we
love you honey I miss you so much the
kids miss you like crazy
Brock especially has been asking for you
all day and Zeke of course but we miss
you and we hope you have a great
Halloween yes siree Bob we are here in
New York City I am so nervous yet /ie
excited to run this marathon we just
went picked up our marathon bibs and
packets 50,000 people are running the
New York City Marathon I cannot wait and
I heard it televised you guys watch for
me what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna chase
down all the Kenyans and I'm gonna be in
first place for the first like 5 miles
and maybe I'll be on TV even if I die
after 5 miles just one of you on TV on
the TV all right thanks for watching we
appreciate it we'll see you guys on
Monday a little heads up there are some
watermelon shaycarl socks available
right now if you want to get some of
those to keep your feet warm in the
winter all right love you guys happy
Halloween and I hope you have a safe and
fun evening I will see you on Monday
