hi login here oh are you my little
dinosaur shopping buddy oh he's a best
dinosaur shopping buddies are the best
jacket ever I don't know it gets sitting
cuter than less does it no it doesn't
all right we're just gonna pick up some
few things for dinner Shea leaves to go
to New York and I'm sad and then Dan is
gonna leave too so we're gonna have
pistol Posten rings all right so today
is Dana's last day and she bought the
kids presents that's nice what you get
an iTunes gift card album did you open
it
no that's a new one yeah what do you
think what do you think a nice bracelets
those Jersey day you guys all were your
jerseys Oh debit pajama day yeah I used
to wear that that's funny here's Danny's
recording studio looks good you get a
song recorded we have to have to come
back in November and film it what do you
guys tell Danna Zeke wants his present
now - Oh giant big dog huh let me hear
this song the only right oh this is your
butt off the bed the come here all right
you guys can't hear the song yet but I
get to hear it right now yo okay it's
time for gymnastics do it again
there you go haha good job Annie
yeah we're practicing roundoff good what
that's okay good job honey
I love watching them do this this is
kind of thing that is just fun okay
let's see if we can see what
Amyas class is doing something secret in
here with new paint you don't really
know I don't think I can see okay I
think they're doing face painting for
something I don't think I'm allowed to
know I'm not going to film this is how
they learn okay you have enough I love
you Louie's feet hungry dis feet I'm
going to be right here
we'll just be like a pasta or bread o
Yanna double little dogs oh I've just
set up a new toy I got you guys I don't
know if I should show this to you guys
actually do you guys want to see what
sleeps right next to me this what I'm
showing away - no - toy that backwards
but i ba ba ba ba ba shut up we go down
bring it down
yeah I'll help you and then give you
I'll give you facepalm buddies ma'am I
got yeah I'll go oh all right so you
guys want to see my new toy I'll give
you a hint this is what goes in it I
just got it out you can program your
fingerprint oh look what that is it's a
loaded gun I can shoot people with right
next to my bed where I sleep at night
it's a safe box kids can't get in nobody
can get in it I can program it for my
thumbprint and it'll pop right open they
send you with this bracelet before your
program it you slide that over there and
all of a sudden you have a loaded
handgun right next to your bed I know
you think that's a little weird but look
how's a cell phone charger isn't that
nice you can plug your cell phone
charger right in the back of it so I can
just plug my cell phone right in there
huh that's convenient I can roll over
check my messages or shoot a coyote out
the window whatever I want to do isn't
that convenient oh but father what if
you want a smoothie I'll have to use the
blender I guess I know they should have
thought of that but they didn't wanna
wrestle you I'll wrestle you right now
I'll wrestle you right now your little
Butthead you wanna wrestle
you wanna wrestle back oh I love it you
make that wait turn around so you can
see the face oh that's cool it look like
love yard your glove
wait what us glad he's got his gloves
he might ask shake why do you need to
sleep with a gun right next to your bed
well you know when you live out in the
country you hear weird noises out there
just makes you feel good there's coyotes
everywhere out here when it's dark it's
like midnight I'll go to let Zeke out
where you going come to hang out with me
I'll go to let Zeke out and I can hear
him barking like all over and then
there's like neighbor dogs that come
over to our house and I can hear them
out there fighting coyotes so I'm like I
just want to have feel for whatever
self-protection it's good to you know
have a gun within arm's reach while
you're sleeping and it's awesome that
you can program it with your fingerprint
because then I can program it for my
fingerprint and Colette's fingerprint
because it'll program multiple
fingerprints but you don't get to
program your fingerprint into the gun
box okay only mommy and daddy
I know it's sad but you're not old
enough to shoot the gun yet I love you
well you'll learn Davy Crockett don't
worry I miss you I'm in New York I'm
gonna miss you daddy has to go to New
York today tonight we're going to Salt
Lake how was school today buddy come on
good do anything fun
what'd you do I don't know
did you lots of things huh I think the
camera is really close to her face punch
you in the face punch you in the face
Hey why because I punch you in the face
punchy punchy twenty point two point two
twenty twenty twenty punchy I love you
okay excited for Halloween are you
excited for your dad to run the marathon
yeah Shh oh goodness
go dad in your ears I'm excited but I'm
sad how's he gonna be gone now I could
have gone with them but guys five kids
in New York isn't is it's it's yes it is
what it is and I didn't want the kids to
miss school and Halloween here and all
that stuff so we're not going I hope
that that's okay with you guys I just
don't really matter because we're not
going but I really hope that Shea does a
great job it's gonna be cool running in
New York I think I mean literally it'll
be cool
thankful I was just reading comments
Gavin on yesterday's vlog and something
dawned on me that didn't dawn on me
yesterday so yesterday when I asked you
about Zeke what did you think I meant
did I love and that is eat love me
right what I meant is do you why
hey I'm trying to have a conversation
with my other son here what are you
whining about oh geez easy bro-heem
watch the genitalia area so what I meant
was do you love me more than Zeke loves
me oh okay good that's why when
yesterday when you're like probably not
I was like what I thought you meant that
league loves me more than you love me
because you're like my actual real-life
human son so you should probably left me
more than the my dog son loves me check
alright little miscommunication figured
out from the comment section thanks
random commenter thumbs up what are you
doing your homework okay you're a good
boy I'm so proud of my good boy I lay on
his bed and give him hard time while he
done his homework excuse me you read
more comment on the shattered log that's
not the place to hit your daddy can't
ring you can and you're kidding suckers
and that's what they were hiding the
baby painting their face let me see it
what was your face um I love it let me
see your face
sigh too much I like that Spidey girl
are you blogging I shall Michelle only
shown your bad mama Seto I don't know
where I hit fire a few times
you're Tom okay
we're going to see the back-handspring
that she learned today oh my goodness it
is so pretty out here
whoa nobody get on okay let's see it
oh that was good I was good strong arms
strong arms oh that's good though I mean
it's better than you've done it before I
mean I've never seen you do it by
yourself before that's awesome good job
honey
high five Oh Americana of the West enjoy
moments like these quiet moments tractor
moments dude looking at the sky
appreciate mother nature moments I love
it
when the sky is pink like autumn candy
mmm
I'd eat it up hey guys I'm gonna miss
you
my whole family oh we were just sitting
here talking about how these different
rocks and minerals might look at
different colors different densities my
density has brought me to but we were
just talking about how look how
different all these you know different
minerals are they're light ones there's
black ones but they've all been
compressed together and they're strong
and they're one just like our family
it's all strong compressed together even
though we're different and individual
the white parts are you guys why okay as
our bulges our lives
oh that makes sense this is richer today
or face painting well this is your real
this isn't a map in the mall Brock you
are here where's the Quiznos well daddy
going to the Big Apple I'm headed to New
York and we're just kind of saying our
good-byes through say a prayer together
when he gets tired we're gonna be on the
he needs to close his eyes don't close
your eyes you might trip
just imagine that we're on the sidelines
with our shaycarl shirts and hats and
our vows off and our coconut water yeah
imagine it and then I will imagine the
different pranks each one of you but how
together we're right here in my wrist I
love you guys I'll see you soon he's the
saddest of all I'm gonna miss you daddy
Oh what is going on here feel for me
baby of Carly suitcases how many
suitcases you bring robotics okay what
are you guys doing okay ride the
elevator up just we'll take the next one
up we're gonna - right yeah - watch out
there sorry my car I could tell this is
just gonna be the whole trip imagine
Cooper what have you gotten yourself
into given the airport - I know I never
mind let's go back tight out got the
gear Blake yeah just trying to pare it
down so don't take too too much stuff we
got the new GoPros yeah geez uh I don't
need fours you bring in those I'd say
just bring that one dude just this you
don't think I should even bring I mean
how many lenses you're gonna need to put
in there um I was gonna bring them all I
only got three three lenses might be
good to have if you can fit them all in
there we're trying not to bring so much
camera equipment to New York we want to
just try to be able to fit it into one
bag so you remember you guys if you're
gonna be along the route of the New York
City Marathon we want you to film it for
us because Blake is only one man and
there's many more of you we want to use
your footage if you guys in here I want
if you are in New York City and you have
a nice HD camera the nicer the better
obviously we want you to get shots of us
running through the race and then we're
going to use those we'll have them send
it to us Blake's gonna make an email
to make an email and you guys can send
it to us and we will cut all those all
that footage together for a really cool
running video for the New York City
Marathon okay you down get a camera okay
we'll see you down there on Sunday yeah
Beauty shots work to anything b-roll
scenery all that kind of stuff but we'll
make an email account and we'll put it
in the description so show us what you
can do get creative I'm excited I'm
excited to work with some of you on a
YouTube video we're collaborating that's
the name of the game all right we gotta
go to bed because we have to be up at
6:00 a.m. to get on an airplane to go to
New York today but I'm gonna try to edit
tonight's vlog first say so I got to go
cuz I got to put this into this I got to
put this footage into this so that you
can watch do you're watching right now I
already did it
yeah headed to the Big Apple I was
trying to think when was the last time I
was in New York anybody remember I came
for the Tribeca Film Festival that's
like last year what was it there was
something can't remember I was in New
York I saw I was with the kids that's
right how we came with the kids last
time was just me and Gavin avian Emmy
yeah that was a good time I remember
that all right love you guys I'm excited
for this race nervous Carly's limping on
her foot
we'll see if she ends up running it but
we are headed to New York City tomorrow
it should be fun with my mom and my dad
and my grandma and Carly and Blake and
Cooper everies in tow so then we're
gonna meet Ron and everybody that's
running the marathon with me in New York
so we'll be back and forth with Collette
and the kids at home and me in New York
City running the marathon
okay so stay tuned it's gonna be another
adventure see you tomorrow
