on the table and now we can't get it
find some more toys I'm trying to
distract your wife for laundry otherwise
he goes and climbs up the stairs but we
don't want that because he won't fall
down huh
what - quick - quick tickle I mean it's
not that I don't believe in you it's
just a dangerous world out there for you
watching them discover a little things
like oh wow somebody has found the joys
of bubble wrap
but they're fun huh oh come on go back
it was so cute I looked over and he was
climbing that he was like up to the wall
he'd like crawled up it like Jackson
what are you doing then he was like just
popping all the bubble wrap
now he's gorilla Chron you're hanging
out with dad we're making a video today
I'm making a video of me while I'm
making a video I know it's a crazy
coincidence huh did you have a good
birthday yesterday you got a lot of
sugar in your cake huh you got a piano
present now you just got to learn how to
stand up yeah you had a lot of people
here loved you here to sing you happy
birthday and then in years from now
you'll be able to go back and watch that
video of all your cousins who you know
and love very well you like whoa you
were there you were there and you were
there on my first birthday and you'll
even be able to go back and watch
grandma gray when she passes away and
you'll be able to see her and see all
that was my grandma great I loved her
these are good memories huh hey Daxton I
love you I love you he never says it
back but I know he does
today's been one of those days where I
feel like I've been running around and
not getting anything accomplished this
is our garage and usually garages are
where you park your vehicles and I'm
pretty sure it's gonna snow here in
Idaho in about two weeks one or two
weeks
me maybe three I don't know if we're
lucky maybe three but we need someplace
to park our cards that's one of the good
things about living in Idaho is having a
garage to park your car because you have
room to have a garage and you kind of
need one because your windows are
frosted every morning if you don't so um
but let me show you the table it's so
beautiful Candace did an amazing job she
like just scavenged Pinterest and found
out how to do this and she refinished
our table this is our dining room table
the legs are black and then she
refinished the top I'm not going to
touch it because it still has to dry and
she finished the last coat so that's it
isn't it beautiful
I'm impressed that's that is something
tedious that would be really difficult
for me to focus on and do cuz I can't
even focus for two seconds to get any of
these bucks that's unloaded I told
myself if I can unload a box a day then
I'm doing good but I need to unload more
than that if we're gonna be in here
before winter find the kitties have you
guys seen the kitties lately let me show
you it's too bad because the Coyotes got
a ball hey baby see these hi baby babies
this is where the mom and Kitty put them
yeah hi oh so cute
this is where she put them and I can't
decide whether I should move them or not
because they're getting to the age where
they can crawl around like move around a
lot and there's nowhere to go in that
box do you think she would be mad if I
moved them would you be mad mommy
did you guys hit that hey Gavin
what are you doing oh you're right Devin
Supertramp videos are pretty cool on an
80 inch TV I showed when everybody was
over here last night for Jackson's
birthday I turned on that giant like
Canyon rope swing I did with Devin
Supertramp and I made everybody watch us
like yours look that's me that's me it
looks so cool on this big screen TV it's
it's like this the colors is really cool
we've sat in here for the last 45
minutes just watching Devin Supertramp
videos they look amazing I think anybody
trying to sell high quality image Smart
TVs today should have a Devin Supertramp
playlist at their disposal I'm talking
to you Best Buy employees huh you want
to do a little demonstration of how
great your TV is put on a Devin
Supertramp video just little heads-up
huh little help little tip for you look
at my lap dog just laying on my feet
Gavin does this dog follow me everywhere
I go why do you think he does that do
you think he loves me more than you well
maybe you should up your love level bro
you're just like yeah he definitely
loves you more than I do
thanks a lot it's funny I've never
really had a dog like this Malik I
wasn't really like this he just he liked
his space but Zeek he follows me
everywhere he's like a little lap dog
he's always with me no matter where I go
he follows me oh yeah this guy is
awesome I met this guy oh I met this guy
at the what did I go to I was the Nitro
Circus I went to the Nitro Circus
premiere and I got to meet this guy and
travis Pastrana and johnny Knoxville
it's in a vlog I think it was an awesome
night Oh
we're not letting these guys in you're
not coming in here gage you getting
footage for the Casey levere Channel I
could drag your shirt all right so we're
gonna go eat dinner at Cafe Rio but the
line was forever so now we decided to go
to wingers but we're running huh yeah
okay let's go following you guys watch
the first watch the cars go straight
across the parking lot these are not
running Mike regard watch for cars watch
for cars there we go we're running -
I'll get you baby talk I'm gonna get you
baby
seconds not on the table and now we
can't get in his mouth because you
wouldn't put the crayons down so this is
here all right
Rocky's helping me we're putting
together this little man birthday
present he loves it
good job honey you're a little builder
built houses before you know it these
building dreams oh wait what no bunny
never mind you know for building dreams
village rooms is over scary I decided
I'm either a really good mom a really
bad mom to put together toys at 9
o'clock at night with my kids because
either they're gonna stay up too late or
yeah or they're gonna love me forever
because I let them put together a toy
but I need somebody loves it more it's
been the birthday boy
that's rain that's your little brothers
you want to show them how to do it you
want to know who has the cutest
relationship these two so cute okay YUM
there he goes there he goes I love you
oh good time that's all the good times
you get you have to wait till tomorrow
to get some more good times what's more
these good times you come back here same
time same place tomorrow all right sorry
today's a little bit of a shorter vlog
the kids actually were busy most of the
day right when they got home from school
they are recording a brand new Christmas
song with Danny Richards danna-banana as
she drove out here she brought her whole
studio she has all of her microphones
and keyboards and everything and all of
the kids Gavin a via Emmy and Braley I
think it's those four they have recorded
a Christmas song that we're gonna shoot
a Christmas video for so this December
be looking forward to an original
Christmas song from the Shaytards kids
I'm excited it's a really good song it
sounds great thanks for watching check
out yesterday's vlog click on that
feeling lucky button and if you want to
watch some more good times you can see
what we've been doing for the last five
years all you gotta do is click on those
individual numeric cute faces one two
three four five I made those my babies
all by my love well yeah my wife did
most of the work all right love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye oh oh oh oh
and one other thing I wanted to say
there's already been 3,000 submissions
for the calendar the 2015 calendar
things that I talked about yesterday
I've read probably 200 and 300 of them
Wow
every time I fell down or fell sad I'm
just gonna keep those on hand and go
read them so if you submitted one of
those and you're getting a calendar this
year thank you so much those mean a lot
to me all right love you guys see you
tomorrow
