hello and welcome today sheeters vlog
before we get shot let's talk lighted
you no shade that's hashtag aether solid
it's roche hi I will calm down for a
second so I just wanted to stop and take
a second to congratulate all of you who
got the answers right the Shaytards
trivia game hashtag did you know shake I
cannot believe how many of you got them
right that quick I am gonna make the
questions harder they were too easy I
would say 90% of you got all of them
right
it was crazy they were tracking how many
tweets we got from the hashtag just
searching the hashtag like 6000 tweets
it was fun you guys want to do it again
real quick first I'm gonna give a shout
out to three of you like I promised in
the last week's video so here's how I
did it the first one that I picked I had
to pick the very first one the first
person that got all three of them right
with the hashtag and all three right
answers was Jenna Koch ish they say that
right you guys go tell her you Rock
Jenna you all would love some of that
sugar-free banana bread right now mmm
dang I just melt in your mouth thanks
Jenna you're the fastest on the tweet
stirs so I wanted these to be random so
the next person I picked I thought to
myself next person I pick I'm just gonna
refresh my timeline and the first person
that I see on my timeline that I
recognize that's the next person that's
getting a shout-out because I know a lot
of you guys when you guys tweet me
I recognize your faces you don't think I
know who you are but I know so many of
you you would be shocked anyways so i
refresh my feet and the first person I
saw was my good buddy Rick rags what up
Rick Rick and I have been talking on
Twitter for a long time Rick lost a
bunch of weight uh this dude is a cool
guy so I was just refreshing my feet and
yeah this is the first dude that I
recognize so shout out to Rick thanks
dude what I did next is I just said okay
I'm gonna refresh my Twitter again and
who was ever the very first one when i
refresh my Twitter is getting a shout
out
so you Mike a Clint get the next shout
out that ain't a bad beard either my
friend that is a sweet beard hashtag did
you know shake okay so I got some
hardware questions you guys want to play
again real quick I'm gonna up the ante
here's what I'm gonna do the next three
people that I choose at random
these last three that I just announced
we're gonna do a google hangout okay
we're gonna do a 30 minute Google
hangout with the six of us okay so the
three people I just gave a shout out to
and the next three all right
we're doing Hangul all together thanks
to my buddies at Geico guys ready here's
the next three and these are not gonna
be easy ones I came up with some hard
ones
no about one so last New Year's me and
all the tard family everybody went to
the gym if you remember we had an
obstacle course everybody was time to
see who could get the fastest around the
obstacle course in that video what was
my time question number two on baby
tards second birthday she got a present
from her grandma what was that cute
little present what did she get all
right the last question and remember you
have to tweet the answers to me on
Twitter with hashtag did you know Shae
all right so what's your the third
question B what would be a good one
Oh next question who painted this
painting you have to tweet me his that's
a hint Twitter handle who painted that
painting for Shaytards trivia all right
answer by tweeting me the answers the
three answers to those three questions
and then I will choose three randomly
however the way I choose and we are
going to do a Google hangout the six of
us you guys can ask me whatever you want
cool all right roll the intro sure happy
Monday everybody Monday's do not have to
be bad just cuz it's the start of your
week they don't have to be bad haha and
ours isn't bad cuz it's your birthday
party huh happy birthday happy birthday
we're gonna wrap some presents so we're
gonna go get some pizza cuz I don't want
to cook anything cuz I mean lots of
people come over this is one years old
already I can't believe you're one
already and of you and you know what I
think he's gonna be walking within a
week or two
cuz he's standing a lot nod your head
say yes mom I'm gonna be walking and you
can catch me and
Candice is amazing she just made me
granola look at this that is homemade
granola my sisters they're all more
homemade mini thermo homie yo homeless
is dead what are you talking about well
I'm excited to make this you have to
teach me to che loves it awesome for my
granola dude you are the most unhelpful
shopper in the world I need that to stay
in the cart we need toilet brushes this
is how the whole shopping trip has been
everything I put in the cart if he can
reach it he will throw it out of the
cart this is not productive we have lots
of bathrooms in our house and we need
lots of scrubbies scrub all bathrooms
okay stop it
putting it back don't touch it mine mine
yeah
hmm he's already won he's already being
defiant rude okay well I call if you're
gonna touch it then you have to scrub
the toilets okay
called it guess who's cleaning all the
toilets this week birthday boy over hair
what you get when you get birthday
balloons yeah you want some what move
the cart he start to float
and then can you get the balloons it's
like no mom can employ me doctor wait
it's not your birthday party yet
cutes okay look bird I know you like it
Carly like nice crown it's sparkly like
wings yeah oh I love it like we have a
few decorations where I can pick it up
there
this feeling is kind of taller than I
thought it was yeah
check out the birthday cake you by
yourself that was really hard my hands
are gonna fall off now
Oh is the I I was like he's fun without
the oh wow like a blonde wig yeah yes it
went over there yeah you can have it oh
do we have double matching camo toddler
pants free their shirt is visit and car
cause I'm like my auntie czar says yeah
Oh
such a cool aunt I could if I wanted out
the other oh you bought those both world
yeah are you acting like my auntie yappy
birthday it's a little every day
Oh baby little baby pretty mommy mommy
because the little baby's birthday mommy
get up baby
ah hi dad hi I knew it what is that
that's food he kind of salad sick Danah
is here helping make music making the
music well the children
this one's helping make and just
everything she makes everything pizza
babies Carly's working on an Instagram
picture over here hey they're the exact
same outfits on ok following Winston do
that you're gonna stand up bro what are
you doing my grandma grandma's coming
with us to New York City
it's gonna be fun have you been in New
York before once one time my dad's never
been made dad's first time in New York
City New York City being such a good boy
doing gee don't ya get off to get ready
for cake nope no ears out
baby there's our bunny they get so
excited they smack themselves in the
face stopping your nipple Oh No look at
the pink
what's that we're doing bed rides right
now this is weird this is like a worst
nightmare I've ever had
take a bunch of pictures of the devil's
threesome banks come in here we're
having a bed gone I'm gonna get your
husband Peggy you pervert
Vince ed get in there your wife's in bed
with my mom and dad and it's grossing me
out
you guys don't worry buddy
everybody in there just looked at me
everybody in that room just looked at me
like what I just walked in there and
said that ever he's like oh and you guys
are in there we're near with a vibrator
Maggie
ha ha the comfortable our parents are in
the bed like just an ordinary threesome
to me as you sit around collect get your
parents under control why do you have an
oven mitt getting hot in here we have an
oven mitt you guys like it yeah okay get
the hell out of my bedroom now all right
oh I know it's really loud all right
we have a standing presentation stand up
let's see it you walk on your birthday
party all right
stand up you can do it everybody's
watching
it's a new technique he has just learned
it from Norway
everybody's cheering him on
I think he's showing off for everybody
oh come on stand up and walk - hi lovey
happy birthday your eat your cake you
ready for him babe all right come on
let's go eat - cake happy birthday to
you happy birthday - it's like a chorus
happy
you guys don't blow it out oh there it
goes not waste any time you don't want
it hit it get in there touch it it's
your cake you can do ever you want with
their dog you put your face in it he
doesn't like the gooeyness oh that good
talk about having an audience yours like
grandmas and grandpas see this is
over-the-shoulder birthday cake action
your face Dex
do you not encourage him young man
remember your first birthday yeah oh YUM
it's great I got a goblin YUM
is that what he's like please get into
that cake oh yeah oh boy
you need it I'm sticking it in it for
you
Caroline will ya stick my face in okay
baby boy Santa's present memory could
help him let me do this that's you
happy birthday Daxton you cute little
boy can you guys believe it we whole
year old I guess it's about time to
start making another bait know that it
we I think we will see thanks for
watching it thanks for friends at Geico
for sponsoring today really appreciate
this campaign they just wanted to find a
way to make it so we can hang out with
you more I'm excited to do the Google
Chat I wish I could do it more
you know I but I do want to have those
moments where I can chat with you guys
individually so six of you guys we have
to chat with me it'll be fun so you can
ask me anything you want
all right so we will see you tomorrow we
are getting ready to fly to New York me
and my mom and my dad and Carly and
Cooper and we're all flying to New York
Thursday night and man we're gonna run
this marathon hopefully maybe crawl some
of it we'll see all right love you guys
see you tomorrow bye
