you ready for this
himself you ready for this that's their
line is all ready for me now there hi
everybody we're going out right now
we're gonna go in the middle of the corn
raised I think this is gonna be fun they
have to find us we're gonna be running
the whole time
I think I'd be funnier if we're just
running and they're chasing us he is
ready entering there your captain's
already getting scared
Ronald you got to come through the tires
Ronald come on Blake remember I told you
guys about the mattress thing I'm gonna
chase you down the maze corn mazes
always but just even being in corn
reminds me of the scary movies like
signs and et hey you can't vlog I'm
vlogging okay any TV these days in the
core we get to go the secret passageway
we go down this way all right
okay go go the trend oh you wanna smell
shaycarl spark okay weird all right here
we are in the middle of the corn maze
okay buddy look we're safe look we gotta
there's a rope you guys ready to meet
people are you cold
already what are you I just brought it
you're just getting ready because when
it gets dark this is what you do it's
dark and you're in the corn and they
can't see and they walk by you squirting
with that all right these guys made
their own costumes
look at how amazing these are so you
show how you made this all right she
brought you such a sellout always having
me fine branded stuff cheers I can't
believe this
she brought her nature bots that's cool
mom when the child is terrified it's not
good to laugh okay when they're
terrified beyond all hi rock is not like
an mr. death he's scared for his mom's
cracking up this is very exciting this
is the girl who won the pregnancy shirt
show them this is what you wore to the
hospital when we went to have Brock
remember Yeah right I was fat and sweaty
in that shirt a lot of times glad you
have it now right here's Carly we told
her that she has to leave the corn maze
because there can only be one Carly in
the vicinity at a time so to Carly's how
long didn't watch her videos nice that
was a good day
do we like that oh oh we just met the
girl who wore the shirt too when she
went to the hospital the blue
and we give that away we just met her
she's in the corn somewhere somewhere
running around all right here in the
blog now Saturday morning the
sleepyheads and Brock isn't a bad mood
why are you in a bad mood tell everybody
you want to tell him no one tell him
Brock's mad because he can't go to
school today I want to go to school you
want to go to school today
it's Saturday you don't have to go to
school today are you all ready to go
should we call your teacher and ask her
if you can go over to her house dude
it's Saturday you don't go to school on
Saturday that's the best part about the
weekends bro I'm gonna take a shower
what he's just he wants to be a genius
huh where's the birthday boy where is
that birthday boy is he in here anyways
I am gonna take a shower and then go for
hopefully a 20-mile run we'll see this
is gonna be painful
right now he's 1 years yeah can you
believe it
and if you've been watching our daily
shayloss videos you know team new york
marathon went hard on Saturday I did
17.2 miles and it felt great and by
great I mean I almost died and threw up
and it's very very difficult
I ran 17.2 miles today that means I get
to go eat a lot of dinner you guys
realize that I feel like I've achieved a
major accomplishment a major
accomplishment
I cannot here's what I'm excited for I'm
excited for to be in this kind of shape
where I can run 17 miles I can't believe
I let myself not get in that I love
you let's go well here we are
celebrating Jackson's year birthday can
yes believe I think a lot of you started
watching when Daxton was born you've
been watching shaytards for womenn years
let me make up hip airplane all right
you know who's better at making paper
airplanes than me your brother
Gavin's the best paper airplane maker
right no come make you one we were and
the Avia Colette and the birthday boy
has passed out grandpa's heart is here
rabbit tacos needs a green beans these
are really pretty good only you yeah we
ditched your mom huh Dave
dear look at that who's that rock like
you on the big screen Shaytards on the
big screen that's great song shake
remember that remember that whoa can you
believe it we're on the big screen whoa
it's your birthday what do you got for
your birthday what are you celebrating
his birthday well tomorrow but it's
actually the annual spooky Pop's making
at my mom's house so we're going to have
it on Monday night oh okay
yeah we should watch his birth video on
our new TV yeah and cry about it because
I will that be good reminiscing
let's do that Gavin try to pull up
Jackson's birth video okay and we'll
watch when Jackson was born all right
you want to watch your birth look Daxton
your video has six point five million
views and Brock's only has four point
eight oh snap Jackson wins the birth
video view count game okay let's watch
this let's watch this baby that was born
into our lives exactly one year ago
today
hurry babe come watch it you want to
watch the day that you were born yeah
you don't probably remember it by lunch
you can watch it right now exactly year
ago at 2:30 that one he was born 2:30
okay remember you were there did you
like me in there were you glad that
you're there
exciting yeah take the pencil is gonna
be that mad throw stuff in anger
those are like this balance beams when
he stands up he needs oh oh he wants to
walk stand up yeah he's getting excited
oh thank you thank you late we're
talking about the cervix Oh baby I love
you we turn all the lights off the top
we're having a movie night was a cool
moment right as he was borned accident
real life just started crying it was
like he remembered
all right it's Sunday morning and our
windows are leaking so we have to put a
tarp and we're doing this on an
unfinished deck so hopefully we don't
fall through the training and it's
leaking so yeah and yeah where's putting
your tarp I'm talking and go to church
hopefully look at our deck has roof it's
pretty cool camera turn off dad okay see
you guys later all right
so towels are running out basically they
took the siding off of the house to
build the deck and now it's just like
pouring right in the window seal so I
hung a tarp out there so hopefully
that'll kind of act as like a rain
protection but we're still getting water
dripping all over the floor inside our
using every towel and blanket we can
find just to hang all over inside so
don't get it wet hung that plastic on
there and we're using these two for two
by fours to kind of try to hold that
tarp but the wind still keeps blowing it
look at those boys out there are you
call this to cool down there how's it
feel it looks so pretty with all the
leaves yeah you could build a big pile
and okay go out there and build a big
pile of leaves and I'll be inside it
when you're done come get me
no nice so it is our annual spooky pot
making today we well we have him for the
past few years because we've been in
California but my kids don't remember
this I know that we have it on a vlog at
least once
somewhere where we made spooky pops my
kids are like spooky pods what does
funky pop so we're gonna have to show
you guys this kooky pop if you weren't
here in the blog so we made a spooky pop
then you will get to see today it's
addressed to tradition already have in
my family my stepmother brought into the
family where we make suckers with spooky
faces or whatever kind of faces you want
to make out of candy but the rule is you
can't eat the candy until you make your
own sucker and eat your sucker it's
really hard not to sing happy okay so
we've got and then we make a face like
this created with the ears and like that
booty pot for Halloween and then she
makes like this butterscotch candies she
pours over it and then I comes a sucker
oh my goodness look at this is really
creative they braided
I love candy corns and the caramel mixed
together so that's my favorite comics it
really chewy
Dennis s mine is more like a Halloween
turkey but I like gotta have the court
and this one is what's your face are you
gonna name your face what's his name my
monster I like it yes very creative
Oh scene is the most candy I was gonna
say no II just gonna be like I don't
care what the design is and I decided
I'm not doing a Trekkie I'm doing a lion
since my lion came because I want to
poke you in the eye fun making spooky
pops area hey ghost says yeah mind Aslam
let me see your zombie talk know what it
is it's a zombie dropped it what's his
name Azam be have a name yeah what names
clock his name's crock yeah look at crop
to me through the clouds
clouds of gorgeous my spooky pops names
Colette oh really
that's funny huh brought he knows good
comedy look at this little boy okay
leave him a lot let him do it himself
let him let him do it Oh see you like to
join himself it's so sad when they
started to grow up but it's so cute at
the same time can you just like hold off
maybe a few more months you just show me
some kind of baby look at ya Oh oh
you're gonna try oh man seriously they
just started doing that yesterday right
when he turned one just wait guys didn't
be walking sooner than we think
hey guys so I know October is almost
over but my sisters did not let it go by
without doing anything this year for
breast cancer awareness
my sister Callie did a song for my mom
it's called Ellen song because that's my
mom's name is Ellen and it was so
awesome
yes made me cry it has a back full
footage of my mom when she was younger
and it's kind of just about being young
and our childhood and mom watching us
grow up the time that she did get to
watch us anyway it's just really good
Kelly is amazing and my sister Sadie did
her earrings as per tradition for
October and Lucas and see them but they
are the October of breast cancer
awareness earrings that you can get on
her website at Sadie's beads art
feiyr.com and I think the deal usually
is you provide something on our website
coming here a pair of earrings free or
you can just buy the earrings do you
like my earrings babe I go poopoo you
have cute hair in the pod
it's not weird at all see you later
anyways happy October to you guys okay
hey we should address the issue of why
the beds not in the middle of the
windows oh yeah you guys no no I agree
normally you Center a bed but the way
our room is set up it doesn't really
work that way okay okay you can do it I
don't care you're doing it's a fight
trust me guys okay I seriously don't
care I think you should try it and
you're gonna see what I'm talking about
okay so you're worried that the end
tables will go in between well for one
thing like I do our room goes back a
little bit like this so the end table
wouldn't be against the wall and on that
side we had to put that in because of
the steam room so Shay's not really
gonna have room for his end table if the
bed is centered you block one of the
doors I could take one below and that
would look weird to me the other problem
too is that the door like where the divi
is supposed to go the TV is on on this
side of the room it's not centered so
it's like that's off-center this way so
it's not it's a little frustrating if
you're OCD like I saw in the comments
like I understand that because normally
that's what you would do with the bed it
Center it but but the way the room is
set up it actually works better to do it
this way but I am totally willing to
lose right
if I move that I mean what if we even
just move it over this with like six
inches Jackson what do you think I'm not
doing one event it's comfortable oh and
the reason should we show him why it's a
split that lobby wanted to go that way
reason 2 because we have our own moving
sides so for whatever Swan dress it up
and read and watch movie and the other
ones to sleep then you can do it so this
is pretty cool it's like a hospital bed
it's very comfortable and we could have
gotten it so that it doesn't at the same
time which but I don't mind the practice
it bothered you no no it's kind of like
like to put my leg in it like it's been
kind of like a comfortable and no one
else it's a great like middle zone for
him when he's sleeping like this you
just lay him in the crack knee doesn't
go anywhere he's like blazing that crowd
it hasn't bothered me so look if we want
to watch a movie this is like perfect
movie night bed yeah watch a movie
Jackson you can watch a movie on your
fancy bed and if I want to sleep when
you watching this or you can read my
paper you know how I do always reading
The Wall Street Journal I met Carl for
dinner look at this number one year home
when absolutely birthday party to my
birthday party tomorrow for him yep you
don't care he's 1 years old I'll seize
the cares about is is he done nursing
did you done finish him um I just
finished this week so or at least if he
made it a year
I'm nursing per year when's the last
time you nursed him then I thought about
doing it yesterday one last time but it
was actually the day before his birthday
so so you have nursing for two days
right oh that's a sad day no you know
what that means babe what means I don't
just share those things anymore they're
all mine now what happens don't baby
he's still playing with that man I go
cloudy push the flatline he's so
interested now we're going down
you'll record action and I'm gonna give
you your little baby but I'm gonna buy
you but vibrating - he's just working
all the controllers he loves you well
until next time thanks for tuning in to
the Shaytards see you later hey quick
question have you pre-ordered your 2015
Shaytards calendar I want you guys to be
involved the first year we did and we
put a bunch of your pictures like all
over the cover and like the outside
corner and then what I've been doing
like for the last four years as a
tradition I'll have quotes like at the
bottom of every month but this year I
had this idea where I want you guys to
write these little blurbs about how the
Shaytards IDEO is if they have changed
your life and I want to use the very
best 12 that we get and put those at the
bottom of every single month for the
2015 Shaytards calendars so if you go
follow me on twitter the very last thing
i tweeted is the link where you can go
fill out that form and submit your how
the Shaytards changed your life and we
could possibly put it in the calendar so
your quote would be in the calendar
which I think would be awesome because I
know there's some really cool stories of
you know how you guys have found our
videos and it's just that's one of my
favorite things about doing this is the
stories that we hear about you guys and
how you interact with us and the and the
Shaytards log so I want to use those in
the calendar this year so links below go
check out my Twitter it's there also
click on yesterday's vlog you know
blabbity blabbity blabbity love you very
much and thanks for watching we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
