caramel apples script one ship v1 take
one I've changed forever
hi guys shaycarl here what a video ones
Sunday yes that's right we're gonna
bring you guys videos every single
Sunday you know why cuz my good buddies
at AFV decided that I needed a show
gonna be called Shay FB get it we're
gonna take out one of the fouls I put my
name there to the AFB jfv look at the
logo okay it's not a show show it's not
like super fancy mostly it's gonna be me
messing with my kids first I need to
show you guys a video and we're gonna
play a little prank on the kids okay
okay here's the video check out go yeah
I know what you're thinking sure that's
so meters yeah it's mean but it's also
hilarious we have caramel apples when
they're my max now where you'll get the
kids and we're gonna have these
delicious-looking caramel apples
presented and then they're gonna have a
little surprise children is ready so now
here hope you guys are feeling
competitive we have a very serious
competition okay you stand out here
lupus we goofus follow me my dear lady
you're just standing right there
you haven't you're in the middle you're
right there alright here's the name of
the game you have to eat the caramel
apple the fastest
we'll throw you off the balcony look at
those caramel apples
they look very delicious very comely
there's some whipped cream with some
sprinkles day is ready are there any
questions what you might have a
disadvantage because you have less tea
what's your question I'm gonna say
you're the winner I'll grab the canister
over your head and plus your caramel
apple you will be gone that's also
another indication of when you'll be
done with the caramel eating contest no
I just break your thigh
okay ready oh all right all right
oh all right I'm gonna declare a Mia the
winner because she kept knowing even
after she knew it was an onion I got you
guys I got you guys is was that
disgusting yeah all right just to be
fair I'm gonna take a bite let me try it
ready hmm I know gun I imagine like a
cheeseburger
alright so to close this video on a
nicer note here's the video of dogs
making babies laugh alright now we watch
videos together that's a good dog thank
you just blow this look at her actually
Bronx like your tone that was fun
watching those videos huh guys
that one baby how she laughs it's just
like unabashedly just laughing huh let's
sing a little song ready laughing
alright guys that's it for this week
thanks for joining us on che Fe let us
know in the comments below what do you
guys think do you like our show it's our
show we have a new show AFV this is it
but you guys want to find out how you
can be in our new show AFV check it out
right here boom there's little
explanation video telling you how you
can be featured in this show do you want
to see next week's episode right now you
don't want to wait till next week you
can go see it right now boom right there
on maker TV huh you guys see that boom
boom see how I did that like boom boom
boom
adaptation magic all right thanks guys
join us next time on what is it guys
