hey guys I'm taking over the wrong today
hahaha I'm taking over the log of the
mine it's not like yes that reminded me
of Daxton he's so cute
anyways hi guys I realized something
today
I realized that I have not actually
taken over the vlog for a really long
time and so I told Shane you know what
see you I'm taking it I want to talk
it's my turn
no really Shane does all of the work all
of the time I mean I do vlog but he
always edits it he puts it together and
he vlogs most of the time and he's the
funny one let's be honest come on he's
really cute and I like anyways I am
grateful to be here today you guys I'm
grateful to give you this one take
Sunday that is just a snippet of my
thoughts um I used to do this on the end
of the vlogs I would just give like a
little mommy card moment I guess you'd
call it and I kind of missed that and
today I guess I feel inspired because
we've been here at buffer fest we've
seen a lot of the creators we've met
viewers we've just been inspired by all
of the creations and the up Adina's in
the air is that a word uppity this hmm
it is now I made it up I don't know if
it is but I felt inspired and I realized
something we all go through times in
life where we just like you know maybe
we don't feel inspired maybe we don't
feel like we have anything to offer the
world maybe we don't feel confident in
our own desires or passions because
we're afraid of what people will do or
say or think or whatever um and we're
trying to fit ourselves into these
little boxes where we want to be like
everyone else but yet we want to be
individual but yet we're afraid to be
individual so we gotta be like everybody
else and I get that way too
I get stuck in these ruts where I'm like
really do I have anything to offer
woah Who am I what is mommy tard what I
don't know do you buy scare I don't know
what they do oh you know when you kind
of get in these places and buffer fest
has just realized that fire within me
that's like you know what yes I do have
a voice I do have something
offer and that's the main thing that I
took away from this conference I guess
you got a convention festival festival
it's a festival it's people um I've been
really grateful for this time we have
spent time with great people and great
friends that have made me realize that
we are all in this together and we don't
have to compare ourselves to other
people because comparison is the thief
of joy and the more we do that the less
joy that we're gonna feel did that make
sense the more we compare ourselves to
others and ourselves we take away joy
from ourselves I've been following this
app that has these awesome affirmations
and one of my favorite one says when I
forgive I set myself free and if you
think about that we judge ourselves more
than anybody else does we if we talk to
ourselves or if we talk to our best
friend the way we talk to ourselves
sometimes we'd probably punch ourselves
in the face right am i right do you guys
ever like look at yourself in the mirror
and you save mean things to yourself and
or under your breath or in your mind use
this Oh so this oh you're so that like
to yourself if you don't do that then
stick with what you're doing because
you're doing great but I do that
honestly I know I'm sure most of you
have done that to yourself before and
you know what it's stupid it's really
stupid because when you do things that
make you happy and light up and feel joy
you're going to change lives around you
if you do things that make you feel
negative or talk to yourself in a
negative way that spreads to other
people so the way that you can change
the world is just by loving yourself
that's my little mommy chart advice
today forgive yourself please take away
judgment release judgment of yourself
all the little things that you think you
do wrong or you're wrong about forgive
them
and that will allow you to forgive other
people and that will allow you to feel
joy and to
it really is that simple and I need to
remind myself that all the time
comparison is a thief of joy forgive and
you'll set yourself free I love it and
that is my little piece of advice today
this is this one take something I feel
happy you guys I'm grateful I'm so happy
I'm grateful for all of you that watch
our videos I'm grateful for you the
comment thank you I know granted there
are negative comments but you know
thanks for supporting us in whatever way
you're doing it I'm grateful for you um
we do Shay and I really appreciate you
and I know that I'm gonna get emotional
I didn't want to do that but I'm going
to get emotional we met a lot of you
tonight that have been watching our
videos since the beginning like the we
met a girl that was like do you remember
the video um gosh I look fat in this or
do I look fat in this why can't I
remember the name of it all of a sudden
anyways it's way back in the day a
shaycarl video and I thought you've been
watching this for that long you like
I've been here for a whole lives it's
just it's crazy I'm so grateful for you
guys and we want to get back we want you
guys to know how wonderful you are each
and every one of you yes I'm being a
mommy tard right now but you're worth it
and I love you and I'm being serious
so look yourself in the mirror and tell
yourself how amazing you are and think
about that one thing in your life that
you have wanted to do or create or or
share with people that maybe you feel
scared about or embarrassed about and
forgive yourself for that fear go out
and do it okay
alright that's my piece of advice for
you guys today I love you
thank you again please comment let me
know any other things you guys are
thinking yeah okay we'll see you
tomorrow and we'll be back with the kids
soon and that will be fun huh alright oh
yeah you guys tomorrow the log is going
to be I'm excited about because Shea and
I had a wonderful day here in Toronto
and
excited to share it with you so we'll
see you guys tomorrow love you bye
