hi I'm login here so we're just
downstairs playing cards you guys hear
that noise and we're like it's an
earthquake
it's the massage bed upstairs there's a
button for a massage on our bed that we
bought it sounds like an earthquake
look I'm trying to teach this baby
elephant yes I have a friend see
elephant with what elephant okay we're
playing golf guys my stomach hurts our
eyes ever played golf before I film
Sheffey oh you're filming Shaytards okay
sorry that's more important we're doing
a sign a mirror I need you three yeah
there was an earthquake there was an
earthquake there was yes what what
happened the bed upstairs oh you can
hear it like was it y'all were like what
I wondered what it would sound like down
here oh is it really
oh dang yeah we were gonna play and I
was gonna win ma'am did it shake the
light it did it was really in sorry
daddy was gonna bet the song yeah come
on grace let's go be kidding funny do
you guys like this it's pretty huh you
guys showed it to me yes I know but it's
mine I'll show them again we're alike to
a stray said a weirdo Minkel it's a good
one
okay they have to change to find out one
let's go film swing the baby sing the
baby the college boy came to town my
English ours did I come into town take a
little break say hello to the kid oh
sure now I'm here to express my love oh
you guys all you guys all tag-team on
Logan who can everybody get against
Logan
Oh Gavin swinging for the fences oh yeah
the mad bro good bro you know Gavin's a
center he plays football now you better
be careful Logan hey talk like Charlie
whoa
wah-wah in an apple Oh who's coming down
the stairway is it a large curly-haired
man I hear Ronnie with a gam run move oh
I'm limping downstairs are you just like
sewer yeah me and Ron's legs are solvus
of water so the reason Logan was just
here
is because we were actually having a
business meeting my little brother and I
are going to start a company together
and it's official um and we this is like
our fourth meeting about it anyways I
shouldn't have done that
you guys I want to play a hey tell from
you Ally's gonna kill me but uh just
listen to this real quick you're not
allowed to start a clothing line I D
towed this decision no you're not you're
not caught up on anything and you try
and act like starting this merch thing
is gonna be told oh it's gonna be so
easy guess what we don't have time not
only do we not have time you don't have
time and unless you start committing to
15 to 30 hours a week to finish the book
I refuse to have anything to do with
emerged thing so you're not gonna get
any help for me I'm very upset with you
sir Shay Carlos you're behind on Geico
on naturebox audible we've got a Fe
stuff coming up where you're gonna have
to fly into LA in December and then
potentially also a lot of January stuff
too and I'm trying to block off the
Christmas vacation everything for you
guys but I'm telling you right now you
are biting off more than you can chew
and it's dry it's I'm gonna get an ulcer
I will get an ulcer
that was Ali she's my assistant
she's my when is Ali Ali Ali's my she
does everything for me um so you guys
are like share your job so easy all you
have to do is film your family and hang
out it's not we're doing a lot of
projects and that's going to change in
the year 2015 I have said to all my team
- Ali - Nick I'm just gonna say this out
loud right now to the whole world so
everybody knows it I am done full stop
all I want to do is Shaytards I only
want to do what you guys I think want me
to do I dream of a world where my only
daily commitment is to get a 20-minute
Shaytards vlog up even if it was Monday
through Sunday I there's just so many
projects and I have I have bit off more
than I can chew also I'm trying to write
a book documentary all these there's so
many things things you don't even know
about and I'm tired and I and I don't
like the way that it feels to spread
myself so thin so in 2015 everything
changes I'm gonna do less less less
projects but I want to do bigger
projects so I've told Ali in my team I'm
not doing anything else for the rest of
the year and I just don't have time I
want to be with my kids I want to be
here at our new house and it's just
crazy
it is so busy right now I'm the busiest
I've ever been and it's it's insane
anyways I just I don't really share that
with you guys very often the business
end of my life um but I figured I'd let
you you know see what it's like we hate
Ella back and forth like all day every
day
she's when she's me mad is it Ali great
that's she cracks me up anyways uh I got
to get back to work so I'll see you guys
later sorry the vlog was late yesterday
you get you get huh well I'm leaving
soon
so okay so I'm gonna leave it after
we're doing real life what do you say I
can't control you we're doing real life
hi what's today what is today's Friday
it is Friday
it is okay you guys hi it is Friday at
12:20 - what tell what we're doing today
babe we are doing a lot of fun so this
is real time what you just watched was
yesterday you're right you're in the
real life today vlog I'm filming this
and I'm gonna plug into my computer I'm
gonna upload it yeah well we don't have
very much footage from yesterday right
she had a lot of things that was backed
up on that he was trying to finish and
um I don't know what you want to do what
are we doing today first on that like
later today like yeah yes uh well later
today we're going to the corn maze and
so Colette is giving me a deadline
you have to have the vlog up by three
o'clock today so we can make it to the
corn maze to meet many of you that are
gonna be there um and he just put a clip
in the vlog of him talking about how
busy we are which is true like all of
that is true and then he's like okay now
we gotta film this naturebox
like um do you want to put him grand
Mele with the club pages so yes today I
am scheduled to do a naturebox brand ale
but listen I genuinely love this product
and this is how you know I love this
product
this has been in my safe now for like a
week every single day that I come down
here to edit I look over I see that
nature box I'm like all infini so bad
but I knew that today was the day I had
to do the nature box brand deal so I
couldn't open it because I like to open
it on camera so like for every day for
the last week I've been pissed off when
I come here because I have just gotten
back from a run or doing a workout with
Ron and I'm so hungry and I'll see this
naturebox sitting over there I'm like oh
bitch there's no pineapples in there
let's compile apples so bad but I wanted
to open it on camera
that's the exciting thing about nature
box it's like a present you know you get
it in the mail and it's like you know
it's full of deliciousness and just like
the aesthetics of it I love that the
colors they're like bright but thing
anyways so I'm finally excited to open
this and I do have to say that she would
not do a brand deal for everybody
consistently that he did not genuinely
that's and that's the promise that I've
made you guys you know we do brand deals
it's just listen I'm not trying to hide
anything I'm getting paid to tell you
that I like this product and that's the
best part about it is that's an easy
thing to do when you like the product
they have over a hundred and one hundred
and fifteen snaps now oh you better o
naturebox
come on don't let me down a box where's
my pineapple basiago cheddar cheese
crisps there they are oh yeah big on it
butterball good we gonna butt up to I
seriously this is better than idea
gummy fruit shoo
apple cinnamon crab alright so here's
the deal you guys go to nature box.com
you cannot one get a free sample right
now they're doing a thing where you can
get a free sample
you're like I don't know Shay maybe
maybe you're like I'll just type it up
those pineapples because you're on
camera and you're getting paid to do it
I don't trust you you can do a free
sample now well they'll send you some
and then you try me be like you know
what my taste buds ain't lyin
mmm pac-man pac-man pineapple so suey
hey did I tell this story I know after I
like ranted and raved about these
pineapples naturebox sent me an entire
box of pineapples
just pineapples all pineapples dimension
there's pineapples in the box
anyways a BIA saw and she is a fellow
lover of the pineapples which is like
dad don't tell anybody so we hid them in
my office right was just me and AV is
like little sim secret stash no duh we
didn't tell anybody I mean one night I
was up really late editing and like
behold man I want some of those
pineapples in that box so I went and got
a bag down I'm not lying to you
I hate two and a half bags of these yeah
yeah and a via the next day comes he's
like jabbers all the pineapples I'm like
dude I think grandpa found now
they're delicious links below they have
so many different things cashew crumble
anyway so now gonna put the vlog up and
then we are going down to my end uncle's
house go to the corn maze you ready for
that I am gonna be ready but listen guys
I'm gonna have lots of hand sanitizer on
cuz I'm getting a cold
yeah you guys might catch mommy's
pneumonia dang it this is the worst day
is it gonna be cold out there it's
actually really nice days yeah it was
chilly whoa
Patsy was just in case but corn maze man
I'm excited I want to scare some people
in all right if we if you guys we're
coming tonight we'll see you there all
right all right then we're ass or
waiting for the kids home from school
and they're gonna go pick up Brock and
then we're headed to Utah let's hear
that okay love you bye bye you guys I'm
doing it again I found a second bag of
pineapples in this nature box and the
first entire bag is gone and there's
only half of the second bag left while I
was sitting here editing I just started
eating these they're so chewiness oh my
gosh I want to eat like one whole
pineapple of like this nature box
um and then I also actually went through
and had a little bite of every single
package in there and they're delicious
and you guys these things are healthy
it's called nature box for a reason
they're made from wholesome ingredients
and their nutritionists approved nature
box abides by strict quality standards
there's no like high fructose corn syrup
no partially hydrogenated oils
there's no trans fats no artificial
sweeteners no artificial flavors there's
no artificial colors even
for gluten-free non-gmo dairy-free and
nut free snacks so they thought of
everything and there's like well these
are like when I'm training for this
marathon
I'm just snacking on these throughout
the day I'm just going into the closet
grabbing a handful these are like kind
of what keeps my metabolism going
throughout the day and I can fill goods
I know that they're like healthy
wholesome snack so get you some I
promise you'll like them and you feel
good about giving your kids to them to
give them them to your kids all right
we'll see you guys on Monday
