hi I'm logging here all right here's the
crew there's Ron trudging up the hill it
is cold - you're doing great keep it up
mmm these mountainous wonder a winter
land
Wonderland I did it keep it up I don't
want to be running right now sorry I'm
vlogging and driving but I had to vlog
the running crew go Katie go good to go
huh
no he will not be running the marathon
because he will be hunted he is still
running with the crew hi Meg you're
doing great
I love you and so proud it's cute I love
him like he's the crew I love you so I'm
parked now don't worry um so I've
actually got the kiddies in tow with me
today mama kitty was noticing that she
kind of had like um I don't know what it
is like a swollen glands or something I
couldn't tell if she got bit or if she
has like a tooth infection or something
it's actually going down today was worse
yesterday but I'm taking her into the
bed to just have her checked out and she
can't get spayed yet because she has to
be done nursing but we're gonna have her
checked out and I have all the kiddies
they don't want to leave the other
kitties home I thought the vet should
probably look at them too so we got lots
of kitties with us today and I'm trying
to make it calm in the car though
Brock's not really helping with that he
likes to be loud in the morning and I
remember remember we've got the mama we
got the mama kitty with us so you got to
be quiet okay so we're back from the vet
I wanted to show you guys what my mammy
looks like I see I see she's got this
little little bump on this side of her
cheek you can kind of see it was bigger
yesterday oh hi hi baby hi oh yes it's a
good mom he's such a good mama
you're so cute so what had happened is
she either got bit or scratched by
something and it got infected
and so she had a fever of 104 and it was
all swollen
so they drained it and they gave her
some antibiotics so she should be better
within a week then we'll get her
immunized and all that
so we're trying to take care of her
she's such a good mommy you know I never
thought that I would be a cat person cuz
I've never really liked cats like I will
pet them if somebody has a cat I'm nice
to him but I've never really wanted to
have one but ever since she came into
our life she's such a good mommy and
she's so sweet and she's like tough
she's a good Mouse or two like she's a
Huntress if that's a word
a huntress vote there's all our little
babies I know baby
hi nephew hey guys
we're just here that chair and
watching freely and aadya
damn so watching them picking freely mr.
idea how was cheerleading did you lead a
cheer can you do a roundoff back
handspring now oh I thought you could
well we I was filming her and she kind
of yeah like practice makes perfect
you know I could do is Randolph get
spotted and do back cast listen you're
not competing with anybody else you only
compete with yourself I'll tie your shoe
all right all ten hundred of us we're
going going to get some food okay I got
had a shoe all right yes sir I will I'll
tie your shoe with one hand okay all
done let's go I didn't get it okay let
me try again so I don't know if you guys
know this but the way that we get
footage every day is Colette has a
camera and I have a camera and normally
there it's exact same camera but Colette
said that she wanted to get her own
little thing because she feels more
motivated to vlog if he has like it's
her camera so check out her new setup
he's your new setup
she has her key on there oh that is so
cute okay don't lose it
that's gonna be a giant pain in the bust
me every time I have to import footage
with that key on there so just so you
realize that all right we're against the
des des baby want to get it tough
put your baby off of our counter monster
are you a monkey you're lucky I like
your bow lupus it's a nice boat
seriously the cutest thing
I love when he grabs your head I mean
sleeve is your ears it's the best daddy
thing I just want to remember that short
effort he helped son your ears like
their handle Daxton what are you doing
put your shirt back on I'm so happy that
he did that that's the first time he's
ever done that listen fat old man put
your shirt back on back on he's like
okay how do I put it back on he was so
happy that he could put his shirt on
hey no shoes no shirt no service
bro-heem yeah I put that shirt on the
back you got that gut you know yeah
it'll baby good let's put a shirt back
on and see if y'all take it off again
okay ready
there you go good job daddy all right
we're getting sheets for our new bed we
just got our new bed we'll show you guys
when we get home were excited it's gonna
be so comfortable the night all right
Houdini can you get it off you know can
you take it off I'm trying dad can you
get it off again yeah
can you do it normal you just slide it
Noah oh oh oh you get it off frustrated
oh you think you're getting a toothless
hat without work you can't get a
toothless hat
DreamWorks in by our company you can't
get that hat
what if I did that I would only let my
kids watch and get Disney merchandise
cute oh it does that's hilarious you if
you don't if you squeeze it appears my
class that had the puppy was oh the ears
pop up when you squeeze though oh look
who got his shirt off oh my god Oh
Congrats you're white trash baby you did
it
Hey look at this trash it's the shirt
out of here what are you wanna wear your
shirt dude if you want to quality
clothes that baby who is that man
oh that's Albert Einstein that's a cool
painting to have in your office I like
that a lot
that's cool wanna see something cool hey
here is my phone look let's go dad can I
get that tree what tree that one the
colored one that one you want the most
new Christmas tree - those roughly 30
yeah you said to get that planar that's
what I want to get it is this I'm
holding these for you you guys what kind
of Christmas tree gonna get this year or
you know we could do is we could go cut
down our own Christmas tree how cool
would that be
what yeah why we go on our own property
cut our own tree and then decorate it
and I'll smell like pine that's like a
good idea do you know how much time
we'll be on the floor she's smarter than
her own good let's go you ruined
Christmas spirit all right you guys want
to show my new bed okay
there's our new bed we just got our
furniture in today here's the dresser
and all hadn't all had it all had it all
I think that's going to be mostly
Colette's and then we have a dresser
drawer and then we have two of these
nightstands on each side I like it can
sit here and tie my shoes right there oh
it's gonna be Betty Betty if any
comfortable
Colette went and got some sheets these
guys are whipping their hair back and
forth apparently okay what are you gonna
do oh wait on my hair are getting longer
that's good news
why is that good news that means my hair
is growing in from
all from having Jackson Oh so are you
gonna lose it again when you have this
neck baby that you're pregnant with
right now
no I'm just I'm just perpetuating the
joke I wasn't saying you look fat I was
just like cuz you just talked about
having a baby and we were joking about
it yesterday I'm PMSing oh um you guys I
just was freaking out a little bit I
just sat down right here I don't know if
I like it I knew we should just return
it all look where we got babe that
sounded like you're hurt there J you
know what to do
look where we got babe we're trying to
be like sexy or something yeah I did
yeah and you act your head no we're just
sitting here thinking oh my gosh this is
our room this is our room I couldn't
think of anything more it's like a
luxury suite I don't think I've ever
stayed in a nicer room than this well it
took a lot of planning and and we did it
I love you
Casey's coming down we're gonna tape a
sheet to my steamer we don't have a door
so we're gonna tape a sheet up there
mean case you're gonna take a steam
shower we're gonna wear short run down
to the 24-hour little Mart and get no
that's far away it is perfect
anyways yeah your problem yes I think
that's weird you're weird you're
breaking it in I haven't even sat in
there with you you'll get in with us I
am NOT getting it hahaha we're gonna
have our swimming suits on you pervert
your pervert
going over here no whack your head on
the bed again right uh alright anyways
it's beautiful we love it what yes
what's the most amazing thing tell me
that oh yes where is he in his bed don't
open the door don't you hate me Joe I i
commended no lays asleep is he's just in
the playpen you don't have a preview are
you really here with you friends well I
guess we'll find out let's gonna wake up
tomorrow at 10:30 whoa I had a really
good night's sleep alright we'll see you
guys tomorrow
see yah oh that's the last piece of
furniture we need to get Zeke where's
your bed gonna go the reason we got this
color furniture guys so it matches eek
we wanted everything to go together
because we knew he was basically like
the moving rug that would always be on
the ground of our living our bar bedroom
I was thinking over here in the corner
what do you think or he could he could
even be over here by me you guys want to
see the steamer just turned on
we'll see if this works but I just think
Zeke looks beautiful on the carpet I
love you buddy do you like our new home
lift your testicles if you like it oh
good Oh
yep that time for bed good night and
then I got in the steam shower and it
was the greatest moment of my life
I should have filmed me getting in the
steam shower I was almost in tears I was
so excited my I'll get a GoPro we need
to have like a shower camp
who wants a shower camp comes up this
video if you guys want to chat never
mind I'll get zero thumbs up um I'll
show it to you guys though I was in that
steamer last night for probably 45
minutes just loving every story I love
you guys they for watch it is bloody
miserable you see wonder that happily
camera see you guys tomorrow
