in here yo yo yo what's going on I said
hey howdy what what it what it what it
was this dumb song hey hey guys welcome
today we're training today marathon
training but it is windy and cold and
rainy
it's almost snow it's like that cold
rain were like a few degrees colder it
could definitely be snow so we're
training inside today in the meadow
Ronnie
you ready to run stairs if you guys
didn't know we are training we're going
hard check out the sheäôs channel we
are doing daily shayloss videos right
now I got a run up and down these bad
boys about a hundred times join team
shayloss on our shayloss channel links
below we're getting motivated and we'll
be looking good for Christmas join our
team every day we're getting motivated
hey listen announcement we're doing a
meet-and-greet in Utah so if you live in
the Utah Idaho area and you want to hang
out with us we are gonna be at yes okay
say uh we're gonna be at my aunt and
uncle's corn maze a little while ago you
guys may remember I tweeted a picture of
my aunt now the show it right now a show
the picture my aunt my uncle he's Dennis
corn maze every year how long is Darwin
done it like five six years like ever
yeah I've done maybe a ten years he's
like it's been a long time anyways they
have this farm and so they do a corn
maze every year so my uncle Darwin he's
like hey what if I did a Shaytards corn
maze oh sure I was like yeah because I'd
be hilarious we're Matt moved back here
so he like mowed Shaytards and like my
logo and a smiley face it's hilarious so
we're gonna be there Friday night in
Tremont Utah that tree mountain I I'll
leave a link below
I'll leave a link below of where it's
going to be so if you want to come hang
out with us Friday night in Tremont Utah
we're gonna be inside the corn maze you
have to come buy tickets to the corn
maze because we're gonna help hook my
aunt Mel Club here and you guys have to
come in the corn maze and try to find us
how cool that be I'm going to have to
scare the crap out of people I want to
get a chainsaw one year my aunt and
uncle this is before we did the vlogs I
feel like they gave me the job to stand
there with a chainsaw without the blade
on it and what they did is they dug a
hole in the ground and they put a
mattress in the hole and then they put
like hay or straw over the mattress so
as soon as they walked through this part
of the corn maze I would just like fire
this chainsaw like wingman right as I
stood on this mattress so they're
freaking out scared and all sudden the
ground beneath you is like this weird
spongy stuff so like half the people
would fall down on their backs and I'd
be standing over with the chains I want
to breathe into day with this Jason mask
on it was hilarious it's so scary to
hear a chainsaw but there's no blade on
it so I can't cut you but you still see
the like the chainsaw arm and it's
dark you see a Jason mask and dude
chasing with a chainsaw and you fall on
a mattress it's gonna be fun so come
hang out with us it's gonna be fine you
my guy you won't die you just get scared
just get real scare takes time another
few toes back I did look at you you're
being such a good big brother ready for
a walk yeah alright I'm gonna go for a
walk it's really cold it's beautiful hey
it's okay
we're just hanging out with a bunch of
crazy dude oh you're jealous and you're
gonna be on camera solely on my back so
you don't even hear on you're trying to
get me camera give it got me area it's
alright oh nice you're so funny
I know he's really getting her personal
pieces about what I'm full of it like
you baby
I know this sounds like a joke but it's
not
we are going to keep having gaseous
speeches in Morpheus Iassogna sleepover
we will give your love our arts and
courage so baby hold on I just want to
say we can't stay at school every day
we won't wake up the babies and really
the teachers aren't as smart as us and
our lovely parents am i right so I made
this wrap yeah yeah yeah let's go oh I
hate school yessiree so you can see we
hate school and you
can teach us history we will and we will
not with the pink we live next to each
other so we can have sleepovers so can
we please have a seat okay so one two
three hell no no pick that up right now
the kids are asking they have a
sleepover
we don't know school night okay what
they do how many notes they write how
many songs they rap they're not having a
sleepover on a school night McFly hello
McFly hello is anybody in there all
right
dogpile and uncle Casey you guys can get
Casey to scream mercy then you can have
a sleepover
oh the pile of children who will be
victorious
Oh Jackson scared all right you guys
can't make him say rusev no sleepovers
tonight it's a school night you gotta go
to sleep on skew line okay so we need to
do some yoga what's it called
Admiral yoga huh dude Jesse and Jeana
been doing it forever
they're like YouTube's top yoga couple
hey Jesse and Jeana I have a question
for you
would you say that by doing couples yoga
it has strengthened your relationship me
and Zeke would like to know that because
me and Zeke are looking at taking our
relationship to another level we've been
doing couples hot yoga together but we
didn't know if we started doing a bro
yoga like you guys doing the beach it
would strengthen our relationship but no
serious Jesse and you know that's a
serious question do you guys think that
your relationship has gotten better
because you from doing couples yoga
alone I was gonna ask you that it ways
so we also got challenged babe how many
I wanna do with you not Zeke we also got
challenged by gern and Ellie cuz they
did it they challenged us we haven't
even done it babe we got to do it good
doesn't this seek that was a good
position anyways
honey ray would she go babe
you believe I just left me next anyone
dude couples yoga with Daddy love you
guys here check this out dude is mobile
you go anywhere you want can't you yeah
you're like an old man with a walker
except for you can like put finger foods
on that thing the Stuart just
like cruises all over this house on this
thing good thing it's all wood floors
huh ready go go for ride I'm go for a
little ding here it goes it's like Fred
Flintstone around the bone around goes
that touch I was downstairs yesterday
I'm like what is that rolling who's
skateboarding upstairs I was freaking
out like we just did those fours little
Baxton just cruising around getting
around being mobile yeah gonna be
walking pretty soon you'll need that
thing we can put in the garage hey who's
this this is a TV installed salesman oh
babe I have to do yoga with you
no we have to forever are new to me
all right so Brett's here you guys know
who bread is Brett is actually in the
comments whose bread you want to be in
the vlog does that bother okay so we're
about to unleash this beast this is
gonna be the Super Bowl party TV what is
the stats and dat's on this bread
where's this TV so it's 2160 quad-hd sit
a 9 inch 3d TV 4k 4k all four of those
or those I heard a 5k just came out is
that true you know I heard 5k on that
what how many caves were good it's like
there's gonna be 52 kg I can see that
next chest is is gonna again one year
from now this giant expensive TV is
gonna be I don't know if I know what
you're talking about
let's not approve of this purchase
everybody but we're gonna we're gonna
see if we can get it up here Brett it's
a hundred and fifty pounds yes okay
there
oh is it yeah it's an 80-inch and it's
3d also and it has internet and it makes
waffles come here don't mind us here we
go
yeah me too baby
knock it off okay wait let's hold it for
send us your best couple yoga ponies
like luck like why don't you get wet
look rough the drugs up there hey who's
next I'll set up under the shoulders go
up his head that's good at the court
what are you doing Stanley
jump up one to see Joe turn around
check on that okay let's do that let's
get that done
ready go up one leg one two maybe just
go just up up all right look
that's not mine what do you hear it is
this secure pull on and the a kind of
busy right now
hello we got a good we didn't get a wee
bit used to be able to do it for four
minutes
no we're doing this let's do this one
time your feet that we need to get Bravo
job CD imagine hundred three minutes get
up here
yeah we'd have to pick that up yeah look
everybody one two three jump
ten days what grab the tooth sorry Sam
Scout head town to see Joe put the area
tomorrow for the Chatham sound trick
look at the wall look at the wall see
you all scare the wall hey oh ha ha ha
we just made up a song alright let's see
this TV a styrofoam fight oh snap um
your mom is not gonna be happy about
that
don't do that No hey we might need that
yeah we can't send it back now can't
break the styrofoam wow I can't wait to
see this thing okay cut to two hours
later this was not easy to get this
mount on this wall because this TV's
pretty big honey why'd you such a big TV
really uh-huh
Super Bowl Sunday is gonna be awesome
that made me do it
Brett said I had to do it that is gonna
be quite the viewing experience do you
like it babe well thank you judge
put your arms out as wide as you can
Brett you can watch far away far and
away yeah that's a big TV baby you're
not pretty right no I like your outfit
are you pregnant what just the way that
shirt is I guarantee it yeah I like
sticks out she's not pregnant oh yeah
maybe she's pregnant I don't know check
the next couple walls by now yeah watch
us for the next nine months to find out
you have to watch nine all nine months
oh I want it turned on this is taking us
two and a half hours was it a Z that's
all it cost this TV was $27 we got a
really good deal
so I'm lucked out under 30 bucks for an
80 inch TV it's pretty good deal I
thought I just don't want to spend a lot
on a TV yeah so yeah I think it's it'll
work he's gonna have a price oh yeah I
mean with the technology they have no
yeah if I say Chinese can be like you
know that was normally 90 bucks but I
got 427's markdown that's a good deal
dad I'm serious about those couple yoga
poses send us some I want to see some on
Twitter I want to get really good at it
let's always scared though she's afraid
she's gonna fall I would catch her with
my strong in buses so thanks for
watching today's vlog click on the
yesterday blockly on it feeling lucky
button any formal shakers doing one two
three four five years ago today click on
those buns to videos I just uploaded a
one-take video about our
UNICEF we're trying to raise money Paul
G Allen the co-owner of Microsoft is
matching dollar for dollar every single
penny that is raised by team UNICEF for
the New York City Marathon he will match
it so we are trying to stop Ebola and
raise it as much money as possible in
the next 48 hours so click on the link
below to see that video click on the
mystery button to see the shayloss video
where we did a running montage of the
stairs in the Holt arena it was a lot of
fun and just click on click click on
that and click on this and click on that
and everywhere clickety clickety
clickety clack liked it a lot about
seabird bar by
