hey guys shaycarl here this is a bonus
one take video I'm just sitting here
editing today's Shaytards vlog and I
just got an email marked urgent I was
like you know what I need to talk about
this I need to appeal to you guys I want
to ask you guys for help so let me just
tell you real quick bear with me I'll
probably delete this video later but I
just I really kinda want to do a PSA
right now and I want to talk about this
so here's what I want to talk about a
lot of you guys know that me and my
sister Carly and my best friend's Derek
and hi i'm ron and ethan newberry we're
all running the New York City Marathon
we are doing it for UNICEF UNICEF
is a charity that helps women and
children around the world and we have
committed to raise thirty hundred thirty
five hundred dollars apiece so me Ron
Carly Derick and Ethan all five of us
have committed to run the New York City
Marathon for the charity UNICEF but part
of that commitment is that we have to
raise thirty five hundred dollars so
we've been doing that we're getting
close I think Ethan hit the mark we made
a podcast where we talked about matching
dollar for dollar all the money that was
raised up to thirty five hundred bucks
and I just got this email from UNICEF if
you don't know what UNICEF is it stands
for the United Nations Children's Fund
it is a United Nations program its
headquarters in New York City it
basically provides long-term human
humanitarian and developmental
assistance to children and mothers in
developing countries
another thing about UNICEF is it's a
good charity you know the money that you
donate is going to a good cause because
there's actually a thing called the
Charity Navigator which kind of helps
people understand which charities are
legit and it ranks them the Charity
Navigator provides in-depth analysis of
transparency or transparency and
financial ethics of top Charities around
the world and the American fund for
UNICEF is one of the highest rated
charities for both accountability and
transparency as well as financial
responsibility it's rated at four stars
which is the highest rating so I just
got this email from UNICEF and they are
changing where the donations go to so I
want to read this email to
really quick so this is from the founder
the CEO of UNICEF that just sent me this
email marked urgent and I'm just gonna
kind of read it to you right it says I
am writing this to you today to let you
know that after much consideration we
have decided to earmark all funds raised
from the 2014 team UNICEF New York City
Marathon towards the Ebola emergency in
West Africa we should also note that all
fun all funds raised by Team UNICEF
runners will be matched dollar for
dollar by Paul G Allen the dude that has
a lot of money this guy is the
co-founder of Microsoft I think he owned
the Seattle SuperSonics for a while his
boat has been in the Shaytards logs
before you guys remember that giant
yacht that was parked like a mile out in
the ocean by Venice Beach have like
those blue lights
that's his boat anyways he's a really
really really rich rich guy and he's
gonna match dollar-for-dollar everything
that team UNICEF raises that's amazing I
think he's already donated like three
million dollars so you guys have heard
of this Ebola crisis it hasn't broken
out in America but it's definitely scary
a lot of people are worried about it the
way that we can ensure that that doesn't
happen that scary you know that thing
that could happen word Ebola spreads
throughout our country is to go stop it
across the you know the ocean says to
date nearly nine thousand cases are
confirmed including more than four
thousand deaths at the center of Disease
Control this is in places like Ghana
Nigeria sand gali all these places so we
are now switching to Ebola fundraising
and the next 48 hours UNICEF is going
hard on this they're doing like a social
media blitz they've asked everybody to
like let's like nip this in the bud
right now so I like spending rich
people's money you can spend my money
and Paul G Allen's money I have
committed to matching all funds raised
across the five of our team dollar for
dollar so we need to get up to thirty
five hundred dollars so if you guys get
it to thirty five hundred dollars I'm
gonna match that across the entire team
for our team UNICEF so let's help out it
goes to a good cause if you only donate
one dollar you're
actually donating $3 because I'm gonna
I'm gonna do I'm gonna match your dollar
and Paul G Allen is gonna match your
dollar so we are running the New York
City Marathon
November 2nd if you're in New York we
want to meet you guys there's actually
gonna be 8 stations UNICEF aid stations
that you guys can meet us at so please
help us raise the money right now links
are below for all five of us Derick has
really worried you guys he's been
sending me texts he sent me a text he's
like hey I'm huge on YouTube I have
raised $35 so you guys go donate to
Derick he feels really bad because
everybody has raised way more money than
he has and he has only raised I think 35
bucks so he's like sad and he feels like
he's like really slacking on the team so
please I'll put all five links below
we're gonna match it you guys help us
out and let's help stop Ebola and raise
money for a good cause with the charity
that you can count on that will do the
right thing with your money if you can't
donate don't feel bad it's fine
help us by tweeting this out put it on
Facebook and we're excited to run this
marathon I'm pumped we just ran 11 miles
and I'm feeling the adrenaline okay I'm
going back to editing the vlog just
don't worry bon vlog I have like 18
minutes we like 18 minute blogs day it's
gonna be good okay
love you guys I'll pray take this down
after the marathon but I just wanted to
get out there and do the social media
blitz for UNICEF okay thanks guys love
you back click on that show more button
right beneath this video and you will
see all the links for our team thanks
guys I appreciate the support
