Shay I love you I miss Ellen touch your
bum Shay I love you I miss Ellen touch
your bum sharable hello good moaning it
is 5:30 4:00 a.m. we are here on the
streets of Taranto with Carly cross tree
I've been doing do the Carly walk way
too early but that doesn't last exam
that's what it is yeah Charles is
slightly empty here there's nobody I
know look this is but a haircut oh god
don't know never mind no handstands
there's cars kind of watch Carly oh my
god damn that's good footage so that was
awesome
buffer fest was amazing it is Monday
morning at 5:30 ma'am buffer fest just
kidding my friends we going to the
airport to the airport yeah it was a
plot it okay all right so we're
splitting ways once again Charles is
headed to Florida we're going to Idaho
running for the CEO is fun let's
pointing it out let's do the tower
together
I'm blocking see you safe see you soon
safe see you say Facebook love you there
he goes our buddy
I love you hey guys so um today was a
day of meeting so I've been a baker all
day in different various meetings and
then Ali's like you what we need we need
to go to the mall
we're at the mall the happiest place on
earth for women for women and this is
weird I'm childless and I have a date
and we smell like a million different
fragrances we do like this we'll be
delivering vanilla coconut some kind of
Sully aqua 3 thingy and uh yo knees skip
a walk-by is like whoa I need to be
doused in Lysol so we were sniffing hope
you were sniffing things in the other
store or in Follette we're doing what
they tell you not to do in school we're
hopping we're trying to lose every
perfume in here I think and this one
actually I don't know what I'm smelling
but it was smelling correctly it's
amazing I'm starting to get it that one
is Daisy
dream if you like that I just wish it
wasn't like eight hundred dollars I know
dang it it's like eight hundred dollars
for the next two weeks you might and
then you can smell good and then it
sucks when you get a cut like you think
you like a perfume and then you get it
and then later you're like I'm six this
perfume is making music that's happened
to me before too so usually it's better
to test something put it on yourself at
the store then go home and if you still
like it then maybe you should get it but
if you don't anymore he's because I'm
pretty doesn't work look at these these
are so pretty pretty but sometimes we
get them home i nutted know where we go
carried his leash through the thing good
that dog sat there I didn't get the
camera out in time but he sat there
right until the lady told him to come
through then he picked up his leash and
carried it through that's awesome you do
it again
good doggy good morning airport security
look at all these people
Karlie's given style tips to the
grandmas in the airport hey this is the
only problem I have with Halloween look
outfit for women wait what what what oh
really no you want me to wear what I
don't think so come on ladies come on we
can do better and leopard kitty and I'm
sorry I think that's your Halloween
costume a super glad they made that for
me I'm pretty sure they did and I'm
pretty sure on the bag it says alley cat
oh come on guys that's not what I look
like but kinda okay mostly I look really
good marketing team they're just this
terrible we're always playing jokes on
me
I like these countertops I'm in the
Toronto Airport and like that grain
that's cool guys like green color tops
like it looks cool I like something
looks unique all right we're headed to
Denver after Denver were headed to Salt
Lake
after Salt Lake we're gonna go get
Carly's car and drive right directly
into the loving arms of my beautiful
wife I love you baby
oh it's a baby bub oh it's cute I see
baby bumps I just have to touch him guys
I'm sorry I mean that's not creepy it's
just a mom thing true we have to touch
Billy about but it's true baby well tell
you if it was a creepy bum touch not a
creepy one
at least not this time it's my you're
dating Luke I was like totally bum
touching some other people and it was
inappropriate
sorry I have this problem guys Oh Shay I
love you I miss out and touch your bum
wait I didn't say that
oh you guys it's Canada outside look I
can see my breath watch
yeah
it's Canada well listen Canada we had a
blast it was gorgeous here tell right
now it's rainy you freeze it for some
reason you get warmer if you bend your
knees and moms like do the karlie walk I
can see my breath this us right here
just walking out here on the tarmac
check it out
you later Toronto we're headed back to
America let's go to America let's go to
the United States hey you guys know how
I say to touch the outside of the plane
to ensure a safe travel well the way to
really really make sure you're safe is
if you scratch the belly of the plane
give a little scratch scratch scratch
scratch scratch scratch they like that
that makes it feel good today we are
filming for Mommy & Me
we're here with no ducky pants hi
everybody
hi you can so cuddly today this is my
favorite thing she kisses she's kidding
any pieces that's a good kick that's a
typo
meantime she is hurt her heart was hurt
she did it I'll settle down an hour you
can see your face you're a troublemaker
she's a troublemaker oh my goodness so
so broke our hangout in Costco and he
knows that we can talk to Daddy on the
phone and he got really excited now he's
Hickey Popkin
all of our children miss you you need to
come home right now I love you oh my
goodness so that was one of those
moments where the kids were just getting
crazy and the baby was freaking out
and I pulled out my phone and he's sort
of getting excited because we talked to
Shay a few times over the phone and so
then I called Shane and he was so happy
are you happy to talk to Daddy you miss
him huh daddy kisses what is he dead to
come save me yes
you on the place
we see the world
all right you guys
I was just trying to be important
that dough terrible
and I held it up to the
don't be funny a little boil up and the
snow would come down
mist of this just with my eyes
with a mist of pepper
just went straight my eyes
so I can't show what you're doing to get
it out
Shea's over here trying to baptize
himself on the plane this week
the pinky
the redness
Oh
okay
it's wearing off
I just plug peppermint doTERRA oil in
both of my eyes so stupid do not do that
my gosh just like I was pepper-sprayed I
think I know what it feels like to be
pepper spray I cannot I just Bernie
Tennant feels refreshing now like wait
all right
that has got to be like one of the top
five stupidest things I've ever done
it's like I thought it was like I love
the smell of the peppermint cuz you know
the plain kind of stink so Carly got
this doTERRA oils like oh sweet and I
thought oh if I hold it up to the vent
that's blowing down and like blow this
nice smell this nice aroma peppermint
aroma into my face
two of the drops hit that wind and it
turned into a mist and just hit my
eyeballs and just started burning I
couldn't open my eyes for five minutes I
was like the most claustrophobic scary
Burnie like I know what it feels like to
be pepper sprayed in the face I feel
better now I feel like refreshed and
awake that's crazy all right now we have
to get our flight to Salt Lake City yeah
we did it we went to another country and
made it back to America we're alive
nobody in Canada killed us never get
their bags yeah and all our stuff Ronnie
how was your flight it was good pretty
amazing to hear people speaking English
you know the Canadian accents really
hard to understand it's like a cultural
playing cultural shop good to finally
feel the earth under my feet that
American soil
I realized yesterday in our volume entry
panel that I said that this is the new
American dream to 500 Canadians so if
you were at the vlog you mentoree panel
yesterday I apologize it's the Canadian
dream it's that you know do what you
love to do for a living dream that was
the original American dream I guess
we're owning your own business what is
the definition of the American dream
starting out on your own starting your
business make working for yourself that
what it is yeah working for yourself
clearly you live in the American no boss
where can do with these two
yeah yeah we're living the American ok
now we're driving tide out
hi we're all sad
in my case mess you know
ha ha are you happy not giving you
attention on the camera yeah you wanted
some attention so the house is still
kind of a mess down here but the
kitchens clean so I'm gonna go show you
the kitchen we're waiting for dad what
honey
Eddie wait dad I got this under the bed
she found a fruit snack that we hid from
her but you still can't have it the
sugar Queen does not need any more sugar
we're trying to go back to the no sugar
during the weekend this pure heart nice
guy nice ride huh oh no you have it at
least you could have it today because
it's Halloween today no mom it's not
Halloween today but it will be who will
be eventually the kitchen's somewhat
clean you guys think somewhat clean the
dish is starting to beat right away
we're not having any sugar no Freddy and
for mom to go throw away everything that
has sugar in it well you know yep I'm
tired
where's daddy uh mom say daddy come home
daddy
I loves you I knew you like your buddy
more than your daughter
yeah get out get out get out get down or
drunk it down brought you to scratch Oh
No Oh feels so good to be home I missed
you guys so I got this book at Costco
don't tell me if it that that the new
one I'm so excited
who is it no way that is so cool I was
just hanging out with that guy dude
that's awesome Charles and Allie most
consecutive daily personal video blogs
on YouTube as may 6 2014 trouble strip
USA had posted 1031 daily blog on his
youtube channel internet killed
television during April Charles his
separation oh wow even talked about that
Wow crazy hey dude
he just hit 2,000 so if you're looking
to beat the consecutive daily vlog king
good luck to you that's a long time to
put a daily vlog up that is awesome one
of my best friends is in the Guinness
Book of World Records impressive I love
that book as a kid now I'm pissed that
we missed days we could be in this book
you guys aah-aah
we are not going to be they are they got
a double mention let's say most
consecutive dude oh yeah its Reagan
that's sweet right there next robbery
and pewdiepie for most subscribers shoot
ah most subscribed that is cool Atta kid
pewds here's P is furious pizza here
what for eaten or left him dude
youtubers are taking over
show me mr. furious Pete I made a video
on furious Pete I had a I had an eating
contest with a man who's in the Guinness
Book of World Records
I lost it was with watermelon that's
disappointing
there is furious Pete Guinness world
record book that do can eat that guy's
eating hot peppers that's sweet dude
2015 congratulations all my friends
Charles and Ally Pete that is awesome
PewDiePie youtubers
now where's my wife I need to make out
with hot woman woman hey woman trying to
hide from me woman I'll make out with
you a new hat gotta go by then after
that she touched my bum lock she said
she's gonna do a good film that part cuz
that have been rated R we don't really
do that ear thanks for watching I am
back home it feels so good
ah there's nothing better than being
with my family it's this weird feeling I
don't know just when we're all together
it just like it locks in and we just
turn into this like I don't know like a
superpower team like like all engines
are on you know anyway I just love my
family good to be home had a lot of fun
in Canada but uh nothing better than
being home so check out yesterday's blow
we click on a pin and thank you bite in
the oil it was $1.00 doing uno dos
cuatro Cinco Cinco says click on Dan
have a great day see the bar oh oh
