hey guys shaycarl here coming at you
live from an airport it's really loud in
here but listen I have something really
cool that I want to tell you so a lot of
you guys are like Shane I'm your biggest
fan I tattooed your face on my chest
don't do that actually have a lot of a
way to find out not necessarily who's
the biggest Shaytards fan but who has
the knowledge who knows the Shaytards
trivia so I've teamed up with my buddies
at Geico for a special Shaytards trivia
game so you know how Geico has those
like did you know ads like did you know
that owls really aren't that wise at the
guy Alice born like that's fine all
right so going along with that same did
you know theme there's going to be a
hashtag did you know Shea for instance
did you know that I owned my own granite
countertop business before I started
YouTube hmm so I'm going to ask you
right now three random Shaytards trivia
questions and here's how you win the f
to reply to me on Twitter at Chez Carl
with hashtag did you know Shea so I'm
going to ask you these questions right
now and you have to tweet me one tweet
do not spam my feed ladies and gentlemen
just one tweet we are watching we have
somebody that is searching all of the
Twitter so we're gonna see you you're
gonna pick at random three people we're
gonna get a shout out and get the answer
right remember you have to reply to me
on Twitter with hashtag did you know
Shea alright so here's the first
question
for my 33rd birthday what kind of cake
did mommy tart make me question 2
we have a dog his name is Zeke he's a
giant Great Dane but we weren't going to
name him Zeke what were we going to name
him originally question number three all
right this is going to be the heart the
first two I feel like we're kind of easy
question number three is within the last
six years on the Shaytards channel baby
tart has spilled fingernail polish on
the carpet in that vlog mommy tart uses
what two items to remove the fingernail
polish from the carpet I'll give you a
hint one of those items is window
cleaner
what is the second item okay so we're
going to pick you guys at random if you
get all three of them right then maybe
you'll be the one that's selected but
we'll just pick them around okay so
tweet me
no all three answers or just once when
everyone's you know thanks to my buddies
at Geico for sponsoring this trivia game
I think it's gonna be a lot of fun we're
gonna give a lot of you guys shout outs
and then I got some of my best buddies
from YouTube and we started a band
called Red Jumpsuit Apparatus and then
we hung from the very tallest building
all of the country of Canada look wow
guys check out that view huh yeah that's
still pretty high up actually and I can
clearly shows now to hold on to that
writing anybody yeah excellent
hey guys you see that camera just there
so we just stopped at that camera okay
don't go any further
excellent I need you to stand right back
into the middle of the platform please
thank you okay guys welcome to the edge
walk hey excellent guys we are currently
standing three hundred and fifty six
meters that's 1,000 168 feet 116
building stories above the ground or
just very high up if you want to think
about it like that
guys below your feet right now is the
360 revolving restaurant so if you
happen to smell anything yummy it's not
your imagination it's just coming from
down there and above your heads you will
see the skypod observation deck that's
another 31 storeys above us just take a
quick sneak peek over the edge for me
don't put your toes over though don't
put your toes over they thank you so
much right shut up you come bud
oh my nobody you can do
I'm gonna kill you wrong you can do that
nice and steps up for me you got it you
got it
nice one I usually share spark there you
go there you go oh nice one excellent
so just your toes okay buddy so like
pretty much your account for the
sorbonne I dress by tome excellent and
no leaving either that's lovely
that's lovely now walk yourself back my
feet right you'll be absolutely fine
it was great and are you done it so not
looking better perfect
give me a double high-five well I
thought songs okay how's that it's great
for taking it look down for that please
also let's say therefore we ready to the
best for our silent racing say no you
still sound and work yourself back love
your stuff so do give me the mic get a
little bit more comfy for me pop those
shoulders back don't sway just stay nice
and still for me I take a look upstairs
all right guys grab those ropes want to
save that back into the center of the
platform for me
excellent toss has been an awesome
volunteer for the past two activity I
thought that we should give him a round
of applause
excelente Pat I'm going pass the torch
all the way down to the end to shell
forget those toes up to that second
second line that way no I've got any
extra as well
fabulous bring yourself back and
function excellent thanks so much
Oh beautiful
hi guys why don't you come out and join
him you can do this one all together
guys whoa now guys grab bears right
bring yourself stuck in for me it is the
worst is a massive round of applause I
get a mortgage a justice thank you
whoops
awesome guys too late I'm blogging
already
Jay put that away congratulations to
Charles Trippy on two thousand blogs
seen you for six years six years listen
leave see that is amazing you know you
all right listen believe you know I said
leech is Charles mm I do
okay gosh and he got a cat forever
that's cool we're going to screen right
there are some cases six years
bow-bow he's you know go team zipser
that's that's old-school YouTube right
there oh it's Christmas time
you're gonna shout is good bye your
Jesus genius okay
all right guys do you think it sound
like you're not here my gosh like one
foot so like put your legs up though all
right guys the end of day 2000 is here
and I just want to end it the proper way
with all these people take away which
one of you things inhibit first all
right we have
ginga-dono about to happen here in the
green room at buffer festival 2014
that's what we do backstage we make
dominoes at a jig a giant these are
giant 2x4 Jenga size blogs a moment of
truth to what here we go here we go here
we go here we go here we go get it get
it oh oh it's both dip in the water
Oh would you like some water my friend
here you go thank you very refreshing
sherry
it was like he could do it until you put
the Block on his Louie can it we just
take that from the top one more time I'm
I'm rolling on this one now risk your
wrist don't break your arm or something
no dang can you take your shirt off into
that real quick this one is real fast
you put your dreads down take your shirt
oh my do it do it
Nadine don't encourage him he's gonna
hurt himself
I'll try it yeah man but like
oh nice nice okay I'm gonna break my
nose
I must allow the balls Carly was the
insurer a lot your wife answers to watch
you okay watch me do this oh that's some
designer Jake it's good we brothers
circuit right on comfort I know just box
jump it try to jump straight up on it
Louie do a backflip and land on it oh oh
nice and then we have to build another
Jenga stack in his hands and then
Louie's gonna stand on that one this is
gettin thanks to the insurance of buffer
festival we can try whatever we want in
the green room all right you guys
Charles is doing his meet and greet
right now and what we're about to do is
to go ruin it
no we're gonna run out on the stage
let's just go sneak up by in terms
Lucky's gonna meet me right now
you're not shushing we're in line to
meet Charles because maybe today is
Charles Trippy mm video we're at buffer
fest he's my favorite youtuber nervous
we can see redesign you have a question
ready no like you about you been
watching this videos for five years
that's the same thing that has a banjo
in my scale sorry control of you get
like leave there's blue tape get on the
bouquet Lou Taylor getting closer I was
gonna wear that shirt today I forgot I'm
a failure I brought that sure
specifically to where it is viewing it I
forgot it yeah I'm on it next I like
your boots
thank you no I don't know Leah person
yeah I met Charles
okay yeah all right thanks for coming
above professors she told me not okay
bye
that wasn't Louise all right last night
and buffer fest Thank You Dana oh we
should call that it day I'm gonna go get
my Jeep we're headed to the TIFF
lightbox theater right now to do the
very last screening we're gonna do on a
panel on vlog you meandering it talked
about it clueless totally I totally
thought you were the clueless girl you
totally work that was you you're so
clueless we're headed in right now are
you guys bloggers they're vlogging we
just met these guys hi guys
oh hi spike too many hands video we are
here at buffer festival we are at the
vlog inventory screening alright this is
the microphone and we're about to do a
Q&A hey everybody hey everybody we do
some serious QA we're shooting more of
the movie right now we're just telling
these guys but you guys need to be
informed as well we're still making the
movie right now you guys read to be in
the movie sorry you weren't here come
next year I'm trying to sell tickets for
you next thank you right I would
definitely say buffer festival 2014 was
a huge success I am definitely going to
be back next year so stay tuned when
next year rolls around those tickets go
for sale they sell out fast but they are
doing buffer festival 2015 so I can't
wait to come back to Toronto thanks for
watching a guys I am beyond excited to
go home and see my wife how long has it
been I think it's been nine days I don't
know is he four five six maybe seven
maybe 3000 days anyways I am going home
to my wife tomorrow and we will kiss Pat
I'm lying to you I'm actually here right
now I already kissed her I'm lying but
tomorrow you will see the kisses okay I
love you guys bye Tina Mara
