hello welcome today's Shaytards vlog I
want to let you know there's three
different types of footage there's
Colette footage at the Mom's view their
shape footage travelling to Toronto and
last is there some baby tard footage I
want to tell you about the baby tard
footage so she found this old flip cam
you'll see like an opening scene they're
digging oh I actually know the first
couple clips were still in California
she found this old flip cam that the
like the front lens of it was broken out
so I didn't think it works so I'd always
just see her just carrying this flip cam
like vlogging but the battery was dead
so you'll see the clips always die
because the battery keeps dying I just
thought it was interesting to see
vlogging ankles from baby turns point of
view I just woke up
let's watch the Shaytards vlog roll the
intro hi I am Cleopatra I don't know
what this is it's a snake
like oh hello and now I'm Danica Patrick
yes you are I need some grease on my
face that's a sexy Danica pen I'm
racecar driver ray firewalker I feel
like I need to be from the south Oh
Meghan that's Bailey the thing to do and
your baby is just so adorable thank you
oh yes it was a really good one I was
gonna give you good smiles who died like
a shame I'll be dead do you like her
shiny I'll bet the specifics we're
getting ready to film our Halloween
episode of the moms view oh my gosh
you do look amazing I love that I love
their pajamas and angel looking yeah I
love it I love that you're too tooth
flashing yes you like that oh my gosh
she's makeup looks that's amazing yeah
ah you're awesome yeah yeah she is she
knows it
the pie this is the beginning don't
worry it'll look better all right we're
getting ready to fill in the Halloween
episode I'm excited to do this one I
know some of what our topic is gonna be
but I'm not gonna tell you guys you have
to go watch it or coming out my life I
have to have tape that tapes are mics
that or like tapes the dresses anyways
it's boob tape ruff what are their I
didn't know your boob tape don't act
like you didn't want to smell it I'm
gonna sell it anyway I'm gonna sell it
on eBay I love love love so cute oh my
gosh best they did a really good job
they did a really good job was it
Britney here your mouth yeah yeah it
says this is a leopard or cheetah I
don't know but I'm Cleopatra
so you're my pet oh I'll mount it later
finally really--it Cleopatra riding the
cheetah can we talk about what's going
on I just love it whatever it is thank
you exactly whatever it is whatever
color you're the color Mary I love it
thank you
it's the best wig in the world Oh shoo
II have to see the shoes all they are
did you see my shoes or knocking
balancing oh look and you're carrying
twins oh yeah when these boys come out
they're gonna be like what mom yeah
maybe I need to be ready
can my baby have a long day today huh
say hi Daddy we miss you
Hey hi Gavin Avia Emmy I'm back I miss
you
is doing all right we just finished
filming two episodes of the moms - and
she now we're headed to chars odds to
hang out she invited us over for dinner
I actually with all this makeup on I
know I tried to get some of it office -
no I look like a tranny people chair so
don't worry I do that's gonna be great
shot me drinking them out here's to the
marathon - the marathon tears
anybody know that guy look you can
almost see the sweat on my cheek from
the perspiration because I'm just a bit
too chubby way to people by the people
for Bo and the doggies I've got my
passport my voice is my passport please
verify me name that movie anybody
anybody I'm going to Kannada Kannada
Kannada I come - yo Kannada it's a
national anthem um I just cried in the
garage that's liberating to be able to
say man I had an overwhelming day and
then I just got back home it's 11
o'clock at night I have to pack my bags
for Toronto supposed to make a brand
deal for this thing I'm supposed to be
making a brand deal for that I was
supposed to send to him yesterday at
noon it's today at midnight I said I
didn't send it I am completely
overwhelmed and you know what I've
decided like I'm like this is my life
every day like well I usually have no I
mean here's what I'm trying to say
Colette my wife she is like a she
regenerates me I just realized that when
I get in these moments when I'm stressed
out and I'm overwhelmed I'm just going
like hugger and tickler and just we'll
hang out together and I feel refreshed I
feel like all that stress and all the
like I gotta get this something like
this done and I guess I'm just
overwhelmed because I'm you know taking
care of four kids and it's you know
trying to get everything else done and
then being
mom and dad I thought today I almost
tweeted I wanted to tweet this phrase
holy Sh I swear word shout-out to you
single parents out there cuz being both
a mom and a dad and doing all this by
yourself especially with like more than
one kid with four kids it is taxing just
you know there's so much stuff so many
little things shoes and socks and you
know Gavin an AVR gray they help out a
ton but just you know we gotta get to
cheer you know we got to get here we're
gonna do this and anyway so I didn't
film anything you don't care you don't
want to hear my excuses but what I
wanted to say is take anything from this
this little one whatever I had a pack
still fight who is that my wife no it's
not dang it find that person who can
like be a refresher to your soul you
know that person that when you're with
it's like no matter what's happening
around you it's like when you lock in
with that person
nothing else matters and it just it's
kind of like this Zen thing or this year
this uh
you know when you get when you do yoga
or when you do meditation and you just
like clear your mind it's kind of like
that almost where it's like you're just
in that moment with that person and then
everything else goes away and it's not
as bad and I just feel refreshed by that
person they're out there you just got a
search and got to be picky but I miss my
wife I love you babe
even I remember I loved when we were
broke poor just so poor and we'd be
laying in our bed so freaking poor and
we would just laugh we just hug each
other and laugh and be like at least we
have each other that was like so
comforting just to know like we can't
pay our bills but it's like we have each
other right here right now that was I
like those moments like those are good
memories they sucked at the time but
those I those are some very fond
memories of my relationship with my wife
those early years of marriage and really
feeling broke and just like how we're
gonna do this and what are we gonna do
and you know at least we have each other
that's why when people are like we want
to wait till we're financially stable
before we get married I'm like do it do
gather like be a team like go through
all that together and that's what like
really strengthens the relationship
trust me anyways I'm babbling I have to
get ready to go to Toronto I am flying
out there today not tomorrow and I am
getting up a vlog and then I got to pack
my suitcase and I realized because I'm
the mom and the dad that I didn't do any
wash so all of my clothes are dirty and
it's midnight so I don't have any
clothes so I'm gonna go wash my clothes
I'm probably gonna do an all-nighter I'm
tempted to go down to the gas station to
get a 5-hour energy drink but the kids
are asleep so I can't so maybe I'll just
punch myself in the face repeatedly okie
dokie I'll see you in Canada tomorrow
I'm headed to buffer fests
none
everyone okay tell me
Julie hi yeah I watching the movie box
why would you go a baby card first time
in such a long time I have that is news
video many babies pregnant but you give
them to see something wait yeah that's
my notes are yaags dad gave it to be uh
hmm okay let's see that but not new
computers through that we're greater new
house and garage and headphones because
we're just about to uh we're such a whoa
yep Beth mom okay play a game we're
filming guys yeah so hello guys I just
on this phone
no I December's camera and the garage is
my camera my dad gave me but I'm gonna
see you later bye they're gonna run all
roughly the wrestling because my brother
just said I feel like wrestling that
look we're gonna sit
huh let's go coming okay we'll be out of
your way now music oh well there's no
vines so I guys so right now we're just
looking at our house and I'm gonna give
you a tiny turbine okay you're gonna
move please and giving them a tour max
so here's our fridge giant you're like a
honey and then here's the inside of the
freezer freezer and then I'm gonna shop
you can jump in the front see my trucks
at my front door open
there's like blood everywhere excited
front my truck like a disaster happen
and apparently one of them threw up
right in the middle of my center console
like a little throw up thing like what
the hell just have been Cheerios sorry
my camera failed so that I turned it on
I touched a little bit on so I'm gonna
shave this so there
there and started
all right here is swansea room
let's go what's it yeah the cat Velma no
no but it's bad for her
let me see this camera battery I need
battery how does dad know I have battery
I try to do backpack guide and building
and my face I'm doing good so we're just
swinging on the swing what'd you do
today
where's the swinging hello guys we just
on the swing and we're about to have
pizza my brother's turn trying to take
my camera - no no he's gonna take
forsakes hi guys
we just ran our guys so we're getting
some gas right now hi we're just putting
tag and play video if you're gonna put
this when I've done are you still
getting footage on this dude let me see
that
okay bye guys have you been filming on
this for a long time now what a real
vlogger see this so I'm gonna look at
this footage and see what baby turn has
on this thing and the camera died again
alright thanks for watching a sorry I
missed yesterday I was traveling to
Toronto I had to take a flight from
Idaho to Salt Lake Salt Lake to Dallas
Dallas to Toronto so it's on three
airplanes and it was a full day I will
however make a negotiation with you and
I will upload a video tomorrow so even
though it's Friday we will see you guys
on Saturday check out yesterday's vlog
click on afternoon lucky button oh wait
there wasn't yesterday's vlog shaded
orcas and then
like on those one two three four and
five year ago buttons subscribe my
calendar give me a kiss and thumbs up
this video you all giddy up I'm in
Toronto Canada oh oh also do not forget
me and hi I'm Ron are doing daily vlogs
on the shayloss channel we are getting
ready for this marathon so go check out
those daily shayloss vlogs and there's a
brand new podcast up click on a pin and
lucky button
