oh my goodness does it feel like we're
actually in a home like we're actually
living in a house with furniture and
nachos there's furniture and nachos II
know all right good morning the kids
have gone to school and me and my little
man are having a bowl of cereal
Humboldt surreal bud that good bowl of
cereal okay you're gonna go to school
and daddies and go to CrossFit okay okay
I'm gonna go lift weights and jump
around and play with jump ropes and
stuff like that cool Zico go outside
play with your buddies guys let me go
side I will put my buddy's got Peas I
won't beat them up okay hurry your
cereal I'm gonna go to school okay all
right let's go
okay I'm coming please note these mode
beast mode there's no juice no juice
look all right Trevor is going to watch
what is this Drive how much is this - 70
- 75 that's a lot of weight
got it you got this you got this do you
cut easy 195 here we go cool
there you go nice ok Trevor's going
again
295 pounds 295 clean-and-jerk
get it get it intimidated and
intimidated him you got this you got
this get it get get under it nice get up
have a kid right here let's see it whoa
that's far you're a good crossfitter you
do it backwards oh he's so daring
he's so daring job be fun check this
crew coming up the road Charice so he's
a race I win look at him coming up the
road from school looks like they brought
a friend home with them ah what are you
doing you guys have very bad news here I
come you have come and tell punch faces
over here you're getting rough through
school and dad said if he's outside then
you have to give me a million home and
then I said if you draw outside you have
to give me $100 and he wasn't outside so
he has to give me $100 hey I've just
lost $100 bet - baby Target no joke a
serious hundred dollar bet I just lost
so we just went to pick up Brock and
usually their classes in different
places so he signed him out and I'm like
come on let's go get Brock and she's
like why are you going outside like cuz
he's outside she's like no he's not what
if he's not I go I bet you a hundred
million dollars he's outside and she's
like oh uh
and she's like okay if he's at if he's
not outside you have to give me $100 I'm
like okay we shook on it
and then he was not outside and she is
so pleased with herself take it to the
bank to not bet people it is bad
all right ladies where you going
attendee guys what's that it stays it
whether you have egg toys for girls all
right there at the church your hair
looks cool tough alone in the wind okay
see you guys in an hour time what is
that Tiffany day it's like Scouts for
girls right yeah but there's not Girl
Scout they do like more activities and
earning stuff right
you think Scouts is better for activity
there no I'm open to it mhmmm me neither
so let's go with scouts right bro here
Scouts for life I just got a telephone
call exciting things are happening we
give you our furniture or couches today
grandma came over to help us such a nice
grandma vacuum in the floor do you like
that carpet I did I went to vacuum it
lowers it's so thick this is like the
one that we had in Los Angeles you guys
remember at the other house or this big
shaggy carpet there nice but you can't
vacuum in because they're too thick like
the vacuum gets stuck so we're about to
fill this room up with some furniture
Avia is helping out a lot doing the
dishes getting stuff done
VidCon people gave you thanks guys they
love those and the dogs are out here
eating food wrastlin there's a neighbor
dog we don't know we have like 18
neighbour dogs just show up watching a
vlogbrothers video we're about to make
dinner that makes me feel happy you got
a big ol rug to stretch out on yeah you
remember that's like the one in Los
Angeles it's comfortable huh big old
fluffy rug look at the way she does your
group
yeah avi is kicking butt in this kitchen
ladies and gentlemen you have quite the
Martha Stewart on her hands very
impressed she's done a great job
look she's getting some small Beyonc
some fruit ambiance out here that looks
tots special status that's something
special young lady who's texted me oh my
goodness does it feel like we're
actually in a home like we're actually
living in a house with furniture and
nachos there's furniture and nachos EW
grape juice and nachos all right we got
our new couches do you guys like them or
not you better say you like them because
we can't take them back
they're basically just big you know
comfy leather couches yeah they are
electronic like there's a button that
you hit the thing in the they recline
yeah Casey and Caylee basic we copied
them I think every one of these recline
actually except for that little thing
that's the thingy and this is request by
mommy tard that it rocks so this one is
a rocking chair so that when she has or
you know three more babies that we have
she can rock and walk she nurses
oh no we're not happen anymore maybe one
more I don't know all right
dinner time which is nachos not the
healthiest thing but there's some fruit
in the vicinity so if you guys don't eat
some this fruit it's not my fault it's
your fault and now we're getting there a
little bit
that's my favorite part of the day so
right now before we go to bed were just
doing a little cleanup
um nothing around me but the dishes and
we still need more murders and daddy
Nick gosh oh he's gonna love it he's
gonna love it it's gonna be delicious
and we also a parent of my decoration
and then there's another integration and
then we have depression right here and
all you organized
pantry oh yeah forgot about the pantry
so here we walk in these are where the
jackets go and here is like the lost and
found for shoes and then we go to the
pantry do your scene open pantry right
here another Fred they'll catch up in
some other stuff but lights don't know
what those serial and they got all the
things right here
and we got some more boxes in the back
some bags and I'll put this up over here
and then we have some goldfish natured
blocks uh code uh I guess you welcome
and I'm just seeing but where to put
that decoration not chip check here or
not Brad wheat apples
I think potatoes have to have potatoes
inside help and then this gross stuff
and then whatever that just grab harvest
and we got that hey that's a tour of our
pantry and then the laundry room is not
finished but did it on that's laundry
and over here I kind of organized it was
messier before but I didn't really
organize there's the keys is a board
okay got that
and then Oh Brenna chirp sure it's
pretty good hey guys you're gonna have
to give me a pass on this one
Colette's footage didn't come through
because she couldn't send it cuz she was
on set in Los Angeles on the moms view
so this is all footage I got for today
she was gonna send hers and probably
been double this long so we had to put
that footage in tomorrow I love you
we're hanging out with the kids hi i'm
ron erickson is here we have a new
podcast coming out tomorrow we just
filmed it it's a great podcast i think
you'll like it because we have a very
special announcement but you'll have to
wait for tomorrow and it comes out on
the podcast channel when the kids go to
sleep
Collette will be back in Idaho on Friday
but I leave to go to Toronto on Thursday
so I hope
see a lot of you at buffer festival and
I'm gonna do some runs in Toronto I'm
bringing Ron and Carly with me and we're
gonna definitely do some runs while
we're out there so if you're a runner
and you're in the Toronto area and you
are looking to go on a 10-mile eight to
ten mile run it'd be kind of cool to
have like a group of people in Toronto
go for a run but we got to do at least
ten miles so you gotta bail run a long
ways all right so thanks for watching
check out yesterday's blog click on that
feeling lucky button if you like cute
little dinosaurs notice you're doing one
two three four and five years ago you
can click on those corresponding numeric
beautiful faces that I created with my
bowels that's weird okay love you guys
see you tomorrow
