that looks fun brother oh it's free per
this doggy whoops whoops whoops Daisy
I'm sorry oops that is so satisfying
it's 647 in the morning 647 in the
morning time to go to school time to go
to school
time to go no New York with tick and
sides and English and the ridin yeah
yeah hey you guys I'm getting the kids
up for school what I'm doing mostly it's
just laying here and yelling at them to
get dressed
hey you kids you ready for school
come here let me see yeah did I do a
good job of getting you guys up and
ready for school today what is that
weird
gauge rocking the Hat this morning all
right go out to the bus stop love you
guys
have a great day bye love you Zeke love
be here aria oh great way to support the
company
love you bye guys
I need some of those pants it's freezing
right now like running outside is so
cold
oh look hit some camel ones so the kids
are all in school
I'm getting some warm clothes for my run
today because it's freezing out and it's
probably gonna be cold and we run the
marathon it's gonna be November in New
York I need to have some warm clothes to
run it in yeah ha ha ha we're headed
mama see her go alright I have a
sleeping baby and I have a Sicily to
watch him great reveal great reveal
so this is the animal garage this is
where all the animals hang out what do
you get in there kitty no don't get in
there you stay out of there
that's not your water look at the guys
Candice is refinishing this table this
is that giant table look at it all put
together it's like the Last Supper I can
fit a lot of offspring around that table
mama kitty how's your baby Kitty's doing
let's go see the baby kitties Georgie
the baby kitty this was he baby cuties
let's go to the baby kitties the kids
are mad because the kittens haven't
opened their eyes yet and we told them
they cannot touch them until their eyes
are open so every day they come out here
hoping that the eyes are open
oh it's just a pile just Oh protecting
them you protecting your pile of kittens
these dogs are actually pretty good they
leave them alone
look at her she puts her foot on them
these are my this is my pile of kitties
you're a good mommy
look at him they're doing good like
every time I come on here they're in a
giant like dog pile no fun get dogs cats
yeah no okay she's totally cool too
she's become friends what do you think
runks she's like you know I think I want
you to back up no nothing I'm not cool
with this Bronx you're gonna get bit if
you're not careful all right yeah there
leave the kitties alone let him sleep
come on bought that go outside yeah yeah
doggies yeah damn get you guys Ashley
just gave me the bestest gift
deirdre feel I love it
this blue color this blue I call
Collette blue is her favorite blue at
AACC and it looks so beautiful on her
you're so sweet here three I love you
right repeat and now we have to get
dressed for the for the shoot I don't
have to address I'm allowed to just
dress however I want my clothes that can
get barf time you're a good sport
I've worked I have a few babies it's
like a few different kinds of bar below
and hopefully I don't get pooped on
today
yeah hopefully but it could happen do I
have to you're the best all right
children it's just me and you
mom's gone it's just us again right
again this morning around she left this
afternoon it's not a big bunch of
bullcrap
would you guys classify that as a big
bunch of bullcrap yeah I would too what
are you reading
pick Robin Williams I saw that and I
felt like I should have bought it I did
buy it I saw that because it's
interesting but that man was hilarious
geez remember him well movies he wasn't
jasmine he was Aladdin he was the genius
it's museum not museum mrs. Doubtfire
you guys loved mrs. Doubtfire
did you like a curtain to display years
know what happened to him
why'd he die
here right he killed himself why I don't
know we don't know he was sad he's
depressed
I didn't give up and I don't know
sometimes people get sad and they kill
themselves they're probably a hobby with
themselves never know it's hard to know
why somebody does that we should just
love them and pray for me okay Oh
Jumanji Jumanji it's like the best one
all right we're going to get Brock you
want to show me your classroom gonna
show me what are you guys doing here
this looks like an awesome classroom
lots of fun stuff
where's your cubby here's Brock's cubby
he has own cubby and he made a
jack-o'-lantern and some who's that guy
who's this guy right here
who's that dude oh oh that's you you got
a huge head how'd your head get so big
just that way I like it do you like
school it's cool huh
all right give me five I love you all
right grandma has the kids you have your
beading tools no matter if you're you're
in arms distance you might get a slank
on the head that looks fun brother oh
it's free per mmm yeah this doggy whoops
whoops whoops sorry oops that is so
satisfied did you watch a pok√©mon's hey
let you guys go to dinner later see you
bro
see you dude love you love you Wow oh no
I'm getting tackled I'm getting tackled
by mom love you Oh nestles winning your
heart again with grapes so cute is so
cute oh yes you are
Oh
we might have you know even though his
sisters are jealous I got back from for
over about 2:00 in the morning on
whatever morning that was Sunday morning
and then we flew out this Friday morning
so I can't talk we got back from Provo
about 2:00 a.m. on Sunday night and then
flew out Monday morning so the kids
didn't even get to see dachshund this he
was asleep when they got up for school
and the girls were so bummed they're
like but I just want to kiss his face I
love how much they love their little
brother but he's sad that they didn't
get to see him so they're gonna love him
so much when we get back home on Friday
I'm so happy
the bunny Bay's at a little hug please
I want more grape I was next to don't
make me angry
you'll go like me what I think
got thirsty kid they're thirsty papi all
right so I'm put the kids to bed and
brush the teeth that's it's always the
tough one
getting them to brush their teeth why is
it it's not fun that's a kid you don't
like to brush your teeth do you why not
that's good for you you got a brush
you only get one set up Brock did you
brush your teeth okay
come on let's go get your butt out of
bed come brush your teeth you better get
up I'm gonna come pinch your butt will
count to three one two okay fencing your
button get out of bed get frigid days
right now come on you are Steve yeah you
did
that's good you brush your teeth get in
there rotten I owe Rufus oh I'm so proud
of you my obedient daughters listen to
me the girl get over here say you're in
trouble
all right let's brush those chompers
sorry you can't brush your teeth with
deodorant silly where's your toothbrush
okay the jokes over here come with some
difference yeah yeah use that just find
some random items good show do you have
something you'd like to say hey yep I
can't get some Florence cool on the
monkey bars you're going down the monkey
bars like I don't need to even touch
that one this skip right on by it yeah
that's what you do because your arms are
so long they call you the orangutan oh
by the way out the monkey buzz at school
you do how do you you're strong
they call you orangutan girl special box
my
tell me that she's in these at bar Venus
oh that's a good idea as a Barbie
necklace a little choker
good idea yeah you guys should be as
creative as your mom you know why cuz
your mom didn't have a lot of money when
she was a grown-up she had to get by
with little you guys are spoiled
you have way too much money here's an
eternity spell Bratz probably no no
promise I will not allow that they will
learn how to work what Emma texture-wise
and gotten through what what's the rule
don't judge us a lot so because we did I
heard there's allegations that you've
been touching the walls and Gavin's room
have you been I was jumping your dirty
rotten hands off the walls Rock dirt is
like he's the wall Nazi when it comes to
touching the walls because we just got
everything repainted so he told the kids
do not touch the walls keep your hands
off the wall when you're walking down
the hall and for some reason you feel
the need to drag your hand down the wall
don't do it resist the urge to drag your
grubby hands down the wall for whatever
crazy reason you think you need to walk
down the hole like this
and slide your whole hand down it do not
do that we just repaint it okay sorry
I'm skin a little antsy so wait on I got
to finish this story lately Brock every
time anybody comes close to the wall
ghost Did you touch the wall like no I
did not touch the wall then he just told
on a via AV it was touching the wall and
Gavin's room you had a title Co all
right show me show me where she touch to
do all your room no where's these
allegations being right here Wow
oh that's scary that's so scary yeah
look is it yeah ah kidding veggies I was
messing one bed
don't do all right
was it true did you touch the wall at
least you admitted to it all right let's
go let's say a prayer time for sleepy
time you wipe in your mouth and getting
it all cleaned off your good boy alright
back in bed kick your butt okay let me
help you out here let me help you out
all right putting kids to bed this is
easy
goodnight see in the morning hey I have
a question for you guys
have you noticed like any differences in
style like do people kids here think
certain things are cool that kids and I
didn't do not threaten face punches the
other said it all and I know they like
to wear jeans Ben California victim are
shorter so shorts in California what and
so did you upload my videos not yet
I will well Brooke what's with the
violence done burp in their faces
pants drivers like everything is Gina if
you say that is where he thinks party
milk John yeah he thinks our food jokes
are funny huh
okay we're safer what you're right quit
doing this all right going to bed I'm
gonna punch you in the face see I love
you too I'm not touching the wall get
off the wall touching the wall get away
from the wall
yes guys tomorrow
we miss you collectible I'm looking I
like we send help somebody cousin do the
end slice I put my gum right there you
see that so I undo the end slate we're
recording right now say hi guys say hi
everybody hi everybody
no no hi everybody alright so daddy
daycare day one is down I feel so glad
that there's only three more days this
is not an easy job of being a mom and a
dad and you know whatever blame complain
complain complain I'm as you collect
come home say mommy come home come on
mommy mama you hear that to cure the
innocent child's voice Collette waiting
for you begging why can't you come home
are you do good for your home just got
that text all right love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow click on yesterday's
ball click on a feeling like a button oh
oh
announcement AFV is gonna be and she do
I'm gonna make this announcement click
on the film lucky button really cool
video I just got to do it's the new
channel trailer for America's Funniest
Videos on their YouTube channel AFV
official go check it out click on the
link feelin lucky right there and go
watch the video it came out really good
ok that's it Gavin anything to say ok
bye yes mom I mean the things okay
Oh drugs sorry oh you're neat stitches
