hey guys here we are at Grandma's house
uh we were making this we're making this
gonna be four colors reveal like this
carriage or the water gun
see I picked up these toothpicks and
these I afford to pick seconds and I
wasn't even trying to pick them out and
it I just like totally just puts about I
wasn't even trying happiness is a choice
I mean guys my gosh needs a filming
action yeah see let me see
guys we're gonna go see mom and you
could be packing to go to Canada
hi hey you guys so Brock wants to vlog
for a minute do you want to go show them
our little baby kitty guys I know my
rooms a mess don't don't show um what is
that it's for Zeke
my mats cute yeah somebody made that for
Zeke that is so sweet
it definitely doesn't fit on your short
little cat and for some fly little flash
flash flash behind here flash or you
want here nope you guys see flash in
there
no oh they flash you were here no flash
flash there you are flesh bone you guys
look my flash well does flash you put
this advice flipped over okay we're
gonna go to Carly's house today yeah hey
hi look who showed up is me oh is that
oh that was one of the new shirts from
the Colette line that's just from the
fall line okay I know there's so many
lines you know I'm saying hey we're
going right now first we have a meeting
this morning in Burbank and then we'll
get a get on an airplane and fly to
Canada Oh Canada
oh hey can we have some air maple syrup
and some pancakes I like pancakes with
my name is broccoli
I mean for Sean ready babe
Sophie's lipstick in here I have work
always having a mirror mirror how many
ladies have used your selfie camera as a
mirror guaranteed and why have you
appear I hope happy I usually do all
night hey guys look at you two Studio
City I lied we're not going to Burbank
we're going to Studio City in sunny
Southern California Jay Butler CBS a 3.0
hopeful for its abuse Colette is signing
her passport because we're going they're
excited here we go
you used your passport yeah all right
here we go I like I give you one pillow
flying to Toronto calm down all right
about to go through security Los Angeles
Ernie what adventuring things over
a man's sister all right moving them
through we moving them through moving
them through
come on here we go not too shabby that
wasn't bad at all quick this is exciting
I usually never come through this gate
at LAX and you guys we got upgraded to
first class so that's cool what a fun
surprise okay food let's do this
see officially stamped you see a dude
but I had a friend who watched our
videos
oh there he's here
you
yeah in Canada Wow your first time ever
huh
well I've indicated before but never use
big numbers like once in high school
wrote with who with my friend Bonnie hi
mommy
we're in Toronto Canada this is my first
time third the fourth Corey how many
times is this Corey Vidal how many times
I've been in Canada every time I come
here it's cuz I am Corey no actually I
did come once in high school too quiet
or I came to Victoria Canada yeah as in
choir that's right how about a in high
school that's right you are you are you
are you are you are you yeah you yeah
yes we rock star basically
we're here we're excited is instant
skinny girl is easy this is
that's my bag but I'm watching you dance
in space
okay made it let's open the windows oh
wow
does the entire side of the building ohh
will you break that that was already
like that dude look at this go stand
there and dancing for that joy a window
that's Toronto it in Italy lady today
ready you let it it the that's why you
chocolate man look at that that's crazy
that is Toronto geez I can't wait to
open this in the morning
let the Sun Shine in alright we're
closing them close them down nope can't
look anymore dude it's a wall of blinds
these are bulletproof - guys is it that
lamp
okay the lamp okay the lamp Oh mr. Lamba
it's a wall of blinds it's pretty cool
nobody can see us now suckers ha ha ha
we can get naked a jump on the bed fast
forward to the next day look what we did
this morning and come right back to Seco
let's outfit for tonight alright we're
backstage at buffer there's a random
seat on the shelf
I wanna sit on it we're there perfect
yeah your loss no okay here we are here
are those Charles Trippy there's yeah
there's Julian we're all here look at
that stache dog stache is coming in
nicely
there's Corrado there's Corrie Nokia
girl he always has give us better camera
out Laura you did it
hold that hold that open up to where our
article is Shh me and Corey have a cool
article in here look we are such a cool
article we were in the magazine you guys
should I'll show it to you groggy memory
so these are two stars this is not hey
ah sneezes Collette you guys know that B
she's the star anise mu is the star and
she's doing all the work
she's vlogging and looking beautiful I
know you know I never you ashamed I we
have to read that yeah it's like what
took you so long
yeah okay we got to go to panel right
now here we go my family from Han videos
on the Internet he was promoted three
years now the issue that we had was we
were challenged in trying to find out
where exact value was about a year ago I
got contacted by a major brand that
wanted to do an integration on my
youtube channel welcome to the social
Bluebook public profile overview we're
going to walk you're creating a public
road while it will help you attract
advertisers before we get started you
want to make sure you add in all of your
platforms to look a blue book you can do
so by clicking the add platforms button
all the values opinion I'm Chad I'm a
old-school easier I go way back with all
these guys Lee Charles we did use the
first person little at video with my
channel header shade over Ellis shape
radio station you saw me that was her
blog every day like then Julian I best
friends with his dad actually we were
we're not known as you like 12
involvement in a bar
uh okay hey welcome back what do you
guys think of the outfit I like to wear
the hat I was gonna go no hat hair's
getting long I'm throwing out for the
ski seize care she is you know the ski
C's yeah the ski season
sounds like a species species yeah yes
get ready for the ski sees like a whole
new species edge we're headed to a
screening of vlog you mentoree tonight
very excited tastes like these outfits
hopefully you guys went and changed your
email on the IndieGoGo if you donated to
the campaign if you didn't donate I'm
sorry that it's
not free on YouTube you guys without
going into too much detail the movie
cost almost or up to six times the
amount that we raised meaning we spent
the two hundred and twenty thousand
dollars that was raised by IndieGoGo and
then we're not finished making the movie
so we put in a lot of money to make the
movie to finish the movie there's a few
other investors that put some money in
and so we needed to sell it before I was
thinking that we would just be able to
upload it for free on YouTube but once
you get investors involved they want
their money back that's why they you
know put something into a project so
once we sold it to YouTube they decided
to put it behind you know YouTube read
which like I said I love that sounds
like you gotta through those yeah I
don't try it okay we gotta go baby ready
with our room service we got major Op
service I'm try not to eat too much room
service though she's rushing around
Charles is on his way over right now and
then we're headed over to the thing but
you don't need to see that till tomorrow
okay check out my Instagram I'm going to
be putting some Instagram videos of all
the festivities we're running late
you
you
