hey guys welcome to today's Friday's
Shaytards log before we get started I
wanted to talk to you guys and do a
little follow-up about yesterday's
discussion we had about the comments
section about all the hate that's going
on you know the more that I've thought
about it lately I have thought how do we
educate people to accept and to love and
to try to understand each other and a
book came to my mind and I have
recommended this book many times over
the years but I just got a tweet from my
good buddy Spencer's trooper who goes by
Stroupe dog on Twitter he tweeted me the
other day a picture of this book and
said am I doing this right Dale
Carnegie's how to win friends and
influence people and I thought you know
what that book is the book that changed
my life that book changed the way I
interacted with people and I have read
or listened to that book probably five
times over the last five or six years
so I said to Stroupe dawg perfect read
that book at least three times over the
next five years and your life will
flourish I promise you know I was
thinking about that that is what we need
we need a little bit more education we
need to educate one another ourselves we
need to learn we need to read books we
need to listen to books because who has
time to read books so I want you guys to
go download this book at audible.com
slash Shaytards this book has stood the
test of time and I'm going to make this
promise to you I will make this promise
to you right now if you listen or read
this book at least three times over the
next five years your life will change I
promise
take my word for it download it now it's
normally thirty one dollars you can get
this book for free if you sign up click
on the link below at audible.com slash
Shaytards
and you guys can get this book for free
if you sign up for a 30 day trial
membership this book will change the way
you interact with people and the way you
see people it even helps understand why
people leave some of the comments that
they leave it's very interesting trust
me so check it out links below all right
who wants to watch a Shaytards vlog roll
the intro okay you guys so we have a
really big table it's a table that
actually came not it didn't come with
the house the previous owners owned this
table and it's a giant table it's
supposed to be able to seat 16 people so
I'm like we have to have
the table it goes with the house so we
you know negotiated it in with the house
and everything so we have this giant
table well Candace plus her heart has
been refinishing it for me yay she
locked it table it's a huge table
there's 16 chairs
we've decided to paint the chairs black
so these are the chairs she's finished
most of them they're already in the
house but that's what the chairs look
like and then she's changed well I guess
there's one coat of finish on this
that's phase one so there's one quote on
this and it's going to end up like this
isn't that pretty ah I love it so this
is going to be the tabletop black chairs
and then the legs of the table are going
to be black as well so it's a huge job
and I am very grateful to canvas because
she's like well I'll do it like well
I'll pay you cuz I'm not gonna do it oh
it's a big job but she's really
meticulous and good at things like that
so this is going to be an awesome table
however we have let's see three six
seven eight so we have eight at least to
it I was just downstairs and let me show
you what I found
okay so in our basement pantry we have I
was in here just looking around and
there were top shelves there was
something up on that top shelf and
likewise that and then I found this two
more leaves to this ginormous table I'm
like Candace I'm sorry but I just found
too early so you have a little bit more
work to do and just like it's okay it's
cool and then so I'm working in the
pantry again found something else
on this side of the shelf that's two
more leaves come over here
this table is huge I mean I thought okay
if it's gonna sit 16 people it's got to
be big but I did not realize the
monstrosity of this table it's awesome
I've never seen a table this size so I'm
excited we're gonna put it all together
for Thanksgiving whether we use it or
not I don't know but we have to see it
all put together right so you guys are
all invited for Thanksgiving dinner
I mean scratch that no you're not but I
love you
observe in the editing process oh hi
loves if he's such a beastly of a man
and his beard is so masculine I'm a
punch ma fine
design you guys she uses her children
punch mom no wait did you hear what he
just said
what'd you say before that because I
like you punch mom why is holding punch
I know he thinks he's funny I punch him
all the time editing I know I love it I
think you're cute and just sit here and
edit love you I ran two miles I know
you're amazing loud I did that yeah
don't come out to your finish yes ma'am
click these have some more porridge no I
can't have porridge or go to the
bathroom until you're done please mom
just across the run no bread for you
Marc Marc how do you spell it you know
what your teacher even said you can make
up words for this you just have to write
out any word so you can come up with
with the long o sound okay so write down
mom how would you spell Mach and that is
a word if I'm mocking someone that means
I'm making fun of hot Mike
like their market and they are working
on our front you are right now
that front door that it's really good
for our brains right and you hear me
hold on okay back so we're doing
homework Oh God
cough that would probably work yes yeah
upper what are you working on scribbling
no multiplication this little guys
working on spelling his name
show us your name
look at how good Brock did this is the
bar that I do and that's the art that he
did and then he's like wait a second it
doesn't look quite right so then he did
that one you're doing a good job buddy
I'm proud of you just kidding me already
Edison so he's done anyway so we're just
trying to do homework with lots of noise
you smell Christmas yes I can't wait for
Christmas and snow gum sticks noses
spiders do wooden spiders no I what is
this smell I'm sure oh so I know some
air Bronner I tell mom where we're going
where are we going out to ours what I
saw what owners I'm glad you think
you're hello we're going on - just like
his dad
yeah yeah ooh I like the Sun oh my
goodness look at this look at this place
Kyle we are in an orchard an apple
orchard oh I love it
so this is a local local grower that
they have this orchard with all these
apple trees and gets what kind of apples
they're my favorite if you guys have
watched the vlogs you know what kind of
apples are my favorite you can leave it
in the comments right now
or I will tell you Honey Crisp apples oh
they're so good and these are fresh
fresh from the tree Honey Crisp apples
in the fall I love it hahaha yeah get
some good ones get a lot cuz dad's gonna
eat them all and I need a whole bag just
to meself
just to meself just to myself you know
I'm gonna hold back just to myself oh I
love it
this is what I always dream of like as a
little girl hunting Easter egg hunting
you're just you're just hopin trees oh
look at that one that one's all green I
don't think there's quite ready but then
you got all these red juicy oh my gosh
that's pretty I'm gonna take a break
dinner take a bite of it I want to say
that it's my lucky Wow okay take a bite
I want to see I want to see you try it
look how pretty they almost look like
tomatoes they're so pretty I could write
in my journal listen I did this is over
mom are you guys are you try to edit
sing and I trying them you like it who I
want to try it ooh gonna give me happy
give me your life is seen on the tape
it's my honking I'm gonna die
these are no good oh yeah hey we read
Padmore bad we need to turn more Bob's
we'll get some more back scars selling
apples so they're letting us signal
their stings playing with their chickens
I'm pretty honest yes you're such a dork
so here we are
art what what we're here at football
practice picking up son tard and he just
because he's the center he's in charge
of yelling huddle and Colette just got
yelled mom mom no he's ain't huddled
family as I know he's saying mom guys
come on so we're picking up Gavin from
practice and it's dark and then we're
allowed to dinner after we pick up Gavin
for practice but we've eaten a lot of
apples I've had like four of those Honey
Crisp apples so just one got those I
know I just liked him yeah I tipped them
all over today what are you doing out
there hey you know I learned how to
drive in this parking lot
my dad taught me how to drive in this
parking lot right here Rufus what are
you doing get down
you cheerlead me Rufus is on top of the
suburban I can't control her dare you to
get up there
yo don't yell Gavin another practice you
crazy
get down young lady the world get in the
sunroof right now you're not getting any
of those Apple yeah Wow don't I get ya
Gavin how was football practice it's
great everyone was yeah the coach gave
us a good pep talk but what the game our
last game the set are you gonna win yes
nice so we're at wingers once again get
that piece of celery way from baby he's
trying to feel ciliary on me let's go
over here you smoke of the Blanca must
include I'm trying to distract him
alright ok baby fingers all right we're
having dinner had some wings and we're
sad because Colette's leaving tomorrow
to head to Provo to go make a Christmas
album with her sister and leave all of
us alone in Idaho Meyers I so much will
beat your sister up for me yeah get her
both sides get her don't mess with me or
I'll set my kids after you somebody is
watching the football game did do you
want the Texans to win or the Colts to
win I think you might be more of an
Indianapolis fan to close game 27 to 21
he's just staring at that screen my face
mom he's watching look he's just
watching the football game
like that game watching the game hey you
guys want to do something fun you guys
want to do a cool like a little prank
thing okay so we just ate ate it wingers
and now of course what do you do after
you eat out you have to go get
milkshakes through the drive-through
which is great
that's a Colette's request right was
that your idea
okay right okay so here's I'm going to
do you guys so you guys see how there's
a car behind us they just ordered a
bunch of food just like we did right so
when we get up here we're gonna pay for
their food we're gonna tell the lady we
want to pay for their food and then when
they come up she'll be like oh the
people in front of you pay for you it'll
be a total surprise they'll be like why
would they pay you for us it'll be a fun
like little do something nice for
somebody tricked okay that's a good
price so I do that she will I bet you
and if she doesn't I'll throw a freaking
fit and punch the window so they better
well skate here we're gonna go out and
we're gonna tell her that whatever the
order is behind us we want to pay for it
okay we guys think you like that idea
okay let's do it Haidee camera that's a
thing that like we can't see their
reaction I'm feeling it sucks we're just
gonna have to hope that they were happy
cuz we have to drive and pull away
because if they find out that we paid
for him they might shoot us what you
never know what probably like yes or
they could be like oh I can't believe
you paid for me you just don't know just
kind of yeah be careful so we got to get
out of here
don't do that weirdos okay let's go to
the window oh yeah there's two cars
should we pay for both of them yeah
there's two cars behind us let's pay for
both of them let's do it why you there's
a little pay for one
we're cool kids are not very very
charitable ah your face is really dark
I'm sure what are you nervous for hi we
have a special question we want to pay
for the two cars behind us that have
already ordered can you do that like a
secret surprise when they come up here
yeah right so don't yeah don't tell them
who we are because we don't want to hey
we know her
oh yeah well Coletta's how's it going
we're vlogging like work for vlogging
our experience thank you did you wait so
did you pay for all three of lis we got
Internet yeah do that okay so we paid
for ours we bought $21 for the
milkshakes whoops
listen not him do that who did that
we accidentally tripped and ordered $20
worth of milk ships how's a good Kirk
you say you'd wanted to drink her oh
wait why do I keep ending here okay so
that's what they ordered they ordered $6
that's it the next one 18 18 okay good
so they got it probably now we know why
they ordered - oh my god they got us one
Sunday one Reese's Cups two Sundays -
cookie dough they're getting ice cream -
fun and then the other one is that time
of night one ranch burger a cherry
Rickey ooh okay that was awesome
thank you cakes me pay for the the two
cars behind us for $18 and $6.00 watch
behind you see the reaction this is fun
guys like I wanna see what why are you
scared what you guys is it because I
said they might shoot us Scherzer has a
really good way of getting our kids to
do good Oh a tray of ice cream oh thank
you good okay I'm excited we're gonna
come back one day you have to tell me
what they said okay if I tell them we
love you and tell them to pass it
forward and tell him to believe in Jesus
what okay bye she's like I have to say
that you guys do it dude do it we're
gonna drive through it slow exciting
okay here's milkshakes oh yeah three
they're gonna get us
I know that's the funny part no see you
don't want you don't if you do something
good you're not supposed to tell other
people about it let's shake longer but
they don't know who we are those people
we just did good for unless they watch
the video later the weird thing about
this car is your face is blacked out but
your arms are like it looks like a
mostella mill Channel and now I'm weirdo
gonna wreck into this beautiful inflate
hey everybody thanks for watching the
video hey everybody thanks for watching
the video thumbs up come if you got
something nice dessert it's Friday I
hope you guys have a great weekend uh
we're getting excited I'm getting
excited to go to Toronto listen up if
you're in Toronto I'm coming to buffer
festival I need to go on some runs so if
you're a runner in Toronto be watching
my tweets because I'm gonna need some
routes and yeah maybe we can a couple of
us can go for a run anyways ok love you
guys uh see you on Monday click on
yesterday's vlog click on a feeling
lucky button and if you guys want to do
a little Shaytards marathon you know
you're sitting there not doing much you
want to see what we've been doing every
single day for the last five years well
that's gonna take on time you just want
to see like you know five four three
just like five other videos for right
now then you can click on those right
there okay see what are you doing the
Zeke is climbing on top of me get off of
me big freaking lug I love you guys see
you tomorrow Monday I said that bike
stop your whining oh yes also its
October 10 allow me to recommend two
great movie choices this weekend
the first one is Alexander the horrible
terrible no good very rotten day that's
in theaters also in select theaters
around the country meet the Mormons one
thing I did not mention every penny that
the church makes from the movie meet the
Mormons goes directly to the American
Red Cross so it is definitely worth your
time and money because not only is it an
amazing movie that will make you know
you'll walk away feeling like inspired
like that
is well worth my time but the money you
spend on the ticket will also go to help
others through a great organization as
we all know the American Red Cross so go
to the movies this weekend get some
popcorn do not sneak licorice in nibs in
your pocket back pocket I snuck a
whopper in once no I didn't that's a lie
yes you did fatso gotta go bye
