hi
comes login here check it out it's the
moon it's like a Eclipse with the Blood
Moon it's a cool moon you then that's
awesome
alright you guys this is a time of the
night that I or morning that I never
usually vlog it's 6:27 I'm trying to
show you on my phone let's see what's
going on at 6:27 let's turn the light on
stop can you guys just stop for a second
Oh what's happening here what are these
guys doing truly that is it dark thirty
man they have their babies you guys want
to go see mommy it's all okay so just to
recap it's dark thirty in the morning
they're headed to where where you guys
going to the bus stop see you out of a
space bro you're Butthead turn around
let me see you got your backpack on
right these guys these poor kids have to
walk down to the bus stop in the dark I
don't cuz we'll Emmy skipping today cuz
she threw up last night so you're
skipping today yeah well you don't seem
very sick now maybe you should go mmm
you seem like you feel fine she's like I
want to talk about that dad I already
had this planned I'm getting today off
gauge if I were you dude I would just
freakin complaint on it's a mom you need
to take me down to the bus stop it is
too dark and too early to be walking
down the side of a mountain I mean dude
you're gonna be I'll throw up and tell
your grandkids when I went to school odd
to walk down a mountain at 6:00 in the
morning it was pitch black
other than my uncle's annoying iPhone
light in his vlog camera those were the
days we had to walk downhill both ways
then there's a giant deer all of a
sudden jumping out at you the Blood Moon
is progressing I think it's almost all
gone very it's very pretty you guys look
at the moon so I pulled an all-nighter
we went to the meet the Mormont's
premiere got done hanging out with Sam
and Jenica at like 1:00 or something so
by the time we drove back here at Idaho
it was like 3:45 4:00 in the morning so
I just stayed up and edited and now I'm
walking the kids down to there's their
bus but first the cat had babies
I know their me some of you that are mad
because we didn't neuter her but she's
like a wildcat
she wasn't even our cat she was like
left here after she has these babies we
will neuter her because she's in our
garage now so now she's our cat so we
will neuter the cat now after she has
these babies but now we're gonna have
all these babies too so let's go see him
they're cute all right what's going on
ladies okay so in the midst of all of
our belongings
like our clothes and all of our stuff
there is a brood of kittens how many I'm
Emma hi mama honey there's five I think
is there a white one just like oh yeah
wow that's cool are they nursing yes I
wonder if she's done she's a good mom
no no yeah oh she's cleaned him off you
did a good job mama when I first saw him
they were all still in the sack and
gross she cleaned him off good look at
him holy crap their furs like almost dry
listen to her okay just listen listen
that's how we feed her listen you can
hear her purr yeah that's how we found
her listen listen this is perk him
so right he will hurt a finger that's
cool you got to admit man that is cure
that's it that is beautiful
isn't that beautiful she is like
instinct has cleaned those cats off look
at her nozzle and they're all look there
she's hugging me one okay everybody
we're all sick today kay I'm gonna stay
here with mommy sure eyes are so pretty
look at her she's like pushing him on
her nipple to feed him and they
naturally like right when they were born
they were like trying to find the nipple
so look at him all feeding how many are
there counterparty one two three four
another what are we gonna name them like
I want to call whitey Chacon whitey
snowball we're so cute huh good job mama
good job hey no don't touch him yet
let's give her some space okay all right
you guys let's back up okay give her her
space
Roubaix but come on hey guess what the
school bus is coming there's a rhythmic
tick Oh serious oh I thought it was like
Cohn right now okay well get away from
the cat leave the cat alone
maybe Turk can stay and watch the
kittens no you're not getting school you
butt heads oh well hello mr. moon what
do you want to come in and say hi to the
babies that looks like a giant like
spotlight that's the moon the moon is
bright in the sky
so mommy's taking a break from the
kittens to uh you know talk to the
father busted
you guys we figured it out she's like
yeah you're gonna have to deal with them
follow me I'll show you where to start
cleaning up after their mess one two
three four five six six six kittens well
this is a unique twist of events but we
are now watching the moon set it's a
pretty cool there goes the moon it's
like slowly disappearing it's a very
reminiscent of a sunset but just the
opposite direction the Blood Moon is
setting on the horizon it is so
beautiful out here the light is amazing
off it
I wish Garvey was here to take some
pictures all right we are in the house
it is empty and it is messy this is our
hood vent it's not quite in yet it's
going to go right there above the the
that thing that I like a lot this is my
friend I like this print is my friend
wolf names wolf anyway so we are going
to cook for the first time even though
the hood vent is not in because they're
going to install that tomorrow we're
gonna cook once without the hood vent
being in and we're making a vias
favorite we are everyw what is your
favorite your own told him like yes
we're making spaghetti I'm excited to
try cooking on my new oh yes and we have
kitten she needs started your baby
kittens I think dad called them all
filmed them already physical so let's go
cuz we love kittens and there yet and
you don't want to get to most of them
all
okay yeah all right so the reason we
can't disobey because they're just worn
out at the yeah m2t yeah this morning
and at three ish good morning and so
we're filming them I know my dad already
did but do again change are so durable
so mom do you think they're adorable or
not I'm gonna help remix Kitty because
there's an awesome job oh my liver the
Rapunzel videos yes it's from oh my gosh
baby charged pure heroin it's blind can
see uh-huh Cara
dude this is exciting and it really is
our grocery store had this look it's a
Bonnie pumpkin you can get clover honey
orange honey it's like in the bulk food
section you know they have bulk foods
you like all kind of like granolas and
everything they have orange honey agave
it just comes out of there what's the
difference between clover honey and
honey wildflower I want to just put my
head under there and drink it check this
out avocado oil olive oil Liquid aminos
apple cider hair cream
wanna get some of this fresh ground
almond butter there's the nuts and it
comes right at the bottom okay anyways
orange honey let's try some of this
stuff alright Oh
oh my oh my fat oh yeah look at that
gold and delicious orange honey I've
heard that if you have allergies if you
eat honey from around like bees that
lived around the area that you live
where you're getting your allergies
it'll help your allergies if you get
honey from that area is that true
anyways I'm getting some because I just
love honey trying to drink it do you
know the honey is like the most perfect
food there is it is like will not spoil
it's like the perfect it's and it's from
nature bees made this I want to drink
this whole thing right now look at that
gorgeous golden honey
perfect pour check that out
I just want to chug that whole thing all
right let me get some almond butter and
I'm have some almond butter and orange
honey sandwiches
Brandon those babies love
those are branch nuts dude what is up
with the comments lately well then
listen to this one mark Thorpe you win
uh-oh
Mormon stuff I smell haters the strange
aroma of feces basement and virginity
grab your umbrellas Shay tizzle fans
this vid is gonna get a tornado of
neckbeard hate see that's a good comment
funny well thought out I just hit myself
in the head with the phone hey if you
hate me cuz here's what I want to say
about the comments I've dealt with
comments for seven years or whatever
like it doesn't bother me anymore like
I'm over it but it makes me feel uneasy
for the people making the comments I
think myself why there's so much on the
internet so many things you can watch so
many places you can go why would you
waste your time if you're angry and
you're mad about something too then like
I'm gonna feed this hate I'm gonna write
out the dirtiest longest time I've ever
and I just think it's not worth your
time it's a waste of your time it's a
waste of your time to watch my videos if
you think I'm an idiot and youth and you
hate me and my family
and you just want to find every little
thing to pick apart you are wasting your
time
it's anyways thank you will of DC I'm
reading your tweets
I'm not joking well I was at the grocery
store look I was a at the grocery store
and I was in there and I was thinking to
myself because I just had uploaded the
vlog and I'm like I guarantee the
comments on today's vlog are gonna be
crazy but my body the way love DC is
sticking up for me he's tweeting me and
we're talking back anyways just you know
if you don't like something go somewhere
else to find something you like I
promise you life is better when you're
around things you like so if you hate me
and my family and our religion go find
something else to watch it'll make you
feel better
and I promise you'll like it when you
feel better just try it maybe try it
anyways love you guys don't participate
also I mean that doesn't help when
people leave those kind of comments do
you have to ignore them even if
like I'm gonna leave a comment says guys
don't comment on this comment that does
not help that makes it worse because
then you're pushing those comments the
top so you got old Norum love you hey
guys so we're just out doing some
shopping today and we run into these
lovely ladies and they're so sweet I
tell you guys if you ever see us in
public it'll make em say fries
I always appreciate it thanks guys the
biggest thing of it and they get to see
this crazy guy today a navy is helping
noise she kind of felt sick at school so
I wouldn't picked her up but now she
seems fine but amis homesick so we're
getting some stuff for her to make her
better
so that's what we're doing it was sort
you you're cute honey I love you
alright now I'm taking water and sprite
down to the girls when I was sick as a
little kid I always loved to have sips
of sprite my mom would get me some ice
with sprite and I always loved it when
it got a little bit flat the girls are
not feeling well they acted like they
were fine Avia
okay so Emmie was sick yesterday while
we were gone to the thing
came home she stayed at home all day and
hasn't thrown up but she hasn't really
felt that great but towards the evening
she was feeling fine so I thought well
maybe she'll feel like dinner then
avi felt sick at school came home sort
of feeling better so I was like oh maybe
she was faking it you know but now she
feels like she's going to throw up and
she had spaghetti so that's the worst to
throw up your most favorite food I hope
she doesn't have to throw
but I'm bringing water and sprite down
to my girls I love them look at it we
don't have her bed set up but
with her lamb in her mouth
it's you I love you I got your water in
your sprite all right it's dinnertime
I'm exhausted man I pulled that
all-nighter last night
Zeke's hungry too you hungry you want
some dinner it's dinner time the girls
are sick Emmy and Avia both feel sick
and he threw up skipped school today the
boys are strong got a green mint and
what absolutely wanted to eat up through
about it she threw up twice yesterday
and he did no she threw up she she was
gonna get okay I don't hear about
anywhere as she's sick that's all you
need to know here is you're having
dinner
spaghetti yeah I love yous it's the
first time we've cooked in are you nuts
it is yeah it's a good stove we have
some spaghetti I'll feed you just that
Kay I promise let me eat first all right
so we have seven cats again here's my
question how old do the kittens have to
be before we neuter them I need to
figure that out because we are gonna
neuter all of them because that is a
responsible thing to do yes I do agree
with that we're gonna do our best to
keep very good care of them but you
gotta be careful because we live in the
mountains then there's coyotes there's
coyotes but they're gonna live in the
garage okay love you guys thanks for
watching click on yesterday's vlog click
on if you look about as your dad's new
one two three four five years ago I'm
sad because mommy tart is leaving us
tomorrow she's going down to Provo to
make a Christmas album with her sister
Cali Crofts I've been listening to and
actually instagrammed a little sneak
peak of one of the songs it's gonna be
great so yeah they're making a Christmas
album but it's gonna be really good
which means I have to be here with the
kids for the next three or four days
that's gonna be great
tune in bye
