you guys today is a very big day we're
going to a movie premiere we got invited
to go to the movie premiere down in Salt
Lake to the new movie meet the Mormons
because we're Mormons hi nice to meet
you so we're here in the mall we had to
pick up a few outfit things because most
of our stuff is lost somewhere either in
the garage or in the giant pile in our
living room and we're in a giant hurry
so I had to come get some pants and
class to give us a skirt or something
anyways look at we're in the mall this
may be the saddest arcade I've ever seen
in my life it's affectionately called
coin play could you come up with a
better name than Queen play like dear
arcade Queen play yeah this small you
should see the smallest decimal okay we
have mall walkers the most traffic in
here old people walk around in a circle
around the mall but dude they have a
skiing video game I actually remember
when they very first came out with this
I was like in heaven I'm like no wait
finally a video game for skiers oh yeah
remember this game a video game where
you actually like play soccer that's fun
all right you guys so let me explain
what we're doing we're at a movie
premiere there's a brand new movie
coming out you'll see it in theaters I'm
sure you'll see some ads for it it's
called meet the Mormons
we are Mormon like I said hi nice to
meet you this is a really cool
opportunity because we are the tip I'm
kind of nervous actually
we're meeting so in our church we
believe that Christ reestablished the
church that he originally founded when
he was on the earth so we believe in
Twelve Apostles just as Christ had
twelve apostles who led his church we
believe in that same principle so
tonight two of those apostles are gonna
be here David a bednar oh look that
dudes from BYU TV I love your guys show
yeah what's it called it's like
something seen yeah they're on BYU
anyways Jeffery are Holland is gonna be
here who is a huge inspiration to me
some of the greatest talks I've ever
heard are by this man so YouTube Jeffery
are Holland and be amazed and look where
the belly
okay so here we are at the premiere with
the other Mormons on YouTube I know you
were more but I would not have come
anyways we are about ten feet away from
David a bednar who is an apostle of
Jesus Christ and I'm excited to see him
and also Stuart edges here I see Stuart
now he's the one with the red hair over
there doing drinks see that curious are
you doing pranks tonight yeah you know
we've got the biggest one set up
Instagram video prank sweet Jeffrey our
Holland I asked if I could get a selfie
or Dell their Hall and I don't know if
that's blasphemous or no it's I won't
Danny Ainge is here Danny Ainge is here
Danny Ainge slap him right now have you
ever seen this guy 120 million times how
many does that order brush video have on
it not a hundred times just twenty just
1 million
no just 20 million this is the guy you
guys know this guy hey hey hey hey
ok you guys I am here with the narrator
of the movie first oh yeah speak wait oh
you go to the movie this is one of the
stars of the movie hi Jenna and she's in
the movie so go check it out and give
you like oh yeah I saw her on shades
video yes good to meet you and say that
exactly in the middle of the movie last
and everything I thought her on she's
video guys look it's Tiffany
sing a song for it this is crazy did you
come from LA for this oh yeah
multi-tasking
Jeff here Holland some of my favorite
talks of all time let me tell you a good
one a high priest of good things to come
I think it was at 99 top changed my life
forever
hi how are you nice race day yeah are
you doing I wanted to tell you
for you to hear it but you're just
saying a high priest of good things to
know in the car I've heard that on my
mission and that I would say to my life
anything that moves with well that car
really did exist in those worried about
yeah you know as well your picture up
George or sir which is okay
you say again
many of you may not know this man but he
has been such a big inspiration to me in
my life and meeting him last night was a
total honor
legends their legends oh thank you so
there Sean Bradley and that's Mitt
Romney's son right next to Sean Bradley
- 7-footer I'm not sure there's any
place I'd rather be right the coolest
party of the night Silver's party
they're all here Marie Osmond it's hard
to choose just go push Sean Bradley out
of the way you know turn around let me
get a picture it may seem like it in
this picture but not all Mormons are
related they look like sisters that's
Marie Osmond okay you guys were in the
theater now and this is the meet the
Mormons Twitter and they're just like
look there's my twitter tweet twit I'm
the main twit that's Dave Ramsey's joke
and then look Casey and Colette are the
who to follow on the screen on the meet
the Mormons Twitter that's great that's
great
check it out the movie I know you like
it like it there I am Luke that's Sean
Bradley with a Mitt Romney photo bomb in
the background nonetheless thanks for
the photo bomb it
slides available for lots of reasons
one reason is because of you this is a
VIP premiere showing and you are in
every case in every way VIPs we mean
that right down to the youngest child in
the room and the most senior citizen
among us we realize that we have friends
here from the church and any friends or
non-members you are all welcome and you
are all VIPs literally and truly this
film is a first in many ways we've done
films in the church before but we've
never done a film like this this way for
this purpose and in this manner but this
is an effort and understanding this is
an effort in goodwill this is an effort
and they have alright that's a wrap
that's the start of the top chart on top
back to one everybody back to one
put the draft away we need the draft
back in the room put the draft in the
room okay you ready Stuart from the top
it's gonna be like I'm actually like all
of this in so it's oh my kids ready hey
guys we just got done oh my gosh look at
that it's magic how do you do that magic
how well are you impressed I'm impressed
whoa that was actually pretty good
masamune the spirit Criss Angel eat your
heart out David Blaine stuff okay listen
let's figure out for a minute we just
got done with the premiere Stuart
brother DeVos here we loved the movie
what's the consensus recommendations
thumbs up how many hey I was truly
inspired by the video movie not movies
to go and like just like do be better
person yeah be better person not that
Vishnu guy he inspired me to like I need
to like help more people yeah right not
built enough wells in Nepal lately
what's up with your rate your quota well
building in Nepal can't even believe you
married this chick she is she hasn't
built any wells in Nepal
alright we're out of here we love you
guys check it out the movie meet the
Mormons in theaters October 10th I
really encourage you to see it not
because we want you to be a member of
our church because it's an inspiring
movie to make us strive you become
better people and it's about families
and we really cherish families if you
watch the movie and you do go to the
theaters I want you to notice that about
each person they talk about it's all
about family
so think happy be happy we'll see you
guys tomorrow
alright guys thanks for watching I know
a lot of you are probably not liking
this video cuz the kids aren't in it and
I'm forcing my religion down your
throughout again oh you guys won't be
Mormon come on come on it's close be
Mormon this videos for me give me one
write this if you couldn't tell in the
video meant a lot to me I was so excited
to be there and these are legends to me
that that Coach lavell Edwards he was a
coach of BYU cougar football for decades
and that man was like my grandpa like
loved lavell Edwards he never missed a
football game and so like to meet him
bless my grandpa's heart he's passed
away I was like if I could have sent my
you know showed my grandpa Eugene a
picture with me and lavell Edwards he
would probably love me more I said that
last night joking around but no this
video is a video that I will look back
on in 10 years and just be like holy
crap that was a cool night so if you
don't like it I don't give a crap go
watch something else on the Internet
Dorcas alright let you guys see you
tomorrow
