oh shoot babe the master bedrooms on
fire you know I'm gonna start off
today's vlog with the end of yesterday's
vlog if you did watch yesterday's vlog
then you heard and you stayed all the
way to the end slate I was doing the end
slate right here on my computer and
princess turd came in and it was she
scared me that was Dan slightly
yesterday because this is where I've
been editing this is like my office
inside my safe anyways long story short
you don't care let's go see what the
kids are doing month let's go see what
your brothers and sisters are doing can
you tell we just moved in yeah how is
school everybody Gavin what are you
doing in there you don't have homework
but you do have a room to clean bro-heem
what we talked about having your own
room huh yeah this is when the rubber
hits the road I swear I'll keep it clean
if Brock's not in there to mess it up
it'll be spotless I'm not sure what your
definition of spotless I'm just saying
you're over there laying on a bed dude
there's plenty of time be sitting here
cleaning this room
brahim oh whoops your sister just also
barely moved in let's go look at her and
let's see what it looks like Oh getting
one-upped by the sister I know we still
got to move your stuff upstairs are you
gonna keep your room clean huh come on
you could at least lie to me and say yes
you right now you're just like you know
what Dad I'm gonna level with you
it's probably not gonna be clean why
can't you keep it clean a little fat fun
Oh as a bar you sure to room with Brock
I thought we haven't decided that yet
Gavin can we come in - I'm sorry - don't
be man tell me mad at me but I am
actually gonna have to whip you with
this belt so can you bend over real
quick have I ever whipped you with a
belt no dude I got whipped my dad with
me with a hanger for you
I know let me show you what it feels
like hold on give any heroes in Europe
you have any hangers I'll have to use
this shoe instead
okay can you go get him for me dad can I
assist in this situation I actually have
six hangers here's some to choose from
here's a wire hanger here's a plastic
hanger you can really swing those ones
fast they just went through the air the
baby guy was like a secret hanger
distributor for beating children with
hangers that's a weird conceptional idea
I'm not sure where we came up with it
what I feel like we've seen your room
more than anybody else's room dying Jay
who does good Hey SAS level down 8% okay
just bring it down eight eight percent
less less sassiness I'm just saying just
read out eight percent that's all I ask
that's all the way at the other end of
the house I don't want to go there okay
cuz you're opinio where's that did he
show he's wearing dolls drawers yeah did
your American doll shorts out of here I
forgot to ask how did you sleep last
night and we like it nice I've ever had
oh serious seriously without them it's
way nicer what you guys have been
sharing a room the three of them have
been training a room at Grandma's house
for about a month they all had to sleep
in the same room dude this is a
comfortable bed though did you like it
you slept good come on Zeke - I'll try
it out come on everyone come on let's
try it out it does seem very comfortable
did the Sun whoops hahaha did it
did the Sun come through in the morning
dude it wasn't even like
it was so dark was it dark we guys are
the bus stop yeah mom said you're at the
bus stop 15 minutes early what's over
that this baby came down here and kind
of levy action ate my groom on drives
her to the bus stop and so she's like
come on guys was like 6:45 and she's
like come on guys we're gonna be late
and like seriously you want to know how
I woke up this morning with seven people
standing over me what did I say this
morning when the guys like yeah she does
hey this is the first thing I said this
morning oh my hell I opened my eyes and
there are six children and Colette
standing over me and our mattresses on
the floor so I'm like on the floor like
this and there's Gavin a via a me broad
axe and Braley gage and Colette all
standing over looking at me like we're
gonna say morning prayers we always say
a morning prayer before they go to
school so like I open my eyes and I just
see these seven faces I'm like oh my
hell and they all started laughing and I
was sitting here we think Heavenly
Father for all of our blessings and I
repented for Cassie if the third word
you say the first thing you work up in
the morning is a cuss word that's not a
good sign right guys yeah what sorry all
right I like your bed it's nice okay
what do you got to show me lupus whoa
whoa look at the bathroom paper all
thumbs sister you sure that's all there
is to look at what about the light look
up there this is what she's referring to
it is
why is that song you see you all want to
swing on it like a wrecking ball all
right come on you want to climb up there
and swing on it no no that's your the
song you're thinking is swinging from a
chandelier maybe I want to swing from
Chevy II you know some anyways wow that
came out really nice
could just install the light this is me
and Colette's room and that is the light
in it it's pretty cool wow I like it
it's pretty huh you like my shower
prayer but you know what my doors not
going to be on there for like two weeks
so I'll just have to look at it for
another two weeks it's already showers
ready to go but there's no door on it
sparkly do you like it
nice huh what you want I'm up on there
oh I don't know what you should do that
actually that might breaks don't hang on
this I don't that good crap
do you like the sink okay I hope I don't
want you to die I just want you to spit
your spit in there after you brush your
teeth
all right Lucas let's check it out what
you're the oh you want to see Daxton
flight this is Dax Tain's room that's
his light like a great terminal tonight
all right Lucas guys want to see Amy's
room okay what's the release the cabin
Allie see here the granda Minelli forgot
to see the grand of Manali Thank You
merci the grand finale she went in there
I don't know what she's prepping wait
we're waiting hopeful okay okay
oh nice nice nice got some shoes oh look
at that lupus oh that is a very elegant
flight like an that is very nice ceiling
fan you wanna show them these features
you can turn it off - it's called dimmer
there's a there's a dimmer switch so you
can make it brighter or you can make the
fan go faster or slower however you want
and then this is what we're like taught
throughout the house we're like hey a
poop and bring me some toilet paper you
push the button I think that's how I
would do it Hellmann's got this dares
figured app yeah yeah yeah yeah they can
always make it up the stairs it's going
down the stairs it's a trouble yes yeah
you did it
first the door open pretty door push the
door Nick sick but look the whole new
world
today's Troy with my baby toy yeah yeah
that was a long way look at that dude
that's a long way are you proud of
yourself that's what I love about this
house if I can just shut the door to the
stairs at the other house we were in the
stairs were just like out in the open so
it was really hard to keep him from
going up and down the stairs but here
you can just shut that door and it's got
this whole upper level of the house to
plan yeah yeah
lady young lady oh yeah exactly
he's a young man he's a young man
yes like Yong Yong long you didn't touch
a gentleman young lady oh okay we're
looking at Halloween costumes and look
at this one that biggest artist found
okay so to me it is really the cutest
thing I've ever seen
it's a dragon that's exactly what a
Kaley thought that he was gonna be and I
think that he should be it could look at
it oh my gosh I love it
it's six to nine months so he's a little
bit big for it I don't know he's little
he's little guy this is what Brock
thinks he wants to be you want to be a
worker man with tattoos on his arm that
says mom oh that is that really what you
want to be I want to be a Power Ranger I
want to be a pallet of you it's not a
fireman that's a worker man Alan
realistic is a construction worker I'll
be you know about this okay whatever
whatever should I boil their desires to
be a construction worker if he wants to
be a construction worker with tattoos
all over his arm then Who am I to stop
him you have to be a dragon this is cute
that is a pretty cloak what we're not
getting that glass
fine okay oh my gosh it's it's a
Frankenstein what's cuter a dragon or a
Frankenstein a Frankenstein
oh my gosh I can't decide this is so
cute this is so much fun I love got down
he's like what the head or no direct
Frankenstein or dragon what do you think
look at it oh my gosh what do you think
sister this is the dragon it's not so
cute Mezen knows best
I guess all the girls are gonna be
mother Gothel he's in the construction
worker and we have a Frankenstein dragon
a dragon Frankenstein yeah I absolutely
love that that fits perfect who picked
that one now me babe
who picked that one out so now you're
not putting to go with a mutual okay
yeah you know what white room out here
no or not okay um that Oh cuz they
already got that true yeah yeah you got
that white trim that's going on I so
glad that you change that dude like our
fireplace that's our fireplace I love
that it's hard to see the yellow light
all right come check out our room tell
us what you think Brock do you like our
new house
that's my bathroom if you like it I love
it turned out good this I showed you
guys already good night yeah okay come
with that like that little accent right
there
call the sconce mom I must start it
don't okay what do you think I've seen
these before
we're in the temple the celestial room
of our house I want to have a whole
bunch of being old I'm like somebody's
gonna right now well we got a lot of
kids in this house do you like our
bathroom it makes your feet look like
his textures yeah Oh kind of does I see
you're saying with the lights on it yeah
too many kids Thanks first careful okay
that's too many no you guys get off him
get off him Rock no all right that's
good get off the good boy you're a good
boy you're a good boy
the problem baby groaning baby groaning
babe you're crawling baby crawling baby
two kids is gonna ruin whatever game
you're playing in Oh how's dinner Kaylee
so nice she brought us chili over
because she's a charitable loving kind
person
it was great how was football it's
gotten really fast fast yeah the ladders
he's like right here in the middle to
run and every opinion yeah you're at the
very end you're working hard dude what
you know laughing to the Mormon Church I
don't want to show these guys this
Gendler we ordered too big of a
Schindler you ordered too big of a
chandelier yes you : I told you you too
big
here's our dining room chandelier it's
too big I didn't realize it was gonna be
that big is that too big
well the dining room tables gonna go
there and we're gonna move these chains
up but it's this big peekaboo beer
I need a thumbnail I decide what the
thumbnail is why didn't this should be
done now Oh woah actually hold still
that's somewhat come look at this that's
cool
Daxton get Winston kisses give kisses
she's nicking kisses oh not that can you
give him kisses give you baby kisses
look give him kisses giving loves gym
kisses yes I can't give him kisses now
that he's on camera do you feel now No
Destin give baby Winston kisses he did
before I turn the camera on
shake it off Oh the great hunter is here
with his pink opponent is cream e's know
for sure no no nope I'm sorry mark for
you but the first week of the three is
it that time where they gonna have cream
knees here you're in charge of the cream
easy target for today I say yes Barry
and gets first you know what if you guys
get that any molder and you see yeah i
get bill i get bill the baby's kickin
did we tell the guys that let me tell
you that look the mom cats pregnant oh
shoot
babe the master bedrooms on fire crap
so it says on the alarm I'll go check
chicas are you kidding Cola no we're
good set on fire false alarm day false
alarm no fire you're actually firmly
believing that the master bedroom was on
fire
you were relatively calm oh dang it are
you serious I don't have time for a
master bedroom fire right now I'm trying
to these kids ready for bed just kidding
I was like are you serious just wait for
it wait for it
hmm your dad he has a weave all right
it's bedtime school night
bedtime good night love you facepalm see
you tomorrow
everybody buddy a call last look so
thanks for watching today's vlog guys
we're moving to the house you know but
that time we get our furniture and
everything in there it's probably
another month so big empty house right
now yeah I think empty echoey house but
we love it we're so excited to be in our
dream home and to be finally somewhere
we're not we know we're not gonna be
moving in no boxes no boxes anymore
there will be no more cardboard boxes in
our life until we start saving baseball
cards and we'll put them in there okay I
love you guys thanks for watching check
out yesterday's ball could go that been
lucky buddy wants to shake towers to go
one two three four five years ago today
click that subscribe button thumbs up
David do the G jiggle dance
do the jiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle dance
okay check it out what up well okay yeah
yeah one two three cabins in not twelve
year box
7:12 levin ha ha yeah love UK bossy
tomorrow
