you guys it's a very exciting day look
suitcases we are moving to our new house
today very exciting today is the day we
moved to our dream home alright Saturday
morning we're going to play football
look who's not gonna get hurt if we get
in a wreck okay dude let's go out there
be aggressive today dude make some hits
hide some balls yeah alright another
beautiful Saturday morning here in sunny
southeastern Idaho and we're watching
Gavin play some football
honey yet not they scored it's 7 to 0
Gavin is playing center like usual he's
hike the ball
he's hustled great job he likes it he
likes football I'm glad he likes it he
actually spent the night at Haley's
house less pain oh yeah called me like 7
a.m. how are we gonna come pick me up
yeah yeah it's nice yeah and he was in a
class last night his meeting clone on a
date last night and the kids stay in
Bailey's house and they have a kids cell
phone he was in a class last night but
he said he was afraid to wake us up cuz
he was worried about us not getting
there in time to pick him up for his
games he had to be here at 8:15 in the
morning so at 7:00 this morning he
texted Collette saying are you gonna
come pick me up oh oh we have another
touchdown another touchdown another
touchdown
get in the Enzo get in the end zone yeah
six points meanwhile princess tard baby
tart and rock tartar at the concession
stand buying candy at nine in the
morning let's see what they ended up
getting here comes the three candy
Stooges now do they buy suckers they
said they're gonna go buy suckers looks
like they're negotiating over something
what you get sucker
oh hi Q everybody splits the Twix and
you ever get to height you sounds like a
delicious breakfast oh oh oh what's
going on here I'm trying to get a little
bit more mobile uh funny you know it's
interesting I think he took the longest
to crawl but he might be the first one
to walk like the youngest to walk it was
the youngest walk do you remember
oh I'm sorry year cuz he started
crawling you seven months yeah I got a
look at him look at him all by you so
not even anything to hold on to he's
gonna be walking in like a week I
guarantee it a week or less and up dude
that trolls that cool he's gonna be
running around with you pretty soon
Brock it'd be careful not to knock them
over
yep let rocks show them how to run
that's fast
look at you yeah you should be a
football player here total Danny's hand
hey stand up front end up right ready do
it do it there he goes he's doing it Oh
you think how that feels to stand up for
the first time in your entire life be
like wool I'm sick it's probably pretty
exciting like oh how did you try it out
like you trying I'm gonna keep trying it
this is a life lesson ladies and
gentlemen if babies gave up every time
they fell they would never walk think
how many times they fail before they
learn how to walk think how many times
you need to fail before you succeed
falling down over and over and over and
never giving up that's the secret all
right what's that all right so this is a
very momentous moment we're Colette she
is that worry right where you want it
okay so hold on let's explain what this
is for it's going to be quite obvious
very soon when the kids are all out
running about I want to teach Zeke to
use that to fun when he's running around
I want to feed him on the ring back okay
the inaugural bells swing up your rope
just came undone time for dinner let's
hear it let's see if the kids come out
that's my guarantee they're at Kaazing
can we bring it again bring it we got to
teach them like Pavlov's dog when they
hear that Bell they better come running
and drooling on them drooling and
running at the same time yeah everybody
knew oh that's your mom gotta go oh the
kids aren't coming running we have to
teach them better than that we're gonna
teach them IUP were you wait next time
we practice this they'll come running
they'll come running and drooling
absolutely
ridin ridin
the prairie run through the Prairie rod
the Prairie singing with me riding
through Prairie yes we run through the
Prairie one buck get a 2 1 a 3 but the
yahia one to the idiot idiot
giddy up with me giddy up giddy up on a
1 riding through the brain
all right we're out shopping on a
Saturday night at the local thrift store
with $20.00 in POC bags oh did your even
richer than Macklemore jealous
you guys princess cart has double the
money that Macklemore has when he goes
into a thrift shop
ballin straight-up it's fun we come to
the thrift store because we let the kids
just buy whatever they want but they
have to use their money and everything
is usually a dollar or two how much is
that dress I don't know look at Art Fair
it does - look there's a price tag right
here numskull it is one dollar can I get
it can you afford that do you have a
dollar yeah then you can't get it I'm
not giving you money for that dress buy
your own clothes losers get a job get a
life I have my own money get your own
ask your sister she has money we buy
your sister a dress what you guys doing
here
what's this transaction going on what
are you trading for and no money that I
trained it max why'd you you gave her
money
no I gave her my hot dollars for a phone
and what phone is that your phone and
charger whose is that Bailey whose phone
is letters but whose is it whose is this
really is it just where did you get this
whose phone is this but whose phone was
it originally she gave it so why do you
get to sell grandma's phone for $25 that
you just got did you buy this so you
gave her $25 for this no why no okay I
gave her $25 for it and then I gave it
back for $25 back because I gave her so
you bought this for 25 bucks yeah so you
want did you keep your receipt though
because we don't do returns unless you
have a receipt sorry
good boy
we're at the thrift shop negotiated you
guys it's a very exciting day look
suitcases we are moving to our new house
today today is the day we move to our
dream home not it's not done beans
constructed yet what is it October 5th
we move into our dream home
babe what are you doing together our new
terse do you like where are you putting
together your New Jersey our new house
put our new chairs in our new house
I like those chairs those are cool baby
Chimaera you gotta call always a big
house
alright guys so here we are in the new
ha GI we're in the new house and I love
collective Oh up so uh yeah we're not
going to give you a full house tour
right now because we stopped taking a
lot of stuff in put all our stuff in the
property oh then you're already starting
to scratch the wood on the chairs
dude I'm gonna it's gonna be hard for me
for the first couple months not freaking
out when kids are dinging the side of
the balls
hey you everything about this how many
times we moved last seven years at least
at least seven times the last seven
years yeah think about this now this
might be the last time we move in 30
years
can you imagine that what if we don't
move for 30 years babe this is exciting
well I go right are you sick of moving
just sick of it
all right last time start loading stuff
in how does it feel what does be in here
is it you excited yes all right when do
we move back to Idaho July we've been
living out of a suitcase for over three
months these two cases have held our
clothes for the last three months back
and forth from vidcon to vloggerfair to
all the places we've been we've been
living out of those suitcases how long
we lay down the suitcases babe it's been
like four months four months imagine
living out of a suitcase for four months
that's what we've been doing well I'm
sure many of you yeah not a lot of
people know it's a sucks to be nice and
why
have a home day meet our job oh wait
hold on alert we're right here hold
still see these bugs are getting
everywhere I know they're called
boxelder buzz baby charge job is to stay
here at the shop back in any of them
open and he of him that tried to come
inside she vacuums them up okay did all
those bugs have been in there where get
it got it got it years old still
here I gotta go help get the bugs Zeki I
ain't complaining you complaining
doesn't look like it I think you like
this movie
hmm for the reasons up there the running
around and such do you know what I just
realized that I haven't even done yet
oh yeah now we're home ah that feels
glorious oh so nice love it
well Daxton what do you think want to
put your feet in the water let's do that
feels like
alright let's try it see if he likes it
you think I should put back from feet in
the water
ok live it in there that's nice huh your
jump be careful
let's put onto that 1k tax income I mean
you all right oh we're gonna put the
baby's feet in the waterfall maybe your
feet in look at him I think no no I
think that was a nope
look over here baby yeah Wow I don't
think you want to do that today
so maybe but we're really hot out here
you like waterfall Brock yeah if you
loved it he's been all over this thing
he cropped climbs up and down it the
golden beast approaches from up the hill
he ascends I myself I'm sitting on a
stump a fence post the evening is
perfect
I feel very serene very at peace right
now just like to share that with you
sometimes I feel like I should turn the
camera on and say something profound I
could try to but sometimes I just want
to be like I'll share this moment with
you assessing where but it is it's like
look ah moon the sky the stillness in
the air is a blessing gorgeous out here
Sun setting alright this is the very
first night in the house and it's a very
momentous evening also because this is
the first time that Gavin or Avia will
be sleeping alone in their own bedrooms
these two not so much yet they're having
a slumber party out in let me
dude okay why are you so hyped up bro so
we're staying in the basement actually
because the upstairs are still getting
redone so this is gonna be our guest
bedroom but it's me and Colette's room
for now all right let's go see princes
tards room all right
you sleep in first night in your own
room by yourself
what do you think he's so excited
princes tart is all moved into her room
we'll give a room tour later hey the
baby just got out in a bathtub he's in
bathtub babies I did I mom that's room
he is what he just said true mom alright
yeah boy you ready you need to get a
brighter light in here dude this is me
some lamps it's dim okay good night what
do you think about this first night your
own room like your sheets own room own
bed okay see in the morning 6:00 a.m.
they have to catch the bus oh really
yo I'm liking these end slates with all
these new photograph' acts
what's a photographer I don't know I
think it's like a picture thanks for
watching today Shaytards vlog hey uh if
you did not see the shade tarred
calendars this is the fourth annual it's
pretty exciting the fourth annual 2015
Shaytards calendar is now available for
pre-order that was the announcement that
was the saturday video we had a calendar
video a lot of you were like baby number
six you really think we're freakin good
ready have another freakin baby not to
punch you in your nose for saying that
but seriously klutz pregnant no I am NOT
ready I could be done we think there's
one more but that's that's not gonna
happen for at least nine months I mean a
years okay I'm just kidding we're not
having a baby
love you guys thanks for watching click
on yesterday's vlog my life is amazing
my one due to pop have see you guys
tomorrow
link below for the calendar knows for
the end slate no it's funny how long you
find me
five seconds five seconds how was school
oh I'm still recording actually ok bye
say bye these guys bye
