hi right that day
this little boy needs shots so we got to
do it this little boy doesn't he's just
here for moral support dr. Coley she's
going to sign your paperwork and guess
what guys left no shots today
I didn't realize but he's already up to
date I thought that he was behind a
little bit but it's okay yeah no chance
today I'm so happy
hey high-five
good boy okay we might have to go to the
doctor again if you've been your head
but no shot trying to pick some pillows
guys I think this is kind of nice trying
to pick pillows is really hard are you
guys particular about the kind of
pillows you have oh no this one's funny
nice maybe this one oh let's try it I
think this one yep got it
our goal is to find get all of our
bedding and our bed situated so that we
can sleep in our new house this weekend
nah pretty much nothing else will be
moved in but at least we'll have beds or
a floor with a pillow that'll work too
Wow he's attacking this Paul he's gotten
this we had to have it what is that
called
where's that hey bow bow we've been
trying to learn baby sign language
football and I can't show him because I
had the cameraman but that's a ball
don't eat it we had to wash it ball say
ball
we had to stop at the store because she
mean I got somebody one beans and
blueberries lame what did we have for
lunch we had a turkey bacon sandwich ha
ha you guys look at our first of all
which before I show you what the baby
just did look at our floor we just got
them finished
what did you say Craig about pretty damn
incredible oh look there's a baby and an
open paint can that you let's just get
some spray if we just sprayed it'll come
off it's still wet cold can doesn't
clutter sit right over right there and
like 2 feet away I look over and Dax's
like I need help
Oh especially be walking right now look
at my mama oh it's sticking to a bad
you guys the baby gotta paint sorry
that's our bad no I washed it where you
want to start okay no hey yo hang on I
need a paper towel you have a paper
towel I think those blue paper towels
are sloppy they're off but it's not you
know it's coming off you just kind of
scratch it off like a lottery ticket you
know unfortunate wait on that coming up
Greg
okay I'm just kind of like feeling it
off I got my hand clean this hands clean
just like just rub it like this rub it
off well he's all clean
we're hosing the baby off over here
we're gonna make out America's Funniest
Videos why does it smell so good in here
so fresh and so fresh and so fresh and
so clean you just give a haircut Kay Kay
should you shave his ladies hmm she
shaved her legs she doesn't mean to be
that smells good you're cooking up elk
steaks I'll have a bite of that no or
what is it Oh antelope now what is it
that's heaven I like that as a hot I put
heaven in don't bug me all right what do
you think they usually only go comes
bowls and spoons and stuff because it
usually means a Big Mac blade Oh what is
that he don't get played out in your
cereal this is one of those nights where
the kids are having some cereal for
dinner because I haven't made anything
yet and I was gonna make spaghetti but
now princess chard and baby tart are
staying with Kimberly who I was going to
make spaghetti but now is it an Emmy are
staying with Kaylee and they might spend
the night and so I don't want to make
spaghetti because that devious Biren she
was really excited I was making it
specifically for her but I guess if she
chose to go somewhere else then I can
just make a skip it uh Getty sketti bug
Pippin skip Hedy skip Hedy mmm yep
that's we're gonna make an arm and
centers at football Shea is up at the
property shooting guys
and brock fart is there anything else
you want to tell them I don't think
that's funny
I think that's gross that's yucky yeah
it doesn't matter who thinks it's funny
if he thinks it's funny he's gonna laugh
he's just like his dad look what you
have to follow your the best examples in
your life huh
examples of crazy
you like those say yummy yummy I love
you
you made a circle you had a circle night
good job crazy boy good job okay did you
eat it all did you get it out can I see
it no he's following suit
let me see oh yes you still have work I
love him Georgia make yourself faces you
like them
they got me food loops mommy oh that's
cute is he taking a walk up the hill
it's beautiful there's some guys with
some guns coming to the property shortly
there's gonna be some explosions so
check this out are you guys out we're
here with Scott mountings about to put a
few holes in that hillside
let's see him tear it down
that is smoke enough it's gonna melt
let's put some lead and shame to the
hill all right it's the holidays it's
the holidays for pumpkins and destroying
stuff we're gonna explode a rate your
face okay Ricky's pumpkins
Oh says record goes trigger hurt my
fingers like so like yeah that was I
would not want to be on the other end of
that thank you
well guys out of all those shots I got
it one twice maybe that's crazy
it just oh wow hello here's the push-ups
get that butt up here to the Baxter I
don't know why I think he thought that
he needs to look as tough as Gavin does
today so I know he's doing such a
hi I'm on a date with five gentlemen
tonight this one and that one that one
and those two crazies over there I like
it it's fun but you guys all have to buy
me dessert okay happy Friday October 3rd
tea it's the first day of the rest of
your life and it's the wake and hey I
have a very special video that we are
uploading tomorrow morning I haven't
even told you about it I like these kind
that are kind of a secret and a surprise
I just a quick short little video it'll
go on the Shaytards I'm excited to
upload it I just checked out the cut
Blake sent to me and there's a cool
announcement that goes along with it so
look for that tomorrow a Saturday
morning Shaytards upload wink wink which
context anyways let me guys uh check out
yesterday's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button if you haven't seen our
brand-new shaycarl video where there's
fire and truck windows being smashed
dogs running it's great check it out
click on that feeling lucky button and
we love you guys we will see you on
Monday have a great weekend
