Oh Collette bad news doctor ate all of
Zeke's food dude I just filled that bowl
up in the 8th at all you want more you
want to know who doesn't quit and isn't
intimidated by anything and who I really
look up to in this life Jackson
this dude is tiny and smaller than every
one of these gigantic rods all vicious
vicious are we but he tries to keep up
to the motorcycle and all the dogs you
got it you got it you're a big dog
you're a big doggie oh guy he just
doesn't care I love it
we're here just getting some tacos
starving so I went up to lunch by the
lady we're gonna go run some errands I
just had an eye doctor appointment and I
got some new contacts all because I was
gonna get LASIK
but because I'm still nursing I can't
get it yet I know kind of weird it's
just my hormones are not weird things I
can't
yes
check it out oh it's so beautiful it
just came down like a giant thunderstorm
opened up poured about a hundred and
eighty thousand gallons of water on the
property and then just took off as the
Sun came strolling hand through that
blue skies and clouds upon us would you
do did you see advanced masters new
video with these vampires they did great
man I tweeted I said that's like one of
the best prank clubs I've ever seen that
was like a good old-fashioned youtuber
collab you know like you know others
switch another anyways if you haven't
seen it's a Halloween one prank vs.
prank an ed Bassmaster hanging out with
K Z a friend I mean this little guy are
trying to find some more furniture I'm
trying to find like a no I don't even
know what they're called a buffet table
for the entryway like one of those
buffet tables I don't find it weird is
now finding death huh
are you Danton that's a big bear huh do
you like the big bear
go give him kisses we're giving kisses
this would be a really fun place for
hide and go seek
well why was she and the kids were here
that'd be more fun let's go get them oh
my little chilly so what'd you do today
intruding I did that you doing cherish
with your clip Wow did you a back
handspring shears awesome did you really
did you do it not know about it do you
have a spotter
Oh Chuck but there you see the seed I
should have come earlier I was turning
looking here we going look at me we just
want to see your pretty thing all right
you guys we are ordering Papa Murphy's
pizza tonight because it is one of those
nights where we've been crazy busy all
day and Pizza sounds awesome
so we're gonna have it and it's Papa
Murphy's so it's taken bake and we're
gonna get the form a vegetarian is all
of it it's all y'all man I'm going to
send in this pretty princess okay I have
a pizza for Colette I just have an order
to pick up for Colette I haven't ordered
to pick up for the lights of gourmet
vegetarian pizza and then a minute
a gourmet vegetarian pizza and then a
family-size happen huh I need you to
embrace okay that's fine they're just
they'll be two pizzas to pick up okay
the the family size is huge so it's
really big so be careful and that okay
she's so cute she's really excited that
I'm letting her go by herself
I didn't want to tell everybody into the
store so hopefully I will see how this
turns out we should have brought some
pizza it's a big pizza oh yeah I thought
you may you couldn't even get in the
front door here's a cute super so much
okay I'll help you how did it go what if
they say it's a girl and she was really
nice and did she say we're doing little
girl
one so proud oh my gosh did we have any
change
a lot of change it was actually really
cheap good thanks for being honest the
guys from the prints the tiny fridge Oh
Colet bad news dachshund ate all of
Zeke's food dude I just filled that bowl
up and he ate it all you want more do I
seriously just put like two and a half
pounds of ground beef in that he just
ate it oh man see Zeke was eating it the
- he just took a probably ate at all
crazy you crazy dog fooding baby yeah
yeah yeah that's what I do
hey how is school Rocky Lee's good you
have a good dance ball I love you I
missed you all day long I have not seen
you all right ladies ladies tell me
what's going on in your lives a so we
have cheerleading did you go already
yes how was it did you do a backflip
Lupus do you think you'll learn I hey
let me see your thumbs when are you
gonna do that I don't know I'm to put
innominate did you suck your thumb today
yes how much what would you guesstimate
five minutes ten minutes 20 minutes how
long all day if you were to add up what
do you think I think you would be out an
hour that's not bad I mean out of a 24
hour day that's you know like only 10%
of the time or something like that so
you like cheerleading there's some
people that are mad that you guys are
doing cheerleading know and not
gymnastics because they don't like that
the shirt the skirts are so short
watch well I guess in Joshua that's true
I don't know it's kind of a controversy
baby because like this I saw this
comment it's like I don't like that the
girls are like having this subservient
role like why do they have to cheer for
men and it's like it's like the epitome
of like you know like short spirit see
that's true girls sports I saw that
comment yesterday your cheerleader
kawatte was the cheerleader and the
homecoming queen yeah I married the
homecoming queen I marry the homecoming
queen I'm such a lucky dude because
there's a pizza in my oven
listen I was entertaining mom get out of
here
I got me where does she learn it from
Ezekiel ha Hanson all right we're having
dinner pineapple
oh my lusciousness I'm trying to eat
really healthy hey you want to hear what
we're doing tomorrow and you're really
good feel what we do CrossFit
why because I boys have an immunization
appointment oh dude why dude I don't
believe in immunization don't not you're
just the government wants you to do that
why are you like why do you just follow
what the government wants you to do you
know it's funny about after being on the
internet for a long time you well you
find out that there's like these things
that people are really they're these red
button issues that you never in a
million years would have thought is a
big freakin fight on the Internet
immunizations I learned the hard way in
front of all of you circumcision I who
knew that that was such a big hot red
button debate and uneasy on have a talk
to you know whatever
Colio anymore yeah chickenpox my kids to
have never had chicken that I had
chicken pox they have a vaccine I have
they never heard you complain
Oh see the government doesn't want them
to have chicken pox think about that I
don't know why but it's a conspiracy um
I had chicken pox you missed out dude it
was a great time you got to stay home
for at least two days that's why we're
giving you an immunization why were you
sick cuz I was running around that makes
no sense at all
alright dinnertime Shaytards it's crazy
I love you homecoming queen I love you
are you in me nice once more this this I
eat healthy this immunizes me yeah this
is my day hey did you just see my last
Instagram picture that I put up I
decided I this is an interesting feeling
that I'm having right now um I just
checked a major life like chore off of
my list I was just up at our new place
which you guys will see you know once we
move in I'm feeling weird about that by
the way because this is our dream house
and it's it's a nice house so I feel you
know the money thing it makes me feel
uneasy and so like thinking about
vlogging in the dream house anyways
you're gonna you're gonna see any
anyways I was up there today and I was
think it is hi this is paradise if you
go look at my last Instagram picture
you'll see what I'm talking about
and I thought to myself I I don't see
why I would ever want to leave this I
want to be buried right here I want my
body when my spirit leaves my body I
want to be buried on that land right
there and it was like
checked off like a movie life sure and I
felt cool it was like that feels good
and it like put everything into
perspective and all these little things
that you're always worried about it's
like one day my body is gonna be in the
ground and it could be tomorrow it could
be in a hundred years from now you never
know with the technology you know I'm
saying hi ray kurzweil uh-huh we have
robots in our brains we're gonna live
forever
anyways I could be dead tomorrow and
that kind of like is exciting like to
think about that it's like none of that
stuff that you like stress about on a
daily basis matters because there are
people that are dying every day people
around me people around you people are
going through really hard hard unfair
sicknesses and you got to kind of have
that perspective anyway I love you guys
go back one week you're not going to
back get away one two hey Marie there's
a football player that needs picked up
ready 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 C heart
wow she didn't even touch the ground on
that somebody else wants to do one
before you okay 1 2 3
okay good all right little beep ooh pity
you ready she told me she wanted to do
it okay join us tonight right now she
said that oh really do you want to kiss
him goodbye your thumbs little party say
goodbye it okay this isn't good
you ready that way they're clean come
over here I'll watch the hands though
yeah you should wash your goods well I'm
gonna wash your hands first
yo Daxton what are you doing under there
we know that you're addicted to apples
you can't hide underneath your chair and
eat apples would not think we're not
gonna know about it we have to have an
intervention okay here we go
freshly washed thumbs that's soft
okay here we go we're ready we're
getting the bandages we're gonna put the
gauze with some band-aids get married
okay but I didn't okay
bless you bless you you're so
good-looking
I love you tonight okay ready here we go
okay here we go say goodbye to the
thumbs we believe in you Lucas you can
do this we're a team
my cotton I don't get it you don't put
that in your mouth let me just stop
sucking your thumb that'll be easier I
guess it's that's far enough
this is more of an event I was reading
comments yesterday some of you guys used
to suck your thumb until you were
teenagers are there some of you right
now here's I want to ask this honestly
be honest me right now are there some of
you who watch you Lucy all right I'll
ask you in a second hold it up is that
gonna be good
you think you'll stop what are you gonna
tell people at school any don't do it
this isn't prescribing just listen
telling you hurt you sprained your
thumbs because you're like given too
many thumbs up thumb down my tool do you
have a favorite thumb do you think like
do you like second on one better than
the other one which is your favorite
thumbs up that one back the old go to
this moment you're gonna look back on
this video and be like that was the day
that I tried to stop smoking why that
was you guys we have a confession baby
turn really has a smoking addiction and
she hides it with her thumb sucking it
oh here's I was gonna ask are there some
of you that are watching right now that
still suck your thumb but feel
embarrassed about it who are like I
don't feel I don't want to talk about it
cuz I still suck my thumb and I'm 13 is
there be honest we can all be honest
here okay let me see join the loop this
thumb club
she didn't want the Mickey Mouse minutes
because she thought a piece of make fun
of her why that's an annoying fake laugh
all right well let's see how it works
think you can do it I got it laughing
all right we'll see you guys tomorrow
these children are so crazy on an Apple
okay bye see you guys something tomorrow
Gavin I saw yesterday I said why does
Gavin never take off his football pads
sleeping dude you never know when
somebody needs to be tackled somebody
can need to be talked about any moment
and Gavin a drink John a smile are you
gonna have like a cast like people are
gonna sign your calves you know come to
school like Stacey we signed mine on
sucking thumb band-aids
Thanks nice punch bro all right League
wants to come in and hang out see you
guys tomorrow good night mom I love that
baby sometimes I think I forget how
hectic it is when it's time to put five
kids in bed when you're trying to bathe
and brush teeth and put pajamas on and
change diapers and nurse and like get
all five kids not by fits we do not
still nurse all five of our kids only
three of them no just kidding I I wonder
sometimes what it would be like to be
single and just to be able to be like
brush your teeth and fall asleep that
would be so nice but it's usually about
a 45-minute wrestling match parents huh
give me a fist bump parents
hey hey parents thanks for believing in
our species yeah word fist bump thanks
for watching the Shaytards check out
yesterday's go I'll click on asking and
lucky button if you want to see the
barbecue burger explore
we had flames I don't think I want to
tell you how we got the flames because
I'm worried what the Walt Disney
Corporation think I know Zeke it's
pretty crazy
alright thanks for watching oh is it
what's today oh it's Thursday the kids
on school tomorrow so I assume that's
Friday ok we'll see you guys tomorrow
love you bye
