so tell me what the orthodontist said
about Gavin probably in about six months
when his baby teeth is too big he
thought he only brings in six months
serious hey you ready go be smug yeah be
smart go before beats me here we go
thanks for doing harsh a checks out
alright you know what I'm gonna do
something right here that I don't think
I've ever really done before I'm gonna
leave a message
for myself hey Shay it's me Shay good
news you're finally in shape
you finally got back to that point where
you can go for a 10-mile run and it
doesn't kill you you can do a CrossFit
class and you feel good and you're not
sore as heck for the next couple days
and it feels amazing
please do not slip back to where you
were where you were eating out and
feeling like crap and your gut is
getting bigger and your pants are
getting tighter it feels so amazing on
this side there's a secret elixir called
endorphins and you get them when you
exercise and it's the best drug there is
ok thanks for listening Shay please do
not go back ok thanks sorry guys back to
the video I don't know if that was like
beast mode has more like chubby guy
trying his best mode oh yeah that's what
I was over there chubby guy joins good
haul - Gary Clark just because around
50% fewer co2 emissions than coal is
better than funny
Jackson definitely is not intimidated
Chris alright family come gather around
we all gathered uh I didn't I didn't
film anything today I failed as a
vlogger today but I succeeded as a daddy
and that's what really matters
well guys all right so we have some
updating to do on our family do you want
to tell them what we've learned about
today because of the dentist
oh well hey money get racist
do you have to get braces so tell me
what that worth the Donna said about
Gavin oh he has D she has a slight
overbite and his mouth is small his
teeth are starting to crowd so he
doesn't think we'll have to like make
room for that but look he will probably
in about six months when his baby teeth
he's too big he thought he only breaks
in six months serious and they're gonna
give them to him that that young that
you said usually they don't there's some
on my great who has braces really yeah
there's God my training classes bracelet
only has a couple more babysit so funny
I live yeah forks so I can six months
you could be a brace face how would that
be son tartan braces so you have to get
all your wisdom teeth out oh there's for
my idea I feel like he's so young I
think it need that done till later I'm
out you could just see him in the x-ray
oh it was gonna be a while okay yeah so
what about these girls they need braces
you want why you want braces don't be
dissin color you just want to grow up
yes anything that's figures like you
grow up
Julianne she says stop no in our
gymnastic smile so big so decide
he erased okay and then baby tard go
ahead what were you say it wait hurt her
Malthus she has a little bit of a like
like her does a little bit I can't
yes this is hot it's like she has an
overbite shoe but her top teeth are over
her bottom or something to my side
it's a lose-lose you might need an
expander and braces like an expander for
a while and then I'm like look this is
what I well you guys are obviously not
dental experts that is for certain in
the computer and then Emmy is going to
quit sucking her thumb Emmie all right
Lucas do you want to tell us what you're
going to attempt hard yeah don't worry
we're all here supporting you tell them
what you're going to do a genie or kind
of swaps like a makeup how are we gonna
do that you pay me the dentist suggested
this system that has seemed to work with
many children and his practice and so
what we're gonna take is some cotton
balls and we're going to tape them to
her some with some medical data what's
that face at least one
no no it's both of them why just one you
want to leave one thumb open just in
case you want to suck it ha ha like how
about just one let's negotiate
no whatever we'll do everyone every
thumb you have every single thumb you
have we're gonna put Tommy's always used
to suck you mix your tummy you're not
gonna do with it finger that's even okay
we're gonna make any difference why does
your tummy hurt
why does your tummy hurt is it just
security your stomach hurts
no not to the dentist to doctor oh well
you seem ok now ha
okay so seven days with the stuff on her
thumb if she can go all seven days
without sucking her thumb then she gets
what a toy she said mommy turned said
she gets to pick whatever toy she wants
Lemar if she goes seven days with this
gauze on her thumb and not have it fall
off the entire time so we know she
doesn't suck her thumb Oh for some and
the gauze and then if she can make it
those seven days there's a second phase
to this then she has to go 14 days and
then if she does that what does she get
you tell him what do you get she gets
the dress of her dreams a dress an Elsa
dress my dream dress so do you think you
can do it do you I think you'll do it
with your for your dream dress you think
you can do it are you going to commit to
it let's start with the first phase
seven days straight we're starting
tomorrow they could chart for at school
and then you guys help her at school
okay I'll make a chart at school all
right so we had a good day the kids all
had their curricular activities Gavin
with the football the girls aren't
cheerleading that Jillian tomorrow and
this girl she's giving her some
something nobody cares anyway so it's
gonna be awesome you guys be sure to
check it out
think these girls I've said they like
cheerleading here way better than they
like gymnastics in LA you do
big-time understatement you can't do it
right now on the carpet need the floor
on a tumble track well it's time to go
to bed we got to put these years to bed
it's another school night we had a busy
day we're gonna move into our house on
Saturday you guys we're very excited you
give that baby a zoo Burt you guys
playing 500 over there uh looks like
Brock got hit in the face so they're
throwing this up and then whoever
catches it all kids have an advantage
oh yeah Lee yeah I'll get it and found
it down oh and he got it
there you go where is it oh all right
who's gonna get it you guys are cute
playing together oh there it is
mom's right get it mum I'm sure try to
get it catch it catch in your mouth
charge catch it yeah
hey Rach charge um catch this one let
him catch it let him catch one you short
guy a chance get it yeah you got it now
he runs away I mean I know it's not that
long of a vlog but that's good quality
time that's some good quality family
time that's real hey and I was just
think about the comments you know Brock
doesn't really need to wear a diaper he
wears one at night you know so he
doesn't pee on the couch cuz you know
little kids have accidents and he's had
a few but he's usually everybody he
wakes up and he just like take off my
diaper and it's always dry but I just
know there's gonna be the comments like
oh I can't believe me stealing and
dangling that we should a diaper throw
in your face what hi thanks for watching
today guys appreciate the thumbs up hey
now listen remember the crazy video I
did with Sam macaroni where I had to
break my truck windshield and shove that
pink table right through it that video
is live right now on YouTube click on
Daxton space go to that feelin lucky
button
it came out really good I gotta give
Matt
profs a macaroni he the Edit was awesome
just with like the little time we had
and you know what sucks oh man
I watched it today and I thought I wish
at the end if you've already seen the
video I wish that like when I ran back
in like my beard was on fire or after I
said that we're gonna order pizza and I
like turn around like my hat was on fire
or something and then it like cuts back
to the kids and they all look at me and
then your mom and then collect just like
looks at him goes Shh like just let his
hat burn you know just like a little
blast button that I think needed to go
on that video cuz we here's the irony or
not the irony or whatever but like we
were getting that last shot and Sam's
like I gotta catch a flight in 45
minutes and we had to do that last shot
so we didn't have a lot of time to like
do alternate takes anyways go check it
out I think it came out really good it
is a brand deal blast outta your cell
it's for a new movie called Alexander
and the terrible horrible no good very
bad day it's a great movie it's a good
video it's all fun I love you thanks for
thumbs up and watching and subscribe
okay so you guys wanna fight
