baby caiman that's so tall he's too tall
I don't would you look at it trying to
see the ciento see the elevator going
out Sona should we try it right now
no you're scared I mean I would go up
there and just look around walking stop
talking thing I'll do whatever you ask
me to okay look guys we're in Toronto
Canada that is the CN Tower there's a
weird reflection but that is it right
there we are like three feet from it no
that might be a 300 feet I'm not sure
anyways here we all are
will you eat all bye sorry we have not
logged all the way across the continent
give us a tour open about them around
the house what's swimming are you doing
get okay here we are in Toronto Canada
for buffer festival this is our hotel
room give us the tour let's see the
bathroom down the stem oh great you can
have all of our five no they're not here
show us what you do here mix that's
nature bugs trail mix it hey tell them
this is your very very very very first
time in Toronto
very very first time in Toronto I have
never been here shaded buffer nest
I've been bumper head for a while you
guys we're here for vlog you mentor II
look you can see my face you can just
wet phone log you mentor II we have
parents brothers and sisters watching
the kids and I guess we're on an
extended date you guys this is a video
we're sorry we're just trying to do the
dandy thing this is this is a day that
we may have not uploaded but one like
always say we do ever do we got to make
a video we just got here it's 10:30 at
night it's late anyway just cut in we're
very excited to be here and we just
figured we'd show you the hotel room and
be like hey here we are doing the thing
that we're supposed to do with the
uploads we're here we'll be at the blog
entry tone it's late what era Canada was
amazing it was awesome very good very
good
we loved Air Canada okay that's all we
got you guys I mean this is literally a
throwaway video you want to call it that
to say nothing in our life is a
throwaway video will do something
entertaining I am
stairs the stairs go upstairs we've been
to Canada for a few minutes
get operating in trouble you're such a
hot dancer did when I come to table
dancing this is mine okay anyways bumper
fast were here we just landed it was a
long flight we had no chance to edit or
upload and we're gonna upload this right
now and try to hopefully video please
that's true that's true okay
shown on the CN tower again it's right
out there so cool okay so yes tomorrow
are we gonna see them tomorrow jump on
the church are we gonna order a room
service
I want to do that I want to have food is
there steak and lobster does does Canada
have steak and lobster the second city
all right we gotta go should we show
them how we order food do it hello I
want all of the meat and salad and
potatoes okay bring them up with ketchup
he'll love you bye oh crap I can already
be your breaking stuff okay we're going
down the stairs see you guys tomorrow
