hi I'm logged in here dude you guys
check it out we're gonna bout to install
the swings you guys I have bad news this
is not good you know what this is right
here do you know what this stuff is
right here that is a hundred percent
rubber ladies and gentlemen fresh
delicious smelling rubber this is how
many tires a hundred tires this is over
a hundred ground-up rubber tires and it
smells just like you would think it
would smell if there was a giant pile of
little rubber tires oh wow
look they're like been putting a blender
like imagine a giant tire blender these
are old tires so this is and then I
think they clean it yeah doesn't be like
why isn't salt dirty but look I'm like
old cut up tires not even dirty at all
and that cool and it smells like rubber
like crazy anyways that's so we can jump
out of the swing while we're going
really high and it feels like you're
walking on the moon
it's like bouncy it's like a trampoline
that crazy can you smell that Tyson yeah
can you do me a favor Tyson get on your
hands and knees and take a big ol whiff
for that rubber don't you love that
smell like you know tennis ball you know
you open up a can of tennis balls or
racquetballs you buy yourself a new pair
of Nikes Tyson you tell me you're not
smelling now those in the box right ah
smells so good love it so I just heard
this screaming I wasn't sure what it was
but look who got the swing figured out
can you see him over there guys that's a
shaycarl right they are swinging on our
brand-new swing the maiden voyage on the
swing all I heard was wow wow coming
from the top of the hill you love him
he's such a big cute kid check it out oh
you got a bug in your hair honey hit
your buck out of your hair sure I got it
refrigerator guys okay oh my goodness
how many guys did it a car I got in here
we're gonna put tons of watermelon in
that bag that joke money well I'm making
it for the vlog now for you
um the children are home from school
guys like our new fire pit area I didn't
see it it's your ceiling actually in it
right now
also in other news there is a swing set
there are seats on the swing set you
guys can go swing and they're putting
their hands in the water too sweet swing
set you guys are supposed to act excited
guys swing set sweet what you want to
come look at the swing set come up and
look at the come look at it
come smell the rubber break you might
get on it okay bathroom questions Kevin
listen you have a mission I'm going to
take this camera up there and I want you
to vlog everybody's reaction to the
swing set first reaction everybody come
on we're going to look up at the new
swing set
hey guys swing set and with this block
and jumpy stuff is really just getting
our first reaction now you want to hold
this so I can get as high as I can okay
gauge gauge is gonna fill me right oh my
it might take a little while to get up
and these are so
hey guys guys work okay now we're gonna
do gage attorney ed you want to get on
okay so here's the gigantic swing set if
you're in real life it's actually super
super tall so yeah we're just swinging
on it how do you guys like it
do you like it how do you like a via I
like it because the ground is so
ticklish yeah they found it really
hottie good job you liked it really how
do you like it
Jarvie I love it it's so much fun have a
gone yet though you guys later today
good evening - what is such a just its
quarry ass the smell in the air is a
fresh crisp clean just rained Mountain
Dew oh now I know where they get the
name for the soda oh it's so refreshing
anyways some Tyson has created once
again you know we've gone over this with
is very hands-on Bob Loblaw out on the
side of the mountain flagstone path here
blue spruce tree I think is what it's
called giant rock love that giant rock
mulch I love the color right you see the
contrast firepit bridge it's cool huh do
you like it compliance who remembers the
movie uh the flight of the navigator
flight of the navigator compliance these
stairs look just like the flat earth
navigator right eighties babies where
are you come on
flight of the navigator references
labyrinth rope 80 cult classics putting
our feet in the stream are we that fun I
like to see me do that that's why we
made this waterfall so that my kids can
put their feet in a fresh stream and
that fun there may be nothing more
refreshing than putting your feet in a
fresh stream isn't it nice you guys
think you like it do you like it dude
don't get wet alright I hear Blake
O'Neill coming down the trail who's this
plague O'Neill blazes down the path
there it's Saturday morning what does
that mean I'll tell you what it means
right now it means backwards yelling I
feel about to hurts a little kids we're
gonna head up Sarge we can't right there
from first player in Intimidator I told
gap said you get out there the very
first play you hit them as hard as you
can intimidation you get in their mind
ok talk about a mind game fear you place
that little that little seed of fear in
their head like man this guy's so strong
keeps hitting me so hard to hurt put
that beer in their head dude
can't open ok we read of the football
game now we had to get a long-sleeve
shirt because it is raining outside and
we don't want to hurt our elbows while
we're punishing little kids on the
football field so we have an Under
Armour shirt to go underneath the pads
in this rain I'm gonna go on the
football field right now let's do just
great okay our gridiron game day has
turned into a rainy fiasco of wetness
rain day and then rock what do you have
over here a little special collection
yeah where are you getting those worms
at oh ok go find another one bring it
over here I want a big fat one Brock is
finding all the worms on the track and
he's starting a collection so he goes
out tries to find a worm and then he
brings it back examples showing here
thanks to the Jovi for the beautiful
photograph and puts it in this pile of
worms you have to eat it when you're
done ok
male want some worm pasta for lunch
protein Alfredo whoa hey threw a fit cuz
I got the kids
late for snack Tola they don't need that
sugar i don't need sugar for halftime of
the football game she got him a
capri-sun
smell you're supposed to be drinking we
need to continue we need electrolytes
need coconut water
alright we're losing 14 to 0 oh you got
lots of worms
I'm so proud okay put him in a pile you
should put him in the grass they
probably want to go to the grass so they
can go in the dirt you shouldn't leave
them in a pile then job' took another
glorious photo of me in my were
murdering son there's Gavin here yeah
bye there's number 31 going out on the
field to hike the ball
let's go Gavin alright it was a glorious
game between the Cowboys and the Eagles
unfortunately we lost but it was a fun
game the colors are so vibrant on this
picture I love it we watch it from the
sidelines we cheered Gavin hustled they
moved him around a little bit he played
like left guard and played Center most
of the game and then he got on defense
and had a great tackle and then the
mommy dinosaur held the baby dinosaur
and looked so adorable so then the
daddy's dinosaur wanted to make another
baby dinosaur with the mommy dinosaur
okay we're in a creepy trailer with a
bearded man in a stocking - bearded but
at least he has two giant computers this
is crazy
um so we're checking out the PX shares
and then we took this path to the
furniture store to do some shopping vlog
me mum and whatsit reporting we're gonna
buy this bed we have to wrestle our kids
on our first this is the one you want
for sure do you like that it's too slow
to build a wall Zeke won't like it you
can't go to bed you can't get under the
bed
oh boy all right
oh poor Zeke he's gonna have to find a
new place to lay I know it's time to
test out a new mattress watch out oh you
said me chew on it seriously what look
what you've started huh I think I saw
butt crack later dude love you and then
we went to dinner at wingers and guess
what happened yeah jarv took some more
pictures and then we met some of you
guys thanks for coming up and saying hi
to us girls we appreciate that you guys
watch our videos don't be shy PC some
public come say hi and that's a wrap on
today's Shaytards vlogs sure hope you
enjoyed it - Monday welcome back to the
weekend
I'm sure I'm gonna listen listen I know
you're like they should only 11 minutes
yeah you don't down bow tie Jody bar I'm
gonna try to get you guys some good
beefy chunky like big beefy chunky vlogs
this week okay I'm talking like meat all
over the sides of him like you're just
gonna walk up to your mobile device or
computer
whichever you know I just got all out me
out bite into that Shaytards vlog it's
gonna be so good you guys better bring
your bibs napkins you up sega's don't be
greedy
oh I don't you guys wanna bring some
steak sauce
dip it around I know you guys want to do
it anyways they're gonna be so good you
guys checking about all right I love you
guys they're more all
