hi hi coast master syllabus come morning
so it's picture day today and not only
the pictures for the calendars but it's
pictures for the kids at school to show
you my hair in our Harry Potter room I
don't touch I still don't do some more
gotta do some more look at this handsome
young me on your stick my family has
liked it
seriously what are we gonna do my was
going up
what since a big baby charts going
upstairs she's getting my socks on my
shoes so I'm giving her this old curly
I'm not in such a good trade or already
told planning and we were already
planning on it we got this kind yeah
this is the kind of weave and I got a
straightener but it's upstairs it's
really putting pattern since black white
and fuming
Brody let's go you're her shoe yeah
alright this girls ready for picture day
- you look so pretty
gotta find all of our homeworks and get
to school oh it's a beautiful Friday
morning TGIF taking a little rock tart
to school hey do you want to go to
school or you want to go to Home Depot
with dad let's go school he loves school
Leanne you like school better than
hanging out with dad while we're getting
gas going to school then go into Home
Depot very exciting day because we're
getting our swings Tyson has our swings
and I gotta go get some like clips to
hold the swings on there cuz I fell off
of it yesterday
I'm lucky to break my leg it's dude
likes going to school better than
hanging out with Dad you want to go to
Home Depot with me or you want to go to
school right now Alice Cup all right the
way this weirdos walking isn't walking
like a weirdo doing the stanky leg bro
you in the stanky leg
stinking it up
we're taking family pictures today and
this cleese clouds are a very good sign
Jarvis saying he wanted some big clouds
like this and that'll really help the
family pictures sorry dude you lost we
have to go to Home Depot first your
schools the other direction gonna get
that car okay get in Mario Andretti
let's do ten laps around this big
freaking quarter lap of Home Depot ready
yeah Riggins ready the wall turn dude
you turn turn
dude I turn this cart wherever you turn
ever you do I do
go straight hey guys okay so it's the
beginning of another day today we have a
photo shoot with Jarvie later and I'm
excited I think we have everything ready
for it and right now I'm gonna go to Oh
my doors locked right now I'm gonna go
to lunch with my sisters and my daddy oh
that's okay we're gonna go out to lunch
I'm excited I haven't hung out with my
dad for a while so this will be fun
today are you having fun we're out to
lunch with Grandpa huh
we're at Dylan - grandpa hey you guys
here's a test you see can i blog it no
your little tiger
somebody said that to you like the
metamorphosis in Tiger Eyes season
winter fever done thanks for my tiger I
appreciate it
so I want to ask you guys what does
Jackson's outfit remind you up
yeah do you know where's Walter that's a
good one I'm thinking of something else
Oh looks like a candy cane hey you guys
remember what babe the babe with the
power what power to remember that name
yet big David Bowie well that's from an
old movie hearing grant you remember it
yeah I saw I see no movie but I don't
remember anybody wearing a boulder
that's what the baby's wearing in the
movies wearing a stripe one our tracks
about your obscure trivia yeah this is
animalist with David boy it's Lapland
yeah
I was obsessed with that movie that's we
better get labyrinth and watch it's a
class yeah do you have it we better
watch it I think I do have it bring our
game it's buried in our garage right now
but once we find it you'll have to come
over and watch it what babe babe with a
call guys it's a glorious day both sides
of the waterfall are running at full
capacity I love it come on you got to
appreciate it look at that don't go
cheese ooh what foes do is to do rivers
and lakes that you're used to
yes you know you gonna make it better
think about it ladies and gentlemen a
waterfall
built with his bare hands a man that has
a vision an artistic design a creative
flow losing from his brain extending to
his arms pulsating through his elbows
into his fingers and his name is Oh big
quake you like it oh I hate the wind
Blake said hey ladies check out my hair
pretty rustic looking on my handsome
devil wanna go on a ride on my
four-wheeler sometime that's what he
said that is a masterpiece
there's a baby cupboard there's a babe
in cover there's a baby in the cupboard
go get the mandolin out Candace on bass
there's a baby in the cover there's a
big woman what am I the baby what babe
the bait with the power what power power
do the power of you do I'm not gonna let
him fall off of this
that's how we start songs we just start
singing there's a baby in the cupboard
there's baby in the cupboard there's a
baby in the cupboard cook them up for
breakfast yeah
there's a baby in the cupboard put some
marshmallow and some butter on the baby
rice krispie treats see oh that's
mortifying what are you doing - Lala
give them a lot you're helping feed your
brother yeah this is a good helper oh my
gosh seriously thank you
hey look he's trying to share with you
open your mouth ah
oh never mind leave me hanging I'm cool
with it I've been there before it's not
the first time I've been rejected take
some pictures of blake while he's
sleeping husband here take big I wasn't
deep enough are you trying to lull him
back to sleep no pretend you're asleep
it'll look great I don't always take a
nap but when I do it's with my guitar
morning more pictures in the forest okay
ready guys where's my clothes babe
where's my clothes here we go with the
comedy let's say we're late where's the
joke here we go let's yeah put your hat
on Gavin you're not invited to be the
pictures anymore all right actually
you're gonna but you're gonna be the
nudist in the background I'd do it so
you don't have an outfit I like Kevin's
maybe I what are you wearing Gavin can
you pick your mama no get her okey-dokey
we are headed out right now to go do
more photo shoots it's a weird thing to
do a photo shoot especially it's a very
difficult thing when you have five
children trying to get all of them to be
in a good mood and smile simultaneously
and make it look like flawless like oh
we're just such a happy family whoops
huh smile cheese perfect
this one though he's pretty perfect here
we are on the pretty leaves would you
like to see everybody's outfit gonna
film everybody's outfit as they walk by
and you guys can see how handsome pretty
they look okay here's Daxton all right
from the light he's pretty sassy ladies
and gentlemen you know it okay what are
you doing
so we know
so sassy look at these two sass
Meister's alright you guys I hope you
have a great weekend enjoy it get out
there in the Sun the winter times come
in and if you're living in an area like
I'm living we're gonna be missing these
summer nights cuz it's getting cold
quick but uh you know if you guys want
to talk about the weather some more we
could just give you a call my phone
number here's my personal cell alright
your phone haha right that would be a
bad decision check out some videos what
were we doing one two three four five
years ago click on yesterday's vlog
click on the finicky button
this weekend we're gonna go watch Gavin
play football I am a horrible father and
I have missed his first two football
games because I have been traveling or
otherwise engaged and that is a horrible
excuse to miss your son's first two
football games as a tackle football
player on the jerk so we're going to go
do that tomorrow I'll get footage for
Monday of Gavin's football game okay
love you guys have a great weekend see
Monday fight you get lot
