what do you guys want to be for
Halloween I'll be Bal winter you want to
be a Power Ranger what about you talk to
you what you want to be hey are you
dancing because I'm all about that bass
bout that bass no trouble tank I'm gonna
back at me that he's no cute but we are
just too are we missing someone
oh there you are where's my ball I do
have your football stop we got a busy
day today at cheerleading Gina cheering
oh my god we are doing a photo like a
prom impromptu photo shoot photo shoot
so then prompt do I planned it 12 hours
ago well no but you just told me about
an hour ago so it's in I told you
yesterday no dad you tell me about the
one that we're doing right now I told
you about this yesterday no you don't
know this one right now yeah okay I'm
doing a photo shoot right so I'm putting
together two outfits been spending on
hours and hours like skimming through
stores trying to find the exact right
things for us to wear for these photo
shoots and then jail for the calendar
right for the calendar and then Shay's
like okay I think that we're going to do
this one tonight since we don't have a
lot of time we're just gonna go to
Gavin's football practice he'll beat his
football gear and I'm like that's a
great idea Shay and I'm like shoot I
need some like cute athletic clothes now
we're wearing athletic clothes listen I
want there to be variety in these
calendars there we're gonna have way
more than a couple outfits I know but
your armor day music sure let me time to
find them because you don't want to see
the same don't vary and all the boy you
killed are yours
no we can't be the villagers on an
athletic shot so we need to have the
right stuff
I know what I'm talking about now you
guys listen that here's a right things
organized but you know what I'm talking
about you okay every month we're gonna
go take pictures January February March
every single month we're gonna go take
pictures for the calendar and then we'll
have twelve different you know be sleep
but listen great
you guys remember jarv he was taking
pictures on set at the forever loved
music video the AV and anna did he's
here and he's taking the pictures and
he's like the best photographer in the
world the entire world
he invented the cameras names and edison
let's go to cheerleading okie dokie that
we go shopping like oh gosh happy to buy
someone nutrition for our puppies okie
dokie so here's the finder we tell you
guys the plan yet for our picture taking
we're slammed we're busy the girls have
cheerleading gavin has football brock
still at daycare so what we're doing
we're gonna pick up the girls at 5:30
right after they get off Cheerilee we're
gonna run to Gavin's practice 20 minutes
right before Gavin's practice we're
going to take some pictures then we're
gonna go up to Braley's birthday party
but first we need to buy dog food
I need a cart what if you want your own
fish do you think he's old enough for
his own thing I think you could probably
handle his own fish you think you can
handle a fish big boy you got to clean
the tank though and it can steam like
once a month you have to take all the
water out all the rocks out and it does
I had a fish tank here okay the week
once a week whatever oh yeah how long
how often anyways Jarvie is here this is
the man who will take the pictures for
the 2015 calendar he is one of the best
photographers you'll have ever seen
touch the camera button he has a book
coming out
oh well yeah Ilana she's our friend in
LA we miss you Ilana I hit a cart
anyways he's saving her go follow him on
Instagram and Facebook and that other
thing and and the candid litter box go
follow him on the litter box because he
likes to when you follow him on that do
you have a litter box account yeah
litter box calm slash Jarvis check it
out you guys have a litter box account
don't you I just made up a social media
website because I saw a litter box I
don't know I'm trying to be funny
anyways what what are you talking
about what kind of fish would you get if
you got an aquarium Nemo Nemo there's a
little nemo and dory 'he's mom how do
you know that stories mom calls what she
looks like oh she's a yellow version of
dory huh thanks you follow the RV on
instagram you know if you ever need a
squeaky toy for your baby you just come
to the pet store because they love them
he hasn't quite figured it out but he
knows it squeaks speak harder be that
harder oh you're gonna give up did you
give up you gave back already yeah you
have to try harder let's watch here you
try it
it says you can try it with your teeth
I'll try it with your teeth you don't
wanna go we're playing with squeaky toys
he really just wanted the squeaky toy
for himself would I tell you mad
photography skills it'd be rude not to
follow him on Instagram so rude
that's a lot of dog food okay just got
done buying $10,000 worth of dog food
and now we're buying Halloween costumes
I got a cart full of children what do
you guys want to be for Halloween I'll
be Ballinger you want to be a Power
Ranger or let you talk to you what you
want to be Rapunzel okay you can be
Rapunzel you're so precious jewel I'll
be a Rapunzel the beard the bearded
Rapunzel yeah I've seen that picture you
guys have tweeted it to me Gavin just
scared Brock now Brock's crying because
he has a scary death mask geez Halloween
khadi thinks it's funny
that's go I don't think he likes it
either toddy thinks it's funny
see if you scare Daxton that's me as
your son is scaring the baby got the big
pouty quivery live you got the big howdy
quivery that was sad those mean Gavin
you mean let's go to football come on
hey babe we're going to get a football
be right back
we gotta win a football because we're
gonna have you throwing the football a
football practice that's what you do a
football practice you throw the football
Kay let's go get up a ball come on let's
go with us Harry goes the ball red 98
see put hood put nice dude you must be
the center for the Cowboys hold a good
10 yard hike
that were throwing it far all right you
ready catch this one Rory we're in
trouble
well we'll we'll look who joined us it
isn't Haley darling in the Sun I yeah
like a monkey bucket huh
let me see for her birthday present oh
dude that's quite the assortment here
gauge gauge you don't catch it you do
ten push-ups new rule
if you dropping if you do five push-ups
Oh get down Cooper one two hit your head
on the concrete
bro-heem oh no sure be nice oh I thought
you dropped your camera that freaked me
out
that's not funny Jerry stop it right now
oh yeah did I mention that jarv guy he
takes pictures with his camera that he
has he carries around with him yeah he
does you should follow him on Instagram
it's the jarv yeah you can see pictures
of my swing set like this one oh I know
I like to look at pictures of swing sets
keep it laughing look at him and growl
outta me oh yeah spoken like a true true
football player I love it robucket some
fun sporty shots now here here okay he's
not the baby is not a football
I love him wouldn't that be a cute
Halloween costume though if like we were
all football players and he was the
football ah we should do that we should
do that I'm gonna call it let's do it
look at this my boy come here blue he's
getting tired that's a long crawl
gonna get you oh oh oh he just ditched
you bro you can get him Shaytards
calendar this year's gonna look awesome
look at this a motley crew ready Dillon
fortune cool is here okay thanks I will
bet you puppy hey I don't grab you and
kiss you like Navi like please you oh
he's so chill he's just like I'm just
gonna grab you yes put it this way
baby I'm it's okay it's like are these
from you going
okay that one's from oh are you jealous
Oh women six-car she's getting three
boxes and Halloween decorations and all
these children oh my god you did
everybody's crowding around she can do
it so pretty I love birthdays
hey this is what the girls got for brain
or that purse to meet your nails you
were my babysitter
let's see those oh they're Tonka toy
like chalk nails you can I at black and
then pajama colored on Christine he
really wants to live in his present I am
NOT gonna let him is not your birthday
you have to wait okay okay but here's
the here's the grand shebang you've
really got a special present from from
yummy so awesome it looks pretty good I
got a hot package not goodness I see the
journals of older roller oh oh my
pencils that's awesome that's cool fun
present I don't love the don't work
oh yeah and hey Carly while you were in
Toronto Canada your kids tooth fell out
and this is how I'm telling you and I
want to say a very special thank you to
hey Kaylee who threw an amazing party
the pizza was delicious and we all had a
good time sorry we left the house such a
mess but you're beautiful and we love
you happy birthday braley my friend
Jarvey took all those pictures all right
you guys thanks for watching the shaped
our vlogs we appreciate you being here
being part of the family and
experiencing life with us you want to
see what we've been doing the last five
years what these crazy guys been doing
last five years you can find out right
now by clicking those 1 2 3 4 & 5
annotations if you're on a mobile device
you can click the show more button that
will take you down to the video
description where all of those links
will be obtainable with the click of
your finger my friends I have thought of
everything the ease of watching the
Shaytards
is the Zeke I'm doing an end slide over
here yet sorry you guys anyways alright
love you guys
we'll see tomorrow bye
