hi login here all right good morning
everybody
Emma are you excited have a great day
today are you gonna have a good day
are you excited to go to school Rob hard
loves school
he probably liked school better than all
the other kids are you listen your
teacher yeah huh
I'm gonna work hard are you gonna learn
the alphabet are you gonna learn your
ones and twos and threes and fours yep
I want you Bell count to 100 K yeah and
do colors and do colors what about your
alphabet need alphabet you have cinnamon
sugar toast all over your face let's
clean the off so you got a cinnamon
sugar toast monster when you go into
school crazy like a mouth love you
hey alphabet that's next thing you learn
k a b c d e f g k sing that song go work
on it you got the beat down we'll get
the lyrics later I love you hey guys so
we're off-roading today we got the
stroller we're off-roading and the
beautiful beautiful mountains of Idaho
with beautiful Candice we're doing a
shoot for the moms for you it's a photo
like lookbook for Macy's so you guys I
have to check that out on the moms view
but it's so beautiful an item right now
look at this
seriously look at this Grove right here
those ladies are getting some pics necks
Mel's and it smells amazing like the
fall leaves oh I love it
reason 589 why they moved back to Idaho
it's just beautiful I mean you can get
this kind of stuff in California but you
have to drive out of LA a little bit so
I'm glad we're here I'm commuting to
work
ten cylinder motorcycle to take me down
to my speedy Wi-Fi so I can upload the
Shaytards block but I love wearing my
backpack Carl back in now listen listen
this isn't just like hey go buy my bag
next I've had a chance to use this
backpack for the last two weeks and I
really like it I've taken on to Los
Angeles trips and because I come up here
level the blogs every day I've just been
like wearing it for two weeks and I
think it's a great backpack can you
should buy one hey hottest you guys when
there's like like you're one of the
hottie sorry
likes shooting for us today we've got
Nina and Carly did you finish your look
mmm-hmm
oh yeah it's the baby get out he's
hanging out with the Monty today huh oh
you're like handsome in your black shirt
does it's like don't look at me Mom oh
we need green guys go green with your
shoulder doing um we're having we we
have lighting issues because I'm you
know like darker I need to be in the
shade so we can't have any sun shining
on the earth it's gonna make it look
weird are you breaking these making
branches yeah anything for the shot go
from gasoline burgers one fashion the
next day fashions covering all the bases
that's what the Shaytards do okay yo
Thank You Candice Candice is being my
helper for my outfit today my makeup
what do you call onset makeup groom ah
yes I love her I love you oh and look at
this necklace she has it's a necklace
that my sister makes on her website
Sadie you guys remember Sadie we haven't
talked about any of her jewelry lately
but she tells us on her website I love
it so I still haven't gotten my primer
but I'll get it soon okay we are all
these Samuel I will
in Idaho this is how you travel very
very safely with your weapons
we'll be up there and shooting this
they can get a start
got a prick
all right let's try me
we just got to get a shot of me cutie
just a man and his gun and his
motorcycle and just ranch and his
backpack are you are you learning the
role of FS and what do you put by your
dad uh-huh we already know you guys I'll
just make me t-shirt I don't know
there's a lot of competition what bring
it up we are family is likely we have a
lot of good support video at the fast
but there can be second is good enough
oh we drop the monkey oh mercy
I dropped the now you're went to the
first ant that's his monkey I'll win
since monkey so sweet this is what I
love most about mom sue shoots is we
have babies and get this cuddle lots of
different babies just like that Chris a
lot of hair love here we do it again oh
he loves it he loves it I was thinking
is like we know he loves no sticky
we gotta get to boogers at home are you
guys
okay so I found the snake and we're
trying to see if my gosh I didn't strike
out oh my god so trying to get this
snake I kept like hey sing at us and
jumping at us
so I freaked out get close I don't know
how to zoom in
oh my gosh it looks so disgusting okay
okay we're trying to catch it be sure to
go subscribe to Sam macaroni he is so
close eating 200,000 subscribers helped
him get there please help me get those
subscribers Oh Sam macaroni killed that
mountain dude that sounded so cool that
was the sound of my channel hearing two
hundred thousand dude I think you're
right subscribe to Sam macaroni Ezreal
12-gauge shotgun that sounded sweet go
to that Canyon that's awesome down here
the bottom because the microphones up
there D touch those missiles ain't good
I'm trying to put a space pantry in this
thing and cut it up hi guys this is
Prince's time we just dropped gums
Gavin off from football practice and uh
he look tough out there and your mom is
sure my mom is shopping for a photo
shoot we're doing tomorrow for our new
calendars for 2015
can we hurt jumpin Gavin oh he's all his
girlfriends oh snap and she was smiling
big time we saw you smiling I think she
was wait wait wait wait she watches our
videos don't serve wait we shouldn't be
talking about Gavin's girlfriend is it
Devon's girlfriend yeah what's not his
Grammy it's not my girlfriend
just so yeah guys new calendar 2015 she
turns in your calendar dude you have to
do it it's for the photo shoot
don't complain it's like he's holding
his photo like he doesn't know what to
do with it I don't know what to do with
this mom but Candace and I are looking
for things for the photo shoot
I didn't okay things get kind of crazy
around our our house and I just found
out recently like this morning that
we're going doing the photo shoot for
the calendars tomorrow so we need like
two outfits and I'm like oh my gosh
so Candace is a saint and she's helping
me put together outfits for the kids for
the calendar and we're trying to find
shoes for this little baby and it's
bonding if you still can't figure out
what he's doing with it what you're
gonna do it at that I love you say shoo
shoo shoo okay hey guys we just ran into
honor
she was so sweet I was in the food court
and she just came running up to me mommy
gave me the biggest hug that's what I
appreciate I like people that recognize
me and just come up like we're best
friends so nice to meet you Anna thanks
for watching our videos skill and wrote
read with her he dies her he's trying to
share with me here yeah he was all right
he's gonna share this this giant Hummer
bus what is that oh my gosh look at that
Shay that's the next thing you're going
to want for a property right look how
big it is crazy okay Candice is
officially the bag lady
we got bags coming out our ears boo
thank you for helping me I could not do
this without Candice because she's
really good about putting outfits
together and not only putting off it
together but pulling the trigger because
that's one of my hardest my biggest
problems with these kind of things it's
like no no I'm not sure I don't know man
and she's just like yes this looks great
yes lit yes yes
so or no because sometimes that happens
too but she's really helping me so thank
you fellas
welcome back back back okay we have a
new driver in the car this is our
chauffeur
whoa oh he's so happy I don't dare put
him back at his car seat to go we just
picked up Gavin I was practice it was
good you look sweaty hot yeah they work
your hard thank you cheeseburgers and
fries yeah sweet hallo he's so happy
put you back in your seat Jackson
Jackson I need to talk to you about
something it's time to put you back in
your seat
is that okay can we do that
even the steering room yeah okay it's
time I just came upstairs to check on my
boy
cuz he was taking a little time and
getting ready for bed look what I found
mice we love a player he's so tired and
I love him so much creepy bro yeah
that's you oh that is a sweet moment
indeed I love her she is such a good
mommy
alright love you guys thanks for
watching the videos once again if you
want to see we're doing one two three
four five years ago click on those
numbers yesterday's vlog film lucky
button you know how we do yes there will
be 2015 shade hard calendars for those
of you is this the fourth year makes me
feel happy whenever I see pictures of
you guys with our calendars in your
office so I'm sure pre-orders will be
available soon not yet but I'll keep an
oval let you know okie dokie love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow
