do you guys know what that is I don't
know what that is all I know is it's
really big and it's not welcome in my
house come on buddy you ready for
another great day let's go have another
great day because we like to have great
days here at the Shaytards that's what
it's all about having a great day
are you having a great day Toastmaster
she was nasty Brock tell them what you
just said
what's that word you just said I already
called Mia what would you call mom
what'd you call her said again baby all
sudden broch tuarach car just are saying
PewDiePie
like you watch his videos he goes me I
was it's cute are you a pity party no
he's heard it but he doesn't know what
he's saying yes just randomly saying the
number one subscribed youtuber on
YouTube randomly that is why did he go
to school today yeah love school I think
he likes school more than any of the
other kids want some breakfast buddy all
right it's 908 the other kids are at
school I take Brock tard to school add
some toast have some smiles I'm not fed
zekiel Zeek you want some food it's
breakfast time at Shaytards
okay guys this is not cool I just found
the most giant spider in our basement
look at that theme oh my gosh I don't i
okay okay get it oh I'm breathing really
hard
I've never seen a spider like this
before ever in Idaho look at that how
long do you live in Idaho forever that's
like a tarantula yeah what is it
so Casey sent me a picture of one up at
our other house and I thought he was
joking I thought it was a toy spider but
I don't think he was joking anymore
oh my god
that's not okay with me what's up tanks
fire they cannot come into my house
where there's one there's probably more
I'll put the spider catching perfectly
down oh do you guys know what that is I
don't know what that is all I know is
it's really big and it's not welcome in
my house okay I have to process this for
a minute what do you think I don't think
that's okay what are we gonna do about
this look you see that that's a spider
no you can't play with spiders I won't
let you I think maybe we do need to get
a tarantula I've heard that that if you
have a tarantula like in an aquarium
then the pheromones from the tarantula
will keep other spiders away knuckle
isn't bad back Rody's in Idaho
we're going 50 miles an hour oh I did I
have not gone down that hill that man
that's the fastest I've gone down that
we were going 50 60 miles now I need to
shoot guns out the window
you guys a very exciting moment is about
over the Sam showed up just in time to
do a little Labor Day I do some manual
labor as good old toys food that's
brought us a swing set
it's not a swing set it's a bunch of
poles right now Dean brings twins yeah
there's no seats we can hang on the
chains deal yeah dude if this isn't 16
feet to the inch you're taking this back
you better be big it's better be tall I
want a big swing out into those
mountains excited bill this swing set
built my grandma's answer like 30 years
ago nice I love it room upswing and you
know it never went us wrong so actually
guide the very same guy in the same town
Tremont in Utah built this swing set
that built the swing some of my
grandma's 30 years Jerry thanks Jerry
Jerry Rhodes he's still swinging for the
fences and Tyson said these welds are
some of the best welds there are so I
cannot wait and then ya mean Casey grew
up in my grandma's swing set that's cool
all right we'll put this bad boy
together and get swinging into the
mountain all right I have something to
show you guys what are we focusing
focusing yeah we're focus okay this is
gonna be your after-school snack are you
excited yes here's your after-school
snack yo can you believe that
where did you find that in the basement
I never won nothing down stairs how do I
feel about this no this house I was
taking Pizza frozen pizza just on my way
down starts to put it in the freezer I
saw this on the floor I thought it was
one of your toys and luckily I didn't
touch it because I didn't know for sure
I was like oh you know what I'm gonna go
get grandpa so I went and grabbed
grandpa Karl and I said Karl there's a
spider downstairs and I think it might
be a toy but I'm not sure and I don't
want to risk it and I know this is silly
but please go check and he looked at he
said that is real oh my gosh no I don't
want it guys cause I want to find out
what it is and I want it to be able to
spread out so somebody can come with it
all the way up there I mean I don't
really like killing things yet come on
guys probably look at nothing like it I
I'm so scared of spiders well this was
in your basement so we're calling a pest
control can you set out like girls back
are you honey girl I can't we really
have a snack yes I'll make you a real
snap I thought you don't have to eat
spiders it's up over there you put like
a table of snacks oh you were really
excited I'm sorry
I crushed your dream and here's the
initial unload whoa hey
for guys to carry that one post one
guide around the camera I'm seven charge
the camera
oh cool shot through the trees hold on
guys oh look at this guy's in action
through the trees rack focus these
cameras no plan
Tyson Simon holding they just flexing
his muscle yeah you can set it down you
can move if you set it down once there's
no rule that says you can't pick it back
up their buddies are just watching just
bug him about it huh we could have been
bigger I mean really could have been you
want sideways like that we're thinking
about like I don't know some other other
playground toys we could put it over
there a fire pit we've got two already
up here on the proper oh really
niggas put ice first type of position
down there yeah that's that's where
we're thinking they're damn that's good
alright Jerry Rhodes you did a good job
basically send this swing set in three
pieces we put the two ends on the pole
throw the bolts in set her straight up
we have ourselves a giant swing set just
gotta get these guys to see if they can
get there right lug nuts lined up a
little more we got our next okay good
good so me a sweet swing sweetness that
end up a little bit pick it okay I'll do
that with these muscles right here case
Oh Debbie guys it's heavy
looking muscles guys that good I did I
did it who did it
Sam just made a good point Casey what
Sam tell that story you just told me
well think about this think about this
right now there's nothing here this is
that last moment before this thing goes
up and then this thing is gonna be here
forever or kids kids are gonna be
swinging on kids kids kids but right now
there's nothing here
yeah the last moment that this swing
will not be here that's true this thing
will probably here for a long duel here
for years that's cool to think you know
and then 50 years from now people will
be on that swing and be like yeah
there's a video there's a video before
that swing ever got put up yeah what
right here oh five dollar bill man I
worked so hard for that five dollar bill
I bet you Jerry built that same one to
work they had this like like a tree
Monday or something the greasy sings up
with Crisco yeah it taper bag of five
dollar bill they're all kids you try at
the top I said I spent half a day trying
to get that five dollar bill six hours
trying to get that five dollar bill some
of us are laying in the sand you get
dirty so you get grip on the pole we're
so graceful challenge when I think about
like very fond summer memories trying to
climb that pole that summer to try to
get that five dollar bill because you
know what happened I got up there and I
grabbed the five dollar bill and it was
in a cellophane bag and I grabbed and my
forearms were so tired by that point if
you cut our six that I had it in my
hands and I was pulling on it and I was
just barely hanging on and I couldn't
get it and my fingers slipped out and I
fell off the pole the next kid went up
and got it I was so pissed I was like
one of the most disappointing moments in
my life all right ladies and gentlemen
we are hiding from the rain while Tyson
is going to attempt to erect this giant
swing set
let's see how this works out I like our
vantage point this is a very exciting
moment here let's go Oh blonde yeah
big wedding a maneuver the bottom up
ayah is that as high as you can go you
could like just hang it yeah can you can
you just go higher
maybe that's the sizing goes that as
high as you can go Tyson is that as high
as you can go
nice moves dude look it's not even put
up yet and there's already kids playing
on it I love it you did it so smooth
like a what what's that like it is
coming down in this valley oh it is so
beautiful we are so blessed to live in
such an abundant land they're getting
soaking wet right now you think we can
push it from there I'll get on top of
that skid steer come on Blake let's go
figure this out all right you guys
you're gonna stay here you guys watch
this try to figure this out wish us luck
so yeah I have a 10-minute clip of us
trying to figure out how to get this
monstrous swing set straight up after
they talked me out of getting off of the
wet slippery steel spiky objects we
tried to figure out different ways
arguing back and forth what the best
strategy would be maybe we could use
some chains I continue to suggest I
climb on top of the tall motorized
vehicle and push it over with my muscles
but none of those guys seemed confident
with that idea so they wouldn't let me
get back on the skid steer um normally I
would just like edit all this out but
this is fun being able to watch me like
install this swing set with my brother
because it's true the my great-grandkids
could swing on this swing set and I
think it would be cool for them to be
able to watch their grandpa Shea figure
out how to put the dang thing up so I
just think it's funny so or fast forward
it's right okay so back to the ideas
here's what we're gonna do we think that
if he lowers it down cuz he can't get a
high enough because we can't get to that
like access point where it'll tip over
so he's gonna lower it down we're gonna
hold it he's gonna drive up to the
higher vantage point right now we're
trying like how we're gonna hold this
this might be heavy we're like go go
it's so happy we can't stand it he comes
around so this we figure like he's gonna
be elevated here he has about no O'Shea
climb on the top of it maybe like no
check it out okay he thinks that now
they has five feet higher you can get it
up there
so we're gonna try to go up and we can
I'm figure like maybe my pull on the
chains really hard like tip it over and
it just isn't working so we figured out
because we found these giant boards so
let's cut to how we figured out how to
get this thing up alright we're on a
whole new level now
we're gonna figure this bad boy out
making a knotch alright ladies and
gentlemen
just as our species has done for
thousands of years we have built some
rudimentary tools to help us in our
effort to erect the swingset
yeah whoever built the pyramids would
have this they would've been swinging
they have been doing underdog ease by
now anyway so we have wedged these two
two by eights or whatever these are and
they're wedged into the ground holding
this monstrous steel swing set up in the
air
well Tyson is the power behind the wedge
KC's driving the wedge and this wedge is
going to hopefully push this swing set
up well I'm gonna get out of the way at
this point
all right Tyson oh Sh you go got this
with the chains alright okay braking
already go ahead dude that sucks just go
go ahead oh it's splintering that sucks
or wedge is malfunctioning look guys we
have a splinter in our wedge that
doesn't break then we're going to have
this swing set up keep going Tyson this
is our best chances of success this is
great the other thing we're worried
about is if the whole thing just tips
over and then does a somersault yeah
should we grab on to the chains they're
gonna be whipping right nice and easy
nice and easy here we go oh I'm so
excited just keep going slow earnest
stay stay stay
yeah we did it
Hey oh snap look at it like that
so what Casey means by that as soon as
that board falls over the swingset
pauses it could have fallen back towards
Tyson and that swingset could have hit
the top of Tyson Singh which could have
been scary but it pause right there then
with the other way and landed perfectly
exactly how we planned it soon we
decided I'm such a big sweet I'm so
happy
Tyson you done good you done good Tyson
so many memories can be made on these
things
look at that wedge we figured it out
dude
did it there was some stressful moment
there yeah yeah this is my dream
we felt the sleep set oh dude I love how
high it is it's actually higher than I
thought it was gonna be higher than the
Santa Monica one I don't know is it it
was so close to going all over it almost
like stay stay stay I didn't think he
was gonna go back that is cool I
guarantee Avery's gonna climb up there
and climb up in there you did it Tyson
yeah Jules we built tools Jerry
there is a known fact that it thinks get
a look oh she hit by lightning up here
right she think about that I did not
think about that a giant lightning rod
dude there frog cake got knocked down no
swinging during lightning oh I didn't
know that what we do to prevent that we
put like rubber things on the tops
that's it that doesn't happen but if we
put lightning rods cuz if you're on that
swing and it got struck by lightning
when it shock you think would it go
through we got to get big rubber seats
but if you're holding onto the metal
chains anybody lightning prevention what
do we do
Tyson huh I told you we build these as
braces was I right you were partially
right I was right he's like what no it's
talking along I'd like dude it's good
work but then his idea was to build the
wedge yeah we got a
a little bit oh yeah oh is it gonna like
a foot all right here we go now shade so
I'm the first swing I'm gonna do my
first mission what's gonna happen what
you gonna do what can he pull out for us
look at this guy's determined face dude
kick rap face I gotta get a better a
determining angle of how high you're
actually going here look at that view
all right now do it well that was sad
yeah look I always nail chase thumbnails
for him all right time to Dixon roll
Tyson you can't use the skid steer as a
sling that's a quick way to dig a hole
don't need no post hole digger here
oh all right we now have four holes
about 2 feet deep each and we're going
to fill those bad boys up with cement
after we put this what I know it's a
little deep some of your height huh
we're gonna lose a little bit huh all
right check it out they're all in the
holes the poles are in the holes now the
moment of truth if this is not in fact
measured to be 16 feet Tyson have to get
it out and climb onto those chains and
take it up there
all right cool 16 close enough well yeah
I know it was at least that 4x4 fell
Plus at least four I better know that is
nice digs that is 12 good still plenty
high kids'll definitely it's probably
actually like 13 I need a hook on that
thing he's so nimble
he's quick and nimble and you know what
he goes crazy when he hears a symbol and
a high hat too high time with a
souped-up temple what is that is that
how you measure your is that how you
measure your wiener okay
14 almost 14 be doing the jam we need to
put extenders two foot extender well
that's yeah so this is that's two feet
so we're fourth we have 14 feet of chain
to swing off that's good
you got everyone
whose what's your right arm um your way
is that your right arm breathe please
from the creases of him
she has greases on his weenus okay I
narrowly escaped the Sam macaroni shoot
we did get all the shots that they
needed for me in but now I'm finally
with the ladies yeah and the end a
handsome little pretty to do guys little
prince yeah we are actually doing a
shoot for a Maisie so we're trying on
some stuff I'm not gonna show you any of
the outlets because you have to wait and
see that but that's what we're doing
today and you look so pretty here now I
love like the little the the fifties
this is when your hair is dirty and you
haven't washed it for four days you just
wrap it up in a bun and put this on it
it works it is working okay we're
friends I was shopping at Walmart today
and went over and I are just pushing the
cart alone walk around and I turn my
look and there's this like man I'm like
and you know when you look at somebody
you know them but you're like yeah it
was Sam nobody bogatell I was like what
if you like looked at me and I'm like
that's what happens if you go shopping
in bed yeah are you me like random
people see lots of dead so funny he's
like yeah yeah this shoe I was like it's
been a very eventful day yeah we've had
a spider in the house oh yeah macaroni
shoot and now spider yes
I thought answers I thought it was fake
and I didn't trust it was baked it's a
bastard he is shooting your they saw
that I was like ooh I got his own that I
don't know no pain I don't want there to
be any of those my no found what you
found one my time is my Angela I totally
thought that he was joking I thought it
was a fake spider
oh of course everyone believes cool oh I
know
believed in I didn't believe him okay
Cooper dollar like go check all the
spider traps and then I text you like
put a spider trap catch something that
big I don't know need my straps my gosh
oh my perhaps not pretty intended good I
don't know why my whole basement but I'm
definitely getting a chest control oh
I've never seen that kind of a spider or
tarantula in Idaho this is this is crazy
something is going wrong with the world
I was football practice said muffin it
was great
so they lost were sad because the
Cowboys lost on Saturday cuz Gavin
wasn't there to be with his team their
first loss was practice hard today you
just have to run a lot yeah Gavin's the
center and he's other than the
quarterback the only person that touches
the ball every single play so it's a
very important position and we feel bad
that's it the fumble
yeah well I'm just saying you touch the
ball you and the quarterback touch the
ball every play yeah yeah it's like a
baby
the butt is like your baby baby you have
to correct your baby or hold your baby
go get that baby and hike him baby can
you hike that baby for me down no daddy
I read honey so long go long yeah hook
Zico spinner wasn't in her puppy okay
tell you what today was a busy day we
built a swing set we made a movie with
Sam macaroni thought a spider was an
exciting day the kids went back to
school
Brock loves school yeah busy
hopefully with moving our house soon oh
I can't wait get in closer
alright we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow BAM
I like that yellow colored in slate all
side is so bright colorful I wanna see
those people wanna see those people on
the YouTube and I want a thumbs up to
everybody oh nice cow man so yesterday I
was putting up the vlog while Sam and I
were shooting this brand deal you guys
know one Sam comes to town we're
shooting some kind of brandy and where
we destroy the house so yes that's what
we're doing anyways while we're doing
that I was due
the ants late for yesterday's vlog it
sounds like wow you have to find links
for all of those like yeah there's I'm a
work to seven links here we got five
videos that's the bet is so cool to me
to be able to that you can go see what
we were doing exactly one year ago two
three four if you want to know exactly
five years ago what we were doing on
this very day you can click on that
little baby down there that's five years
and going back to watch those videos is
trippy um it's cool to have this log
this log of our life I encourage you
guys if you know vlog yourselves or even
just you know write down in the journal
you know things about your life it's
interesting to have I promise later on
anyways also click on a video see what
we're doing yesterday if you don't like
to click on that button we appreciate
you guys hanging out and being with us
all this time and I hope you like 25
minute vlog it's not cuz I don't care
about you guys I'm just busy trying to
make other stuff for you guys ok love
you see you tomorrow
