hi okay we're on set of the monster you
mommy and me shells
doesn't he look so hot Oh hands whoa
whoops and Cecily is here hi she's been
watched I had my hair styled by someone
in that room he's such a good stylist it
broke the style of the stylist
he's very stylistic yeah fabric he loves
doing here lately we've been doing you
got my treasurer is that your pirate
sword yes Oh much way Oh is your
treasure Pokemon card yeah yeah where
did you get those Pokemon cards did you
find a buried no Gavin give me that
sounds just like the pirate I mean and
if you give me to me getting ready to
pounce say hi everybody
oh he says he loves the camera look at
coulee luck Oh way to go waster is this
hipster I think so
or maybe like skater find me the hall
initiator yeah get our boy some here
visiting very dapper such unique style
yeah very looking very like a Hamptons -
mm-hmm Wednesday is looking very like
I'm sure yeah he's on Monaco meets
Montana
oh okay look he's a cutest little turkey
he's trying to like he really ugly he's
doing our turkey and then we've got our
he's is mr. Brummel oh he's so cute and
he's so happy yes your friend dressed as
a prince
my name is pretty adorable haha he is
like fun then we've got our little
Native American baby who wears this
where's the Hat we have his hat oh it's
right here
and this is the Hausa will go on him if
we can get him to wear it as you can see
he's really thrilled about this outfit
and so if we can just get through the
next few minutes with Dennis will be
gold
alright that's a wrap on the Native
American outfit how did you feel this
thanks mom for dramatizing hmm he's so
cute that was just the cutest thing I
think maybe I've ever seen
yeah I'm just gonna go ahead and say it
was really yeah sufficient
I guess yeah you guys I have to check
that out on the mom's view I just went
to the best restaurant ever excuse me
what is this restaurant Hall it's 50
Miki Miki lifts an EP the Swift and Miki
Miki rep unique you yeah like say but
with Swift touch foot up let me get up
to baby got it guys I mean okay you like
this with Miki right they make wonderful
french fries fresh or you just caught 50
okay we're at the swifty restaurant I
just ordered a burger and fries Alaskan
burger and fries because you could you
love their food and everybody's free on
Sundays on a Friday and Saturday it's
free Wow I'm never coming here any other
day than Friday and shopping
haha free food Friday Saturday we have a
few managers Oh like in your race she
always says that always push you
actually do it never
oh it says that I might have to take
that up with her yeah and I ordered the
birthday cake ice cream cone for dessert
it's awesome and I'm over Jace in there
oh never a bad time you're so cute
I love you you want some of my ice cream
I ate today
oh I thought you ate a whole jar of
peanut butter to exchange
oh yeah
g-girl i thought it would be 22222 or
something like that but better than
enough Gavin what do you think nonsense
weirdo okay alright
Gavin Gavin had a hilarious line what
did you just say I said what did I say
said I'm glad we're a family I said I'm
glad for a family because this is like
the shortest line yeah amber and for
other reasons too but we also do get to
go through the shortest line LAX
it's pretty nice headed home all right
we're through security we're in the
hallways of Los Angeles International
Airport it's always the hardest part
going through security but luckily we
got a pre-check line so we have to take
our shoes or anything out of our bags it
was awesome we hit the lottery line
that's the best line we hit the lottery
when it came to TSA check-in Lions had
to go wet white walk right through so
nice I think it's it like phone yeah
you're like that looks like a lot of
work you guys just get the hell out of
here just go just go through I'm excited
to go see our house hopefully it's done
we can start moving in it I like your
kitty cat ears on 2-dose and Taylor
Swift twenty two minutes you got that
video she did oh I see I see
look at those best little buddies best
little travel buddies so cute
travel in the world together as brothers
I get this cuteness over here
everything I love right over there well
my little love leave it to the Shaytards
in the airport to find a sir random
place to sit you climb on high I love
you touch the plane here we go
with my shirt baby Jackson touch the
plane good job hi yeah the video oh
we're getting no plane we get on the
plane
we're good good job hi look at these
hosers
good morning for 22 row 22 look for 22
you see 22 fire in the back they're
excited to be heading back time out are
you too big what am i doing decided to
head back Idaho no come on yeah we got
the back we got the very back very back
you learn to deal with rock turn
we're boarding
what does this guy do we gotta go we're
boarding come on you guys see look
starting to look at your mom weird look
at that guy we got a board we gotta go
hurry every go in the airplane we're
waiting for our paninis our paninis oh
there they are
there's our paninis so excited we got
chicken paninis
alright everyone to the plane we're
boarding we gotta go
Pocatello here we go yo yo yo yo alright
so whenever you're ready for the I told
you so just let me know let and all the
girls fought said no we don't want all
the crown molding to be dark we would
think it should be white and then I
thought I said no it should all be dark
it should match the mantle the beautiful
piece of wood and I overruled them and
do you like it
oh yeah the ambiance to me yeah looks so
good yeah it's gonna be so cute here so
damn cute here can't wait yeah oh you
guys check it out Logan has the
brand-new iPhone iPad Mini amazing way
let me see it feels bigger than I think
I would want in a phone that's it feels
good
yeah I think I might stick with the
small one that's weird cuz I thought I
heard there was a big one I'm like out
yeah I get the bigger one but now that I
have in my hands I feel like it's too
big like this won't be easy to like yeah
when I see these pictures on Instagram
the camera on it like scrolling is it
really yeah the camera it's cool to see
things that big when you scroll through
are you gonna get the brand new iPhone
I'm also wearing my brand new ice
bathroom since where I I poop is where
I'm like the business is nice does that
light oh that's doing it that's on
anyways you guys this is we're getting
close to being finished the finishing
touches of my little this is my little
bathroom up my personal project that's
good it's like it starting to look good
there's the potty we're getting so close
getting moved in all I do
