hi I'm log in here oh good morning today
we have a big day today do we have a big
day today
yeah smiling a his sister Wow what are
you guys doing making this puzzle a day
that's a puzzle they got at VidCon
anything
you picked the pretty girl to do yeah
put together walk out because I love her
my favorite Super Girl my favorite
liebherr girls who is that do you know
do you guys know who that is
I have no idea I might have seen her is
that superwoman I'm a woman's more like
round blue I know some of you out there
must know me that I don't know who it is
tonight is you know are you reading Dave
Ramsey again oh he is trying to work up
on his Total Money Makeover he is
getting his life started oh okay like
spider-man so today we've got che MV
filming and mom you're filming
busy day and this is a busy body right
now it is time it's that age stop
stepping on J bodies that is so rude he
pulls all the books off the shelf
okay I'm gonna borrow that thank you
pulls all the books off the shelf
everything everything goes on the floor
pretty much
and he goes climbing look at him oh do
you know what that reminds me of yeah
five minutes remember the stanky leg
that reminds me the stanky leg without
legs are all wobbly wobbly DK yeah you
remember bra hey Rach do you remember
the stinky leg you do can you show me
the stanky leg
you're a little bit stronger on your
life nowadays
come to this dankey leg this is the
Shaytards morning workout at the stinky
leg wait I think we didn't we need to
clarify it it's called the stanky leg
you are calling it stinky stinky legs a
whole other thing guys yeah we get
stinky leg let's do the stanky leg your
chart oh you doing a psyche leg how do
you miss Thank You leg I'm doing the
stanky like I'm going to start you start
thank you like oh I love this tank you
make it up dog are you so happy I come
full circle when fish when this one's
doing the stanky leg and this one can
now walk each mistake you walk so well
sorry excited to film you there honey
more filming more family gonna balcony
that's no more lotsa Tilghman that's why
we're here in California hey guys look
we have permission for child labour now
that's weird I'm calling outside but
he's excited to see what goats are there
hi
careful time to get up time for child
labor child labour get up get up this
time they're lucky they get to sleep in
they get a tutor on set to help them
with their homework seriously you guys
are lucky you have the most annoying
father in the world the motor named Phil
about
like love you too Gavin it's time for
another wonderful day in your life take
another wonderful do you want to have
another wonderful day in your lifetime
excited for you this is the function
Gavin Gavin
it is annoy yes
Gavin laughing oh yeah that's how we
wake up the children this is what you
have to look forward to in your life are
you excited yeah yeah
mommy cards mommy cards want to make her
I'm just going to take Daphne to maker
Oh dachshund Daxton has a shoot her and
I'm going back to pick him up and then I
don't you today so Jackson has a shoot
at maker you have a few here and I have
a shoot in Manhattan Beach I wasn't
going to be in his shoe but we had to
rearrange things so that I could be at
the AFV thing tonight yeah we're going
to a taping of America's Funniest Videos
AFV I'm excited yeah tonight all of us
she's excited because you had to miss it
lesson I feel like every time I go huh
what would we see yeah okay let me guess
by now I'm getting an uber and they're
driving the van to maker studios right
now it's gonna be a big day okay here we
go we're starting a TV episode a couple
episodes photoshoot alter our stuff and
Cecily is our sitter she's our nanny and
she's got a lot of babies today
Thank You Timmy and you're gonna have a
brief well we're gonna call this the
wiggle room the wiggle vicious away Bob
it sure did that's a little sesame with
hey that's a go hair foot when you got
it gave me a haircut the other pay
attention to where Winston is so you
don't put the book in his face okay
the great thing about Tesla she always
had attitude so even though things may
be very stressful
she's always giggling and that's the
blessing in my life I love your laugh
with Emily
the good thing about being here at maker
are there are lots of women here that we
love the babies and they come in and
they will hold them and help so I'm
pretty sure that she'll be okay but it's
just that's a lot of babies all right we
just finished an episode it's gonna be a
good one I think we talked for like 40
minutes so it's going to be a long
episode talking about cell phones child
safety such thing oh it was a good one
hey wait so the real thing happens in
real life right
watch out oh man I thought everyone's
gonna think I support talking super
outsides and taking naked nudies I don't
support any of those things
well yeah you first talk super about sex
though I mean I know but like in the way
I was saying it cuz I try to make
everything funny and alright I just like
a terribie other dongle I think you're
overthinking it you are now who are ya
you guys wait and see it's gonna be
awesome nobody's getting in the vision
we love him guys remember any of it
oh you wanted more we can desert her
this time I know how local now yeah whoo
are you ready we're getting ready for a
little photo shoot with the the babies
now and I'm gonna get my lips lined a
little bit and I've never worn this
color of lips like what do you guys
think Carly and Annie suggested it and
so far it's kind of fun it's a little
different but I like it got Caelian
winds down it is so fashionable and
you're minty minty I live in cotton okay
I have this next one on are you jealous
oh you want the balloons oh and then we
have a dream Oh
no seriously like we had a debate she
didn't want to wear it but then we
compromised she's got for the caucus so
I look it up mm-hmm
see I'm good at fashion things uh he
doesn't have his pants on I can't film
him get your pants on we're getting
ready to go to A&E were meeting Shea
there he's already there he's been doing
stuff for them all day and we're going
to show up all dressed up and ready to
go and curl and I hair me and Princess
cardigan and hair curling our hair
together it's really cute it's good it
feels like mother and daughter bonding
time cuz we only have one curling iron
so she's curling and then I'm curling
and then we talk and between and anyways
yeah hey we're not done curling our hair
Carly in it having a curling patty all
right we made it to the studios but
somebody else um quite ready guys look
what I got got this little lip I love
this lip is just like my favorite little
lips just a little bit hello everybody
here looks good huh looks very
Oh Rock Uli's you wanna wake up oh no
nothing hmm alright this is the very
first time they've watched it Taylor I
can't believe they've gotten this long
without seeing it yet you've never seen
this before
okay let me think
well II reaction okay we just watching
beautiful music video I think you look
good there's a little bit of much
shaking and what did you think about it
I like a girl when she had like you yeah
when she yeah um was doing the
cheerleading and then uh uh hey wait do
you want to see it it was like this
radio and then it she has a hat on with
lipstick and then she's just dancing and
I wish I could jump okay I'll stop
spoiling it so yeah I thought it was
good do you like it laughter I think
they can watch it at home and we're
about to go so because we wrecked our
dad feet forever I know like for like no
20 like for for who knows but we were to
see for a long time so we're good say
hey do you guys the craziest thing I was
supposed to upload this video on Friday
but my dog ate my homework
yeah sorry uh sorry guys yeah we didn't
upload the vlog on Friday my bad
our weekend was crazy we were shooting I
was at America's Funniest Videos you saw
there's just little we did that for like
three four days of like back-to-back
shooting but don't worry because the
things that we filmed
you're gonna love I promise you will
later on once you see what we made
you'll watch the videos you like oh
that's good I'm glad you had to miss a
day because you were busy shooting that
cuz that's funny I like it
you'll laugh like that and your life
will be better anybody that's weird
alright love you guys we'll be back to
normal tomorrow tomorrow's Monday it's
Sunday night we had a great day to saw
my tweet me and collective a a talk on
marriage and about why we think families
are so important and why our marriage is
the most important thing in our lives so
we've talked a little bit about that
today maybe we should talk to you guys
about on our podcast we can do podcasts
we'll do that this week and it's make
good weight queso love you guys see you
tomorrow bye
