I spent some time with my ring lovers
what that's weird
you smell that Taylor that's good old
sunny southern Los Angeles good morning
everybody and welcome to the vlog stay
right there okay so here's what's going
on um late last night I had to do this
you
you
I'll get that moon that's a bright moon
let's go see it
and we're here in Los Angeles
oh what a flight what a night I'm
exhausted
can't wait to go to bed waking up
tomorrow I have something very exciting
oh it's crazy I'll let you guys know
tomorrow what I'm doing but right now I
just got to get a good night's rest I'll
see you guys tomorrow
ah anyways so I'm in Los Angeles today
I'm about to take this bad boy out for a
spin zzzz and I can't give you too many
details the reason that I'm here is
almost a year ago there was a production
company here in Los Angeles that wanted
to do a TV show so I'm sort of helping
kind of consult on it
not really I'm not going to be in it but
I'm gonna kind of be I don't know I
don't know what my role is going to be
yet but they are to the point now where
they're pitching to the major networks
networks that have like C's and B's in
them and a z' in the anyways so I'm here
today to go pitch a TV show with this
production company and I don't know it
could be a cool thing to be involved in
so I flew out here real fast hey what
are you doing back home I miss you she's
actually flying out here tomorrow cuz
we're we miss each other so honey I love
you
and by the way that really scared me
last night okay dachshund just wanted to
show me his a guitar I am my own man oh
man when I cannae on the arrow and then
he said mom do you want a guitar and I
said yes
heck yeah remembered fire oh all right
are you ready to play our guitars
together player guitars ready
Mimi you're a rock star Dax
show them your ninja move that is cool
what you are a ninja just now if that
isn't a California shot I don't know
what is
that's pretty man here we are not with
the vacationers late lunch loungers just
sitting by the beach under an umbrella
I'm getting my tires pumped up because
they are flat so these fine gentlemen
here at this Mike Renault shop are
hooking me
okey dokey thank you to the fine
gentlemen who pumped up my tire for me I
appreciate that hey hey hey you guys
look at this I'm very pleased with
myself I stopped to get a water and I
this bike doesn't have a water holder
but I found a way to I'm gonna wedge it
in between the brake cables so it holds
it perfectly and now I'm just crew crew
crew cruising along my water bottles
just sitting right there being held by
the brake cables cuz I was like I'm
MacGyver how about what school I wanted
to show you guys K bye it's so
satisfying because I was like man I
don't want to drink all that water right
now but I don't want to waste it what am
I gonna do a cool green car trade your
pink slips bra
Hey Dude it's a truly well we'll think
about it I check this out we're just
getting few groceries and look there's a
little section where you could pick out
a healthy snack for your kid for free so
Dax I picked out an apple yeah cool
nice good service right there that it's
good grocery it was the word I'm looking
for is just good customer service
anyways we're doing the cat thing this
morning no we already got an apple come
on let's go Oh What's Wrong Sam yeah I'm
all right and what else do we get this
morning tooth brushing stuff we got new
toothbrushes and floss yeah boo I'm so
happy for you well here we are again in
the car
we're going home ladies we know your
little bit nervous in the world we doing
hi let's put the other one in the car
hydrated fool you ready to go home
I took a hominy oh sorry babe I'll try
to get a better shot you go alright
let's go home ladies I love you
look I stopped here because they had my
name on it I'm like you're at the beach
Butler anyways here's my bike with my
cool water bottle holder hey I want to
say something about vlog comentary
coming out on YouTube Red October 26 I
know there are some of you guys who are
frustrated that it's on YouTube red one
because it costs money nobody want to
spend money right and two it's not
everywhere it's in a lot of places and
it will probably be expanding to more
places I'm sure I'm not saying that I
know or when but to me I've looked into
YouTube red I like YouTube red there's a
lot of benefits I'm not just saying it
like my goal you gotta say this because
this is your movie shake I think about
YouTube red is like this that's
supporting team internal if you've been
along the ride of this journey called
YouTube for the last ten years we're
talking like Michael Gallagher you guys
remember the guy that I shot that Shay
lost shayloss you're gonna lose that on
this Beach Michael Gallagher the guy who
edited that video with me in the editing
Bay at maker studios he has a brand new
movie on YouTube read called the thinny
and it's a good movie YouTube is
allowing creators and my friends to do
really cool things they could do before
rhett and Link the buddy cops what it
rattling what is your show called it's
on YouTube red there's so many other
projects Joey Graceffa project I just
steamed Timothy DeLaGhetto these are the
people that have been trying to upload
and create free content for a decade and
now we're trying to you know create
other stuff that we couldn't before and
YouTube red is enabling us to do it and
I'm super proud that YouTube red
believed in our movie vlog you mentoree
enough to buy it they did buy the rights
to it and it is behind their pay wall I
believe in YouTube I believe in YouTube
red and I believe that because we've
been all getting these free videos on
YouTube for so long we've created this
culture of like whoa you just get free
stuff on YouTube it's not cheap it's not
easy to make a lot of this stuff it's
just the evolution
of this thing that we all love and it's
not like you know the other YouTube is
going to go away but I see YouTube red
as a really cool place that is giving
creators my friends an opportunity to do
some really cool stuff if you did donate
to the movie you will still get your
perks if you haven't received our
updated email I recommend that you go to
your IndieGoGo account where you donated
and make sure you update your current
email address then we can get a hold of
you because there's some of you that are
tweeting me that we've emailed you and
you can't get a hold of us we've
fulfilled a lot of the perks there's
some we still have to fulfill so go to
IndieGoGo get on to your account make
sure that you have your updated email
and then we'll get a hold of you okay
I'm pumped I'm gonna go for another ride
I love you guys this is not another ride
this is a continuation of the right I
got to get home first okay maybe wait oh
where to go oh no we just got a bouncy
ball there it is
it didn't go down the drain okay you
ready you got to bounce it bounce it
okay you threw it but watch watch this
is a bouncy ball you can bounce really
high watch ready ready ah where to go
and then I love just just playing with a
bouncy ball with Jackson coz he's so
happy
whoa where to go it is get it whoa got
it
now try to bounce it and catch it
watch watch try this ready watch watch
mom watch watch mom bounce catch can you
do that whoops
okay I'll learn some time try again try
again
oh yes guys this is still my laundry
room don't wash wash
cute where to go
you guys remember playing with a bouncy
ball when you were that age like the
first time you tried bouncing it I don't
remember the first time but I remember
just seeing so like it bounces how does
it do that huh where'd it go okay now
try to bounce it little and try to catch
it or just throw it that's good
yeah well he's apparently doing whatever
he's trying to do so at least he's
having fun you know I could not come to
Venice without visiting my babies how
you doing
missed you guys yes I gotta go I got
some unzan to go with my ring lovers
what that's weird baby um you know I
just like to do the Rings it's me Mom I
really think my Styles improved I got
this new thing where I let my belly hang
out of the bottom of my shirt gets tens
every time no think yeah I need to spend
a lot more time down here on the beach
up it's like running jumping push-up
means gonna get real me and me and
Colette are signing up for a half
marathon that's official give me one
week of training I'll be back in tip-top
training shape palm chubby what'd you do
the roof
he touched the roof good good job
Daxton hey I love you all right
I'm home from the bike ride I got two
hours to get ready to go to the pitch
and then we're going and then Colette's
coming tomorrow night so we're hanging
out and then we're going to Toronto
Canada for buffer fest I got to get the
shower we'll see you guys tomorrow okay
