hello good morning it is a beautiful day
to do CrossFit to make our bodies strong
and feel special guess who's running the
New York City Marathon with me nothing
exciting about what's happening today
Derrick ray Miller and Carly Maria
Velazquez you ready you ready tie your
shoes Park our armpits Derek doesn't
laser hair all right we're gonna do
CrossFit right now Colette's on her way
it's gonna get hardest workout of my
entire life was kind of like a reunion
though it was fun hanging out with my
good buddies Derek and Ryan being with
Carly my sister and my wife and a little
baby Daxton but Carly was excited
because she said a new PR on six sets of
20 on the baby dumbbells in under five
minutes
where you at rich Froning okay so we
just finished CrossFit and these
freaking diehards think we need to go
run stairs and I'm dying I'm gonna run
stairs with a baby Carly aunt of the
year kidnapped bro tard all the babies
Derek so Carly just took the baby from
Colette she's like let me take him I'm
gonna watch every house today you got a
real live baby there he is better live
baby
Clarence rinrin's stairs I guess coming
out on the field it's a bummer coming in
a 5 foot 9 198 pounds he's playing
receiver for the IO state bangles he's
going long ladies and gentlemen he's
gonna get a touchdown seven points
hello we're in the mini dome
this is where the Idaho State Bengals
play right here this is the Holt Arena
the local college and I guess we're on
these stairs up and down these maybe
they call them bleachers Derrick sprint
run at me nice dude we gotta bring a
football let's just bring the football
and play catch up her throw me that bad
man
show me the banana touchdown touchdown I
should have caught that fumble on the
field
bananas cracked open yeah that's right
his body's a rectangle we're racing on
baby charts homework I have to find
different shapes in the room rectangle
could be a rectangle or square
hey I'm plug in here with my rectangle
rectangle yeah okay now we've got a fine
circle if you haven't noticed we're also
packing to go to LA this week we have
some shoots for the kids and Shay and I
so we're headed to LA but the good thing
is the kids will have a tutor on set so
they won't get hold on circle we found
another circle it's difficult time
there's a big one on the wall circle and
a circle it's like a triangular circle
yeah yeah okay what aside you suck no
triangles there's not as many of those
in here try going three
the 3d trial sorta yeah tricky tricky
tricky triangles there are much harder
to find in my bedroom who traffic in
Idaho can't get anywhere cuz there's
always so much dang traffic right in the
middle of the road jeepers how am I
supposed to get up to the mountain
traffic
hi Hawaii hey you're so tubular and
radical here hold the camera while I
make this sweet shot my phone man do we
need to get the baby Carly's been
babysitting so that might be the baby
the baby what we're gonna do tonight
whether we have to watch bethany mota
guys that is what I'm gonna be doing
well then we're gonna go out to wingers
I know you guys are doing we have to
support our Bethenny Wilson's bethany
mota what did we talk about you guys you
remember we were at the streamys we're
sitting a really nice fancy table
Colette's been trying to make this shot
for 15 minutes watch I just told him I
told him 15 I don't want to embarrass
you it's really been like 48 hours we've
been out for two days consecutive we
sleep in the back of that truck we have
somewhere no lavars in water that
stashed a table underneath there to lay
out our sleeping bags I turn on the
halogen lights up here there's a light
and she just shoots and shoots and
shoots and that was the first one she
made can I have the rest of those
granola bars if you're not gonna get the
rest of them I need another shot woman
get out of my kitchen I'm making
souffl√©s
get out of here see that face
No drop the ball run off like a little
girl beat nur all right Mickey Mouse
are you contractually obligated to wear
that yeah doesn't it obviously does the
question I just want to know what your
process is when you see that the store
feel like I have a connection with it do
you feel obligated kind of to I'm late
to wingers I'm never late to wingers all
the family decided to go here I said
okay yes I will see you there and I'm a
little late but I'm gonna go see him
right now
Hey so I fulfill my promises or do I
fulfill my promises
how many tired your sparkly moon boots
Kiwi Loco we're having you over on a
school night you go home to bed oh my
Hill Roth connects for just plain
connect for while you eat your yogurt
you had to
bethany mota is on Dancing with the
Stars next vote bethany mota oh yeah
somebody but you're Colette's excited
team Internet team Internet oh there's a
good boy there's a good boy
you eat all your food did you eat all
your dinner you better have yeah I made
him a very good dinner almost do some
rice in there for everybody the rest of
it I want to eat every last morsel Zeke
eat it eat the rest
oh I thought your water now here's the
water I forgot
okay sorry dude Oh getting it I'm
getting it hey now who else is thirsty
hey watch this there
Tom Bergeron
she said YouTube blogger that's awesome
she says I'm a YouTube vlogger love it
this is cool though but they're doing
with the YouTube player interesting cool
team Internet you guys you better vote
for Bethany Dancing with the Stars on
ABC she better win there's a little
where'd he go he done Jackson you got to
watch these two play Jackson and Zeke
I'll just go at it Jackson holds his own
with them too and I'll sit there and
fight for a good 20 minutes Jackson
never backs down to him thanks pretty
good about being a little soft hey hey
you brush teeth get ready for bed okay
you it's time to get ready for bed okay
you Brock Butler go brush your teeth
okay okay okay you'll get ready for bed
time for bed I don't know what a bed I'm
tired I didn't CrossFit today I'm sore
that's fun I have actually excited it
we're going again tomorrow tomorrow
morning you saw I like you doing it
together it's fun yeah I like hanging
out with you you better go to bed now
okay let's go so we get good sleep okay
goodnight goodnight bye love you see
tomorrow fight and then we set our
prayers and brush our teeth and went to
bed and then we woke up the next day
that's that that's the end
Hey oh yes feeling lucky button guys new
podcast with Kassem G talking about
Sasquatch do you believe that is the
question do you believe I've heard some
stories I am way more of a sasquatch
believer since like I've hear like all
the stories that I've heard from you
plus like people that I know in this
town that I've met that I trust have
told me stories I'm like dude
something's up so do you believe in
Sasquatch click on the feeling lucky
button to look go check out the watch
the podcast we love you guys click glad
we're going to California today we have
to get on a flight at 6:00 anyways we'll
see you tomorrow I'm gonna be so busy uh
hopefully I'm gonna try to get little
clips throughout the day of those so
stay tuned think about it this way you
guys are going on a midweek trip to Los
Angeles you're coming with us it's a
Tuesday and we're gonna fly it
tomorrow's Tuesday
wait what's today today that's was
yesterday's walk yes tomorrow we're
going to Los Angeles it'll be fun
