hey how about this I'll believe in
Bigfoot if you believe in Jesus know the
bigfoot is real oh my Lanta
oh mylanta pardon my language there is a
casts of G in Pocatello Idaho why am I
here celebrity man celebrities in my jaw
walking like okay Qasim's here fighting
Bigfoot he's searching for the Squatch
yep we're here we're gonna be a meeting
with dr. Jeff Meldrum who's a doctor of
anthropology at Idaho State University
who also studies Sasquatch and he has
the world's biggest laboratory with the
world's biggest collection of track
castings and things like that
very excited Kassem really believes them
to quote us he's here to find Bigfoot
and one of the world's being most
renowned PhDs is here anyways we're
going to hang out all right we're just
wrapped on our Bigfoot shaped just met
the professor yeah we just learned a lot
it's not very successful shoot very
low-key shot it do you guys believe in
Bigfoot
interesting a lot of evidence the class
that he's going to be teaching uh it's a
class of ancient relic hominid inquiry
which is a lot easier than saying it's a
Bigfoot class people that are interested
and have a genuine interest can take
this class at ISU it's a great guy great
teacher great man so I think I think
this doctor is like Kasim's Jeff
Goldblum in Jurassic Park we're like you
know how the little kid was like in love
with that other professor the little kid
in Jurassic Park that's like you and
this guy I love it like foot I move here
if I could look close - do you believe
in Bigfoot do you have any stories your
family or your grandparents have any
stories a Bigfoot I don't know I don't
think I believe yeah there's people
there's people that watch your show that
believe in Bigfoot and you're making
them feel stupid and that's not right
they feel why am i my guiding come to my
facebook page and tell me all about it
cuz I'll hear you Shea's just gonna make
fun of you even though he believes in
like weird planets
hey how about this Bob I'll believe in
Bigfoot if you believe in Jesus know the
bigfoot is real I'm not trying to offend
anybody who please a bit I believe in
Bigfoot
dude I'll believe in Bigfoot you guys I
believe in a Bigfoot it could be there
could I listen I would not say that
there's no Bigfoot there could be a
Bigfoot there could be there could be
many Bigfoot there could be 2500
according to studies okay here we are
I think Assam likes it there's lane for
bogey
there's lane for bogey and seeking Bronx
going up the hill right first
riding motorcycles in the mountains it's
really fun somebody go push them in got
cool bro it is he didn't jump in there
jump in there come on guys it's fun
jump in jump in oh look at you man
you're thirsty you look like a panther
so I'm mad that I didn't get it on
camera but when we first came up here
Zeke jumped into this and it's a lot
deeper than he thought and he was
swimming so I want to see him jump in it
again but he won't but I think he wants
to because I think he liked it but I
didn't get surprised him but he's like I
think I want to do that again
well there's fish in there the dogs oh
my gosh dude why did you wear your socks
outside you're such a bad dog you got in
the only mud puddle on the entire place
you're a bad dog get those socks he's so
happy with himself you're in trouble
young man
how am I going that off that probably
stinks cuz it's been sittin water up
there it's like dirty tar mud yeah I
don't want to hear it I don't care if it
was fun you're supposed to right in the
back of my trunk now how are you
supposed to do that huh you don't care
look at those paws on your face busted
what well I know you like it up here
oh okay you can stay a pair of soon I
know we're gonna live I know it's taken
a long time remodeling takes a long time
Blaine took a spill
he loves Paris I'll do that lien provoke
II went home took a spill on the
motorcycle yeah
got me got me pretty good welcome to
Idaho bro yeah a lot of gravity here
uh-huh
great we're Cassie liking it yeah it's
beautiful
oh it really is playing you just got
davit you know it's I'm so bad yeah I'm
sorry how does it hurt that's gonna
sting it's moving your hand that's gonna
do the hike we got to get him doing the
hydrogen peroxide yeah I start getting
the bubbles the bubbles going Wi-Fi here
this is a wife moment I'm really calling
wife to do hi guys I'm princess tide um
Carly and my dad went on a 15-mile run
so we're bringing them bananas in water
because they're doing a marathon in New
York and I don't know when but I know
that he's going to we're trying to meet
him halfway
yeah so I don't know where they are good
luck hmm
we're just watching just in case so we
passed by them okay here's something
else of water and then drinking edom
they need you know if you guys want
bananas having them approaching cooking
no potassium right what's he know over
that well I don't know how did you learn
that I'm I'm Artem I'm a smart applause
smartos okay they're all smart O's so
they'll eat up and then they'll drink up
and then potassium to help them so they
don't cramp up I'm a claw mom's name
cramping no if I add so I've got all of
our bananas and waters and apples and
you can own the cases good we can't wait
Carrie Underwood Palma
we're still listening to Gary and oh
shoot
so keep calling people oh good job guys
good job
you're like mine six miles up huh yeah I
got done yet running six miles uphill
it's twice as hard as running 15 miles
straight yeah holy for sure battle it
flow let it flow you guys are awesome
hey Dad where's who laying down in the
road
Oh our marathoners oh my goodness how
far did you go Dean I think that's a
good run sweat the goal the goal was 15
it is 14 and it's hot out here they're
dying oh my gosh they're dead they're
pretty much dead already
it says we can do hard things but I
don't know about this I don't know about
this you can do it it'll hard thing now
you did you ran your the half that you
ran last week was it last week
you just trumped it we did it farther we
branded 14 miles I think this is harder
than having a baby in seven years since
I've had
it's hard I'm proud of them hot chick it
not hot chick getting out hot chick it
no use me for your brand I'll command
ran away
friend he'll think I sent some money my
way no but you can send some honey dijon
pretzels oh I actually am starving
they're taking it all we lemon Thank You
far bloato's um okay so castles up here
we're gonna shoot a podcast that's
exciting
it's that time again to have delicious
healthy snacks for 50% off Qasim say it
with me
ones already open I ate it all the way
up here I never had opened that I'm so
freakin on JC you like it okay
he has her at first Kassem G so the way
to go naturebox
trust me that is not an easy no this is
not easy getaway to go from castle
that's quite like the one I haven't
gotten a way to go from castle prefer
probably like our entire friendship so
easily that's how good nature boxes it
is I feel like you're like a hot
naturebox model how would you model them
what would you say I hate this on the
way up here no I had the other one that
was like that high
that would look AK ie how do you say
that I saw E I saw these very crunchy
showing Asia berry I'm like it but ASA
berry
Tommy acai not Asia okay we know that
it's there gets rid of the free radicals
you know this drill you go to
naturebox.com/tyler you get 50% off Iran
hold the camera please I won't eat this
Iran 14 miles today
I'm so stinking hungry partner's
thinking Lee my thing my app on my
running outside I burned 2,100 calories
we probably did we had 14 miles we're
looking good really cute oh I think you
look look if I eat healthy I will I'm
like right there where I'm about to like
get looking good again but it's like I
keep eating like crap that's why I grab
the nature box like I'm gonna eat that
before the podcast so I'm not starving
to death and pissed off
I eat 16 cheeseburgers okay this is good
I need some more because I'm so
dehydrated okay I lost son today - okay
love you we're doing the podcast in the
mountains I'm excited with my hot wife
all the kids are on her face George
you're not you're not getting paid to do
this so what all the family George works
to make this videos well that's just
George lay in poor Lane wrecked
yesterday on the motorcycle in my face
Oh what about your friend yeah how's
your arm dude single how's your knee my
knee is doing okay oh it's range Lane
was on the motorcycle he was coming
around this quarter there was some
gravel on it he was going too hot and
fast yeah check out my Instagram there's
a picture of it yes four lane provoked
moves on insta Colette those really nice
you what all the photos on Instagram
that you like oh this is really nice
every time I get a little update it's
like it's nice he's cooked footy with my
wife hmm
yeah good out here Kassem if I die do
not marry Qasim Kay a Sunday evening in
Idaho my oh my look at that sky hey what
are you doing there's kids everywhere
down here
hey baby tired baby tarde come here I
want to show you something
come here you guys come here I wanna
show you something all right come here I
want to show you something
so Taylor Swift you guys have you ever
heard a baby tarde
come here come here I need to show you
something hurry you do come here look
who's that mmm Taylor Swift just put
that on her tumblr read what it says on
the bottom a V what does that say on the
bottom who is this child and how do I
find her
Taylor Swift said that about you
she says that's good concert okay you
want to go to the concert you want to go
to the concert all right no open here
shirt up what do you think about that
Taylor Swift just posted that she said
she wants to find out who you are want
to go to another concert okay I don't
think you saw what the gift said this
was last time that I got you tickets to
the Taylor Swift concert here's what
you're saying
told you this originally hole originally
Texas your dad that Carly did Taylor
Swift they don't really love you I love
you everything back ever
what was she of your neck you just wear
her for a pajama shirt is that Taylor
Swift oh that's a snowboard easy
runaround look Carl a stock Kylie can
mean you go to the concert oh yeah did
you hear that do you swing she wants
baby touch just me and you Oh what about
your sister oh she can marry me oh stop
it
Taylor Swift's not gonna want to see you
anymore perfect baby jars yeah she's
really standing up for herself
where are you guys going this little
boat that comes into the heart
they're just like wow oh yeah her boy
she has that yeah that's true
all right well Taylor Swift would love
to hang out just to say one thing I'm
not trying to be rude but I keep on
trying fell asleep do you want to
apologize sorry
very rude my name all right Taylor Swift
centaur apologizes for falling asleep at
your concert can you text a nurse it
says she can do another concert so I can
just see it you mean like your very own
private concert or like a concert with a
lot of people like you want to just play
in front of you like just you in a chair
and Taylor Swift with a guitar or like
you and like 60,000 other people and
then chill bring me up on the stage and
I'll hop her sake okay
would you really do that what if you got
scared okay what did you scared okay all
right you're very brave
I'll text the writers and say what oh
you forgot what to say I'll say baby
turd is honored that you thought she was
cute and she would love to come to a
concert so I said she should say hey
pixel right now
I'll Twitter okay okay come here my text
I'm gonna text a picture okay how do you
want it like that that you want to do
charity okay
so that's like that's the picture do you
approve of that do you approve watch hey
wait okay now so watch I'm gonna send
her this picture I'm gonna send her that
picture and what should I say imma say
what you said that you will text what
did I say I forgot baby turd wants to
come to the concert and sit on the front
row and then come up on stage and sing
with you now you just said what should I
tell her it's hard to think about what
you want to tell your idol huh how about
just say baby tart says she loves you
okay I want to say babysitter tyst said
I love you and I'm your biggest fan
okay I hate you a good idea Cooper okay
I'm a cent to her right okay
does that milkshake good would anybody
like to enjoy a sunset with me oh my
that is glorious that is glorious indeed
I think the gloriousness of that sunset
is unparalleled
yes let's go in for a closer look shall
we oh the fire in the sky as it drops
beneath the horizon the cirrus clouds
float to drift the sweet summer smells a
float in the air as the ball of burning
gas descends for another day and another
time when we will have more of its light
to bless us and give us nourishment
eventually it will kill us
click on a box any box click on a box
tinker it the box click on your boat one
of the budget
