alright we got some more lights and guys
for the house
hey baby earth is princess Tatiana is
here right I think he says yes mother I
think it's cute for about another four
or five years I think he says I really
don't give a crap I just want some milk
show me your boobs I mean lower heavy
all right what are these up in their
skull baby this is our sports coat got
here oh this here's the sconce we go I
think oh you're sweet to say that we
were new because it was mostly me I'm a
news like Chloe
I just perhaps their attention
I look up just grabs their attention
every grandkid it's just like wow I like
that I do that one with my name where I
ride the car but I don't think I'm
better oh that one's too hard now that's
too jubilee for his head oh yeah down
came to rain it was dead spider up see
grandma's make everything better
everything's better now
we got grandma's sleeping babies so
we're just watching the episode on the
moms view where angel announces that
she's pregnant with twins and it was so
fun you guys we were actually filming an
episode for another tmb episode a couple
weeks back and she all of a sudden
dropped that on us and so of course the
episode took attire an entire new
transition so they finally uploaded the
actual transition hard the episode so
you guys have a watch it it's really
crazy she announced it to all of us
nobody knew not even the producers or
anybody behind the camera nobody knew
she decided she was like I'm just gonna
tell him right now
anyways I'm so excited for you angel I
cannot wait I cannot wait to find out
what they are I'm not sure if you're
going to do that or if you're going to
wait until you actually have them I'm
sure you will if you're anything like me
you're gonna find out what they are
twins I'm glad they don't run in my
family because that would be scary Hey
so you gave me a look when I said twins
do you wish that you had a twin Emmie
yes you do you kind of mostly do your
other your sister you get its really
close in age to you and you guys dress
the same sometimes you like no I guess I
don't know what it would even be like to
have twin oh that felt something staying
in this hole it was like a baby bat a
baby bat uh-huh what everybody had to
line up their lives and then we had to
go the sides at school wait until they
get out and um they called animal
protective and will control yeah and
they got it out and my well another
teacher she took a picture of it area
yellow tape around it they can play on
it back to babies what am I supposed to
do with you now you're gonna make a
giant mess you're they're gonna knock
that on your head or you get a spill
water and dog food everywhere or you're
gonna get some in your mouth this is
just hazardous this is the time in a
baby's life when you have to move
everything around you have to unplug
everything and hide everything because
he is into me yeah that's you
he's already had multiple handfuls of
dog food I'm sure they're digesting well
yeah at least you'll have a taste for it
right all right so you remember when
Casey went hunting the other day
that's a gauge how was it was it fun are
you excited are you gonna eat that now
what are you gonna what are you gonna
eat it with potatoes antelope and
potatoes where's all the meat 18 the
coolers how much how long would that
meat last for that's like so you'll eat
it fast like what three weeks I would go
probably for two months two months yeah
that's good two months of meat you go
out and get yourself two months of meat
you put it in your freezer guys think of
Casey's yard
Casey's yards almost done here's the
Grand Tour nice grass sod there's a
little thing of their fraud case give us
number seven though we need ten minutes
in zone 7
oh here zone 7 pressure issue in zone 7
Matt man we have a pressure issue in
zone 7 maybe the pressures building
looking good out here though I'm liking
these plants
there's the Mowgli kitty I'm jumping
down the trap let's go out yourself
jump on the trampoline just doing
whatever riding around in circles
bouncing spins just jump on the tram for
45 minutes he did that every day
he's been getting great shape look who
just showed up Carly comes up on the
trampoline with me Carly do a backflip I
don't know if I can I look good do it
again do a cheer camel gears Cooper camo
gear I'm ready let's go you ready do a
backflip lower you can you do a backflip
Cooper land it whoa ninja turtle whoa do
your best backflip do a backflip with a
star like shoot your legs out do an X
out okay it's called an X out renegade
okay here it is Bronks watch out Carly's
gonna go oh wait my scarf okay
what's this get off Bronx do an X that's
about to happen
Kasey your dogs and PD in X hours and
his whacker touch sir
while I was cool-looking if I can do it
hey you wanna try hey guys how are you
subscribe to my channel like all my
videos subscribe 7 you talk X I think
you're trying to do that that was cool
yeah you should try it again do it again
right when you hit your tux and open
back up for an accent hit a high V
ladies and gentlemen this is a
modern-day David versus Goliath
happening right before our eyes
oh no got the two laughter again no head
grandma's here hi grandma
I love you I love you I love my grandma
this is my mom's mom it's my grandma
it's my grandma mom my mom my grandma
but Jackson can hold his own I'm very
impressed
given these him and Zeke fight look at
him how would that be fighting something
this size like his head is the insides
of this entire body he holds his own no
Jackson bit Zeke's ear really hard Zeke
freaked out that's fine there lies yeah
so being on the Moxie will get you
knocked up because every single mom on
there is not how to baby where are you
are you gonna be neck off you guys what
maybe let's just do for nightclub tomato
almost your baby we need to go running
we're going ready tonight on the
treadmill okay we're doing it and we're
doing Crossfit tomorrow morning 9 a.m. 9
a.m. CrossFit K check all the little
boys you guys I am at the grocery store
with my mom and my grandma my mom and my
grandma at the grocery store this is a
rare privilege it is very rare that I I
am very lucky that I am here in a
grocery store with my mom and my grandma
and I love them both I love my mom and
my grandma everybody that's embarrassing
embarrassing you know let's have an out
embarrassed contest you try to embarrass
me I love my mom she's my mommy mom i
sir
mom then you point a gun when I say
she's my mommy
he's my mommy grandma where's your mommy
oh that's up in heaven okay good so I
gave my boss
he's my grandmom me Honey Crisp apple
today
Oh cliffhanger you don't get to have
find out what happens with the Honey
Crisp apple trust me is such a good
story just kidding I have no idea I
can't member what she was talking about
anyways love you guys thanks for
watching happy Friday to you sorry I was
late uploading the vlog I've been out
riding four-wheelers with Kassem G go
check out our instagrams
we've been posted a lot of great
Instagram pictures as we've been hanging
out and partying in Idaho in the
mountains love you guys we'll see you on
Monday click on yesterday's vlog come on
a spinet like you please oh I just hit
my elbow ow oh please please listen
seriously seriously seriously feeling
lucky button the half-marathon video i
just uploaded it last night it's on the
shaycarl channel please go watch it it's
with me and my sister Carly we ran the
half marathon together and that it's up
on the shaycarl channel right now click
on that beautiful brunette right there
feeling lucky button go watch the half
marathon please please thumbs it up okay
let you guys we'll see you we're gonna
do a podcast with cast of tomorrow okay
okay
sweet cool huh okay he'll be up next
week let you guys see tomorrow Monday
Monday Monday bye bye
