hi login here alright honey one Tom how
you're doing today yay he's back to his
normal self moving his hands okay not a
hundred percent he's still a little bit
fussy today but he's happier than he was
yesterday so he does have a fractured
skull but it's not displaced which means
it's the bones aren't disconnected so he
will heal
he has no bleeding on the brain so we're
good we just have to watch him really
carefully for the next few weeks so that
he doesn't hit his head again because
that could damage it more okay so that
means you cannot be ten month old
you cannot crawl you cannot climb on
things gonna be rough oh well and
tonight we are making fresh salsa it's
so sad you're a salsa Biddy do this
salsa baby dance come on okay try again
do the salsa baby dance
okay mom you're weird really like to do
my salsa baby now onto some room hmm
anyways salsa with Grandma rates
tomatoes these are tomatoes fresh from
her garden in Utah and they're awesome
so we're gonna make fresh salsa yo hi
thanks for bringing those Goofy's in for
me you're welcome the best oh you have
football tonight don't ya yeah foosball
bug will show you out of it foosball
playing that football and I'm trying to
watch the vlog but the internet is not
working it's not the internet it's
YouTube I should say it's not working I
don't know what's going on with YouTube
but get your crap together because I
have to watch the Shaytards video and
we're making enchiladas as well as fresh
salsa I may try something different with
my enchiladas this time I might try a
different recipe because sent hard was
saying he doesn't really feel like the
other ones that I make so I thought oh
maybe we'll try something different or
I'll just make him and you have to slap
a lot of salt on and they'll be awesome
right no he's never very picky so when
he puts his opinion forth I'm like okay
let's try something a little different
maybe yeah you down for that
you want to try it tomato bro let's see
if he'll try it tomato let's finally not
us
there's one I'm going to try to mate Oh
first time trying tomato won't try it
yeah
it looks kind of like a watermelon it
might be tricky okay let's see you like
it oh do you like tomato okay if you do
you'll be just like me
fine your sister Maivia so far I don't
know he made a funny face but sometimes
babies do that when they're just
discovering foods they don't necessarily
hate it but it's like a weird texture so
I'm going to give him another one if he
doesn't take it then we know he doesn't
like it
come on try that again do another one
did you like it on it hmm
try it try another one
nope nope all right so we know he
doesn't like tomatoes unless that's gone
in a few minutes okay okay okay okay
you don't have to eat the tomato if you
don't want to eat it looks like it's
still just me and you a via we're the
only ones like tomatoes my family house
oh yeah you do what do you like I'm
playing do you like to bite into a like
an apple okay so you're not quite as
intense as Mia Naevia but you'll still
lead him on your sandwiches cool hey you
guys I want to make a rule I call that I
can drive on my property because I'm on
private property I'm not on public roads
then we're only going like 5 miles an
hour
and so I call that's a rule that I just
made that I can vlog and drive live on
the property you look at frogs even say
Bronx
dude that dog is skinny you to eat dude
I feel like Bronx not exagerating runs
12 to 15 miles a day
this dog is all over the place and he
doesn't stay like he comes and goes who
like run over to this mountain he'll be
gone for two days then he's just like up
and down so he's skinny then all sudden
he'll show up Bronco hairs Bronx
he loves it out here these dogs just
roam
they roam this countryside and they
sleep on the deck there's biggie
boom look people I just picked up from
school it's little broccolis the little
totally muffin tell me about school did
you like it shaycarl product placement
shake on product placement shaycarl
product placement oh here's my back
everybody anyways how was school good
what you do what you learned you learn
anything
oh yes what did you learn did you learn
math did you learn your letters yes and
colors colors and numbers Wow
count to ten let me hear you count to
ten one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven chill freakin sexy
leggings energy
13 16 19 2013 16 1920 good talk to me
five did you're only four can you do
your ABCs can you do your ABCs yes let
me hear it
um you know the son ABCD you're that
song sing it
IKEA's why you can sing ABC you need to
learn that song dude if you can't sing
the ABCs brother you gotta learn to sing
the ABCs a b c d e f g
i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y and z
now i know my abcs next time won't you
thinking no wow
can you thinking now hey singing i just
taught you how to sing it love you
alright if we go at home i gotta go for
a run some fad update i'm a job life so
go Broncos
you got your trophy did you think it was
pretty cool yeah sounds like a good
podcast hey what's up look who it is
what do you say alright
Louie get my sturdy basic highchair
today we'll be here tomorrow Amazon
Prime
tell him Bob Tom weed abused our baby no
it's stuff like that happens when you
have kids I mean I was sitting right
there
the baby was right there yeah Jackson
was right here this was the chair it was
just pushed it off pushed it back I got
his feet
up here on the countertop and he felt I
think he might have had his head on the
corner of the thing cuz the where the
chair fell it almost looked like a hit a
quarter of that I don't know I just
heard this huge noise and I was standing
I was sitting right there yeah oh hey
yes hello oh my gosh
Carly you ready to go running sir oh
sorry since we really that half I think
I have what's called turf toe oh it just
hurts so bad toe toes again I've been
running up this week but I'm just like a
few I should just is it those shoes I
don't know
you should try to change the shoes are
they tight it's like right in the joy
answer I heard it's from the constant
hammering so I don't know if it was just
like a turf toe man staff training for a
marathon
candy wear country what's this there's
Daniels in there if a lot of it you like
Triana Tito are you going are we going 7
miles 7 miles
ok what if we ran ok we'll see we'll run
glad I don't tell you the sweet
motivational music it's time to go to
football practice it's time to go for a
run Cooper just on his back you can't
tackle him he's a freak incentive Road
in oh look who just showed up the pink
princess herself Nolan does he's
audience pretty motivational let's hear
it doc done or not done or no don't hurt
uh Gavin come over here we're getting
motivated keep filling up your water jug
don't daughter doe doe doe doe doe
that's motivational he can do that in
the rain with only half a leg with his
dad we can run right good
we're gonna go 8 miles uphill I'm only
kind of joking about ok have a good
practice kay I'm gonna go run ok listen
when you're doing cheeseburger pizzas
I'm gonna be thinking about you what do
you call him cheeseburger and fries you
should call him cheeseburger pizzas did
we tell them that yeah we told them that
whatever Gavin has to do sprints they
call it cheeseburger and fries probably
thinking about cheeseburger and fries
when I'm running up this hill ok well
sometimes we don't do how we do sometime
first worse yes cheeseburger and fries
what do you do we run a whole field is
this good why I want to make sure it's
not poisoned it's close
it's closed you read around the whole
field in what and then we come back
where did you jumping jacks on all of
them cut back and then we still have to
do jumping jacks an extra front that's
tough nice all right
being Carly going for a run Colette is
making a dinner that looks magnificent
what is this something's going on over
here so make sure there's tortilla Oh
enchiladas you guys look I did the math
chicken plus vegetables plus save a
chicken soup plus these plus that and
these don't know whose that is
we're gonna have a joke that are you
making salsa yeah I told him in Cho you
did here he told me this combo you can
talk together okay party of the house
harlot meet Carly be back in seven miles
let's go come on come on
bye Kayleigh did 7.2 miles another
victory for the healthy people have you
been very careful with him hi little guy
how you feeling
hey buddy I love you hi you feeling
better today
hey cracks Coulthard yeah hmm
post cheerleading social artist 7.2
miles being Carly did it oh my gosh
not easy very challenging glad to be
done but eat an entire one of these now
it's interesting after last night's
little or deal with Dax e pants I don't
want to say that I love him more today
but I just have like deeper tender
feelings for him I don't know how to
explain it a larger appreciation just to
know that like one little stupid silly
thing can happen and all sudden your
baby's in the hospital oh I was scared
last night so like today I'm just like I
love all my children so much how's
football practice
good huh you run you ran hard today I
saw proud of you son tardes playing
Center for the Dallas Cowboys
who's naked in here you guys get ready
for school you ready for school bath
time you took a shower so mature you're
so grown-up
Oh looks good
what blood let's say you turn around
there's your cake zekiel is it get ready
for bedtime what's up with this naked
there's a lot of nakedness going on mom
what do you want
Lori Oh go move all your bikes you guys
right now where'd I told you to put the
bikes you know what I'm gonna hire them
can't run many more we're doing than the
naked in the bathtub go get her
ma come out here put your bike away
right now
Jackson what are you doing in there hey
need to hurry get out and come move your
bike right now hustle up
you need to make out with me hustle up
all right let's go young lady
well it's grandma grandpa oh you it says
right here he's upstairs I have him yeah
he's in my shower I just found him in
the shower
yes Donny is still there did you guys
put that dirt there right knock it off
sorry honey well you can't get rid of it
oh dude it's like a magic there's Donny
the dark magic I cannot believe it is
still there it's been there for three
years
dad Donny the dart lives on he is strong
and powerful no question Donny the darts
longevity but we smell it but mom stop
tension I love you daughter
don't don't sorry quiet hey Donny the
dart LaHaye
put some clothes do you move your bike
oh how many times have I told you oh my
gosh um yeah it's going on hey you're
responsible for your bike don't blame it
on somebody else you if your bikes in
the way you take responsible show you
jerk that way the freakin parking lot on
her daughter I'm loud head injuries so
they should work at Carney's cars park
behind my heart and no keys
Graham focused gamma tell us about other
yoki other donuts no look II gotta go
yes all right
the girls have been working on back
handsprings good guys can't see she's
practicing a back handspring and and oh
it makes me nervous you're not gonna do
it is not very big for it and oh I do
look like on it round Buffy I can't read
nice tip Lee you guys are cute
all right well we've got a mess a mess
with boys over here
you guys ready to read a book yes that's
what happens in your neighbor bag full
of books on the floor huh good job got a
round off hey I'm watching a random part
of me in a mom mom watch watch watch mom
arch I'm constantly this what what what
it's awesome everything's on them Kayla
okay hi all right it's time to read so
we are just getting ready for bed guys
we're trying to get back into our
routine of like reading before bed
brushing teeth having good baths and
it's slow cook it's good you're learning
very well honey
are we doing back handspring soon
Joaquin some milk okay I'm watching mom
that would by day because that's a nice
mood she lots of milk is after he's
gonna get the milk he wants to play a
game or is it hot as of this little
mouse book she wants everything and then
this little boy he takes care of that
mouse cute and after he already have
cookies and milk you'll want to trim his
hair oh yes please mr. speed art
well I'm no coal and let him crawl oh oh
my goodness crazy kids I got a gaggle of
children I love them
oh it's very chaotic it is gonna cook
someday I'm gonna miss it I think I
think oh whoa whoa we almost had another
injury oh my oh my little baby
look I'm look mama
what shot wasn't in Kansas and was not
like there that is total her puppy what
is next
do we know taro I think we must be over
the rainbow she said wherever she was it
was a magical mysterious place the wild
twister had brought Dorothy and her dog
Toto to the land of Oz oh this is a new
story I've never heard before and then
we clicked our red Ruby slipper heels
together three times and we wish to be
in the end slate and poof we were here
we are in the in slate you guys click on
yesterday's vlog if you're feeling lucky
you feel it
okay I'm gonna roll them six it I was a
big money click on the pin lucky button
if you want to know hey what did baby
tard look like three years ago wonder
hey what did baby's heart look like when
she was two years old five years ago
let's go watch that you can click on
those
individual shining faces to have a
number over them and go see what the
Shaytards were doing one two three four
and five years ago hit subscribe if you
want a backpack or a hat there's a link
below the description
okie dokie love you guys we'll see
tomorrow
