oh you're rolling gonna be funny share
doesn't wait as everybody and it's that
time of year 6:20 a.m. ah actually I
don't mind that much if I can get into a
write like a regular system where I go
to bed earlier put all the kids to bed
earlier and wake up early then then it
actually feels good because we're
getting stuff done but right now I I'm
tired but that's ok let's make some
breakfast for the cat ok all right
time to mix makes guys mix the eggs
toast and we don't have any fruit oh
wait I have some apples from California
that are really good and crunchy I'll
cut up some apples
breakfast of champions here we go one
thing I do like about waking up early is
I usually have a better chance of
exercising during my day if I get up get
the kids off to school and I'm ready to
work out and I will go to the gym and do
something before I start my day that's
the plan
because I really truly do want to get
trained so I cannot another half
marathon I just got to do it you can't
do out to just not roll back over in bed
you could to get up get up get up put
your running shoes on guys let's go
you're supposed to put all your feet
already silly silly silly
let's go running babe
go to bed ok good night that's funny
back on the ranch hey Zekey oh oh mild
who's coming down the road that's some
traffic traffic at the waterfall
at Casey LaVere Tim engage we're going
hunting dude I'm gonna put a stop sign
right there right there dude I get the
right-of-way right here you're gonna get
I'm gonna put a stop sign right there
nice shoes dude of those boots
hey guys you guys going - I'm gonna go
shoot it there George Strait I love this
some leg in Santa Fe truck full of meat
what are you going for antelope you got
your rifle what kind of rifle just a
short neck giddyup topped off with a
Nikon or not Nikon race that back up the
texaco that'll get her done 40 grain a
coupons 98 grains and Tumbo powder right
does anybody know what Casey's talking
about for the best good you for all your
hunting questions go to Casey's me
Russian with severe www.gymnu.com
that's not your website made out of real
tornadoes hey later dude okay when you
coming back tomorrow he really doesn't
want him to miss too much school yeah
probably not
get to learn more tomorrow they don't
learn in a whole year okay okay you
lured him something okay see you guys
okay bye careful mom I'm worrying about
baby
hey that's one of the first things that
I fell in love is when you sing a dance
I love you so convinced or double your
bad luck
give me the love you guys get sick of us
loving each other in front of you is it
gross ooh I can have it is it like your
mama is it like dude you're my nipples
are so sore oh I grabbed him she keeps
her the petroi nipples - habit I ran it
when I ran 10 miles I ran 10 miles in
Los Angeles the other day I down on the
pier and my nipples were so Thor hold
the camera let me show you what yes well
wait what you have what gabs on your
nipples I have to have fun not showing
you you scabby nipples scabby nips
that's my pirate name scabby nipples no
no no arrr matey you call me scabby
nipples a just cabbie nips
okay I was doing really a run even
because I didn't want to I didn't feel
well fit enough to take my shirt off
because obviously that's why people take
their fat hairy and I'm just like I
cannot take my shirt off with my nipples
hurt so bad
cuz I got I think it because I'm I sure
get so sweaty mhmmm because it's sweaty
it's like rubbing on the nipples so I
was running like this like holding my
shirt out away from my nipples just like
this that's good for your running form
it's not and like I do baby that's when
you just take it off you just take it
off
what's ashamed of my body
scabbing Epps honey yes look at me Jess
I have a title for the video today
scabby nips should we go see what the
kids are doing well I don't know that up
I love my children I wanna love you Ben
ah
yo bro hug them scabby visual Patrol
read our food baby I know what eat the
dog oh he has that look on his face like
I ate something grow what were you doing
there some in as well treatment man yeah
he has cold legs smiling no wonder baby
is like you until they've been crawling
around the tile floor forever their legs
are like hypothermia Oh God dad dad you
make yourself look at me watching him he
wouldn't even have his pants on it
because he was burning up earlier his
legs are so cold and I don't want off
his leg too fast as I'm afraid it'll
just break off for him at all he has not
been going around the floor all day I
promise if he is not doing her home or
API
hey yo what oh what a B is not doing
your homework right
I told her to do her homework and he's
not doing her happy what if I told you -
what are we teaching young
impressionable baby Jaxen hey that's
pretty much normal an idea and spirit
are easiest to it at this point you were
Jackson you're not doing your homework
Chloe to buy a formula all about wait
what no we need to do multiplication all
right I'm gonna go some more chips and
salsa okay
next selling word is gold are you gold
have you got a gold ticket gosh I lost
my top lip it's gone
I looked everywhere what are you doing
oh all right there's a situation we're
back in Los Angeles no one that's what
I'm talking about I don't know where I'm
at we are in Idaho because look there's
a where's my baby boy come here I just
give this big guy I feel bad I'd missed
his football game they won 27200 I'm
sorry I'm a bad father I'm so selfish I
have to go to Los Angeles to get a
stupid award
I miss my boys football game I'm sorry
okay
Howard what do you see
don't send a new picture of the baby no
Sheldon so cute
I took a victory was standing on the
bike show which is all bum and we are
doing homework
how school so far this is an interesting
thing Gavin come over here I want you
guys to talk about playing sports like
soccer here versus in California do you
guys like it better here or in
California oh you don't want to really
knows what they do I just pick a side
and just start doing it and in
California it's so specific and you
can't do the wrong things like whatever
I keep it down to anyone don't kick it I
want to kick it here no one says a word
ever goal yeah look could you go so no
point there's a little bit even look at
it so they take it a lot more seriously
in California and then the kids get mad
at you if you don't get it yet like if
you touch the ball with your hands in
the air they'll say hand ball and here
they'll always touch the ball with their
hands so it's like more laid-back so you
like it better that way yeah but some
people might say they like it with more
strict rules so they know what the you
know who's winning who's losing so you
guys just like playing just kicking the
ball around
well I like making goals but who doesn't
right am i right so you guys like what
about teachers okay you've been here for
a couple weeks
oh sorry does a boys team I always get
oh I never get kicked in the face and
whenever I'm in the girls super kick
I'm like why did they kick to the
vacation things interesting colorful
oh the soccer ball kick to the face
watch out for the soccer ball what about
teachers
hey guys like your teachers baby tard
like you did you're better here or in
California are smeissen great teachers
do you like your teachers this year yeah
what about oh my gosh guys look don't
get me started on launches why yep so
idaho lunches are better yeah yes I hate
when I have a lunch where they're just
like it's like oh well you know they're
like you know it's like you know I'm
just like it doesn't like oh it's like
that's me Nona means right you guys okay
that's what they actually take your time
do this stuff now that go to the next
one take your time good step gonna
happen so it's like home-cooked you feel
like it's a lot better quality
interesting interesting interesting yeah
that's what else check out you guys
taken acting and this Aaron and you
could go eat so I feel like a grown-up
so you write you have to memorize your
code or you could just have a paper
that's fine what's your code okay - were
you gonna tell
we would've told can't tell the freakin
code bro because people eat your lunch
don't get your lunch
where's rock-hard thinkin that because I
didn't drop my car off so grandmas
picking him up but she's a total yet
alright so how does homework going gets
me Skywatch kimchi you can't chew over
time what's the hardest valium or don't
you have attached Gavin what's your
favorite thing about school going back
to school
Oh boys every single kid I recognize you
mean from when you were I wonder when I
went there first grade Oh like pretty
much all the kids leave like it's a lot
of familiar faces yeah that's good so
you guys don't feel like we uprooted you
too much ruined your lives just like
just hey let's just update Jake we
ruined your guys's lives yet when we
make videos with you guys is everyone in
your life only reading you for today
look at this mountain lion
Olympus use of a goofiest of all the
goop mrs. duh there and your mommy
charted workout today was this new to
the zoo every three miles
hey where's a question you guys we're
gonna be in New York on Halloween we go
trick-or-treating in New York
where's a good same neighborhood yeah
one of those ring or treating with
Jackson Harrison we're a good place to
perpetrate it you just want to go
trick-or-treating in New York that'll be
fun watching Times Square in New York
City on Halloween is really scary for
Eddie
she bit like that's great
whoa we're little right this is what you
tells me Mommy I don't like Halloween he
doesn't - good man you don't miss it
pumpkin - miles we both know this scare
all right so we're back in school
haven't moved into our house yet or
still we're still in this house Grandma
and Grandpa's house soon see I think in
three weeks and we will live there yeah
maybe two weeks two weeks already
happened so and we in a month we live
there too blood over there six days as
we wish no we'll see reread that Barbara
that the remix all the we have a lot of
songs all right and you guys are doing
cheerleading the girls are doing
cheerleading and Gavin's in football
Gavin is too
Oh Oh Gavin what happened to your arm
there's uh I scared him so bad last
night I was up at Casey's tell it what
happened to your arm so let's just go
take you right folks now and I just
ignored it and just kept writing and
when I was writing it I was pedaling and
the pedals got caught in the strength
and I went like this thumb off flipped
over hits your elbow like what like this
and then I don't aerobics is it a big
cut it's like we're out like a huge
raspberry but some of the skin is a
little off oh yeah so your friends at
school signed it
uh yeah mostly girls Oh who made this
for you god grandma helped me oh grandma
kept it in Gaza so you got a road rash
you got a grandma elbow cast and also to
getting chicks at school to sign it yes
sounds like a good move Casanova that
day she went to go see Ninja Turtles and
we went to delete herself
oh it's just a little update so you know
sounds so awesome all right we're back
home we're gonna get back on schedule
tomorrow with regular vlogs
we are back together and that's all that
matters together with my family what
nice show
nice job all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye blue eyes bye blue eyes
and then right after that we had the
most terrifying experience of our lives
so you saw the chair that dachshund was
sitting in while we were all in the
living room well while we had dinner we
put all the kids up around the bar
dachshund put his feet on the bar and
pushed his entire chair back and then
his head hit the tile so that he cried
hysterically for about 15 minutes while
we tried to console him and you know
Colette even breastfed him for a minute
he was just crying crying crying for
like let's take him to the hospital so
he went to the hospital we calmed down
on the way there and by the time we got
to the hospital he was fine they did an
x-ray and from that x-ray they saw that
there was a little hairline fracture it
was not a displaced fracture meaning
that the bone was still lined up it was
just like a little tiny crack and they
wanted to do a CT scan to make sure that
there was no blood on the brain or you
know better safe than sorry kind of
situation so he did the CT scan but
before they did the CT scan they had to
sedate him and that was probably the
worst part about the entire experience
is so scary because they give him the
sedation and he fought it and the nurse
and the doctor bull said they have never
seen a baby like this strong on sedation
they gave him the first dose and it
didn't affect him at all and you could
see the look in their faces like this
usually knocks babies out so then they
gave him another dose not an entire dose
but like I think another you know half
dose or quarter dose and he still was
like fighting it and like screaming and
it was like crazy and me and Colette
were crying and it was hard to see her
little baby like that and it was a you
know a moment of like oh yeah what
really matters none of this other crap
that we put so much time into you know
like what if we lost our baby tonight
anyways he's fine he they did the CT
scan everything looked great he you know
the the sedation wore off he fell asleep
so we stayed at the hospital till about
midnight he finally woke up he was good
you know we gave him some like a little
bit of water he drank it and they said
okay you go home so he brought him home
and he slept in the bed with us and he's
acting fine
today he woke up this morning and
laughing and so is a scare but
everything is okay we appreciate your
prayers trust me I saw a lot of your
tweets it's scary it's just part of
having kids being a kid you know how
many times you whacked your head when
you were a kid it's part of growing up
so it's just scary but we love our
children and we appreciate you guys so
we're all safe and happy and healthy and
all is good in the world
well least for us I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow bye
