okay update real quick
he had the cat scan they gave him we
can't remember what it was called it
basically is a sedative that will make
him go to sleep so that he wouldn't move
during the cat scan they got the cat
scan they looked at it it looks fine
there's no bleeding there is a little
crack on his back right hemisphere it's
like a little cracked skull apparently
it's fine cuz it's not displaced one of
basically two sides of the bone isn't up
or anything like that and it should heal
so we're just waiting for him to wake up
from the sedation we're watching his
vitals his heart rate and everything and
you know there's checking everything
over here and they got you know to him
we're just waiting for him to wake up
now and making sure that his blood
pressure and his heart rate is okay and
he'll wake up and then they want him to
eat something and make sure that he can
keep something down and he he hasn't
thrown up he never passed out when he
hit his head he cried for like ten
minutes but yeah he's just getting too
mobile he pushed his self back on the
chair and the chair my mom was sitting
right there and I was in the kitchen I
had just turned around because I was
getting food for the other kids
anyways everything looks okay we're just
waiting for him to wake up so thank you
for your nice tweets and prayers we're
still here in the hospital and it is
happening right now at 9:40 all right we
love you guys bye
