okay hello everybody we are in the
hospital don't be alarmed again so be
alarmed we had an accident
what ah Sam okay oh he was talking in
the method my mother was telling him
he's okay Sam okay hey hi so Daxton fell
he was sitting in his high chair his
high chair was pushed up against the
countertops and he got his feet on the
countertops as he was in his highchair
like any along like like a long
countertop like if you imagine him
sitting here he put his leg from his
high chair on the countertop and pushed
back and the chair fell back and he hit
his head on the ground and they did a
x-ray and they said that they do see
what looks like a non-displaced fracture
which means there is a little what looks
like a crack in his skull but it's not
like misplaced so it's not like you know
one side of the bone isn't sitting
higher than the other side of the bone
it's just like he cracked his head open
not open not open well it can heal but
what we're worried about now is if there
might be bleeding or something cuz he
does have bruising where he hit so we're
going to do it a CT scan so they both
both the doctors recommend that we do a
CT scan even though that they're you
know it is radiation we said what would
you do if it was your child look you can
kind of see the bump yeah see the bump
oh god he's got a big bump on it's got a
little bit of bruising pop under here so
sorry I was about to upload the vlog and
then he fell and then he cried for like
15 minutes unconsolable and then we
didn't know what to do shall we figured
we'd take him to the doctor just in case
and he's acting fine he does still has
aspirations to be a dentist
he likes to clean teeth he does either
what are you doing laughing people's
mouths are young he lunched he says
these are a fun pair of chompers you
have there daddy says great so it's a
little scary because they have to sedate
him when they give him the CT scan and
that's always scary because it you know
you don't want to knock your baby out
but they can't have him moving during
the CT scan he can't be moving at all so
they have to sedate him so that he'll be
asleep and then they said it'll take
probably two hours before he wakes up
after the CT scan is over so we're just
gonna have to wait here to see you know
what happens sweet grandma's with our
kids again and he did this the other day
cuz he's learning to crawl and walk and
hit his I says a bruise right there
right now so he's he's getting too
mobile before he's good enough to get
mobile at it and he's falling so sorry
the vlogs not up or at the hospital I'm
sure he'll understand please pray for
little Baxton I'm sure he's fine but
he's about to get a CT scan and they
think he has a little hairline fracture
so you alright buddy yeah
you okay bonkie go boo-boo well good
anyways we love you guys I'm sure he'll
be fine
but sorry the vlogs late the kids it's a
school night and it's eight stones nine
o'clock what time is it yeah doesn't
matter to us nine o'clock and the kids
keep texting us what's for dinner so I'm
gonna probably run home and get the kids
dinner and put them to bed and then
they'll wait and see what happens okay
so I'll tweet you when we have an update
but we're in the hospital right now
waiting to give him his sedation
medicine so that he can have his CT scan
so they can make sure that for a hundred
percent that everything's okay and then
we'll take him home tonight and watch
him anyways we love you guys we'll see
you soon we'll let you know if any
updates happen hey you wanna say goodbye
hey say my goodbyes to do this
bye-bye good boy
it's you bye-bye you see you was really
keen why do these guys look that's you
hey is if I - hey bye
so I love you guys love you guys
he's acting okay so hopefully he's all
right
