good morning before I take off to Los
Angeles this morning I wanted to come up
and see the waterfall on my boys these
are my blood brothers we're Waterfall
brothers we've got some initial water
running today we're having a little
problem with the pump the remote is not
responding to the pumps we might need to
get a new pump but we got some flow
we're getting early signs of what the
waterfall is gonna look like dude I love
it with the Aspen's and like the little
grasses starting to come together we're
gonna put flagstone right here so that
we can like hang out and sit on this
rock and chat and read our scriptures
and say prayers and sing Kumbaya and
give each other a warmth snuggle ease
just all right there
everything about putting like a fire pit
right here so we can sing around with
our guitar but dude we made a river
Tyson with his bare hands where there
was no River has made a river in the
earth I mean that is so cool look at
this blue spruce I think this is a cool
blue spruce to add to the color I like
that a lot
and put some of these little plants in
yeah the water comes down from all the
way up there that sides not running yet
and then it goes down here into the pump
and the bottom so the water like
disappears can you see all the water
coming down right but it's like where
does it go it doesn't come down here
well it falls like down in here into the
earth where he has these big plastic
crates that doesn't let the rocks get on
it and all the waters in there so
there's like a underground pool
basically then that pump sucks the water
from that underground pool into this
hose back to the top and it just goes
around and around in a circle great
engineering Tyson regional ministry are
you on the phone with the pump people
tell him Jay isn't he wants the biggest
pump they can pump out out here
like shut up Tyson's talking to the pump
people right now so we got to get our
pump situation figured out and then
we'll turn this baby on full-blast and
it's gonna be gorgeous anyway as I'm
flying to Los Angeles right now but I
wanted to come and see my waterfall and
give him a kiss too bye
oh I should wash my beard dude like an
introductory first beard wash in the
waterfall I'm gonna go to Los Angeles
California today with Idaho mountain
waterfall water on my beard that's a
fresh way to wake up in the morning
ladies and gentlemen what's that he's
coming Monday different transmitter cool
I'll be back on Monday because I want to
talk to him about pumps about waterfalls
and a bigger prompt but this is at the
lowest flow rate when you see this
runnin high you're gonna be like that's
freaking can we like canoe down it can
we white rafts down it queer whitewater
raft damn it I'm gonna get a kayak I
want to be able to go down that's on a
kayak a red rat alright I'll be back on
Monday it started okay I know I know
not early Sun ice is doing a great job I
said to them I told them I said you made
a river where there was no River you
made a river right you created that a
river runs through it one of my favorite
movies you know the time I met Brad Pitt
that's what I told him the river runs
through is my favorite movie and that
Brad Pitt dude it's on camera you guys
tell him tell thanks to Shay Shay Carl
and I met Brad Pitt so touch this hand
this hand touch Brad Pitt you've touched
the hand of a hand that touch Brad Pitt
do you want to do that you know what you
don't care so much
you're like Brad okay I'm out of here
I'll see you guys it's that Katy let
rocking a shake Carl back
viewers Dennis low you rockin your
husband's friend it's like a sweet sleep
I'm kind of watching your mom's backpack
right now you gonna stick your head
between there you later thinker you just
called me a stinker maybe wonder if
that's beneficial like to fish to know
what's interesting to think about
that's his on he has been on an airplane
flight every single month of his entire
life pretty much
he's real I have two months I think he's
been on almost 12 crazy
no backwash back guarantee you I'm gonna
have some goldfish I love gold fish
flavored you have to if your dad a
booster seat over there just having a
good time
we'll be in LA in 20 minutes all right
you guys ready to tell your la
girlfriends we're gonna be landing in 20
minutes hey Jack those backpacks you
like this which one do you like better
which one you like best that one
what's a fine day indeed it is I am out
here in the sunshine listening to some
Mozart I think a subpoena coconut water
in the sunshine of Los Angeles it's very
pleasant hello sir
mission find outfits for the streamys
commence there we go
let the shopping begin you ready I'm
ready too
I'm looking to find something we just
sweetly felt comfortable enough to worry
about it in trouble ok so we're at the
mall right now I'm gonna get a new suit
Colette's gonna get a dress because it's
gonna be quite the event at the streamys
are you nervous I like me a little bit
nervous I have to I think I have to do
an extent acceptance speech I don't know
I'm going to say hopefully something
good should I just do it off the cuff or
should I plan because I know that I have
to do it I think my life what if I like
start crying and I start talking coal
she's helped me through all this I must
say something sweet but not like who's
that dude yeah I mean you never do
anything scripted right it's always on
it's always off-the-cuff all right it's
time to try on some jackets tell me
which one you like hold on
the colors really often this week some
authorities but I think it looks cool if
it was orange on the camera but it's
actually red with before this you could
leave seem a little bit long but it
looks fun
Jazmin we're on the corner of a street
in Los Angeles you watch our videos tell
your friend to watch them bye that's
hilarious we pulled up to a bus stop he
was tickling me and then had to tell the
world about right so I told this girl I
said hey I was just tickling her and
this girl goes shaycarl and then I asked
her friend I said do you watch my videos
and she goes and then the other girl
Jasmine said no she was just making fun
of me for watching your videos and then
I jumped out and I punch that other girl
not a bearded obnoxious bearded icon I
texted casting today messaging I said
did you know I'm an icon and he said he
swore and said something but I can't
tell you it's inappropriate
alright I can't I want to show you what
cloaks like in this outfit but there's
too much darkness in waging ball girl oh
girl I'm going to show you off later
we're just talking about prayers I'm
telling them bar Baker said a prayer for
Joan Rivers when she died I did I said a
prayer today
it's elevator we're just talking about
that we're really bonding here at the
stream is because he did a video with
her you defeat it weights below you said
how many Baker killed here's one of my
one of my best oldest blogging friends
when I come to a YouTube event I always
you know you make me crack up that the
shark video that you did the other day I
I was just laying in bed watching it
like I don't look at just you in the
airport I don't think anybody has
cornered the market on camera like I
just see the newer smart oh is we're
ahead of the curve of the fashion too
much I'd like to be more stressed I'm
not ready look great oh yes thank you
well Justin autumn shown in your dress
dress we got to have a great night
the food was delicious the salad we had
was maybe one of the best sellers I
think experience it likes kale salad but
it was good dude look at you your body I
mean your threat like your dress they're
so beautiful
I am a lucky gentleman out of all the
gentlemen that have ever been lucky in
the lifetime of luck that has been given
to the species of man I am the luckiest
she's very gorgeous and we just made out
in the back of the uber cab yes I loved
every second of her home assess Lee
watched the boys Daxton and Brock and
their obsession I want to go have some
cereal is that funny I want cereal
you're so lucky this weekend because we
have like a dinner for the street reason
and a dinner tomorrow and then in the
streamys we have three dates this
weekend incest Lee's helping us it's a
party all right pulling up to the 2014
streamys at the Beverly Hills Hilton one
of the like most famous hotels and I
swear I met Brad fit hit I through when
I met Brad Pitt threw a fit all right
here we are fancy fancy fancy all right
we are the streamys these guys you guys
just came here just came for the hotel
they just showed up and they've been
hanging out in the lobby waiting for
youtubers to show up mark Mark's all
right all right we're getting pictures
look at Colette by the way this is my
first full panel all right here we are
at the streamys with a beautiful woman
look at that woman
Hey look at that look at that spread
this is nice this is the same room they
have the Golden Globes in so this is
where all the other celebrity arts hang
out
by the small we're here this is cool
this is a very cool smells good in here
alright here's the stage
okay turn around give me that flip
around she wanted to show off her shoes
with a spoon
like like oh no yours Olga Kay I don't
know
bring it kicked out
No whoa night light it true you guys
it's true if you didn't know I do
actually have the hottest wave there is
they're mating I think for the first
night baby
No
hey kids nerdy nummies all right you
guys you guys bethany let's talk right
now let's tell them that you're gonna
win Dancing with the Stars
congratulations
I'm gonna save this clip so when you may
really win we'll have it you guys
Dancing with the Stars so starting
Bethany is on Dancing with the Stars
I predicted it I want to give them the
call-in number to vote but I don't even
know it yet there's going to be a number
to text to vote and that's going to
happen this year you guys need to be
ready to vote for better yeah all right
we're gonna make sure that she wins
Dancing with the Stars late Rhett did it
right Jay I've known these guys six
years I just their wives do it all the
time too there's red right now
hey right
then that moment when you don't prepare
anything cuz you're sure that's
how--that's and uh um this is awesome
I've always I want one of these this is
very cool and I think that it
entrepreneur for Shay is about a
lifestyle
I feel like I'm gonna drop dead right
now thank you so much this is incredible
I mean this is somewhere that I never
thought I would be right now and it's so
much more than fashion I started YouTube
videos when I was 13 and I had no
confidence I I was I had such low
self-esteem and I always felt like I
never had a voice to my entire life and
YouTube gave me that voice and the best
feeling now is when people who watch my
videos come up to me and say you've
inspired me to be more confident and to
love myself and it's funny because my
viewers are the reasons that I have
gained confidence in myself to the leap
that I can do is do that for them so
everyone in this room that is creating
content you are inspiring and you are
helping people every day that watch your
videos even if it's just for five
minutes if they watch your video they
can be having the worst day and puts a
smile in their faces
so everyone keep doing what you're doing
because it is so greatly appreciated
thank you it's a real honor for me to be
able to present this award to Shea he's
somebody who's a an inspiration to me
I think the same exact way he's an
inspiration to millions of people every
day around the world he showed us that
there's the room in this life for
positivity there's room in this business
for positivity and even at the end of
his day loving all of his beautiful
children his beautiful wife he has
enough love love left over for all of us
and he shares it with us
it was watching sheets videos I saw
people saying things in the comments I
just never seen before people saying
things like you know I don't have a
father and I look up to you and I feel
like I have someone to admire or someone
saying you know I'm a young father and I
don't know what the hell I'm doing and I
watched your videos and it gives me some
some inspiration so that's all he's just
a really wonderful guy and he's
right now so please help me welcome my
friends thank you so much I seem
Internet hashtag I gotta just say
there's so many people that are in this
room that I have a very close
relationship
I have made some so many friends over
the years I see so many familiar faces I
think you guys I gotta think my wife who
just puts up with me every single day
watch your dad on the Internet thank you
so much I really looked up to a lot of
you whenever I'm feeling like not making
a youtube video ever getting that crying
so like I want to make a video I've
watched your videos and I get inspired I
feel inspired to make my own videos when
I see your videos so keep entertaining
keep connecting with the world I
appreciate it thank you guys so much
you did it
I got the Streamy I'm an icon you know
trying to make half an icon I guess what
do you wanna do you wanna make out with
an icon retention icon beard we're in a
cab back to our apartment just got done
with the streamys I had a good time it
was fun we sat next to bethany mota
and we saw her win her award and we got
to cheer for her that was sweet
you guys remember she's gonna win
Dancing with the Stars don't forget he's
hashtag don't forget ever freaking
hashtag errs you freaking hash hash
burgers Hersh baggers anyways we're in
love and we're gonna go make love we're
headed home tomorrow back to the kids
anyways we've had a good time in Los
Angeles we're heading home tomorrow yeah
tomorrow we're gonna get on an airplane
to fly home we get it whoa Nelly Furtado
okay any last words what you think about
tonight's show too I think
overall there were a few photos but over
Oliver rather well there are some
naughty jokes my mom said she had to put
the kids to bed because she did not
approve
grandma tard did not approve some of the
jokes so she put the kid tarts to bed so
very hilarious one there were some
streamys grandma tarts pissed I had a
good time that was fun yeah that's great
good to see good friends old friends I
got an award I'm gonna go home tonight
with two trophies so high yeah what a
weekend so honored by the streamys to
receive that award and just to be
honored by your friends and you know
your colleagues people that you look up
to and admire to have them all in a room
clapping for you and congratulating you
it just it's it's hard to you know
there's no words it's a dream come true
it's a dream that's what it is
that's what you say my life is a dream
come true I don't know why I'm
extraordinarily blessed but it's true I
am overwhelmingly blessed and I realized
that and I just all's I can do is be
grateful so from the bottom of my heart
thank you guys the people who watch our
videos I'm so lucky to have so many cool
friends I was just realizing that being
in that room this weekend some of these
people that I have known for six or
seven years are some of the coolest
people there are I mean I feel very
lucky to have so many good friends that
are so talented and I feel very blessed
like I said so thank you thanks for
everything
love you guys
