all right another morning of CrossFit
with mr. muscle face come on mr. muscle
face you ready get your chalk on what do
you got here how much is this fort 405
deadlift Trevor
here you go buddy here you go buddy here
you go buddy even get it that barb any
kid with bands on it doing Crossfit all
right ladies how's the jump rope candace
how's it going bro and after you have
had five kids your bladder doesn't like
go to three every time you land I just
finished editing yesterday's vlog
today's vlog for me yesterday's vlog for
you don't wind so annoying I'm sorry I
would say I wouldn't blame you for
skipping through the windy parts but
don't you dare you better just watch and
listen for every hilarious second back
on the waterfall I'm so I care about
this waterfall so much what is going on
here Tyson is this Karate Kid put your
leg up like you had it I was sweet or
your pain I get it I could get it now
check out the stairs when wet slippery
when wet so we need a long enough power
source dude I like the Aspen and it it's
ready
Tyson does it have your stamp of
approval well we'll see well after after
the water goes through for a little bit
we just spent probably how long did you
spend putting that stuff in filling up
the gaps we need a rock right here and
get this some of this foam stuff to fill
in the gap so that the water will flow
faster down the stream we're about 97 95
percent done with the water if you say
we're 95% Tyson 90% we're still planning
some plants Brad and some greenery I'm
just gonna zoom in you guys I just want
to I just want you guys to appreciate
Tyson's handiwork just placing rocks and
stones and big boulders and trees just
giving life to the landscape that's what
Tyson does he's just a big sand castle
builder he's just creating worlds
remember
and the good times remembering the times
that we shared in the Sun working
together as men creating worlds
Tyson let's remember those times do you
know I'm saying like these are the times
in the Sun beautiful sky with our with
our hermanos kion that I say have we not
bonded over this pile of rocks my friend
amen brother
Tyson's doing what I want to do he's
spraying that giant boulder that looks
so satisfying to me we got to get out
listen Tyson this we're gonna do when
we're done we're gonna picture of me you
Casey Jose and reto standing in front of
the waterfall and then we're gonna like
sandblast it onto the front of that rock
what do you think dude and then on the
top of the picture of us sandblasted on
that giant rock it'll say TOI so cool
that would kill me so funny I'm saying
the four of us me my brother Tyson and
these two guys that would be great I
love it that's a genius idea what do you
think Jose you like that idea
rido well come up with good ideas do you
want to be engraving on stone
alright Rito's out of the picture guys
he doesn't get to be on the front of our
monument oh mylanta
my favorite pair of pants just showed up
I haven't had a camera all day you
slacker you weren't wearing those pants
right now I'd be so mad at you know what
I'm seeing hey what's up hi guys how was
school where's the girls were there
dance who oh they're at a pool party the
girls are at a pool party yes hey yo how
was school today God did you like it
violent bro my gosh beloved love peace
and kindness he's too AM bumptious he
wants to wrestle we're bad parents get
out of here I'm gonna spank you hello
are you
my office this is daddy's office if you
ever need to come talk to Daddy you come
to daddy's office Zeke will get you a
bed in here too okay you can lay down I
love you buddy
do you like daddy's desk that's daddy's
desk guys gonna sit right here do some
business
I love you you come in here oh man it's
crazy to think you're gonna come in here
when you're 15 years old
three or 16 years old before your first
date Dex and I'm gonna sit you down
right here at this desk you're gonna
probably sit on that side and I may be
like all right young man you're gonna
respect that young lady tonight you're
gonna show her kindness you're not gonna
kiss her you do eight three months and
then you get married zucchini bullcrap I
find a girl on the Mount I'll make love
to her right there I check this out I
like this I think that's cool I'm
excited yes what I watched the vlog
today where I had where I birth to this
child you went back in time to watch it
stop are you just scared what's the
matter you felt the rock well there's
gonna be a lot of that happening is
you're gonna climb on the waterfall
you're gonna fall off the rock you okay
you gotta be hey hey that's why I said
I'd be careful okay go be careful
it's okay you're tough I love you too
kiss that three times to make it better
- three times primary area it's almost
better it's better maybe need six kisses
was it bad I was there when it all went
down
I seen him jump from a 20 foot tall rock
all right excuse me I have an honest
question for you and I need you to
answer it honestly where did you get
those jack-in-the-box Oreo milkshakes
last night who brought those and did you
hide those from me on purpose
where was I my mom brought a movie she
made me do it
did you up purposely hide them from me
be honest no I serious like where was I
reading no I thought I was upstairs with
you guys I was like wait when did they
eat these where were you
I don't know only had a few bites and
then I put it in the freezer don't lie
to me
no shaky Vicky's shaken you wouldn't say
no shaken why'd you say no shaky because
I was like have we done or shaken
heavily that's the question have we told
you about no shaken who knows what no
shaking is it's a very big thing in mean
Colette's marriage I will tell you let's
tell them what it is no shaking we first
got married we read this book on
marriage and I'm sure we've told the
story anyhow they said in this thing
there needs to be like a phrase or a
term that you can say that means no
matter what you cannot lie right now yes
you have to under the strictest
arrangements of our matrimony you have
to tell the truth if we say this one
word you know you best friends do that
or they say something it's like you
can't lie on this we've agreed we've set
terms we've set guidelines beforehand
anyways so me and Colette's is no shaken
we say that like no shaken like you
can't lie on that is your boob out right
now I have a question is your blueberry
no yes no shakin shakin so yes her boob
is out I know she's not lying to me
anyways that's a little thing we do in
our relationship that's why we're so in
love yeah I fell off a thing yesterday
oh she's
just looking at the I'm thinking about
somebody a thumbnail for today I almost
broke my leg I almost broke a two guys
so stupid I'm so dumb and that music you
know shakin do you love me Ezekiel no
shaking I love you
Ezekiel no barking no barking no barking
Zee killed I love you I love you no
barking no but look buh buh buh shut up
weirdo you're a weirdo Oh mark you big
Barker Bob Barker with zekiel okay shut
up I gotta upload a video move hello how
you doing welcome back to our kitchen
with my family welcome back to our lives
that's not very good
Thomas yawning crusted chicken ladies
and gentlemen Parmesan encrusted Amazon
chicken potatoes forget some pepper
potatoes who doesn't like a salt and
pepper potato I know I like a salt and
pepper potato ask you a question do you
like a salt pepper potato yeah you do
let's say I like a salt and pepper
potato daddy is other than a lame daddy
that day I was insulted puppet sighs I'm
waiting bread no put that away right now
you do not come into this kitchen while
we're making a delicious gourmet dinner
that's healthy wholesome and delicious
and take a piece of white bread put it
away we're gonna eat in a minute honey
she's gonna ruin or supper giggling
stupid put it away what's the right step
away from the kitchen you're not
stepping away from the kitchen
get your salt and pepper potato juice
get in here ketchup a tooth be out of
here
dang mommy tart got all mean for a
second I get serious you got to get
serious we're eating dinner am I gonna
do those yeah I get to blend but oh
there's my favorite thing okay take the
baby so I'm going to take you baby
loofah show me the thing Lucas craps
baby baby like it to mix the potatoes
you got him
take that baby out of here you hold him
the next day when I'm on an airplane
traveling to Los Angeles California go
to the Streamy Awards
no no quarter please look enough tar on
my hands from putting that in between
the waterfall with Tyson now I'm flying
Los Angeles it's going like it's a big
dinner party tonight I had like this
black tar all over my hands so if you
didn't hear I said at the bug other day
I and was so honored I'd would eat a
streaming icon award the Plymouth let
rock hard and wrote art and the other
three kids are staying at home so they
can go to school anyways the one let you
guys know that today's Shaytards episode
was brought to you by audible.com you
know that if you go to audible.com slash
Shaytards get 50% off your first
download now listen here's why you need
an audible.com slash Shaytards account
plus just audible.com you need one
because of no shaken
things like no shaking we learned from a
book that was simple principle of having
this keyword when you can never lie
because actually really hope to being
collects barrage over the years there's
been times when I wanted to lie where
it's like I don't want to tell her that
and she'll say no shaken and I have
vowed to never lie on a girl shaken and
I'll have to
we have opened up this line of
communication that has made our
relationship so much stronger and we
learn that from a book so if you have
not heard about audible.com they have
thousands and thousands of audio
downloading books that you can get links
right here auto-doc long slash eight
arts and be sign up right now using that
link / recharge you get 50% off your
very first audio download bank books
there's good information get yourself
one unless do you know Isis DVDs you
review if your ebooks is we're a
bookstore this reverse on your phone
there's like thousands of titles which
evidently
about Jason Morgan latter to our centers
all right now we're in our apartment in
Los Angeles guys say hi what are you
doing over there
we have DiGiorno's and raisin bread and
macaroni and cheese in the apartment in
California no butter there's no butter
so we there's we need to go restock the
apartment dad look at that heart that's
you babe okay so we're gonna go shop me
I'm gonna go trim my oh I'm gonna trim
my beard you guys I did say I wasn't a
cut my beard until the marathon I need
to trim it yeah let's trim it a little
bit a big night it's still gonna be big
yeah I want to look I don't look
presentable so I'm going to get a
haircut right now we're going to get do
some shopping and they have to go to a
dinner tonight okay love you guys we'll
see you on Monday maybe we'll try to do
a one taker from the streamys we'll see
tune in you guys Sunday night I'll let
you know yeah I'll probably definitely
make a one-take around probably
definitely okay you know what I promise
you guys right freaking now I promise
I'm gonna do I'm gonna try my best to
upload a one take her from the streamys
on my phone if I can't because the
service is bad that I can't but I'm
gonna try it up a little one take her
from the streamys on Sunday okay love
you guys okay I love you all right watch
it live I'll put a link below
