back again at the bar look da painting
it yeah you painting that house oh she's
the bomb to Burkina okay good morning
family how are you guys today okay so
we've got some stuff going on we have
seven cats that need to go to the doctor
actually four of them are already there
I've got three of them in containment
right now which means they were not
supposed to eat the whole night before
because we're getting them fixed because
we cannot really have any more cats is
that okay so we have some cats that are
in containment right now which means
they've been sitting there all they've
been there so that they did couldn't eat
or drink all night so they're kind of
probably hungry and wanting to get out
of the bathroom so I'm going to go and
put them in their kennels so that we can
take them to the doctor and we'll pick
up the other kittens hopefully all the
things went well they're all healthy
though that's great the ones that I took
the doctor they're all healthy and good
this is really cute though let me show
you guys look
previously ping in the sink tonight did
you guys sleep in there all night I
think guys are so cute so this one you
guys this one is Aphrodite oh no this
was Aphrodite see how she has a
beautiful orange eyebrow and then a
black eyebrow and this is Cleopatra
because she has all black around her
eyes she's very well yes it's very
pretty and very stuff she listened to
all the part just for setting English
you hear that there's something very
comforting a lot of kitties / and
especially when they're all laying on it
like I'm at together it's just like oh I
want to lay with you guys just I can
hear you / it's so calming and calming
and comforting yeah he's a big one
I think she's a she actually she's a big
fluffy 100 I know they're so snuggly oh
you suck are you guys hungry I'm sorry I
know you're probably so hungry okay
let's get them in their kennels so that
we can take them to the doctor
yeah I love these calico ones look how
big they are and just beautiful you're
still pretty you're still pretty
yeah cuz you're so pretty oh you guys
wish to pet the stuff oh you're skipping
that one stop sniffling and get it to
stop you kind of sound like a cat in a
jingle you sound like a cat hissing when
you do that I bet you it's freaking her
out a little bit here alright let's put
him in their kennels okay now we've got
to wake up another kitty hey little
kitty hi sweet little kitty boy you did
Prague's says he saw him smiling you
know I was sleeping with doc from the
other night and he's sort of giggling I
think he's having a happy dream oh so
cute
Paxton's good morning pumpkin Moo you
want to play kitties this morning we're
gonna go to the doctor we're gonna take
the kitties to Dalton
she's want to come with us you wanna
come with us little kitty oh he does you
do did you say yeah he does yeah we're
gonna go get him ready and then we'll go
and then we're coming home to clean your
room that's an interesting dance I've
never seen that one before
that's my reaction to to cleaning the
house what you call me baby toy did you
call me made me turn yeah I'll be baby
turn I'm squishing that's a compliment
oh you guys are crazy
alright let's get rid all right we got
him in the kennel plenty well it is a
little heavy all carrier okay for a
teaser like what dude they're gonna be
okay all right
there's ready for school today y'all Dom
hey guys what's up stray charge back
again back again back again with the
blogs and by now we're going to school
and we are taking the cats to the kennel
because they need to get neutered so
they can stop oh maybe your face and I'm
in wrestling right now that's super fun
for see my these amazing shoes look what
if these tips are like a yellow gold
something that any that's a dive what's
your hi guys is it working
okay eight black toner says so here we
are in the car it's not focusing we are
on our way to school and right as a
science go black curly hair today we're
so somewhere Orange
I warned George
see see words are useless where are
today
something about bullying but I don't
know because non bullying day yeah yeah
what she said
anyways we're on our way to school yeah
don't ball with you it's very foggy
outside oh my gosh why those camera
focuses anyways yeah here we are at the
kiddie side beyond because we're gonna
go take it to the doctor to get dinner
and to see if I'm pregnant in the bar
and just like that we made the
switcheroo we got both the boys here hi
boys
I'm sorry I left you I'm glad to see you
and both of the girls here we got unique
and Isabelle sorry I didn't vlog in
there it was a little chaotic so we got
seven and they were Albany home tomorrow
all healthy and well and fixed and so
hopefully we won't have to worry about
okay yeah anyways alright
gotta go cut oh my goodness it sounds
like a party in here
daddy's home oh the time spent on
minimize the air over here about okay I
like it long enough I like it hila top
down here the shy tears old ears
ragosa's one two three smoke that's a
good one I know that's how I made it on
purpose
ready see oh come here
dude dad dad oh dear funny cuz it's
myself Freddie okay helicopters
one twos and threes Oh suplex version
hey whoa
look how dachshund wants you to do it
again to somebody else you watch this
trick I'll try naps ready oh wow watch
it's gonna feel like you're gonna fall
back but but yeah don't thank you a
watch
ready backflip is ready ready fun ready
backflip just kidding guys you don't
realize this is she's work like he gets
a workout hurry all those models I would
be such a workout I refuse to look up
like throw the kids around anymore cuz
it's just too much work I'm gonna go
take my coat Oh dad Stan what are you
doing with your toast
you're painting it yeah you painting
that house well he is an artiste what
can I say he begged his food even we're
gonna clean your room with you yeah guys
does your two-year-old paint their toes
I can say that's a first for me I've
never heard of my Turin painting their
toast yet I mean now I already stinker
this little guy helped me today on the
mom so you didn't you you didn't lies
yes you did you helped me yes you did
because I have to check out the mom's
view we were bringing the flip books
back and we did a flip book with him I
just gave him a bath so you couldn't see
woody but I tempted flesh maybe some of
you saw some snake you like to watch you
don't punch them they're very nice and
placed in I wanted to you want or you
want to like to you
but I went to touch them I'm sorry guys
he's a little violent but at least it's
polite but I want to that's not nice
don't punch I love you hey John I'm
sorry yeah I'm sorry
I'm shy Dracula stinker hey guys it is a
cold rainy day today so I am making a
warm stew for dinner and I love fresh
vegetables all cut up knowing that I'm
going to put them all together in a soup
it's just so comforting and cozy I've
already got the beef cooking's right
here it's been simmering for a little
while gonna be good this is one of my
favourite recipes it was my mom's so
it's just like a simple beef stew but it
always is cozy and warming when it's
like really cold outside and that is
like today overcast and cold mmm
sometimes when it's overcast and cold
it's hard because your mood kind of
feels that way too but you gotta like be
grateful I guess for every type of
weather instead of just like Oh where's
the Sun I hate my life that's kinda how
I feel today though but sometimes it's
overcast and it's just beautiful and I
love it but today I'm just like hmm so
I'm gonna make some cozy food if I'm
lucky I could get my apple crisp made
but we'll see we'll see what happens
checking in checking in checking in to
get in check it in checking in checking
in checking in checking in to getting
the engine
it has a gun Hey Hey all right darts at
dinner we are now gonna do what book are
you reading segment with Shane Gavin hey
everybody welcome to the segment to the
shot from Gavin Bauer
here's Michael shake off today the book
I always share with you is called
Maximum Ride the angel experimental pick
first time reading it there are like
zero pictures in that it seems
interesting the 30 seconds go what about
so these happens with kids are born in a
laboratory called the school and the
half angel and they have wings and stuff
well they escaped and they live in this
house in the mountains no parents no
parents and - this has like 400 pages do
you read all of that you know all those
words most of them okay moving along to
today's segment we have miss mu Lewis
McGee office which you're even there
doofus Hayley trips the wedding budgets
really bad yeah sounds like a wedding
glitch and she's a girl for her aunt's
wedding how exciting okay
and she got her dress and she wore to
school with her mom she she busted that
is a no-no mom her teachers a snitch -
this book is intense
well you're saying she shouldn't got in
trouble for that yeah if your mom tells
you do not wear that dress to school and
she wears the school she did you're
listening dude that's a glitch it's a
wedding hitch glitch anyways sorry fair
evening Maybelle uh-huh Maybelle is
trying not to get back in the fairy
castle is that Mabel Mabel or Mabel I
think it's Mabel Mabel she's the bomb
punk rock anyways what else the spiders
you wanna go back in the castle because
they the CIA
helping people don't ruin too much of
the book okay what other book you're
reading well I haven't started this one
yet it's upside down Betty
okay we'll flip it right side up and
then get reading it kay hey if you read
any books good that's a waste of time
