hi I'm logging here all right good
morning today we CrossFit and get fit
with mr. trevor strongest man in
southeastern idaho
look at those calf muscles you guys
these are some serious calf muscles he
can front squat how much did you front
squat last week 30 73 75 ladies and
gentlemen look at this Razorback gorilla
that's heavy
okay impasse alright Waterfalls this
extension cord goes all the way up to
the house like a couple hundred feet to
like the corner outlet that we have on
the outside and comes to right here the
pump cord comes right here what movie
does that remind you of Marty you got it
good up to 88 miles an hour I'm on Marty
gotta go get a drink buddy that good
it's Greek water daddy it's the best
right so well that good what's this a
remote boys I just hit that right now
you're giving me the grand opening all
right guys excited just to be able to
remote the pump to my waterfall I have a
key pop for my waterfall about the
pocket ready oh it's coming let's go
here we go Oh Daesan it's the first day
of the waterfall toys go like oh I can
turn it on no way look like okay let's
see let me hit it ready
I just hold it there's up there's a key
fob for my waterfall I've just holding
it down is it coming out faster we're
kind of limited by the well - oh yeah
cuz you got the water down there and
everybody we already pumped it in this
is our water now it's not the wells
water anymore guys update my waterfalls
right now I'm fully done this is just
like the very first test run
chef yeah dude it's gonna be sweet I
love the sound of it it's like ambience
oh yeah I don't want to get outside
there let escape right here
rado hey get out of my granite boy
oh look a tool to the trade right here
you guys got Willie to the number one
spot on that heli challenge remember the
other day the website you guys got him
to the number one spot you guys Rock but
they screwed up
I think they screwed up Willie broke the
rules there were supposed to be two
people in his edit and there was only
him cuz he shreds hard enough for only
one person different two people to shred
in his video he shoots and shreds
anyways he got disqualified so heli
challenge major mess on your part
anyways he's cutting out the sink in the
laundry room standing in his sink I
spent a lot of time doing that standing
in sinks headed looking good that
kitchen I'm gonna go show him the
kitchen one you guys Willie's making
more videos first did you make a video
of the kitchen sink yes sir you did okay
kind of hold cam up here a little shout
out a little shout out and a pole cam do
these are sweet I'm gonna get I want to
get ski poles like these I'll hook you
up dude these are awesome and you
they're being made right now really okay
good nice she put I want to yell in for
my shaycarl logo can I do that oh yeah
specialized alright I'm gonna show him
your sink so Willie he cut out the
kitchen sink today and it looks sweet
it's one of those farmhouse sinks it's
huge
we could bathe Brock Daxton and Emmy in
there if we had to anyways you know so
you have to kind of like scribe it out
around the sink and then polish the
inside of it and this sink is cast-iron
this sink probably weighs more than I do
it's probably 250 pounds so there's like
a car jack you could you could check up
a semi with this it's holding up the
sink with a giant log anyways this stuff
is sweet so you guys Willie made a video
of how he cut this out I mean look how
nice and polished that looks oh they
look sweet that is craftsmanship
craftsmanship indeed so and this is just
raw stone from the mountains this has
been coming together
thousands of years thousands of years
these so do the messiness like look at
all that gorgeousness and now it lives
here with me I have captured it I love
it so cool
can't wait just lay on it late at night
when nobody's watching make note not
naked maybe I don't know update on
the waterfall starting to come together
that looks great
let me get in there oh yeah I take a
picture Tyson where's my remote control
so windy I'm gonna see if I can turn it
on from up here that would be so cool
hi I'm overseeing the waterfall let it
rain let the waterfall have water
alright the wind is just atrocious I
might have to do a lot of voiceovers and
these Mountain vlogs you guys anyways
this water goes down and then it goes
into the pump and then it recycles back
to the top of the hill so basically this
same water just recycles over and over
and over back through the waterfall okay
stay tuned and Jose is gonna film me
jumping off of this Bobcat nice let me
strand it up here alright let's go -
voiceover once again because the win is
horrific and I think I need to explain a
few things
ladies and gentlemen what you were about
to witness is a chubbier bearded man who
thinks he's athletic just narrowly miss
breaking his leg okay so I'm sitting up
here thinking oh I could jump off of
this no problem all wait no you can't
you chub-o the shorts my shorts caught
on one of the bolts on the top of the
skid steer and a hung me up I was like
hanging there this bolt right here it
got my short and it's taught me maybe
let's watch in slow motion Kate now
being sort of a treble in this situation
kind of saved me because if I was a
little bit lighter and that material was
a little bit stronger I could be still
hanging from that skid steer today
ladies and gentlemen but I narrowly
avoided breaking my leg
nice stairs reto oh that hurt I hit my
shin a little bit alright music rolls
just got home we go home and now they're
taking charge it's a baby fighting over
the baby you guys want to see where we
were me and Doc sit at our church we
have something that's called Super
Saturday where all the women I guess are
invited to come and do crafts and like
recipes and just like all sorts of
things and I was in charge of putting
together this craft that involves so all
these little hand soaps and what we're
going to do is you peel off like the
stickers this back sticker and this
front sticker so it's just a clear red
soap jar bottle thing and then we're
going to have little sayings that are
like laminated that you put inside of
the soap I've never done it before but
it was somebody's idea and so I was just
in charge of buying all this out so I
got lots of soap guys my mom just has
really big thing about germs it's true I
have a phobia of germs I need to look up
soap hopefully it'll be fun I've never
done it before
oh snap a time for sharing you all got
cute shoes I can't go with you though
just the back of it
are you guys excited
alright let's go ahead and hire like I'm
excited for the roses start to it except
though I was computer and Kaylee was a
cheerleader yeah so I'm a classier
they're little cute ears you're cute
you're scared you have to teach me what
you learn okay okay sleep seven
is always nice make your lips are your
children yeah having were only doing a
little bit right I'm sorry my baby is a
new public restroom the father yeah we
get trouble let's go dude do you guys
want to see the very best part of my day
right there I love you what are you
doing eating the baby food snack look
babe here lose gosselin you oh not only
bro sorry
dive in there I love you I like
chocolate I love you I love your essence
I love your aura I love your face and
I'm sorry when I snore ah oh you're
beautiful
not such a lucky guy you guys were going
to Los Angeles on Friday me a mother am
i beautiful woman and I love boy and Dax
and I'm Rob you
thanks for spent on me um and I wanted a
war an icon award with pitbull and
Michelle Phan and Tyler Oakley I'm so
honored and excited that's awesome
the 2014 streamys have honored me with
an icon award that means what we got a
dress-up I want to see you and us
something fans fancy Scott what are you
gonna wear Dan girlfriend I can't wait
to see what you put together a dress you
know it's hard pan suit hard to find
modest dresses these days well you want
to show off your hoo-ha I don't like
showing off the hoo-ha I like when you
show um yeah we're the same old Suchet I
get another suit new suit hey love you
I'm going home I got to go running okay
I did work I did do CrossFit this
morning but I'm going running to someone
look good in my new suit you go up
saying plus gotta get ready for the
marathon Zeke don't do anything Kai do
just chill there check it out reg we're
having feel Dom there's bacon and
tomatoes and know what well you are not
mad
right well we're not quite old enough
yet toothless how's the soap houses
stuff but maybe how we cheer only do
background time you already worked on
that stuff today
eh I do way different than California
yeah the difference what it's way
different my California right no hands
yes did you have a helper I taught her
could you do it is a foam pit no I
didn't hear
I taught her yeah probably I didn't hear
it with no hands you need to dry up your
food first well daddy something and film
at the camera and slip off of the bank
they oh yeah Oh 9:15 I can't handle I
don't really good you got really good
don't do it all because if you imagine
in your head like that you're ready to
kidding Bob I got a big problem is ready
don't astray because you might want
talking out but I hear are you guys
getting any other sorry
yeah I think you got enough this little
baby is crawling are you crawling now
I'm gonna show us how you crawl let me
see that
yeah bring it over here come and get it
oh well I didn't work with others
expected or something help me
you know it wasn't very long ago on the
blogs that this little dude was crawling
on there what I don't what I don't like
I don't even know shakes our guys she
made me do it I like don't judge me i'ma
just make it I don't want to do this
I mean you sick don't eat milkshakes
guys you don't get any I brush your
teeth and you go oh all right fine
guess I'll brush your teeth again yeah
you don't wanna neither disgusting man
so what the heck where's the milkshakes
come from because I did not I repeat I
did not bring those milkshakes home and
this right here as I'm editing this clip
is the first time I'm seeing these
milkshakes and I'm trying to think to
myself when did she sneak two milkshakes
past me was I went to delicious oriole
milkshakes being devoured up in this
upstairs room by themselves hiding for
me I'm gonna get down to the bottom of
this Oreo double milkshake situation
I'm gonna go vlog it for tomorrow's vlog
I'm gonna ask her who and when and where
she thought she'd go buy two Oreo
milkshakes I think you know honestly I
think she might have been trying to hide
them from me because she knows I'm
trying to be good
she knows I'm trying to get ready for
the marathon I seriously and I'm gonna
ask her straight up plate blank to her
face Colette did you hide two Oriole
milkshakes from me that you forgot that
I would see in the Edit of the Shaytards
vlog huh for what's the date today I
don't know because my phone's dead it's
like I think September 4 2014 Colette
did you think that I would not see those
two Oriole milkshakes huh question mark
and that's what I'm asked her I'm gonna
film it and you guys can watch it
tomorrow okay love you click on a video
enjoy some more Shaytards logs buy a
backpack have a smile thumbs up let you
guys see tomorrow
