what am i gay guys phones today alright
guys here on the farm
people in the country know how to get
she is done a cig graphite are taking
the garbage out taking the trash out
thanks grandpa
hey we're rocking this poor little baby
that's a little bit chilly this morning
hey excited to walk to school today
Brock is going to his first day of
school excited at school first day
school it's like through on your first
day school no a blast a school
everybody's cool with us but I got my
solo because you don't know anybody and
is ghostwriter of it you're gonna know
anybody cuz you could say would be so
cool because that sounds logical
alright here we go
okay we got the other kids off to school
now it's time for my other baby are you
going to school today I'm I'm gonna miss
you while you're gone
look we did his hair what are you
laughing I think he was me you want to
wait let's get your nap your what's it
called again hat not a nut Matt you can
up Matt yeah oh okay let's go out in the
garage all our school sets out in the
garage
what we need is now comp Matt and in
school he wants a pen and his homework
you show it you want to show us your
homework beep go to school - show us
your homework yes you put this in his
bag this is his homework have you done
it yet or you still have to do it ok are
you excited you don't get to go to
school yet I still get you for a few
more years
weaving it out alright your buddies
little thing that's your hook excited
we hear your classes on the playground
so learning about in the playground find
his class but this is your first day can
you give mommy kisses ah thank you
hi hey how's it going hey yes said I am
let me see the me snacks do it and then
we give him the snack is among the
missing
um my mom um said that she hates it but
we mixed it with grapes cut up grapes
and he likes it huh scuse me are you on
the telephone I need to talk to you
ma'am yeah okay sorry who was that
hey what's your name thank you were you
just on the phone with her no man is
good idea no I have a voice recording on
my ear Oh so how are you talking to her
cuz I didn't hear you talking but she
seemed like she was talking to you so
how are you talking to her she what did
that true she was saying bye
oh so you're even talking so you just
you just said okay bye oh my gosh so you
have a bluetooth and you guys are
calling and you have a tile these girls
want to phone more than anything they
use everything to try to mimic
communication devices we even cut out
cardboard in the draw and you learn
things at it Cornford cord burn one and
I cut out oh well she cut out I pass
then I drop it yeah I want to put like
all the numbers and stuff on it when do
you guys think you on the phone okay
what if you guys got a phone what if I
got guys phones today no I'm not no oh
you see their faces
their faces bolt up and they're like
okay yes yes we love you what am i gay
guys phones today you see mom and dad on
their phone years
you can wait I just want to call it text
because there's love it wait why are
going to jail don't want a jail
haha are you crazy go see that baby ask
for cameras oh all right don't do that
it's rude go to your sister sorry hole I
got up I'm run out of battery I know
you're getting none of that go feed the
baby
go make cardboard iPads
use your imagination there's no iPads
when I was a kid every time I nature in
the camera on you wants to look at get
them back yeah okay go Jackson nope
hmm selfie kick come to it he needs
crosses please a separate call it's not
crying so I just hit big bug
all right I'm uploading the vlog getting
naked players what am i players gift
card where'd you get that Claire's gift
card your belly grab your gene that was
nice so wait you guys are shopping on
Claire's right now yeah hey speaking of
shopping online for back-to-school
products you guys new shaycarl backpacks
you guys like this backpack yeah I love
this backpack I've been wearing it for
four days now and I think it's sweet let
me show you guys the inside of it really
quick let me show you one of my favorite
features of the shaycarl backpack inside
here is a really nice pocket
Emmylou ffice unzip that pocket and tell
me what's in there valuable items no
doubt unzip that pocket fill the inside
of that what is the inside that pocket
feel like huh camera look at this I want
to show this real quick the inside of
this is what would you say that's like
felt it's like a soft leather like the
back side of the leather pigskin picks
my pigs skin anyway this is really soft
so you can put like sunglasses or
cameras or telephone on the inside
pocket of the backpack put my camera
back in there and zip it up hurry get my
camera
what'd you do with it put it back in my
pig skin felt pouch and zip it back up
so I can get back it's a pig skin
thrilled pig skin it's not pig skin you
crazy crazy awesome anyways and then
there's more pockets in here there is a
spot to slide a laptop I have a very big
17 inch laptop that fits nice and snug
there's a big pocket in there what they
like about this I was riding my bike the
other night this yellow works is a good
like nighttime like hey don't run over
me I'm on a bike anyway I love this
colors too and there's really good
quality the stitching is good the
zippers are strong they're like the why
zippers and then this is like a canvas
you know and look at this this is a
really good strap and the knees are very
plush padded backpack straps look we got
this on the inside it's like what would
you say that was passed pack yeah we got
a lot of puff-puff good that's how you
know you have a good backpack see all
that pop up guys that's thick puff puff
if I had ever seen some puff puff on a
backpack I'd be like dang that's a lot
of puff ha no you can't look at Claire's
I want you to be the President of the
United States anyway so there's some
other pockets in there it's a nice
backpack oh there's one cool thing it's
like if you have your keys and let me
open this bad boy up for it if you have
keys you can put a keyring here this is
a really nice keyring and then it
detaches if you push this button it
detaches like that
and then you can take your keys in your
car and then when you're done driving to
school or whatever you just attach it
back on there and then that's like
inside your backpack that we don't need
lose your keys so it's like put all your
keys and stuff on here drive your car
you don't wanna lose your keys snap on
your backpack it's inside your backpack
and then there's also like little
pockets for pencils and calculators and
you know lunch money Narnia's in here
somewhere I can't member where I put it
sort of Narnia go oh it's in the
puff-puff yeah this is go through here
to find Narnia right to that horror Hey
anyways you guys want to brand-new
shaycarl backpacks for back-to-school I
love mine very no more you um you
ready have that look at this there have
a look how much eyeshadow does that's
only 16 dollars but you tweet her
daughter's so that way where that's
really cute I don't want to
I would get that down sorry come down
here but this is like a shadow
talk to you and love that she wouldn't
yeah is this doing some online shopping
hmm look at that you should get that
look guys different kinds of blushes no
this target why do I feel like you're
trying to spend baby tards money for her
I I bought her some panda earrings and
she owes me so oh really so is that why
you brought her tears card down here
because we got dandy earrings for six
dollars and fifty cents why cut them
make us this makeup kit at six dollars
and fifty cents it's even do you think
that's fair baby tard is that true yes
cuz I got on my first guitar now I have
to do it with her is that true at me she
bought you some yes that she lost a
mixer is that what you don't want to
admit it did you lost him I asked my dad
to you but I got different earrings also
no but doing my money back our tiny man
tiny tiny tiny likely excuse I never
lose my pen earrings ever I have this
one and then whoa whoa you have this one
what's today Oh valuable oh wow she
okayed a G you guys my my mom is a
champion grandma today she picked up
Little Rock heard from his preschool and
that's where I picked up Logan and
Cooper yeah barley then you pick up
Carly they're the same preschool that
those guys went to he is gray did you
have fun at school today
yeah what what did you get did you can
watch you get these oh cool hey tell me
about school Eagle um well he's moving
hey did you like school yes was it fun
what did you learn huh what'd you learn
at school was it fun yes did you have a
snack
yes cool I like your new dinosaur
grandma is so nice
don't be jealous my toenails I'll be
jaws don't be jealous
I know you're jealous so we'll be
jealous you could get yours done too
it's half off of the pedicure pallets
half off half off don't be jealous
well do yours too I promise you your
shoe please don't leave me
he's opening rows pedicure power sweeper
setup column 1-800 pedicure column dude
I'm sorry okay I'm sorry I got a better
picture than you do not tell tell me
show you just slipped
you just flip another hope I just get a
discount call a pedicure palace tell
them shakes that you don't paint your
toenails pink you swear Oh sponsors ah
if I were hit go ahead go ahead get him
get him save me pedicure bounce 30% off
okay
get out you big great name
get off the trip don't kick him be nice
all right get on you're too big to be on
a trampoline
get out Vee get No he's right out
someone's excited was he fine over there
did he find hold us up bouncing he's
fightin with something what is that Oh
said he found a snake or something
exactly you found something did you find
Zeek all he finds a big Coby go see what
he found Kobe is it anything or a false
alarm what are you looking for won't see
anything over here I'm professional
hunting dog my daddy Carl taught me yeah
I don't see nothing he's just acting a
fool over here hey today here's the
thing he's a jumping baby
he's jumping baby baby boy baby
now you're gonna crack a smile huh a
smile huh you bounce on a trampoline
with the baby voice did you chicken whoa
you get hyper no don't give no no don't
don't get them over jumping or ever will
be happy to lead the whole thing yeah
now he's laughing baby but whoa hey
Brock tell us how school was today did
you like school
yes are you smart now you're poet so
let's put the popsicle stick down while
we jump yeah popsicle stick Yannick this
is Nick who else to have anybody with
you me my favorite yeah you're getting
popsicle all over is that why you're I'm
not your favorite cuz I tell you what to
do all the time haha quick wraps it on
the tram whatever's in your popsicles
egg copies were pinkie swear pinkies me
what is a pinky swear Brock for school
for school you pinky swear for school
you pinky swear school ah
no lies the no lie pinkie swear
hey Brad would you have our lunch would
you up for lunch Brock yeah now he's
cool yeah that's cool what you have a
school for lunch huh we have yet another
one estimate lentils and Luke mac and
cheese uh nope your favorite yes like
smelting and what else these yes and
what else
apples apples green beans yeah what else
Apple yeah and pretzels and milk yes oh
that sounds yummy pretty cool because in
Prince's Prince's in milk packages and
princes and milk and up on the baby
guys he's fun how was football practice
yeah yeah hustle oh yeah our
conditioning we
until her sides hurt oh that's good for
ya your sides hurt alright stay hydrated
okay okay only to wear those to bed okay
I'm going to get used to wearing those
pads alright ready for bed
hey there's no nail doing it's time for
sleepy time
yeah grandma how much you still on the
carpet look at that that's all nail
polish on the carpet right there you're
in trouble
grandma my hair may not have said a
couple of swear words you want and rose
again what did she say this nail polish
loofah swing but your grandmas wearing
you don't care sometimes you just gotta
I yeah yeah Ranma oh that influence
potty mouth come alright bedtime good
night see you tomorrow
I'm not picking my nose
what flipping on you yeah now that is a
good dad I mean come on you guys how
many of your dad's flip boogers on you I
don't think probably very many so I know
that I'm a good burger flipper that's
gross I didn't I was scratching my nose
my nose itches I have allergies I have
allergies and a cold so sometimes you
have to scratch your nose when you have
allergies anyways next watch today's lot
I think it was a good one I liked it it
made me smile so that's all that matters
honestly I think that's actually true
and I hope it makes you smile that's the
way that I stay sane doing this every
single day is I do what I think is funny
and fun and then hopefully other people
like it too and that's why I loved what
I do because I get to do what I want to
do what I think is funny so hopefully
you guys like it and I appreciate you
being along for the journey click on
yesterday's wobbling on I feel like your
buddy what's a wish eight hours what do
what is your professor he's really good
backpack you're like I like backpacks I
like the backs I like that backs
any pictures have you get it back Becky
bye
