with
good in this
we have two left
Oh
here okay you have to come in the right
way okay you have to look like Oh sir
move it
um so Bloods we'll see what the girls
are doing are you ready
welcome to the princess Palace oh I
tried in their psyche that you may be in
the princes balance I like this Oh your
husband looks like it's kiddie ride you
startled me
are you what are you doing in that bar
she's being adorable you guys want to
see the light that's gonna go in
princess charts room and baby tarts
gonna have one in her and brock's room
this one who's so pretty also so pretty
yeah so you wear doesn't do this hey are
you looking weird oh yeah
Emmie be honest do you want to share a
room with Brock big yeah Rock has
informed me he wants to share a room
with her yeah every time I've asked you
you said yes because you're afraid
yeah so that's okay around the only
thing is this is a life that's gonna be
in the room so I hope that he doesn't
mind because we've got in the boys room
already and then he decided that he
doesn't want to share with Jackson he
wants to share with Emmy Wow I don't
know the reasoning but I'm like maybe
we'll just put a toddler bed in both
rooms and he can just talk you can room
hop Hey
are you doing yoga Oh baby yoga boy this
is my could you own a half of it Wow
okay
you'll be able to do cartwheels ooh yeah
we're getting really interested in our
house we're not quite there yet
ah yes you can soon oh he gave his own
baby blanket
yeah he's so gorgeous in your plane he
wants it we an are we apart money we're
gonna put the curse on but we start to
get the hooks to it so we didn't do it
yet but here's her pretty eyes that's so
pretty kick pretty pretty pretty look
there's a light sit right here
mmm it's brighter this is so cute okay
first I'm going to show you her bed day
we were gonna pick the threads on it
episode to get books and then next in
her room that she has she has some
pictures a picture of the kids but that
tiny one is me right there nice okay
Gavin then here's mom and dad that's mom
and that's my dad and then a soccer
trophy perfume bubble flowers 8th fret
oh yeah and then a vertex on that
grandma let her have then hello guys
it's a good and her too and then next
she has out is her bedding right this
one my bed
yes and put that on a bed then I'm going
to put these cartons on it which I
really prefer cradle bit it wasn't
really pretty add your weirdest had a
little um um pink roses right
so that it won't cover yeah I'll look
pretty and then next she has a tailored
suit pusher poster on the front of her
door I like to run lipstick that she has
on and then and then she has a princess
picture and I will him my beautiful lamp
but I got a boss and then she had her
pony Gator all right so we're back at
our house have we showed you guys the
kids lights we let them all pick out
their own ceiling fans look you see
centered ceiling fan
he's got sports memorabilia on it that's
cool huh what's that basketballs on so
maybe a ceiling fan let's go show him
hers all right check out this dainty
little piece I think she's gonna like
that yeah go get those installed huh
Emmys her carpet isn't in yet I would
say princess card has the most moved in
room out of everybody in the house I
think when you get your room put
together bronze what are you doing in
here did you kick your butt
which ones jiving uh the purple one see
ya you getting better at pool Gavin huh
you shooting well show me a shot right
here all right let's see hit that four
ball in dude don't miss it no why
let me try again how many times you
think you'll say that let me try again
wait I bet until he makes it Oh bet you
shiny buffalo-head nickel that's how
long it takes him he's in a shoot until
he makes it don't miss this one because
I'm gonna run over there I'm gonna jump
on top of you I'm give you a purple
nurple ha ha ha ha make it dawg Oh
purple nurple dime he's gonna get uh
purple nurple Kimsey Gooden all right
let's go come on why don't we get some
food we're hungry I show you guys one of
the rooms I'm actually surprised at how
much I like it this is probably one of
my favorite rooms in the house but it's
the laundry room I love it it's just one
of them like the tile and the marble I
love this marble
all right like that take off this is
cardboard they'll peel that off but this
is where you're going to be learning how
to fold lots of clothes washer and dryer
right here you have to learn how to do
your lunge laundry was a - okay and then
this look this entryway right here all
your shoes open those we got to open
those look there's drawers down there
they'll be like galoshes and boots like
on a rainy day you can put your boots in
there and stuff you can hang your
backpack so we'll have some hooks right
there you guys can hang your backpacks
right here yeah okay that one's your
cubby second looks like an old
alright house is coming together as soon
as we get everything moved in it's time
to start building the halfpipe in the
garage you got to move the tractor babe
babe that's a lot of work which one's
more important to you alright the Grinch
dinner winners will give your sister a
hug give your sister a hug give her a
hug what's going on over here we got a
cool cat Belling up to the bar okay do
it again okay ready see how fast I get
you going
coder is a good hook it's a proverb if
you're hungry you're probably good at
cooking stuff you want his back yes you
have to get one in the restaurant ah did
you get your brother to pick one oh you
made favorite better oh snap did you
hear that other brothers oh yeah okay
come here Maya green sword I got a green
sword for rock tart here I totally
couldn't take it in to the restaurant
said to leave it out here here you go
you're welcome he's crazy in his moon
boots why are you so crazy tonight at
moon boot man we got him how's my girl
doing how you doing girl I love this
girl
just like to bury my face in your beard
it's my girl dog dogs a smoker
yo dogs me introduce you to my girl it's
my girl right here she's got a burp
towel on her face yeah yeah my girl got
a bird on her face where you at girls
dumbbells on your faces
come on love with you huh well squeeze
your butt yep did it we knew about it
have a cut on your hand Zeke did it he's
the culprit he did this one and this one
we fight aggressively we kind of get out
of sometimes me and zekiel crazy
you know what's crazy ho is you not
clicking the thumbs up button on this
sweet awesome family blog your side yeah
click over there thumbs up bud hey guys
thanks for watching today uh back to
school kids are back school this morning
and you will see that in tomorrow's vlog
so just stay tuned Rocha don't you go a
ding nowheres you understand me click on
yesterday's vlog we don't have mystery
but oh you guys we have the run
yeah new video Blake is working on an
edit of me and Carly's half marathon
he said the footage come looks really
good so that's gonna be on the shaycarl
channel on Wednesday which is tomorrow
I'm really excited if you guys to see it
and then see what we've been doing all
these years one two three four and five
you know the routine click on a button
there's down there in the description if
you're on a mobile device okay give me
big fat kiss I'm a beard don't get lost
in there now
hey also I was thinking about not
shaving my beard until I ran the New
York Marathon in November what do you
think about that September October
that's a two months from now my beard is
already pretty beefy that would be
pretty cool to run the New York City
Marathon with a giant beard we're guys
think are you with me on that can we
like bed together with this cause of
bearded Miss that I'll shave it and
donate it just people without beards
okay that's what I would do cuz that's
kind of guy am just always giving
charity love kindness humility tomorrow
