hi login here all right it's a beautiful
morning we're getting ready for a
football game first football game it's
exciting I'm super nervous they're
playing a really hard team today so dad
is running a half-marathon I'm hoping he
will make it here on time at least for
the last half and I'm going to film a
lot of it so he won't miss it
and there is getting pictures that be so
embarrassing if I yelled out yes it what
I want I won't I will refrain okay boy
good job right you guys those clips were
really windy so shave the adele's around
here to explain a little football Gavin
is the center he's what about to hike
that football to the quarterback motion
22 motion Gavin hikes it little oh no
big deal runs up the field
Gavin's blocking so Gavin plays Center
his job is to hike the ball to the
quarterback and then block block for the
rudder protect the quarterback there is
again you see he has his orange armband
on it he's about to hike the ball after
22 motions a little high but that's okay
hands it off the Gavin's up there push
it all those green shirted guys out of
the way so that we can run up the ball
go Gavin these are our first touchdown
it's the one play I didn't film but
maybe that's good luck maybe I should be
filming
let's go cowboy job oh my oh hey your
brother's one is one of the hardest
games one of the hardest team simple
handedly there's a team to tell you how
to kick okay
get ahead blank file two of a 13.1 mile
race it's still a mile - I'm winning you
want to mount in my heart it isn't
called dual filming uh truck got in my
way yeah coconut water out of there I
need some potassium you know kay play my
right calf is cramping yeah thanks
coconut water that you drinking
Tasi okay karna come on shy so here's a
little behind the scenes on some butler
sibling rivalry right there towards the
end about a half mile out for the finish
line I said Carly we finished together
did you kind of sat there for a minute
and she's like let's just sprint at the
end and I knew she would have tried to
beat me is it we win and I was so happy
you guys your tweeter and say it's too
bad she lost ah sucker they had one of
these I'm trying to teach him and like
take it from him and then he finally
gave it to him and then rock with it hi
Troy what's this thing awesome love it
if you try and action
okay this is the best I guess it's not a
sandwich place but they are a bakery so
they have really good time and it's
awesome hi I came to get rolls for the
campout because that's what I was in
charge of so I got rolls and we decided
to eat here and no one sees cookie hi
bigger than his head look look at this
cookie supposin hold it up frog but
because look it's cookie time
you like that cookie head what's the
best kind of Labor Day Child Labor Day
he loves healthy he's not helping that
you see and feel
why are you doing no look at you you're
gonna stretch your daddy's shoes out
even though I think you look hilarious I
think you should take them off okay yeah
yeah my one legged boy you're such a
cute one-legged boy if I ever did have a
one-legged boy you are the cutest I was
gonna run a half marathon with him but I
just didn't train I didn't train hard
enough I can get two maybe four miles
right now so I'm not quite ready for a
half hour yet but I'm still working up
to that
but I'm excited for him oh you have two
legs now you are my two legged baby boy
I love you okay who remembers this
horrible contraption from last year I'm
surprised it's still here honey oh it's
annoying this is the most annoying rider
oh yes video oh my gosh I'm cutting all
of that out that was annoying that
sounds like a fake laugh having a good
time oh I want to put a GoPro inside
there you guys want to stop oh my gosh
put inside like slow motion
do you like slow motion you can see the
face like the face all right you guys
we're going in the cage of death
purchase card is going to film for us
ready here grab it you guys hold it on
yourself and her ready okay gonna be
hard
all right new contestants in the will of
death we have Lexie and Gavin keep your
hands in there dude you don't get them
ripped off keep them on the middle thing
likes to have a good time no Lexie my
teen home fun hey hello oh there she
goes
what are you doing young man ah do you
think you're super mad or something
what's going on over here
Oh Superman I love you I want to see a
pretty girl and a baby go down a slide
if you want to see a pretty baby and a
girl go down a slide shut up of what
raise your hand a pretty baby and a cute
girl yeah my stop mom those sandals
coming in hand amazing hey I love you
like what was that horrible I want to do
it again all right I gotta go push rock
hard I'm gonna push you so high you
ready
you're gonna go flying over the fence
that's how high you're gonna go okay are
you ready yes on the count of three
uno dos three go
okay you just wait I'm getting warmed up
I'm gonna push you as high as they can
que la that's pretty high Sal high one
more I'm gonna give you a big push hold
on tight ha ha oh that's high
you're gonna go upside down Ringo upside
down crazy man Callie you're ready to go
on the zipline you nervous
all right here goes Callie three times
Colette is next she's scared there goes
Callie
nice alright my wife he was nervous he
was nervous too nervous
Colette does not want to do this right
now maybe I give your mom strength
motivate her blog here vlog this are you
going to the point he's so scared she
did not do it last year and we've got
look we let her get away with it but not
this year she's going on the plane
she wants a plane talk to me talk to me
I know how you feel they scared you guys
listen let me just go up in film okay I
promise I will not go I want to film her
without you like that picture that's
rock tart Instagram picture I'm about to
post it it's gonna go online
oh that butt looks so shaky you guys see
that shaky but that's shaking no I'm
going to pair the phone huh listen Ramon
has to have me to support her shaky but
you guys I gotta go next you guys trust
me go let's hear it they're cheering for
you bed picture you ready you ready big
push he's so scared she's terrified she
hates this she's holding on so tight oh
she's a beautiful princess I love her
look at her good job babe who remembers
why she didn't do the zipline last year
close pregnant last year with the baby
that's why she could do the zipline but
now that I didn't get her pregnant now
she knew the zipline Rock I'm gonna go
with you okay I mean you'll go together
hey Brock
are you nervous meanwhile the rubber
band game is going to give somebody
stitches eventually we do these guys
nice job
I think okay good idea okay princess
starts going to take the camera with her
and then she'll fill in when me and
Brock come down okay
you turn on you and wrap your arm like
but yeah okay you got it
all right here she goes have fun regards
Umbraco but to do it ready see that was
crazy
what is going on here is this an intense
volleyball game that I see Oh get her
over dude we got a great volley Oh swing
and a Miss swing and a Miss you playing
volleyball bin yeah okay I'm in the
cameraman I'm here for ESPN hi I'm here
for yes pan nice to meet you you ready
here we go playing volleyball
dobrik wait you can't fault
that's tennis that's tennis all right
service Bryce Oh Brett I'ma be on your
guys team you guys need help
babe I'll be on their team they got
Bryce he has big muscles get that one
debris what was that crab you should've
dough for that get dirty getting sand oh
no it's my husband by four okay
I gotta put the camera why you guys it's
getting serious real service we're six
okay okay
it's kidding serious all right man you
think you're ready for this yes okay
tell me what you're doing what are you
doing
what are you gonna do huh shark tooth
necklace what do you got to do say it's
the zipline Samedi zip oh you got cotton
candy okay go catch him okay okay dude
you ready okay get on there get your leg
over there
it's really cat okay you got you got it
yes okay hold on very tight put your
feet together
cross your legs cross your legs like
this okay
tight okay pull them tight like that
okay ready here we go all by himself
hold on tight
there he goes my little boy hold on
tight so cute
nice nice job first time then it gets a
cotton candy
lucky guy look at my boys was that fun
okay bring it to Daddy good job thank
you
are you ready you ready for some extreme
ziplining by McCadden it's pretty
intense already let's see it hold on
tight man don't look too crazy Oh
backflip almost nice and then we spent a
very lovely Labor Day weekend camping
out with collects family and played
games we stayed in my parent's trailer
they let us let us borrow it and it was
awesome back to school a Monday though
no wait it's Labor Day don't say it's
Monday oh okay right yeah back to school
tomorrow
Tuesday today feels like it is Monday
today's Monday it's Labor Day though
happy Labor Day watch yesterday's vlog
which was Friday's I feel like you know
I feel about one two three four five Hey
also announcement shaycarl backpacks are
live they're a little bit more pricey
that I would like them to be but I am
gonna vouch for the quality I told
roadie or maker shop that I wanted very
good quality backpacks I've been wearing
this would they give me a sample
backpack I'm wearing it for three days
and I love it so you want to get a
backpack shaycarl backpack so there is
only a limited amount like we only have
a certain amount ordered so if you want
some Leakesville okay let you guys see
tomorrow bye oh wait wait wait wait new
podcast brand new podcast you guys if
you haven't seen the first one we put up
that's live we just put up a brand new
one so go check out the wind the kids go
to sleep channel if you want to see a
brand new podcast KCAL bye love you bye
