hi I'm login here brah where are you off
with my job like just that I'm missing
my Mexican compadre comrade my comrade
oh you'd be so proud ruff-ruff love and
he has the biggest smile ruff can I
touch any of these buttons are off which
ones can I touch so I push all these
Blake Roth is applauding me right now
I'm hoping you need to keep your faces
out of the Sun so breeding yeah I can
put yeah that's casual - are you be able
to hear if the wind is catching it um it
may a little coil see we're doing the
podcast guys look who's here
yeah yeah it's Candace and the baby are
you put the sign behind us okay we got C
stands in Idaho babe crazy did you know
they have C stands in Idaho and sand box
professional do we need rainbow acres
and we're maker studios all over again
uh check it out in alright we just shot
two episodes of the podcast which is
insane to me babe remember the first
time we came to look at this property
that was back Thanksgiving yeah we have
it when we first saw this I was like I
was like no we're not ready to move back
tight oh I'm not ready I'm ready
but Shay saw this and he was like a look
at it Mabel's to school look at it and
we came and looked at I took one look
girls it's amazing and just to think
that we just shot a podcast right there
that's crazy we got this cement pad laid
this used to be all grass and like
bushes and stuff but we got a patio or
block a hang on we could say we put a
basketball hoop out here dude you could
put a hot tub you look for a hot tub out
her cheek bunk - I won't say no to that
right anyways we just podcasted it up it
was gorgeous Magne a hot tub bronzed
winter oh yeah let's do the podcast in
the hot tub in the wintertime it's
snowing
Oh bikini podcast bikini podcast
sub-caste titty tub cast yeah nope we'll
cut that out
anyways alright Blake hey guys the other
day Princess hard was calling the UPS
box the UPS box so I said call up
shipping for all your your shipping
needs anyways our UPS guy his wife
watches our videos oh yeah big fan so
you definitely know I realize women I
watch them occasionally do I keep up
okay don't come to our house at like
late at night or anything in your UPS
day yeah Lisa as I trace them no that's
my mother-in-law my Aziz my wife is Jen
hi Jen
thanks for watching everybody else we
got our lights okay baby TARDIS informed
me that she's doing the ice bucket
challenge so let's go find out what this
is all about what a challenge
trying to grab it but just pushing it
away Oh
did you hear me you're a little army
crawler hey Dustin I love you I think
you get that you worked so hard for it
yeah good job honey
hmm watching my babies grow up high so
fun each new can I do oh yeah you can't
have this yet oh ah I know he's our
favorite we need some music I just
charged it will keep what do you guys
think and keep ear cuff so it can make
like I keep it in a car yeah
wait I want to know this trip well I
should pay to cut it echoes oh the
toilet water the kind of a very bad idea
oh yes oh please don't please don't so
can I guess oh yeah there's it so use
all my battery please well this is what
I made for dinner tonight some toilet
inners sometimes they turn out better
than others tonight was one of those a
nights you know kind of turned out a
little bit dry and not as flavorful as
usual but you know what if she's got a
he win Samuel Insull une song ha ha ha
that's why I'm filling today I'm super
tired
this school schedule is starting to get
to me waking up super early and I'm not
going to bed until you know 10 I'd like
I get the kids to bed but then I still
want to stay up and do my stuff so I get
to bed kind of late last night was super
late but but um hey you gotta get back
in the swing of things you gotta have a
good attitude
I just gotta do it look even if you say
stuff like Luna what wake up go ahead my
throne in my suburban is in the driveway
with a bunch of other trucks and
trailers empty pass him there they're
here hold on wait wait 1500 your cement
or Oh what all right let's go
Colette sisters here our nail Fred oh
I'm gonna bite your butt
I'll bite your bus you're fast okay
we're having a moment here here ours
they played with these when they were
little we girls how old were you Barbies
I remember being this top assistant this
tall and you guys play together as
sisters and then that's why there's four
here please water we didn't have this
before yes silly you didn't break things
up anyway so the girls have this in
their room no and they were just like
having the walk down memory lane she
also used to pretend like these were fun
effects for our bears would you sleep in
them I built that your dad built that
for you do you remember any good ones
but he knows a lot of things for us you
build that bunk bed he built those he
did this is cool it has like a heart
yeah I know the windows so much yeah
what does he doesn't love you guys Oh
what the hell that sucks
fix it call your dad tell them it's a
stupid piece of crap
Hortis all right you're the barstool
vortex to space stuff aren't all
brothers
do that so cool that's magical room we
use in our flashlights to shine others
Jennifer David I want you to swing from
the shed yeah you should do a cover of
it swinging from nope that's not it I
don't know that new song we're playing
spice Shia no no looks like for you oh
oh you have really you should that song
another fan from the chandelier from the
chandelier in a world of pure
imagination
it is Friday congratulations you have oh
you have two days to not have
responsibilities I hope you enjoy them
relaxing hopefully watching lots of
Shaytards vlogs also brand new podcast
is live the podcast is back when the
kids go to sleep wtk GTS is back baby
and I'm excited I'm really excited to
start doing the podcast again we're
gonna be doing at least twice a week
we're hoping to upload Wednesdays and
Fridays we'll shoot them on Mondays so
if you guys have questions be sure to be
ready for us on Mondays to ask us
questions for the podcast and we will be
doing two of those week if you have not
subscribed to our podcast YouTube
channel you can links below youtube.com
slash when the kids go to sleep but we
all know it's a lie because the kids are
at school because obviously we shot that
the daytime so the acronym wtk GTS could
stand for when the kids go to school or
when the kids go to get snow cones we
haven't decided yet but right now it's
just cute that that's when the kids go
to sleep like what do mommy and daddy do
and the kids go to sleep who it's
supposed to sound like all like what is
this about or to click on it and then
hopefully we trap you and you love us
and you watch our family forever ha ha
ha happy Halloween what I was thinking
there's a whole
today this weekend I should wish people
happy that holiday but it's not
Halloween it's Labor Day weekend so some
of you actually have a three-day weekend
three days of no responsibilities fun
and throwing water balloons at your
faces of your friends and family all
right we love you we're gonna go to
Collette's parents house like we do
every Labor Day and hang out and have a
little campout so we'll see you guys on
Monday
okay give me kiss gimme kiss watch the
podcast it's live right now brand-new
podcast click on that idaho button fill
in lucky brand new podcast is up right
now love you give me kiss
see you on Monday bye
