ladies and gentlemen may I present to
you princess hard parkour you guys you
guys you guys you guys you guys we have
very very exciting news except for this
news came like two days too late because
we had the first day of school already
but look I'm gonna see cuz the kids are
school right now but these just came in
the mail from maker shop shaycarl
backpack you wanna say what third day
school third day school everyone's cool
with your shaycarl backpack on the third
day of school let's show that baby off
turnaround so sweet you guys these are
gonna be available for pre-order very
soon I have my computer in it right now
I'll show it to you later I'm very
excited about him shaycarl backpacks it
makes me so excited it's embroidered
right here anyways class go to the
dentist appointment she has to get a
bunch of shots I have to get lots of
things in my mouth yeah you should start
getting more toothbrushes in your mouth
so you don't have hi it's not that I
brush more than he does and I floss more
than he does and I get more cavities
it's not fair there must be like a sugar
intake problem no it's a genetic you eat
plenty of sure I don't matter as much as
woman okay have fun getting your shots
give you too much sugar think about that
when you're on the dental chair I'm
walking away this year but I'm looking
you're but when you walk away I love you
have a good dentist appointment all
right I got these two yahoos why are you
guys gonna behave for me yeah okay good
Sexton we behave hey you good boy yeah
that'll be a thank you okay yeah I will
be I love you I'll just teasin I hope
you have a great dentist appointment
she'll see me well call me have your
phone ready call me
got my garlic violet back ladies and
gentlemen may I present to you princess
hard parkour dun dun dun holy crap
that's a giant hole Wow so this is where
the trampoline is going to be I'm gonna
put the trampoline down on that so you
can have your trampoline like flat
that's a big hole go down there's deke
go down there's eco gear okay if I come
down there he'll go down there go down
there go Gator Z go Gator go here go
gear go gear go here come on over you
let's go get her go get her
trying to find a shallower way Gators D
okay well I've checked the entire
perimeter and this looks to be the
easiest way through
good job Zeke you did it you did at
Bronx can go down there can you go in a
big hole what why is it a big hole so
fun Oh somebody's stuck he's dug pick
him on the side that was funny little
too steep um buddy you gotta jump high
that was Oh Oh did it I would say it's
so windy up here Blake got these like
microphone covers we're gonna put on
these hopefully like help with the wind
I gotta go to Blake's house to get a
setup anyways revving fun in a giant
hole stand-off backyard all right
princess card has another presentation
let's see this
Oh take two all right
producer has another presentation cat
girl Wow Jenna nananana
Zeke's like dude that's awesome man
you're so athletic see you do not need
technology to have fun a hole in the
ground can be a good time to a kid on a
farm that's why we moved back to Idaho
so that we can play in giant holes yeah
I'm sure your mom loves that you just
your brand-new white shoes you got for
school but mom's watching this video
with a giant smile on her face right now
Shay seriously cut this part out are
those brand new did you buy those for
you for school okay as we wind the rocks
be running through mud the holes in your
brand-new white shoes
okay do it one more time but I want you
did it better the first time come on I
want you to be right up that wall pop up
that wall ready gage stop throwing giant
dirt clods for a second cat girls going
three two one action
check her out miss summers new
blockbuster itself
Wow Wow honey do the lovable goes-- uh
it's a beautiful day I finally stopped
raining
ladies gentlemen I have just been no no
no no no no no Batman hey give that wall
Batman come on get up yeah yeah gal
woman up a little bit alright and we're
dry in sup millets check out princess
are jumping to me hey gage yeah keep the
camera right on her
okay give it to me right here okay gage
keep it right on her fly to me harsh Ken
go oh nice yeah he got it that was a
sweet shot nice shot dude
cinematographer gage Butler nice
shooting Tex
all right we're playing in a hole in the
ground in Idaho having the time of our
lives we don't even need a trampoline
okay listen listen listen
see if you can jump across the entire
hole try it you're gonna need a big jump
go don't kill yourself Oh shouldn't make
it didn't make it hey mama
mama is not afraid of the dogs anymore
she just lays her she's like I don't
care I know they're too dumb
mama kitty I'm on the Qt how you doing
oh you're beautiful just hanging out in
this sunny day mama and baby you're
still Gavin's shirt Am I she said that
maybe the cat would say hey that's my
husband Ike Evans shirt oh hey you know
what I want to clear something up about
the cats these cats are actually like
rescue cats so I know a lot of people
were saying it was irresponsible that we
left him out here we fed them every day
it is you know the wild they were going
to those cats were like the people that
hadn't we're going to get rid of them
the ladies like if I can't get rid of
these cats I'm going to have to like
take them to the shelter and then
probably just kill them so my mom took
the whole litter so we gave them a
chance at life you know two of them
survived they're still here hanging out
with us we feed them stolen but they
just gonna watch out we live in the wild
do you think that was mean of us to not
watch those kitties careful more careful
I think some people are just mad because
they love kitties and they're sad circle
of life
oh look what we have Mama's in oh hey
mom
let mrs. snuggles hi mrs. snuggles all
right here's your next goal try to run
up that without using your hands like
put your hands over your head put your
hands over your head like behind your
hand like this like interlock your
fingers behind your head see nice and he
jumps and he jumps up and he wins and
now he's going even more so what's your
Superman super shape or Coral
super shake parkour Coral look it up on
YouTube no never mind don't look it up
on YouTube hi sorry you had to wait hey
what's your face smiler I'm not attract
up because I started taking the gas and
I got freaked out you did why I was like
oh it sort of made me feel too weird do
you get that like oh I like it when I
just relax but then it was like huh what
am i doing right now am i moving I am oh
I don't know I started to like freak out
yeah I love that I'm like turn up the
gas I hate it the first time I like me
floating around or not when I'm getting
my dental work done I like to be
floating around the room like in the
corners of the room and stuff wait come
on let me see your face is so funny your
heads
I buy the phone with my mom mom you're
the blood and pledge cracking up so hard
she's been laughing for like four
minutes straight she thinks it's so
funny okay now is that better the
Phantom of the Opera is that I said
Quasimodo fuzzy no no mom mom say hi do
you want to say something to the vlogs
what tell him what we're talking about
mom um god I'm not it I said no to the
nitrous : to go to Dennis like every day
she said no to the Nitro Circus travis
pastrana call that she said no I said no
mom tell mo we're doing this Saturday I
got the round and we need for driving
tonight oh yes let's do that
I'm know I'm gonna ride my bike I'll go
ride my bike on the route okay yeah well
film it you're coming yeah let's find
some spots okay that's a good idea
okay I love you I'll call you later okay
hold on I'll talk to y'all say goodbye
to you guys you guys I gotta go talk to
my Bonnie Kay I'm running a half
marathon with my sister this Saturday
13.2 miles is gonna be awesome looking
point one the Phantom of the Opera he's
here okay
pilot if we're having a discrepancy guy
is that a thing what's a discrepancy I
don't know I don't Lou fizz sit down
look look is it still there or am i
smiling right I like these clothes I'm
speaking my skull actually really
likewise I want to tell these guys
something
what see this this face you've got to
love being beard what about love what
you do not love this man with you and
everything is attached to you is just
loveable include enough early classes do
you like him I like him you know you'd
get to me I'm the most important cooler
let's go down the waterfall come on
drive down to the waterfall
I'm gonna go look at waterfall you guys
want to see the update of the waterfall
drive down babe drive down because we're
gonna go look at the waterfall and it's
almost up it's getting very close I
can't wait to show you guys the finished
product it's gonna be swimming on uppers
word this is not safe
do not do this we're not driving I'm not
driving and vlogging Colette's just
driving post I'm just holding onto the
side of the suburban comment yeah okay
let's check it out Rito be honest did
you like those snacks yesterday oh man I
love them and did you eat the whole box
heck yeah me and him dude you guys did
they're delicious yeah alright we show
them want some more the updated version
what do you think guys Rito give me a
Grand Tour man explain it to me what's
going on you any words for it do you
want to your rap now you almost did
yesterday you almost busted it out it
looks good man babe do you like it so
this gonna be like two Falls coming down
right here
let me drop and you see those flat rocks
that Tyson he's a minister
you guys are also you are also artists
no here's a great job alright looking
good man I can't wait we're gonna swim
on that thing
we should just put the hot tub down here
man babe we put the hot tub in the
bottom we don't wants to put the hot tub
in the bottom we'd all ask okay dude
hold on dude no burrito oh it is on top
of the house zip lines on top of the
house I told you that I sent you that
email all right looking good looking
good guys there's our boy how cute you
appear very first canvas I don't know
there's my baby ball hmm Oh cutie pan
just to join the game I like having a
football player it's fun but I'm glad
that he's one of the bigger ones because
then he tackles instead of getting hurt
that makes me scared but he's doing a
good job I'm having growing pain you are
for Rho where does that hurt just like
it's like what what does it feel like if
there's like 100 physical are squeezing
my leg
really yes did you forget that yeah lay
on the floor and put your hands above
your head and and write the alphabet
with your feet so you're stretching out
the muscles are growing muscles
seriously lay down put your feet up in
the air get above your head
seriously Carly knows what she's talking
about come on what if you're going they
gotta look like this it looks oh there's
a shoe down right a 50c letter Steve hey
come on Rocky
yeah it's like this looks funny drunken
letters hey guys try this oh um if you
need to stretch out Oh key are they
feeling any better
oh yeah Carly knows what she's talking
about
Oh mom what if you're gonna be taller
than me and me a long long way what do I
have a tall guy that would be super cool
I mean I'm shorty and I'm already gonna
have a tall son he's alright he's almost
to talk to me it's not fair alright
let's eat our tacos you weirdo okay
lucky yeah hey how did you go to a
scrimmage tonight
hey what yeah you did a really great job
for proud high five worked hard
watch out this game he's gonna be on
fire yeah football players on fire yeah
you have to sing that when you're out
okay this boys I'm sorry man
yeah kiss Attila it is chicken
quesadilla that's actually for the baby
I cut it up feeding it any logic well as
long as he doesn't choke that I'm a good
mom so this is some cool information
that centaur failed to tell us they had
a housing ceremony to Kirsty tell us and
what what's class for you Slytherin Oh
our sons in Slytherin honey it's a gift
to us gifted wizard maybe I could talk
to swim so how did you guys do it how
did you do the ceremony well there was a
hat like oh yeah
what kind of devil worshipping stuff
they letting our killer in the spin is
what good house we are and then we go
back to it really was our talking hat
read
so you're reading the Harry Potter books
no huh nice yeah cuz like my teacher I
pray let's pray what my teacher is like
the president of
on a fan club you sure she is you just
say that well she propped if there's a
fan club she probably would
is there any Harry Potter fan clubs I
don't think there is maybe we should
start one no I don't think there is
let's start with kidding me there's like
the biggest fan clubs in the world
alright time to pray and eat lettuce hey
are you coming in the bathroom she
called yeah he's close we had a crawler
today got the arm is goat legs movin you
can do it better on the tile haveá--
yeah do you want my backpack it's so
sweet you like a Gavin come here okay
would you wear this someone's excited
for you they don't look at you you're
getting so big I am proud of you but
scooting can I dare you you have to help
me make a design option dab okay do you
like this one see that S logo ain't that
nice yeah or do you like this one
ooh that's pretty too check it out it's
blue red yellow or this is just a little
bit more Filipa more edition edition
would you put which one would you wear
it out here this one that's me fishes
like this one put on dad let's see where
brother are we going to go over sweating
through the hills no you're gonna go to
your first day of school
no this is my like hey I'm excited about
these you guys are gonna be coming out
soon shake are ya just get on Hey okay
can put one of those hey Timmy you ready
go to a tower
let's go hopefully Janus that new cute
girl will say hi to me today
come on buddy I actually think her
name's Laurie hey Laurie Timmy I guess I
got Janice my backpack weird light we
answers like killed her and cut her up
into my gosh bad oh my thought is
enviable Darla
oh my god camera I'm the Garda back
tonight everybody move 20 minutes of a
shaped hard vlog who says I don't love
you who says I don't love you I love you
I love you faces click on yesterday's
vlog they don't have you look good the
Ostrogoths do what did you move as
easily darling God good
tell me about
