hi I'm login here okay Sam we can read
it for school guess who's our new awake
boom excited first day school first day
school everybody's cool on first day
school first day school whoa I'm in your
room that's not a first day of school
room morning are you ready to win you
got ready if it's a contest for sleeping
I am it's not time to do your reading
riting and rithmetic let's go it's time
to wake up I'm going back to bed
how is your first day you're so cute
you're beaming with smiles I can't wait
to hear all about it
was there anything really exciting that
happened yeah our just the whole day
what
melody are you alright the Bell hasn't
officially run yet so we're still
waiting on the older kids but she's
gonna tell us her exciting date that's
about what's your exciting thing that
happened today well we have snacker
classroom you do yeah I want to come to
your class
do you have an MJ stuff yeah well yeah
we're supposed to bring one okay first
day of school was everybody cool on the
first day of school yeah yeah hello
today we are building look the waterfall
is coming along this stuff is called
pond liner it's basically just like
thick thick plastic like a giant tarp so
that the water can come down the
waterfall and not sink in the water I
mean in the ground you don't want the
water sinking into the ground because
then you don't have a waterfall that's
where our waterfall is going to be do
you think it's gonna be so cool do you
want to go climb on it you gonna be able
to go climb on it yeah big rock right
there you go climb on top of that rock
would that be sweet that would be fun
huh how is first day of school
that's baby yeah yeah baby tell me about
it
come on hear all about it they have way
better lunches in California oh really
really oh fish sticks are so much better
what do you think first day of school
did you like it yeah any cute girls in
the class really what two of them watch
your videos what are their names
don't tell hi girls who watch our videos
one of their names is Bailey oh hey
Bailey
however we are bravely engage yeah
who are they you liar no Kaley picked
him out the window
okay so Emmy Emmy tell me about it
good good good and guess what we have to
have snack in the class and then first
snack
we had Smarties and fruit snacks
Oh Oh all right a motorcycle okay me and
Brock go on a motorcycle so you guys
like school yes good soccer you played
soccer
no I recess and you were good nice what
you guys do at recess you don't play
with me and my other friends us each
other recess different types okay
you guys see each other like at the
lunchroom yeah you dad did you say how
you check each other yeah that makes
good each other you did you guys had
e-text each other you did what's your
friend's name
treyton is oh cool cool exciting first
day of school information hey one thing
about the the waterfall the cool thing
is is this smells like rubber big-time
so it's like brand-new shoes hey smell
that rubber yeah so that's where all the
pipe the filters were going
you guys do you know who that is right
there boys that was a different way to
do it
take toys soon that's gonna be a
waterfall right yeah
that cool and see a big rock right there
in the middle I put it there with that
thing do you believe it
Casey taught me how to Tyson tell him
tell him I did it yeah Tyson doesn't lie
when it comes to moving rocks Tyson does
not tell a fib so this is where all the
greats go because the pumps go inside
there and then the water goes inside the
pumps and then the pump pump it back
into the hose all the way to the top of
the waterfall and then it just
recirculate we have to put this pond
liner down I'm gonna roll it down the
middle there's all Casey and Tyson no
that's cool well what do you guys you
guys found a toy there huh lay your big
tube get envy
let them go what is that what you guys
gonna do with that
hey come get dinner let me see yeah hey
hi how's it going dude why I love you
what happens our sounds squished
together everywhere so you can hear that
what happens I mean I just made that up
for five seconds sounds like some pure
science to me yeah kick it dude kick it
alright the waterfalls coming together
it's not easy
Tyson's getting pissed you guys don't
talk to Tyson he's gonna talk right now
look at that though this is sweet trying
to get all these boulders into place one
thing I've learned about today moving
boulders it's not easy even with big
machinery you got to get it just right
alright you guys it's time for naturebox
again and I was trying to think how
could I do
naturebox differently this time and I
think I found two candidates and I want
to go feed this naturebox too and see
how they react to it
hey Rito tell redouble c'mere Rito come
here yes so I have this nature box and I
need to give a Shi box away these guys
that work with Tyson I've been helping
them build the waterfall over you can
read oh you wanna be my YouTube video
you want to be my YouTube video come
here dude dude you want a wrap come here
John a wrap
come here dude I'll give you it right
now listen I got snacks come easy I got
snacks
come look at this dude come eat these
tell me if you like them they're good
dude come trying Tyson you want some
eat some of these right Randy's laughing
with that eat that
come eat these come try some of these
dude I got free food I got free what do
you why you scared Rito creature sounds
nervous man
mm I've ever seen I'm not even your
stupid hoodie Logan Utah eat some of
those tell me what you think all your
real impression Tyson eat those I want
to see you think they like them
Tyson's of the tastiest I said you love
we don't eat some of them dude way being
so picky about the snacks bro just eat
them dig in there bro huh what do you
think then they're good you like them
yeah here take these what these I'll
take the whole box ooh you want them you
can have them dude eat some more
Kayla it's healthy man do you like it it
tastes good put the whole fucking movie
take it
nature box called nature box it's hell
I'll be here y'all tonight yeah I'm cool
dude bust to be for me real quick huh
Buster Ryan let me hear it let me see
where one of those South Pacific
plantains huh you like those those like
potato chips for they're healthy huh
nope okay let's hear adieu Doritos give
me a beef I'm gonna right now mine come
on dude you said you want to be a rapper
I am dude you got to be able to buy I
got I can go and get nothing at this oh
oh you read oh you just missed out on
your boobies excellent run yo come here
dude what come free shout out of beat
man I can
come on and you want to make it big time
mr. chance Wow nothing
nothing oh yeah it manuals all right the
ethos nature boxes all right good for
you
oh no I did hey thanks for helping me
today we'll wrap for you tomorrow meet
me and Reno moved rocks together today
yeah we didn't get hurt as a team we did
we worked as a team all right eat those
naturebox snacks and if you want to get
your own for 50% off
check out nature box Commons you know
you can go there shower works no I don't
think works Oh am i that one might work
yeah yeah good shower in there what do
you guys need for dinner huh I don't
know naturebox yeah you guys going down
right now
yeah all right see man referee tomorrow
okay I better get a percentage outside
YouTube he'll get a percentage all right
man look at my apartments a long time
ago new bad view she was kind of slow
Sookie yes where you know you can't
swear on the shaders I can't swear on
YouTube Reno you got to take all the
swear words out can you do it without
swearing do Doritos funny we were
seriously meaning moving rocks together
for like two hours today
like just lifting these giant rocks up
it was crazy so here's how far we got on
the waterfall today it may not look like
much but me and reto put all those rocks
in see all these like I helped with that
big one in the me and reto like I'm
gonna stacked all those Tyson built all
these walls and dug this hole and filled
this thing it's gonna be so cool we were
going to do a time-lapse on this but
those too late doesn't look cool I love
it
building stuff with your hands it's fun
rah rah oh my goodness seriously he's
talking right when I pulled the growl no
no no time big boy
rut room you conquered the weed he did
it oh my gosh that's ridiculous
all right so the first day of school I
don't know if the older kids learned
anything but um son tart no wait what's
your name huh bro tard did nobody just
daddy mama mama when he does this hat
makes he wants to help her he was so I
loving him and he reached out to a bee
buzz yeah hey yeah
and then when I and then she picked him
up and he was real excited was hi it was
really cute so smart maybe it was a flu
but maybe he's just a genius baby I
don't know what do you guys think I
think you the genius James
so today grandma is actually making them
lasagna and corn corn for our first day
at school dinner and we got lasagna in
here cooking it's gonna be awesome I
love food what I'm a weirdo okay I gotta
fill the truck up I have got to give
props to naturebox though because you
guys remember last time when I did the
naturebox
brand deal and Princess hard dropped the
pineapple on the floor and I'm like how
could you drop a pineapple
well naturebox like in like four days
after that sent me in a box all of
pineapple like six bags of those ringed
pineapples if you guys have gotten a
nature boxes with the pineapple in them
they sent me a whole box of bags of
pineapple and I just ate it all I just
devoured it
didn't share with anybody I think I gave
a few to print this hard but anyways
that was sweet
naturebox whoever did that I see you
that was smart
thank you it was delicious I chopped
them all down hmm
you just love riding in the back of
Daddy's truck yes he does he does
alright headed home for dinner check it
out check it out check it out am I gonna
get there before the real greeting
little brother big brother Oh ran all
the way there with no hug
where's the hug he really looks up to
his big brother though Oh
gonna get a hug from his sister big
tough football brother oh that's
adorable other little sister
Oh Juke Durr uh she okay
oh she's gonna get him he's gonna get
him oh you're right
you're aggressive do you hurt your hand
hurt your hand
how's practice good nice I love you
anyway
wow that was an aggressive hand high
five hurry somebody bring their face
over here it's the golden hour
yes face over here nope pretty yellow to
call them golden hour with gold golden
baby well so you think you're gonna have
a good fourth grade first you hate some
friends today look at that guy's no
pretty how's football tiring what is
good first game this Saturday you ready
you're such a charming team and the
school year has begun I'm excited to see
all the my kids learn and just watch
them grow over the next year I'm so glad
that we have these videos it's gonna be
cool watching them grow up over the
years love you guys I know you enjoyed
it as well it's fun living in front of
you it's a little it's a weird thing
that we got going here I mean let's be
honest right you guys are like watching
us live it's not weird I don't know I'm
so used to it now is it weird it's fun I
guess you're having a good time you
think after five six years you'd think
about this well whatever this crazy
thing is we have loved every step of the
way and it's just cool to be able to
look back on it love you guys if you've
been watching for one day or for all six
years we appreciate you being here and
supporting us cuz I got on those videos
can click on the screen just click click
right on it if you're on a mobile device
you cannot click on the screen so you
have to go to the video description
below do you understand how that works
ok lavish a tomorrow back
