hi I'm vlogging here
and then it got really SuperDuper loud
and I don't want to blow your eardrums
out so you're welcome but look at that
man cut granite I love it no if you ask
me I could sit and watch somebody cut
granite all day long I mean this is
stone that has been sitting in the
mountains for thousands of years it's
beautiful all right so here I am with my
granite guy this is Willie he is quite
the man look at him he let me cut this
one he let me cut this line no wait I
cut this laughs where's the crooked one
I cut that line is what I used to do for
a living man so Willie also it's kind of
like following my same path doing
granite and video production he has a
heli video right now where's it at they
can go check it out its own world hilly
challenge calm okay and you get on there
look for Willie Rickon scroll down vote
for me and check out my video guys a
bunch on I'll put a link
Helly challenge what's it yet world
hilly challenge not world you guys if my
granite guy doesn't win the world he'll
eat challenge calm slash whatever he
better win to get this video contest you
guys you better go vote for him I'll put
a link below hmm and if he doesn't win
he to do a crappy job on my sinks no
I'll do a good job regardless or else
I'll punch him in his testicles
all right go vote for Willie yeah right
guys you don't see you
magical stone
but one of our chandeliers is here we
got a chandelier it is like it that's so
crazy
the smell that's what it smells like
the feel so cool it's loud that's a
diamond blade you have to use a diamond
blade to cut through the granite anyways
go I will leave a link below you guys go
vote for my granite guy so we can win
the heli challenge contest this is why I
don't want to walk out of Casey's house
because that's why dragon the dragon in
my dungeon get my foot dragon okay
ah you get those installed yet
dude that that's probably 800 feet down
how far down is it wow these are 600
feet tall 808 feet they're supposed to
be look like rock inside but I think
it's like ham oh gosh like Emily's like
dude that's like that's like operation
original George Bush camo Desert Storm
yeah derp worse that's her like finish
the George Bush yeah I couldn't think of
the term Operation Desert Storm camo
alright you quiet
Kaley surprises the babysitting come in
we have a meeting dude your shoes are so
muddy ooh yeah props you pull them up
pull Timmy from the whale Lassie
oh you saved him Oh avalanche Casey's
putting in new rain gutters and he's had
a dug dig man those are giant holes they
look good they look good downstairs dude
Tyson's up here today planting trees to
books Bruno boo I look there's a giant
hole over there - Casey's gonna bury us
trampoline doing work he's just out here
doing work alright we ready
Oh strapping them up locking them and
load and um what do you got in here
markers you got yours son tard
how many glutes six do you need 112 112
steno notebooks
how many steno notebooks you rocket is
this yours
these are the ones we're giving away oh
you're 11 you're donating these yeah is
this in a video somewhere cry not say no
you can't even talk about it we didn't
finish packing in that day that we
started this is a they're donating knees
these are how many bags are you donating
I'm donating to six backpacks full of
stuff sweet guys
so is it up right now when is it gonna
be up the video on the kitty light
channel it's pretty cool cool taking
them tomorrow headphones oh wait what
fifth graders get headphones that's
alright fifth graders gonna do next year
he gets a headphone that's weird what do
you use headphones for to spell stuff
excited hey you guys got to get to bed
it's almost it's getting close to nine
o'clock hey you ready for first grade
bro you're out of the kinder leagues
you're a real school kid now first grade
you ready you're beautiful I love you
okay you're back ready somebody gave
this to us have vloggerfair guys check
this out Shay and Colette Butler
established isn't that sweet
somebody gave us that that's sweet I
love it okay get ready for school
looking like a fool on your first day of
school after and then you're gonna go to
preschool pretty soon
hey Macklemore you're so handsome I love
you I like your haircut what's the
matter buddy he's grumpy he's tired and
then the Shaytards slept but because
daddy Todd had not gotten enough footage
from the day before then he had to film
and use the footage to use that next day
I will drink your milkshake
why am I talking like Daniel day-lewis
I'm not I don't know okay yeah I didn't
get enough footage so you just want to
see my kids go to their first day of
school here they go oh strap that
backpack on ladies getting out of the
car and the first day of school
dang some beautiful girls if I was a
fourth-grade boy I'd be like you're
lucky
lucky hey first great girl how come your
hair looks so beautiful because none get
you oh I see mom knows how to do your
hair beautiful you guys are just
gorgeous yeah let's see your hair turn
around dude you're not going to school
today but you're gonna start to go to
preschool at Tatiana okay cool with that
all right fifth grader hey you're the
oldest kid in the school you'll need to
take no crap from nobody I'm just saying
he's the oldest grade fifth graders
fifth graders rule this school all right
don't anybody tell you anywhere any
different okay unless the teacher asked
you to do something then you spy listen
are we done eating these cool okay here
we go can we drop this one off what
think about the day we can drop all five
of them on uh-huh he's like no mom I'll
miss you guys I like hanging out he
needs his mama still huh all right here
we go very first day of school nervous
guys I hope everybody likes me hmm
I wish I could go in the kid's body and
like see what they see and hear what
they see and react for them I said I
want to do like a hidden-camera video or
I put it on the front of them and then
they have like an earpiece so I can talk
to them based on what they see oh you're
so freezing all right let's go a
dinosaur boy all right first day of
school here we go all cousins are on the
first day in school you nervous yeah
where's your lack her husband Casey's in
there oh this is gages class let's go
see Kiki what's up buddy that's not
lucky on TV
all right rainbows shoes you ready to go
get me going I get the people going I
like those a we I ran 11 got some
new ones I'm in them and they did not
let me down and that was not smart to do
don't buy shoes cool rent 11 miles but
we did that and they felt good that's a
good sign if you had 11 miles in him the
first time you ran in him brand-new yeah
I was like I was impressed usually my
hips hurt really bad after long runs my
hips didn't feel anything
my hips girl you know they're just fine
my hip by Jacqueline say yeah we're
going for a run because we have to run
marathons Zeke and Molly are on the
trampoline fighting what are you doing
you're not allowed to play on the
trampoline
get down young man you're gonna put a
hole in it castle I looked out there
both of you are on the trampoline
wrestling okay naughty oh okay we're
going running I love you bye no dude you
guys check out what toys food's doing
Pete get out of there
you get hit explain what's this Casey
the pumpkin shovel that's a shovel how
does that work John okay right right
I kick a dog that's not this can be a
waterfall Tyson's building a waterfall I
love when Tyson built waterfalls
it's an underground reservoir see
put a pawn mandatory cash water in a
couple of rocks you can play lay back on
top so this is the yeah nice that's
gonna be so cool and then wouldn't you
know that young man Tyson was nice
enough to teach me how to use that
backhoe and I got to help them like put
that giant rock into place so I'm pretty
much like a man now so check out my
manliness all right and then the video
ended yeah that's right it's over thanks
for joining us today you don't get any
more footage sorry it's all you gift for
today but you do noon tomorrow you can
have a little more if you like okay
thanks for watching the Shane Todd loves
clicking on yesterday's vlog if you want
to have just like your mind blown oh man
there's such a mystery and behind that
mystery video
you click on that might probably that
last shaycarl video I did uh you know
how it works thanks for watching check
out 1 2 3 4 5 click on the thumbs up
button we love you guys kids are back at
school we're going to pick them up in an
hour so we will hear in tomorrow's vlog
how they fared on their very first day
of school I'm excited for them I think
they are - all right love you guys give
me kiss
