hi I'm logged in here oh I'm very
excited I'm very excited I'm very
excited oh joy what a day what a day
what a day the dinosaur babies here's $1
our baby's here will you do a dinosaur
baby Oh scary dinosaur baby dinosaur
baby I so long oh boy good bite me huh
yes daddy
oh no where did you get that little
outfit he's two motifs I've had it for a
while but you'll see your daddy say hi
daddy I love you yeah I love you today
so we got take pain sorry daddy daddy
daddy she's so precious
I would pay 1 million dollars for him
okay let's go inside and I used to make
some decisions about things come on post
you get once you bring that post yes I
left it in the credit me that does show
maybe you will get the posting come on
Bannister baby I'm gonna eat yourself
what's a dinosaur that eats babies know
how there's like carnivore and herbivore
I'm a baby for dinosaur do you want to
just take a minute and appreciate that
you do okay sounds good
you don't bring your camera oh no
Instagram for you sucka
Zeke's Instagram has been way off lately
hey everybody shaycarl here it's sunday
that clip you just saw was from Friday I
think anyways sunday we just got off
shirt now we're up here in the forest
where we like it and Zeke and I just had
a nice run up the trail and I run up the
trail what I mean is I rode my motorized
vehicle and he has four legs that he
used and he did a good job keep it up
with me I didn't vlog this yesterday I
should have but my mom and my sister
kidnapped me and they took me to get a
pedicure and I had to had had had to get
my nails painted that's a rule if you
get a pedicure they will let you out of
there unless you pay your nails I'll cut
your feet off no I've seen people leave
you know pedicure places with no feet
because I said I didn't paint my
toenails and the lady's like yes you are
and they got a hatchet out and they cut
their feet on suck so that kind of thing
happens in this country but anyway so I
don't want that to happen so I got my
toenails painted and now I'm back in May
on training and my legs are getting
whipped by all these weeds as I come
driving this little motorcycle up here
that excuses you had to run the whole
time huh I got to sit on a motorized
vehicle does that help you get oxygen
does that cool them down right when dogs
pant it cools them down it's like their
way of sweating and no if I ran up that
trail I'd definitely be sweating and
panting anyways we're just up here I'm
gonna go down I'm just on a motorcycle
ride let's go down and talk to the
family K they're just down there hanging
that worked out your family with other
Butler's my brother brother Casey
brother he's brother Butler into the
church but he's also my brother brother
Casey Butler let's go see him okay okay
here we go
lager fights yeah they're out tell me
about it what you guys fighting right
now
not fighting I was just I was just
saying that I went to the fair and we're
just filming the chickens and I thought
Casey's going to kill me cuz he's a
super film just all this footage oh look
at this chicken look at that doing your
editing you're like Kaylee does it annoy
you
hey listen if your marriage can work
it's tough to have to edit your wife
every day I applaud him you have to
listen to everything your wife says
twice oh that's a tough job that me the
other day because I didn't tell what I
was doing
yeah fine I won't do it anymore logs and
I'm not doing this anymore do you guys
get jizz Allegan I've always liked
Colette this is our job I just need a
couple minutes of Clips like this
especially like a dream job how can we
not do
it really makes me appreciate you
because I can't stand to listen to
myself and he's like editing and I say
the same thing for three times I'm like
oh my gosh to leave the gate you can't
she can't be in the room while I'm
editing I heard myself laughing when
Casey was law you have the best laugh
though
your lap is so Hardy it just makes me
jolly I feel like I'm Santa Clauses
belly when I hear your laugh that's how
jolly I filmed sign of Santa's go Oh
Casey you shine to them granite
countertops are oh she's shining those
bad boys those laying on the ground
that's 82 times she's like yeah get in
here
coconut leaves yeah do this grand it
looks sweet
I like the chiseled edge all right check
it out there's a storm coming and I feel
like you can almost see the wall of
water falling from the sky see you
remain right there it's like a wall of
water it's coming coming for you
good thing we have a house to get inside
take cover everyone speaking of so
pretty
goodness me oh my what's up polite said
the other day that our baby's prettier
cuter than the princes baby yeah you did
frightful mommy moment she said our
baby's cuter than the would you say come
on I'm his mom I think he's cuter than
everything in everyone in every piece of
cuteness in a hole I'd agree with you
though he's pretty dang cute
yeah get away anyways back to the
beautiful sky look at those clouds
goodness me is that just a really blue
blue man lovin who's wheres pooper man
rock what's on your head dude I'm not
judging you I'm just curious to what is
that it is laser beam those laser beams
give what's what are they do are they
light are they guns what are they
you want to talk about it okay hey I
left you you look really cute right now
I just want you to know that I'm gonna
come over there and bite you you're so
cute that crap off me Mom you watching a
Christmas show it's not Christmas yet
it's gonna be the best Christmas ever
though I'll tell you what
Shh arts Christmas special this year is
gonna be off the churn we're talking to
loads of family fun yeah we're
advertising for the Shaytards Christmas
special check out this year's bigger
better shade arts Christmas special
presented by Dick Clark Productions no
but that'd be cool um no I think we
should have a relative I just I know
that this Christmas is probably going to
be one of just because there's gonna be
so much cheer and joy and family and
white snow we'll all be in one place
travel to my parents house but a new
health I feel great
you know where does a key piece of drool
on you that's gross
give your kisses right here anyways this
is B our workout room gonna give him a
little help for right now nope
okay you guys can't no you guys can't no
yeah this is gonna be our workout room
this is gonna be where we play pool this
is the downstairs which showed that room
militantly anyways all right we're at
the house hanging out wishing we can
move in they're not finished yet who's
this hot stuff that was good day
yeah that was probably the best days of
my life
sing it with me now best days of my life
best isn't that's yeah look at you look
at old Kaylee with her short blonde hair
oh we made out so much
look at those talent even know what
they're getting into this crazy world
she had no idea oh boy you were so naive
you had no idea I'd be such a pain huh
what are you looking for what are you
looking for dude you glad your red
slippers what are you looking for
looking for a toy Hey okay that toy
where that lifejacket dude put that life
jacket on you should put it on that'd be
funny
clap put that life jacket on whose life
jacket is that was that yours cool yeah
put those on dude those are cool those
are way cool those are mine upside down
upside other way other way
flip around yeah that's right yeah dude
we're weirdos skiing this year okay me
and you buddy I'm gonna take you up on
the ski hill okay you want to go with
that okay we're gonna it's gonna be
sweet and just like that it's a rainy
double rainbow kind of day right here in
Idaho all the way across the sky where
time and space cease to exist and only
love exists in our hearts I'm Samer oh
look how cool it is it's sunny rainbow
blue sky rain it's raining rainbows I
love when it rains rainbows it's almost
like a vortex like you could just like
ride through that it's like a little
bubble there's like a space-time
continuum like we could go through there
into the past you know just show if we
could just fly oh shoot you know I'm
saying guys look boy oh boy
go get it yes Sookie what you think he's
in his element
he loves every second let me vlog this
WETA don't have one vlog with this
camera right this is
this guy I can't even find him how do i
zoom okay hey buddy look at him oh he's
soaking wet he's just like tackling that
water oh my gosh it's me so muddy to
keep him home
forget him so happy I wish I had six
more great names to run in there with
him
no what's he doing would you be
surprised you pull a big old rainbow
trout out of there yeah
the five pound salmon Oh Zeke are you
freaking in heaven look at him he's so
good look
be aggressive
hey the big wet dog we wants to play
with you you have too much energy and
you're too powerful
I need a horse to come out and play with
him he just jumped him there we need a
big dog come out and beat him up Tyson's
we're Tyson where you at Tyson's dog
gives him run first money
was he smell what is that just checking
out ed Boehm that's the show
cut away he's still a giant manly animal
look at him he look he could be a deer
he could be an elk in the wild oh he's
gorgeous
Ezekiel Montgomery burns I love you hey
you're a beautiful animal I love you
love you daddy love you daddy
just like a rope of romance um what yeah
romance novel I'm watching on TV that
was great footage how do I realize it's
a zipper send this clip to me I want it
for my blog no smart no semester me
that's my philosophy I call that's my
clip all right Casey what do they say
Casey I want all the girls come on yup
we were free represent no come on
all right so since that summer's over
holy cow okay quiet
so it's Sunday night well that's not not
encourage him stop listen okay hi that's
great thank you you live here you should
clean it if you do that's good they come
over here they make a mess they should
help clean it but school starts on
Tuesday it is Sunday night nope
kiss summer good eye it's over you
encouraged me yesterday what are you
eating in here I don't know flower seeds
they're all gone now sunflower seeds
alright come on let's go fourth grade is
waiting for you sorry first grade one
well that's what's on the phone who is
it oats fourth grade they need their
Avia wait hold on first grades on the
phone Oh whoo Oh Emmy yeah I mean first
grades calling bullcrap my fingers gone
often good just paged him let go oh look
here's a ears a homing pigeon
hey hey hey - sorry Cayley always hated
homing pigeon exactly that my reason
exactly yeah another beautiful night
it's getting chilly up here starting to
need to wear some coats
wintertimes coming soon
friends are like popsicles in six go
together and that's why we're doing it
again friends are like popsicles they
stick together okay let's go they just
know cuz the cameras on they can play
this game but I'm gonna turn the camera
and then they're having raid okay you're
gonna beat them are we ready to be
alright so me on the facing everybody
are you ready to stop being nice dads
okay oh okay talk to me talk to me talk
to my de volcán nuts that's too bad
sorry about that
tell me what are your fears you got two
days to go back to school school yeah
are you excited about that you guys
believe it you're headed back to school
what's one thing you're nervous about
you're not being serious
you I'm nervous about my cursive it was
I mostly don't write in cursive and
bravely mostly writes and curses I'm
okay okay I do my Y's and GS and G's in
cursive cuz I'm used to it but I'm not
acting and I else venereal is what I am
so what nervous every teacher want like
why wouldn't you like you you're so
adorable
why do you think she won't like you yeah
because you people we're not stupid
you're a genius
hey listen you have like some of the
best sense of humor of anybody I know
so somebody that can make other people
laugh they're very smart you doing love
Miwa hey you're very smart you're funny
and you're smart thank you sir and your
dolls leg is broken that's one bad thing
about you your doll your teacher may not
like that you're late your - your dolls
leg is broken I bet you she'll love you
okay school
Gavin one thing you're afraid of too
many girls not enough decisions not
enough days in the week I'm nervous
about losing a dodge ball hope I win
this year
Colette the girls are trying to convince
me to let them have a sleepover Braley's
tonight and I told them no Jai do a good
job as a dad helps you didn't such a bad
job
did you guys I told him it's go back to
school Eve those not you my facts
straight calendar right my calendar
right
tomorrow's go back to school leave you
guys have to practice going to bed early
I have to chew so eat your cheese nachos
encode oh man it's 9:15 right now babe
are what's the bedtime going to be
what's that time let's set a bedtime oh
you're gonna have bedtime at 9:00 8:00
9:00 p.m. 9:30 8:30 that's early oh we
can't wait fun I think that wake up
you're their bedtime to be 8:30
hi dude I wouldn't love if they're in
bed by and at least my 9th Pacific yeah
and then what time to get up
6:00 you guys have to get up at 6:00
a.m. I'm so glad I've done with school
whoa I love to wake up and help these
guys yeah I know
Sharon's but I call it 6:00 a.m.
great all right well it'll be fun we'll
wake up together as a family
I'll get ready for school okay wake me
up with eggs in bed kay that's how I
wake up you make me over easy you need
to be up at 5:00 a.m. making eggs and
you need to be up at 4:00 a.m. making
the cheese that are gonna go on my
scrambled eggs
you need to plant the garden in the
backyard that's gonna make our freshly
made salsa so I want cucumbers I don't
care what time you do it but you need to
make a garden in the backyard
okay onions peppers jalapenos tomatoes
search it on the www line get on the
interwebs and find out how to make a
garden do it no I'm serious listen hey
and I've said this to cool and I don't
know if I said it to you guys you guys
want me accountable to this we are going
to do a kid's vegetable garden where the
kids are in charge of the garden they're
in charge of building it a planting it
of whatever you got to do in a garden
watering it you know weed eating I want
you guys to do the whole thing oh my
gosh what what we're never gonna be
watching TV right cuz where you gonna be
your new house is having such a good
life that was like in our new house
having such a good wife come to my pool
with a pool party your wife
let's seem pretty bratty um I love you
guys no we're gonna have Gardens okay
we'll be outside we're not going to
watch some TV
oh yeah whatever own garden yeah listen
you can come home from school and go
outside and pull it tomato off the plant
and come in cut it up and put it on your
sandwich how cool would that be
gardening it's how I'm just nipping
we're gonna have a bat have a
contest let's you can make the biggest
watermelon or if you guys can do the
best garden we could do the best garden
mom against kid mountain parents against
kids
Gordan contest well you better start
reading the Internet okay let's do it
dude
Garden contest it's too bad it's it's a
done deal
okay so next summer we bring you a new
webseries Garden off we can't do it the
winter times here
maybe we'll get a greenhouse I know okay
we'll figure it out I love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye so any of you
go back to school yet you headed back to
school when you're going back to school
who's nervous to go back to school oh
man I remember going back to school I
was always excited like just to see my
friends and to start a new year here's
something you can do if you're nervous
about going back to school here's what
you should do on the very first day of
school
we're a Shaytards shirt or a shaycarl
hat or something and then people will
see you and think that person's cool
they watch the Shaytards I want to be
friends with that person
hey secret Shaytards handshake Shaytards
see you know Sam and then you'll make
shade art friends at school first day of
school huh right good plan
tweet me pictures if you wear shaycarl
shaytards shirts on the first day of
school
love you guys click on yesterday's vlog
click on the Finn and lucky button and
see what we have been doing with our
lives for the last five years click on
one of those numero uno dos tres cuatro
Cinco Cinco seis
let me guys see tomorrow bye
