can I have this is this leftover welcome
to speak okay everybody get away and let
her make the water on shark and we'll
come back rock that watermelon truck is
and haunt your dreams okay brace
yourself loud windy clip about to come
up out in the mountains with the blonds
I have old man knees stretch boots all
right
mile seven Casey just nice pranked me
guys I know that was a prank
he just put out a bottle of water in the
middle of the road I'm like that's my
water butter I go watch his videos fun
yeah this dog I've no idea who this dog
is it's the neighbor's dog followed me
all seven miles every morning
be nice eat what's the matter Rose I can
smell it Oh what was it in the bushes
Judea no could you hear it don't let a
skunk spray you welcome to the farm
ladies you live out in the country now
can you smell that stinks
Casey's just like Casey's shot haha just
like get it cuz it's poop anyways here
at the farm ranch with kids the
basketball is the kid from the mountain
from clouds and the trees and the shrubs
and the hammers and the kiddies where's
the kitty
momma kitty we gotta feed her well I'm a
cute pic Oh Fran come here hey come here
I see you hey momma kitty mom kid come
here come here come see me I hate to
admit but I have fallen in love with
this feline friend I love you mama and
have you and she purrs and she lets me
better she's a wildcat there she is not
in the house she
just fending for herself we give her
like put some food out but she lives
outside and we don't know where the
kittens are is there one more up there
so as it stands from the original six
are two left
whoa whoa whoa look at this motley crew
got worms got worms we got kitties get
gauges you see your room we're coming
dude we're waiting for the kitty
hold on walking up the path to migration
Katie's house let's go mama
hurry up we waiting for your more nimble
than that I'll keep my distance thank
you very much all right we're going down
the riverbed the dried-up riverbed
don't fall watch out for the hose these
are cool rock that seems cool oh let's
go everybody come down the riverbed just
around the Riverbend in the movie just
around the Riverbend I look once more
what Pocahontas winner for ten points so
tarde coming 3 inches cute uh admit it
just round the riverbed I was running
today and that was one of the songs that
came on I'm like oh gee I'm honest like
run into the forest it was cool I love
Pocahontas now I gotta marry a majestic
good singer and divert off a big cliffs
and she goes into the water with a
little splash it's great technique
okey-dokey ah colette is about to get
all crafty on your faces closely hey hey
insane little 4 year old can you please
just tune it back 20 percent okay okay
let it down he's like a little Tasmanian
devil all day long oh you need that okay
sorry now I take you down sit down now
hey hey yo get down okay what are we
doing tell me I'm making
wrong shark never made it yeah okay so
we're doing a pirate-themed mother-son
activity tie and I am this hard are you
gonna miss cuz the football practice are
you sad that a shark Rob Kropp hey Brock
Brock is that a shark rock rock is that
gonna be a shark right there
shucks you need rock where's the shark
at he's almost as tall as you are not
set up straight you dad
no he's not taller than me stand up
back-to-back straight for serious for
realsies
oh my gosh Gavin old are you ten ten
years old how tall are you call it you
don't need to know that I've won are you
5-1 so Gavin you're almost special at
all dude what what a jerk yeah yeah how
do you make a watermelon sharp
interested it upin Tristan
all right how to make a watermelon shark
I'm busy look yeah it's a competition
for attention around here and the
loudest one usually wins it's that true
huh that's why I look at me look at me
is that what the Shaytards rollabout
look at me look at me we're just like no
you see that way sometimes you guys what
do you think about people in the
comments who argue about some of you
guys not getting enough camera time like
people are like why is it baby tard in
the videos more I don't think she likes
her I think he likes Princess hard
do you guys think that's crazy who do I
love do you think I love you hey baby
tired come here do you think I love you
do you know that I love you yeah do that
a hundred bucks that I love you uh-huh I
love you more than a navy I don't tell
her though what I'll tell you I love the
most
watermelon shark he is my favorite out
of everybody and I can't wait to meet
him he's gonna be here any moment
don't know we're gonna have our
watermelon stroke in our house of soaks
yeah yeah football practice tonight huh
I need part of this talk about don't
punch the watermelon shark you can fight
him later all Brock wants to do is fight
oh he was on the traveling with gage
link let's fight cage cage let's fight
what kind of material have you been
letting him watch Oh see the brace off
that's okay looks like pac-man
Pacman's here okay we will to you tune
in later when the shark will make his
grand appearance also how many baked
potatoes are you making Idaho stereotype
that looks about like a hundred pounds
of baked potatoes she's making for the
Mormon Church father's money mother-son
things I know I'll volunteer right yeah
I'm gonna hoot I'm gonna hoot toot your
horn what I like to volunteer making
watermelon sharks can I have this is
this leftover wellness be no you guys
okay everybody get away let her make the
water on shark and we'll come back rock
dude that watermelon truck is gonna
haunt your dreams get away she has a
very special plan we can't attack the
watermelon we're like piranhas you open
up a watermelon in this house and it's
like the smell everybody can smell it it
smells so fresh and clean and cool we're
a pack of hyenas around a dead this is
gonna be the okay so you need it oh yeah
I see juni like got toothpicks and stuff
yes okay we'll come back to the one line
watermelon shark coming up all right
the shark is done I'm pretty impressed
really wait wait wait turn this way and
then do a slow rotation you ready do the
reveal no that's good his dorsal fin
like his dorsal fin and I like his
blueberry eye right there he could add a
little bit straighter what's going on
here these are gummies I like those yeah
it's supposed to be like water Oh like
he's coming it's like white water but
it's actually sharks yeah it's like
white water he's shooting out of the
white water Oh baby time put your face
right there it looks like you're gonna
get eaten by a shark well like this make
your face big look oh no he's a baby
yeah she won't get the bathtub because
he's afraid sharks are gonna come in
they're a biter but they're watch out
next I'm your bathtub
this guy's gonna come swimming through
and bite you on your bum with his sharp
teeth that looks so good babe
great job was hard to do we should have
done a tutorial
I think I'm sweet I love it speaking of
watermelon shake our watermelon socks
coming soon what do you think dude you
like it yeah don't touch it that's for
tonight
hey dude he gets cool yeah that's cool
huh all right for doing
see when we're attacking the kept
falling off but it looks really great
alright so this is our mother-son pirate
party sons heart couldn't be here
because of footballs I'm hoping I can
save a sword for you yeah did you see
our shark
look show me your story honey yeah want
to decorate it yeah okay let's go show
on the food this is our table our pirate
table got my beautiful shark I love it
vegetable tray this is fish and chips
get it this is all the stuff at the
potato bar and these are our potato
boats super cool right I love it I think
it's fun oh yeah the skeletons you like
those yeah yeah
hey you ready to go play some games
let's go play some games do you know
what yes what is this is walk the plank
can you walk the plank can you balance
on that you don't have to jump well you
don't have to jump you just have to walk
to one hand to the other
good one foot in front of the other oh
good job Annie and there's your gold
there's your pirate school that
yeah good job tiny leave not like to you
okay step up a little closer we're going
to try to put rings on Catherine books
hook you ready right over 100 that was
close
you got the right idea all right again
oh okay let's try it again oh you look
so cool would you like it if you want to
get a picture he's too busy he just
loves it here there's too many things
happening oh nice good job dude so the
fire does oh look there's your favorite
buddy yeah re mateys
thumbs up this video or you walk to
blink thanks for watching happy Friday
TGIF how many you guys are going back to
school our kids are going back to school
on Tuesday so this is our last weekend
of the summer I don't even know what
we're gonna do probably just get ready
for school on Tuesday oh man I'm kind of
excited and kind of sad at the same time
how about you guys who's going back to
school what are you going back some of
you already back yeah we're getting
ready to go back anyways love you guys
eat some watermelon in my honor click on
the video click on that feeling lucky
button and see what the shades are doing
all day music go okay let you guys
