hi in here alright we're at the dentist
again yeah remember last time I did this
and take pictures of your teeth
you're pretty pretty teeth you're the
cutest thing you just can't handle it
lift and close a really tight for me
just like that buddy oh good good job
honey you're so good at that you're a
professional teeth picture taker now he
is always fun since we got one of the
x-ray chair he's got one in this trial
at CVS cut one in that chair and we got
one in this chair forget laughing lots
of kids you can fill up this game plane
what are you watching nice good Mouse
mouseketools that was only my favorite
part of the demantoid up to act as a
doctor doctor he was saying enough and
trust me say a B yeah the APA
hey any doctor and I'm seeing data
that's not the same I'm fine I swear
okay one on camera one of these days
hey Brooke miss Brock
let's distract him every time alright
you guys guess what no it's so awesome
that makes me happy we're doing
something right kids good job and they
give us shirts and forgive you know
caveats huh I'm good job guys I'm proud
of you
hey we're at a property so what is going
on here this is a new fort no boys
allowed officially is that official are
we saying it now is there gonna be a
sign just like an unspoken rule we're
gonna do yeah it's right down the middle
mark but what will you put okay trainers
what's that oh your club saw that did
you guys put this these boards over here
you know what you could do is get this
giant orange tarp and put it over the
top so you have like a little hiding
private space underneath there you know
you want to watch something slide do it
a dip nice do push-ups okay babe hurt
let's see it
do some push-ups on there so Colette is
at the dentist appointment and I hey no
cavities today I am proud I'm kind of
shocked I hate to say but I'm proud of
you guys good job that means some good
brushing yeah well good job
Emmie give me five no cavities proud of
you keep brushing girlfriend
sure
you can assist women and you can get
toys oh so you pick that out I like you
okay I gotta go check on the boys I'll
be right back yeah get him all right
these guys ma'am that's where I failed
as a vlogger these dogs were just
pulling it pumping down this yard he was
checking out that's just a horse who's
rocking horse that's like the fastest
I've ever seen Zeke run oh they were
racing back and forth across this yard
and they were cruising oh he's got your
bone he's got your bone we're gonna do
you let the truck the lab get your bone
so excuse me mister uh poor Zul what do
you think after the video yesterday we
have worldwide acclaim now times in
school stuff you're the best landscape
architect designer in the world right
now
I just tried sketch - so tough so so all
right okay so we're gonna build the deck
intestines gonna help us build the deck
would you hear that
it's 3:30 in the morning not a soul in
sight the city is looking like a ghost
town on this room something something
night raindrops on the windshield sing
with me Tyson there's a storm moving in
I said that's a cow bone that they found
up the hill vocals anyways go check out
Tyson in the ALS ice bucket challenge
cracks me up every time I love it
here's one I get another swing set do
let's get a really big 1k holder hittin
they're getting serious
they're getting serious those are some
real bites Zeke kind of like backs down
to him but he'll just like outright
he'll just like run away from him he
doesn't want to fight him he just wants
to get away as fast as he can go boy get
your bone he bit your butt didn't he I
don't know if I got that on camera but
right when I turned the camera on Biggie
bit us but the rivalry continues oh oh
somebody has some of these done showing
major dominance you gonna let him keep
your bone dude um Oh Sikhs like I'm head
with this beam I say okay okay okay okay
okay okay all right give me the bone
there's no fighting give it to me heads
up give daddy the bone you guys don't
get it you guys can't release yeah it's
my bone now I was gonna bite on it to be
funny but I'm like there's no Abdul
that's disgusting Tyson bite on this
bone
whoever gets it first gets it ready yeah
whoa you see that lightning it was huge
there's a storm a-brewin in these here
Hills another yet yet another missed
vlogging opportunity the biggest rain
cloud
maybe that I've ever seen just opened up
look at this storm front it's like giant
and dark you can kind of see right where
the edge of it is but it was like
quarter inch size hail balls that we're
coming down like hard the kiddin in the
back and was stayin that left my all my
windows down so my truck was soaking wet
I ran out here rolled up the windows and
then ran back in and the kids had locked
the door so I was locked out and I got
pummeled but look at the dark and the
bright
it's like another one's coming or just
passed us hey are you king of that hill
do you like that hill of rocks you like
mountains of rocks what are you doing
you're riding a motorcycle set your
motorcycle cool motorcycle you having
fun I love you
that looks awesome dude he is a tough
motorcycle remember Brooke this is my
land
my name's so cool and tough on renewal
so Batman who is that that's Batman nice
okay Brock I love you hey hey I want a
war sincere I love you look at me look
at me look me in the eyes I love you hey
babe
turn it off him so because we're like
the coolest parents ever we let you know
how the staircases have little rooms
under them they like mostly is for
storage but we let the girls having us
there pink Taylor Swift oh you did good
he'd be careful that doesn't get hot and
melt off and burn my house down yeah
okay yeah let's turn that off it's hot
you guys what if it melts
no that's might probably be a bad idea
we'll get you a pink lampshade take the
duct tape off of the label turn don't
take it off that's not safe
fire safety standards or whatevs you
call it anyways we are getting close to
move in wait three more weeks I wish it
was today we've been living out of a
suitcase for three months no how long
how long has it been
sucks it's worth it Yeah right
oh if we sort it he's so sweet he'll
wait where we at what we do and talk to
me about your life who's burping what's
burping Sam the Burpee family oh dude a
love thing on the lens
we're a football practice it is raining
are they stopping
heck no because they are hardcore we're
son tard he's in there getting lashed by
his coach Jerry screaming you even
oh there he goes right there oh wow this
is a long zoom
all right Gavin let's see what you got
he's hiking see even get a good hike oh
it's raining this cameras getting wet
hustle this play up gentlemen no that's
not yeven saying hi Quinn
nice driving down the field all the way
outta kid way to get your man out of the
hole do that dude how's he look he's
yelling huddle yells huddle I wish I had
a tripod I'm proud of him he's doing
good Oh put his hat on dude with the
beanie the new baby bonnet thank you you
see the way Paul the God I brought my
head all right
football practice is over you work up an
appetite running ladders all right or
eating dinner and I'm excited why the
girls are in the night sleep over at
Casey yes any engages spending the night
over here they won't listen like I said
mom will you bring my American Girl doll
clothes on my American Girl doll and my
American Girl my bed and my American
Girl brush and my Holy Word and said are
we going back up there if we go back I
said if we go back up there than I will
but no we're gonna go right up at me you
want a date tonight
Monica : poor boy if you were putting
you guys to bed then we're gonna have a
cuddle session okay in with live shots
eat it you eat it you just grabbed it
and it is very easy
yeah yeah cuz I dad I don't think this
is dish you eat it guys have a bite
whatever lies
it looks very concerned you're second uh
facial it's right over he does oh you're
gonna do it again like it you have that
short term in the middle good good you
like it she like is yummy oh wow
provided he likes it he's a lying
machine that guy with a crazy light
machine on her hands I has all deal I'm
all the lives belong to me just to make
sure he doesn't represent them yeah we
should get those out of his hands buddy
nice to learn no which one should I eat
neck there's so many to eat I think he
just likes it he can grab them because
he feels like they're important
what is your oldest memory do you think
little bro tard we'll remember the time
that he had a plate full of limes at the
Applebee's if you think back what's the
earliest memory that you can remember
when you were a kid and then do you have
some of those memories that you're like
did that really happen cuz I feel like
that happened in my mind or is that just
like some weird story I made up you know
a story that you've been telling your
entire life and you've told us so many
times and it's almost just a story that
you tell maybe not necessarily an
experience you had you ever have that
happen that's what I love about the
vlogs cuz we can come here and watch it
be like oh yes this is exactly what
happened like when I kicked the ball on
the golf course and then they ran over
my pole just gonna kick their box
check out the new golf video thanks for
watching we love you guys and as always
click on that thumbs up button see what
the Shaytards were doing 1 2 3 4 & 5
years ago today and we'll see you
tomorrow give me kisses
