login here birthday shopping for baby
tard birthday shopping for baby turn
look at this bike I'm gonna get her a
bike but look at this have you guys seen
bikes like that that is bigger than a
motorcycle tire that is chunky these you
could ride that you guys too big that is
so easy making my old princess bikes I
want to show them the balloon that you
got check this out okay ready yeah yeah
yeah yeah happy birthday to you
yeah birthday till you hit hey happy
birthday to you you up yeah right
I'm not are you sure sure okay check
thank you I need a bike we need a bike
baby tard needs a bike let's see if we
can find her one something that she'll
like and change right that's what what
is that so a bike do we I gotta find her
a bike action
see pickle me
okay so we have a bag a balloon and a
bike three B's of baby turds birthday
that's five B's a bag of bike in a and a
balloon for baby tarts birthday five
letter alliteration score winner up the
alliteration thing if we had won five
what do want to get I was thinking that
go wreck
right we got our purchase we're out of
here
I like the things dangling from the
public's pit straight away okay so now
we are headed to an places of what games
games arcade play games arcade pizza
have fun balloons bike smiles and beards
lots of smiles and beers that's a cool
bike I think you look like those
streamers all right put it back hey
doesn't this place kind of remind you of
that place on Toy Story where like buzz
goes Outer Limits fun zone with laser
tag a galactic grill blacklight golf in
an arcade yes ma'am
if he is excited to ride the bike in
there to show her little sister I think
she's gonna like it kay ready after you
milady
is this the birthday table specifically
for Emmylou what do you guys think where
they playing laser tag got the babies
babies one of these right there playing
laser tag there's Cooper's there goes
there goes lupus pickups lupus
there's Gavin Gavin you're just standing
there just shooting each other you gotta
run around there's glass really engage
are probably hiding in the corner side
Coleman they put the vest on it has two
oak robes on there and every time you
get charged shop I don't want to be
shot okay we're just waiting for baby
tard to come out of the laser tag arena
and she's gonna come out here to the big
reveal of her bike and her balloon and
all of her presents
all right laser tags over red team who's
red team raise your hands red team one
your blue team how'd you lose
oh you look sweaty how's the high school
player people they do that your excuse
wait are you red team or blue team hey I
got you a present for your birthday you
want to see it want to see it
okay guys come lineup got lineup we're
gonna get a laser tag picture for our
memory books a Matty loss
creep is gay say lasers all right good
job laser tag players good job good job
all right come look at the president
good job case Gracie your present I hope
you like it a really good one okay keep
your eyes closed keep eyes closed keep
em closed keep them closed hey ready
okay open him do you like it she died oh
man I hate when she dies that's too bad
well let's drag her out throw her in the
trash with the pizza go look at it what
do you think dude do you like it that
cool look hit the balloon watch listen
can you hear it listen listen closely
wait
all the pizza's here yeah look people
you like the bike do you like it
happy birthday love you oh all right so
what video game will we find Casey at
big bulk HD sponsored by duck dynasty we
have to shoot the guy oh oh you shoot
the barrels damn it those he's got a
shotgun get him get him get him get him
let me help you talk to you okay come on
that's the golf that's mini-golf in
there come on let's watch your uncle
Casey blow crap up on the computer
thingy very satisfying it is but this
game just makes hotter something like
huge rednecks I didn't let you shoot
like eat bowls it's like throw them in
the truck what game are you playing dude
just go light saber you know what you're
doing there sir
I want to go hunting Donnie can I go
hunting I like hunting you gonna wear
that how are that I want you to wear
that I'm gonna hunt for you I'll be a
big-game hunter if that's it you're my
prey ha ha nothing likes a nutrition
after a hard game of laser tag some soda
and pizza pizza and pop the pizza talk
okay so today's a special day we know
it's at baby tars birthday and we and
she's gonna dish up first and she's
gonna pick hoops as a prayer see me Holy
Father thank you for this day thank you
for all our many blessings and thank you
for letting us be here today on Amy's
birthday thank you merge letting us a
wonderful day with her and please bless
that she can have a wonderful birthday
and please boss that is vision come
strength in our body
please boss that we all be happy nice
times crazy hey man hey man I'm gonna
beat this poster anyone who's under 18
call the dining room so the kids table
are you under 18 young lady you are okay
she's like I'm out of here I wish you
guys could smell this maybe it doesn't
look that appetizing but this is
delicious oh boy I think there's a storm
brewing all right I'm not vlogging a
driving I'm in a parking lot I'm about
to park I'm here to pick up Sun tarde
from football practice which I'm very
excited to come watch him they're all at
the house having dinner and birthday
cake and I'm coming to pick up son Turk
I shot my ALS ice bucket challenge today
you guys go check it out it's on my
shaycarl channel I think it was fun it
was fun to do and I am donating $1,000
plus however much money that video makes
I'm donating all that money to the ALS
charity too so thousand bucks and then
whatever that makes on the Adsense from
just you know money that I make from
videos when I upload them I will donate
all of that money to ALS so go check it
out - my shaycarl channel now let's go
watch Gavin beat some kids up on the
football field
oh conditioning air crawls those are no
fun bear crawls are no fun
there's Gavin right there in the blue
they're doing simple conditioning right
now bear crawls and then Sprint's and
then ladders there's going back and
forth and it's so hard to bear crawls
when you're in football pads
this is gonna be danged for son tardy
he's gonna be so strong ribbed so tell
me what do you prefer bear crawls or
burpees burpees really you like them
better than bear crawls yeah I saw
you're kind of on your knees they're
hard huh you're getting better though
the coach said you're hitting some kids
really hard one time when I hit him so
hard my stomach's turning good why could
you felt bad cuz you hurt him no I it
just hurt because I am sore
oh really nice too proud of ya look
you're getting a good workout it looks
like you're getting a dang good workout
out there hey buddy you ready to sing
happy birthday to your sister yes love
hey blue eyes your pretty eyes oh here
we go
once again
seven years little ruthless has been
with us baby loofah semi Butler tard
love me little oh hey wait think about
your wish
think about your wish you gotta get them
all happy birthday
where's the cake yeah what are you so
become - hey do you like it ha ha ha ha
I always push your face in the cake ok
close your eyes glittering close race ok
this is a special present for you and
somebody else your eyes nice as the bike
I got you hug
well you might like this oh wait stand
up stand up
where stand up you ready from the count
3 1 2 3 that's 4 American Girl doll bed
thank you that's the only chance for
American Girl doll bed know what's
happening over here no cussing over
their grandparents
not ready very well really maybe and I
put it together up in the room and we
all decided that we all want one too
it's pretty cute I love you good boy
we prepared a song seeing the majors
birthday because she's seven years old
and we love her so much we're so
grateful she's part of her life okay
take everybody shut up so we can sing
oh it's perfect
it was perfect well is the craziness all
over did we do it we have a happy
birthday for lupus Magoo FFA's hey I
think you did a great job today you're a
good mom that makes her kids feel very
special on their special day
God kupli ano sir t today was actually
kind of nerve-wracking because I hadn't
prepared of anything I think she had a
good birthday though red cake and bikes
and pizza and laser tag and balloons
grandmas and grandpas and cousins I
don't know mortgage ask on your birthday
I think she did great dad great birthday
I'm tired and go sleep we just one thing
I had to go do today also shoot my ice
bucket challenge and I think it turned
out really good so go check it out like
I said earlier I'm gonna donate all the
money that it makes on my Adsense to the
ALS foundation organization also go
check out Blake's Blake has a channel
you guys know Blake works for me he's my
editor and shooter he has a YouTube
channel Blake O'Neill he had a very
unique idea for the ALS which is also
known as the Lou Gehrig disease he had a
good idea to do a tribute to the late
great baseball player Lou Gehrig so if
you want to see blanks what he did go
check it out and I'm still trying to
catch up on sleep from vlogger fair we
oh I'm tired I'll go take a hot bath and
then I'm gonna pass out okay I could get
lazy to my bottom laughs hmm yeah sing
with me now
happy birthday a.m. it will give another
presence to you oh happy birthday girl
HAP HAP HAP happy birthday girl happy
birthday and it will give it I don't
know where just do you oh yeah happy
birthday girl I have a bad bad bad
birthday girl thanks for watching hey
please click on the video if you haven't
seen the feeling lucky button golf video
yet
I just thought give you a sneak peek of
where we have a little good destroy the
Golf Course thanks for watch our videos
you guys baby Tarte had a one
full birthday all of the montage videos
that you guys made I showed her like
three of four and five of those she
loved them and I showed her a bunch of
your guys's tweets and your pictures on
Instagram so we appreciate all you guys
and support we love you and we'll see
you tomorrow
