oh come on you'll get closer than that
yeah they pollinate it they're
pollinating the gum wall check this out
you guys this we've been here before I
was here last year this is gone and
there's bees climbing on it combine it
how much to chew a piece of gum off the
wall tribe Tyler 100 you over 20 bucks
would you do 25 good I'll give you 20
bucks right now okay this lady that we
saw when I was running by here her hair
got stuck to those girls
yeah hey babe heaven Charles helping
with the stroller again rollers I'm
working this bring the jobs here I think
they're calling you I think they're
calling me you better go see somehow
Charles has arranged it for Ally too
Oh different Ali hi
I'm gonna sell vlog footage in Charles
yeah yeah yeah alright so she's about to
throw it over here she's a fish catcher
did you get that I missed the fish
flying so you're here to do a benefit I
may have a girl I got a very good shot
of the yeah babe she caught a fish why
can't you catch a fish
blood drive Tyler Tyler Tyler we've been
hanging out we're like homies yeah these
bad boys I love them hello all right
well catching fish and hanging out with
Rastafarians oh yeah oh yeah I don't you
could pay her enough yeah dudes were in
Seattle right below the gum wall and I
just found dude check this out this is
something you don't see every day John
Green were you at the Fault in Our Stars
original movie script you should send
that to John he probably has it from
when he wrote it probably does it's
probably on his laptop at a file John
Green where do you keep your file for
The Fault in Our Stars we want to know
is it the documents section or the
desktop all right he's got to have a
file somewhere on John Green's
unorganised the New York number one
Times bestselling somewhere on John
Green's computer I want to know where
that file is it's my called fault
both stars Oh Seth do see John Green
please we're dying to know we need to
know anyway this is so cool they're
selling original movie clips
I wonder what he does save the scripts
for I'm not saying this to try to be
funny John please tweet us back do they
want to know where's regional like what
is book filenames that be interesting to
know especially all right there's My
Little Ponies we got all kinds of stuff
that's right yo okay that's my favorite
gum oh my gosh this is I can't show this
this is inappropriate gum this video to
turn
he day
now eat it look at those beautiful
flowers
they're almost rivaling your beauty my
love yeah those beautiful flowers are
almost as pretty easy well I just want
to say right now that it is it is a
beautiful day perfect weather
it's like the smells just being out in
the Sun with your friends and enjoying
my nature and if you smell that
vegetables great I love being out here
Pike's Market in Seattle it's a great
place to come and walk around just smell
things and eat things and fight things
pinch things like butts but I can't find
one because there's camo pants here are
the famous public market well we have a
new tradition now every time we come to
VidCon err we have to buy a suitcase and
take it home with us because you guys
buy us and bring us so many toys and
presents and letters and nice things
that make me look like a really good dad
when I go home and we have a suitcase
full of toys and presents and candy
that's nice letter
yeah I'll show your red back robe on our
last trip so this yeah so the guys
remember who remembers that vlog and
came to Australia and saw okay guys I'd
go buy a big red suitcase just to take
it all home that one just broke so we
bought another blue one pretty I like it
so this is uh we're gonna go fill up the
suitcase with all of the stuff you guys
brought us is being pulled if I feel
like I could throw this thing don't draw
we just bought it glad you caught that
you're gonna hit there's a lady with a
baby behind you Oh catch it okay good
good okay
okay we're at Sandra's practice and he's
so cute
don't tell him I said that but I think
he's cute I think I mean he's so studly
man he could play football like a pro
and he's so cute I mean he's like super
cool and like he's tough he's like a guy
then he's my little boy and I love his
super tough super tough well he's the
center he's the one in the middle let's
get ready to hike tomorrow
yep that's exactly what he does see
that's him yelling
he said set Potter's in the blue in the
blue team oh he got him I mean he's
super manly what they do they do
cartwheels and tackle and stuff he did
here Shawn what Shawn what he did she's
gonna show them they're doing cartwheels
on the field that's what they're doing
when two cheerleaders over here all
right so we're back in Idaho and I'm
editing the vlog right now but before I
upload this I would like to ask a very
special birthday girl to join me and say
happy birthday to you happy birthday we
love you
Lucy Lucy Lou Lou Lou Lou people so do
you think how old are you today
seven years old do you think anything
will change like you're a big girl now
seven years old three years tell the
double digits do you think you'll be
different now you do yeah how how are
you gonna be different
you don't know hmm
maybe you'll get into like some cool
clubs or something actually princess
tart and braley just accepted baby tarde
into their new club right because she's
seven no does that tree know she
be in the club now see what Oh
you can't start curling your own hair
with a curling iron until you burn your
neck and ears and nose do you want to do
that doing a current curl your own hair
yeah okay well we love you guys
tell everybody thanks for wishing you
happy birthday that's you it's your but
you're the birthday girl
okay we're gonna go have a birthday
party you tell me what tell me we're
gonna need to go do go to an arcade and
eat pizza and run around and bite each
other's ears applause okay I love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow it'll be
baby turns birthday video tomorrow
today's her birthday and I don't have
very much footage so bye hey cuz cuz I
was pretty it glows green what these
sure places alright love you happy
birthday love you what oh we lost star
there I left yeah I left my other camera
in Los Angeles so we only have this one
and we just ordered some more do you
want
sorry about that
101 camera family no we're good it's
very sad so we only have one camera
do you or two or maybe a three camera
family pretty soon and then you know
there's something lots of footage
alright happy birthday lubos see I smile
bye
ma dude do you guys see my son tackle
that guy freakin level them he's a beast
he's an animal he's assured the football
birdie Ark I'm so excited for this year
because Gavin's gonna be playing
football tackle football
I'm really excited watching that clip
last night I was editing I was importing
the footage and I saw that clip I just
started busting of laughing this morning
I'm like dude you're actually not
allowed to wrap up on offense I would
have probably have been considered
holding but it's fun to like teach him
all these things that I learned at his
age and I'm very excited about the
school year and things get kinda you
know just move into our house and
getting a normal routine again it's kind
of been crazy and we appreciate you guys
being patient with this a via what are
we doing right now
no you're eating cheesecake tell them
what did I say when I you asked me if I
wanted some cheesecake I told her no cuz
it wasn't a healthy option and I'd be
having healthy options but she can do
whatever she wants
unless I tell her she can't do it cuz
I'm in charge but she anyways what we're
about to do is we're about to go to the
store and buy a baby tart a new bike for
her birthday so if you want to watch it
turn into morrow you'll see us give her
a brand new bike please click on the
prowl the feeling lucky button go watch
the new golf video you guys if you guys
help me get that to a lot of I'm gonna
try to make a deal with you
let's say I'll do 20 minute vlogs for a
week but we really do appreciate when
you guys support us and the other
projects that we do so please check out
the feeling lucky button the new golf
video on the shaycarl channel I really
want to get that channel up and going
with just fun videos that we like to do
I don't want everyone to be a brand deal
I want to do some really just fun
shaycarl videos like I used to on that
channel so please go check it out and we
will add some more very soon we got a
lot of ideas and we love you we'll see
you tomorrow night
