we saw each other each other guys watch
I'll prove it don't kiss me kiss me all
right you ever seen a traffic jam on a
luggage escalator we're about to
capacity ladies and gentlemen there are
at least opening four spots for them to
put bags all right so I think there was
a luggage mix-up in the Seattle Airport
because there are bags coming out
everywhere and they're getting clogged
up and people can get their bags check
this out
there it is the needle we saw it as
we're landing look at this guy making
excuses why I can't go running
hurt my toe
I can't run an exercise make myself a
better person it's very good
oh where did Colette go quick this is
cool what is this
yeah that's an Elliot there LACMA
alright here we are with : what's up man
leaving me hanging give me up Oh Sam
don't know there he is and the baby the
baby squad Jenica look at that yeah you
guys get together
you guys are twinners so cute I think
she is an entire foot taller than you
whatever that like that we are in
Seattle at vloggerfair Jimi Hendrix is
right here playing the guitar for us
have you guys been up there never been
up there
you've never been let's go I want to see
that but shake like girl hmm
let's see it what's the song what's the
song
wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah what's that
horrible rap song with mud sexual
infinitely wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
you're both wearing camo pants the only
way I would do it is if you were here
wearing camel pants with me we have to
do it together camel a family that camel
passes together stays
it's too much comedy let's see what's
underneath the only play that okay yeah
I'll put my mouth I'll put in my mouth
put him up
hi hey levy I don't want to turn the
camera off it's too adorable okay hey
guys so well here
longer prayer and we just had a big
party dr. hare met all our favorite
vloggers we hung out with all of our
friends and it was super fun man vlog
refers awesome know what tomorrow is the
real day but you won't be here cuz
you'll see that someone didn't love you
I'm sorry I wish you could have been
here but if you were here we met than I
but I thought you would send me a
picture on Twitter that we took together
again love you bye whoa you're adorable
Ali's here - hi Ali hi Ali I just
ordered food because we're starving okay
so we're backstage at vloggerfair
getting ready to introduce all of the
family vloggers and
all right here we are backstage of
vlogger fair the second annual vlogger
fair 2014 we have we have every family
vlogger on YouTube here with us their
net reason :
here with that one
hey they're all here Quintus is here
he's getting
yes sir all right we're about to go down
stage right now it's loading this is
where it gets like anxious right you
know the field but it's like very
excited because you hear all the people
out here you want to peek out here
around the skirt the curtain this
curtain look get all the people there
waiting for us they will scream
oh okay okay okay okay you guys listen
so these guys are from Saudi Arabia
maybe you've heard of it on the other
side of the world they have nine
siblings in their family five boys and
four girls these are the four sisters
what are you trying to hide from back
there get over here
they flew from Saudi Arabia to come see
us
you guys are awesome you win the award
for longest travel all right we're here
meet everybody in vlogger fair when she
said she broke her femur that's a life
lesson
do not break your femur but check out
this shirt that she made it's like see
you Barkley say Karl they look she
decorated her crunches I told her she
needs to start her own style channel and
how to decorate your crunches video I do
good for everybody with sprained ankles
and broken femurs smokey we're here with
Emily and Jordan Jordan Jordan know your
new name is Jordan Kyle that's too cool
to name I just made it up
like Malachi Oh Jordan Jordan Chi they
wanted to be in the vlogs I'm like okay
I might cut this out later
shout out oh that's what you want you
want an emotion basically yeah nope
sorry
go check out youtube.com slash jour de
Kai okay
check it out guys Katrina and Nicole
Tyler Oakley just showed up so it's
getting really loud in here they wanted
to say hi the life goal she said say
hello you're on the Shaytards
stop it that was weird alright thanks
for watching guys yeah okay you guys you
have very specific instructions from
Alexi she has a checklist to meet them
which she did we should check that and
then get on the vlog you have fulfilled
all your life goals good job
we got these guys back here hey beyond
the blog look at that hat
ah look they made me a sign shake we
please be in the blog okay a trick for
us oh yeah that was awesome good job
one hint oh man
you caressed it princess argh where you
at do it one more time one-handed yeah
going to the Olympics young lady give me
a pound jeez wow I can't do that I care
there's no trampoline here though
okay I don't know what's happening now
apparently these young ladies have
prepared some choreography okay enough
with the shoutout get to the dance
there we go
you got that baby girl swag just like
her dad would up rock card starting to
walk pick your leg up because girlfriend
back fans being it's a perfect and nice
okay we have another performance plan
for you we hope you enjoy it they've
been working on this for a very long
time I don't know what they're about to
do one of the girls said she should
stretch before they do it so I have no
idea what's gonna happen okay I'm ready
what
that was weird that was really weird
you're the one that I need to stretch
before then so she has a cheeseburger
which was his minor BYE MOM
I here with Haley how long he has been
waiting in line
four hours are you sick of waiting in
line for Jay Cardosi oh no that's a good
mom you may oh that's longer than four
hours
your sister friends alright well we're
having fun here bloggers parents awesome
okay kids if somebody wants to say hi to
you he needs to play with rock stars
alright got some more requests be in the
ball where you guys from Camille hey I'm
here with Mikayla crystal and Rebecca
they wore the same outfit faces their
faces wore the same outfit to
vloggerfair
well there's no save they're triplets I
told them they need to find some triplet
boys so listen if there are any 18 year
old triplet boys out there I found you
guys your wives right here okay so if
you're trembling brothers that watches
Shaytards let me know anyways it's gonna
be great
come to my property I know I make em
potato okay I'm trying to find you guys
some husbands you put your name Kirsten
hi Carson Shay Carson
you're welcome I've been waiting for
hours she has it's a 4-hour line and
they made it here
I like che I like your friend che the
best hey che I'm married what are you
doing shaped me alone
good to meet you guys mom and brother
here too hi guys still alive hey babe
babe look Megan brought you double stuff
Colette had to go back to the room
because the baby was sad mad and hungry
he wanted to suck on her boob basically
I'm just leveling with you that's what
he wanted and he couldn't do it here in
the convention centre they had to go
back oh crap I dropped the thing anyways
honey I got Oreos I'll bring him back to
hotel room okay what so you bet in the
line and now you're friends okay okay
there we go
shirt good to meet you I'm glad you guys
are friends you should be friends
forever
look at this we're just bringing okay
what about these boys anybody any love
relationships going on here okay good
well never mind okay all right these
guys want to be in the vlog as well hi
she said hey these guys wanted to know
if they could be in the vlog good one
good one blame it on you guys she threw
you under the bus didn't she hey check
out these guys hair look at her hair
look at the blue
hi guys you're the vlog now do it dance
that was good okay you guys I'm gonna
give a major shout-out to Voltron here
changing camera
transformers so these guys I want you
guys go check this out
they take shoes trans shoe formers and
make them pull that up do you look at
that that's out of a Jordan what year of
Jordan is that you know that's a Beijing
six trying to keep an Asian so they take
these old shoes and turn them into
transformers that's awesome you guys go
check them out right now that is very
unique that's probably one of most
unique things I've seen Oh charlie why
are you abusing my childhood you just
got here and you're are you like doing
like the mean uncle stuff he's nine
months old
that's like Charlie and the Chocolate
Factory and him and Grandpa Joe are
floating into the family the ceiling
fans I almost call them Valene sans
wavin hi Charles I don't
the force is strong with this one dude
okay so we want to see your new this is
my favorite one out of this peeling now
so it looks like at leprosy it's funny
that one of my best friends has so many
tattoos and everybody that you know I'm
always like don't get tattoos don't get
tattoos each other did you did your ice
challenge I didn't do mine yet yeah go
yeah I mean I have a good idea though
you and Danny I'm gonna do it you got it
yeah you rushed to it dude you needed to
think of some more creative I always
told us 24 hours well I did too but
let's up stretch dorium or was it that
small it was a pickle buck
it was a big bucket Oh pickle bucket
dude you're not gonna get any nobody's
gonna help anybody with a small pickle
bucket the more water you have in your
video the more you help you where's
yours oh you wait I dude I've been
stored up the water that's what I'm
doing I have 3,000 gallons in a tank and
I know in the mountains you just wait no
I'm just kidding collects like what all
right we're hanging out lager marijuana
neither is he daddy doing it I won't
thank you I'm gonna tag so well it did
it before you who did you tell who did
it well I did Zoey Danny and Corey Vidal
no and cor get it on stage I missed that
ya know I have an idea I gotta wait till
we get back on Monday and you're
involved in it too young lady you want
to be in it too he actually might be the
only one in the never mind I'm not
giving it away yet okay bye love you bye
thought you guys were heading out to
dinner get your armor get it Tyler get
it right Tyler is rolling my I told him
I'm going with the sleeves up tonight
and at home thank you you need all the
help you
I did I did I was rushed out of the room
I couldn't roll my sleeves but Tyler you
look great thank you
yeah I know give me that review me and
Charles we're like the red meat Charles
oh that's that's not fair
he is ruggedly handsome isn't he oh
speaking of ruggedly handsome hello yes
you sir are the rugged handsome one
anyway it's good to see you did hey
thanks yeah
Instagram nerd winner of two teams B
Choice Award I get in there I love that
picture of you and Bethany when you guys
are on stage like an idiot not here
hilarious that's dinner hey hey what's
going on Street Carl here with Dexter
Jackson in the house on a Friday it's
Saturday
look at this motley crew I'm where is it
Saturday all right we're headed out
clintus TV t-shirt same links below hey
what what we're too girly
see I am you great pissed at me have a
girlfriend my shoulders alright go out
to dinner blogger Fair 2014 who had a
good time alright so I just kind of
Pellegrino and it's my new favorite we
look to be like why would you do that
why no okay you know what it tastes like
no it's like I don't want to but I have
to I think he's smart enough now he's I
give that crap on Wendy's 88 it tastes
like crap
happy birthday to you
Charles
it was a parody of your birthday you
still get a wish though I did oh you did
tell us what it is you wish that we
would stop Seattle is a beautiful place
if you live in Seattle or anywhere
around there I'm a little bit jealous
that Puget Sound and it's just gorgeous
I went running had a five and a half
mile run the other morning saw the Space
Needle went down to the Pike Street
Market had some of the best blueberries
I've ever tasted in my life the
antioxidants were extra ant I love you
guys thanks for watching the change arts
vlog we had a blast at vloggerfair if we
met you tweet me a picture I've probably
seen a lot of them I went through the
other night and retweeted about a
hundred of them I'm sorry if you didn't
like that part when last-named your
Twitter feed check out yesterday's
luckily I feel lucky button wants to go
but she doesn't do it there for five
years ago click on that hey please
actually today you know how my gallon
film is today please click on that
feeling lucky button the brand new golf
video that me Casey Logan and Blake all
shot together is live on the shaycarl
Channel and then there's a
behind-the-scenes making-of that video
on the shayloss channel so go please
check those out leave links below to all
those I love you guys we're back it's
Monday we're back in Idaho we love you
guys see tomorrow
