I like them I like a lot
Oh login here okay who's ready to open
this gigantic package I don't think I
saw anybody guess what was in the giant
box from yesterday's vlog any of you
guess anybody thinks they know what it
is all right
we're about to go out here rock charter
the kids have been asking me all morning
dad what are we gonna over the giant toy
package box thingy we don't know what it
isn't a garage
come on dad come on mom okay you guys
ready to open this bad boy okay let's
see what it is let's see what it has in
store for us you guys this is actually a
toy that I played with as a kid this is
one of my favorite toys growing up we
really like you know those toys that you
have that you're like what's one of your
favorite toys growing up this was one of
them I just told Casey I'm like there
are so many memories of me playing one
of these as a kid all right
this is obviously a bigger version of
hoof it oh my goodness okay may I
present to you oh wait which that be
over there yes the whole zoo Simon swipe
a game of memorization fun oh my god and
memory whoever gets the top score on
this wins big time oh my god hey you
ready just go to the box
hey let me try okay Simon swipe carry Oh
depresses your whole head whole hand
princess heart knows how to play it
better than dad knows oh that's hard
thing is remembering the sweat it'll get
harder start using both hands what do
you think guys I'm very disappointed in
my performance
I'll do it again there we go I'm well I
missed it what was it red
blue jeans white dreams white movie boys
right blue reads like she
attacks it oh wow that's a tough one
yeah no green swipe red oh yeah what's
next
top left green ah okay let mommy jar try
hey I like it because it really does
help with memory helps like with mental
clarity and stuff plus it's exciting the
way that are like beeps and lights at
you it's fun
here we go mommy tard can you beat the
Simon swipe that could be a song bad but
warm
I don't know that these are dancing blue
blue red blue red he's getting good he's
getting good ah ha ha ha very tired sir
for the Giants can somebody help her
Gavin pick up your sister okay ready
yellow not too fast slow down Simon
swipe Oh ask me a tough one
help her swipe the whole thing the whole
thing other way
all right Gavin's turn Gavin Butler up
next for the Simon Swift competition
welcome to the 2014 Simon swipe off she
really knows how to hi-fi of a Simon
swipe just a full-contact bodies for is
a full body sport nice good job okay get
the next one
can you go to the next level that's the
question okay hold on your next run ooh
green red green oh that's a tough one
can she get this one oh you hit the blue
you're jumping up alright won't try
buddy alright who can use your whole
head push the red one
okay ready get ready okay yellow yup yup
hey yo Cheerios I think he pushed you at
the same time yeah today okay ready it's
two together
oh okay red to red nope how to like hit
yeah there you go okay two Reds one zero
one to swipe the yellow one like this
swipe swipe it no your head
hey Fred you ready
okay now red and swype green red no no
red already seen worse excellent yellow
red sweat green yellow yellow anything
mean rock chart I score what up what up
alright well if you guys need me you
will be in my office let's try a box oh
we get all fit in here everybody come in
here everybody in the Simon swipe bugs
rock card come on sucker who wants my
family you guys seriously right I'll put
a link below I'll send them to you guys
who wants them I'll ship them off all
right well so you can get the high score
on the Simon swipe whoever gets the
highest score wins an ice-cream cone you
gotta remember react and repeat Simon
swipe it's like different than the Simon
Says come on old people you guys
remember I remember being a kid and
having that Simon Says game or it's like
you had to memorize the patterns now we
try to get so many I get so frustrated
you get in the middle of you're like so
green next was a yellow next so if you
see the assignments wipes out there get
yourself one because they're good for
your brain knowledge it helps like with
you know remember what what's that word
when you like remember you know him if
you're looking to pick yourself up one
of these awesome toys they don't always
come in giant 10-foot boxes there's
actually hand hold one so you can play
it it's just like the old one but it's
probably it's a little bit better
you know you can grip it then you can
slide your hand on these things it's
really cool you guys having a good time
you like the Simon swipe
Simon Says do a dance here you want to
play that one that one's more your size
you play that one okay yeah that's cool
it is kind of fun to plan a giant
four-foot one no two left fun you have
to remember the color so if the blue one
comes up you push the blue one then you
have to remember the pattern okay go
have your sister show you she'll teach
you how to do it they ever get off that
giant one you figure it out you're so
cute
hey come teach your brother how to use
this one I'm sure you are going to be
seen Simon swipes and stores everywhere
but if you want to see one right now get
one check it out links below you guys
know it helps me out when you check out
the links below right thanks okay
Simon's wife okay oh no we are going to
Target and it's fun are you guys excited
no what are you doing before Target leg
that's the Shaytards rock version of hey
this is the closest chick-fil-a yeah and
we are going and then we're going to
target that's a favorite restaurant
chick-fil-a just so hi guys just
delicious
all right we made it I feel bad that she
can't join us today though he's editing
he's doing shaycarl stuff today so me I
mean by shaycarl i meanshe stuff
Shaytards shaycarl Shayla us all this
fun
he's busy so we have to go to
chick-fil-a without him smile your you
don't care curtain Chester I like them
I've like got a lot ha all right you
guys we just finished chick-fil-a and it
was aa did you guys like it yeah don't
hit his awesome and we met she came and
said hi to us
it was one of those things where she
said Colette was like I just heard my
name it was so out of place I was like
oh I show with me though
hi Jay actually I'm Kaylee hi Casey
anything else you wanna say love your
fat slob hi Haley if you're watching
thanks for watching we love you it's
time to get some school supplies because
I plan for everybody needs to go to
school and everybody needs school
supplies looks I know I know oh wow yeah
this section looks fun like that not
today
nope holy Hannah check out the school
supply list it just gets bigger and
bigger and bigger
we got lots of stuff but I'm gonna do a
video on my channel talking about what
we got and stuff like that so you guys
don't have to go check that out it's
okay we're all done you've been such a
good boy you've been so patient so big
so big and so big so big
show them how to do it Brock come show
them how to do it you're so big
do it both times
so big now let him do it himself you did
it alright guys this is my receipt
that's what happened when mama goes to
Target like oh no I'm just kidding um
what we did was we bought a lot of extra
things because we're gonna do something
special with them on my channel so stay
tuned for that yeah we got like dad mom
I promise you this is not a normal
shopping trip haha I did look it's
taller than you my shopping mercy i
taller than you oh my goodness that's
hilarious fast forward to the next day
good morning it is Friday and we are
headed to Seattle coming to vlogger fair
Who am I gonna see there who I gotta see
we gotta catch a flight this morning me
Colette and bro tard once again the trio
is traveling this is the second year
I've been to vlogger fair last year with
Carly and Logan but this year they're
skipping out on me so I'm taking my hot
wife instead I just wanted to add this
clip in the vlog today to let you know
that if you're in Seattle and you don't
have tickets to vlogger fair you should
come see us at vlogger fair done hmm
do I love Idaho because four-wheelers
who doesn't love all-terrain vehicles in
an airport in an airport think about
like if it's in a movie and there's an
apocalypse and there's like a giant
tornado we get on the four-wheeler we're
on the tarmac and then as I'm driving
the four-wheeler under the plane that's
taking off you reach up you grab the
wheels you have the Baby Bjorn strapped
to your chest you grab onto the wheel
you go up into this luggage compartment
I grab onto your ankles and then you
pull me up into the airplane okay check
ready drink in my abs get out in the
wreck do something sit up sorry
lame-o
you're embarrassing me look at all these
people all these people are staring at
Colette mmm-hmm no they're just looking
because they like my camel pants I like
a new backpack - yeah sweet northeastern
round hey I want to do shaycarl
backpacks what look at that that's cool
you gonna take roll that tag I'll
totally wear it you will if I get one
okay hey Dre or that your mom promised
me she wear her daddy's back yet I mean
her husband's that's it I'm her husband
I'm your daddy
Shh yes those teeth coming in yo yo yo
what's up we're in Salt Lake City right
now about to take off for Seattle
excited to meet a lot of you guys at
vloggerfair please click on a vlog of
video or a one two three four or five
years ago but check out the Simon swipe
guys links below it's a lot of fun he
members anybody had a Simon Says when
they're growing up it really was it was
if you ask me like Shane wouldn't want
some of the iconic toys that you
remember having me was growing up Simon
Says he-man castle grayskull calm and a
lot of memories I love you guys thanks
for watching your video we'll see on
Monday have a very special shaycarl
video that we're uploading on Monday
week week I hope you guys like it Tate
love you see them Monday not tomorrow
unless you're a blogger turn that I will
see you tomorrow okay kisses me
