hi I'm logging here alright today is a
very very busy day good morning how's it
going I hope you're ready to have a busy
day with me let's tackle it like a
linebacker
you wanna come welcome let's go don't
come on me
all right today's a crazy day I have got
to get internet service up at the new
property Navy tour has a dentist
appointment I have a bunch of phone
calls I have to make and I have to meet
my builder and all the subcontractors up
at the house oh let's go Brock your
crazy uncle case he's making me laugh
hey uncle Casey Oh what are you doing
hooking up the old rock top trailer
Casey was making fun of me because I
couldn't I was scared cos equus dude I
was afraid beep was behind my tires so I
was going slow and then I got like I got
stuck right there on that is that what I
was like that what daddy was doing was
that scary when Daddy was backing up the
truck yeah all right
no so Blake has already started to line
out the lines of the studio there's
going to be lights up here this is I've
already told you the sound recording
booth have I showed this soundproof
window 3/8 class double pane and then
this is where the podcast is going to
happen when the kids go to sleep we'll
shoot the podcast the desk right here
we're losing all these windows and doors
and then this is going to be a giant
green screen green screen corner and
then you know where we need to keep our
safe stuff and then I think they're
going to be like couches right here with
an editing Bay and like a viewing screen
and then that's going to be a bathroom
there's we tile and then that door will
stay so we need to do something like
this where we need to back the trailer
in here or you know bring a hot
Lamborghini on set and we can hey did
you get did you call about that
Lamborghini for that music video next
weekend that we're going to shoot in
here
yep okay wait what time will it be here
I don't know all right well we're taking
the trailer to go help Carly and Steve
move
jae-joon what's up just love to slope
gauge come on bro you two leave me
hanging oh is that empty yeah any stuff
it's empty
all right here we go all right so we're
headed up to help Carly and Steve move
because they just bought a house and
we're gonna help him move he's want to
see who's hanging out in the truck while
we're doing all this keeping it on the
lock he's eating sunflower seeds is that
good our baby zombie oh gosh I just cut
all this out I'll cut all this out Shay
cut all this out but it's so cute
hey you're daddy's little helper today
huh what do you have in your mouth dude
we got in your mouth blue eyes hey are
you B no you can't give me that dude you
can't eat that you can't just put random
crazy stuff in your mouth let me see hey
let me see open your mouth
give it up dude you can't hide all I saw
it I thought what is it Oh got it
a hall's wrapper dude really look so
guilty Oh dad it tasted good where'd you
find that you're like a little vacuum
they're gonna strap you down your car
seat you're not gonna get any privileges
you can't have some flower seed you
don't have enough teeth maybe you're
hungry you hungry did a kid poor kids
scavenging for everything he can find
all right I'm gonna go get this baby
some food
and then take this trailer down and help
Carly and Steve move come on you're
getting your car seat Oh My heck guys a
deer there's a deer in that pool over
there look at the deer just waiting
through the pool a giant animal
Zeke was just in the next-door
neighbor's pool waiting drinking is he
going to go back to it nope nope nice
I'm gonna check out the barbecue see if
there's any leftover hotdog scraps come
here you big monster
all right we're helping Carly move
that's brother and boyfriend ever
brother is in singular where's the other
two brothers brothers you got there
before you okay keys to the mouth
listen you gotta catch your breath that
one's got Holy One you guys better abs
first you're not playing out my blog
goes way better O'Neil is for oh wow
look what happens I put your couch you
find ball jump there in the middle Carly
yeah right I'll break it in one side and
see if we can get out right out the door
geez am I being directed here today or
what no pressure it's raining huh
covering up the screen you got your
sideways cute bum they may be buff but
they're not the brightest music get that
to that debt Oh Mario Thank You Tetris
is a little more ominous
do-do-do-do-do-do still Mario good job
babe now swing to your right hey raining
oh okay now you go to your right oh that
girl's my pillow oh there goes my leg
perfil osha taki that does not sound
good
all right it's pouring on the vlog Oh
rip anything good Java as a big old
codger Cowboys Carly I like your new
entryway there's a lot of entryway this
really we're getting things done and
Casey's liking but his wife showed up
Hayley brought her baby because she
wanted to lay him on the giant sheepskin
carpet
we had to kill 78 sheep to make this one
carpet oh crap I wish should have told
us that before we made this carpet woman
had to kill all 78 of the sheep sheep
hard that's why I brought it up was it
Joe goes inside Joe came to the first
thing we put in the house with candles
the house has to smell have you ever
shared a sheep I have not but I'm
branded you have had you ever cut it
their balls off no but I've been in the
line in love what the line so what they
do is they grab a baby lamb and they
take it through the line someone I'm
blocking the make-out session behind you
do you want this is getting weird now
huh you got somewhere nice going tell me
about they do cut put a slit in the top
is this your mother information you
should stop this no I would bite him out
her grandpa was a sheep farmer uncle her
uncle used to bite sheep testicles out
of the testicle sack so there's a little
bit of information for you that's the
kind of family we are we bite sheep
testicles out of the testicle sack
anyways we're moving stuff into Carley's
new house fish that was that we did not
kill sheep to make that run it was a
joke yes the biting the testicle thing
though unfortunately was not a joke
howdy ladies and gentlemen Carl here
right here on a shoot a shaycarl video
shoot this is gonna be a fun little
video that we just thought we'd shoot
last minute we're finding that the
videos that we do that's like what if we
did this and it's not like a big
production or big brand deal and it's
just something that we're having fun
doing and as we're making it we're like
let's do this shot let's do this
those are the that's the epitome of
YouTube to me when when we first started
making YouTube videos that's what it's
all about just having a funny idea with
a costume attached to it and kind of
like a rough concept like what if it was
like this and then as we're shooting it
we think of different things nothing
doing
what's going on over what happened
some just funny huh what did I miss
did it go in Oh ball hit Lake in the
balls and I missed it anyways alright so
they're over here getting some shots
look at these outfits these crazy
outfits were wearing and that's the best
way to make youtube videos just like
coming up with stuff with your buddies
and thinking of different shots and like
oh and then we'll do this and then we
know somebody else gets another idea so
we'll see how this one comes out we had
the GoPro set up so it's on the flag the
pin and Blake was just holding it to
make it steel and I was hitting you hit
him hopefully we got it loaded from the
GoPro me and Logan's reaction be good
alright not to get a contract for my mom
new internet serviceability new house
very exciting things going on up at the
property today Internet is being
installed I came up I talked to the two
guys and installing for spice thirty
people in here working right now
landscapers brothers all kinds of people
are getting stuff done up here right
when I told the two guys installing the
internet I said you guys have the very
most important job of anybody here today
so Internet case excited out that
that path lines off looks great
Oh
okay mom who's your favorite kids Carly
and Shane yes two favorite kids Carter
the N shaky favorite kids okay so what I
would like to show some people stuff cuz
my son tried make me look like a bad
person who did oh no oh my god it's
right there
my dog is right there all of you can oh
what's going on is there drama there's
dog comments I haven't seen Logan's
video um hey hot stuff
um mom has her dog what I don't get it I
think you killed your dog you guys she
buried it this is the second one a hawk
killed the last Jackson this is the new
Jackson see what we got to look just
alike you guys don't get into the shade
hurts too deep don't you know I'm saying
like don't get into like the
conspiracies about puppies he's here
we're gonna kill them all anyways
grabbing a farewell Logie Baird party
chickens rotisserie chickens those are
Molly's we virtus read Molly
oh this yeah this is Molly this is what
I'm gonna get up in yeah girlfriend
what's Matt oh you're so beautiful
you're always the best part of the party
15 minutes are you going to smack
yourself I missed it
Oh smack thumbs up in the face
you're crazy monkeys trying to make
everybody laugh it's working
alright somebody's got our socks on
helps you run I'm not even kidding
all right we are training for the New
York City Marathon my ankle hurts
we've gone like half a mile I think my
ankles finally loosened it super we win
it I wish one of us Steve help so we're
trying to get it in all right yeah let's
 go Kenny
love you rock sing forever peace lilies
love you Emily okay everything all right
this is actually really kind of crazy
because I ran this when I play football
my football coach used to say run to the
corner when you ran to the corner this
is the corner you have to run up and
touch the stats hi we're running to the
corner boy nobody puts Baby in the
corner
crazy thing is where I did probably 70%
of all my exercising when I was growing
up in as a kid is in this like 200 miles
and now my son's on the very same field
dude I practiced for 3 years right here
I've sweat more on this patch of grass
than any patch of grass in the world
I've put more sweat onto these blades of
grass than anywhere ever right here but
like was this area I'm feeling nostalgic
you're just jealous I'm so good at
describing my luscious memories I have
all right how was practice football man
was good did you have fun did you do
good what position you gonna play
Center center hiking the ball dude you
gotta have big strong hands for that ok
yeah big strong hands do you get nervous
when your cultures yell 20 40 60
you know all the plays yeah I do you
don't know the place I think out of all
the moms that when Gavin told them what
position use playing I would have had I
had probably I chuckle and Kili boohoo
do you know the place give me a play
right now Graham don't give away that's
a secret see what if the other teams are
listening you can't give away the plays
okay me and Carl you're gonna run home
okay bye
good job see at home we're gonna hike
the ball okay well practice all right
yeah cheesecake okay
that was good hi oh thanks miles
first Miley started out at 10:05 was
hard as uphill then we got to 857 then
933 the 915 846 858 but this last one
was like way up hill yeah hi Becca we
did how many six point six point five
nine in an hour in 47 seconds six seven
eight hours 9 minutes of 13 seconds
actually can you guys chill oh hey I
just realized it's 8:30 at night and I
haven't uploaded a blog oh no hablo
today's blog I got my mile bin forget we
were very busy you're busy today I'm
gonna upload right now sorry yesterday's
vlog was late you guys I'm sorry nobody
wants to hear your excuses sweaty McBee
Reddington just get the videos up and
nobody gets hurt all right
and you better make it longer tomorrow
or I'll love you so much I hate you
thanks for watching check out
yesterday's flow click on a feeling
lucky button and if you want to see what
that Shaytards are doing haha whoa are
they done oh my gosh a tides do it hey
you ever seen a Jay dad do does God do I
don't know what they do what they do is
your dad
check him out you got a cabbage a dad
I'm gonna check out a dad's you tell our
your president get to get your hey Todd
don't you don't do diggin a dad oh
you're glue always Jay doesn't big old
Twitter video voice subscribe get off my
god would you do it
