all right so mommy is mad and sad my
are you friends
through left
all right and we're back to the starting
line we are having the first annual
whatever you can find to race on race
off here in the garage
grandma do we gotta take those training
wheels off those training wheels are
slowing you down dude all right ladies
and gentlemen here we go like I said we
are here at the first annual rock tart
on a bike these two on these okay you
can't use your feet to start okay I just
start all over my awesome
Oh Oh
pounds table so five dude if you don't
have training wheels you'd be so fast
that is a better vehicle all right
nice race yeah I know you won okay baby
turn let's see let's see you guys switch
rock hard can you two get on baby turns
toy let her write that yeah No
those fun bugger off
good job debug the office you got to be
careful you can hurt us hit you're
getting too big you shouldn't get on him
anymore okay
he's young and spry now but alright
Danielle uploaded YouTube video got me
bike hey guys keep racing
alright so mommy is mad and sad I am
gonna tell him why
well I'm happy that son part is starting
football that's a cool thing
Gavin starts football tonight first
practice they practice four times a week
plus games on Saturdays he has pads this
year you guys he's getting a football
helmet he's getting a cup you're gonna
cover your balls dude it's gonna get
crazy this year he's going to be missing
scouts yeah and he's going to be missing
the mother-son activity it's pirate
themed - whoa - I got a mother-son
pirate themed activity or go play
football right now I would like to bring
a football but the thing is they take
football seriously
it's Monday through Thursday yeah six
it's like two hours a night four nights
a week
Yeah right is that right it starts when
extra curricular activities try to steal
my children away from me you gonna let
him you let him play
let him play for one year we'll see if
he likes it make you like it I want to
see him bash some heads out there on the
field
I can't restrict him from learning new
activities because I want to have a
pirate date with him I like Foer
I love dog weight just like a Hellmuth
they actually have yeah he's gonna have
a helmet yeah we have like a helmet and
he's gonna like hit people Tasha she
goes no Holly what he's not going to the
moon
congratulations you going to the moon
what are you talking about
oh that's not an earring it's a mouth
guard so you don't bite your tongue off
you thought that was an air thing no
because people I have like comes up and
they have this thing attached their
helmet but they Sekhar move down our
guard I try to think if she's thinking
about something else
you mean like when you watch football
that's a mouth guard what is she talking
about scolded oh you found a heart Rock
that's cool let's not I literally could
show y'all my mouth card it's a football
it's so they don't bite their tongue off
there's no oxygen let go of it oh the
look at our cute little daughter she is
so cute today did you have a good lunch
did you have a good lunch
hey little hey Dax Tina hi Dax Tina did
you have a good lunch today baby tarde
quit putting bows on this kids hair
thank you you gonna start crawling soon
huh a my mom and my mom I like to make
this a lot all right well nonetheless
son tarde has his very first football
practice tonight and this is crazy cuz
this is when I started playing fifth
grade no fourth grade fifth grade fifth
grade you start playing and it's serious
I think he's gonna play for the Cowboys
so we'll see how he likes it okie dokie
alright tell me oh yeah that's a mouth
guard that's not oxygen that's what he
just that's like a piece of plastic that
molds to his teeth so he doesn't bite
his tongue off it's not oxygen you'll
see I love she thought it was oxygen
that was smart though how would you have
known that's a good idea
do what if they incorporate mouth guards
with oxygen that shoots air into your
mouth you could have just thought of a
multi-billion dollar idea there you go
that's a free one Nike and Reid
walk just drink out of it for water
instead of carrying a we just took or
you put water in the helmet water oxygen
and it prevents you from biting your
thumb off so smart your genius you come
over that helmet technology okay printer
starts coming up with the newest in NFL
helmet technology we're talking about
oxygen water if you want Powerade we can
get you gummy fruits whatever it comes
right through your helmet you guys
fixing a door out here feel very must
talk and a lot more a lot more action a
little less dog luckily come with a
suburban for me why are you fixing the
hole dude punched a hole in your doors
right well that was a peep hole to begin
with I try to make a peep but it's in
the wrong that doesn't look like a
hateful entering right I don't see any
people out here all see rody where'd you
get this store you just bought it you're
gonna cut it out I wouldn't bought it we
cut it right now we're doing hinges I'm
gonna paint it yeah
Logan moved out on his own he's a big
man now I make my own business hours
Logan does his own thing dad you can't
tell him what to do he's his own man now
dad super rhymer tell him tell him
something that you're gonna do with your
life Logan that he can't tell you what
not to want to go fishing next week dad
will you do about that Dad fishing
he doesn't fishing he decided he didn't
want two sons oh no I bought this when I
was doing my own granite I bought this
to cut strips to do templating for my
granite we cut that off yeah that's what
I used to use it for actually it's
cutting strips like that make your the
right wing look at that that's a little
mini table saw in diameter to the
millimeter all the way through cool all
right Deb I'm gonna send you a bell for
using my table saw by the way
okay so I'll let you know okay bye guys
I don't know why but it cracks me up
watching these two go at it so this is
tour soon we're just talking about how a
guy came in Oh Zeke we're just saying
how Zeke's like I think I should be in
charge but Tyson's dog is a huge
chocolate lab bigger than most labs and
he's mister in charge and so they're
having a who's in charge off right now
they're standing up straight they're
doing a lot of growl and sticking their
hair up dad am I in charge dad no I'm in
charge on dad who's in charge off going
on right now
all right here's Casey LaVere oh we
found the thing for the thingy I'm such
a good fight you're a good finder of
things
all right so Tyson's up here again
working his freakin butt off getting art
what's up here again I already said it
once honestly every time you say you
have to say when I call him in the
morning like hey what's up touch rules
upon me but if you don't know the
history of toys food it's an old vlog of
Casey's it's kind of like this inside
joke and I don't know why I was I was
yelling Tyson right I'll leave a link
for it's Casey's video anyways Tyson has
people going in his cupcake shop for
those of you who do know Tyson story
asking if tour soon is there that makes
me happy go there what's a call what's
your cupcake shop called it's in Logan
Utah temptation cupcakes go in and just
open the door and say toys ooh and
nobody come care yeah then walk out run
out as fast again they're not cupcakes
are like brownies they're so chewy all
right dude check this out dude our
trails come together nice free
like that oh it's soft yeah when we walk
up and down it a hundred times
yeah dude that's me a sweet little trail
going up take this off Tyson's building
us a trail yeah just up and down this
trail we'll run our for miles in Kate's
tread for miles
we're in the killer we're up in the
mountains
looking good Tyson oh you guys art has
come to life
Rock Turk what are you getting messed up
flying I love Superman so much you don't
know lucky socks huh okay give them say
I want to buy these Superman socks
please I'll buy this Superman stop all
right and I won't be like the character
a nice Peter song so I won't be like the
character a nice Peter song here's that
yes my tattoo right this who knows that
sound Superman sucks
I don't know bells jiggle bounce bounce
bounce to the bounce what do you say
Betty princess
well we're just carrot winners the whole
family I'll get the wing full of alright
Gavin just said his first football
practice
and you guys listen the coach asked to
played soccer and Gavin raised his head
he was the second best kicker on the
team he made three film goals three
field goals seriously the first ones and
make a few bills yeah yeah so take that
other ten-year-old kids my kid could
kick a field goal better than you my
betcha my kid could kick a football that
frickin mountain sorry the vlog is late
tonight guys I had a busy day there's a
lot going on we are trying to get our
new house ready so we can move in by the
time school starts which is in a couple
weeks
so we're really stressing about feeling
like we're in limbo we're living out of
a suitcase you know we moved to Idaho a
month ago and we've been living out of a
suitcase since then all of our stuff is
in our garage so we're really trying to
focus on getting our house done so that
we can get moved in and finally have a
home like a home base we're not living
out of my parents house so sorry the
vlogs late but we love you here's it was
sweet still vlogged come on be happy man
choose happiness it's a Shaytards blog
yo sit alright thanks love you guys see
you tomorrow don't be late
promise don't be mad come on oh gosh
