Brandl shaycarl take one it is a brand
deal today today as a brand deal day I
have to do a brand deal today it's
interesting talking about doing branded
content on YouTube in front of you guys
right it's like it's not a secret so the
brand deal today is one we're going
running to get ready for the UNICEF
marathon but Casey's not doing it cuz
he's a loser
I have do you promise this was supposed
to be a siblings race and we were gonna
do together races and it was not Kasey's
listen Eddie did the tough letter e to
the grand 26.2 Maci's going hunting
instead of coming with us
so me and Carly are doing the marathon
anyways audible.com slash Shaytards I
know don't think is secure playlist
we've run a while music he's like punch
I was a say I was talking about running
in Los Angeles and the oxygen down there
you can breathe so much better and then
breathe in up here it's so much harder
to breathe but when you get in the kind
of shape or you can just go out and run
audible.com slash Shaytards I don't need
you get secure playlists we run a while
and ghost music it's like one punch I
would say I was talking about running in
Los Angeles and the oxygen down there
you can breathe so much better and then
breathe in up here it's so much harder
to breathe but when you get in the kind
of shape or you can just go out and run
1015 miles listening to a book on tape
that you would download from audible.com
slash Shaytards when you get in that
zone where you can just like go for five
miles and you like blackout and then all
of a sudden you come to you're like I
was just listening to this book and I
ran five
dad you almost read over my brother hey
Carl not you in the head yesterday with
an arrow yeah you did hey would you
consider getting an audible.com slash
Shaytards account here's one of us no no
we're going running why do you bring a
jack-in-the-box up here when you know
we're marathon trading my you sappy boys
since I was 12 years old which is
something like 46 years ago I have been
eating this delicious treat audible.com
dad show me your gut
you should let you down audible.com is
water boy you're not helping the
situation like Christopher Walken yeah
we're going running for miles
fires ok go fix some tires are you gonna
fix the lawn mower tire get that trailer
tire thing figured ok get it tuned up -
that would be sweet I want to mow the
lawn tonight ok ok ok bye ok anyways you
guys so today's video ok so let's try
out this is also what I was gonna say
links below audible.com slash Shaytards
listen to books wow you run wow you
clean while you walk to school it's like
you're killing two birds with one stone
you're learning knowledge and
information and/or you're exercising or
you're commuting or you're getting
something done I love it it's it's a
great way to multitask and learn new
things well that's why I feel so good to
go I listen to a book and run I'm like
as I'm going I'm just like I invite my
life is getting so much better right now
I'm learning and exercising what is that
coyote poop oh it is yeah
in our driveway that's not good Casey
just sniffed it out he can tell coyote
poop anyways so I couldn't upload Friday
YouTube's broke and you guys knew
everybody was tweeting about YouTube not
working and so this video that's today
which is Monday this clip is right now
right now what I did today but this is
the video that I tried to upload on
Friday but couldn't because YouTube was
broken
I tried seven times didn't work I tried
all throughout the day my mom's calling
me love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
here's Friday's video love you bye good
morning Los Angeles how's it going I
love this balcony
it's so cool like when you wake up and
you're tired and just like come on
Center on this balcony be like oh it's a
beautiful day palm trees the oceans
right over there it's the Hollywood sign
not really because they're small but
it's gonna be a beautiful day but I am
gonna be sitting in here at this couch
for most of the day trying to write a
book so Paulette and Kaylee and the kids
all just took off the head to maker
studios to go shoot stuff for the moms
view and basically I'm going to be
sitting right here most of the day just
typing away on that computer we'll see
how it goes
so yeah I'll be right here if you need
me Hey
Hey he's been playing peek-a-boo with
everybody here all right this is the
baby really yellow changer thanks we got
this is that you I didn't bring you know
I like that it's here I love these
little beads like but I think I got it
oh good I didn't know if I should use it
or not yeah yeah all these moms feel we
have a new show on the moms because
mommy and me and it's gonna be crazy on
some stairs but watch it I think it's
out now by the time this goes up it will
yes
whoo anyways we're shooting moms for you
stuff and baby stuff today and it's a
good time I like being in a way to shoot
this stuff and I love this table this
has all the tapes but I'm gonna go for
these instead of these these are these
okay gotta be healthy blame my goal is
to go till I just can't stand anymore
then I'm probably gonna go for a bike
ride I need to go for a bike ride you do
something to do marathon training today
so writing books and training for
marathons those are hard things Taylor
why don't you go over here and help me
instead of stared at that wave the whole
time I need some assistance I also just
got off the phone with Corey Vidal and
we were talking about vlogging mentary
things are happening you guys we are
still working on the movie in fact I
have a meeting tomorrow that's a very
important meeting and hopefully after
that meeting I will know when I can
announce the exciting things that are
hopefully happening so it's like that
it's frustrating because it's like this
thing might be happening but we don't
know yet we're waiting we have to have
this meeting then we can tell you guys
so we are working on the movie trust me
it is happening lot of stuff is going on
and then I just dawned on me I'm trying
to make a movie write a book and train
for a marathon at the same time why am i
doing that that's like you should do one
of those things at a time you should
either write a book make a movie or
train and run a marathon not at the same
time why do I do this to myself it's
stressful
and I've told myself do not plant any
other projects Shay you get your movie
done you write your book and you run
that marathon and then you're taking a
vacation do not plan anything else do
not ask me to do anything else
my goal in life is to get those three
things done when I get those three
things done I'm gonna retire I am I'm
gonna retire I'm quitting I'm gonna
sleep for six months I am a grow out my
beard and my chest hair which I've
already done and I'm gonna find a cave
and I'm gonna hibernate in Idaho I can't
wait
seriously think about having a book done
a movie done and running that marathon
it just seems like a mountain of work
all three of those things are mountains
of work that just dominate my mind and
scare me it's funny do you guys do this
do you ever have big things it's like
you keep procrastinating because you're
like that's there's so much stuff that I
don't know how to do so I have to learn
how to do it and then do it do it though
one day at a time one day at a time
brick by brick all right I like vlogging
because I it's safe oh you just talked
to you guys I know how to do that I can
do that right now really easy as soon as
I put this camera down I have to do the
hard things I don't know how to do to
learn how to do them and then do them
okay I gotta go
I love you wish me luck all right I'm
getting ready to shoot this is our set
we got ships results onset with this
round huh oh that's what's so different
like what is different anything table it
is notice we've got a new table I didn't
know I would I was sitting here going
there is something different
his lips are moving
what side so you can hear we're just out
of get together we've got all of them I
know right it's been a while how all of
us here having a party at Sarah's house
and let me show you her backyard
awesome right I think the word I want to
use is whimsical you just got like these
garden party nest type backyard look at
this
isn't it beautiful I love it it's
beautiful
anyway they keep trying to get this baby
to talk cuz the other day he was like
talking I don't think that he knew what
he was saying but he was mimicking what
I was saying yeah hair in my mouth fix
it Jackson pick it get the hair out of
my mouth
hey dad dad all right one of these days
check out this bench - that gave the
Rangers sitting on do you like that
bench I love it it's like a swing but a
bench it's much more safe for ya
I love it I love it back here you know
me California's really awesome that I
also do not miss it like I love being in
Idaho it's really crowded here the
traffic was crazy coming over here so
I'm glad to be back
yeah what else I got here in my mouth
okay I gotta get it out alright we're
going down the creepy hallway of lockers
it's scary down here me and Tommy I
remember which Locker was ours means you
have an always freaked out to come down
here I'm gonna get my bike and want a
bike ride I can't remember which one is
ours there's a lot of doors
I'm gonna try a couple and see if I get
an e right yeah dude first try so proud
of myself so proud of myself I'm just
like oh yeah all right I think um this
is my bike but it has a flat tire I
think Casey's bike hopefully has some
good air in it come on oh that feels
good alright I think I'm going for a
bike ride
yes I am okay let's go to the beach
look at this motley crew we got Marcus
engaging really Marcus odd you know that
Bryce is that you're his brother he
thinks you're his brother
he saw in the in the baby swag producer
director for that huh you like them okay
I got to go get his burgers guys I'm
sorry I got to go catch him hold on oh
my goodness he's gonna pull himself up
he's really trying he got really close
hey we didn't do it we has a cops really
bad two guys just so you know what he
gave up you never like try for very long
try again if you don't succeed try try
again I have the hiccups guys the kind
that shake your whole body
I thought I was into it okay
you can do it you could oh now you're
stuck aren't there good well scratch
that I guess I'm not going to the beach
the tires were not as full of error as
they seemed to be when I sat on the bike
they are flat I do not have a pump and I
was think about going and running when I
ran eight point two miles last night I
can't stop bragging about that because I
was so excited to be able to go that far
it's definitely because I can breathe
the oxygen it's rich or here has more
oxygen in it so I'm going to do some
weights which I already have been for
like 30 minutes
and now I'm gonna run 5 miles on a
treadmill because it's easier to run I
feel like on my knees and joints because
it's kind of like motioned so I'm gonna
do five treadmill miles here we go
alright five miles on the treadmill that
was very difficult man my feet hurt
but I feel good got a good sweat on what
step closer okay two days in a row here
in California I got a sweet workout dude
it's just like one more and it's true it
gets easier and easier every time and I
can feel myself getting stronger it's
just you gotta you gotta do those first
two weeks you don't start seeing results
to like I found like after two serious
weeks of exercising every day but then
from there that motivation cycle gets
started and it's like I can't wait to be
in the shape that I know I'm gonna be in
when I cross the finish line at the New
York City Marathon that's why it's great
to set goals like signing up for races
because then you have something to work
towards I know that when I finish the
New York City Marathon the type of
conditioning and the way that my body
will look when I'm able to do something
like run 26.2 miles is so exciting like
I remember how I felt and looked when I
was crossing the finish line of
marathons so I haven't done that in a
while
and my body has like sludge down into
this different state because I haven't
signed up for any marathons because I've
been afraid
because they're painful but once you do
them it's awesome and I feel amazing
right now so sign up for a race I've
said that before sign up for a 5k don't
sign up for a marathon if you can't run
anything just do a 3k just anything get
your friends to sign up do something
together man it feels amazing I cannot
wait I keep telling Ron I was talking to
Ron Ron had a broken leg his doctor told
him that he cannot run that he cannot do
the New York City Marathon but he has
been running I said dude the day that we
cross that finish line and we are in New
York City
hugging sweaty bodies together it is
gonna feel so good and all these videos
and him breaking his leg and trying to
get back into it it's gonna feel so
amazing so November 2nd can't come soon
enough
I just gotta work as hard as I can every
day and tell them all right so if you're
getting feeling motivated do it are you
happy you're home again hey if you want
to go get it all over there and get it
it's okay babe
did you even did you even bring your
camo pants Shay at least I brought mine
see there's no place like Hamel pannier
so much no place like home against what
let's be honest I'm already awesome at
caravan camel pants Queen right here
he's trying to crawl when's Winston
gonna crawl
that's a baby's okay if you want this
food you gotta go get it
oh and now he's distracted yeah will he
get it ladies and gentlemen tune in
tomorrow to find out if he crawls to the
bowl of orange when I was that crap what
do we feed that baby that was a no that
was a lame Indian I feel and then we
went to the movie I don't know why I
didn't film it I was so tired last night
we went to teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
I'm not gonna lie I don't want it just
go see it I do you want my opinion
cover your ears if you don't I didn't
like it I was like what no way I don't
know who's seen it Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles anyways then we came home and
went to bed and passed out okay I love
you guys you know the deal this is the
end slate these are options for you to
click on subscribe if you haven't
subscribed to our channel subscribe
click on yesterday's blog click I want
to feel lucky button 1 2 3 4 5 ok I love
you guys thanks for hanging in with us
as we are away from the children
I miss them I want to bite them it's so
good have a little Daxi pants here I can
wrestle him but I missed the other ones
we'll be home soon love you bye
