what shenanigans are the shaders up to
this time oh boy let's tune in to see
yes yes running back to the finish line
Japan whose phone is it sorry sorry I
put on silly
okay guys hello we had a weed stop it so
much talent hey Paxton we're actually
here not necessarily for helming
costumes yet but they're gonna get some
costumes probably because it's yeah we
might got some kept me cuz ones remember
with this shoot I got consummated yeah
we're gonna see if we can find another
Captain America shield in here but we're
getting more costumes because we're
gonna be doing some flip oh hey guys
could watch some mom see over those but
I'm not gonna tell you what costumes
were getting over my go in there and
check out okay oh I don't need
everything remember we did it yeah they
thought they saw well maybe if you
didn't see it go check out the ring
thing that we did on Sunday okay Kevin
I'm not gonna have a baby I'm not
pregnant I'm not planning on you guys I
would like to eventually but not right
now okay right okay through and answer
that question number seven five five all
right we're here look Dex you want to
wear this one draw tummy onna
oh so cute oh my gosh so cute I think
the girls superhero costumes are the
best those are awesome
cute cute cute wow there's a lot of
options here my goodness the
three-headed
dah what's up named fluffy fluffy
it's scary dad who do you think they are
kind of crazy oh my gosh they are
smoking scary Jackson likes being scared
sit this is that girl do you want that
for a pet we're in the mountains Avia
has cross-country match today and only
for girls that are running out here in
the mountains I'm like look there's a
mountain right out there see so I said
come on let's go run and we'll meet him
halfway
but man you see me clouds there are some
cool I mean I think when you do a time
lapse time lapse and yes time cloud
table when I go keep it just roll it
okay so we found the trail now we're
just waiting for her to come you think
she's a boat here
I hope she's almost here think she's
what the what is wiser but what's going
on let's start running let's do a
marathon let's sign up right now let's
say upper half in the next month or two
half marathon yes yes no what you need
two months max oh you're holding me back
you're holding me back you're you're
making me fat it is your fault that I'm
tough as the Rays break through the
cloudy sky to the valley floor below
the dry lipped booger picker walks the
trail say your name yeah well hopefully
they'll be coming trotting down the
trail here any time we need some course
officials to please tackle the mother on
the course is a tough course it's very
hilly it kind of goes up and down like
this racing give it all you got if you
get a medal
yeah I don't go brown fur alright let's
finish line and this is like the last
mile it's like Hill little not even
really a flat spot then another giant
hill that's steep running back to the
finish line
I mean sorry line that's Onix but I
didn't but that's what I would say yeah
but that's what's the same you start
finishing the same ice
so by now it's officially okay hey guys
this is a pointless good like my friend
of the jail cool huh
oh we mr. Bing look what the boys are
there good job there's grandma there's
grandma oh yeah this bone is sorry sorry
I put on sailing I promise island this
sure had a girl yeah all right mm burst
action what shenanigans are the shaders
up to this time oh boy let's tune in to
see Oh looks like mommy thar took it up
in electrical but actually do you mean
II lost it Brooke what's going on dude
talk to me are you getting a Halloween
setup right now
well tune in to the mom's view tomorrow
Collette went and got an outfit for
Daxton oh he's wearing right now we're
not gonna show it you have to check it
on the moons you but Brock wanted this
costume I guess even putting makeup on
him was pretending because it's fun
Brock what is the name of this costume
what I know who named name this movie
quote I've got a Blue Fairy for a
daughter named it huh don't walk in
chocolate tell em they're supposed to
guess in the comments steppin a lemon
door
well I was hoping to get some more
comments you know we're trying to get
that social interaction going here on
our YouTube channel
isn't that like suffocation
possibilities
ah that doesn't seem safe to me okay
let's see the final Emmy I want to see
enough makeup get out of there
we want to get the final looks chubby
get you oh don't look at Jax's outfit
what I didn't mean to go watch the moms
view okay time time here rush me we got
another sport more sports Martha oh you
know why you can't get out because you
peed on your shoes
don't pee on your shoes oh I know but
these ones won't fit you need some
jackets you need everything that you can
see but you need a blue jacket I was
very specific he needs a jacket a blue
jacket and some shoes that he didn't pee
on the 50 the Gavin need some wrestling
shoes he's gonna start wrestling okay I
think we've made our decision
he likes these all-black cool ones with
the gold ends on the shoelaces cool so
cool
right go wrestle wrestle me up some grub
kay the dork all right apparently we got
some major sumo wrestling going on down
in the sumo wrestling careful we'll
be whacking heads on bed posts and
doorknobs get him let's get out leave me
with oh gee
careful Emmie come tackle this guy we'd
have a blob off oh well you're gonna
bonk your head silly you gotta be
careful there's a head underneath that
big soft okay we gotta go right let's go
Care pull Gavin come pusher by the
loveSac not the corner of the pool table
we've got a blueberry and a dream berry
and a blueberry what he done I was a
Navy astern i alright Daxton bunk his
head oh it's all right dude that was a
really cool move you ran and tackled
Emmy you just bonked your eyeball socket
on her head you gotta be careful now
everybody
you could have helmet sumo wrestling
yeah all right especially when you give
a hospital school hilarious
