if I think the flooding baby through the
airplane
enjoy
your hair looks cute darling like it
yeah fun
you guys there's going to be a new
haircut video on Google X channel I'm
going to edit it tonight because I'm
such a good
do they edit their wife's videos for
them
because their wife's so know how to end
it
how is just right
books I guess that's one way of looking
at it
go to la do check it out one two three
more suits all the glass out
radio Scooby
how many how many airplanes to this for
him
there are a lot of air please
we go we feel bad because we forgot to
let you guys say goodbye to the kids
they're going to be with Colette's
sister for four days in Idaho so they'll
just be hanging out there yet just us to
deal with we're always rushing know fast
hurry let's go we're late all those are
common words used in our vocabulary
baby
the slugging leave you to the airplane
we could pick this up it's Kalei dawn
alright buckle that baby and let's go
let's go hey is there a bunch of kids in
here hi hi little boy so here I am
walking down an alleyway Clos it's a
target I wanted to go get some supplies
I want it to go for a walk and do some
writing on my book but now I don't have
a keys and I'm walking down an alleyway
waiting for Colette to come back to the
apartment but it's beautiful writing
books is hard I don't know if we can do
it I'm gonna do it I am I'm writing hey
baby boy we're in California that means
we have to go shopping your target no
really we forgot some stuff for the
babies and we need to stock up for stuff
for the babies so we're here at Target
Shay's with Cassim uploading a video and
so here we are again holiday yeah are
you you too baby
what's YouTube say I am to you I am
Groot how many of you guys saw that
movie and have been saying that all day
long me I am Groot yes oh are you baby
Groot so get this Here I am in Venice
Beach California
look call failed call failed Oh check
that out no service oh wait one one
Verizon oh is no service a second ago
and you think yourself if you're in Los
Angeles California America you should
have a pretty good cell phone service
especially when it's a major cell phone
provider
I have better cell phone service up on
the mountain where I live in Idaho
this isn't that crazy we're up on that
mountain it's easy to make calls and
send texts but here I am in the middle
of Los Angeles like
I call my wife crazy look tracy krause
trip seriously I gotta call my wife
though hold on we have to walk around
I'm gonna go climb on top of a mountain
that I can call my wife how you doing
Los Angeles all right so I'm here at the
apartment I'm not gonna waste any time I
want to just relax but I can't I must go
out and run on this Beach
whoo I just got excited um yeah I got a
train for a marathon Collette and Kaylee
just went to go to the counter which is
the most delicious hamburger like make
your own awesomeness to get food and I
said no I'm going for a run so I'm gonna
try Oh am i trying to make it to the
pier and back that would be like seven
miles I don't know we'll see how I feel
anyways I'm gonna go running in the Sun
here we go you guys remember I'm doing
the New York City Marathon November 2nd
I gotta be ready I got three months I
have got to run hard today
so here we go I'm not gonna take the
camera because I got to focus on running
Kay but I'll cut to what I'm all sweaty
I'll take some pictures go check out my
Instagram pictures of my run on my
Instagram blinkered Jaden do something
shame doesn't work here anymore I'm in
charge of all Shaytards editing
here's that Instagram picture he said
hey Joe yeah what'd you do with Shane
Daniel are all right shopping is all
over an hour at the best burger place in
the world oh okay
maybe not in the world but it's really
good I mean every day maybe in the world
maybe in my world I actually wish I
didn't know about this place your
everything oh I just we discovered this
place when we went and had the talk with
Sun tarde we went to eat at the counter
afterwards
it's the counter burger and they just
have burgers and sandwiches and you know
fries and it's just like a normal burger
place but it's so neat
which it was a little Oh what he's
looking at picking it up like it cuz
like he's looking at his belly this is
like yeah I've said Mike I went to
learning burgers in there baby love him
so Caelian are pretty much splurging and
Shay's running I should have gone
running no I shouldn't have oh sorry
honey we're getting you a salad though
yeah
there's mommy car cheese on the
telephone dude you guys does it look
like I just ran eight point two miles
because I just ran eight point two miles
which is insane because the last time I
were running I did six miles in it I
could barely barely barely do it
so the fact I just did eight point two
miles is huge makes me excited on a
breaker now get sick of it um but you
know what was crazy I could tell a huge
difference in the altitude the sea level
oxygen so delicious just take just zips
of it it's all you need just little
you're running like just little sips of
this sea level oxygen it was so the
reason I couldn't run farther is because
my muscles whenever I started marathon
training I always said to myself there's
three systems to my body of this
training the first system is your lungs
like how well can you go at this
heightened pace and still breathe the
second one and this is where you kind of
get too mixed up I like your tendons and
your muscles is another one like can
your like actual legs like push you you
have the muscles like the back muscles
the stomach muscles the leg muscles you
know to go it and then you're like your
bones and your tendons does your knees
hurt your tendons hurts like which
reason do you have to stop running out
of those three is it because you can't
breathe is because your muscles just
can't push you or is because your knees
or joints or ankles or feet hurt or
something like that so it's like getting
those three systems in balance and
tonight my lungs were fine I was
breathing I could have probably had a
conversation with somebody but my knees
and like my legs and like my bath and
shoulders they were not so it was
interesting but it
good to run a sealable because i'm
trying to talk about my marathon
training you're doing Tom Cruise Mission
Impossible stuff on the bathroom thing
whatever you call it
countertop they're going to install our
countertops this weekend while we're
here in LA I'm bummed about that so I
wanted to be there for it anyway it's
did an eight-point-two mile run and I'm
feeling great Carly
I'm training for the New York City
Marathon you guys were doing the New
York's here I suited up a shot notice
every link below cake help us donate to
UNICEF okay I'm gonna have a salad now
Haley I scared the crap out of Kayla you
guys you want to tell him tell him well
I was carrying all that so wait wait
wait Kaylee came on Monday right we just
got her tonight so and I turned the
corner and I was just dark enough and
their sweaters is right there oh you
left her there I thought it was a real
person that second like so many things
were questions it's one of those scares
because it's so quiet you see as you go
oh you're like you lose your breath I
left the Taylor Swift in the door so
that when Kaylee got here it would scare
her and it did pay to answer you guys
this question a lot of you guys were
been asking the note behind here is just
all those girls information the girls
who gave us this and I assume they pry
don't want us to put that on the
internet right girls wants to put your
phone number on their mom's on the phone
your mom's hot phone babe mom mom what's
for dinner what's for dinner so rude you
guys alright let's wait some dinner
fast-forward to the next morning all
right hi I know as a short vlog today I
think I only saw ten minutes of footage
in there so I thought well I better film
a little last clip he has one on a long
video it's so weird how perception of
length of videos has changed over the
shade heart history because back in the
day if I did a five-minute video that
was a long video and then I got up to
ten minute video
it's like if I do a 20 minute video
that's almost like standard now like but
back in the day I remember the first
time I did a 17 minute video and we're
calling Charles tripping being like dude
my vlog today is 17 minutes and he's
like holy crap that's so long I know I'm
like it's crazy I know I'm gonna just do
it I have a lot of good footage I don't
even care I'm gonna put it all in and
now like there's videos you know I've
done hour-and-a-half videos it's insane
how this this whole thing has changed
which brings me to the nostalgic point
of 2000 videos I missed that man like I
saw it come I saw your tweets I saw you
guys telling me about it I don't even
know what this is is this 2001 or 2002
anyways the Shaytards have made 2001 or
two videos and that's crazy that's a
cool big round number 2,000 videos and I
think about that as like a chunk of time
like a section of history so much has
happened in those three in 2,000 videos
I just think about all the thumbnails of
all those 2000 videos I have some video
ideas I want to do I want to make a
video of every single Shaytards
thumbnail and like put it to music would
that be sweet anyways so thank you
however many Chatard videos you have
watched maybe this is your very first
Shaytards video guess what there's a lot
of reruns oh my goodness so here's what
I gotta out freaking balls monkeys
pardon my language you guys my ankle
hurts
I ran 8.2 miles last night and I feel
like a million dollars um except for I'm
sore my knees and my calves and my
ankles were like oh oh so I'm a drink
impaired a it's all gone and Colette is
at the mom's view shoot at maker studios
my job today is to write a book
that's why I'm here I don't really have
any shoots I have a few meetings
tomorrow but like just two small
meetings but I basically just came to
hang out with Colette and write my book
that I'm working on and it's difficult
and it's hard but me in this box of
cheez-its are gonna figure it out okay
first I got at this vlog but me and you
buddy what is this doing here I can't
I'm gonna be sick
cut to three hours later I'm
two-and-a-half boxes of cheez-its in
passed out on the couch how cool that
comes in
honey dry your book today oh well I just
thought she's it so that everything went
black not a cheez-its bran deal anyways
alright so we're in LA the kids are
safely in the hands of the capable
sister of Colette Colette sisters
capable hands Candice I think she's been
tweeting some pictures of them cam
delicious what's her Twitter Candace
what's your Twitter shoot I'll look at
my Instagram guys no figure it out it's
not hard click around some links someone
anyways so I'm going to edit and then
upload and then write a book feels good
to be an LA man it is sunny Southern
California at its finest and Charles
Trippy hey speaking of Charles Trippy I
heard you're trying to grow your beard
out bigger than mine bro oh that's
pretty big it's pretty beefy and don't
you can dude bring it on anyways love
you guys will say Oh tomorrow also I
just want to say that as we hit 2000
videos our views right now are better
than they have ever been since we've
ever done Shaytards
thank you to everybody who has joined
this family every single video is
averaging over 700,000 views after
probably 48 72 hours every single
Shaytards video has over seven hundred
and seven thousand views so thank you so
much you freaking awesome dudes it's
crazy I want to quit I feel like I want
to like slow down but how do I because
the views are so good right now so
thanks for hanging out man we're
chugging along kisses look at his head
slain it's so gorgeous
eleven clogged on a video love you guys
see you tomorrow oh oh also thanks to
everybody who's tweeting me pictures of
seeing baby swag on the news it was on
The Huffington Post people are hearing
it on their radio chest Asians baby swag
is going viral I love that video it's so
good I've watched it 10 times
I think the second half is like better
angel gets like really tough in that
second half of the song so thank you to
all of you guys who have been tweeting
me that click on the feelin lucky button
if you have not yet seen Colette
gangster rap click on the film lucky
button click on that gorgeous brunette
right there that I married mmm we're
gonna go on a date tonight to just live
tell you again see you bye
