hi I'm logging here oh my goodness I
normally don't vlog and drive but look
at this rain storm Wow I just got a
flash flood warning on my phone it is
coming down like crazy Oh My heck it is
a but smelling session up here there are
so many butts to smell look at this Zeke
you're the tallest nobody getting a
fight all right everybody just get along
we got boxers we got lab lots of labs
yellow labs chocolate lab black labs
great beans all the constructions being
done up here everybody has a dog
so everybody brings their dog up here
how cool is that huh everybody gets over
there neighbor dogs to just coming over
here oh wow we all these no blogs get
out of there you're not getting the
truck
tell em case get all tell em to get off
the port all right it's a precipitating
all support all the dogs are so people
would get under the porch get under the
porch go under the porch no under the
porch Zig having a good time he's like I
love it out here man it's my gonna
whether these guys are hating it just
enjoy it
ah yeah that's refreshing huh it's now
raining harder than I've seen it rain in
a long time
they are River going down the road that
is good precipitation we made that Zeke
was smart enough to run under the porch
but then he just ran back out and he
wants to be out in the rain he was under
the porch now he wants to get on the
porch I want to show you guys a little
bit of good old hometown America I
played baseball for this carpet company
wall-to-wall carpet I think it's just
like a local carpet place here in town
and when I was 9 years old I played
baseball this was like our sponsor we
had it on our jerseys wall-to-wall
carpet so crazy and this building has
looked exactly the same for the last 20
years I like to support local they were
there to support me swimmer to support
them now they're giving my kids balloons
it's fun to play on the carpet at the
carpet store huh you know the funnest
thing to do is go run and jump on the
rolls of carpet
he doesn't sure that's the coolest thing
running barefoot oh yeah is that what
you want for your room let me see just
have like a rug when I get when I like
right cuz where there's gonna be two
sinks and me and Gavin's bathroom oh I
saw that that's gonna be like your bath
mat yeah or in baby's hair could have
this one cool start crawling lame-o come
on Dex carpet carpet carpet carpet
carpet carpet carpet carpet every I la I
I do not know how to make decisions I
don't know if you guys knew that already
but it's very difficult for me to make
decisions and I'm trying hey what are
you doing video of me you're so cute
yeah thanks for being patient with me
guys I just picked out carpet before
ours is awesome hahahahahaha and we
actually didn't pick it out we went home
with a sample can't believe you just
pull a trigger why did you do that
because I want to go look at it with the
paint right ladies all right
so anyways we're gonna go hold this up
to the paint and see which color were
like best I know
Dax did I know you wanted the red one
but we're not getting red in the house
oh he's so picky such a dude you have
been doing baby look calm in it so proud
we want balloon betadine yellow what
what if I'll just use orange knows it's
a disaster oh no there's no yellow I
guess you're a disaster none orange
ticket love it
every time when the cameras on he
doesn't laugh keep it so cute we're not
we didn't go so now I'm gonna try it
again
but I'm not gonna film today all right
we are shopping now Gavin got to go
school shopping with Grandma today and
so we are at the t.j.maxx looking for
some fun stuff for the girls and even
awesome when seumas mom why is it's
awesome with me because you have the
girls are you looking for me that's cute
but if you hide short sleeves you can
cut that ball I got it
oh my goodness the fashionista okay I'm
happy in sure stores to make him laugh
but he loves it I love it you guys want
to hear a crazy story so you know how we
have these Kit Kats up here the Mike's
cats they're being picked off one by one
Kaylee took her car to the Idaho Falls
Airport which is like an hour from here
the white cat who I affectionately call
whitey he was up under the leaf springs
these cats use these cars to get up
underneath in sometimes they get in the
engine block because it's warm come
except in the mud right don't step in
the mud anyways the cat got up
underneath the car and rode one hour to
the airport Kaylee got out and was like
headed into the airport yep you see a
cat right there all said she sees the
white cat just walking around and she's
like what how did this wake I get here
wasn't the car
got em up underneath it anyway so she
flew to LA because there was nothing
that she could do she was late for her
flight so she just left the cat in the
parking lot because she was like running
to her flight she couldn't put the cat
back in the car anyways my mom and son
tried went down to the airport and found
it sitting on the tire of Kaylee's car
so you guys
Whitey's coming back don't be sad mama
Whitey's coming back alright look Gavin
has it right now something like I'm
tuckered out look I'm gonna show them
what I bought for sale well no I can't
cuz there's a baby on top of everything
that is what I thought mom that's what
you brought I got a baby mom thanks mom
this is the backpack princess Hart
picked out she loves it
I sure you chance with the USA are you
gonna get sick of it anyway it doesn't
matter cuz you're gonna use it all year
right uh-huh
how did you do your school shopping we
are just kind of getting random objects
I haven't really put any outfits
together so I don't know if they'll fit
with everything I think I'm gonna get a
purse you don't need a purse for school
and she isn't about having a lot of
clothes in a jean jacket a backpack and
a straw and a jog
nope not in a gym a hamster so when I
was in school my parents used to let me
get a new backpack every year and maybe
that's because they bought the cheap
backpacks or maybe that's just cuz
that's part of the school shopping fun
but as kind of what I've done with my
kids Shay on the other hand he got one
back that he used all through school or
at least you know through elementary and
then through high school but he got like
a high quality backpack so what do you
guys think is better get a cheap one
that you can get a different one next
year or get a really high quality that
will last you all through the school
years I don't know I think about guy
sell this because I saw this one that
was leather could and it's really good
to hold all your stuff but it was
forty bucks well you know some backpacks
even though they're expensive doesn't
necessarily mean they're good quality
sometimes the brand makes them expensive
and then they make them cheap that
happens sometimes I won't name any names
but it happens are you getting a
backpack or did you not find one this
time dad done huh or is it just
okay come from home shower bouncing Rick
cool girl in the fun part speak at home
when you go to chase me max you get your
own cart because they're they're tall
enough for us their little cart does I
think for the paraffin cart can you
picked one
oh that's at you oh she's shaking you
just move it shake okay that's for sure
the one you want no turning back now do
you like the new stairs
isn't that cool look what Tyson made
this is our landscaping these are just
big rocks these big rocks are just gonna
stay here they're like a big rock wall
do you want to play on them dude I'm
gonna show you some cool rocks over here
so you guys know my brothers buddy tour
soon hope you guys have seen that
cupcake video because I think it's a
hilarious joke some of you are annoyed
by it I think I'm not I'm not I promise
Casey's like best buddy growing up in
high school he's our landscaper and he's
doing some sweet stuff out here check
this out remember this isn't that vlog
where we were cleaning all that stuff up
so we can landscape this this would be
like an outdoor amphitheater with a fire
pit check it out right on the other side
another set of these stairs with like
this limestone stairs so like natural
stairs coming down it's not cool dude
yeah it's like big boulders huh big
rocks everywhere it's gonna be like
outdoor rock amphitheater you want to
climb on those ones okay we got to find
a way around the mud because it's coming
down today man it's a big old muddy
construction mess up here it's like such
a just gigantic mess it's like one day
it'll all be together one day we'll all
be living in here I'll be sweet huh come
on climb on the rocks in the mean time
okay here we go
I love these rocks cuz like just the
color like look there's like moss they
brought these rocks in and then I love
the limestone look that you're going
down
these rocks are super-heavy that rocks
probably 400 pounds yeah that weighs as
much as two dudes does for me it's mine
oh okay cool
do you like the new stairs then you
don't need to do if you like the new
stairs yeah look at the camera it's a
toy soon see that
alright nice job - look at this rock
when it was like raining this rock was
purple and then check this out this is
like an old seed planter we're looking
at you can put the seeds up in the top
would card and it feeds down to this
metal part yeah that's a giant pile of
dirt I bet Tyson did that oh we had to
bury all of your Legos it's just a pile
of dirt there's nothing in there just a
big pile of dirt good clean dirt soil
boy yeah that's a big purple heavy rock
we're gonna call that one the Barney
Rock go okay this is rock hard rock
jumping on the big new rocks
nice jump any climbs up here like a Hulk
like Gollum will follow my little slide
slide don't fall in the mud you tough
little boy on the big rock you can jump
you're pretty agile meanwhile Bronx and
the cat are still going at it
crap here it what do we need to get it
at Walmart we need to get a Abarth room
crap it sounded yeah my Bart's room crap
it princess hard really wants a bathroom
crap it for her new bathroom
I will not have a barf room I will have
bathroom to somehow get to say okay
here's before a barf room cart crap it
and then after it's a bathroom carpet
starts out as a crap it and then it
becomes a carpet yeah okay good right
there oh we have a balloon baby in our
cart today alright so we finished our
school shopping we wanted to get it done
early because we have a pretty busy week
we know we have a pretty busy month the
rest of the month of August it's gonna
be really hard we've got a bunch of new
clothes
now Shay and I are flying out tomorrow
to go to LA for some meetings and mom's
few shoots so the kids are going to be
staying with my sister so we need to get
her some groceries so she can tend for
kids yeah because we're going to take
Dexter with us check this out fill the
bus I'll donate to local kids that's a
great idea help my Miami girls so we can
grab some pizza blue look everybody
always needs blue and I prefer blue
stick
cuz they're less messy it's gel sticky
this piece of hair I'm going to rip it
out of your head and sell it to Doutzen
cuz he needs more don't buy the Gators
in there you have any money
oh man oh the world's being a baby
okay you guys ready we got a bunch of
stuff scissors and notebooks you can
just put the bags in you know I know one
they're going to have to put them in
bags when they take them out anyway
hopefully didn't break it I knew that
would happen
hold on we have to doctor up the colored
pencils and then we can donate them okay
I'll better buy my colored pencils good
luck on your journey this year okay are
you ready for your present okay open
your eyes
do you like it yeah it's a backpack for
you it's so Sparkle it sparkles it kind
of does doesn't it it shimmers oh it
does
- Sheree spider-man I like it you like
it hey bro do you like it don't you
actually hey listen
usually when somebody gives you
something you say thank you you say
thank you yeah thank you
good job high rises high fives
yeah what are you doing
howdy everybody construction worker Carl
here construction construction worker
Carl here I'm coming here to report to
eat some hot pants okay show us your hot
hands all right I love these - check
these out okay hold on
bars if uh like this and then look like
these like design oh yeah these are
iJustine pants hey I just seen do you
have these camo pants dude I'm doing a
slow pan on the camo I hey what here's
my favorite part of those stand up how
are you doing psychedelic arms it's like
a weird octopus I like these nice
stitching like how it goes down it looks
good Tyrell let's see the butt sorry
got to see the bud mmm nobody get all
right do you like this fence yeah it's
cute huh construction worker Carl here
gives you a stamp of approval on those
pants what's up with camouflage I
actually have a pair of camouflage pants
- but I don't you haven't learned yet
under listen you let's wear him on the
plane tomorrow okay
both of us yep wait I like to wear
stretchy pants on those are comfortable
you don't know I can tell you look
comfortable
okay let's both wear our camel baths
where I'll be a team effort
shake on it no little bit cute we can
both wear camo pants listen that'll be
fun we'll both wear wear a matching camo
outfit what shirt
shake Carl shirts it'll be like we're
going to the dance you know yeah okay
we're wearing camel pants tomorrow to
the airport ray yeah that's what it is
all right man clutter headed to LA
tomorrow for four days to a bunch of
things
baby tarts gonna be here dance and dance
and dance and dance machine so we're
trying to pack and get ready to go ro
tard he's coming with us he always gets
to come with us
he's Molly's attached with mommy and
daddy come on you won't go to Los
Angeles tomorrow
you were born there all right we'll go
there hey guys were actually on an
airplane right now you have to be
replied to the air as we speak we are
hurtling to aerospace all right thanks
for watching click on yesterday's vlog
click on the film lucky button I just
click on some
check out what we were doing one two
three four and five years ago today all
right I gotta go about to join the
mile-high club you don't know what
you're talking about
