have we blogged anything today oh poor
lame I was right get that baby out of
the photo booth you want photobooth
pictures with the baby let's go
how'd you like the movie I liked that it
was funny it had a mixture of like funny
and emotional and like sweet it was good
I definitely recommend guardians of the
galaxy something I saw on Twitter said
it and it didn't take itself too
seriously
like there are some jokes it's like it's
in this moment it's really rare that
they're making a joke like that you'll
see what I'm saying if you go to the
movie do you like it
yeah what was favorite part without
ruining the plotline for these fine
folks at home to have not viewed the
cinema yet okay can't tell you
hey kids like the movie you fell asleep
coffee did you like the movie did you
like the movie that's good yeah there
was some crying moments you say I almost
cried okay yeah you laugh you cry you
weep for them I can't leave haven't
vlogged all day and I'm lame it's like
6:30 we've been pretty busy and it's
raining out of here check this out
it was weird cuz I could hear at the
theater during the movie during the
quiet scenes I'm like is that the
pitter-patter of rain I hear alright
ready here we go here we get our picture
taken okay look look at the camera look
at the camera look close to you ready
don't put your fingers in front of a
camera you're putting your fingers here
we go there we go
Jackson kept turning and looking at me
those are lame if you did see guardians
of the galaxy already who is your
favorite character who is your favorite
character the raccoon the Rock chart
reminds me of the little raccoon oh he
has a weapon run the baby he got him he
did it if he kept her away it'll hold
his head look every time he's trying to
look back at his dad that one he is
looking down where you're pointing at
the camera the very end he turn around
look at me again don't you know how to
take pictures in a photo booth bro like
the movie baby tired yeah who's your
favorite character yeah the green girl
yeah you like her she was tough huh
would you like she training is everybody
wet that's bro tired he keeps in I am
Groot I am Groot
you can't tell him can't tell the secret
all right let me see this one look down
in here make a face look down ready say
hi do you guys love our baby do you
think that you love our baby I love my
baby but do you think you really love
him oh we only do you guys feel like
you've kind of come to like him more as
he's been here longer it's like you know
he's a baby and you like automatically
love him because he's so cute maybe
that's got that me that's why God made
baby so he yeah so you don't want to
just throw him out in the trash when
they're obnoxious and they keep pooping
everywhere so God made baby B's cute so
you're like oh look how cute he is I
don't care that he just ripped 50 of my
beard hairs out of my face so up here
hanging out with a little beautiful
angel baby
I love those blue eyes
dude you big you better be careful you
might become the flavor baby oh well I
just got done raining so you know what
that's like when the Sun comes out and
it's perfect temperature the skies are
blue the mountains are dewy
it smells babe it's kind of hard to film
when there's a baby with a hat in front
of my face the whole time you got it
Rebecca my hair all right we're gonna do
how many roads you gonna do you are come
to do five just a little bit better this
one doesn't count this one doesn't count
we're going up to get the stroller so
this one doesn't count with the sound of
news
no the red chute t-rex
I love that easy what's up nerds I think
you promote Charles Trippy merchandise
more than anybody a link in the
description
it'd be funny to do a video where it's
like go back through the vlogs and see
all the times you've had those shirts on
if we had this kind of material if we
had a shirt out of this kind of material
oh crap let's cut that part out
what are you guys doing over there no
we're exercising we're not building
shops to sell things to the soup the
pioneers or whatever the heck you're
doing oh my hell fire Avia do not drop a
giant board on your sister's head yeah
okay but listen within let's say 18
inches okay I don't want a falling board
within 18 inches of her head you were
about three that time I realize you're
building an empire up here such a
youtuber I think I did not teach you
that baby tart
where's your hard hat what huh you need
a hard hat do not kill each other okay
thank you that girl get stuff done I'll
tell you what watch out
throw it over on the side I don't think
that words that heavy all right
good that's a ramp now it's wheelchair
accessible good you passed code
that was a funny joke alright we're
going to exercise I'm gonna run you over
I'll run you over Oh nah don't even get
started with that kind of bullcrap -
just to show you what I can go I want to
see those dang girl mmm love your lunges
I'm a lunge looker this guy can go up
the other side everybody else of course
he jumps on four right every two seconds
but at least he's keeping roads hard
entertained so he runs up ahead and he
jumps roller and then the auxin kicks in
and over again okay gotta toughen the
kids up out here man telling you they
got to be lean and mean they gotta be
able to take a tumble or in the country
I love mush mommy turn Emily of that you
know the colors that is so nice
Oh oh no filth I like it like that
let's go guys come on come with me let's
go find some innocent Orange
oh we're going we're going all the way
that's our orange it'll orange got a
little blue got a lot of mountains got
some green yeah not too shabby
hey I hope you enjoyed that little zoom
voiceover it's gonna cost me sprint I'm
gonna catch up to mommy top I honestly
think the best runner in our family is
rock chart you can keep up with us going
full speed just pour pants bit I'm a
little bit better okay
you're a fast runner dude it's got a
great stride got a great strat indeed so
do you
he knew Mickey would try to find the
princess no sooner had Melgar gone away
then Mickey quickly hit his club behind
a suitable home reading a book I just
did two more laps on the bike coming up
that hill in the bike is doodle sweat
and dogs I got my heart rate up tried to
burn some calories you know Bronx has
been up and down that Hill more times
than anybody hey what are you doing hat
back on I know where the Hat we're
watching movies are we watching Kung Fu
Panda let me see where the Hat buddy
doesn't me our workout room isn't it
babe yeah yeah it's gonna be our workout
room or done remodel anybody all right
so today was a pretty entertaining day
we didn't film too much of it but went
to the movies ran at the house now we're
at home so what are games of the galaxy
and now we're having a little bit of
what is this hummus and a two hour at
the Shaytards
nothing for me I am trying to run a
marathon
you can't run marathons on hummus and
pita or you have to have watermelon
sessions Oh late night you have a sweet
tooth pull out one of these mother
nature's little delicious things that
she made for us in our faces spray a
little Windex on it dude it's so good
don't throw a monkey
freaking monkey thrower how you feelin
Lu FISMA goofus where you going good
everybody quit asking me hey you have
some late-night hummus and pita ours too
Oh
huh what yeah you guys I don't know
don't want to tell people's I don't have
freaked people out basically
Avia in this order Avia and me and gavin
have all experienced the very same start
crying
almost like every single one of them is
the symptoms of like pendous itis so
we're wondering there's there's got to
be something that has affected all the
kids rock hard and brooch art having
experienced it tell him you want to tell
him how it was like for you he woke up
Ianto he woke up and he was writhing in
pain because it wasn't your back heard
like right there like right in the
kidney area same with baby tard
and a yeah but it's all like lower
abdomen area so we don't know oh that's
a big ol fat we've been having them
hydrate drink a lot of water you know
checking their poops regularly all of
them are wearing diapers so we can use
stool samples it's about time for your
stool sample okay because I've been
eating my watermelon I'm put check your
here's the barking from somewhere in the
house Thank You Love I'm gonna take this
in the office and I'm gonna import this
footage so that I can upload it tomorrow
me and mommy tart
do I leave a camera um me and mommy
started going to LA on Wednesday and we
have a babysitter for these kids are we
taking road hard with us yes yeah
watermelon
all right every second tonight see Amaro
summer best summer ever
we're leaving one out of the cheers here
there you go ready yeah teach your baby
hands out of my delicious melon all
right we'll see you guys tomorrow with
the sound of music
no hills are alive with the sound of
music
