what are you doing here sad dog business
what are we doing here new an apartment
right now here I mean sick it's time you
guys I'm so excited it's finally life
the baby swag video that we did with the
moms use finally live and I'm a rapper
just I should know it makes me laugh but
I'm excited I want you guys to see it
let's watch kids come see me rap I'm a
rapper now come on you have to come
support me you have to come support me
in my rap miss I'm a rapper did you know
it well you didn't know don't you want
to see I got so much big sweat that's me
look back at my rapper like mom are you
it has an infield is an angel crazy I
might you look concerned
by next week isn't that true you grow up
too fast
stop it I think they're a little weird
about like mom you would you like it
kind of creepy could you everything that
I could rap no are you doubt with me
that's all right I'm watching Melissa
pricey kids every day
mr. Prize what let you take videos back
towards the cake video no is what
happened to my good they get stuck in
the YouTube vortex clicking and going
and watching so I gotta pull the plug
but if they're watching the mumps you
got a wish rocky what did you just tell
me let's try to recreate this would you
say about Marcus we were watching the
baby swag video and he saw Marcus and he
goes look mom that's my brother who was
so cute yeah Marcus is your brother he
might as well be and then he said I want
to go to maker studios and see Marcus so
we have to go back to LA so he can see
Marcus who else do you miss in LA okay
Marcus and who else is there
I know it says sleek coming well we're
gonna see her next time we go to
California which will be soon hey guys
don't know who Marcus is that's Marcus
that chick angel TV go check her out
she's the other rapper in the baby swag
video and her little boy is Marcus so
that's who brought wanting to play with
soon we will get to do that cocky that's
the only sad thing about not being in LA
is we miss a lot of robots there I kick
yep that's him hey guys so we just came
up to the house and we're looking at
paint colors a flagman souad hood where
you're spider-man suit yeah pause for
pirates spider-man suit okay guys so
these are the colors that I was looking
at for the downstairs I was trying to
decide what color
you can give me your opinions I actually
I'm going to go with this color for the
darker and this color for the lighter
and I'm really glad that I came to check
on it before they started because they
actually had the wrong pink card that's
way darker than I had actually picked
I'm really glad that start painting
everything me being here because it was
the wrong color I think it was just a
miscommunication is it happened yeah but
I'm really glad that I was here are you
are you he has to have attention are all
my kids that way I'm just gonna talk
until I get attention
no yeah hey hey guys
everyone's having a big boss downstairs
and this is my dad my dad's hat dad is
it okay if I can have it I'm just
wearing it right now so I hope you don't
mind
okay so we're having prepared a
downstairs and I'm being crazy right now
please get on your mat yeah we were
playing this game that we were going on
boys and then we start to beat boys ha
boy I should start being not very crazy
you couldn't daddy I'm a tomboy yeah but
that's not your hat just let you know
we're just borrowing these oh okay
what's the next song and then we're
gonna have you pregnant mom no and then
school mates punch one son drop me come
in he's he's still sedated so probably
like about my dad thank mom let's Rob
wake up I'm I'm telling sponge to wake
up out of the pineapple because he's not
waking up but it isn't that a pineapple
yeah get the joke yeah you get the dog
okay we're gonna keep trying to wake up
sided because dad is coming home today
that I were dancing celebrating
thanks bubs snail okay he was only gone
for a night he always meant someone
who's gone if you're gonna do something
we're gonna be like we're gonna cut
posters in front of the house always
better Palace is so awesome I would keep
reading don't wanna stop you Jose Jose
the kids just got done watching the
video that shape hosted on was today
Friday at midnight ish that old clip
that we did of talking about one take
Sunday's and so they watched the whole
video and watch themselves and now they
are reading your comments so I
appreciate all of you who are keeping
your comments clean however I've had to
explain a few things to them because of
the comments that weren't exactly clean
so thanks for that I like them to read
the comments and kind of get see the
feedback that we get from you guys you
wanna be a boy I do
why does this make me a boy because now
I'm your father ow yeah I'm gonna sit up
flatter belly
hey I'm log new was that a common
pressure and do it again hey I'm
vlogging here you little egg buster love
you Kevin what are you doing here sad
dog what are we doing here new an
apartment over toys here I mean sick Oh
what are we doing yeah we have
yourself--i she's in a hot dog and she
doesn't feel quite comfortable I tell
you just have to guess bye guys thanks
for watching today's vlog be sure to
click on up just kidding just getting
that so means okay we had a little scare
and he was complaining earlier that she
had a stomach ache and it was kind of in
the lower part of her like abdomen and
my mind was like oh appendix because I'd
heard that and Cecily had talked to us
about her appendix and her experiences
with that so I wanted that but it was
kind of like oh just a little
stomachache so she took a nap and then
she woke up from her nap do you want to
tell them more about your experience no
I think you don't
yes that you tell them I want you you
want its own but you want me to film
okay cat girl you want to say what
happened yet first of all I love this
mini chair second of all it was light I
love this spinny chair
oh she was taking a nap because sure her
belly was praying so like we were all
sitting in this other room and then just
thinking of stuff he's family and stuff
that's what we're doing we're just
thinking of stuff we heard like he's
crying and I thought it was just this
kid taking over hue just crying and what
is it didn't sound like someone would
come over and brought his other kid was
right oh it didn't sound like her you're
right I'm like Emmy or what I'm gonna be
Destin 24 didn't sound like - - it was a
very loud really cry wasn't it she was
very sad I was laying down in the kids
room and I just heard just shrieking
screaming and I jumped up and I run in
the room and I like what happened she
said my stomach it hurts it hurts and
she threw herself on the ground I said I
can't move I hurt so bad I'm like water
it was my stomach and my mind was just
like her appendix burst that's
immediately what I thought so I'm like
okay gang before going to the emergency
room so I picked her up Melvin helps me
get her to the car Logan watched the
baby and Brock give up the baby and
Brock Princess hard held her little hand
out of the hospital I was like holding
rockin like when we were all getting the
car as holding Destin and Aston look at
me I'm off what's going on and then you
pass tax and after Logan anyways she's
pretty much screamed the whole way here
so her stomach was really hurting her
I'm not sure what it was because we got
here they checked her out she does have
a fever of 101 wondered didn't believe
me I had this he didn't believe you well
he will believe you now because we got
it on camera she has a fever they took a
pee test we're checking that we don't
know what it is they don't think it's
appendix because when you touch her
stomach it's not sensitive so I don't
know we'll see what happens but we've
been here for a little while and we're
just waiting for the test so that's the
adventure dad knows we called him he's
on his way flying from Salt Lake to Polk
cricketer from select a default and the
scene soon why
she threw up all over I don't think any
of you noticed she had a big piece of
watermelon stuck oh no right there on
your working oh she did she threw up
they tried to give her some Tylenol
medicine and she gagged on it and threw
it up so adventures at the hospital we
could tell she had watermelon earlier on
yeah put them on he's already got a
seizure
oh you want to order a hospital Speicher
one Hospital spinach are for this girl
all right how you feeling little girl
feeling better these are somewhat still
hurt a little bit
hello yeah yeah we're watching wedding
gowns people look at their wedding yeah
I do well I guess 4p came back normal so
now they're gonna do an x-ray of her
stomach
so I'll see what happens check it out
pictures of her insides that's crazy
how you feeling yeah she is feeling much
better now but we know something
happened because she has a fever and
it's like I don't know I don't know it
was so crazy how fast it came on and how
much she was in pain and then it started
to dissipate but she had a fever they
gave her some medicine and that's gone
down and maybe the pains gone away
because of the medicine as well but
we're just waiting to hear some more
results and see if there's anything
wrong but maybe it was just a crazy
thing I have no idea we're done you
ready to go see daddy
yes yes let's go tell them what happened
that's not all baby baby honey that's
not all baby why you have that baby we
have another baby
there's his baby tell the baby my baby
when it says baby my baby boy how's it
going I'm still not over all the animals
in the basement yet are you used to it
you know I really wanted down here in
there
in between the elk yeah like right there
and you can pretend like you're running
with elk in the forest how cool would
that be
yeah weren't my sunglasses inside tent
electric to tear that elected elected da
Dada that would be cool put a treadmill
right there yeah you can do it I thought
would seriously I think feel cool come
here I want to experience that I want to
pretend do that what guy to be
creepy because look is you look on your
right it's like it's dry and I you look
on your left come on bro you could do it
keep pushing keep pushing that extra
mile it's all in your mind man let's go
come on I've ran this hill before
totally watching me like what whence
it's like I'm telling my dad what you
said about his animals when he gets home
my dad's gonna hear about this hey blue
eyes yeah cute all right I got to go
outside and take Sun tarts some water
because he's running laps Hayley get
folding that laundry he's not today I
know he's done like everyday son tardy
has been doing because we've been so
busy he's been doing these roads were
calling him and he does three I gotta go
pick him s water come on we'll go ask
him about it okay so here's the deal
that's the shop from the shop door down
to the bottom of the road and up counts
as one and Gavin's been doing three a
day and it's a big road and coming up
this road it's steep so you run down and
then you walk really fast up and this
road is like it's one of those roads
it's it's steep enough we're just
walking up it your heart gets like
mountain air man it's man I was just in
Los Angeles
I could tell such a difference I could
breathe so much easier up here we're
like 45 five thousand feet and so it's
like the air is thin that's good for
training this is our cardiovascular
branch you want to come out to shake
Carl's cardiovascular ranch will run in
the high altitudes of Idaho good you're
getting ahead of me
doing this last one with him today he's
doing four he's been doing three a day
for the last like week today he so he
said to me who's dad if you run all nine
miles I went running this morning with
Carly because if you run all nine miles
I'll do six roads and I was like dude
that'd be awesome
but then I couldn't do it I was like so
inspired I was like dude Gavin that
means so much that you were like willing
to like sacrifice you know like motivate
me and then it like mile seven was like
okay I'm getting the truck I know that I
can't do it so he said he'll do for I
think it's a good compromise someone run
this last one with him okay happy
Saturday - yeah out here out here
running on the side of a mountain all
right walking back up number four hit it
hood hood nice okay so we're doing is
we're walking back up but then in every
steak there's steaks like every 20 yards
I'm going to explode for six steps
football line how the villain here Eddie
yeah said what hood son tard might be
playing center this year so I'm telling
dude you're gonna explode off the line
for six dabs damn new 98 red but not for
five day all right cover to cover two
down red 98 blue for the two set hut
oh my goodness did the cheerleader just
show up to the football game - rah who's
this boy you brought with you hey are
you on varsity I didn't think so
you can't come hang out over here I'm in
the Chess Club smart guys get all the
girls
true love you I love you smart guy I'll
share with you oh yeah you're pretty
beautiful big cuddler uh-huh you tell
him what I'm gonna do haha I'm not
accepting it what did Kaylee say she
gonna do it yeah tonight yeah I'm
turning around you guys just wait and
see
turn around yeah
oh you're not just getting I'll tell you
we have to wait and see it on my channel
let's cutting ten inches off of her hair
you guys and she chickened out last time
I didn't want her to I remember like
looking at it in the mirror and being
kinda nervous but trying to talk myself
into it but now I look in the mirror I
imagine 10 inches off when I get excited
so I know I'm ready turn around and our
you know donate it to Locks of Love
alright mom I like to grab your hair
pull it it feels a keep doing it it's
gonna go but guess what he's gonna grow
back dating girl you're hot that was fun
to watch I'm gonna put that in slow
motion I think
I remember tears streaming down your
face when I said I'll never let you go
alright now it's time to get some food
in our bodies need some food in my beard
alright you want to see what we're
getting some what you're getting right
there son turn is getting the savory
cedar salmon I just read to you what
you're gonna get just so you know you
are to standard okay you get a variety
of spring vegetables that's it a stop
never mind that let's really get though
sweetly poor you've any problem you
gotta get this for dessert hey how you
feeling girl sure I'm fine I feel like
maybe turnes a giant poop insider that
needs to come out so I'm getting the
hotel they don't know exactly what's
wrong is that it could be early signing
appendix
she had undecided appendicitis appendix
she has a page you have the early signs
of liver but in decided she's feeling
better so they didn't want to do a cat
scan and stuff so we'll just wait and
see
what did it feel like when your summit
for what did it feel like screaming were
you screaming yeah did you get any of
that on camera where you screen was it
just like a sharp pain what did it feel
like it felt like you're trying to cook
but more hurt yeah see you feel when you
have a baby but on the other side what
do you mean the baby comes out of your
nose what do you mean the other side
Oh sugar time economic no it stayed with
her the cheeseburger you color that
looks good all right well we're just
having a good time
throw turd are you doing buddy helos
blue-ice wrote has some more tea since I
left
I think he should smile at me dude let
me see those teeth daddy oh is it like
100 Baxton hey buddy
t-rex alright first celery for rock turn
what Oh Dexter sorry for the poor bro
charge he likes it he stares at it thank
you thank you don't get many more sprite
he learned how to drink out of a straw
though look I'm just check everything
out you have him happy
so yes I went that
you you learn how to drink from a straw
did she good mom oh just checking
everything out you literally drink half
of my lemonade all right good you ready
that looks really good big salmon hair
you listen to my Instagram now I am just
like that back on Monday schedule
another 20 minute vlog for your faces
don't just like this in Slate it's so
colorful thanks for watching be sure to
click on the feeling lucky button today
go check out mami tarde rap she is quite
the gangster and then baby I would like
to say something go ahead Lucas thanks
for paying me I told Emmy that when we
tweeted that she was in the hospital
that a lot of you guys were worried
about her and that you were tweeting me
and asking if she was okay and that you
guys were thinking about her and praying
for her so we really appreciate it
she's okay you okay all right I love you
click on a video see what the Shaytards
doing 1 2 3 4 & 5 years ago today ok be
sure to subscribe thumbs up and give us
guess blue sea ice morrow bike
