hi good morning guys I cook it happens I
put it up as I cook it up as I cook it
up and say hey morning it's time to get
up Hey ah you were planning that you
could plan in that oh it's another
beautiful day and it's still summer we
still have time to enjoy ourselves Wow I
was pretty good
that's your morning wake-up call sorry
about that
the most annoying sound in the world
thank you odd oh poor princess her she's
the sleeper in ER at our house Shay and
princess chai I'd like to sleep in but
this is really cute did you set out what
you're gonna wear today
that's so cute and your doll is so
pretty eyes only let's go back back fast
fast
hey what's annoying them in the world
he's really motivating guys it's great
box I saw my find your little brother
hey little brother
are you just making a mess in here are
you just making a mess in here are you
ready for breakfast
hey yeah then give it okay oh you can't
have the camera
I'll get drool all over it you guys you
guys very exciting things are happening
okay oh look the first times the dogs
are meeting be nice da keys a friend
look at the hair it's alright that other
dogs a pretty big dog I'm excited
because I've wanted Zeke to play with
the dog that's as big as he is
so more heavens plans can be done down
there and there's gonna be a path hey
it's okay yeah I like it
here's play go play go get him
he's more time I love it I love it
this is so good for Zeke I think he's
showing Dominic Izzy sorry
sorry Sean so who saw Casey's blog the
other day when I was smashing the
cupcakes in my face and yelling total
this is that guy too soon and this is
toy stewards dogs writing they'll build
that's the path Tyson is our landscape
architect designer master and commander
of this property he's going to whip into
shape
he has three weeks to get it looking
sweet toys dog toy sword soy sauce you
better get to work Tyson
the kind of action we're talking about
Casey
hey everybody shaycarl here with maybe
on my shoulders we're out here looking
at my property this is gonna be a giant
swing set
imagine Venice rings imagine Santa
Monica Pier in those giant 20-foot
swings
this means this circle is going to go
out eight feet more in diameter on each
side but this swing that's gonna run
down here to the trail it goes right on
down the line even though this slide
lucky
stay off thanks for joining us here at
shaycarl property inc
scene all right that's good about this
good job guys
good morning good morning good morning
good morning good morning good morning
to you it's actually afternoon we're
having lunch he's having ramen noodles
and he's learning how to feed himself
and it's just the cutest thing you know
Wow it's amazing how when you have kids
you love every little thing that they do
it's literally that's what they call it
baby vision because you wouldn't watch
TV you just sit and watch babies are so
fascinating they're so fascinating
yes you are Gavin you're fascinating too
but I mean it's not just cute when you
put noodles in your mouth as it is when
he does really oh that is so cute you're
right
okay Carly's going rollerskating with
the kids it is called nanny cam I'm
Leonard he can't drive the suburban have
fun don't record I have five-year
children but you're worried about the
server all right
don't kill my kids either okay kids
today we're gonna learn about the birds
and the bees wait I'm working you guys
ever HAP I can't see your face all the
lights are on but they're around your
arms and your shoulder and there's no
face you have no face shaycarl your
spoon look there he's coming into the
light
no that's kinda creepy welcome to the
vlog
welcome to the hey Carl I mean she
didn't which what
wait but where's no I don't like right
satellite nice I know D that is one
thing about Idaho that's a little bit
creepier than LA because L way there's a
streetlight everywhere you don't go
anywhere and there's no streetlights but
here there's no straight lines
everywhere and the thing is it's it's
Hollywood's fault
I feel like oh sorry right I feel like
it's the movie industries fault that
it's so scary out in the woods because
there's nobody else nobody out here at
all look at here they all get here we
got here didn't I want you to me shit oh
look at there's another one oh dude
those are big ones you see them yes dude
we'll get their mailbox I can see it's
but do there's one as giant shiny
antlers oh yeah those I saw shining more
gets by me or my mr. Bhatt I tried it
alright well speaking of what there are
animals out here not yeah I not x-men
but yes usually Hollywood makes it seem
like those axe murders everywhere
I know what don't go to the woods honey
but go into the light go into the light
well this is a very fun it's 5:30 in the
morning and I'm headed to Los Angeles
it's funny how I used to love to travel
it was so exciting to me getting on an
airplane staying in hotels going to
different places since I've done it so
much over the last six years I'm kind of
just like alright I did some traveling I
just want to stay home with my family
makes me feel bad or like I think about
Charles Trippy my buddy who's always on
tour and he's always constantly
somewhere that dude has more frequent
flyer miles than anybody you know he's
like the diamond addition medallion
status on the Delta anyways
headed to Los Angeles today I have to go
speak at a summit how's that for you I'm
going to speak at a summit why don't you
know how it goes let's go to California
ah sunny Southern California we're here
I'm here in LA and baby swag just went
live if you guys have not seen the music
video for the moms view it's called the
baby swag featuring kitty let the chick
angel TV shake off anyways go check it
out any this one I want to talk about so
that just went up but I was reading the
comments and I just barely watched the
video I'm in Los Angeles and Colette is
in Idaho so I just got on here I two
minutes ago she's replying to this
girl's comment and I just saw it like
right after I watched the video I'd
spend more than two minutes I mean when
I first saw it it was at like 48 seconds
so then I replied oh wait where's my
reply all right there what up girl I
like the way you rap so I am he flirting
with my wife real-time while I'm in Los
Angeles just because I'm in the youtube
comment section and that's exciting
because I'm excited to refresh the video
to see what she said back to me if you
guys haven't seen it go check it out
look how I got hot my wife is Oh almost
every single day she's like she's so
tough in this right so step two meet I
got Amazon mom go check it out anyways
I'm gonna refresh to go see if she saw
my comment about me flirting with her
where's my phone maybe she texted me my
oh my oh my would you look at the sky
very beautiful day it is exciting to
come back here to Los Angeles so we're
just being in Idol for only two weeks
whenever I come back here it feels like
it's a big city I told Qasim this I went
to lunch with my friend Kassem G and I
was like I forgot this is where all the
really good-looking people live just
like looking around the restaurant like
everybody in here is good-looking it's
crazy it's like everybody's all the
good-looking people congregate here
alright so I'm about to head to this
summit more rustle me up some grub and
do this thing and head back home to the
ranch got doing my business in Los
Angeles I'll be back tomorrow
Toad's I love you also I know I've seen
the comments is she in here Taylor
Taylor together she is hiding in the box
like she always it scares me when we
could when I come in here like I'm like
somebody hi Taylor somewhere we did not
were supposed to get maybe the girls
took it I think Colette took it I think
you guys remember there was a thing this
is open after VidCon I think the girls
did take it
annoyed on Taylor what am I saying right
there okay we're gonna open this I got
to go right now
we're gonna come back and open this oh I
know you're dying right now I'm like
late my uber is here we're gonna read
that on the back of Taylor later okay
let's go to the summit we are now in Los
Angeles California
check out these buildings Oh sunny it's
gorgeous
oh I got a cross here look at those palm
trees oh this is awesome
no wonder why so many people live here
it's so sunny beautiful it is okay we've
got to find this location I got back all
right you guys I'm here at dinner with
Sean no Omar the whole crew
there's Kassim he doesn't like to be on
YouTube though so don't tell me we're
making a youtube video you guys this is
cool
so you know I know you guys are sick of
me saying it you know how Disney bought
maker studios show John not is an
official this video game boy so this
gets you into Disney when it rises we
passed I can take up to three people
with me at any time whatever you want
yeah but you're black out dance but I
mean anytime on a Tuesday and a
Wednesday
this is the Covenant pass Oh Oh where's
the company had check out our over new
web series just the tip what is that I
make just the tip swags a jet
come on a thing or two your family
they just didn't think I'm lighting the
other day isn't that cool they have
Disney cards that's cool they just got
these Brett the intern sent me a picture
of his I was like no way that's awesome
all right we're having a Korean barbecue
on Disney do y'all got a video you know
you want to go Acco and click on a video
clicking a beedi clickety click get a
video yeah you know you wanna go I can
have a diol
