oh my gosh did Casey Jones just show up
what's up you hang out with a bunch of
Ninja Turtles gonna go beat up shredder
and in a second hello guys ready to
skirt back from I looking at we are
getting tired and they won that was
driving back home I'm a bad
so bye Zeki Oh what are you doing with
your life Ezekiel you running around
this property come on Luke what's your
name here comes Casey on the motorcycle
hey hey hey here he comes the bearded
burly man Casey the bearded burly man on
the motorcycle
Casey he's Casey he's bearded he's burly
he's the barely Burning Man on a motor
like oh well he's doing a wheelie
alright so sometimes actually running
laps right now you guys for shayloss cuz
I told I did a three-mile run for your
KP Casey's running laps
so Gavin's going up and down the road
three times I'm coming up this road is
steep it's tough and you're breathing
hard alright oh my goodness gracious
ladies and gentlemen this man is
climbing a mountain as we speak look at
my shoes that I feel and talk to me how
you feeling beau rah
good huh yeah how many done I'm going up
my second one you good jog a little bit
up the hill come on try it and run
backwards
it hurts my knees you should put your
arms up did ya use your arms footballs
in one week son you what is it Oh what
footballs in one month one and a half
months you got 90 that you got six you
got me dazing a man one that you got
doba you're ready for football season
alright we come up to a welcoming
committee all the kiddies are hanging
out waiting for the humans to come I
think it's about time the dogs and the
kitties got comfortable waiting mama cat
she's like no way you get those devil
dogs out of here che I own this barn now
all right let's get us ahead of the
kitties be careful they'll bite you okay
open the door right all right today's
the day today's the day when the farm
meets the farm you guys got to get used
to living together so today's the day
the cats are going to become outside
cats you guys have we fed you we've
watered you you are now lean mean mice
killing machine that have to go out of
the nest and into the world so go make
of what you will as a cat generation
look ozox hair standing up you guys your
friends you guys need to stick together
okay you guys are the captains of the
military of this property I will not
have my generals acting in this manner
you're the king of the cat Legion and
you're the head of the dog Patrol and I
need you guys to symbiotically work
together so that you can protect this
property okay and there will be no
fighting does that understood
you understand yes sir hey okay I will
try to admonish and love this large
slobbery yellow animal what do you think
can you guys who kill some ice hey
whitey in this you're going to be a lot
of there's me a lot of social pressure
out there because you're the only white
one all right well there we go we're
putting the cat's outside today this is
their new home a cement guys are here hi
everybody I'm gonna be doing um I let it
go ston snow Olga's right on the
mountain tonight not a footprint to be
seen a kingdom of isolation and it looks
like and the queen the wind is howling
like this swirling storm inside couldn't
keep it in heaven knows I tried don't
let some and done some see be the good
girl you always have to be conceal don't
feel don't let them know
Oh one a day now let it go let it go
can't hold it back anymore now you're
singing like I sing whenever dad says
seeing something on the camera then I
get all clammed up and I don't sing real
good singing real I can tell but you're
cute but I want it show you Daxton be
the coup d'etat Matt just showed up in
this big old man truck it's gone
look at this Matt the ditch which
brought his ditch which so crazy right
here alright we're starting to get some
stuff up alright check this out
the dogs are at full attention look at
Zeke look at his hair look at the hair
on the back of his neck and then look
dances do not know they could claim
pence
dude that's a perfect little spot for
them because they can hide in those
bushes and they can get up and seeing a
vantage point on the fence they have
cover from the elements with the house
or that giant steel circle thing
hopefully I can just stay away from the
Coyotes and Ezekiel look at that hair
that's stripe down his back Zeke your
butt looks good have you been doing
Pilates he's just staring where's Bronx
at on the other side oh here we go there
is they have not moved for probably
three minutes rocks oh they're just been
staring at those cats that Craig's Mia
oh my gosh did Casey Jones just show up
what's up you hang out with a bunch of
Ninja Turtles gonna go beat up shredder
and in a second there's you what are you
doing Oh
what up here well I didn't think I'd
carry like this so just dude strapped it
up man you're like that you see the you
just need a cool pair of shades and
you're like all the way there man hell
Donatello I said what okay sure I did
peace out okay this little man would
like to show us what he's done today I'm
gonna show us oh good job I'm so proud
of you did you do all that play-doh by
yourself yeah yeah if you like play-doh
yeah deal one to play Legos now
now you're gonna squish them and play
with Legos yeah sounds like a plan
sounds like an awesome life if you ask
me just play-doh and Legos all day long
oh and macaroni and cheese
where's go what Shay daddy go to
construction workers corner darling I
don't know if I should come in come this
is a really weird situation yeah that's
like weird about a sec yeah what's going
on I swear there's a perfectly logical
explanation for all this um what
happened here here's how it all how my
goodness I just took a shower my dad
came home wearing this hard hat he
brought it home from work so I put it on
then we came in here and realized that
Jackson had torn up all the toilet paper
and I'm still my towel and you have a
camera and now I'm half naked talk about
how things got messed up in this room
while we're in a construction workers
hand why is this so ironic where it's
always complain about bad dogs and how
bad dogs longer just can't be allowed in
our house anymore so Bronk
we had eloped Donald problems in the
house Molly dug a hole the backyard and
mom sent out a big family text to
everybody today letting them know that
dogs are no longer in the house because
no none of these dogs can behave and
then look what this will look what her
adopted mom
well this is cleanable I guess Tuesday
Tuesday Taco Tuesday where happens tacos
cuz it's
stay but I'm having a salad actually so
I'm breaking the Taco Tuesday choco dial
supreme alright so we're here with
Grandma and Grandpa that's officially
who's here with us we have all of our
children except for Gavin's a scout rock
tarts having a tacodile supreme me and
mom got the chicken salad that's a big
put on your face like it says let us
it's a lettuce - folding - eat it mmm oh
yeah very handsome oh man
what's up handsome little man don't let
any girls kiss you you're not allowed to
kiss yet what do you been doing up here
cute plants so you been doing service
for the neighborhood huh typical son
tired kind of stuff jebel keep it
difficult skills are you a we blow what
are you a bear what's the slogan is that
right that's what we blow stands for no
we below wait what we be low I'm sitting
right here
okay did you do okay good job I'm proud
of you really proud we are mr. e sub
feet
babies are your muscles just literally
big Oh watch your muscles flex your
muscles look at that lighting right
there the lighting the clouds and sky
are so dark and blue and gray but the
warm Summer Sun still beats on the
sagebrush and a golden hue I just made
that up - like that you know it's just
nature and you see it every day you look
out the window but I want you to look at
my nature you see that those clouds and
that golden sunshine and look at that
handsome
shadow that's the most handsome shadow
I've seen can you just respect this just
appreciate yo come suckers now yes I won
with you wicka-wicka-wicka-wicka work
okay you guys gonna jump the jump you
guys about to wanted want you guys want
to watch hit some dudes jumps because
we're in catch like three feet of air oh
okay don't tell me how the cameraman I
know how to cameraman I've been in
camera a lot longer you've been a
cameraman that you have cambered more
things and you've ever camera camera
hogs alright so you guys know off a jump
I'm in a film that we're gonna see who
gets the highest okay don't let me down
son tard I expect a double heel flip
can-can something something or other
alright here we go let's see it rock
alright ladies and gentlemen here she is
the queen of extreme taught by travis
Pastrana she's about to fly out was big
I was quick all right here comes Sun
tard
he's a lean mean biking machine let's
see what he's gonna do off this jump
nice jump
ok here comes princess charm she's
barreling down the track she goes all
right here comes Shay Shay Carl whoop oh
nice now you guys ready for the boss to
show you how it's done
you ready to show I showed you how it
was done they come cruising down this
hill pretty fast hey where's your helmet
busted here he comes
let's see some mega air on this bad boy
oh the Skip Meister liked it go
Oh gnarly man it was gnarly skid action
that was awesome
kay lupus let's see your skid nice
Wicked Witch of the West all right
action baby it hurts like dad film it
okay she is perfect
oh ho are you trying to skid didn't work
too well you still look beautiful though
say I know dad I know dad can ask you a
few questions come here real quick so
the last couple days I've caught you
watching Shh art videos multiple times I
want you to talk to me about why you
watch those videos you don't know why
are they fun to watch do you think
that's why you watch them kicking you
know a lot of other people watch our
videos - its kind of ironic to me that
you love watching our videos as much as
thousands and thousands of other people
that's why though I do you like it when
you're on the videos are you like oh yes
that's me it's my favorite part
what's your favorite video yeah you have
a favorite video come here I want you to
talk to me why do you think that they're
so fun to watch why are the shades hard
videos so fun to watch interesting what
they do that's us by the way what's
interesting about what they do / - sir
what's your hypothesis why do you think
shade hard videos are fun to watch I was
walking over here I was thinking the
same thing it's just fun to watch cause
it's watching your memories is like I
remember that time it's really fun to
watch so if that's fun for you to watch
because you're remembering old good
memories and good times that we had I
can understand that
but why do you think other people watch
our videos of good times that we have
Emme is the comedian what do you doing
no I'm gonna do a dance for us mm-hmm
well I guess I can see why people watch
our videos all right knock it off on
this steep hill I'm going yeah i might
extend not a month bike put the stars
gonna get back for having a fun times
you were just about to go up to the
property and then we wanted to do this
so then we done this look at my bike now
it yes can I go to dad go up the hill
Wow okay get on can you climb up here
jump 1 2 there jump ah okay you ready
yeah okay Oh who's going for a run in
there new some new shoes these are
really comfortable how maybe
well I'll tell you after three big
Ronnie good you run hmm do we have a
prong collar are you going for three
miles
I'm gonna try hello impressive okay I
didn't really digest my food
yeah I'm still digesting my coffee salad
I gotta do it though if I don't do it
now I'm not gonna do it no go get him
okay I'm gonna see how tight that bum is
when you're done Oh
how was your card is that fun hey hey
that fun oh my god it's taking too much
water crazy either water garden yeah
you've been drop a water oh there's
water on you guys get some water on your
face well pretty soon you won't have any
kids to splash in the tub the old
people's fashion or sex we do not charge
flash really tough to get your bag
seriously guys look at Chez mommy can I
do this
try three times a day because of you
then here cuz your hand water falls then
this counter is a little bit too tall
for him
like strains on his neck so I thought
honey will hey Eddie there it's me the
enslave tyrant what no that's dumb
um it's like uh I'm gonna create a new
character called the end slate pirate
arrr mateys welcome to jump off deep leg
to the more Shaytards videos it's like a
mix of a pirate and a cowboy I don't
know what I'm doing all right so uh
thank you for watch our videos twenty
minute vlog today ah that's not too
shabby for ya one more day in every day
of July vlogging you guys now the
Blake's here we're gonna see if we can't
try to get something up on the Shaytards
every Saturday and Sunday maybe I'm not
gonna promise daily vlogs but we're
gonna try to get stuff up as much as
possible we're gonna be shooting a lot
of stuff
speaking of which helped me pay for
Blake I hired Blake to move out here and
I need to help pay his salary so please
go watch the Gran Fondo race video and
then the behind the scenes video we're
gonna be doing a lot of stuff like that
I want to just take the whole family and
go on these big adventures and film it
and make cool videos and we'll have
behind the scenes videos and vlogs
that's my goal that's what I want to do
that's my in what do we what do you do
now Shae I just want to go do fun things
with all the family make a cool video
out of it behind the scenes and vlog it
so a lot of those polished videos that
Blake makes are going to be on the
shaycarl channel so please click today
on the feeling lucky button and you go
check that out and we're gonna have so
many more adventures planned all right
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow as
always click on the video love Isis
