got a good workout feel better I don't
know if I burned off all the cupcakes
but I don't care because I'm working and
working out
two left
according to Carly Stiles professional
marathon training expert we have to run
nine miles on Saturday I've been reading
a lot on how victims training program we
have nine miles on Saturday so what are
we doing today
three yeah we're gonna have collect
drive us nine miles out of town enter we
have to get back to do that when I was
fat but I would walk
I hope make her drop me off in it I
can't see you at home okay so I wheezed
out three miles yesterday me and Carly
22.6 the other day what are we doing
today 3:00 tomorrow 3:00 on Thursday
rest on Friday 9:00 that's gonna be
killer
today's perfect weather is oh she's uh
waked here to train with us we woke him
up you know he's filming the marathon he
can't run the marathon sir he'll run it
with a camera he'll run it with a
Steadicam all right here we go
let's train all right well we're doing
it Carly we're training yeah so we grew
up it's weird we're at 1 mile that's the
most frustrating part cuz I know how
much work it's gonna take to get back to
us I can only do it one step at a time
so put your shoes on and get out there
all right Carly where we get 6 miles so
6 miles first one took is 96 we don't
talk about that
we don't care a split 3.06 miles very
challenging very difficult high level of
uncomfortableness oh dude you guys what
a lucky day it is for me mr. fancy pants
came over they might bad they're my pads
aren't they would be bad to go close a
bank loan case case you know finance the
make sure I got my hair my boys eye
level marketing it's not a pyramid now
let me tell you you'll sign up it's
anyway buddy then all signed up under
your knees would you like to do it
because we want to create more time with
our family you're a Mormon and you've
been in a pyramid scheme you know we're
joking about but you know some of those
well it's just very prevalent in this
area in like southeastern Idaho Utah
come on other Mormon people how many of
you have ever done amway ACN Xango how
many multi-level marketing things did we
do back here listen I'm glad we started
talking about this because you know what
multi-level marketing taught me without
even me knowing it I was thinking about
this the other day I was like there's
one thing that I learned from all those
multi-level marketing scams or whatever
is numbers numbers how exponential
numbers can be huge because they would
show you they wouldn't line up and say
if you get this many people and you get
this many people there were people that
were doing this
ACN this phone company thing this guy
that I knew was making thirty thousand
dollars a month doing this thing and if
that's they pitch you right they get you
to come to the thing they're like this
guy though he knows doing this he's
making this much money they show you the
numbers and to me at that time and Matt
like conceptualising thirty thousand
dollars a month was impossible but now
knowing that a guy did that it opened up
my brain to that possibility so those
multi-level marketing things now that I
do what I do with YouTube and like
numbers and how you like share and it
can like just be exponential like this
through this pyramid wasn't all bad even
though I did lose a lot of money I
remember what was was the first one
wheat that you got me signed up on ACN
yeah it was five hundred dollars to sign
up I put that on a five hundred dollar
credit card that I had that's how
pathetic I was like one of the worst
decisions I've ever made I know it's not
because it all led to some room Logan
and then you 500 dollars well spent on a
credit card that's like I mean nightmare
I would never do that No
yeah I remember we went we would Rove
down all right well thanks I'll sign up
I'll send you that email I'll get you
those papers okay give me those papers I
know just keep calling me three times a
day friends and family call me six times
the next week to see if I got my hey dad
did you hurry about this new phone
service listen all you have to do it's a
it's a what is it Casey it's a monopoly
we got to switch we got to fight the
monopoly dad you want to sign up
remember I was doing ACM yeah my poor
grandpa he would always just try to be
nice and he would sign up for all these
things that I was crazy anyways have you
ever done in a multi-level marketing
thing have you what's your experience
with it good morning I came attack of
the giant cold sir day I think something
just dawned on baby turn so I came home
I went for a three-mile run yay me it's
such a good person oh so I'm out of
shape so bad three miles is hard for me
and then I came home probably like 8:30
and baby Turner was sitting here
watching Shaytards vlogs remember and
she was the only one up this one right
here which is a really good one I was
watching it with her it's so funny I'm
like uploading shayloss videos by the
way the Gran Fondo videos up my mobile
of latina right now I'm just in here
doing this and I catch myself just like
watching the vlog you mean like oh yeah
I remember that
and it was like I did have radio break
with Adam James on this one school
anyways baby chart is realizing that if
she's in the vlogs then she'll see
herself in the vlogs
alright yes cardio in 25 minutes of like
go get it girl go get it girl bombs and
go get her back in cardio alright we're
gonna do some golfing not real golf and
just practice golfing doing some driving
and Logan's acting like he's 9 years old
again hey watch this one dad watch this
one shade watch I can hit this thing
Shay Shay dad watch watch watch - a
watch killed it as part of the best
summer ever we're out here getting
active let's see that swing bro
keep it tight nice and tight he said he
hit it a hundred yards what's your
farthest one 100 yards marker okay give
me another one
come on concentrate on that ball keep
your head down keep it right on the ball
and there's whack it nah he's nice
that's 45 yards keep it up Blake O'Neal
has a nice left-handed swing check this
one out see it Blakey nailed it it
sounded good to Grandpa you having a
good time yeah hey dad I'll paint
hundred bucks okay 100 bucks and you
take off your shirt and you run across
the field out there it's screaming sorry
I love my son Shane I'm not that cheap I
wouldn't do it
thousand bucks are you doing left-handed
okay
Blake's left-handed he's gonna shoot
right-handed Logan's right-handed he's
gonna shoot left-handed so they're
having a contest so you can hit the
other way the farthest Logan McKay is up
first let's see what he can do no
practice swings Logan oh that's a roller
you're about 63 yards all right let's
see what Blake can get it passed a
hundred yards let's see it maybe your
natural Lefty
it's like Blake's gonna pound this thing
alright right-handed Blake not too
shabby
that's 150 with Carly she's showing us
some back moves and some dance moves
we're totally doing dance move don't
tell ya I have 3 cupcakes and a giant
slab of that prime rib last night oh my
gosh
it was so good I know after crime Rev
I'm like do I want to be vegetarian no
definitely not
it's really good my room anyways now we
gotta work it off mom's mad at Carly's
dog nice tenants Molly mom yeah Molly
dug a bunch of holes in our backyard
Carly needs a Carly's in trouble mom's
mad at the dog alright it's Jeff Prince
tired of hitters go well come on let's
see the sweet shot no wait well here
like chop it down like a tree do that
was a nice shot
boom all right let's see it girl you
look cute I like your toenail polish
I'm very cute let's see it
what are you doing let me give you a
lesson
you're like chopping it
Logan you taught her to do that all
right let's see it nice
ok last part of the workout we're gonna
get some cardio and I'm just starting
with walking I think
some hit training car that was telling
me to do like sprint and then walked and
then sprint and then walk so I'm gonna
try that hand is already getting it oh I
did not feel motivated today but know
what you just got to do it okay I hit 2
miles that was my goal two miles I did
some sprinting some walking and I'm
watching the really dumb chopping show
see do guys want to buy that picture
do you want to pay twenty dollars a
month for six months by that picture oh
no don't do it it's a dumb idea and a
dumb picture
sorry Shopping Network anyways I got a
good workout feel better I don't know if
I burned off all the cupcakes but I
don't care cuz I'm working or working in
out now I'm crazy I just hit that
adrenaline where your endorphins are
like okay okay so we have a late not a
late night but it's an evening emergency
you guys know I don't know if you know
actually princess chard has been
complaining of like a kind of a stomach
ache muscle ache for a couple days now
and I thought it was maybe kidney
infection so we were giving her lots of
water and cranberry juice and stuff and
then we thought made our a bladder
infection then we thought maybe it was
like appendicitis but I just talked to
my sister who is a medical professional
and she thinks it's a displaced rib so I
think because you slept on the couch one
night and you woke up with a really sore
side and so we think it's a rib so she
can fix that so we're gonna go to her
right now and Trust in her skills and
I'm gonna help watch her baby I needed
uber to help that baby huh okay we're
here in the tranquil working room my
sister and she figured out she thinks
she has a stuck rib so we get to get a
rib fix while we watch Despicable Me
I feel fine now my ribs okay and CV
worked on them I'm feeling great
there's still a little sore but if you
want to you can click Subscribe if you
want to subscribe or if you want to you
can watch a feeling lucky video in the
yesterday's vlog and if you want watch
one through five years ago those who
cook on any of that thank you thanks for
watching if they don't want to though do
you think they should still anyways no
that's not we want to tell them that
they have to do it they don't know yes
you guys don't have to click on all the
videos but if you want to you can't you
feeling better yeah if you smiling a lot
I don't know I love you okay see you
guys tomorrow bye
