happy birthday to you and many more all
right we get some boiled eggs here we
got some potatoes here
I am trying my first hand at potato
salad making it that is right folks I've
never made a potato salad you can say oh
no there's Kitty's outside yeah we
sounder get in there and they're still
here this thing no we already have six
cats
yeah did you feed them that's the
question did you think them okay if you
feed them there we'll say so don't eat
down your sweat we have to wait and see
cuz somebody with you ran away
nothing Kitty's went away for god I have
never run away to Grandma's house yeah
they are here come back we're just
learning Emma oh no we're out of
birthday party daddy's getting covered I
don't want to do that I didn't tell the
camera look at the camera hey I'm going
to catch all your balloons
Oh dad you ruined the plan
I didn't I have been at this party for
30 okay no heart no more no more he's
got a camera no more ain't covered your
damn birthday party and you weren't here
they'll go we're sure okay no I don't
know right no more I'm pulling the
positive thank you though it's really
impression well you look great babe it
looks great what do you I'm candy
all right Rock chart has an aluminum bat
that Emily oh yeah okay don't anybody in
the face okay hey
okay hold on put a blindfold put 12
blindfolds on him he'll cheat we're
gonna blind on this no peeking wow
you're a teacher you're a peeker and you
see open so many thumb you're whacking
it but you guys are too Oh jeepers
cocaine back up everybody back it up
back it up well we want this video to go
viral but for good reasons
yeah three got 12 stitches at a birthday
party Oh My heck he is here swinging for
the fail oh that's nice yeah dude that
was sweet all right
loofa smih goofus hold on to that bat
tight young lady
squeeze the grip oh no are you drunk
it's not even close keep walking
straight a hundred paces oh there you go
one more time
get it nice there you go good job baby
cars Oh big sister one swing head up
wait hold on you guys don't go don't go
watch out
kill it get it got it nice what's up all
right it's that time again
are you masculine
I brought my helpers this time last time
I brought just the baby and he was
terrified just the sound of the vacuum
scared him to death so I have the girls
with me this time he's very healthy and
they're helpful
what's that oh yeah I made a potato
salad for the party today and it was a
hit it's the first potato salad I've
ever made it everybody loved and I'm so
happy I know how to make tater salad
guys all right let's get this hardly get
it it's not blood they're just spraying
blood on it through the car wash
oh you're supposed to hug him making
puppy hello round two guess we can't
take the baby through the car wash
anymore
we're going jogging
come on jogging to the bottom of the
property I know Kristin I don't have a
hand strap pretty strong people don't
like it we call it the property I guess
that some snooty which we call it the
ranch some people just met no you got a
run we're jogging get over it for real
all the progress is we're gonna wanna
for a job she's checking out her new
jogging stroller that is awesome
the dogs are loving it when you shot it
no but you know you can do you can use
your two frickin feet that you got and
use them to run well there she goes like
a bullet
all right so I wanna have a record heat
lesson right oh you learning you get
known to you every week your kids okay
I have run that whoo let's see do it you
reckon
don't posture pick your nose again
that's it
good didn't make your teeth itch when I
have whenever I see somebody that's
brushing their teeth it makes my teeth
itch where I want to brush my teeth so
bad I can't watch somebody brush their
teeth without me not wanting to brush my
teeth I somehow feel like my teeth itch
for the toothbrush do you want to brush
your teeth right now how many times a
day do you brush your teeth
I don't know as soon as I cut I do at
least one a day I brush every night I
use it a rush in the morning I should
rest in the morning that's gross hey me
Tommy's back what are you doing a job
you're really good
attorney I don't know no are you dad
anybody knows who they to clean my teeth
Browne absolute job exciting
Breanna bringing me loud okay three more
bad that's more than yeah hey guys guess
what today is
Casey's birthday so we are making
cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes yep
we had um we made some other ones
earlier but may Jose mrs. parkus yeah is
that what this is uh yeah sure and then
baby boy and then I made this one for
him it says case then he's gonna blow
the candles out with the matches no no
so weird
so we can play those roles less
delicious want to eat one here you go
guys well I'm happy Sunday to you
it's a very warm sunny Sunday afternoon
here in Idaho we are here together as a
family
everybody's here together right now
Casey's 33rd birthday so everybody's up
here what up breath oh it's him so I
think I think mr. handsome well what am
i doing to run gone right now I just did
it for Logan okay you want it to her
yeah
all right this is gonna be the full
bathroom with shower here this is going
to be we go back out of the windows of
course all of them you think all of them
Oh
got you guys got a little exclusive
would be a big screen monitor right here
the computer baby right here I'm going
to do couch couch okay hop so view in
the area for that speakers from there
they're pointing this one do we get to
keep the moose antlers okay over the
four dogs a burger hold on I'm getting
the Grand Tour of the new studio yeah
there's like 800 cats in here when they
just go to sleep song like oh I suggest
I like that area camera shooting this
way like that green screen there cool so
this is where the podcast is going to
happen guys when the kids at Blake
brought the actual sign that when the
kids go to sleep sign is here so we're
basically building this 2dl so we can
shoot everything here and just keep
everything going
flexi glass so you can see through girls
this is the steer new studio so you
mount you know all those hit songs
you're about to write hurry up and get
writing them because Blake's here and
he's about to build you a studio and
that this is gonna be a plexiglass so we
can see you things so the solemn work is
gonna go right here rough the soundboard
is gonna go right here off exactly rough
you got to come down to I know for three
days wiring the podcast will go up and
over it's gonna be straight you look at
me stages nice you know white psyche
whatever Thanks
nice it's gonna be exciting really
making a lot of stuff in here you guys
we make a lot of music videos in here
yeah we're gonna make it Plexiglas
that's gonna be your music studio are
you being careful with those cats hey
whitey
how are things going around here whitey
you enjoying it cuz you're you better
enjoy it now because you're gonna be
kicked out soon you have to the cats you
guys realize tomorrow
the cats are moving to the barn okay
Blake's here now Blake's here to build
the studio the cats gotta go I'm sorry
they're gonna be a outdoor hunting mice
cats and we've been kind of like
strengthening them and now we're gonna
get them like a house out here in the
barn and stuff but there there's how
many mice REM mice there should be zero
nice how many cats are in here right now
eight we have eight cats look he left
is that your favorite one
Oh dad what yeah you guys these kids
were jumping off the trailer onto a
beanbag these are crazy all right let's
go dinner with uncle Casey all right
I can't Justin do happy birthday I would
have never bought myself dress boots but
something I've always wanted
yeah do you like that buddy shop touring
the world did you can just watch old
concerts and wear them I'm going to put
them on and just watch youtube videos Oh
George Strait I have four chelated micro
he's gonna wear just those boots from
now on I've always wanted Justin dishes
never would've never telephone Daisy
walking naked in those boots down away
yeah that's my bottom that's why bottom
form
well they don't fit but they're also
going way too tight yeah I told you -
dad they're nines what size do you wear
I told you we need a nine and a half
socks try socks we'll slime on probably
some socks somebody happy birthday to
you and many more happy birthday oh no
he just started a forest fire no big
deal nobody good with TCG I need each
evidence mouth Milla's buddy I want to
eat one like that life like that all
right
from off the back of the house Casey's
gonna wing an arrow
you guys better not ever come trying to
sneak on our property cuz Casey Casey
Jess is looking for stuff to shoot at
tagged that deer see that deer right
there that's like that's like freaking
Robin Hood stuff that's probably 70
yards away look at that right in the
middle of that deer oh he's got it
just to clarify you're closing one eye
ranks it look like you're closing both
your eyes that's how good he is he can
close both of his eyes
there actually is a guy who did that
dude that would hurt so bad to get shot
by one of those
all right so Casey's just sit on his
deck and he shoots three arrows right
into this deer look at that first shot
that's the first shot right in the
middle did you purposely put him like
that he was just trying to show you how
to get you high low and medium nice
shootin Tex I honestly feel bad for
anything that comes within 300 yards of
Casey's house because there's arrows and
bullets and all kinds of things just
come out the backdoor of that thing oh
you guys okay big day the Gran Fondo
video is up it's on my shaycarl Channel
please please please go watch it it was
such a good time you guys saw us there
for the vlogs we're in Logan Utah with
the whole family me Ron Casey Logan my
mom and dad were there everybody was
there click on that feeling lucky button
to go check out the Gran Fondo race
video it is live there is also a
behind-the-scenes vlog clip that's on
the shayloss channel so two videos went
up today that I want you to check both
of them out I'll put the links below
thank you for always supporting us
clicking thumbs up leaving us nice
comments I've really seen comment the
level of comments just increase the last
couple days so you guys are awesome
thanks for that click on yesterday's
vlog and you going through the trade
hours to do one two three four five
years ago you don't you do rittany let
me see you tomorrow
