all right it's the birthday boys but all
right it's the birthday that's the tenth
right there no you give it to her at
your test just have a nice yes not it's
the outside Casey made prime rail then
you can all solve off of it is it really
something is it really that bad she is
the outside we're gays like a flavor
look in case of flavors let's not stee
and it's good let's get Steve cook
health here I listen pile of salt meat
life isn't one that looks like a baby
cow how many he grabs a protein in that
Steve approximately 238
no there's probably like how much really
in that in that mm you think Kalin look
at that meat right there that is the
best way to eat a steak knife is it good
she'll have salty structure this salty
though this is deep way to say don't
like it though it's you encrusted it so
you're not supposed to pick up any salt
lake's here this is the best ranch in
the world
I've been taking sticks of butter so
good the ranch is you guys know
shout-out to my homies at Tremont and
they come at this ranch in the wool
would Oprah more pick up any salt give
Jackson some see if he likes come on
here's three tea ready yet niggas three
tea oh we got one half yeah that's funny
meet some prime rib good yeah those
damage done flake approves it's good
meat like damn like at that rare though
I mean all right it is kinky see look at
Tilly's guys mm it's my brethren I love
you guys
he's 33 years old today and we'd rather
who kept 150 dollar piece of meat it's
really salty it's gnarly man read
yeah I have to do a one taker and the
baby he's licking my arm okay you have
to go eat some that prime rib coming no
it's really rare dude did I just have my
freaking finger over them oh if I just
had my finger over the speaker during
that whole clip I'm gonna hate myself
forever Carl if you're vlogging never
stick your finger over the speaker Oh
always making up Haley dang it I hope I
didn't all right where you're hanging
out it is Casey's birthday he's 33 years
old today we're riding in the mountains
we're cooking up prime rib we're sitting
here talking to our elders respecting
them the whole time we respect you so
much mr. goatee I hear dead words all
the kids at are you down at the house my
kiss I don't rap aw that's your job up
here I think the kids go down that big
old house where all the kids go Lake
that's part of your job you know what
you have to babysit not only do you
shoot and edit videos such as baby
Wrangler yeah Kringle those babies up
okay where'd all those kids go mom some
are in the basement watching movie oh
let's go so head is the basic okay hey
hey Casey you really like Gran Fondo
bike race video is going up tomorrow on
the shaker Oh watch it but please hold
on let me tell you don't blink within
the first five seconds because if you do
you won't see you're in there I showed
Casey the cut in the first ten seconds
you're together you're in there you'll
see count how many times Casey's in
there to my dude but you're in the
you're in the behind-the-scenes a ton
with a lot of funny lines okay so
there's two videos going up tomorrow you
guys the shade well it's gonna be on the
shaycarl Channel we're going down here
in the dungeon let's go down the
shaycarl channel it's gonna be the Shay
Carl it's the Gran Fondo bike race hey
everybody we're doing one take Sunday
you have to be in one take Sunday I want
you to name every one of these animals
down here yes
you guys ready eat yes it's not time to
eat okay
the salt-encrusted prime rib is ready
isn't come up and eat it
hey Bray huh what are you guys watching
here oh yeah all right so this is the
doom den of deer oh that's a
three-letter alliteration the doom den
of deer the doom the debt the deer did
my god a spectrum right down here Oh is
my price Tigers what should i watch
tonight there's antlers I just named it
the doomed den of deer does this smell a
little bit like hide in here no it's
good leather dude it's good Mother's
yeah boy what are we watching her that's
good leather here this is Mikey this is
luck see my brother has it's his
birthday
look I'm very proud of my brother
because he started his own business he
has his own hunting channel on YouTube
it's called hussion with LaVere and this
is what he does to provide food for his
family and also to dead animals in of
case but every one of these animals
represents an adventure and good story
behind us so go watch cases videos
that's what he does it makes videos of
his hunts anyways new bike race videos
me up and then on the trail awesome to
be behind the scenes okay one take
sunday funny meaning left to say Logan I
can't remember I was vlogging I couldn't
count many kids are done four of them
rocks not down there remember today mom
last tip for the one take Sunday's
people of the of the world
come on something deep mom thousands of
people are listening right now
okay oh come here tell us about really
good for Halloween what I'd remember the
perfect marriage is two imperfect people
who never got that's what makes a
perfect marriage all right that is very
good advice because it's not easy it's
hard work it's stressful sometimes
Bronson Zeek just had a big fight over
me a result no uh where they bite biting
each other it's funny because Zeek is
like two times the size from Bronx Bronx
will stand up too but when they fight
long enough she will take them over yeah
Bronx is strong he's stronger I had to
get after him the other night I have to
feed him separately let's get him on the
deck it gets the hair start standing up
being like they're really good friends
yeah but they get too much of each other
they're frenemies because they spend a
lot of time together then when there's
food they kind of lose it and it's like
hair and teeth and the kids are like
whoa seeking Bronx are fighting he's
crazy all right when takes a day happy
birthday to my brother Casey levere go
subscribe to his channel
kiss my main channel he has daily blogs
to follow him on Twitter do it do it do
it
that's okay this is where we turn up hey
Steve hates that when his brother is his
girlfriend's brother actually dude all
the time see why do you hate it so bad
when your girlfriend's brothers pinch
your nipples eat right out of the plot
book
welcome all right
Blanco nails in town we're gonna make
some sweet videos coming soon tell them
Gran Fondo video on Monday Monday yeah
come on in scenes yeah and behind the
single trailer check it out okay we're
out who's driving my brother wish you
had a birthday
