judges you are the comments you are the
judges so you have to base 50% on
presentation and 50% of cost you have to
be weird cuz yeah I can't be like
English in the cutest okay ah it's
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
hello welcome to the vlogs we figured it
might snow today so let's get a little
cozy what are you doing tattoo face what
is that única rob a bank
Oh scary
she's Macho Man Randy Savage and tattoo
King what do you guys like a wrestling
duo with a perm wrestling guy with a
perm
dude don't kick open all right you guys
were going on a little adventure me and
the girls apparently they've built some
forts that I haven't seen yet so we're
gonna go check out the forks and see if
we can improve on the fort really windy
in the speaker's right now Oh probably
not too bad I think it's been worse but
it is cold that's for sure a little
chilly
and we just kind of ditched the guys so
hopefully they figure out that we're
gone no wait
hopefully they don't figure out ever
gone for a while not just kidding we
know they know where we are come on oh
my gosh you guys this is what happens
when you walk by a cackle burr bush look
at that oh my gosh this is ton of them I
seriously all I did was walk by it
Brewed I'm that means there's leaves I
look leaves confetti for hay was
beautiful I'm bothered by steps all
right so we're already going to a pre
what what oh no she got attacked - looks
like there's a bunch of bugs Sonny was
like okay it does it looks like there's
a rodent on your arm
cuz I can feel it you know just thistles
and cockle burrs alright we made it to
the fort oh look at this nice grove of
trees that is fun
my for because my leg is hanging up in
the dress oh wait what
let me come see she said you know it's
her for it because her lipstick is
hanging off of a branch you got to have
lipstick when you have a fort in the
woods ladies it's a very important
lipstick port okay up here let's see it
where's your lipstick are you using it
here so money great Amy yes I do
maybe just give me a job what's my job
again there seems to be a lot around us
I think I'm living in there's the
lipstick where's your bed looks
comfortable or dressy cuz it I could
hold like a roof I did hurry Jack rocks
is right there rocks right there so I'm
putting as much six I can to cover it
cuz he said that he always comes through
here into my house oh so it's low out of
my house so I had to put sticks there so
he doesn't have it oh well least your
earmuffs are really cute look at Avia
she is just getting it branch oh all
right
what hurt you're cute all right God
we'll find some long sticks guys oh my
goodness it looks like you're Bob yeah
gonna be Bob looks like you guys got
into the Halloween stuff you're such a
cool Bob hey Bob ha ha ha here take this
downstairs and vlog get all the
Halloween stuff okay hi guys
forget it put off daddy the Halloween
stuff out
hi guys yeah hey can you plug this hi
Bob sup everybody I'm just kidding right
for Halloween getting all the stuff out
it's exciting I like this we're all a
little late I would say they're great
Halloween starts September 29 Hey more
light okay yes you have to look you
would like the whole scene so much as
you possibly can I mean I proposed to
mid-september anybody know how to do
this that's some tough math Gavin
Halloween decorating has commenced I
told the kids I'm not decorating all
this year so they have to do all of it
but maybe not blue tape can I just put
that that opinion in there's no cutie
where's the masking tape that we used
for the bracelets let that take the
paint off though won't a point oh you
think masking tape well yeah the blue
look just looked kind of funny
wait wait what when masking tape is not
as it's a little bit stickier than that
but not as sticky as duct tape no but it
is also preppy yeah why not work with
your hello
is this a Halloween decoration yeah you
stick here you would go look in my
office I love it and we're having
spaghetti tonight
it's cooking the meat and then we'll mix
the sauce in with it we've got the
noodles go in and then of course we'll
have some garlic bread
and we've got a dragon I feel like
you're Pete and the dragon you could be
Pete's dragon for Christopher for
Christmas for Halloween and you could be
Pete and the dragon oh look how cute he
is who were that last didn't that'd be
great
I mean that's a great costume idea daddy
probably give me that probably yeah
bitch galatin I need your opinion Shrek
of this on this side or on put on the
side this yeah okay but I need your
permission side on the counter yeah but
not while I'm cooking okay
all right Daxton is the tattoo dragon
with numchucks
nunchucks or nunchucks nunchucks oh my
gosh okay I I call he's the best sorry
that's a idea Vlad snag yeah he has the
best costume so far if anybody wants to
try to beat dachshund in the costume oh
wait wait wait well well this just got
even better
he is the tattooed construction working
dragon with nunchucks ninja animal a
dragon the tattooed ninja dragon boy
your hard hat man I don't know what you
want to call it it's sort of creeping me
out a little bit though yeah the
schoolís off oh he's just getting going
dude we had a lot more or a lot more
accessories to add case you didn't tie
pies you win guys in the studio by my
face
Jackson he's distracted there's another
tattooed crazy
warrior hey Brock you can't just steal
his costume broke okay we have a
contestant in her little smart Out Boy
hey as you can tell it's very sassy
infant father's a I coughs you
want a little bit of dirty and bang
Korea mr. pirate with some Cinderella
bath with michael radford egg the teeny
bit cowboy and it can't forget the cubox
anyways I think that I think what did
you say he's found he's look chummy ha
ha ha tell me in the comments with you
like Michael Jackson cowboy or the
construction worker little sub dragon
okay there you go
Oh true Oh such a damper whoops I just
lip you're alright Oh true oh you're
alright little apple eating dragon
you're pretty cool too
i pioneer construction working bakery
pastry chef pirate slash Halloween wit
all right I've just been informed we've
got some very steep competition with
this costume contest right now um are
you guys ready for this brace yourselves
judges you are the comics you are the
judges so you have to base 50% on
presentation and 50% on cost and it has
to be
yeah I can't be like English into cutest
okay
oh you will be going first on hesitation
ecology so I got my beautiful baby tight
shirt and the bikini will skirt in
bikini and what are you I am crazy beach
girl crazy Beach grow okay and then and
that's people love it and you've got
pumpkins in your Trick or Treat basket
crazy shoes oh yes gotta love it and I
got a little hop to bag nice lots of
cute bracelets everybody needs one
Jackie upon and
nice nice Emma's your name it is called
beautiful be take care of it okay yes I
have a wig and and who are you I
crazy spiral you're so cool it have a
jacket so Pat I'm so glad I love it love
it
I am Supergirl but is too it over
Becky's I don't know I know cuz I didn't
pay attention at school um my name is me
honey I am a little bit of a cheerleader
I like to cheer and batgirl also don't
tell anybody I also have this
Jerry oh I use these scissors to cut his
hair cause it grows very fast every
single day
it's tearing so fast it's like all
taking the other person like Jerry keep
the animated space and it just doesn't
keep it out of my face and it's online
anyways that's my costume my name is
Kenny and I'm a fairy girl
and yeah thank you very much you love it
nice to meet you Kenny say I vote for
Kenny the Prairie girl okay
what would any of you like some
spaghetti while you're waiting for the
votes to come in my vote for petty Beach
girl okay I'm making spaghetti uh yes it
does Oh forbidden tear right Avia just
eating the bread
oh it's Kenny sorry I got you guys look
ah it's beginning to look like you go
take a look at the 5 and 10 won in the
park is less the sturdy kind that
doesn't mine the snow it's beginning to
look a lot like Christmas keys you're
now Jeff well who's gonna do the very
first snow angel are we ready for this
snow to pile up all in front of the door
again
no we need to clean up our backyard
there's like toys still out my god what
if we get like the foot of snow
a pair of Hopalong boots and a pistol
that shoots is the wish of dhania Ben
and Dolls little talk and go for a walk
is the hope of Chiana sing Oh where'd it
go caddie here what come look out son
lead he just got out of bed
look Daxton see that snowing
yeah is that exciting Johanna go out and
see it try to catch a snowflake in your
mouth yeah go out there dad's gonna do
it I guess I better go out there I love
the snow so cool to celebrate the first
snow look those are big snowflakes Wow
Maxon who's that you guys ready for
winter it's coming if you want it or not
whoo that cold you go whoo I'm cold I'm
going back inside these flakes are huge
have in your eyes your hair make a snow
snowball adjust this daddy
yo muy mucho gracias for watching the
vlogs we appreciate you guys hey the new
Colette line is up on trucks and calm
right now
you can click on that little tricks and
logo right there on your screen and go
see these brand new designs that Colette
just she designed him I'm so proud of
her and they fit bigger to some of you
guys are complaining they're too small
these are have their bigger sizes so go
check it out tricks and calm see you
tomorrow
