hi I'm login here hey who's that
ah that's an ad that's cool
smart Crocs smart marketing my friends
find your fun
it's a pre-roll ad for a Shaytards video
that's pretty cool
these guys are watching old videos like
they do every day they like to wake up
and watch old Shaytards oh yeah what
you'll be scary
this one's called baby zombie brother
and it's a really scary like Halloween
baby that thing right there with rock
tart and he wanted to see it because he
doesn't remember holding that you were
scared you remember that was crazy huh
look what you did
did you get lotion all over you do you
remember that you do remember that why
did you get all that lotion on you
because I did it's crazy to go back
watch these old videos especially
because the videos from two years ago I
was skinny hey baby boy
ha ha you guys see that second tooth on
the bottom is rolling through the skin
it's in it and we're waiting for those
top two now is it officially in it's
officially and Oh men cheat on me or my
sister November the camera cried big
baby hey I think I guess what's going on
uh sure Carl here driver today so far
your uber I'll be your uber driver today
ma'am
LAX Java we would like to go get our
nails done oh wait you don't want to do
that okay you know why we bought this
car probably because of uber because we
were in so many of these in like New
York in California we called uber or
like we need a car like this no they are
nice I just asked my wife this question
I said babe what are we gonna do handles
or knobs
I just thought are we at that point in
our life where that's what we're talking
about handles are not and we'll have a
45 minute discussion on Pro handles we
have found out in this building process
and it's getting more as we're getting
into more of the details that me and
Colette have very distinct opposite
design ideas
yes and so much so I think it's gonna be
interesting to see what the house looks
like when it's done there are definitely
things that I felt like okay I
compromise on that and I think there's
things for him that he's definitely
compromised for me so it'll be
interesting to see how it comes together
I've got to the point where like you
know I it's not that big of a deal I
kind of like that too yes let's go with
that right but I think what's good is I
feel like we kind of both come to a
place where it's a cool choice like I
like what we come up with together you
know like in those moments where we're
not giving up but we find something that
we both agree on those are fun moments
in the relationship you like that yes
you like that yes good boy let's do that
that's awesome
put a nail in because most of our day
spent like Owen then we can do this here
no I don't like that what that'll look
awesome no that's ugly baby like why
can't we have three candelabra sconces
because I don't like to do it on oh no
no you I know I like I wanted you to do
a two candelabra sconce
you gotta learn these terms to jeez we
used to call him scum there's bones
google.x gone what's a sconce it's gone
anyways just like silly little fights
about why she doesn't like to light
bulbs you want to decorate
- I think it looks better if you
decorate with odd numbers like threes or
five and maybe Karly kind of taught me
that and I've just kind of wowed have
known this before I got married out of
it a lot of different such a way she's
is my I more to see things in odd
numbers
this odd number of things is really
throwing me off back reading so we're
still learning we've been married almost
12 years and we're still learning about
each other we have yeah we are we're
learning about all those little things
we hate about it well I've read and I've
heard that when you build a house
together you build or just learn a lot
about your marriage you learn a lot
about your babe no can tear us apart
nothing will serve once's granite
countertops handles are not but I love
you how to make out here right now
ha but I'm your uber driver and that
would be very unprofessional yes eyes on
the road sir yes ma'am
LAX Harley Maria Butler what is why did
you bring doughnuts over first thing
first we would feel really bad by eating
them all and then so we'd want to go run
out here cute I'm in here making fun of
her don't tell her she looks cute I love
it so I'm in grace yes the sunflower
princess has arrived
but summer ever the sunflower princesses
yeah give me a bite of this ready you
bite it I'll bite it yeah Jake it's
lemonade oh that's yummy why did you
bring cooked seriously I'm not eating
any you know what hey listen it was
interesting to see that box because when
I came in and rock chart had one in the
garage I was gonna have a bite and in my
mind I'm like no I've got to get ready
for this marathon so I did not have a
bite of his cut of ribs doughnuts how
many have you had Carly you look fine
you can have a doughnut you could have
six doughnuts Carly eat six doughnuts
right now eat six doughnuts because they
want to come in we're all in here
talking about doughnuts and hanging out
at sunflower princess and they can't
come in that looks like a lot of fun I
don't want to come in how many doughnuts
have you had by the way
don't lie to me one-and-a-half that
seems like a giant under exaggeration
what are you doing in here on the
internet you watching Shh art videos
Disneyland dance party how many videos
have you watched today so you guys not
only do you spend your summer without my
glasses still on watching the Shaytards
but the Shaytards spend their summer
watching the Shaytards has she been in
there watching those since I left we
left there that should be a thumbnail of
all them we traded Bronx for Gavin this
weekend is that a good trade
I think that's an unfair trade I think
Casey got the better end of the deal
Gavin is like adding a small you and
your course he's so good yeah but Bronx
you better behave yourself buster
I'm gonna have one of these that's what
I'm having right now I'm cutting me one
of those things up right now it's called
watermelon yep yep I love you Oh dad who
dad princess and cuckoos ooh dude you
look like a kid that's been hanging out
this in the summertime honey Isis you
had today
one just one oh my goodness I have not
exercised since this line came on my
skin have I have I exercised at all
since that big line went on my skin not
remember we got killer Lita Sun Princess
here are you ready we're going running
how far right let's just run until we
can't anymore okay solemn dead oh that's
great run whoa whoa
so today listen with your boobs away you
baby feeder today Carly what is the
marathon I need dates I need a hundred
days it's July 25th and it's on November
2nd so the first of November
okay September October November three
months yeah we have three months to
Train almost exactly how many times have
you guys you can't vlog when I'm
vlogging that's a rule Harley you do
that bloggers rule
I'll do this hey guys car the Stiles
here you should go to my channel cuz I
earn more than shade
I don't eat donuts sorry give me my
camera back you're something else is
vlogging and you're a vlogger to you
late you wait till it's done vlogging
don't you start vlogging that's a
vlogger rule what was I saying we're
gonna exercise let's go you let's go
we're going running
I'm cutting that weird part of alright
oh my goodness that was an eye-opener to
see where I'm at physically conditioning
wise not so hot we did run up I'll
really steep hill and that's really okay
I don't want you to lie a way to be
totally honest she did how hard was that
for you
not at all 1 to 10 what was that for you
oh ok that's where we're at it was a 9.8
for me so now we know now we've taken
general consensus of the physical
conditioning and I got some catching up
to do
but it feels so good I got those first
two point six miles in just got to keep
going now everyday that first one is the
hardest 2.6 miles maybe the hardest 2.6
miles final paper
well it feels good to be gap back though
I'm excited what do you say mom
daddy hey just got a new shirt back up
what do you think how's it look I think
it's beautiful
it's look good yeah no wear tonight yeah
what not gonna I just told mom I said
you see this shirt here this shirt is
for somebody who ran who ran 12 miles
not for somebody who ran two miles and I
just totally ran to us if I had just run
12 miles I probably could fit into this
shirt you know what the problem is
O'Shea and lifting and you're getting
broader yeah yeah I've been left know a
lot of this cuz I'm so much about guys
I've been doing a lot of lifting lately
so you know I'm bound to get a little
bigger cuz I literally felt you don't
get lucky when you lift you get back not
that you're fat she just gonna fit but I
mean ladies don't be afraid to live yo
you think
no bigger ah seriously Sayers mark my
words one much gel one month from now
I'm gonna be like hey I just ran 15
miles gonna throw my shirt on it'll look
hot at a restaurant somewhere it'll be
this shirt not today though I need a
bring in some more material I need more
plaid and flannel to cover this fatso up
you know what I'm saying
Corley no I told ya this okay yes you
can
hey girl hey girl hey is it time to do
your makeup you guys go on a date oh
just making a favorite hey oh right what
yes don't work you should work it's just
like different you know so just wait I'm
summertime Carly's friend Annie is here
oh I'm gonna run over some kids you
never know you walk somewhere in this
house you turn around all sudden six
kids are behind you all right Annie
plant hey you guys weren't at bucks go
there already opening it oh my gosh
what do you think Hey look she made
those for you oh thank you those are CTR
rings and Annie's not even Mormon hey
Candace
hey crow hey welcome to the party go
give her a hug right now give me that go
give her a hug and tell her thank you
big ole freaking Thank You Thomas Thank
You Annie
this is Annie's business she does her
own jewelry artist and The Alchemist
she's really cool she does her own drew
this is Carly's friend you guys don't
tell her but go buy a bunch of her
jewelry and make her sell out so she has
to make a bunch more than she's stressed
out about her life because she's like oh
no this jewelry stuffs take it off I
don't have time to make all this jewelry
but I was gonna go I was gonna be I
don't know but I'm saying
all my her stuff all right you guys it's
date night and check it out I got
somehow ended up with five lovely ladies
and I get so lucky look at all these
dates I'm going on with all these hot
chicks it's me in the five ladies let me
have to buy for everybody
yep all these chicks I don't mind
hanging out with a bunch of lovely
ladies yeah super guy tonight we're
going to see my buddy Kassem G in a
movie you guys know that Cassidy isn't
transformers my friend is a movie star
we're gonna watch him in the movie so I
dare you to do also to do Co to watch
that movie look at all those butts babe
your butt looks the best I'm looking at
everybody so I was comparing your giant
pony looks great car it might look you
guys look how hot my wife's butt is
don't don't do not that was trick you
they almost look at your button you made
um look at Carly and Annie's butts we're
looking at your butt yeah make it okay
no I'm not some of that a lot of you
dudes want to see that but I am NOT
filming that my mama gonna see
transformers I can't wait to see Cassim
excited to see my friend in a movie
friends all my heck you guys look who it
is it's probably that like bumblebee is
that like the car this guy is definitely
here to see transformers ask your mom
first you have to ask your mom can he be
in the vlog yeah haha do let your in it
already
oh he whispered to her asking if we can
be in the vlog and I overheard him so
now you know what that means I have to
break your left arm punches and what's
that this guy wants to play with rock
card he's like oh this guy breaks arms
I'm gonna step away from him me five
nice so we I went to school with her in
case him to school with her and she's
married to a like bunch of our friends
so we're just saying hi sexy oh really
we're all related here not a ho not
perpetuate that stereotype well it's
true Hannah hi so I just met with tell
me your name again Marley so Marley
family just moved from Idaho to Florida
if you get this blog one more time I'm
gonna punt reach so she went to Florida
I didn't have any friends sat down at
the lunch table in Florida and this girl
comes up to her and says what do you
like to do because I like to watch the
Shaytards and Hannah said me too and now
their friends because they watch the
strict arts together hey Hannah I'm here
hanging out with your burro Marley all
right you're pretty cool he bounced
I remember when Qasim was just a regular
old youtuber back in the day we used to
hang out in Venice Beach now the only
time I get to hang out with him is when
I come to the movies to see transformers
like you know this you're sexy let's go
we're going to see Kasim's movie I'm
gonna try to have the camera ready so
that when Kasim's on the big screen I
can pirate it it's super fun scared it's
so weird this world is getting weird
just watch it I know those guys are my
good friends I've been in that room
before I put I played the bass drum in
that room before like make a call
the first battles were written in
one-bedroom apartment and now they're
getting huge promotion a man that's
sweet it's hard to boot a nice Peter at
the Cloyd suggestion that's awesome I've
been in that room I'm Joanna I think the
first video I feel that's friends are
gonna tell everybody about it and now
two hundred three hundred four hundred
thousand comments on this video does
that look like a consumer-friendly face
to
and what about that big hole in chest
I think it's badass and like it love it
well I hate it
these are the feet estimated blast range
what do you think I thought it was
really cool
I was actually cuz I don't really love
the transformer movies but I was like
okay well we gotta go cuz castles in it
I think I was like this the whole time
to show you series are like I touched
mom's foot she jumped I think she was
scared scared my mom did you like it
Candace Qasim you're hilarious did a
great job in the movie as when please
associate that's cool though in the
movie
I was proud I tweeted cast many favorite
it as an epic lines broth
it was so cool to finally see the movie
because when Qasim was shooting that he
was sending me pictures of like him and
Stanley Tucci hanging out and he sent me
some like pictures of the actual robots
that's like no way that's so cool you
get to see those so it's exciting that
the movies out I'm proud of my friend
good job Qasim everybody go see
transformers and go out to my buddy
Kassim hashtag Kasim's and transformers
thanks for watching as always click on
yesterday's vlog they don't have better
like a new beverage she wasn't on this
video
