hi I'm login here okay so the what don't
eat the baby don't need the baby
this puppy okay
oh he's biting me hold on we have to
ditch the puppy for a minute sorry you
can't be here for a minute
love you alright these girls have been
so excited because they got some
Claire's gift certificates at VidCon
from somebody so sweet and they ordered
some stuff online so she got some
earrings I got some earrings and
slip-ons and then I got magnetic and
then we got a necklace it she's like
little zero wait whoa wait whoa whoa
whoa
remember how to use scissors right we
gotta learn every day is a learning
project today you don't get jewelry
you'll get baby food ready but it's just
information stuff my goodness so my son
is Blake Oh what is that what is that oh
they're little panda bears are these
magnetic if I got that oh cool
it was an eidetic I'm sure she would
look like I had pursued yeah pretty hey
do you want magnetic are you yeah you do
you do
I'm sorry not today just a book
alright what else did you get with these
cuz this little sister oh look at that
little sis sixes oh and they're your
favorite color do you like that Lil Sis
for you little sis oh okay girls you
finished opening model them for us I
have to go help do the in-flight run our
way babe let's go see what he's doing
honey I'm coming to help you with the
end
Hey hi hi what do you need help with and
I need you to come y'all in foot ah I
make a boob joke I need you to yell
that's typically what you would do and I
figured it'd be funny if you come and
yell at me when I make a bouquet good
good plan good plan I'll meet you sit on
my lap what we do guys we build n slates
together and babies they'll enslie's and
babies ha ha ha did you slay the bees
what happened seriously like I says I
think are you asleep
look at you
the beasts Nayar pick up up up up oh my
goodness I love being here I can't wait
to move o babies in a basket boys you're
busted berries in the basket nice cute
basket kelly i double-dog dirty because
your baby in this basket oh my gosh look
at his face bear baby bear baby in a
basket spear baby in a basket please
this baby needs is fun teams Oh stinky
baby in a basket Oh got him baby
universe cute baby in a basket I've got
three little babies in a basket
look at this just get a wide shot of
this I have three human people in a
basket right now at my arm please be
careful three human sized people frogs
loving it daddy's not sure jack and
Winston has no food today
there you go all right rides over
you are going to watch that video back
and you're not going to remember that
you'll be like I was in a basket my
cousin Brock my cousin Daxton no I don't
even remember that thanks officers limit
on the international I could see them I
love you what are you playing hey do you
like tech decks you're on tech deck
waterfall Springs is that your ramp are
you tea is son are you teaching him how
to tech that pink stuff are you learn
how to tech deck bro do you like it you
got to get good at it you all in met
your master at those always what I want
to see it is it cool that was flying
crazy man look at mr. beautiful just
laying out on the back porch catching
some rays no you need to stay outside
you're inside all day long go eat your
food you need is your food he just fed
you go eat it you're fine out there you
don't need to be inside every two
seconds I'm done
watching castle gee gee Logan's watching
Cassidy here look at this little boy you
don't miss guys
not funny yeah weird to see look like
bra kinda Playa de precios because five
years ago
see you guys look AV is kind of a four
this got seventy replies so it's the top
comment on the vlog so this is why
youtube comment section gets such a
negative rap because this Clement has
been the top comment for two hours and
there are people eating way better way
more constructive comments on this page
but because this person called my
daughter a nasty word seventy two people
reply I know I'm telling them about it
hold on I'll get to that part
you're always forcing me to tell the
story faster that I'm ready to anyway so
what like I was saying yesterday you
guys if you don't respond to those
comments they won't get pushed up to the
top of the comment feed which I don't
know why you two does that I don't I
guess they're like encouraging like
interaction but it's in it backfires
when the negative you know interaction
shoots all to the top because people are
fighting so it's like you know we got to
find a better way to aggregate comments
so that the good stuff and it doesn't
even necessarily have to be like just
kind like we love you Shay charge you're
the best you're so amazing I'm not
saying that but just like you know when
you read a good quality funny comment
it's like that person put some thought
into that it made sense that was a joke
you know like that kind of stuff we want
to see those comments at the top so how
do we make that happen you know got it
that's where it's like you know instead
of thinking oh that's funny if we should
reply to those and then those comments
will get pushed to the top and those
would be the fun comments so we get to
read not these other comments than
everybody hates reading if you want to
get in the comments something you don't
even read the comments I guarantee you
like Shay move on about the comments I'm
laying on my couch watching this on my
TV shout out to everybody watching us on
their TV right now I want you to get up
right
yes keratea there's like a couple
hundred people you're probably sitting
on your couch like no che this is my
relaxing time this is like sit down to
watch the Shaytards I don't want to get
up if you are watching this right now on
a TV I want you to get up I want you to
dance like this okay get off your bed
get off your couch whatever you're doing
wherever you're sitting you get up and
you stand on the carpet with me right
now
we're all on the carpet I do a little
dance for this you watch Shaytards on
your TV you watch Shh on your TV it's
pretty cool
all right you go sit down now back to
the vlog which makes me wonder how do
you watch the Shaytards do you watch it
on your telephone do you watch it on
your computer I think there's like so
many different ways that you people get
the Shaytards you people you you how
many different ways you can watch it on
your Kindle to watch on your iPod your
iPad your phone regular computer through
Roku trying on your TV do you have a
thing like the chromecast do cats are
the Xbox Xbox how do you guys watch the
Shaytards and you know what's
interesting I feel like there's very
different experiences through the
different ways that you watch like if
you watch it on your TV you don't see a
lot of comments right and if you're on
mobile it's harder to comment with you
can't reply to comments in mobile I
don't think why not that's that's very
dumb but then when you're on a desktop I
feel like it's a lot more like you're
involved a lot more on a desktop do you
feel that way like you're involved in
that process you can comment you can see
comments you can thumbs up I don't know
it's interesting to think about anyways
we're shopping for whites or shopping
for lights we call these boob lights you
guys we've affectionately started
calling these boob lights
that's a nippleless boob light but these
all have nipples which one well that's
pretty I like that mirror all right so
we've been everywhere today we've been
up to our new house we've been at Home
Depot
we gotta find new lights and we're
trying to get
thing ready for the house hi girls want
open that nature box you'll open that
nature box going to open that nature box
you open it up the heaven EPA's gotten
nature boxes I know actually a lot of
you have because you guys have sent me
pictures of your nature boxes what do
you got here we got new stuff here I
like to see it my favorite part is to
look at all the different South Pacific
plantains which are one of my favorites
honey dijon pretzels baked cheddar
potato fries pistachio power clusters
dark chocolate nom noms blueberry almond
bites sea salt pop pops cranberry
macaroon granola and having that right
now No dang it what you can't drop what
are you doing you're dropping the best
snack on the ground you want a snack
attack punch face laptop no good they
are my favorite what hey listen okay
alright I'm this is my nature box get
your own nature box do they never sinned
enough pineapples seriously they've been
they've been open for two seconds and
they're almost gone these are my
favorite Big Island pineapple they're so
chewy everybody stay away from this you
eat the sea salt pot pops grandpa chard
if you touch my pineapples I'm going to
slap you in the face you're my pineapple
no those aren't Arlo's really dad you're
back are those really pineapples you
liar you can eat those dark chocolate
nom noms dark chocolate the pineapples
are the rest you just dropped another
one Dorcas face are you i won
alright you guys go get yourself a
nature box nature box.com flash
Shaytards
you can get 50% off your first order
how's that for a deal Logan that's
pretty difficult mouth slam a deal I'm
Phil which one are you eating dark choc
oh you're good dark chocolate nom nom
they're coca they're chocolate Oh
cookies I'm dressing I could eat three
bags of these at once the pineapples so
good yeah
like pistachio power clusters
I love these that's that's really good
nature box is great man get yourself
some we're always using them they're
great for like before dinner you know
you're hungry and you don't want to get
too fat so you don't eat something a
little bit healthy naturebox.com/tyler
inks below 50% of your first order
they're delicious please click on do to
please please please please film up the
deal don't forget to name a nice comment
thank you see miles
