well I'm not baby tight baby darn any
man can cause he mixes it with love and
makes the world taste what do we play so
this is your blog camera yeah this black
key foot alone you're vlogging the Rolie
polies can we see the Rolly plays want
to show them to us
these are binoculars and pretending this
is a vlog camera and walking the Rolly
pollies you want to show us your
roly-poly Rock chart has been an upfront
collection Rolly pollies all day and how
many do you have and tell them how many
you have okay what's dude one two three
four five six seven
have fun that's a long time I don't
wanna roll boys
last time you had eight but I think you
have more than that now that's a lot of
roll you can collect him for a little
while and then we gotta let him go later
okay so they don't all die all right
well okay so cute
all right these girls just finished an a
beautiful activity day for ladies wait
don't pick the couch let's get down so
we're not kicking yeah annoying brat you
know I gotta be that kind of mom okay
listen these girls did tell us what you
did today
we won't put you new stuff for six hours
my really annoying Brandi all day long
they made jamming ice cream ice cream
it was so annoyed and ratty what oh and
then afterward group of girls oh yeah
story that starts out with
girls let's hear young man and then they
said that one of the girls liked me but
she likes you she wanted us to tell you
stated say but we gotta get names bro
you don't have to get names
Gavin something's and digits all names
no digits nope so anyway we're gonna
stomp they learned at home okay we're
ready get off the couch please like that
kick it there okay I want to hear the
song somewhere there's a mountain it
must be far away cuz I stand on my
tiptoes and I can't see a thing
somewhere there's a mountain
I heard the prophet
that we will build a home there and
never have to go away and it's a long
way to work
but one day climb to the top somewhere
there's mountains mountains in the
spring I'll take my shoes love and with
a mountain stream streaming it's a long
let one day close to the top and it's a
long long way too
Jesus man
then I see him smile good my arms around
him I'm not sure what they said right
there somewhere there's a mountain
pioneers in the mountains that was so
pretty I'm very proud of you some with
this mountain
way of Bin's why don't mind me will you
walk up for some reason
I can take a ring buy online new double
chocolate and a lollipop for to the
Candy Man can see that's blasphemous
because that's like graven images we're
worshipping chocolate worth Jesus and
that is inappropriate I like chocolate I
can take a rainbow and mix it full of
cream a Jew did Appa do PU I don't know
the word Candyman well I'm happy tight
baby darn any man can cause he mixes it
with love and makes the world taste
Fernanda my house the Candyman thing
seat wait a minute where do you think
you're going
did you approve that through my offices
please your office right over there
that's my secretary he needs no are you
going this is my secretary Miss Jones
ya know how the cats doing by the way
ok ok how many mice have they killed I
need a quota 3 well we know listen you
need to file a report once a week all we
need to know which cat killed which mice
and how many of them ok what one killed
one the model is full listen put it in
the report I don't want to hear it I
want to see it in the report
Johnson file my desk by Friday KC's
hanging up the TV dude I need a new
camera there is a scratch on my lens I'm
gonna put the scratch right on your face
it's time to get a new camera I think
going on get it ok good get right there
it's still there
hid in there maybe it's maybe it's
inside hold on I've scrubbed it I feel
like there's a scratch now let's see
hold still
oh maybe you got maybe it cleaned there
you go J cleaned the camera every once
in a while what are you cooking today I
swear there was a scratch right there
got to clean the camera I do everything
guys I hang TVs I'm a secretary and a
polish camera the doggies are laying on
a cold how Flo taking after summer
sunshine that's all the cousins are up
here hanging out you guys have the best
summer ever eating some healthy snacks
Todd out there huh you guys like the
cats you guys know that pretty soon
they're gonna have to move out and live
outside right so you know we need to
start doing we need to start figuring
out where there because there's what we
have like a dog house and we can put
some blankets and pads in there where
they can stay in there because they're
not going to stay in the shop got it you
tell those cats they better stop and
join sleeping on that let that lazy boy
in there because pretty soon they're
gonna be outside expecting to pull their
mouse killing weight every understand
okay that on the same page all right
under special permission Braley's room
keep out no boys allowed
we have been permitted to enter for this
behind-the-scenes look at a very clean
room tell us about the cleaning process
this is negotiation basically is what
you're telling me so you have worked so
that you can negotiate we turn the
contract get weird card to get an
allowance by playing that card so the
negotiation is you'll clean your room if
they can stay here and play with you do
you realize the view that you can see it
right out this window in that gorgeous
it is gorgeous
you're not every girl gets to wake up
and say whoa look at those mountains hey
listen I think we're supposed to go down
and go out to dinner with your grandma
you guys want to be that I think they're
negotiating that right now really your
mom's talking to your dad but we might
all go down to edit a roadie remember a
hella hero Mexicans the restaurant neat
I can't
they're on the phone right now let's
wait till 5:00 negotiation all right
well let them let you know mom gave him
Ward's grandma win dance I know you're
watching this right now young lady
dad just kill the dragon ah that was the
face of a guilty person oh that's hot
ethos please like a hooker lucky what's
more gonna get some more game a little
drink get old honey grandpa's giving a
look at it I want that yes how do I get
more of that into my face put it into my
face put put the 400 Kenny the whole
thing this is what that slogan SIL you
metal nice I don't bring him into you
Oh grandpa's grandpa's in trouble when
he had tank at the moms deal
it was really cute that he was a naughty
baby be up all night
he was really fussy he didn't stay up
all night B was fussy and put aside
sugar yeah really you can and then for
some reason use during this seems like
like I'm gonna find my back pocket so
burn he is amazed at least once a day
that he has found his hand he's like oh
yeah I'm that guy
I ordered the flaming way to fight a
silversmith that annoying guy stinks up
the entire rest row is it annoying when
you bring your 800 kids that are
screened even an order fajitas in the
restaurant are we that guy
we're that guy 10 9 since your counts
for you 8 7 shake but it looks pretty
pretty desolate whoa ready or not here
we come
I see fake let's go wait what what are
you three when there's a stand of trees
I'm gonna go over here top that turnout
top that one knows you're a cute
lumberjack so who will be my babe the
Blue Ox sure enough there she comes
there she comes
super ant you sold them onto your hair
like they're rain no no girl he hanging
on to my weed yo where's Dylan play
games
would you just find steel pipes let's
just pick up some sharp steel pipes and
see what happens there that's the way
that's a life of crime that's where it
begins
picking up sharp steel a little aluminum
black sweats and reports the golf course
versus a good old round of hamon
hiking's yeah after I calmed a meeting
tuna enchiladas listen only talks about
stuff okay what it's exciting I'm gonna
tell you a little doubt you're gonna
grow up there's me time in your life
you're gonna start getting hair in
different places
are you set on your tippy tails look
down what are you doing as you start
standing on your tippy toes what you
want to look taller than me look we know
your dollars anything could be funny if
you're giving me a few me talk again
alright your tape making a joke it was
looking shame in this beard he leaves
taste the guts staying
are you seriously well this idea I'm
just doing experience with my body I got
a team dude my beard is getting so I was
gonna do a rat til I saw in the comments
somebody said I should do beads and a
braid in my beard do it give me some
dude give me some beads and I'll braid
my beard I'm gonna
on the beard who of you ladies I bet you
can get about 50 ladies to surround this
beard we can have it Bradon in moments
uh gets really cool beads in here that's
right tell me if you're okay you guys
whose goatee looks better
mine's like snowy white who's looked
booter I gotta wash it off rub a beard
HIV fever here all right I'm gonna see
the after when you're done with this guy
okay I might not be able to tell alright
guys my mom tried to braid my rat tail
she said it's not long enough yet I bet
I could do dreads a beard rat tail I'm
gonna have a beard rat chow all right
let's see that goatee oh is that cool
our Lima Lima stylist rat Carly brain my
beard let me see try to reduce we should
do that I think we should like the
goatee going coming in strong yeah good
brain I see you see being a redhead
can you write it thank you could I try
if there's a surrender you want to just
do like one little yeah you do it I want
to be like clothing I should do this a
smile when we go running for our
training primary hey did you guys know
that we're doing a marathon but lowing
back out because he's too much of a loss
I want to lose any of my gains
oh shut let's let me smack him in the
protein bar addition is like to lose
someone I can get it what could direct
you with them oh yeah I feel like I'm a
Viking Oh like an eight to get longer
it's my Island
yeah Lomond we're killing going down you
shaved his goatee then he's gonna go out
and make out hey what's up Morgan just
shaved my goatee make good choices will
not make any of you know Logan's getting
denied before you can't leave to go make
out those girlfriend till he cleans his
bathroom gotta clean it up Logan
Chemical be a man telling cleans his
bathroom got the same situation get in
there and clean sorry mom please a fern
honey can you hat
sorry your boobs out okay mom
my girlfriend's over her boobs out hey
I'm your wife your boobs are still out
so glad the end slates here right now
because there's so many boobs all over
the place
boobs are everywhere thanks for watching
our video be sure to click on the
previous vlog which is yesterday's video
hey I noticed so many nice kind
thoughtful comments yesterday there's
over 20,000 comments on yesterday's vlog
that is way above average and listen I
spent probably a good 45 minutes to an
hour reading a lot of them and there are
some of you that it was like I couldn't
reply to all of them because I didn't
reply to very many but I trust me I saw
a lot of your nice comments that you
left and we appreciate those and you
guys are doing a good job of only
commenting to the positive comment yes
thank you so much we really really
appreciate you guys everything that you
do okay click on a video we love you
guys links below we love you I gotta go
see some know
