your lenses - it looks like you're
driving
reaching out the more
then we connected
when I swear
future is what
two left
Oh
Oh
Hey buggy good mornin hey thanks for
organizing oh yeah how does the lake
feel not done it's not done yet I find
the broom okay
she's been organizing the pantry this
morning that is one I'm not looking
looking that's one of Princess Todd's
favorite things to do is organize and I
love it because I love organizing -
what's your favorite thing to do
hey I'm not building this for mountain
castle yet you're not building it yet
she's done
Danny get when you don't have building
blocks use one melon squares yay you eat
them so fast you couldn't build a castle
on toast it up gotta butter it tack
hut-hut-hut hut-hut-hut hut-hut-hut
action okay I finished the pantry we're
gonna show it mommy you ready you ready
to show the pantry well uh yeah I'm
ready
okay
so await you at school there okay okay
now it's our next Hey it was very good
oh you guys always wanted to know what
was in her pantry we have lanterns and
taco sauce and barbeque sauce me but I
did notice hey wait I don't know how
strict you are about yourself I did
notice one thing yeah that there's stuff
right there I feel like we should clean
it up yeah so you think so and then and
then and then I noticed I'm being really
picky now I noticed this is pasta sauce
photos I guess it's salsa technically
but I was thinking the sauces needed to
fight each other see their sauce friends
now sauce friends
I'm OCD that's a problem
I have 500 okay there high five you rock
and roll yeah whoa
I found these behind the whole entire
pantry then we survive on marshmallows
when all else fails we have marshmallow
cat stuck at No you gonna need your eggs
and toast man no but you gotta use your
watermelon Nick you might hate your
model we're crazy hold on are you okay
dude hey what I was gonna say is are you
going to eat your watermelon Castle yeah
did you make it for dad did you break it
over
don't you have it yes that's your
reference is my class lunch because it's
new hey you done the video for the day
does that mean we're going yep this is
fun I like that move you just said the
Shi keyword so I just came down here the
kids are watching the blog and reading
comments and the first thing I hear
princes are say she goes the comments
are mean I did not say the Shi T word I
said shoot he's reading comments what
are the comments and sad babies
you try to use
some of them are calling you a brat when
you move out that for the start what do
you think when people leave comments on
here saying mean things about you guys
how's it make you feel about you not not
to be rude but I'm kinda rude when you
say not to be rude that doesn't take
away the rudeness so you're just implied
when you say forget about you how do you
think we should react to people who say
mean things about us in the videos just
don't tell about it I mean it's not like
it's their life it's our life we can do
what we think but we do you think they
have the right to leave mean comments I
mean we're the ones that are putting our
lives on YouTube comments probably Chad
Hurley that guy embedded YouTube I don't
know you're generally all offended you -
you don't like comments I mean because
listen people are gonna it without
YouTube without YouTube comments there's
still people they're gonna have an
opinion about you in your life at school
I dance at sports
well I wouldn't if I had something mean
to say I wouldn't tell anyone why give
it to myself cuz I'd hurt someone's
feelings okay but some of these people
they don't care about that they just
type the with a how they feel in the
comments how'd he told by the
sterilise taken to the war but it's a
pretty good policy we regardless what
anybody says in the comments you guys
know that you're awesome kids right wait
right whatever we're talking about it
listen to anything where were you just
now where are we over here talking about
comments what were you thinking about
how about that about that so sure all
right I love you guys
hey this is the second day in a row I've
caught you watching Shh art videos do
you like watching Shh our videos I
rocked her things this bouncy thing is
hilarious Logan just woke up from his
slumber I've been sleeping he's been
wearing that tank top in the last six
days we have a snack pack lunch bag
Mountain over here who got the jelly on
the side of the sandwich you make all
those for just art made all these
sandwiches because they're going to the
swimming pool so they're making lunches
with Grandma snacks we got pretzels and
we're gonna pack ice he's in a cooler
I don't know yeah I'm sad that's what I
asked for princess tarts that don't make
fun of her but she's just a little kid
making a sandwich oh look at this uh-oh
go get a cat then look at this
oh that's the mom cat she's trying to
scare Zeke like what is going on what is
that thing go get a cat then go pick one
up thank you guys you helped rocked or
get a cat all right
so driving lesson number one you got to
look cool put your shades on
all right so Colette is in the light
store picking out light fixtures and
this guy is not feeling it he doesn't
want to he doesn't care about lights he
just want to look at lights he doesn't
care if they're crystal chrome platinum
it don't matter to him he just wants to
hang out in the car
we're renovating our house and we have
to find lights for everything I just
something you never thought you'd have
to do sit down and pick out like I don't
know what kind of lights I want I want
ones that emit light so that I can read
and see but we do like a lot of light
because we're bright people so uh but I
just you know sitting there and trying
to pick out what light we're gonna like
for the next 20 years it's tough it's
like something I don't want to do so I'm
like babe I'll take the baby and go in
the car and you pick out the lights
she's like okay I'm like sweet so now
we're just hanging out in here and I
assume that they will be bright whatever
she gets I trust her so I'm just
watching that footage back there cuz
like it looks like a baby's driving wow
your lenses jewel looks like you're
driving wow what a big deal AB they'll
be too loud you're gonna dry you have to
keep both hands on the wheel
okay rapid turn left up here pretty soon
but there's McDonald stay here let's go
what your mom's coming out already
that is impossible that is exciting this
good news my friend well we might be
done let's see let's ask her I thought
you'd be in there for at least 30 more
minutes did you really yeah how much you
just spend
I don't want to know did you get them on
just tell you we got we didn't even get
a much well yeah all right you're
driving mom I don't wanna know how much
it is don't tell me okay let's go eat
some dinner okay dude you ready to drive
get it yeah you ready drive gonna drive
now okay here we go
we're in a furniture store we're looking
for furniture we need to buy some
furniture sir right hmm that looks cozy
what the couch or me haha your bicep
family guessable you know what just
happened today something very exciting I
overate
well that always happens I think I
actually witnessed Rho tarde fall in
love with me oh he did I saw him do it I
think he officially fell in love with me
I know that we've like been building our
relationship over the last nine months
and I felt that he does have a very warm
regard for me in his heart but when you
stand up to me today I felt it I finally
fell in love with me just like you did
did you fall in love with your daddy he
did he just looks at me like he loves me
I think he officially fell in love with
me
today's the day yeah we're in love yeah
dad raise your hand if you're in love
that's adorable
I like that chair it's very bohemian
bohemian rhapsody' that's how I like to
keep it bohemian rhapsody' I'm blue I'm
a blue I'm a blue blob a bleep flabby no
blah but that's blue that is a blue
couch I kind of like it does it smell
good is it leather I get that you
wouldn't get that why it's too committal
I need things I can hey listen we need
to talk to our spy your commitment level
you better be married to me forever what
if we did it black would you do black I
like how big it is that's a couch thick
this very process of you know getting a
new house and renovating it's all about
you know what's it about the baby me
it's about like you know compromise
because something's it's like no I want
that where I hate that and then some
rooms that like we just give up on each
other well it's like this is your room I
don't care you do everyone here but then
there's rooms like the bathroom where
we're both fighting over and then like
the shower she's like that's your shower
you can just do it every role in there I
do have my input in but you can take the
shop it's your baby and there's like the
dining room I'm just like I don't care
you do it everyone there like there's
certain places where we're both like the
granite we fought about the granite
forever but you know you have to give
and take some looks like okay but who
won in the end we both win we both like
what we changed it to love it but we
changed it because mommy turd was born
and well I are you glad yeah
where you wanna wind yes that's gonna
look good I really do like it I'm
serious he adores me look at him he's
adoring me right now yes don't try to
hide it
get your butt out of the way who
wouldn't adore it
look he's adoring me no don't blow my
luck he loves his dad yes I do have you
a daddy ever daddy right now we're
looking for a dinner table
a big old dinner table to put all of our
big ol family around any of that that's
something that's kind of going out
people don't have dinner together as
much anymore right
so do you get one day dinner tables will
be totally obsolete well you got ever
happen eat just be like fueling stations
you just drive by and they shoot mashed
potatoes and Slurpees into your mouth
mashed potato Slurpee fueling station
you just drive through it sit down have
dinner together as a family
so that your children can adore you hey
that is a cute little staircase once you
climb up there mama tartan getting sleep
or slumber we're gonna get kicked out of
here she's mad my mama come on let's
make a run for it dude we talked about
this in the podcast the other day water
beds anybody ever slept on a mattress of
water
oh I grew up sleep on a waterbed I like
it babe yes let's get a waterbed
dude I like waterbeds oh that's why I
didn't like when you laid on your side
like it sucked you down too much you
can't really slightly in your stomach I
guess as well it's pretty comfortable I
can't sleep right now water beds anybody
have a waterbed still hey everybody
thanks for watching our videos hey
speaking of comments I also have noticed
that the comments are really negative
lately but it doesn't really reflect the
views I just feel like there's more
people watching our videos and it's just
like crime if you live in a bigger city
there's more crime because there's more
people and it's a good problem to have
the Shaytards are higher right now than
they have ever been in our five years of
doing them it's incredible to me every
video is hitting six seven hundred eight
hundred thousand views apiece another
thing that doesn't help is the way that
YouTube's algorithm works if somebody
leaves a negative comment and then
there's like 10 of you trying to defend
us it pushes that comment to the top of
the comments and so as you're reading
through the comments the most replied to
comment gets pushed to the top of the
comment stream so I realize that a lot
of you are trying to defend us and stick
up for us but when you do that that
usually pushes that negative comment to
the top of the comments so that
everybody sees it so then when you come
on a Shaytards video and you read the
top 10 comments and they're all negative
you're like geez why is everybody
negative on these comments so the best
thing to do is to just ignore them don't
type anything to those people leave them
alone let them say whatever they want to
say and then leave us a nice comment we
read those we totally read your kaisers
comments so be help us out help us raise
the level of comments do not reply to
the haters if anybody says anything that
offends you or makes you feel like oh I
can't believe they said that about baby
tartar princess tart just do not even
reply to them and then they'll slowly go
away I promise we've been doing this for
a long time so only leave positivity
never fight the negativity just leave it
alone and it'll go away all right we
love you guys tomorrow
