oh there's a snake in the house
two lives
puffing in the shoes is in a famous
rajala Joyce put in Carly's shoe the
mall I thought you were lying there's
really a snake uh Rach what do you think
about that thank you that's how your
little brother came to the world is that
crazy
was that crazy remember that I mean do
me there huh heels you're surrounded by
your babies just love him yeah he's a
little guy oh cool
remember when he was born like nine
months ago the look on rock tarts face
he's like huh here I'm at the gym with
my sister
it was beautiful after you workout
seriously and Sadie she's on the phone
and today we did Zumba which I haven't
done in years and I decided that my hips
don't really know how to move a little
after you have babies they're like wait
what you want me to do why I love our
Xbox Kinect because you can do Zumba at
home and like do it as a game and
they'll tell you if you're doing it
wrong right so that's kind of fun or
YouTube video so I'm going to practice
that a little bit more but it was
definitely challenging for me today but
the other thing I love about Zumba is it
makes me laugh the whole time because I
watch myself in the mirror and I'm like
huh that's not mix you know I love it I
love that you're here thanks for moving
so you can be by me and I move so I can
be begging to be my people oh yeah
you're gonna see a lot more of my
sisters guys gonna hear a family all
right you boys want a race you like the
new backyard is the heel yes I do my
Instagram games way up look at those
clouds
pull out the saturation in that blue
dude we get a lot of double taps on that
Instagram all right you guys wanna race
enough talking social media dad let's do
this he'll lose Eddie all right I'm
gonna go here we go Iceland they love it
they prowl the land they race raffle
good seeing some strong healthy dogs
running through the sagebrush
with the tongues wagging tongues wagging
in the sagebrush tongues wagging in
their tongues a wagon in the sagebrush
on the beautiful Prairie floor what
about the babe go to the top go to the
top on the road oh no grandpa and his
his four-wheeler dog are coming up the
road
hey make that dog run my dog
you give grandpa hard about six months
he's gonna be running fifty hurt a head
a head that cows up here how many how
many gonna start off with that fifty we
get these dogs teach these dogs how to
round up cows all right got some new
members of the family bring it out here
go get him boy round them up name what
marshy east one is named doing how many
are there I'm allergic to cats I am
allergic to cats
we have six cats the very fastest very
blackest one
do you love him yes let me see what's
this one um Olivia Olivia what's that
one's name
No name it right now Cooper hey gage
gage what do you want to name it no but
I think a B has already named every
single one of them and giving them
Social Security numbers Casey we have
six cats now I don't want to be a cat
person
is it a mom yeah it's like a mom and
like five kids or something get outside
no I know you guys are the guys are the
mouse killing cool
oh hey snowy listen if you don't meet
your quota of ten Mike's per month
you're out of here I don't care if
you're cute with blue eyes I need you
killing mice and I need you to be lean
mean I've been go Traynham Cooper potato
I'll put it down next to Jackson you I
just get confused for a kitty Jackson
puppies and kitties come here your buck
let me see him here hold him up next to
each other
Jackson misses snowy oh don't drop him
oh snap look at him look at him look at
her let him go let him go
it's a mini fight let him go Cooper yep
a little bit
well you got your cat to stay outside
right and there should be some ground
rules I think there under the trailer
six cats three dogs eight kids above
said muffin how many babies we got it's
a full wrench when we get in the goat
Casey you need to go Bronson's ran away
again Ross there's another dog Oh hot
mama on a motorcycle
Carly you need to wear your boots what
happened I didn't I just might in the
ground in the dirt for a little bit did
you do a trick again did you eat it
again Casey go get them Tiki oh we need
to get a lot more motorized vehicles
everybody I want everybody to have one
four-wheeler I want a motorcycle I
immediately did eat it don't you know I
was I dropped my shoe and I was like
where is it
it also heard before how that baby doing
please no Kelly it's like you like that
stupid kidder I know I'm always like
what am I look at you you're like
adoring him like Oh Casey made me wait
so long dad I got a hilarious shot of
you coming on that four-wheeler of the
trail why with my dog yeah it was fun
alright it is coming down I'm falling
over
you just hit like a wall it's exciting
huh
Elijah Lorraine's trying to run it in a
track with it close yeah all right now
we just want to ride our bikes in a
parking lot
dude aya put up an Instagram yesterday
where I talked about the neverending
story who remembers that movie who
eighties babies a delicious-looking
limestone rock and this is like the
great nothingness will
being in and we are riding our bikes
Carly's gonna drag me around the track
out here we're gonna go running but dude
I was trying to get some snapshots of
the lightning huge lightning there's a
thumbnail of malachite jumping over this
railing and it has like a ton of views
on it Zeke why I came here
mmm they fight all day long and Molly is
soaking wet from Zeke slobber come on
baby come on come on jump cause II know
I wanna go around and play with Molly
dude mark my words in like 45 seconds
the kids are gonna be crying there's a
huge hail storm coming Karl oh no you
guys get ready to take cover this is so
crazy huge clouds it is coming down hail
this camera way like it's gonna get
heavy here in a second
all right update huge lightning distress
giant thunder it's about to hit and the
kids are all down there I know it's
gonna be bad I gotta leave a phone in
the camera in the truck go get the kids
it's coming down so hard oh my goodness
it is coming down look at this
shakers called me about ten minutes ago
before it was raining and told me that
they're at the track running stairs and
so I wonder if they're still at the
track reading stairs I was having a
blast though I come home soaking wet and
ready to eat teriyaki chicken okay cut
to ten minutes later we got the kids but
we as they say got caught in a rainstorm
they come here puppy to Mary speaking
soaking wet all the sudden this wall of
water just hit and we were all the way
down there stop these girls ran in the
Porta Potty to hide it was in
pandemonium all right I guess my trucks
gonna be soaking wet you way get your
bike over the fence let's go the tidal
waves coming Oh No what's going on over
here appropriate I hope my speakers
aren't ruined we're all soaking wet
Zeke soaking wet sitting on the girls oh
my gosh we gotta get home immediately
and Logan just cleaned act jump on Zeke
auto blast I was a fun rainstorm I'm a
clean doggy now time to eat dinner I
made teriyaki chicken tonight Oh
somebody sad okay and I need quinoa
salad and I've got a little baby baby my
does not mix they don't fart phone you
run it it's so sad
shave held up like a baby toy in his
phone and of course the baby's always go
for the phone okay no anyway it's true
like bones eyelid
I know those phones I know if we played
with baby toys and wouldn't let them
have them they probably like baby toys
know what I do let's find a baby toy
room again Oh babies and brooms babies
and cell phones do not make
and we had to take sure it's up to my
party I want you see what we got pelted
I knew it we got caught in a rainstorm
woman I had nothing to do about it
baby I was like oh look they're still
running third I called it to I said in
about 20 minutes and we were you should
have just in the car the Lao hardest
I've laughed in a long time
so we all hey everybody was here
we all got oh thank you very wet just
like like I got in a bath that's not wet
roasted in the car and then Emmy just
knows that she was what I was exciting
you got this big burst of energy and she
was practicing we're soaking right don't
you think soaking wet make hearty go
your cereal yeah this is not bathia
nudists did you get it to gage did you
log it honey I'm good okay just really
wet fine
and now it's bright sunny my dad let me
the nicey hmm that summer right get
stuck in a rainstorm get all cold yeah
dry off then it's all sunny out you have
it I see you guys dry it off mm-hmm
what a day it's not officially summer
till you get caught in a rainstorm I
guess this is the second rainstorm we've
been caught in the last couple weeks
we're talking about that you hardly ever
get stuck in a rainstorm in Los Angeles
because there's buildings everywhere you
just go in a building but if you're like
out the giant fill down on a track and
it starts raining there's nowhere you
can go you just got to get soaking wet
uh you guys we had a lot of fun thanks
for watching our videos we appreciate
you guys being a part of our family and
it's mayhem and we now have six cats do
not ask me how that happened I think
it's because we have a slight mouse
problem so I justified getting six cat
to take over the mice we'll see how it
lasts click on yesterday's vlog click on
that feelin lucky button
this is a marriage prepare this is
really cool these are actually photos
from our wedding I don't know where this
person found them I don't know where
didn't we put them on the internet but
they are yeah that was us look at Logan
down there in the bottom left on the
first year video that's Logan at the
bottom left
that was our cake man these are good
memories good memories indeed all right
we love you guys thanks for being a part
of our family we will see you tomorrow
click on some buttons if you're on a
mobile device you can find all the links
to all these videos in the description
below
love you guys kiss you bye moon
