evel knievel prepares for the stunt can
you do it off the corner of the stairs
into the graph oh you want me to show
you guys a cool spot to be on a sunny
hot Saturday afternoon
breathing out the long grass in the
shade of the trampoline just passing the
day away
look at him refuge from the Sun yeah I'm
taking the Sun in I've heard of it
KC ain't scared nothing bring it on son
I don't know trampo-mean could chew and
some dill pickles sunflower seeds okay
so I'll go tell all right here it is the
princess hard room update tour right
here so you'll know this oh my gosh okay
give us a grand for here we are here we
are all ready for the Tahoe here we are
already ready for the toll oh hey that's
me I just like to entertain myself okay
what are you doing my dad is wiring my
person's right here's going to be my bed
and then my bed steel
and this is supposed to go on the top of
my dresser so I can do my lotion and
stepped in my toiletries in the morning
and then over here is my kitchen my
friend kitchen where I play dolls or was
like school like we're playing right now
house over here my Fit Torah closet it's
mine
it has a rental pretzel carton a brand
deal
why what's a pretzel okay cuz that's
they have a tomorrow okay the mall right
okay I got stuff like that was the noise
oh yeah yeah they're good worst thing if
my best would be right next to the oh
wow I was like that is what is maybe a
new a/c that's one of the worst things
about sorry yeah you got the AC unit
right outside your window yeah I think
we're gonna have to get that new one
that sounds like it's not running
efficiently right isn't that what you
were about to say baby turn baby turn
was like that AC units running at 27
percent efficiency time to get the
builders clean the whole house or not
they have wow this is does Gavin have
one in his room this is the get to
dinner button that we all push on this
Gavin room yeah I'm gonna have one too
Oh welcome to the tech deck mansion some
table right here and then they just gave
my card
line up you got a whole tech deck of the
seseri gonna do nice postgame Bart live
the dogs run outside I saw them Zeke
just ran by let's see that nail that
bone Oh crash on the rail what are you
doing bro plantoys the boys are in their
room Oh show him your color scheme and
then okay so I want to go show
yeah come here and then there's my desk
can bed stand and then I have a popcorn
machine but I don't know I'm gonna put
it can give a place I like the double
blue this from Gavin you want to know
something to freak you out for the next
10 years what this is the bed you were
made on bro awkward this is the first
bed that me and your mom ever bought
this was like when we first got married
we bought this bed for $299 and I have
no idea how it is lasted in the family
and is still here in your room but by
some magical fate of existence you have
the very first bed that me and your mom
ever slept on together so that's kind of
cool that makes me feel emotional so
love that's a great bed the family bed
we should refinish it keep it strong in
the family for years
oh is this a C central did I just walk
into sassy central shoot you get off the
train we're here at sassy central no she
said this is how I had to walk in school
dude it sounds like there's a helicopter
outside of your room do you do not walk
like that at school you walk that way at
school all right down on my motorcycle
and come in there school the wiffle ball
bat and hit you over the head with it
don't walk like yeah okay I just thought
of a great idea
remember how football everybody all-time
quarterback now that we have son we can
make them all-time receivers we can play
it off
I mean you will be all-time quarterbacks
hey Kate you're playing defense on Gavin
Gavin's running up the field trying to
run a route I'm quarterback pass it here
okay and we're gonna take turns you guys
play offense defense separately ready
Hey Hey straight up well you can't look
get out of your defense we're doing a
plan back up bro he break put up 45 beg
up there is there - get it get it die
bad I was like I was out in front of you
too much way bad see that catch nice
pass dude nice pass oh dang and I missed
it I heard gel disgustingly drippy he
was just diving into that water it was
so sad I know
take it dear drinking baby boy do you
love this big yard you can just sit in
since you're not crawling yet yeah you
are so cute okay so we just found a nest
with some baby birds in it and it once
had eggs in it because I saw it with the
eggs but now I'm a little baby birds I'm
we're gonna try to get us guys crazy
though yep I'm gonna try to throw the
camera for I'm sorry what was before
this was before and now there's gonna be
real baby yeah oh there's a trivet
before I'm showing the eggs now here's
the baby birds let's see if we can get
up here without my mama bird sink this
is dangerous okay
picture oh hi baby birds hi Richard my
dress
I know I think oh my oh my goodness
you know that's so cute um we should
probably not look too long mama Bert's
gonna come back she's gonna get mad
Twilight mother words mad they're so
cute okay they're starting to circle
mama bird is coming back perfectly
making a theme are they so cute get a
picture back she's back coming honey
care to the mommy must kiss to mommy
bear scare no don't scare the mommy when
she should play a video she trying to
take care of a baby
Oh pantry this is fun I like living in
the country oh look no but I'd love to
see you better hurry you come and test
your head off you can look I think I
scared all I can I see can i okay you
have to be careful locusts we don't want
the member to get mad and then be mad at
her little Chiclets what are they called
bird lets birdies purchases ha ha do you
see em honey can you see him
dang it I was on a motorcycle ride and I
missed the egg fine beans sorry
well we found eggs with their birds now
we found eggs Oh remember oh yeah did
you show him the picture of the eggs
yeah did you show in the picture of your
beauty you said he did you send that to
them
did you Ford that through the email
Chaney did you see see all these guys on
how hot you were um somebody's being
left by their lonesome over here look as
we're all over here looking at the
footage of these birds all the mothers
birds are packing with our little baby
bird to death revenge from the birds
hey beautiful boy no don't get my little
baby my little basket ah would you save
him I mom sat on my shoulders when she
took that somebody pick up the little
was baby was helpless hey listen we
should start doing this babe he should
start crawling by now we should all
start ignoring him and he wants to come
hang out with the family then he's gonna
have to crawl his little butt over there
hey Dax your big brother Gavin was
crawling at seven months old you're
coming up on nine months now bro oh so
oh I've offended him Gavin was calling
at seven months how old was he
hey firefighter how old were you when
you started crawling do you remember how
old he was at least trying it nightmare
to class
hey hey you put out any fires today how
many fires did you put out today four
double shooter four to charcoal
well it's a beautiful family beautiful
day
who wants to go for a motorcycle ride
have to hit you hit ten times on the
head to see if the helmets working rossi
pains proxy pain you go laughs that's
pit hunt you four times in the oh right
in the shoulder all right ladies and
gentleman be able to jump off the stairs
land in the grass though all right so
Sun tarde
the man of the hour in his church shoes
okay let's do it you got let me see let
me see your first jump
Oh watch out here comes Robbie Knievel
Evel Knievel prepares for the stunt can
he do it off the corner of the stairs
into the graph oh no he's a cheeky ho
buddy are you okay
did you mean to do that did you mean to
jump off of that like that you just
crashed I thought you're like actually
doing it you are a tough dude okay oh
wait hold it okay we're ready can watch
out here comes Kevin go oh snap
here's the wreck number two Bronx move
get get get go Bronx a move
Oh go no no I'm just like in here for
the shot I will not hit you I promise
hit a full speed the Bronx out away get
away Bronte pants is he coming here he
goes yeah it's still going is he coming
nice dog I was a decent bunnyhop do it
right off the very corner now dude you
had it you have the speed you got the
Mojo just go right off the corner go
right where Logan spit that would be
huge and dude land like right down here
pulls a I'm gonna put us in slow-mo it's
gonna be radical I should impress by
your brothers jump he's gonna jump dude
look he's gonna jump off the corner of
that he's gonna land right here 20 feet
think he can do it no push your faith my
brother all right we're ready time to go
we're rolling did he say you've got to
say rolling rolling mo nailed it I was
sweet dude that was awesome got some
good speed I liked it a little sneak
peek oh I love it love it that is
gorgeous
simply gorgeous oh wow that's maybe
number six right there who sees it
fallopian tube little baby yep I love
these veins is so cool check it out guys
it's a funeral somebody's life look at
these cards look at all these cars
coming by right now see look at this
Escalade
these people just lost a loved one so
they're going to honor them and say
goodbye to them for a short time
it's kind of cool it's like reverence
yeah they're all going together Wow this
was a loved person look at this the
light of these cars this is long they
want my funeral processions long how
long do you want your procession line my
family they're just the five of us six
I remember my grandpa's a bunch of
Cowboys rode horses and my grandpa's
horse he was aw there was nobody on him
he was just tied to another horse and he
started winning like really loud like it
was like silent it's me no
anyways yeah like that kids horse was
whining right during the funeral all
right
it's over look the last Escalade has
come through what's going on out here
check this out this is this is like when
you need to like shoe a horse
you know usually farmers will come up
next to their horse they'll tap the foot
to put the foot up people who shoe
horses will probably get this Larry oh
it's hilarious because why do you do it
what Steve you let me do this in glasses
Declan
alright what up Oh Regina why Mike's
just like a horse good boy
Shoom foot why is no good okay everyone
this one look at him just pick some up
good boy that's a good boy
alright let me shoot this woman to make
sure it's all shot correctly okay let's
check these front ones let me see that
let me see this one here can see that
all right okay all done
good puppy don't all right now so how's
it going everybody
Tim Magana he of the McGruff Crime Dog
unit you know I'm part of the Crime Dog
unit because of the badge I wear proudly
on my shirt where we sweeping this area
looking for any mischievous behavior in
the next two weeks so if you hear
something give me a call to my gun it
hahaha that's one thing that happens
when you try to wash off some money
pause you get the stamp of approval yep
ding boom accept anything no I'm too
down oh honey look I can hear them but
gotta do that cut all right it's time
for the daddy bird to feed his baby
birds and I only give them the best of
all the nectars here you go my son so
that you can grow into a prince
the magical magical elixir
the MiGs all the babies stroked lumpy
bear alright Logie Baird come here you
want a bite Loki bear are you going to
the gym Oh
Loki bear stole juice yeah say what do
you say and I love you and I love my
brother too and I promise never to
backstab him okay I love you oh babe yes
for that because what big or a while
well one of the children is locked
outside with the large animal what do
you have in your hand and I see a pink I
see at that that's a mischievous look
turn around
how many Isis have you had young lady
Logan let that culprit in would you
please is she really not open the door
mom
where'd you go where could you go there
yeah what's up now and action hey
Legoland and actually on the rat tail
ready
Cheerilee get open the door open the
door rock guard can do it himself
come on open it she don't she don't got
them games it's a sliding door how is
she eight she don't got them Gaines no
he's calling you a weakling where's the
gays baby tard really I'm like doing
this close-in thing sometimes it's fun
I like zooming on the faces I feel like
it's more dramatic over the door she
can't open the door alright we're
feeding babies watermelon Sunday evening
we're winding down for the night and we
go to bed after we feed this baby look
Adam is so excited
let him get in there hey looked like a
Buddha baby get to watermelon oh I
played him like alpha found a noodle kid
I'm surprised
don't worry grandma clean Oh grandma's
gonna be pissed
gotta go guys went to counter okay Carl
you're in my end slate say something
funny
dad come on
do you know the end slate is no you
don't know then play this guy I have an
idea okay what is this what is this time
of this is the Shakers when life's worth
living against board but what are you're
supposed to do here what do you do I'm
supposed to say something funny
no if you're a viewer and you're
watching this video for the first time
what would you think you would do right
here this is the end of the video this
is the very end of the video make a
comment would anything on the screen
ah would you think to click on the
screen yeah you would subscribe
what would you click on subscribe why
would you click on subscribe because
it's a big back with the arrow would you
know that you could click on something
though oh yeah you can't oh then if you
hover over it right yes you guys know
that right if you hover your mouse over
TV and click on something this is the
end slate you can click on yesterday's
vlog you can click on the field of lucky
button if you want to see Dad what we
are doing exactly on this day one year
ago click on that one okay two three
four five you get it so if I want to say
what were you doing exactly five years
ago today you could click right there
what were you doing dad exactly five
years ago today I'm sure I was at work
Monday Monday at work alright so that's
what the insight is
thanks dad you don't even know my own
insight is see you guys tomorrow
what a beaut I get from you I can't
believe this
