are we rolling
Marcus hey guys how's it going it's
Sunday
selfie Sunday so I'll take its out this
one takes sunny you messed up the tripod
make me go back down just ruin one take
Sunday hi guys whose baby is that back
there was an American Girl doll hey
everybody
me and elder Butler here I will just got
done teaching a first discussion hola
we're headed home okay everybody calm
down okay we're doing what take Sunday
just did that you're just that guy if
you look at yourself at the camera
look at this
alright we're all gonna go around and
say one thing that we learned today okay
I'm first Logan in the came 55 it don't
feel like you're gonna steal my thing
how do you know mr. because we just
learned it really already just learned
the same thing the guys so my thing is
this
don't eat chocolate chip pancakes too
early in the morning without your thing
no okay seriously though if you can't
picture something in your mind and
imagine that you're gonna be there one
day you know they're ever gonna be there
and I just learned that true more true
than you could even believe we're just
listening to the Joel Osteen CD and he
starts off this whole it's called your
best life it's these blue CDs your best
life now I highly recommend if you
haven't listened to Joel Olsteen do it
if I wasn't a Mormon I would go to the
Joel Olsteen Church he's awesome anyways
he starts off by talking about a story
of a man going to a friend's house
they're looking at this amazing house
and the first thing that guy says to
himself as he sees this amazing house on
this beautiful property he says I would
I could never live in a house like this
my heck I could never imagine myself
living in a place like this and as soon
as he said it he heard a voice in his
head that said then you won't don't
worry you'll never have a place like
this because if you can't first imagine
it then you never will actually have it
I've the people have said that we've
like did that hundred-mile by a grade or
what I've done marathons people cooked
me and say I could never do that and I
say to them like you never will do that
really what like will you save yourself
I could never do that you're right you
are fulfilling your own self prophecy
and it is a cliche as they say but it is
so true if you cannot picture in your
head what you want to achieve then you
will never achieve it nothing is gonna
ever accidentally happen to you you're
never gonna accidentally get a bunch of
fortune and blessings
yeah you're never gonna accidentally
write a hundred miles on a bike that
will not happen if you do that was a bad
day in your life how's that I
accidentally wrote about what you
learned
they were good
you can never dream of eating a
delicious roof speed sandwich then
you'll never have Rock chart what'd you
learn today baby did you learn anything
good put your head on put your cool hat
on that you got he's a firefighter Bob
decided to become a firefighter today
picture putting out fires you can do it
I believe tell these kids in the back
hold the camera hey kids what did you
learn today
that is a good thing you got to be
patient son tard to the camera this way
what'd you learn
look at that face
who's driving hey guys are driving I'm
gonna get crap for that one that Dodge
what'd you learn
come on bro
I think in sunders logic he says if I
say every word and it takes me 12
seconds to say every word maybe know
then maybe I'll forget maybe also never
I'll just leave the car I learned I'm
not being that's true if you are nice to
people that's actually a good point if
you want to get friends and you don't
have friends if you be a friend then you
will have friends this is true true
I'm sure that's dick truth say goodbye
rock-hard say bye everything buy a loaf
s my dad
but that's a big accomplishment
right a bike with no training wheels
boom that's really good Rufus I'm very
proud of you
that's good very very talented all right
one take Sunday you guys we were in Utah
we're driving back to Idaho now we were
at Kaylee who is my brother's wife you
guys know my brother Casey his wife
Kaylee her brother
Hayden is going to Germany on a two-year
mission so he's gonna have to learn how
to speak German sprechen zie boy he
sprechen zie Deutsch breaking back and I
told him I said go and get that World
Cup and bring it home cuz Germany just
won the world covering it's true
listen if you take anything out of this
crazy car video if you can't picture it
then you'll never achieve it what's
something that you want think imagines
imagine something that is just maybe you
would never imagine that you could never
do imagine that and you can have it you
can get it Logan
you just went to fix your hair every
like oh I don't wanna be that guy so
then you pretended yeah I was like oh
yeah I mean introduced believe it
believe think of something today that
you've never imagined for yourself
everything that seems too good to be
true that would happen in your life I
imagine starting a beard look at that
Logan right now I'm Charlie and I'm
putting you on the spot say something
other than about your rat tail that you
want to happen in your life I want to
have
there's a lot of things I want to truly
feel accomplished how do I let it be
able to sit back and say I am
accomplished yeah a really strong good
family of my own I feel accomplished
well I have a great family I'm bragging
about that seriously like one of my
biggest goals to have a really good
family you should build one this these
guys are any ladies out there I want to
start it though you got a girlfriend I
got a girlfriend
hi Morgan Morgan all right love you guys
and see you tomorrow what a birthday see
you tomorrow hey Molly hi Molly
I had my seat warmer by tomorrow
