okay now the girls are one taking one to
hang up in our room only the three yes
because we're having a sleepover - I
think I don't are you gonna let your
brother Hey okay all right we're getting
ready to go up to the house
hey little guy is teething tell them
what that means baby tarde do you know
what that means no that means he's
ornery cause he's trying to get to like
system no you can shoot the wall when he
cries shoot the why did this well I
guess if it makes him happy if you'd
like that you shot hey listen you are
dirty kind of it when I was saying like
this stuff she was crunch
whereas saying get the pigeon what
sometimes like it is stuff and then I
stop you say dead stuff yeah what does
that mean like Brooke when you talk
about monsters and deserts ah okay I
thought baby turns a little bit
Nightmare Before Christmas a little bit
Adams family
she's our Wednesday he likes it he likes
death and murdered wait what anyway
moving on to a happier topic not happy
his teeth are hurting him because he's
trying to get a few more teeth oh all
right
my mom and her parrot puppy this dog is
like just sits on her boobs in her
shoulder it's that weird he just climbs
up there we get in the car and he just
climbs up on there like a parrot would
on a pirate usually it's not my son
then we get more tricks mom no more
tricks
he just chills right there so I'm taking
me down to my truck because Casey got
pulled over for speeding apparently his
license is suspended because he was a
DMV I don't know - some CDL thing in
Utah and he didn't downgrade to a
regular because he didn't want a CDL
anymore so then his license is expired
so he can't drive so I had to drive up
to get him and leave my truck there
solely they wouldn't let him drive a
mile just doing his job
that's stupid he should say okay I'm
gonna follow you the mile to your house
Oh mom's mad at the police tell the
police guys my mom's made the Popo but
um mom you rely on police to protect you
I have a lot of friends here please she
does that's why mom's like who is it
like let me talk to him like mom it's
okay to talk we can handle it mom my
mom's like let me talk to him I probably
know his mother saw her going talent to
get my truck right now and mom's puppy
parrot is on particular he's chillin all
right so here's the situation grandma is
super mom she's swooping in take all of
the kids to the movies the pair mom the
summer air so I told mom that she needs
to take the camera because I have to
stay up here and Colette's coming up
here because we have to pick out white
are we're trying to get this house ready
so that we can move in so grandma is
saving us and she's taking all the kids
so I'm sending the camera with you okay
grandma can I hear you're in charge of
the vlog give it to uh who do you guys
want to see who should vlog give it to
uh give it to who it more will probably
the best okay first confirm where's
captain Gavin's on a playdate with some
kid and four just okay are you excited
to see the movie pop went back are you
excited to see the movie game
gage are you excited to see the movie
Rock are you excited movie or do you
just want to buy a bunch of that are you
excited to see the movie yes I'm excited
to see the movie
hey hey love you he wrote art is feeling
a little sick because he has teeth
coming in I can see three of them yeah
he's in a good mood right now dude your
first tooth is a human being welcome to
the species we all have teeth here see
like Marlon Duke deep hey Dylan so um
gramma has all the kids we are here
making real estate decisions we're gonna
make some real estate decisions they're
gonna be real really estate ready
decisions thanks so are you we gonna be
moved in by the time school starts
that's the stressful part we want to be
in and have the kids like situated in
their rooms before school starts so that
we're in and ready that's gonna happen
for drama so I know we're picking out
lights let's go we got a notebook got a
pen we got a baby which always comes in
handy when you're picking out lights
because they have the best design option
ideas yes I do dad why else do you think
I'm here I don't wanna hang out with you
guys he's not gonna have a tooth
I notice he's dancin when I music was on
he was dancing the dancer yeah I hope he
gets his way of like oh I'm meeting
attention I better do something
mm-hmm yeah people look how much like he
has this this disease I've seen when
babies do that left hemorrhage breath
he's a beautiful baby like how I shake
his head around a lot hi Boober I love
you it's just one on one time with the
bro tar paper released and it's played
quiet right now but everyone but it's
haven't started yet it's really drunk
cause you probably don't see me so
excited you guys can see me I'll show
you guy out but I'll tell you guys after
the movie but I won't spoil it okay the
movie just ended it was amazing
that's some hard to the Sun that some
person was happy and which is also
awesome because the end is kind of sad
yeah fun you guys cheating you should go
see it are you watching right now you
should watch right would you look who
just showed up
is that que cela beer my little brother
who looks exactly like me so much who's
better-looking you guys me or Casey
better-looking cousin I'm his dad
sometimes yeah
well it's like too loud bearded guys too
Chucky my dad's cousin of my dad cuz
they really want to show me your laundry
room
tell him to lay out here mom it's hard
she's the master designer
it's just a mess with the blood room
before that was a bathroom that's why I
can figure it out bathroom is gonna
mudroom so this was a bathroom but we
turned it into a laundry room a room be
exposed
well-put we're having a door right there
babe no right here you're what yeah if
you have a door right here yellow mud
room the kids are gonna pick their shoes
off right years that's why we have a
cabinet right there we have a cat out
there and they have to just keep it
inside their drawers or cubbies always
cut their hands off part of that's part
of it I'll be independent
Kacie you'll do the hang of it and the
KC has three hatchets on him right now
as we speak
all right we're deciding light fixtures
okay right now we are going to take a
picture of all of us so everybody you
ready okay let's study
and $3 rating to navigate okay ready get
in there gage get in there everybody
making flushing Tammy come down a little
bit so get ready nigga find me Jenny's
gage get in there okay gage get in there
everybody drop down limit so gage pins
it in okay okay here are the pictures we
got two sets one for each family one for
each family not the girl you didn't take
one hey c'mere boys you can look at
these okay now the girls are one taking
one to hang up in our room only the
three yes cuz we're having a sleepover -
I think I don't you say taking a bath oh
good
it looks like it's really cozy in here
I'll take a bath I was just telling
Colette this is an interesting parent
design idea or design tip so I wanted to
I wanted to get a glass you know those
like glass doors that will slide shut so
this whole thing will be closed in some
water would get all over the floor but
classes no you can't bath kids and those
very good spare hard no I know it means
there's like that track there and it's
hard to bathe the baby a kids fight
although proton is to do during to
getting a lot of baths in this bathtub
are you could tidy the bath in here do
every bath and shower that you take for
the next 15 years is probably gonna be
right here
probably not 15 - so darling move
downstairs when his brush
goke me and brought one get our own room
next to each other we want to paint the
bathroom downstairs this is what they
look like they haven't for did yet so
that I will look like for DFS me and we
are going to run in Brady's going to
keep one we're going to hang them up in
their rooms in the jungle I couldn't be
happier here just sprawling the big soft
feel the grass get the Sun on his belly
haha Zeki all Oh what that yeah you
ready to play I was just laying down but
if you ready to play I'll play aren't
all gonna like your big monster you're a
big monster
don't hurt me your big laws are all
looking what you're all so much laughs
oh he licked me everywhere oh girl as
his daddy
here she goes he does your daddy make it
home we like spirits like last arrest me
alright might as well do some puppy
wrestling hey come here ladies how was
the movie he took pictures oh I can
handle it
pictures did you get some good footage
guys oh this is crazy I can't wait to
see what's on this little device she get
good footage I'm trying to film us
taking the pictures yeah hi mom let's
see your pictures that's good how did
they behave at the movie they did you
can get a big popcorn two big drinks two
candy bars in a can of flu massage
you're gonna complain
don't complain how expensive it is was
$50 in the trees
what do you guys tell your mom grandma I
mean rolling around on the chairs I hope
they're in there like laying on what
movie do you got it
I have Genet so good I went to
DreamWorks and watched them but I like
show us the house Lobby but that boy
movie ding girl movie thank you did did
rock hard like it rock darn he did did
you like the movie one day Monty start
screaming oh great you just ruin the
movie you guys we're just gonna go get
one so if you go see it yo you'll know
they want a 50% like maybe when maybe
they don't win nitrogen now we know that
they won you've shown the black dragon
Joy's mom you know do it grandpa have a
thing on your head and you don't came to
mind too much to you it just stared it
hood did you miss next week it all over
my woman okay dad I'm vlogging what my
cookies on your shoulders look he's not
big enough just to know that means he's
growing up if he's on your shoulders and
I ain't ready for that he likes the view
guy he loves to hit you on my side we
just had dinner at a place here in town
called the Sandpiper this is the very
first job I ever had
oh yeah a place oh when I turned 15
years old my very first job is washing
dishes in this bed in this building okay
you're next peanut I just went in there
and looked at it and looks exactly the
same it's really started right here very
first day I got a job here I was picking
up cigarette butts in this parking lot
yeah watch on this whole parking lot
picked up cigarette butts everybody
you're not getting the car til you all
pick up five cigarette butts oh you have
to eat them hello just kidding it really
took you seriously come on never mind
just joking haha let's go you found one
where'd you find
let's see it no those are rocks dude
those are rocks
nice try though okay let's go high-fives
wait
high fives for trying he really wants to
find them now
it's a game it's a game to see you can
click on all of the clickable
annotations first who's gonna get them
all how many is there five six seven
seven clickable videos you guys can
watch every video we ever made
that's one way to catch up I see people
that tweet me or make comments on
Facebook or YouTube about I'm doing a
Shaytards marathon one way you could do
is just watch the regular vlog everyday
and then just go back and watch the 1 2
3 4 & 5 and then you know we're doing
every single day for the last 5 years
that's a great way to catch up that's
what I would do but some of you are
crazy some of you're like I'm starting
from day 1 and I'm gonna watch all the
Shaytards from the very first day up
until now it's like been 5 and a half
years later so how I'm gonna actually
take if you're gonna sit down and do
that 5 and a half years it's gotta be
like months I feel like that's crazy
anyways love you guys I love this brand
new end slate isn't it's fancy I figured
you guys need to see my hairy chest for
at least the next two weeks gonna get
some merchandise links below love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow bye
