where
so grab your
have to laugh
ooh compressing movie it feels so good
to hit export on a long edit what would
you know about a long at it never edited
a day in your life
today's kind of edit is a hard one I
have like 40 minutes of footage because
we're out waterskiing so I got a bunch
of just like wind and you know Colette's
footage from los angeles and trying to
figure out the time line and chronology
of it those edits take the longest i
took 40 minutes and i whittled it down
to 19 and i try to do like a back and
forth and it just takes a long time so
it feels good to hit exports let's check
out logan is shining up my truck like a
good boy low-key bear you make him shine
so beautifully oh I can see my
reflection in your nipples with the
vacuum so just trying to get all little
details
good yeah Camping's get is the vacuum
stage but i have a lot of dust to cover
how did you do it good job do a very
good job my friend
looks very nice Oh feels so good to be
home again I love it I love my babies I
love them all all messenger babies a
tale of l3t
it is we're headed to the grocery store
to get groceries because when mom's gone
for a couple days food goes fast so
let's go get some room allen key joy hey
so did you just stick your face in your
lunch today
you did and of course I don't have the
baby with me so I don't have any wipes
with me my kids their rhymes we're
rushing into the first store today we
don't wash our faces faces are you gonna
feel bad if we don't get any of those
things that you love because we're on
shayloss bro Shayla can't eat a hot dogs
and chicken nuggets like what churros is
good
Trix is not that I mean Cheerios still
aren't way better than tricks but they
are better I know that they love we just
cannot get not only Sheila Shay loss yes
but do you know the best way to sabotage
so guys is to buy all the stuff that
they can't have the old block I would be
ready there's supposed to lose weight
but I love this idea
okay but you can't gain weight with the
sugar yeah come lick in here okay you
silly silly giggles here take it back
I'm sorry you got to do it you can't
sabotage our boy aah
somebody stop rebelling against this
jail I project okay whoa
gotta do it guys got to change the way
we buy food then that will change the
way we eat just a dollar
that's what Oh two dollars 98 cents a
pretty much physical we gotta buy good
things so that we have good things in
the house so that they will eat good
things cuz if you buy bad things you eat
bad things we got a hurry what's on the
list
Carla this is our list is okay also
another page that's not on the list like
that
Oh
I guess I'll let that swing as long as
you keep it from the Schloss screw it
seriously papad no lighten up favor
okay bread remember the kind we need no
need we're in a hurry because we're
trying to be out of here by 2:00 and
it's 141 right now I know I'm not the
one oh I love that one too
I love the white bread I love the
cookies I wrap everything there it is
that's what we get oh I'm putting this
back dude I'm sorry goodbye Shirley
Temple that's not doable
that's not Shirley Temple but it looks
like her grandmother's
I love having helpers so much fun hey uh
I know making fun of by the way comment
from yesterday's vlog I'm not making fun
of country people or southern people I
don't I don't think that means that
you're dumb if you talk like that
farmers are some of the smartest people
in the world people that can ranch and
provide food for everybody else you know
all of us other lame people we have to
get our food from the grocery store
because we don't know how to make it
ourselves we have farmers and ranchers
and people that lived in the country and
stuff like that think this world
wouldn't be what it is today I reckon I
love you little boy don't go home
are you sad why are you sad bro mom
you've been waiting for her up here she
went down and she said come on he goes
no go get the car and come get me and I
don't think she's coming to get you bro
I think she wants you to walk down the
road with your daddy gonna hold hands
gonna walk down with your daddy
Hey I love you have a kiss you kiss
you're a good boy it's just fun for me
to talk in a country accent because I
can't really do any other ones I can't
really do a country one either but it's
fun for me that's why I do it I'm not
trying to make fun of anybody guys don't
get so fence my love live in the country
here you know what it's funny because I
always kind of considered myself because
I saw some comments about people who are
like oh I couldn't stand living in the
country I love living in the city I kind
of always considered myself not a
three person I like cities I like people
I like being around a lot of people and
when I was growing up living in the
country was like this is lame
I want to be where it's like happening
you know like going down at Times Square
there's like an energy there I love that
I thrive off of that but there's
something I don't know about after
living in LA for five years you know
here feels so nice and I'm sure in a
month you know I'll miss the the
excitement of LA and stuff and I'll get
on an airplane and I'll go to LA but I
don't know what are you are you country
or you city I think it depends on where
you grew up
either you love it or you hate it right
if you grew up in the country and you
move to a big city and you loved it or
if you grew up in a big city and you
want to you know get away from it all
I'm not interesting what are you are you
a city kid or a country kid you heard of
here first folks as kids a country kid
you see a motorcycle coming
all right let's go country kid there he
is mr. motorcycle he's been over every
square inch of this property he can tell
you every boulder nook cranny an oak
tree what's up bro he just viewing the
property okay let's go we're gonna go
down and get some lunch okay
okay how's the back warning I'll meet
you at the suburban we're gonna go get
some lunch
you ready to get some lunch country boy
a country boy can survive a culture ball
cancer ah yeah all giddy up let's go get
some grub also today is a huge momentous
day for a child in our family
maybe tard has now learned and I can't
believe we haven't film it did you just
learn today Maya a via you own her now
you mean my sister a via do you know you
have that helmet on backwards well you
are only six inches off the ground so
you're probably okay let's here go girl
go girl go baby tart is officially on a
bike without training wheels today is
the day
dude I'm proud of you babe what she's
doing it with a backboard spider-man get
up on good job hey now we got to get you
your own bike so you can bike around out
here okay training wheel oh that's too
small we need to get you a bigger you're
gonna be on a Harley by next Tuesday
dude did you pull some dad Duty today
and teach a kid how to ride a bike
what's going on how's your surgery I can
I try to like help
- doing you and she did it hey thank you
I was busy talking to the Builder Al's
back running
alright Park it let's go ditches look at
this you see that okay did got something
for you I've been working on it all
afternoon okay
here check it out what do you think the
hilarious I've got like four or five of
those dude they're so funny
Gavin doll yeah see now you guys thought
it was funny
it was pretty funny dude I was there
running around with my buddies Bronx
that was a question ever he's like
weren't they get so many dogs Zeke is
our dog Bronx the boxers Casey's dog the
little black lab named Kobe is my dad's
dog and the blond lab dog is Carly's dog
right the tiny one which is growl and
then Jackson whose mom my mom's little
tiny dog coming talked is that five dogs
and apparently we're gonna get some cats
up there too from what I hear we have to
cuz there's mice they're like uh my seen
cats cats and I'll come up in each mice
cuz there's a lot of them up there
we're cleaning up stuff every time we
turn something over there was mice
getting near them why you know my
aesthetic to them yeah well yeah I have
to stay away from the cat they'll be in
the barn though they're gonna be barn
cats so we're playing with American Girl
dolls
and I've got my bitty baby right here
hey hey sweetie bitty babies but Daxton
that's it
hey hey hey okay okay but you're so
pretty
what have I stumbled on here it's just
an American Girl doll picnic party I
don't think somebody's having a very
good time
hey boat boy
I don't blame it look at that thing who
has to wear this not like it it rocked
her oh cool no that made made you your
doll have a rat tail too he's like this
is how you make a rat tail good well oh
you lost your bow and bro tard lost the
bow in his hair sorry short vlog today
me and mommy tart had a lot of making
out to do she just got back from
California we hadn't seen each other for
a little over 48 hours and that requires
a lot of lip lock Ã¤j-- right mommy
tarde yeah no she didn't kiss me once
click on yesterday's vlog
they gonna feel lucky bunnies y'all
should shake down doing 1 2 3 4 5 years
ago like oh no face I like that it's a
pretty pastel right then the cart down
there you click on some merchandise
great alright love you guys ducks and
say I love you guys say bye see you
tomorrow
love you
