hey guys aware I make her today we're
doing two episodes of the bomb - and we
just had a special episode where Daxton
got to play with a cake and so we're in
the kitchen now he was covered he looked
like he was the goalie from Germany with
the glove good yeah I think then I felt
bad like I couldn't grab the camera to
take a picture and so I got him in the
bathtub before I got a picture Thank You
Destin Destin Hey hi cake eater yeah you
like that cake are you gonna be so high
for now need to be any sugar high yeah
he really will I'm so happy to be here
and see Cecily you he's always been
sweet but today I feel sweet I moved I
was gonna show you guys the cake check
out this cake that got some destroyed
lookit that is all that so it was
delicious but I don't think anybody
dares touch it now they actually got
another one so that everybody could try
a piece but we are getting ready to film
the second episode that will air I don't
even know don't even ask me just go to
the mom's view and you'll see it I was
just admiring how beautiful you look
today thank you so much this is me this
is my admissions true it is true yes I
never wear dresses like that because I'm
nursing and I can't get to you know
avoid your boobs are bigger than my
let's say cuz I would fool minds from
the top I can't just go home yeah just
there there you go come on yeah like
that hey what do we see you guys what is
it it's hot
baby tired of let me see baby turned as
a gummy snake do maybe he'll come eat it
look at this hawk he's looking right at
us right now
look how far he can turn his head all
the way around his body
very good oh it's flexible that way he
can watch for predators coming at any
direction it's coming you want our gummy
snake mr. hawk ah wanna see him fly go
kill some of the mice okay your job and
kill the mice
hmm I just got ba right ladies and
gentlemen welcome to the 2014 Tech Deck
on a premium saltine cracker box
championship featuring Logan McKay baby
on door okay it's taped to the granite
anyone okay okay yeah this is the trick
okay you ready
they off to judge Ollie to funbox triple
and possible off to finish that was such
a good trick bro
Terry's kids do it with the camera under
pressure now oh did you land it fun box
oh he landed it where you at Gavin watch
your language
there any gaps we find it like that
landing in the manual dude that's okay
ah dang it
just that's how I do I just slap the
 I my turn it's how I do is ready so
much right we go shred down the highway
Oh flip trick clip yeah that's the final
trick okay just slapping the skateboard
as hard as I could
yeah what's up beautiful dude is this
Justin Bieber in the house yeah sing a
song to us gonna wait for me you weirdo
getting your uncle's hand some are weird
I look in the face wait let dr. your
roulette stop squeezing what do you
think she liked the rat tail you think
princess are be serious come on
I actually like it that's one person
yo my team that is one person you have
one person's life surround a live one
person keeps it alive you're encouraging
the rat tail watching it is a
dah I've read my hairdo yes sir Diddy's
saw the tricky camera yep that's what
we're doing water waiting oh all right
I'm editing uploading making Internet
videos alright we just wrapped on the
second episode of Tia media and it was a
good one what do you think it's so fun
to be bad it is basically more my
testimony about how you should i'm
children like so i'm not a like bit of a
creek but you bit of a crazy person by
it baby i'm like cheering 1 6 6 6 6
which is like babies I mean as well over
populate the earth you hey we talked
about having kids and the other episode
we talked about birthdays and stuff so
is fun it's kind of cool being here in
LA because usually when I'm here I'm
like okay now I gotta focus on getting
home but no I'm like oh we're sort of on
vacation I just have one kid and we can
you know kind of take our time and go
visit some friends so it's kind of fun
but I miss you guys
in Idaho I hope you're having fun and I
hope you're surviving without your mom
cuz I know you need me hop just kidding
just miss me please I want you to miss
me I love you all hmm what I was got it
again Logan's trying to get the surf me
down you wanted what no you have to wear
your lifejacket bro
alright no robe Oh got enough
roostertail baba he fell off the way out
here surfing with shaycarl
he's going to try and do without the
rope can you do it ladies and gentlemen
there it is there it is oh there goes
the board
get in there and I don't know how I look
to it ha ha started mouth Shay you can
do some wack borden he's gonna do some
wack board that's a sweet board we got
all the kiddos swimming on the 2015
Malibu wake Center
okay just don't get strategy that glass
water and the beautiful sunset behind
you board floats and you float so just
sit back like you're in a lawn chair
chill out relax don't waste any energy
haven't let your heels come your buck
arm straight you know what's funny Logan
what and my son was a little bit younger
than you I took you with me on a date my
very first day with my wife we so crazy
and I held you out of the side of the
boat with the wakeboard get the
wakeboard on your feet and I held you
like this really cool I remember
barefooting on the bar that's what they
did dude I got it on camera bro all
right sub dad when we're Deb is gonna
get in here he goes you got this dawg
Oh
attagirl
night
he's wakeboarding my boys wakeboarding
at a kid nice
got it
little baby boy doesn't want to tell you
tonight but we're having it
this little boys getting harder and
harder to take out because he doesn't
want to stay under a nursing cover but
he has to obviously and it's not go
ahead
he does my does not want everyone to
know what she's got
starting up he's dancing phone
thank you you've been a wonderful way
we doesn't know what to think about
they're like should I do that
we're mom hey are you guys having a good
time baby stars got her doll rocked are
you having fun
no you got to wear it sit down oh here
we go here's Ashley out on the water
excuse me does that brave to all have a
life Jackie and lady she needs to have
yeah there you go
rap
there's two babies and two assessories
mm-hmm that's really that's really
creeping me out
actually I would be like if you would do
next
I think that's why she loves it so much
if I take another baby another minor
there's - rattles - it'll open up
perfectly so this is round two we're
shooting all day today Mommy and Me
stuff so it's gonna be cool this is a
new show on the mom so that's sort of
like cello two bumps but it's gonna be
different
because we don't have bumps anymore yeah
babies I'm gonna film all day today with
these lovely ladies since he's watching
the baby we're actually going to try to
have the babies on the episode with us
because that makes it more fun but if
they don't work out then Cecily will be
there in the wings to swoop them away
and give them milk couldn't stuff like
that
so filming with Shahrzad and Kaylee and
gonna be fun can you do him out she just
figured this out he looks just like when
he does it he lit it I hate it so much
it was me invited yeah what do you hear
I think those brown tub thing oh the
bucket okay I think that's weird too
when I first saw it I was like that
doesn't look like it will be such
anxiety well also because I think he was
too little but then I tried again cuz he
can kind of hold his head up
uh-huh oh no no no no absolutely no huh
and it looked scary I think yours are
sitting up by themselves
yeah like it'll probably be funded like
he wouldn't even fit in the tub I feel
like really you can't you go back to
your are you ready to be on the mom
school okay fun I think I want the
traditional back because
what I do now is just I hop in the tub
and we have no fur giving up yeah yeah
already with the babies that's the best
so this is our set for the show that I
can't think of the name up on the moms
now anyways I'll let you guys know when
it comes up look at these pictures these
are our babies
there's Jackson I love it the glare oh
it's so cute and then there's that
always good oh my gosh and then there's
a Driss oh we're getting ready to film
another episode of Mommy & Me and that's
about his pose all my favorite things
that babies do is suck on their toes I
know it's disgusting but it's so cute
thanks for fixing my cane she makes us
beautiful getting a quick shot of the
boys hi boys go ahead and speed
everything says please our lifesaver I
would do this magic magic my the games
been helping a lot with the elevator
bless shoes just getting moms to stand
behind the cameras and we're just gonna
roll for a few minutes thank you okay
I'm up here he's right there's we got to
get him to smile look over here just for
the Preston hey honey
are you excited to go home miss you
daddy thank you daddy it's so excited to
be on the floor he spreads his legs all
the way out here you're stretchy like a
cheerleader huh or or a ninja ninja star
stretch you two guys
I'm sure later this is our gate I did I
had home to our family I can't wait I
can't tell you what a relief it is to
fly into Salt Lake City it just feels
like I can breathe I don't know what it
is like I have I didn't ever realize
that when I was in LA but when I'm here
it's just like I can breathe and there's
another thing that I wanted to tell you
guys that were very interesting to me
today was kind of a really hard day we
had three shoot well we had one big
shoot with like three different episodes
and it was a really busy time and then I
had to fly out and I took to flight so I
had a layover and it was kind of
challenging with just a baby and I had
three experiences where people were just
I'm trying to think of the right word
non chivalrous I don't know that's a
bird um where people were just kind of
rude and like cut in front of me you
know I'm sitting here carrying a baby I
have him strapped to me I've got two
bags that I'm carrying I'm not saying
that people just have to like bend over
backwards to help me but it was just
kind of like oh okay like they just cut
in front of me and it for rude like
three different times and then I get on
my flight to go to Salt Lake City and
there's a man in front of me and we're
getting on the plane and he goes man
would it make you more comfortable to be
up in first class with your baby I'll
switch seats with you
and I told him no I said thank you so
much but that's okay because you know I
don't have to sit in first class with
them I'm okay
but just that fact that he offered made
me feel like gosh I almost cried I was
like thank you so much for offering it
just made me feel so good there's still
people out there that notice you know
what I mean it just made me feel good
it was really kind I hope good things
come to him because karma is Li Burma
will come back and help him out
I think anyways it was really cool this
little guy have been very good we were
very good on your back yes you were oh
if you miss BAM
I like that in Slade that's good hey I
really appreciate all of you that have
ever made us a Shaytards intro or a
Shaytards end slate we can't use them
all but I do see a lot of them but I
really appreciate the time and effort
that you guys put into it having said
that it's time to click on this
brand-new end slate if you want to click
on yesterday's vlog it's right there to
the left if you want to subscribe which
you should do it's free and you'll love
our family and if you do we will send
you adoption papers which you must
process immediately if you want to be
inducted into our family if you want to
click on that feeling lucky button click
on Malachi's bub as you guys know all of
our merchandise is now maker shop you
see right there as his maker shop it
switched from Rodeo arcade to maker shop
so if you want to get a hat a shirt some
socks we might have some watermelon
shaycarl socks coming soon you know how
I love the melon and if you want to see
it exactly 1 2 3 4 or 5 years ago what
we're doing on this day you can click on
those corresponding numbers if you're on
a mobile device like an iPod and iPhone
or an iPad or some other thing that's
not an Apple product I don't know why
I'm only Apple dating Steve Jobs has
brainwashed me you could actually click
the show more and go down to the video
description and click on all those links
below okie-doke I love you Gotham will
kiss your right on your silly little
faces I see your little faces all
smiling right now you are you're smiling
with a kitchen your silly little
fighting gotta get aside
