um take Sunday meaning no edits still
right here on the phone family happy
Sunday night the kids are super excited
because we've just watched a recent hey
camera video where she did a predict the
gender of your baby type thing which
I'll have to go and see what her results
were but I'm not having a baby I'm not
pregnant I'm not announcing anything
whoa wait yo what are you pushing that
through on the carpet yes
what are all those holes in the paper
for from me is that your homework okay
babe let's see it okay so I'm not having
a baby but this predicts even if you're
not pregnant it'll just protect like my
children well it's a wife style who
knows if it's true I don't know any it
goes so I'm gonna be honest first I've
never done it so weird right today's
capons don't worry good I'm not leaving
I'll leave this ring on don't spill that
orange juice you know what you have to
do is you go over each finger and then
you hold there
the ring is my ring and my hair but I'm
dating this thing bye and I will hold
about my hand and if it sways back and
forth
it means girl if it's in a circle it
means boy and your elbow can't be
touching it in here and we'll hit with
the students and we have to go through
each kit so it'll start with the first
one so let's see if it's right cuz it
could be totally wrong I mean I have
five children already so we'll know if
boy trick okay chick so here we go this
is the for the first child go long each
some sort of witchcraft when you learn
this I'm sweeter so it's circling it's
not oh okay it's going in a circle
yeah boys first kids a boy so you don't
know if you didn't hear what she said
circle is a boy
okay so second kid so I have a
suggestion if you at home want to try
this with somebody to find out the
gender of your baby
so now
I say if you guys try this at home like
that means it's a girl if it goes back
and forth yeah if it goes in a circle
it's a boy what I'm saying though is if
you want to try this with somebody do
not tell them that the circle means a
boy and the back and forth means a girl
because then you think subconsciously
you know you're probably doing it a
little bit with your hand like you're
supposed to just hang it there and it
does whatever it does trying to be
totally still but your brain is more
powerful than you thought
so if you try this don't tell you know
just how people do this but then don't
tell them what the things me and then
you can really test to see if it's so
this one's the third kit and it's
supposed to go oh that's going in a
circle isn't it yeah I'm a boy oh we
didn't tell you this whole time
well I didn't I didn't I swear I didn't
move it now it's going back and forth I
swear I didn't maybe my mom boy maybe my
mind no I did was no Gavin stuff okay no
we don't want touching it okay
all right so I didn't move like your
girls so now it's Brock - Brock what's
it supposed to go on a circle now let's
see oh and if it does swing really big
like let's see if it swings really big
then that means you might have twins I
think Carly should do it and if you do a
circle really big then that means you're
not important but just wait if it go up
before then cause we change broad
congratulations your boy is really
freaking me out so I'm not moving my
hand Elise prager ladies so excited to
concentrate all right - okay so many
kids my arms games haha hey Daxton
you're up next
okay and then you can do it to see if
you're gonna have another cub sir cool
now ask it ask you if you're gonna have
oh my gosh I have butterflies right now
you really this is for if I have a sixth
child which I'm not pregnant
no I mean like not just so this will say
if it's a boy or a girl
go can are we having another kid why
don't this help us decide Oh
Circle section is like what is a cute
baby
what's up with your gender wars over
here don't like doing this Hey what just
saying I'm just saying no no this oh
wait has anybody ever heard of this
wives tale
go watch Kaylee's video she's pregnant
Carly's pregnant do they know what
they're having you know I guess all six
children I don't know it was just
twisting alright well congratulations we
figured out if you guys are boys or
girls she's very hot oh so glad we did
this
dance means Daxton why are you stabbing
everything you're gonna punish it
don't stab the carpet
according to this don't stop the car pay
yes
all right well it's bedtime Tom girl huh
instead of a tomboy great it's Sunday
night um sorry
it was Family Church day we did not
upload video tell right now this is it
yeah we love you guys so seriously are
we having another baby
yes good ever know I don't know yes
oh girl I don't like to I will tell okay
everybody good night anybody want to say
anything to these guys how do you just
saying can I you have a mallet you know
what it's like a rubber now I know you
know if you don't want you know you're a
rubber addiction it's really good it's
like a it's like a tennis ball like a
racquetball
let me see if this hurts okay let me
just get my head of it bumble okay I'll
see you guys tomorrow
sorry the one take all night you get
yourself in the house like oh okay do
one trick for us before we go guys ah
everybody has to jump off that bench and
do a trick any pick up your oj dachshund
can you stop stabbing your binder for a
minute well I missed it
okay Spade you go first you have to do a
trick off the bench footage Oh we'll do
a live show as we go to a hospital here
we're gonna do a live show are you ready
everybody has to touch their toes let's
have a tetra toes contest okay yo you're
tossing splits like touch him in the air
like mom just did all right do you don't
think sorry I don't want to micromanage
your creativity when it comes to the
jump go that's pretty good good dance oh
hey Avia
gimme go all right it's my turn here
babe Gavin that's good all right
that was really good okay well that was
really good for yeah you did I don't -
'''l gap oh good hey Dad boys are silly
yeah I gotta do it all right we'll see
you guys tomorrow
one word ninja turtle maybe I do one
more yeah okay last one
go dance here you go yeah I what was you
whoa do a nice 180 okay go get him off
the landing area
okay we're out of here we love you guys
see you tomorrow bye you know
