happy Tuesday to you welcome to the
Shaytards vlogs today's video is kind of
crazy we have a bunch of footage from
Saturday at the race and then on Sunday
when the World Cup was happening and
then yesterday Monday when collette was
flying to Los Angeles and leaving me
here with four kids I don't mind no I'm
just kidding chill and be gone for four
days and she has the baby and he's the
worst one of all so I can hang out and
wrassle with the other four so it's just
kind of a bunch of jumbled clips also
you guys audible.com you know is one of
the Shaytards sponsors one of my
favorite sponsors I love audible.com
I love listening to audiobooks if you
guys didn't know you guys can get
yourself a free audio download if you go
to audible.com slash Shaytards and sign
up for a free 30 day free trial
membership you get a free book
audible.com has over a hundred and fifty
thousand titles I am a true believer
that books have helped me get to where
I'm at today if you're gonna ask me my
top three favorite books that I've read
and reread multiple times I'm gonna give
them to you right now
Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill how
to win friends and influence people by
Dale Carnegie and the seven Habits of
Highly Effective People by Stephen Covey
those three books plus anything ever
written by Dave Ramsey are the things
that I would suggest to you if you want
to get somewhere in life you want to be
somebody listen to those three books and
then also anything by Dave Ramsey
anything he's ever written people ask me
what books to read up Dave Ramsey's just
get them all so if you check out the
link below audible.com slash Shaytards
you sign up for a free 30-day trial
membership you get a free audio download
it works on iPhone iPad Android Kindle
Fire you can use it anywhere I have a
membership I love it ok what the vlog
begins right ok baby why are you ready
to go haha yeah ready to go see your
daddy cuz he is running not he's running
nope I'm sure he will eventually his
lifetime though cuz he's that ambitious
no he was writing hotter mouth on his
bike yeah I'm so happy about that
are you gonna ride 100 no that's mommy's
phone duty date he was like I was like
hi and I music and he had about the same
amount of teeth huh yep well you're
excited I just heard the guys have gone
60 miles and it's getting really hot
there they're struggling but they're
doing a great job they are pushing
through and I love that they're all in a
team they're all together are you guys
ready to go cheer on our daddies yes yay
yeah yeah and Logan and Ron all right
you guys we are at the end the finish
line of the bike race I have no idea
when they're gonna be here but I'm
guessing it'll be in at least another 45
minutes or so
mommy chard are not mommy track I'm
mommy card grandma card checks it and
let us know that the boys are at like
mile 80 but a couple of them are having
a really hard time so I'm hoping I'm
hoping they can all finish together I
hope they have a lot of water and that
it's not too excruciating because it is
hot out here
oh and Shay's like you're gonna do this
next year with me right and I'm like
uh-huh so maybe we'll see
oh and huge ladies came to say hi hi
these girls are friends because you
watch our videos right that is crazy
okay so I have a friend Kai he was your
tenth subscriber and no way he's been 10
feet away from Shay at least like about
five times and you've never been able to
meet you guys he's in Hawaii so he
wasn't able to meet guys oh man hi Kai
you're on the blog hi Kyle someday
someday we'll meet you but thank you for
subscribing that is awesome what a cool
story thank you for letting us know
okay brings him to the handshake do you
know what you remember it shh-shh
um you got a whisper remember she talked
okay we're here and we're making some
posters so what is that hm
who's this that's daddy
that's daddy and these are all his his
arms yeah those are his arms he had
really long arm yeah there's an up and
forget visa we should go on the bike
lane you're so cute
high fives that's daddy on his bike race
yeah you're so good I love that picture
alright guys we're here with Kylie Jen
and Breanna yeah and you guys remember
Jen from last year she walked all the
way here last year good thing she got a
ride too safe right cuz it is through
hot we look great and you got a piston
I'm a serger oh yeah she got so shocked
Sean turn this way and show up like your
side look that word and of course will
try to ask you right now Mike you just
have to wake up wake setting up the shot
gonna get the golden shot we've got Sam
from Sam okay he's helping us today so
crazy
oh look at that here they come
Oh
they watch out a little bit
yes he did a hundred miles and they
crowd okay so I promised you'd show me
your boobs if I did one hundred mile
bike race let's see oh I did not promise
that promise will a new word Oh get you
I'm gonna get this little boy uh I'm
gonna get him
how scary to Ella Clarett no my red face
long yellow rolling you and I watch like
this I love I love I love I don't like
la la this well too much I know him
oh I'm tired
I'm a member you guys we did it tell you
what I exhausted right now but we did it
we set a goal we worked kind of towards
it we did it a hundred and six miles
Lagoo placement goofus of Apophis has
your life then your red eyes red from
swimming in the chlorine you move FISMA
goofus I was just making that baby laugh
harder than you could ever even dream of
making him laugh well challenge
doog of us she can beat me kay let's see
what you can do you can laugh yeah
that's not when you can't annoy
everybody else while you make the baby
laugh that's one you annoy everybody the
baby laughs it's not worth it I came
from really crazy BAM
he was laughing did you see that he was
no competitions getting a little crazy
you know what I'm about to pull out
double daddy duty okay now it's your
turn I see I get her laughs every time
were you laughing at me
looking at you like that's all that was
loud baby it was a hearty laugh she has
well there it is the end to a gorgeous
day man it's pretty crazy to see the
sunset because I watched it rise and
then I saw him all day long which was
not good because I did not put on any
sunscreen hashtag red elbow Club for
life you have a good day dude alright
thanks for supporting me you know what
that's what gets me through every one of
these races you think about all like
I've done a lot of bike races and the
Tough Mudder and my marathons seeing you
guys all at the end with all your signs
that's like the best part of the whole
race serious makes me happy so thank you
alright we're filling up gas and then
we're gonna drive on out of here
cash Valley man I rode around this
entire valley today if you know this
area imagine riding from Logan Utah to
Malad through like tree mont√≥n where do
we go without Weston through the Weston
Canyon it was crazy man a hundred and
six miles and it's cool to be here this
valley after I was raised in it
Colonel Eugene Haynes Butler lived here
for a portion of time I lived here for
four or five years and my family met
here so it's good to be back see you
next year Gran Fondo
I want to do it every year and I told
Gavin that he will be doing the 50-miler
next year deal and Clutton titus a
beautiful bride said she will also do
the 50-miler so you and mom can do the
50-miler together okay
I'll do the hundred and then the fifty
with you guys so I'll just do 150 miles
cool do you like to do it I'm starting
training tomorrow morning
day
yeah
all right here it is extra time we're at
minute 104 Germany stand Argentine Sun
tardes where is brand new soccer shoes
he's been out dribbling things around
the house I did tell him to quit
dribbling his sister's around the house
he's passing his sisters in between his
feet was new Nikes on alright are you
ready for intense just kids it's
exciting I hope it goes to a penalty
kick off I like that that's fun oh boy
crying because why are you rooting for
Argentina cuz your uncle's rootin for
him yeah is that who you wanted to win I
don't know I think I just drink the team
in them can i really like really you
like him yeah Gavin loves soccer
sorry Argentina Germany won but our
lives will go on a lot of people in
Argentina saddle wind we're sorry okay
we're in a flurry this morning because
we're getting ready for church but we
got the American you're just excited for
me
okay this came while we were gone in
Utah a grand Sandow and I told the kids
we would open it this morning after we
got ready for church so now we're all
ready you look cute
you look cute you look here okay let's
open it oh no it's lots of these things
again everywhere we had to do it we had
to do it huh oh your cutest little bitty
baby no oh
like home I wonder what this is for okay
what's what's that
wait wait wait don't don't make a mess
of them this one is for mentality of it
being outfit I really went crazy for my
birthday
let's just say he's not here I am or out
that one is my goal it's this so silly
I stirred I think I'm an eight-year-old
at heart always I love I'll see
Oh Hugh your bidi baby carrier shoot
she's so magical hey you don't get an
American Girl doll so chill out bro
buh-bye those are so pretty and I know
price I don't know yeah yeah carry the
instructions though because if you do it
wrong it will be not safe for your baby
this one's for mommy's birthday okay
heavier than I thought there she is
there she is red hair and green eyes oh
okay let's see do you want American Girl
dolls what about your Legos I think you
like the labels more than the American
Girl dolls
I'm less surprised my cozy little Goo
Dolls okay I'm glad you do look how
pretty she is she has red hair and green
eyes thanks for my birthday present guys
just laugh at your money I know but you
helped me pick it out what are you doing
oh that's gonna be probably oh hey guys
look the kids are out in the front yard
let's see if we can find them can you
see him assume there's the kids hey kids
come on for dinner I'm gonna whoop your
buds with the raw hard stick get in here
to steak and potatoes ready if you want
someone that fresh buttered corn you
better hustle up oh dang dude
we just got out of a rainstorm and we
are about 400 yards away from the house
No and they just started pouring
we got soaking wet how exciting huh look
at Zeke oh great just soaking wet
yeah just stretch out there bro Z you're
getting so much are you making dust
angels he's making dust angels guys Lord
oh you're the sweetest dog
you guys okay I'll go inside and film
you from the dead
oh wow put the scriptures in good go to
the ground
that's Holy Writ young lady but the
Shaytards they gonna go set it over
there meat stuck my old man you see it
tooling up there it's red I don't see it
ouchy mama I got hay fever bad out her
to know I guess I can see Rock a seed
ago on a motorcycle train wear
sunglasses bro you have mine all right
Haley and I are on our way to Los
Angeles
I'm a little nervous this guy doesn't
seem to be bothered at all
these guys looked at each other and it
was like wait I know you you're up in
heaven together for a minute huh hey was
that your cousin tired cousin these
little guys is a really good job on the
first flight how did you do good it was
really cramped and I was really nervous
about like meeting the babies yeah
because we could have hood by each other
that's a bummer I hate that bike that is
the worst bike because it's a small
plane and it moves around a lot so every
time I my mind starts to go to these
places where it shouldn't go and I'm
like what am I thinking
KC got yourself a bunch of hoodlums out
there what'd you do you're gonna get
this and Ellie if you don't suitable how
many pounds of flour you packing on that
covered wagon Oh Gavin shot deer 75
pounds of meat you guys are gonna get
wet I hope that I'll get struck by
lightning I don't know what do you guys
think I'm sure there's some opinions
yeah dude it's written big-time out
there you want to go out there still
hurt yeah not fret you guys we did get
that seed out of Casey's eye and he can
see which is good because he has a small
wiener and so he's gonna need that
vision I can't what that it why not who
cares hey thanks for watching today's
vlog Shaytards we appreciate it
Colette did fly to Los Angeles yesterday
to shoot some things for the moms view
so me and Casey have all the kids and
we've basically just been running them
around up at the property and enjoying
ourselves we are still doing the book
club so if you remember last time we
talked about audible.com we decided to
review the Fault in Our Stars the hit
book by John Green that's
adapted into a movie and was a number
one box office seller I still want to
review that book we just need to build a
podcast studio here in Idaho we will be
doing some flying back to shoot podcasts
in California but my dream is to have a
studio out here in Idaho where we can
shoot the podcast and actually Blake is
working on that so it's in the works and
it will happen sooner than later trust
me so the book club still stands we will
still review The Fault in Our Stars by
John Green if you did download that book
last time on the audible.com slash
Shaytards deal so don't worry that's
coming and we will review more books we
just have to build a podcast studio
first all right love you guys Collette
will be gone for just a few days she's
shooting mom's new stuff click on
yesterday's vlog we have a brand new
helicopter Plus trampoline equals
awesome video that we made yesterday
with the kids and the quadcopter that we
bought
Blake put a quick edit together it's
really fun so click on that feeling
lucky button if you want to see that if
you want to see what the change hearts
are doing 1 2 3 4 & 5 years ago on this
very day click on those corresponding
numbers love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
