hi getting new me right out to friends
house sure thing get on okay little fist
Magoo ffice you are so cute just today
you know yes I love you what are you
getting excited yeah where we going
we're going to Logan Utah to see your
bike ride what how far is the bike ride
gonna be hey taking lupus up to the new
house - Casey's house oh dang Shakalaka
he was will you help me go up to
pee-wee's house why is Gavin talking
like that what's he saying no you didn't
get my joke because Gavin is a wittle
boy you'll tell him to come on let's go
we're headed up the train leaves in
three seconds hey let's take the
motorcycle let's take the motorcycle
okay come on no use in wasting gas the
truck when there's a perfectly good
motorcycle lying around are we gonna
make out yes oh no jack oh all right we
got to hurry cause we're headed to Logan
but first a motorcycle ride with the
sword headed up to Casey's house miles
an hour
you know my god not really get buzzers
crazy oh did you fart
oh my head you can hardly breathe and
just finish the floor my office
Colette Oh seriously it's that bad
you start getting dizzy it's so bad that
just doesn't seem safe that's going to
be in my office I feel like I just got
cancer I think I literally just got
cancerous probably not hey the may the
biggest drama in yesterday's vlog was
why does baby tar have to share a room
with rock charms
well she doesn't and I bet Rock target
to pick out that blue color who's who
picked out that blue color let's go ask
let's go ask the culprit herself Amy
picked it out yeah but that's a good
question why is any a broad sharing room
well because they both want to be
upstairs I told her that she could stay
downstairs and have her own room cuz the
older ones are downstairs she doesn't
want to be downstairs I'll be downstairs
she could have her own room downstairs
but she's scared upstairs and we can
share I can put the two boys together
for a while she was like no I want to
she wants she wants she wants rocked
hard to be her roommate
I think they'll switch though no because
I think it makes more sense if bro tard
and rock charter in the same room and
then baby tar gets her own room upstairs
by us that's what she's scared about
probably what will happen once bro tart
is sleeping a little bit better we'll
put the two boys together and then she
will have her own room if she wants to
she might be scared the way that that
but just if the wind is blowing your
hair no it is the lighting it's the
chemicals from the paint am I in a
Pantene pro-v commercial right now Wow
shimmer your hair with excellence we
were lovely
Kubota tractors there man tough home
home
heart one soul
yes
well Oh
this together
all right come on in what is this
dangerous operations are you sure yes
you see through that you get superpowers
did someone tell you what how do you
know he's been waiting every day
checking the post I say hi oh you know
what that Warren Fox means you got that
orange box means mighty brave dude do
you like them yes dude that is some
plenty of shoes oh my hectic Hindi I met
wear sunscreen around your shoes
I think there's 12 UV rays coming off of
those oh my Skinner's do you like them
well put them on and start kicking some
balls around start with these there's a
hair look I saw two big ones something
those are competitive stuff it's like
I'm talking about Zeke's balls okay
Blake regulations hi I'm reading a
comment great job that's nice did you
read it all I'm still reading it but I
feel pressure cuz you're feeling me
while I'm reading it all right so the
vlog just went up and destiny Hester I
don't know who this is I just saw this
comment seriously all stop slapping my
butt stop it yeah what's mac and cheese
anyways she left this really really good
comment I said Collette go read that
comment and then I said can I get an
amen to my sister over here hallelujah
thanks for the comment destiny it's
comments like yours to keep us doing
this seriously we don't love you now
let's go to Logan we gotta go to the
bike race do you have to get to the
pykrete let's go to the hundred-mile ah
and you guys were having some last
minute helicopter drama I will punch you
square in your nose um the gimbal is not
working Blake does want to talk about it
involves expensive tried I broke it leg
crash the helicopter we're gonna fix it
though we're on our way out Logan can
you ride a bicycle 100 miles I'm John
I'm stupid ass yeah
I hope hey you guys so let me take you
over here by the good lighting we signed
up there's this term I think it's like
eyes as big as your stomach or something
like that I don't know how that applies
to this but we signed up for a really
big bike race and we're gonna try to do
it learn try to get at it so what's
going on we were blocked by with you he
has a blog bone so we're gonna try our
best you know that's the biggest thing
try your best and you know if it takes
us an entire day that's alright educate
your just do the math it takes us eight
hours so be it we'll just do it and then
it'll be on our list of stuff we've done
we will peddle at all until he can't
pedal no 100 miles go did they fit ah
let's see
run around I like him dude those are
sweet you bought the shade how many
times I so serious butters oh we did
yeah hey you guys what's this company
they're in Salt Lake do we will go to
Salt Lake drones
hook this up we have a we do there in
Salt Lake right Logan yeah if you ice
well kick you I will karate chop your
head off somebody get this kid back in
geez you guys help us out does anybody
know anybody that worked for this
company we're coming to Logan we need
help supply our helicopter get to the
chopper Ron oh there Ron I need you to
get rocks mac and cheese kay that's your
first job you got Tuesday there you go
sweet up alright argyle socks with his
soccer shoes hey you can do it everyone
no they're not shaycarl argyle socks
get those off in this house right now
what do you just want you just come up
to me and slap me right in my face huh
huh yeah get him Zeke yeah and this is
my accomplice here yeah then why did you
say hey dad I hate you I hate your socks
I'm wearing some other stuff I can't
believe you dissed me like that bro
alright be nice me and Zeke wrestle the
hardcore yesterday he likes a good
wrestle we need to game up into the
mountains again all right we're leaving
the house everybody is loading up right
now as we speak it's pandemonium every
time the family leaves it's like a
whirlwind get to the core get your back
this up it really is like getting this
like small army what I mean once every
get in the car I run back in again yeah
yeah I knew it I knew that's what you do
because I'm sitting in there thinking
what is taking her so long
you're in here doing Zen yoga on the
carpet and I'm waiting with five kids in
the suburban I'm oddly charged on here
just like I think we'll make some cookie
really I need to relax for a second hey
baby you're a baby sometimes I do take
like okay just breathe
okay um I say a little prayer sometimes
because it's like there's so much
craziness and then also it's quiet it's
like ah peace and quiet moment all right
last thing I have to grab before we
leave where is it where's my bag of rice
who moved it you already took it
they're so smart I'm in here looking for
my bag of rice my babies already packed
it I got your bags no I took my phone in
yesterday's vlog Casey slows me down
with my phone in my pocket now it's dead
no no it's still dead in the bag of rice
we're bringing it with us to Logan
that's the last thing I had to get why
am I in here let's go hey Lucas I'm glad
that I have you here I have a question
uh who picked out the paint color in
your room do you like it do you want to
share a room with Brock I thought you
wanted to okay you don't how you until
that face no Brock what have you shared
a room with bro tard you wanna do that
but the problem is is you have to be
quiet at night because once mom gets
grow tired of sleep it's kind of like
the greatest moment of her entire life
so if you're in there waking him up then
that's gonna cause problems that's why
we thought maybe for a little while you
would sleep with this tard No
baby car does not want to share a room
great it's official I I what it's a
great match they both never clean up the
mess and they always make a mess cute so
purchased hard and Sun tartar happy
about this pairing because this one
messes up the room in their room and
that one messes up the room in the boys
room so Gavin and Ava are like yeah
we're on easy street now the two mess
makers are gonna have to happy have
their own room and I can keep my room
clean huh but listen if you want your
own room I think we can arrange that
you wanna get your own room rawr do you
have to share with bro tard K or you can
have your own room in the basement and
stop being a wussy pants you guys can
all have your own room you know that
brought you in your own room you don't
she's brought that's the problem Rock
does not want his own room do you want
your own room no ok then you have to
share a room with bro tard ok ok ok
guess what
hi-5 it's your room wait let's talk to
your mom I'm only the first judge in
this tribunal we have to ask mom next
see what she says what do you think dude
what what color do you want your room Oh
what Metallica posters every word dad
yeah the dragon moves on what I don't
know all right we're getting gas
entreats
alright so this is uh what I'm gonna be
looking at tomorrow basically a hundred
miles of this this is the actual road
that we will be riding our bike on
tomorrow that was your house right we
would like this yeah yeah
Jackson you don't have to ride the bike
100 miles but we are going into the bike
race on the route so I will be on doing
this Curtin beat the baby a puppy
marshmallow thingy thank you
heavens to Murgatroid so we'll be going
around this Bend tomorrow
I look once more just around the
Riverbend beyond the shores some of my
past the sea don't know I'm far don't
ask me where I know all I know I'm like
I'm like struggling with the words why
you sit on that tape when it was a
cassette tape and I had a walk with that
hold on time out for that how long has
that been there how long as I've been
there I don't know it looks cool and
whole anyways he had a Walkman with the
Disney tape it was the Pocahontas oh and
I was do it over and recruit I knew all
the words to all the songs so sing I'm
for it pretty amazing man I hope we're
coming down this hill this looks like
kind of a steep hill oh yeah okay so we
can do it it might take us all day long
but we can do it that is not gonna be
shabby to look at one we ride tomorrow
we're some cool stuff oh right yeah this
is well it's gonna be a lot slower look
pull over a notable over her dude I
would like to pull over and look at you
the one thing as a child it's like do we
really have to pull over and look at
this rock mark but now there are like so
you see a huge rock okay let me see all
look out the sunroof oh it's a drier
Mountain all right ladies and gentlemen
we're in downtown Logan Utah this is
where I was born right here there's a
dancer for I don't know why didn't
answer for Gran Fondo
we're here for the grand fondo we're not
gonna win it as we keep dresses this is
Logan Utah right here here's the
tabernacle look Colette used to work
right over here remember that my project
hey my wife thinks your jackets cute she
really likes it we're gonna call next
Thursday to borrow it okay should do
this BC shoes like thing I think that
jackets thank you look it dude got like
a roll like shopping thing going on down
here
hey can somebody make the baby happy are
you so pissed off that he is
trying to just ah I like your North Face
shirt he had a nice North Face Journal
and my parents met in the mall here they
met at a clothing store my dad worked at
my grandpa's clothing store called the
Union man I forgot all that happened
right here a lot happened in this little
town Logan Utah my mom and dad met and
started this family and then I made one
of my own look I made you I made you
guys you're my family that I made you
guys want to know why Logan is named
Logan well because my family my mom and
dad got married here
Logan's Heroes okay like at the hotel
before
are you guys ready for the grand fondo
oh hey hi yeah yeah I think I should
keep lick around blunder I know I
haven't seen a lot of Blake or Hawke
comments Blake you ready for this you
check it out the double surfer high five
bro washing down the surfer high-five if
you guys haven't checked it out so you
lost have some really cool edits you
guys should go check it out check them
out links below it split all right we're
here at the hotel I'm checking in Derek
can I blog you on youtube.com slash
Shaytards my guardian insurance you guys
for all your insurance needs call Derek
he's the one that'll make you call me
you need a good jingle ain't too much
work never jingle jingle what's your
jingle you do I think it's all that on
the camera yeah why not I want to sing
it dance foraging you pervert
alright well guys race packets are here
Casey come get your race packet look you
guys Ron rented a u-haul Oh
Ron's got a u-haul the only way he could
get to Sun Valley
there was no rental car so he rented a
u-haul how smart is that very smart all
right already get our hard usernames all
right I'm gonna see my shirt look you
guys my two tall friends are gonna hug
that's my to tell Fred just this guy he
looks like he could under Micra and make
him sweat I know he's in good shape
he's in a lot better shape than we are
are we ready for this Ronnie boy I'm
excited over here in Logan come on buddy
this is your idea hey this was your idea
Ron we're like yeah what's it oh no wait
we did this last year but then day huh
wait what what is Derrick I'm he had
some other ideas I can't all right we
got the jerseys on it sucks that I was
in better shape last year than I am now
yeah Derrick here come on hold who looks
better in there ray stirs you guys
seriously don't why be honest expect
what is G F stand for great Dan fondo
fondo
come on cases of air okay looks good I
think you're golden
okay guys there's a good true treasure
for Derek you're vlogging Derek's
vlogging doing the rock face dad
remember when you met my mom in this
town and married her and made a baby and
that baby with me I do I made two babies
here
Casey oh is Casey and Katie yeah dude I
was just telling my dad that Colonel
Eugene Haines Butler is smiling down on
us right now because his favorite place
in the entire world to eat is Chuck
aroma it's quite the deal huh no I'm not
so much food my grandpa loved here he
was like they're like best customer I
think he has his plaque on the wall this
grandpa's face in here on the wall
all right here we are in Logan Carbon up
for the big race tomorrow
you ready yeah I don't know if I'm ready
to see Casey I just talked to dad he
said that he had sex mom to have you
here nah that tell Casey who are you and
then tomorrow you'll see if we may oh
you know we made it you seen our
Twitter's and instagrams my phone is
still dead in a bag of rice somewhere in
a place in the closet drying so I didn't
get to get a lot of pictures but my mom
took a bunch of pictures Logan posted
some pictures on Instagram of the race
we did end up doing the I'm not nothing
tell you Danny and I just did quick
honey today's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button if the only - a dollar -
one two three four five years ago check
out does videos we'll see you guys
tomorrow
is there any other information Logan
that's it okay let me go
