all right the boys are back from the
awards ceremony back in town we're back
here in town in Pocatello
did you win an award we did what have
you win Ausmus for my dad I never meant
we wanted the best film at the Zack
Griffith film festival that what it was
yeah that Griffin there was my finals he
picked and then it was narrowed down to
two winners Zack said that I'm super
famous and that's why I won that's why
I'm amazing
he wants a lot of free promotion for his
film festival no the video that Casey
and Logan shot together of their goat
hunt a week won an award no really not
gonna put a link in the description it
was a great film festival and I was
honored to be there I really was I was
mad that I couldn't go but I have five
kids anyways it's Sunday Casey and Logan
just got back from Salt Lake how were
you guys last night by the way were you
exhausted I'll sleep yeah Logan let me
show you loganing a two pound Buffalo
over the house dude prove it
dude why I would go right we went to
this Mexican food restaurant this is
should I tell this honey this is I
shouldn't tell the blog I'll tell my
brothers I have we went to the never I'm
not gonna tell you're telling me okay
hey you guys just don't listen for a
second Soph right now we went to this
Mexican food restaurant we get home by
the time we get home I have to go the
bathroom the peppers in my fajitas came
out in the toilet go tell my nickname do
my metabolism was going so fast as that
was just like flying through my body I I
don't feel short all in my legs are I'm
a little Soria like I just felt drained
I know like I drank so much water last
night I was chugging water um one take
Sunday tonight you'll see the video we
did a hundred and six miles we talked
about it yesterday it were exhausted
plus I got my
polite letter American girl dog she's
excited about that where the kids at hi
kids
I'm gonna yell up those brats to get
down here for one take Sunday hey kids
get out here for one take Sunday and be
cute on the camera hurry up so we just
got back from church just we're
exhausted it was I'm he right there
there's a long day yesterday we are on
our bikes for seven hours and 15 minutes
Colette and the kids were there they
made us poster boards we shot a really
cool video there's one of the kids come
here be cute funny
good not a noxious where's your brother
Oh Jackson to not want to go to his
little sister's don't rip them limb from
limb just love the baby love the child
are we taking those rolls over to mom
and dad's yes we're having barbecue
chicken and rolls and corn on the cob so
excited we got rolls in the oven it's
one takes Sunday we're heading over to
my mom well well this is mom and dad's
house I say don't you guys are probably
wondering they left I think they're sick
of for Carly but they decided to stay
there's carvings in Fiji and we don't
know what she's doing there
this is behaving herself and my mom and
dad are staying at Carly's house
honestly because I think they got tired
of the mayhem and the rambunctious nests
that it's going down in the butler
household what what slapping my butt
Lucas what I'm gonna tickle you those
rolls smell good honey call you guys
just everybody take it with all they're
gonna oh my grandma would yell at me oh
no no fault
it will change is the heat imagine that
freshly cooked rolls Oh smells so good
so Gavin sad because Argentina just lost
the World Cup I still got this sure you
still have a skateboard so I guess
that's a good way to look at life even
though Argentina lost you still have a
tech deck so good job Germany any of our
German viewers your country
- you guys for winning the big football
tournament is it football or soccer I
don't know do you know the World Cup is
yeah you don't what are you some sort of
six year old American Girl doll
what's the World Cup
it's a tournament hey you know who might
play in the World Cup one day haters
like no yeah
who do you know that's really good at
soccer yeah hey oh yeah know who's
really good at soccer that princess
start knows really well me sing the song
right says I says I was amazing the
soccer hey imma get you Logan
Casey's on the phone where's ball game
Logan was mad cuz he was written for
Argentina as well let's go ask him let's
go see what he thinks right now hey guys
let's go Terra manages upstairs right
now we're all gonna get ready and go
over Logan
we're busy Logan isn't here are you
naked
are you mad Argentina lost he's mad
no I'm not
Oh coming in Logans going party I'm
gonna get in trouble for that honey I
just fell Logan on the party are
you gonna have to edit that now nope one
take sorry no one takes guys team take I
go like this no you can't take it out
can't take it I can edit that part out
can edit any of this outs one take
who's that mom oh she beat up over there
travel hey mom and Kaylee are leaving
tomorrow we're so sad that we're not
going to have all of our kids like three
boys oh yeah yeah did you just get a
baby to get out how to cure a baby who's
watching the kids oh wait long possible
Kasey's never I'm sure no thanks are
they no thing are they licensed bonded
and insured I don't think we have come
on is your background
you better get a babysitter honey
upstairs me in case you have plans you
better you better plan on taking six
providers with you believe me I do you
want that to happen okay look at that
you don't wanna leave are you taking any
of the kids with me making a baby here
mommy tart and Kaylee are going to Los
Angeles I'm not taking this we have to
walk me in case you have to watch all
the kids take Zeke on the plane with you
tell me the scene I dogs yeah my
seeing-eye dog
look all right love you guys I will have
an over 30 minute video tomorrow a long
one with lots of footage it might be
almost 35 minutes actually love you guys
will take Sunday see tomorrow good job
Germany congratulations
