all right who's this is that lupus Magoo
ffice are you kissing your brother oh
you don't like it he is lupus Magoo
first out here we got Braley Kaylee quit
making a baby cry honey come be on my
blog hey kids what's going on I'll be
right back all right hey Molly
how's it goin girlfriend guys say hi to
Molly huh I'm gonna talk to Casey he's
naked you don't want to come all right
come on
say hi to Molly are you coming right for
stay here okay
hey so we just finished hi Molly
this videos for you it's gonna be one
take Molly don't be mad well he's
talking screaming look remember walk say
hi I love you Molly oh that's cute
that's a huh we just did a hundred and
six miles all right let's see the tan
lines so we got a little going on here
show Ron's arm that's a farmer Dan
that'll last a while
well yours isn't as baggage you're too
tan that's what 7:00 on hours on a
bicycle will do did you cramp up okay
this walks from all you guys say hi to
Molly I'm Molly we just did a hundred
and six miles the Gran Fondo wide it's
not a hundred miles it's a hundred and
six Ron sizes tattoo I do oh no leave it
dude it's cool Logan is still naked
looking buff looking right and we just
got back to the hotel it was a killer
race we
out of blast you wait till you see the
video I got thrown up on my bike broke
but I still made it through the entire
race you'll have to go watch the video
to find out why did it really yeah the
jig came up I can't get it out are you
serious no my my bike broke at Mile
ninety but so bad though I couldn't I
couldn't pinch the chain and I was
trying to do this with them get it out
yeah watch cross-chaining action anyways
cross-training
crotch training you know we need is more
crotch training so we need more of all
right race is done
uncle rocker just hit me in the head you
guys probably burn more than me but for
my size and weight I've earned exactly
four thousand and twenty calories I
wanted to know that I don't know if my
body had that many to know I mean if I
don't need anything all you will feel so
skinny tomorrow okay one solid pound of
fat is like that big that's 3,700
calories and we burned burned one of
those more than those yeah alright so
the race is over
right we're exhausted everybody's
showering come on rock hard I'm not
gonna have time to get up a vlog Molly
we love you I thought about you Molly at
Mile like 80 it's okay leave it you can
leave it there leave it there and I was
like dying I was so tired I thought I
gotta do it for Molly so we did it for
you Molly
alright you guys you leaving you in Salt
Lake I mean go get a razor Casey has to
go win an award in Salt Lake for a
hunting video he made dedication just
rode his bike and then the mommies are
here hey say hi to Molly this videos for
Molly wondering six no we all did it was
106 miles I don't listen I I'm gonna
keep those six miles I'm gonna be
prideful about it it was a hundred and
six all right
everybody say goodbye we'll see you
tomorrow long vlog tomorrow we're
exhausted we're gonna go eat and I'm
gonna sleep like a log tonight man I do
not put any sunscreen on honey I'm gonna
get it bad I'm gonna show my my former
stand
check it
see can see it yeah what do we yes okay
I got to upload this we're gonna upload
this video then a GUI okay no we're
gonna forward nicer
we had it Chuck aroma last night say bye
Molly not the chakram is not nice but
I've been burping it up for the last 106
miles all right love you guys see you
tomorrow bye Molly love you
