hi I'm log in here alright you guys
ready to go play at the gym
get a little bit alone cool stuff
everybody into toys until like turkey
now it's time guys I finally have
decided I am sick and tired of being
sick and tired so I'm going to the gym
yesterday I went for a little run it was
super hot but it felt good I was proud
to actually get out and now my legs are
so sore and like I only ran for like 20
minutes
my legs are too sore but I'm going to
the gym I'm gonna try a new class that
I've never tried before I guess it's
called like combat or something like
that we'll see after seeing yesterday's
clip of us just driving in the truck
I've decided to start a series called
man in the truck with a dog in the
mountains hashtag and it's just like
every day there will be a 30-second clip
of a man driving in the mountains with a
dog in his truck right I agree let's do
it
I'm back two hours and thousand calories
later that's hopeful I wish I hope I
burned a thousand galleries but probably
not whatever it was really fun I really
enjoyed the class it was a black of body
combat class similar to turbo kick which
was what I used to teach um but but a
little bit I think I think I liked it
better I think I did sleep hot car yeah
that's what it feels like smells like
hot car I'm not sure that's a good smell
but I'm excited I'm glad that I finally
worked out che and Gavin have inspired
me I feel motivated to get back in shape
and just feel good it's not really even
about how you look it's about how you
feel I have more energy when I exercise
and when I eat better it's just it's
just the truth even though I'm like I
really want chocolate I can always tell
a difference in the way my body feels
when I don't eat it so I'm gonna try
really hard not to hahaha but I got a
good workout I'm happy did you guys have
fun oh we went to Blue Lake
you're the only ones it's near the only
ones and the daycares child oh so you
have the whole place to yourself
you could rat run rampant in these two
other kids dude you have like towels and
then you you alright we're doing more
Legos we always always have Legos
whenever rock transformers are he's done
where did you okay putting it together
so this code on all my fingers and then
I use this one to put it in this sparkly
one to put in your bangs darlin I know I
wanted for your perfect bear I need to
remember if I tremenda Niall don't
they'll grow out more than all it will
be like this but I have to grow them out
so it won't be in my face you're growing
them out yeah we're in do nails tonight
tomorrow we're headed to the Logan where
the bike race is gonna be it's gonna be
hot yeah a hundred miles a good thing
we're not doing that but we're gonna
show a lot of support so we need to pack
tonight support so we're gonna be
packing tonight are we hiding me do it
you're coming too don't worry we're not
gonna leave you like okay what's the
next part you got the head but my
headlights on now we need to find this
little red piece where's a little red
pieces it's right here oh look at you
see you don't even need my help he in
your hands cuz stuff he seriously will
do sit here in another direction here
and put it together by himself he's
getting really good I'm impressed
yeah or I did we get us all down hold on
you just you making today see you Terry
since the dome there dude look he's
sitting down
hey hey need to sit on up hahaha
vine did you figure it out over there
you're so helpful
oh no I forgot the quesadillas go check
out the concave one thing about me guys
I can't leave the kitchen I'll forget
about everything don't leave the kitchen
oh I think it'll be fine get a spatula
ass Petula yo get a spittoon
that's Petula flip it
Omo it's not right
it's not okay baby's not even hot enough
at least we didn't burn it that's what I
usually do all right I did it you guys I
did the unthinkable
something we went there do with the
posse like this when I just challenged
these brothers to a trampoline trick off
you can't go with funny fact there's
gonna be skill that I could look at this
food some food you mean it's it
why can't you add humor to your trick
you can all right Casey levere vs.
shaycarl versus local hey 55 in the 2014
first annual brother trip trampoline ah
let's go dude trick off his begun what
are you doing over there we are you are
- what do you why make a water balloons
why hello Logan where you going Casey's
putting a water balloon in his trick is
that cheating all right
an addition has come to the first annual
2014 brother and son trick off remember
this is what this summer is about best
summer ever we're about to exercise not
we're having a trampoline trick off you
ready all right Casey first trick what
do you got what this skate wrong with
throw sunflower seeds at Logan do a
split double split triple Oh was that a
quadruple double splits toe grab thumb
throw oh it's a competitor he's showing
off all right where's this trick here it
is nice flipper Oney pepperoni flipper
Oney pepperoni okay so how we gonna
judge this oh you're home okay wait you
just did your trick watch out
Oh No is he gonna do it are you going to
bring this out this early in the
competition you're bringing out this
early in the competition case you live
here this is this is usually saved for a
last trick of the competition trick
ladies and gentlemen because this trick
that he's about to perform is a
neighborhood favorite are you guys ready
for this oh snap I really worked for him
here we go
aerial off the Tramp into the grass into
the Michael Jackson and Stan you guys
judge it dang son you pulled it out on
you okay you're next
what do you got get on there you got to
try to match it and and then also part
of the trick is you have to dance around
looking like a jack a for the first 20
minutes
throw your shoes oh dude I can't believe
you all snap oh snap the shirt comes off
no shirt no shirt no shoes no service
ladies and gentlemen all right let's see
this trick what's it gonna be I think
it's gonna be a front flip landing on
the feet nailed it oh you get three
tries to land it first try down you get
two more tries to stick that trick son
here we go I should be a trampoline
tricky no sure champ yeah here we go
second try with the shirt off land it oh
oh
bouncing to the outside no pressure my
friend this is your last chance
you better get serious or get busy
living or get busy dying stealing
clothes from Shawshank Redemption
dude tuck it hard just tuck that thing
and stick it last chance hit it oh okay
after land a front flip dude give it up
man nailed it all right gauger razor
flip that was the fastest flip I have
ever seen
nobody has rotated with that velocity
since Bruce Lee in 1973
we do not do a front flip off the
trampoline your forehead would be
implanted into those Springs just land
it try to yeah I just try to land it up
in here and slip don't mind
800 hey you ready to do a trick I ain't
eatin that Gavin look dude temptation
noted cookie chocolate chip right here
twelve o'clock three year old little boy
wait you're four nope temptation denied
denied get out of here I love you you
can have it you into a trick okay here
we go
saddle my foot Oh Oh why put on the
grass - grass it's summer that's what
you do when your hands are dirty wipe
them on the grass okay come on you get
up her you got three seconds one to
stand on the foot climb up here we go
get up there okay Rock trick let's see
rocks it's his turn
well that was a sweet treat Gager you
haven't no don't know what nobody's
landed your trick yet I'm next though
all right
broccolis is ready to do his attempt at
a front flip landed okay jump hard and
tuck it okay go
oh that was awesome give me five go do
it again one more try oh no oh no
somebody has a hose oh okay it's all
right
no spraying he's attempting his front
flip dude you're interrupting his
process it's okay all right go let's see
it Casey's chucking rocks to this kid
with the underwear on his head gage I
think those underwear around the deck
last night did you just find them down
here Collette threw them on the ground
you should go yell at her Sant click put
throw my underwear on the ground land
this thing 160 oh sweet
can you do a front-flip lets it land it
go
Oh Mose dude that's awesome
there's my trick this is my trick with
the camera you have to keep your face in
frame smiling as you land a backflip
over rotations I over jets that's the
hard part looking into lens smiling real
backflip Oh nailed it all right Logan
was about to pull out all the twisty
turny backflip e's called it's a
patented trick called the under cork 720
ready patent pending
ah Oh didn't land it get up there close
that you're pro ah nice
so no you guys were in trouble now the
shirts have come off what's he gonna do
it's gonna spin it oh yeah hundred nine
hundred times we can roll has he taken a
picture of that body and post it on
Instagram right older brother right
older chubby brother right other older
bearded chubby how we we've been people
think we're twins everywhere we've gone
together in public for the last two
months people like oh you guys are twins
which wins twins errs you're the ugly
twin headaches game uh-oh our new
helicopter parts all right show me
what's going on out here
do we officially have the sprinkler
underneath the trampoline yes you do
nice sprinkler under the trampoline
Casey get out there in your underwear
right now do it what's going on over
here son charts out you're building a
slip and slide
oh he slides into third base safe - that
was awesome
hey I just wanted to check in are you
having the best summer ever yes I have a
question I have another question now may
I please ride your slip and slide here
Casey you have to ride you have to work
the camera gotta get this thing nice and
wet here goes Shay
yep yep oh that's definitely not going
to work that hair will definitely slow
you down we have to wet it down let's
wet it down we got to have that shirt
down by the water just follow change
you're getting my sweater wet thank with
the pullover
it's a cardigan warming is fun sad a
slip and slide went with you I love
running in the water
and he's on the tramp bodies once the
sprinkler goes under the tramp that
means summer has officially began hey
genius my phone was in my pocket that
holds are you serious
they're ruined get the bag of rice good
Cologne pan too pissed off my oh where
the hands in the hip zone what time give
me a bag of rice stat I don't think it's
too wet just part of summer man you
never know what's gonna happen
water fight break out sprinkler under
the trampoline turn on you never know
several hours later how long you guys
gonna jump on the trampoline the
reservoir is only so full they're really
having a blast out here they've been
jumping out here playing games for a
long time uh-oh that's a good shot only
is your driver yeah it's not about the
club soon as one person it's a good dude
he's got it let me use his driver I want
to be as good as you want to miss with
that right it's like a racquetball
racquet do you play racquetball with
that all right Gavin you're up dude keep
your eye on the ball what we shot the
green all right we are currently hiding
behind the tree Logan's about to hit
well he's warming up down there zoom in
dude don't stick your head out dude you
might lose it Loki bears known to rip
some real rippers through here Kwasi
okay tell me what just happened yes
sister
well you guys said I won't hear from our
like there is yep all of us were just
sitting there as a moment of silence
Rhonda to go to the bank and so we like
we can't wait for them then all sudden
all of us like weird Ronco do we have
from run and then Gavin goes here he is
they see me rollin they hatin patrolling
and try to get a run and I got in your
Mountain Dew pop feather
all right ready golf we're on the second
hole let's do this gathered with you why
do you get yelling for it for you want
to build a fort you guys how I guess the
line in my head I want to call the fort
on my fork to the fort Blake just hit a
ball into the other other Blake just had
a ball into the other
what is it freaking called fairway and
Logan goes for and I was like why do you
keep saying for it do you want to build
a fort anyways alright I'm about to rip
it straight down the middle this bad boy
next up on the tee Gavin Butler he's
gonna practice fun remember what
happened last time we're here golfing
remember I remember I like threw you out
of the golf cart cut to that cliff or I
did whack that ball I was a warm-up
right that was warm up warm up warm up
got to get a little breeze over here
thanks there it is there it is that's 58
yards bad not bad alright gauge your up
dog out here on the golf course this is
what the book is about this is what me
and Gavin are gonna do this summer
all kinds of just awesome stuff hanging
out with the family having a good time
get being out in the Sun exercise and
that's what it's all about this summer
right let's go Doug kidding to the balls
hey excuse me
assess your license and registration
don't haven't sorry thanks sir
alright here you're right up here look
there's your bar there this is Gavin
second time golfing ever huh dude
whirring it's so good when its sponsored
yeah
Park it I just want to like stop and
pause and look at the pretty colors
right here
those blue shorts alright ready I'm in a
bad situation here in the sand man oh
man I lucked out here the Green is right
through these trees I came over one
fairway but straight on right there
money alright come on both of us were
shootin okay I think we need it's a
strong 7-iron grab your seven young man
let's get to working great news you guys
I'm only ten yards from the green on my
second shot oh but wait the giant
redwood stands in our way dude that's
like lined up right with the flag which
way do we go dude and you laughter the
right what do you suggest
hey you could go left alright dude see
how you do strike hey if you hit that
tree that hard with that ball swinging
that hard oh jeez
nice shot kay go oh okay I'm gonna try
to miss that tree now I just barely
barely barely missing Oh
dang it Oh
do it again
he's doing the happy gilmore nice nice
great shot that was your best drive yet
oh that's a little hard case was a
little hard hey this is fun KC we grew
up right here tell him the story KC here
love quechua arts let me tell the story
case only has a sled hill right in the
winter time our sled that was our sled
hill right there did you build Forks
right well these house oh oh ho nice
shot school for it this is where we grew
up right here me and KC we lived at the
top of that street we've come down this
hill and we had sled all the time all
right here
let's see Logan can sink this 180 foot
putt let's go look that goes in I'll
give you a hundred bucks that was a good
putt that was a dang good putt it's up
that's a nice chip case oh it's rolling
it could have the legs oh you're on look
you're on can hole get the hole get the
hole oh hey shootin Tex Ron this is
right where I grew up right when I turn
the camera on up you got this team geez
Casey all right this is it the eighth
hole at the Highland Golf Course as in
our sledding hill Casey doesn't it seem
a lot less steep yeah doesn't it seem
like when we were kids this was like the
steepest hill oh wow
Logan didn't love that shot nine taking
Morgan yeah we would sled down this hill
right here here to go up that's a shot
now went farther than Logan's look at
that moon I love when the Sun still up
and you see the moon that fall so
gorgeous I wish you guys were here it's
not doing it justice in the camera
trust us guys it's flippin awesome watch
your language dude just cuz we're
golfing does mean you can swear all the
time
all right here we are we started another
nine holes so this is hole number ten
for us what do you think I want from
your mother you're right your mother I
know we're gonna try get her to stop
swearing so much bitch Logan say this is
the money hole this is the Monty Hall
I'm gonna take a shot Oh Gavin shooting
it I shot my shot Wow we shot my phone
which my phone wasn't a bag of rice
right now trying to repair itself
against an incest bro I got some good
answers loaded up let's check out all
these infidels
what are you chopping on there Chuy give
me about healthy choices where's my
mandibles gone we're lunching on apples
and drinking wiring Gatorade oh look how
gorgeous this is the Sun get it off
Casey's gonna make it
okay seem to drop this putt get in there
then give us the chichi Casey Rodriguez
Oh fly it there it is seven God all
right
look at these skies right now Sun is
setting the moon is out here kids plan
it's summertime officially what a day
what a day trampling trick off with your
brothers going down a slip and slide and
then finish it off with 18 holes of golf
with your brothers and your sons your
nephews thanks for watching we
appreciate it if life's worth living
then its words recordin that's a great
end slate with a great quote on it click
on yesterday's vlog to see what we're
doing yesterday if you're feeling lucky
we have a brand new video for you on the
shayloss channel it's awesome
princes tard does the sweet backflip the
sunsets are gorgeous check it out click
on that feeling lucky button and if you
want to see what we're doing exactly on
this day one two three look on the right
side four five years ago today click on
those corresponding numbers subscribe
follow us on Instagram Twitter Facebook
and Google+ love you guys see you
tomorrow
