hi I'm logging here hey baby boy hey
baby boy hey turn around look at your
daddy come look at me
hey little mr. adorable come here hey
Dad
are you miss are you mr. adorable yes
what's up can I go in case you forgot
his gilthead you want to go do something
gruesome like that yes you wanna pick up
a goat head yes no scary that sounds uh
alright here you go take the camera with
you though okay okay go vlog it okay
so gonna go pick up kids go ahead and
it's gonna be exciting you look like
he's dead you die dog wake up dead dog
pickle sheet is in the freezer we've
Aten a lot of it actually there's a
little bit left but what we do is like
we literally use all the animal we ate
all the meat and we even keep the fur
and he's gonna do a taxidermy amount of
it so we can see it and like so we can
like look out how pretty it is and stuff
but that's what we're doing we're here
to picks up pick up its taxidermy came
out and this guy named Rudolph he does
taxidermy and we're gonna go in a shop
and check it out
Casey's super excited because the
full-body mount it's not like the
shoulders or anything even a full body
like on a pen so go check it out let's
go what he said big as repeal Logan said
so we're here at this guy's place and
Casey shot a goat last year and he took
it here and now he's gonna get it back
dang look at all this
it's pretty cool RT doing it there she
is
my goat from last year Rocky Mountains
Oh
pretty awesome right well you ready to
go home how many people can we fit in
the office what are you doing what did
you just buy nothing
why is your debit card in your
applesauce you what is used by Oh money
right that's the question thank you my
friend
how many wine with a few accessories
show us what you got okay so this is
what call it one for her birthday I
didn't get it because she Oh careful she
wanted to go find the one that she
wanted yeah I'm sure look that's how
mommy is I know she's happy she's so
like excited level you're really excited
whoa what's it go I'll open a sucker for
dog doesn't matter how old I am
hey you ready go - go buddy ABF are you
ready go here someone today what I don't
want to go where would she going we're
go buh bah thank you you don't want to
go where are you going
okay then I'm gonna take rock hard you
want to go boating
oh no it's either you or him wait well
then go let's go you got to get ready go
buddy
oh you can't ski yes all right yes his
red hair and green eyes she's swimming
fair baby yeah yeah what accessory she
you know love her
I got Josefina's dress for her and
got pajamas for her honey there's no
more there's no play with your dolls
after midnight okay
you need to be in bed you have a car you
all right mommy's in here buying babies
how weird is that you have babies
Colette
do you see all these babies that you
made I feel like you're like a mad baby
scientist like why do you want more
little things that look like this you
have them already I guess you're just a
natural born mama
oh no applesauce seriously nobody what
is baby because I'm online shopping
buying other babies she's buying other
babies while she doesn't watch this baby
and you're okay with that huh applesauce
face yeah daddy some sugar oh it's fun
oh cool she's cute I can't wait till she
shows up I actually helped picked out
the girl they were getting ha Casanova
thank you oh no he can brush like they
were passed out in there dead all right
uh hey dude we have to figure out who's
gone buddy let's go buddy
no I don't think there's enough room for
you you can fit him in the back mrs.
FEMA this is gonna get weird
all right we go down into the water up
throwing it out here here get it brother
yeah what a hillbilly alright block a
you ready yeah I'm ready
he's getting out the Arsenal that GoPros
we got cannon it has been since high
school since I've done this
Oh Steph if you're watching this that's
great step for step
Ron Ron role designs first yeah yeah
what up guys what up
all right we're was got a ball Oh sup
homies you guys ready to ride out here
it's gonna be awesome we are gonna get
the coolest video
GoPro footage we're talking slow-mo
great phat beat on the shayloss Channel
legs here to put it all together for us
we're all gonna help get the shots
pretty stark you ready on the wakeskate
push out your phone right to start
china's sure
Wow
Oh
whoa registers right again let's watch
well
hey guys so I'm at my sister's house
hanging out you guys remember this house
yeah yeah Emily remember this girl thank
you yeah I'm talking to you
I remembered what I remember from you
and I remember all the kids had to be
heard for just a second
and I know that you do you remember it
yes yeah I want to play on huh why I'm
pretty dusty on yes you are you are
Tatiana huh I love it back here has so
many memories
you guys got to remember that when we
started the vlogs is where we lived and
this was our swing set and this was our
grass this was our back porch it's fun I
like it you don't remember it cuz you
were here yet yeah look tidy don't huh
and I'm here alright how high can you go
it's still squeak still sounds the same
squeaky we're excited to be back here
you can t know how you will fall out you
are going high good job ok does that
hurt I feel like you have to drop and
roll the boat I just like this that what
you did silly head it's not quite sure
how he feels about that grass does it
tickle please just get in your stomach
strong huh hmm so many babies suck it
here put your foot down put your foot
down up
thanks laughs hi what are you doing
nope that one's mine think you'll have
to learn to vlog later huh hey love you
let's see how long you hold his leg up
are you gonna jump again oh okay you
been a while lady hey do you remember
this house do you remember this house
yes you do
I don't think he does all right Blake
just ate it wanted to ride good though
it's gonna be really bad loosened it up
major whiplash we're out here on the
lake
princes tarred mehron son Todd and
Carson we were all wondering who the
first person to cry was Blake 104 starts
just enjoy this is a heater that feel
good run you want to go again
okay you guys ready yeah so George hold
on tight I'm gonna go out there with
them you're either on what's going where
is getting yours ready what's going out
there right now get him on there Ronnie
help him out Carson help a brother out
get him on the boat it's so funny cuz
you're trying so hard and you feel like
there's nothing you can do the qur'an's
for all down here he goes
and we go
all right that's a wrap on the
waterskiing check out the video all
right I'm going to get the car ready one
two three
OOP I made it I'll be right back I'm
going to get the truck oh so much fun I
had a blast it was gorgeous go check out
the video on the shayloss channel all
right guys my sister's are amazing they
make cupcakes and cakes check this out
this is the wedding at lemon cheesecake
white chocolate white chocolate oh okay
and then there's these homemade cupcakes
and I made frosting seriously I'm very
proud because I whenever I make cupcakes
it's always from a box they did it from
scratch um and I have one mom here is
gonna said can I have it all right are
we starving to death they were starving
to death we're gonna try Scott we're
trying to run 100 miles right 100 miles
first we gotta get some food they're
hungry let's go eat
jump soccer player soccer player soccer
player soccer player and all soccer
players are four foot
that a known fact get in there so tired
sometimes of the FIFA World Cup dude I
can't believe Germany scored seven goals
today good job Germany you dominated
Brazil
wow that was a crazy blowout all right
this is a very important inflate I have
three huge announcements to make number
one son tard and I are writing a book
together yes that's right we are not
only doing a dietbet which started
yesterday you can join links below but
we are also writing a book together the
press release just came out today and
you can pre-order the book now I will
have links below to Amazon Barnes &
Noble and a couple other places if you
would like to pre-order the book that me
and my son are writing together we're
gonna make a shayloss video about it
later today second I will be in Seattle
Washington on August 16th that's a
Saturday
it's an event called vlogger fair it's
kind of like VidCon or playlist live but
it's in Seattle I like Seattle if you're
in the Seattle area come and visit us I
think it's gonna be me I don't know yet
III for sure will be there that's all
I'm gonna say right now I'm not sure how
many of the butler tarts are gonna make
it out there but we'll see third
announcement what was the turn notes
with I swear I had three announcements
vloggerfair the book is out for
pre-order I think the diet that was the
other one and new hats and shirts are
available a lot of stuff I'll put a lot
of links below check out all the
information we love you guys thanks for
joining us and watch our videos and
supporting our family we truly
appreciate it I got to go write a book
now bye
