how you doing to pick up Ezekiel are you
saying bye I would be freaked out too
are you freaked out what is her name
again
uh yeah yeah no I don't miss her here at
bro seriously Hannah why didn't fix
Rebecca mommy came out to be a date he
is too young she is too old for you dude
all right you guys know after you go
camping and your house doesn't have any
more food in it now we have to go get
food because we're starving and the
worst time to go shopping is when you're
hungry so we have to make good choices
especially because it's shayloss we're
getting ready for the grand fund oh so
we need to be ready to cook for athletes
here because they got to be able to ride
100 miles what he's doing hey seriously
looks like the shenanigans she wants to
call it a third thing we're trying to
get it all okay so it's not just
shenanigans it's a valid reason for
shenanigans right absolutely
all right well it might be gone if you
have to card up there it might be gone
princes heart has been carrying those
vidcon cards all week and I think she
just lost one did you get it no of
course yeah and I lose them my joking a
little in the middle side
that is one of my pet peeves is when I
get out of deck of cards to play
something and I don't have all the cards
because then I have to throw it away and
get a new deck because I'm that OCD I
have to have a full deck if you aren't
losing your DEP another deck say I do
yeah the blue one well good
losing your parmesan for noodles Sun
card boy
he you blocked my shot this -
shenanigans I wonder where they get it
from
look at buggy now they stop arguing when
you start logging hmm this we don't
argue right look at our cart for
heaven's sakes you'd think I had five
kids oh wait I do Oh take it there
that's sweet no that's one benefit of
having older kids they can help me
through the grocery store while the
little one is starting to get really
Audrey so we are almost done we just
need pasta and pasta sauce and let's go
oh my goodness
my kids are like you guys why are you
seriously do cut if this is where the
tablets do to my kids they get them
stuck at the checkout me seriously how
did I know that's the one you would be
reading okay
put the magazines down they're not true
they're all fake just so you know don't
read magazines they're just worth the
tabloids come on guys it's true that's
true and it's delicious so we're not
buying it
I know you can't read yet but she'll be
able to soon just talk to any here she
doesn't really know how to read either
this is mr. right Hannah you just said
it with Hannah no what is it now it's a
van Oh Savannah money for real it loose
young I can't keep up with your crazy
name hey hey guy hey you want to try my
dummy dummies now hey actually had
somebody tell me that I sounded like
annoying orange once I don't know if
that's a compliment or not but hey I'll
take it
Sackhoff ret zac efron his 26 heparin
yeah but I'm not well Penn the things
you're learning so okay we're unpacking
from the camping trip and we think we
found a mouse I think it came home with
us mom it's fine it's fine
those are two small British Mouse mom
doesn't want you using her cup yeah I
seriously when we were unloading this
stuff it came out run out of one of the
sleeping bags oh he's right there
catch him he's a cute little mouse poor
little guys scared
baby hi kids baby hallo guy hi did you
come home from the camping trip like
what happened I was in the beautiful
mountains now there's giant animals I
put him in the field you already you've
already got your horsey hey come on
cowboy
oh he bucked you off but you up bro
tired is he's jumper doubt you tired to
be in the jumper what four hours is too
long I don't think you want you to ride
him buck you off to there the Boise good
good boy or a good cowboy you're a good
horsey you're a good horsey as you are
don't swing him too high
fuck you a little too crazy oh yeah are
you a puppy would you pop over there you
Logan
I just want you to straight level with
me so are we gonna be able to do 100
miles bro I think we can get it
last year we trained not at all we did
76 true this year we have trained once
we're going training right right now
training ride for the Gran Fondo which
is this Saturday I am NOT as prepared as
I planned on being but it goes nothing
alright it's time to ride
alright go check out the shayloss
channel for an epic bike ride trust me
on this one you're gonna want to check
it out blow okay ready run ready ready
ready yeah
ah what a beautiful evening what a
beautiful evening what a bee what's with
the flag bro
so what your sauces do the percussion oh
what a beautiful feeling everything's
going my way that's uh yeah sunshine
beautiful sunshine once a day you see it
said I said sunshine sunshine I love to
see the autos guys yo that's sunshine so
creamy and pink
oh that's such a my doing not shinin all
right so we just stopped isn't that
gorgeous
we were literally and you know I ate it
was on that were driving down this road
and I saw that and I said pull the truck
over we're gonna vlog that one because
we don't have very much footage today
and to god people are i bet yours people
living right up here like what in the
hell is going on down there you know
would be really original and interesting
well i think people of instagram need a
son wait what I'm sure lives all right
get him out get him out I'm gonna throw
a Sierra filter on that and you better
double tap the crap of activate my bap
bap bap but I did it next song I'll
stumble over all right driving up to the
new house looking at the view it's
gorgeous Ron we did a hard bike ride
today we sure did dude it killed me
I was heat exhaustion are you feeling in
I don't feel good I feel like sleeping
pending this 100-mile race how do you
feel oh oh we on honesty level how ready
are we for this yeah I'd say that we're
about 20% physically ready but we're
110% mentally ready
but maybe 18% physically like we could
actually do a hundred miles on a bike
we'll see you though hey it'll be an
adventure that's all babe it's almost
it's the drama
it's about guts you know having guts and
we have huge cuts right now I think
that's the wrong use of the term oh I
think they want like like strong but all
Abbi guts Oh weird
oh I've been growing that I was hoping
that it would it'll get it'll get
smaller D that's like real food you're
not even gonna run in the marathon to
Ron's run in the marathon know this dude
we're running a marathon Carly is doing
way better than us she ran six miles
today sick that's a good run you know
Carly Styles were coming for you all
right Carly's going to Fiji but then
we're gonna start training hardcore for
the New York City UNICEF marathon in all
Bamber to November in November we're
gonna run right to that Sun today dude I
could run into that Sun and it would be
a lot of fun we're a barrel of monkeys
okay we're headed up to the new house
all right uh we just got up to the house
and look at dude there's freaking guard
dogs here man there are guard dogs and
spies and killer children just running
around it's gonna come here are you guys
protecting the place what is going on
what are you guys doing right on us
what good dancing the puppies Casey up
there yeah you see with one let's see in
on you
Oh both oh yeah you're in that cousin
mode sir I did yeah did you guys bring
him what what they leave my wife about
it
come on you might need that later
something hey lupus you having a good
time
that's our bubblegum those are cream
ease Ron your box of cream ease posture
nothing all right so where you guys
going down I'm gonna pull up oh we're
being swarmed dude the zombies are
attacking oh no I'm not I'm not gonna do
that I don't want to run over anybody
come on everybody get 20 yards from the
truck or Ron will shoot you with a BB
gun he has a BB gun shooter run we're
counting to five then we're gonna shoot
one two
all right there's not a kid within a
hundred yards Shh right then with a gun
that's just how you do it tell us that
saying Casey you guys know how like the
saying goes you give somebody an inch
and they take a mile
well it's also goes in reverse you give
a dog frickin mile mile we hadn't Yeah
right I'm psychic
so why is bombs do all day until we can
be out in the land
running run so we get here nice lays on
the porch she doesn't even leave footage
he runs down to your house everyone
smile checks and see if Zeke's there and
then he runs back hilarious so that's
that's our house and then this is
Casey's cabinet it's pretty cool though
because Bronx's went down there last
night when we got home at like 1:00 in
the morning and I was unloading stuff
out the car and then I whistled and all
Son guys seemed come just come in so you
just left him here while we were there
no he went to the kennel oh right I
would love that if they would get so
comfortable where we could just go and
they would just be out here roaming that
big shed alright okay okay hold on I
have this is a very interesting
sociological question come downstairs
Kaylie we've come downstairs yeah this
is Casey's brand-new house and if you
were a woman a wife of a husband and
three children how would you feel about
this I mean it's been coming for a long
time I feel like we've been pretty lucky
I like avoided this I think he he's not
getting this collection all these years
so he could do this right and he has
quite the collection yeah like a scary
dead animal farm what's that black bear
we love you you will warm our children
in the winters it's beautiful with all
the deadness yeah Casey do you love it
whoops I almost tripped over that dead
elk head dude there's a whole wall right
there what are you talking about I did
tell PC I need this you got me a little
bit of a problem if you want and I
wondered where we placed this one
you can't like poke an eye out when you
come down the stairs and turn the corner
Oh Casey's Casey's out poked Brock's eye
out again Brock do you think I look
pretty cool girl the dead animal Oh what
you think they look cool do you see this
deer right what's this what's this dude
what is that
what kind of animal is that oh you don't
know you know - hey what's Bambi kids
don't know any animals oh then there's
all these things anyways I think looks
cool and this meat bed Casey's family
for the last six years yeah so anybody
was like yeah we still have this guy's
still in the freezer hey remember when
you ate that guy the other day what it's
a horn there's a broken word what do you
think Ron
this is really hard for Ron what do I
think I'm terrified just walking Ron's
Ron's head right now it's like walking
into the pits of hell Ron the vegetarian
of 12 years how long you been a
vegetarian
uh like 15 years oh hey what I can't
come here because your mom needs your
keys oh crap okay gotta Bob so we're
still getting moved in they're still
doing some remodeling on our new house
and it'll probably be ready in another
month or so we're just being patient
hanging out with my mom and dad they're
probably getting sick of us living with
them in their house by now but hey we're
family I like this new end slate what do
you think that's pretty cool huh down on
the bottom left-hand corner you can
click on yesterday's vlog if you're
feeling lucky go to the bottom right
hand corner and if you want to see what
our family has been doing every single
day for the last five years you can go
see exactly on this day one two three
four and five years ago that's what
those cute little numbered faces are
below I've had one kid per year that's a
pretty good ratio also keep an eye on my
Twitter because there's going to be a
very big announcement today I'm just
waiting for the link to come through on
my email also if you have not joined our
dietbet check out the link below me and
son Todd are doing a summer diet that
it's all about having the best summer
ever doing fun things jumping bikes
climbing cliffs climbing mountains
throwing your sister down a hill all
kinds of fun stuff that you can think of
so check it out links below love you
guys we see you tomorrow can catch a lot
