all right let's get this one
take Sunday under way we just got a
table for 22 at juego Mexican Grill in
drinks Oh in Wyoming her Idaho I kept
saying Driggs Idaho the other day I'm a
big old doofus face we just got off of
probably one of the most epic hikes I've
ever been on
go check out my Instagram because I'm
gonna be posted mad pics of a freakin
sweet hike we did a six mile hike up to
this waterfall I was so proud of the
kids they all hiked it except for rock
card and retard Iowa's it was quite the
adventure man at one point baby tard was
crying hysterically bloody murder
because she was afraid of heights but
you'll see that tomorrow's vlog Ron
how'd you like the hike today huh it's
good right that's good I feel asleep and
now here legs dead yeah it was up in the
mountains price six miles and it was
intense anyways one take Sunday I'm
sorry the vlog is late it's not gonna be
very long but it's Sunday and we just
spent all day in the mountains climbing
waterfalls I was cursing Molly's name
when I was at the hotel yesterday
uploading the vlog for four hours well I
love you I'm just kidding I wasn't
person yeah I love you Molly
somebody's I saw on Twitter somebody
said we need to get a shirt that says
thank you Molly
alright yeah we have we just got a table
for 20 look at all these people
there's Aunt Judy
there's a baby she's making the baby
there's like hey guys how's it going
Brendan juego el fuego restaurant Oh
said you need some food there's my uncle
Dana there's my dad there's my son and
my mom yeah
love you dad you ready to eat what he
gonna get in there he doesn't get a
lotta enchiladas oh yeah that sounds
good I hope you had a happy 4th of July
that's it I'm just checking in this
counts as a vlog nobody ever made up
what counts as a vlog lengthwise or
anything you saw the family we're gonna
waitin for our table we're gonna go eat
and then I'm gonna have to save my
battery because I have to go edit a
bunch of Instagram pictures but I just
took Logan give us one last little
send-off my friend guys this week was
awesome I found out that I love America
and then the West found out of the West
was won I found out the door of my
trucks open oh yeah rigs
why wait where's the tell them that I
climbed to the top of doing it I can't
see it from here we're in the Tetons all
right gage last words beginning in a
rock close dude that is a skipping rock
if I ever saw one that would be a great
skipping rocks how how was that hike
today dude gage still hasn't showered
since then are you tired I was proud of
you did baby tired her little legs baby
tired how was I today so tired all right
love you see you guys tomorrow I don't
give him a last word peace in the van
and trees lots of cheese he's down there
no the other camera died
do I have a go
