all right you guys I was ready to have a
4th of July I love America
he's ready have a happy 4th of July
phase you like Logan sure go he loves
America and Starla makes me hate America
I love America you were all America now
all right we're filling up we're filling
up gas and then we're headed to the
Tetons Tetons we're going to the
gentlemen you guys ready to go huh got
all the babies all the kids all the
cousins everybody's loaded up nope you
are in the seat you are riding up there
in you'll see each other shortly back is
loaded with gear we're going camping
oh is lo Guilbert rocking the flag and
the bike Blake rocking the freedom tank
freedom let it ring you're like you
right here we're gonna go snack don't
move
Morgan's here low-key bears here all
right we're rocking this we have all our
bikes gonna go for a big ride once we
get up to the Tetons wave on forever the
red and white and float and try and
float on the but the extend its mighty
hand of black and white a blue red one
Ronald are these your glasses I found
these are those yours oh can maybe dude
whose glasses are those you don't have
any I mean those can be mine fight over
them yellow
it's the fourth of July which is
Independence Day everybody are driving
for the July de Young
to see if you guys gotten sick of us
showing you the item of Syria can you
see the waves in the graphs look closely
the wind is blowing and there's like
waves when graphs I conceal reminds me
of Kevin Costner in the movie the filter
I can see here if you build it they will
come
we are going to the grand tetons we're
going to drinks Idaho which is right
next to Grand Targhee and Jackson Hole
Wyoming so we're gonna be in that area
and it is so gorgeous
speaking of gorgeous flip that camera
around look at that hot piece of meat I
think it's talking about me but I'm just
gonna
maybe your soulmate my veil you know I
look at you and I think I am lucky okay
hopefully we don't get rained on cuz we
got a load of stuff back there and it
doesn't happen time for a text message
okay traffic him
just my phone telling me I've used my
data of what's what's new all right
we're about to go over the Snake River I
love this bridge and there's a rule
whenever you over bridge to make a wish
hold your breath and go across the
entire
oh we did it wait what I learned to the
head to the railway well I guess my wish
doesn't come true then turn the camera
off lightning oh no huge one straight on
see it I hope we don't have to get our
bags soaking wet turn the camera off for
a bunch in the tit all right so we
stopped to get a tarp just in case we're
all tarped up and ready to go
looks like we need to tie it the tarp
down all right pull it in and it's not
technically rain I got it down on that
one corner yeah it's not raining it
started to blow away so you roll down
the back one of us and maybe I dropped
the tarp
we got the dart the rest of it good news
the kids won't get wet they won't get
rained on cuz they are wearing the time
just the little heads up you know just
keep your eye peeled you know you never
know you never know when one of these
little kids he's gonna get scooped on up
and chewed on up hey hey your morsels
close to mommy tired
all right this may be one of the biggest
like slide slides I've ever seen like
you know a slide that you would see at a
playground check this bad boy out all
right sometimes gonna show us how it's
done let's see this bad boy here he
blows all the way down there rock-hard
have you done this yeah
I didn't do it hold on princess art
Ilana come over here okay here goes
princess tired that's awesome
all right mommy guard haven't you done
this when you were a girl okay who's
gonna say that's dang fast you can do on
your feet bro he's gonna eat it into the
trees back rock trade you want to go on
that okay sounds like a good plan Ronald
you want to go with mommy bet rock you
sit on Mommy's lap okay okay beautiful
all right you want to get some Pam
all right here goes rock tartar mommy
card down the slide they go where
they'll end up nobody knows all right
little fish ready it's me Lucas
we did it okay nice it comes bridges are
down the slide right off the end good he
went again if you didn't get it you
landed right there
I guess Thunder went down when it was
raining and you like landed over there
you did really like in a bathing suit
just yeah flying nice job that's fun
okay is that Gator rager
that's Gator rager nice dog well the
beauty level just raised about 12% so
it's nice to be on a beautiful stream
where the river runs through it okay
all right so we're at summer camp and
we're about to get our orientation from
camp counselor Butler
all right camp counselor Carl you're
gonna give us the orientation to
troublemakers a bear just got our baby
give me a good dad Ron okay now I'm
nervous
Oh Yanni's coming out that was the
spring rain that just came out of that
awning all right we are here at the
fireworks and the queen of the fourth of
July parade is about to get out of the
vehicle
here she comes everybody the sister
Liberty mom brought a necklace for
everybody get a necklace you get you get
a new car you get it wait she has
everybody get the flag a bracelet and a
necklace there you go you tell your mom
thank you that's the answer
yeah
rolling and action whoa hello everybody
see here at the fireworks show that just
got over in Driggs Idaho okay that's it
Mike all right happy fourth of July I
think though here we go here we go here
we go
happy fourth of July short this tiny
town in Wyoming called Driggs and they
had a firework show but it lasted
probably three minutes divided buns and
now we're having up 4th of July party
all right it's so windy we have to use
the other fireworks to light the other
fireworks don't have them how we got the
first fireworks started shoot it
all right bedtime what are you doing
that's your area this is my area I'm
gonna try to do a little editing tonight
even though we have no electricity check
this out look I'm gonna try flip this on
it don't work we're in a cabin with no
electricity we have Casey
so you know I went camping that's the
sleeping bag Roger pedan yeah we
actually wrote a rapid down the river on
his pee that was no Bailey where the
girls camp whoa all right good night so
you guys we're at a girl's camp right
now and we're in a cabin where there's
like just a bunch of bunk beds there's
Casey baby tard am i sleeping next to
you man Joey hey Judi what do you wanted
Judi all right happy fourth of July from
a cabin I'm not sure I'm gonna get this
video up tomorrow but here's to hoping
well Molly this one's for you we
promised vlogs every day of July and
we're gonna do it I drove down from the
camp found a Best Western that we're
renting this just so I can get some
internet so we can upload the vlog love
you guys hope you're having a great
weekend and I hope you had a happy happy
happy 4th of July I love this new end
slate it's awesome click on yesterday's
vlog if you're feeling
you know what to do there's a brand-new
shayloss video with me and son tard and
ron and blake and casey and logan this
summer is titled affectionately for the
shayloss channel the best summer ever me
and son tarde are gonna be doing a diet
bet together starting this Monday so if
you guys want to hang out with us and
have the best summer ever lose weight
and have fun join our diet that links
below love you guys and we'll see you
tomorrow
