do you really want to piss off a lot of
people mom that's a great way to start a
video
good morning it's another beautiful day
and today princess tyrant has the
opportunity to do an interview a local
news interview about her song how do you
feel honey I'm excited I'm excited oh my
goodness
cute note well here we go let's go
I'll see what questions they have to
Axia okay here we are we're at news
channel 6 and look at this studio
supercool you got one sent over here
this whole getup over here to light the
lights wrong right here because this is
where 80 is gonna be interviewed she's
gonna have some questions asked about
her music video this is Dee Ann hi and
we're super excited to have you guys
nice is always fun so are you nervous at
all yeah you'll do great you're throwing
this okay how do you feel you did hey
you did I think you did awesome I got a
frog in my throat did you feel good
about it though I always get nervous cuz
I'll be up there talking I'm like wait
what did I say what what was that what I
wanted to say I don't know well she's
got to get over it collect get over it
and he's super excited about it okay
we've got a list because we're going
grocery shopping and we're going camping
tomorrow so we've got to get some
camping tomorrow yes oh you didn't know
we're going get me tomorrow
well I do this on Friday if I didn't
know tomorrow was riding tomorrow is the
fourth of July we're going camping
hallo guys
that time of year
Black's preaching we have seven kids in
the family
aged freely all the old are kids which
is five then Cooper nine nine kids they
still all the kids do you really want to
piss off a lot of people my mom is
complaining about all the soccer players
football players excuse me I call it
football you're up right give me balance
football she called it soccer I don't
know why okay this is what I said on my
Facebook and I know I'm gonna get a lot
of hate okay you watch r-rated movie
called
we were looking for here so I thought
I'd stir things up a bit but I don't
know mom didn't have any pending fights
at the time so she's thought I should
start a fight this is how I started the
thing it says I am gonna start a big
fight on Facebook right now mostly well
seriously there's somebody at the door
come in who is it whoa
oh it's the butler's great what are you
guys doing here that's there's the
sister Butler hello welcome to our house
with your baby we're all here because he
is gonna be on TV
Ava's gonna be on TV maybe is gonna be
on TV not at the whole brilliant is that
it no that's cool anyways my mom thinks
that the World Cup football players are
wusses because they're always falling
down and acting hurt you are finished
repose let me finish my post I gotta
find it though no I'm just Amir hold on
hold on we were just a little word and
we thought we'd start a little
controversy because it's kind of fun but
it's kind of true I don't know anything
about soccer but this is what I said
which I start over oh my hell just get
let's let's get over with this is this
well you better put some focus on me so
then I hey everybody's my mom would like
you to pay attention to her talking for
a minute and you wonder where I get it
from
yeah this is all gonna be cut I don't
have the camera on right now huh sure I
just do this my mom so she feels good
sometimes right Yeah right
read it okay no we don't care okay
what's up guys hey guys look at Casey
LaVere he's here engage all right if he
is coming on in the news any second
what have I told you guys about the
internet do not feed the trolls my mom
wants to read one of your comments where
you've had a comment from Kaitlyn Robles
she said someone finally said it
Thank You Lori she's so proud of herself
don't feed the troll would you get babe
you get a present
like water lemonade dude that's smart
lurk our hotel lobby water look at this
tree oh this is the Three Stooges he's
three getting a lot of trouble together
I think between the three of them they
baton six pounds of Isis in the last
four days
oh those are nice how many Isis have you
had today Tim one ok have another one no
thank you
you have any of you had yeah you've only
had one Frehley homie Isis if you guys
zero can even so okay Amy can have six
more Bradley can have three and you can
have asparagus yay yes not one more I
see one more I see we had one last one
all right
you were watching KTVI nuisance so with
Matt Davenport right who's ready to
watch themselves on the TV already got
it out bro way ahead of you
the news is on now good evening thanks
for watching the man accused of robbing
the Pocatello bank last month naive pork
not you
Prague's s so I can old Flint had to go
to jail and Roger just goes that's you
dad that's funny daddy funny even good
look at that karlie karlie was so stoned
yesterday my dad's home look at these
brothers they don't hug they shake hands
no hugging here we shake hands
hey brother haven't seen you in a couple
years send me that contract over next
week okay I'll notarize this there's a
dog alright so we miss the little teaser
but AV is on next
hopefully if I wait to the very end so
you're all sit here yeah cuz they want
to teach the story they want to keep
viewers because they know that
everybody's sticking around to watch you
all right of course duh what else would
it be dad hey why the apple doesn't fall
too far from the tree next patient
the news process takes time your new
source freeze die up here we go the
story of shaycarl Butler who had his
company maker studios purchased by
Disney the tomb I told you get
spotlighted not like that I mention only
tunes and is bringing music to his ears
KPBS reporter Dan Connaughton been
appraised over and talked about her
video object that features her with a
cameo of mom and dad Deann Matt I sat
down idea he the editor mom : today to
hear about Amy's experience in making a
professional music video
like oh great Mike's mad about that he
says that could look a lot clearer hosts
daily online with millions of viewers
watching but now she has a video of her
own that is called forever love that she
co-wrote with her piano teacher yeah
well it was expected the black and white
and the pink and I was wearing pink so
this fun cuz picks my favorite color and
on that note a via song plug all the way
to the top 50 on iTunes we really felt
like I passed frozen song it was it was
easier if I sing in front of a whole
stage in front just like two or one
person and it just use your cuz it's
just like they're out there crowd having
her video on a platform like iTunes
allows the public to comb it and with
the good comes the bad but she doesn't
let that get to her just don't really
listen to him cuz it's not their life
it's my life so it's that's their
opinion I'm a different yeah you do girl
yeah you do that was good wow that she
is able to explore her creativity I knew
that the Butler family has created for
her and she adds that they are impressed
with the writing of the song
because it's not just about a song about
young love but it's a song about family
love and I cried multiple times watching
and filming in the video it was a
blessing Oh
if you want to see more of the bit of
the forever love video you can check it
out on iTunes links below right well no
no to be that back to you alright thank
you very much Dan job finally making
that a girl you did great that was
awesome very proud of you lose them a
goof a putty hey people in the bogs have
been saying that they have not seen you
as much as they want to they're mad
because you're not in the vlogs more
yeah do you miss them you want to give
them a message from baby tard I don't
know say I love you everybody I love you
I'm a bitch
alright running a little test on the new
bikes Burley Lake burner new bikes well
then that is quite the journey oh my how
does a hill man we don't a bike you tell
II can tell her the hills are hey
wear a helmet we forgot ours ours isn't
it's packed up I promise you were not
going more than five miles an hour going
up this mountain we're just going for a
nice like six mile ride but always wear
your helmet I feel bad not wearing my
helmet
here comes Logan oh it's nice crawl
killer right Wow
you feel like you're like you could walk
faster almost doesn't it I'm like if I
was walking I would be going faster I'm
going right now and you're just like
sucking air and your heart is pounding
well there's wrong coming there's Ronnie
coming up the mountain he's got his
light on Wow love you a lot of it too
for Ron is getting used to the high
elevation
why is your house uphill the whole way
give me ride home me I'll come back your
head down rod is working it I wonder if
we're gonna run into Shay anytime soon
or if he was way back there that we even
missed him so those guys are riding
bikes and let's not tell them what we're
doing guys no no no we did that last
night okay I promise guys last night
last night I'm doing this right Yeah
right back you guys hello hitch a ride
shei take a please buggy going two miles
an hour you're amazing oh I just shot a
rocket your new suburban sorry okay I'm
eating milkshakes downtown Shh oh my
goodness are the cousins hangin out
I think the cousins are hanging out you
guys haven't hung out for a while
we're puttin bro chartright to work on
the remodel huh moaning tired pretty yes
you got your paintings I'm watching
lately oh grandma grandma mommy tard
look I got the paintbrush mom I got the
paintbrush I'll paint this well for you
Kelly you're liking it up here we were
just driving up here and I was like this
is so crazy it's really green yeah so
beautiful yeah all right honey get this
room painted so we can move in yeah
let's see all right so we're trying to
pick colors guys I think we go darker in
the room darker than that
well you're the one just put on the wall
you just acted like you painted on the
wall and then I said I like that you're
like that you like that like you're
gonna have painted it on there darker
then oh no like the darker that's the
darkest option isn't it yeah what's the
dirt reception yeah I think we go with
the darkest option this is gonna fight
you guys look at this this is our master
bedroom it has tile and paint and all
kinds of stuff in it we're just we're
paint in the wall to see which color we
like and then we'll pick now let's put
all the colors on there say goodbye guys
look the Rays the last rays of the day
are filtering away say goodbye bye last
rays of the day last rays of the day the
goes Bart's
good ride Logan that was a seven mile
hill climb we we climbed seven miles get
in the hole not even close
all right the great paint debate of 2014
is happening right through these doors
let's go see all right you making
decisions so
where's mom that's her opinion what is
going on out here in the backyard so
this is our cousin Casey actually you
could call her Elsa from frozen she's
rocking the same hairdo
I love it you have a you have a channel
don't you Casey give yourself a
shout-out bro come on that no I'm
telling you to if you don't do it I'll
punch you right in your face she's our
cousin you guys that's my dad's
brother's daughter and her name is Casey
also there's already a Casey Butler
where's the zekiel Vicky oh I love when
the dogs are here look at how happy
there hey girls here do you like that
new bike you did not hey where's Zeke
did he bring Z oh there he is did you
bring Jackson dad
Dickie oh hey buddy
what do you think do you like your
backyard I think he likes his backyard
come here what come up here go see daddy
no daddy I'm running in the backyard
leave me alone there he goes he loves it
oh he's getting askew yeah not fun it's
fun to have a big backyard to run around
in hey lo-face gage and Casey you having
fun I just want to film a lot because
everything looks so beautiful right now
this is the golden I look at Zeke had
his bone mom it's the golden hour pan
down from the moon then what we see no
the mountain Taub you PDD all my thing
about doing the dishes looking at that
my video dishes if I have to do the
dishes while you look at the mountain on
a sunset yeah right there all the dishes
every night now actually
no you won't you're right I just said
that for the vlog Logan come jump around
right there Oh My heck look at that jump
up in the air let's see your face
there's Logan that's kind of beautiful
but you want to see some other view
beautiful things oh no wow that looks
good
that's pretty cool Logan say something
entertaining right now because it looks
really pretty but give me some good
audio comes in yeah I don't know there's
the words what a dork
yeah what a dork look at that ah Zeke do
not eat the leftovers get away from
those young men you go run around and
kill yourself an animal all right
strode to the top of the property was my
woman I went the whole time in the very
second we left the house so we drove to
the top of the property she whined and
complained after I laughed he made me
kick I was doing the whole time she's
yelling at Zeke to get her way stop
jumping because it's a game he like he
wants to bite the tire so he runs and is
right in front of the motorcycle to me
I'm gonna run over you I told him I'm
gonna run over him and I'll teach him I
love you you look pretty in this Idaho
sky in-seok made
all right let's go to the top and make
out some more okay okay thank you for
watching today's episode of the
Shaytards please tune in tomorrow where
we're still loud and obnoxious and we
like to talk to ourselves on the camera
brand-new merchandise at the link below
get yourself a shaycarl hat shade dark
shirt or shaycarl shirt or a mom a dark
shirt whatever the heck you want you get
yourself ones right there below this is
the end slate you can click on other
entertainment options if you missed
yesterday click on my hot wife if you
want to feel lucky and who doesn't want
to click on my smiling face and if you
want to see what we were doing every
single day for the last five years pick
a year one two three four and five and
you can watch we're doing on this exact
day happy fourth of July everybody will
see tomorrow
