hi I'm logging here alright here we are
hey Carl and my main man gingers yes son
hi shoes it's alright we're gonna come
back okay we'll come back under champ so
wait this is crazy I just wanted to vlog
this moment this is my like growing up
high school best friend we went out to
lunch
every single day together on Wednesdays
as it was nacho day we both got two
chocolate milks together like you know
like the guy that you're gonna be able
to talk with till you're 85 years old
even if we didn't talk to each other for
15 years it's like good best buddy so
it's crazy that we're both sitting here
in the truck with our sons and Jamie
just told his son you're the second
generation buddy second generation yeah
and we're up here in our Idaho property
and this is like where me and Jamie grew
up skiing up at this ski home close to
here we worked up there together to get
our season passes and there's a hot
mommy tard pulling up
hey tootsie roll we're just talking
about when we were kids scam it for hot
chicks and now we have babies and wives
oh oh you're gonna kid you think I'm
going down the house right now love you
anyways
now I don't know where Gavin is so
that's the great thing about being in
Idaho we're up at our new house and we
don't know where Gavin is he's around
the mountain somewhere so we I just tell
told Jamie we're going to install a bell
that you can ring up here so it's like
that's the sign for you get home
wherever you're at all right and then
I'm just gonna mediate yeah that's a
good idea
two levels of bell-to-bell system like
that Jamie okay I'm at home now
and before I walk into the storm I want
it to say this for all the people who
are asking Shay why did you move back to
Idaho what I'm about to walk into that's
the reason why we move back to Idaho let
me see what's going on in here
Oh happened is he okay hi Joe do you
want to be on my vlog here handsome hat
that's about the coolest hat I ever did
so that's a nice how'd you get such good
style grandma you're so lucky to be
married to us fashionista like joe
that's sweet handsome gives him a cool
hat how are you haven't seen you forever
no you like my kid coming it's coming
we're building him a little bit of
frosty oh that took grandma's before
sweetened him up he's sweet enough as a
dear hey what's up stop and somebody
else got grounded from the motorcycle
today you want to talk about that here I
uh I grounded him um hey you know whose
idea that was
nope it's grandma's idea oh I wouldn't
be so mad if
I told you like five minutes in or you
know what once you do oh yeah I said I
wasn't gonna care my kid on we gotta go
sometimes hurt my case you ready
hold on let's reenact this though we
just got back from climbing a mountain
Oh liftin is back by seven look where
you been
I kept Evald what are the wristbands for
I want to see sunscreen work why would
they work well I don't know you tell me
you look so beau what do did you get
some presents that's awesome when we say
the Hulk they talk that's awesome and
then grandma has a friend that brought
it peroxides hey what do you say let's
say thank you thank you
no cool hey let's see this head gage had
a tumble today you're right buddy
it's a gnarly rad dude some more baby
feedings going on in here
hold on yeah tell me all about does
heroes thanks thanks Jeff thanks Jeff
managing does he want his name out there
other swans name's Jeff Anderson the
Swans man we're coming for you thanks
Jeff yeah all right I love you have gay
job you put them together gage can help
you do I have your permission to use
this on youtube.com slash Shaytards all
right we'll review this footage later
all right I am here in Idaho talking to
a communications class what's the same
class
you got a risk it to get the biscuit
don't ask talking about YouTube all
right so we're back at the house at the
party I just met a present grabbers head
one year in Idaho you have to wear
different clothes so these are the
different clothes that I have to work
because now that I'm in item
okay it's gonna be Cara Hart pants heart
what is that Yellowstone oh I love it
his knee held back in Idaho Yellowstone
National Park
Blake's here mom and Steve and Carly and
and you were there and you were going
and you were there what oh my bad
Hammer pants yeah that's your Saturday
Costco run outfit sorry I just woke up
and put my Yellowstone II I'm never far
yo so we're going to your deal oh you're
laying the sauce
I'm never videos you've never seen Old
Faithful smash at your face oh you just
lost an AB there you only have five back
okay
it's no longer called Yellowstone it's
Yolo Stone yes dad knock it oh no I saw
it on a t-shirt
Yellowstone Yellowstone gonna have a
giant volcano and blow us all up
today yes good of that ways we're all
here with your family bro chard is
getting some cheering rambling is my
series where's your sisters out you know
am i my sister's keeper my My Sister's
Keeper enough new rule new rule new rule
when you're in the mountains going less
than 10 miles an hour I can vlog check
it out turkeys turkey family they
haven't seen a car appear in like four
hours they're like whoa this is a road
we forgot about that
all right we're up at the property
that's what we're effectively calling it
everybody's here all the usual suspects
the old property yep the old property
Blake's in town Ron's in town got low
boo bear this is like a clashing of all
of my world's two dogs in the back of
the truck in the mountains that's what
I'm like and it's the new bike I got I'm
going 100 miles on that in about a week
and a half Logue you ready I'm ready
Logan got a new bike J - I'm excited our
phrase was if Diddy could do it I can do
it
after you got a P dating
like what he did he would ride the white
party but yeah I want yoy but oh my so
um why did I get a new bike because I
did just recently by when KC is
inheriting that bike so now this is my
new bike Bronx he went through that back
window and jumped out the seat does a
major dog fell all right you guys uh
we're about to hike to the top of the
Mount you want to come you want to go on
a hike to the top of that mountain let's
go hey kids what you doing back there
it's gonna be a hard hike I don't even
know if Ron's gonna be able to do it
remember me chocolate ood yeah Blake
said he went running today and he could
he was tired after mile and a half by
the trash that's because yeah they'll
hurry but a lot of elevation up here get
out there we're gonna hike you guys I
told you that already it's tougher to
play football a boy he played football
for Weber State but it kicked his butt
further first Wally
elevation mm-hmm you gotta breathe yeah
elevation we're up here in the mountains
and action pathetic eight again good hey
Ron why are you guys because they're
growing up here getting into trouble
that's the first time I ever took him up
we didn't go on the kids lift at all
very taut yeah you took us to the
steepest hill they love why though cuz
Pebble Creek seriously has one of the
largest vertical drops of almost
anywhere yeah bro
and that's why we're such good skiers
grace had to cry and Derick she was such
a eccentric riding as one I never have
what I want I'm cry top top mom stop
dude I did backflips up with that
mountain
you're awesome and so then one time we
get a call listen you guys want to hear
another story about my life hold on my
mom's talking about well this is the ski
patrol calls us and said we have your
son Logan and his friend Kade in the ski
we're not gonna let him ski for two
hours because they were jumping off the
shed that his brothers told him to do
that's the best shed to jump off and I
told y'all I told you there's a
shed and when I had my rope she knew
exactly what I was talking about it's
gonna be real
I really don't really do want to see
this again you can't do it everybody
laughing why do I have your camera under
your backpack
ready and go what's up guys hey guys so
yeah stop laughing
we are headed back to the ski hill we
had to stop at the gas station get some
gas
we're low on waters buttony we're good
and we are actually almost to the base
of Pebble Creek Ski Area where we were
gonna hike as far as we can till the Sun
Goes Down which is pretty close we're
gonna starve up there all right at the
base of the mountain here's what we're
dealing with I can't quite pick quite
the incline straight to the top hey Sun
tard what are you doing bro
have you taken a real close look at that
dandelion over there are you looking at
your what's going on we sink round the
mountains you just start pissing
everywhere huh all right I think you're
right oh you wash your hands my nickname
on the mountain is snack attack
I am did when this kids hunting with me
angry getting angry pants when he
doesn't get snacks oh man you guys are
talking about getting ripped bronze like
man we get so ripped Gavin we get ripped
yeah so we are a couple hundred thousand
million billion feet up Hill and
mountain somewhere in Idaho our hearts
are pumping we're getting a good work in
the legs we're excited to get Chaillot
started and that's kind of a lot of the
reason why Blake is here to help us
shoot some sheyla's videos and get ready
for the grand fondo well seeing amazing
panorama vistas like that one gracious I
just thought the pictures he was typing
shy I think a lair uncle thought that I
was in another world ideas breakfast
in Casey and Logan are up there with
their binoculars looking for elk all
right now we're going to have 20 seconds
of peaceful bliss stop ruining my
peaceful blasts you're those birds so
gorgeous what do you think Blake oh snap
we're going 60 frames a second everybody
we're gonna get a great shot on there
check out the shayloss videos we're
doing a lot of shayloss videos this
month blake somebody pumping them out
where else we're gonna ship him back to
California Gavin wait for me bro you're
killing me smalls you're killing me all
righty so this is quite a moment Ronald
what do you think about that Oh Ellie
did you vlog this already I just got
here I want to see the moment wow this
is awesome
do one of this broke and I fell to my
demise I have jumped off of this on my
skis before this is about maybe when I
score stuff I always wanted to do that
what drop off yeah do remember bleed you
got it we would come because the snow
piles up on the corner of this and we
come skiing down that track and then we
hit the corner of this and like jump
down I've actually skied off of the end
of this before when this chairlift was
closed all I climbed up it's like it's
not as high as it looks now because
there's so much snow like it looks so
high right now but in the winter there's
like six seven feet of snow you just
jump off at this thing and ski on down
we call it toads right that was the name
of it let's hit this run this is the
triple chair it's like the wussy chair
where you out Logan Oh Logan's like a
drill instructor did you just see Logan
up there yes Logan's like hiding in the
chairlift hey guys welcome back Oh Blake
spine and thumbnails over there I'm
gonna sit on a chair screw over broke
junkie snacks broham welcome Idaho my
friends oh thanks so much that's the
song that I wrote back oh look at that
nice job dude Gavin you kill it give me
a foot five what's high elevation here
Blake what do you think get a nap no I
was downloading it I know if you went
all the way down mother oh it's gorgeous
well you look great up there you should
take advantage of some Instagram
opportunities do gram that up my friend
we just missed it but I threw one of
these believe it or not into logan's
mouth can you do it again Logan don't
interrupt buzz hold on what a Blake's
getting some shots got something Logan's
Instagram guys go look at this picture
of Logan when he was fishing there's a
threeway pictures of him fishing and
then the truck a girlfriend
google screenshot of a pond
look at his arms I just want you to look
at his arms we're using that body
building out there bro yeah arms like
this big yeah this body building app you
can make you look really buff well good
that you've been posing for 45 minutes
Cheers okay okay ready ready go ahead
run good don't fall
Oh bounce off a reading bad toss get in
there get in there
yeah body shot I made it's amazing I'm
married from there Blake what do we at
679 3178 37 let's go - we're almost at
8,000 feet right here and that went
right in boom that's a great shot huh
oh this is a replay slum Thomas loo your
slogan stung saliva dripping off of it
almost all rattling right into his
beautiful that was a great description
rod that made me feel really good about
that shot dude oh yeah I'm gonna put
that voice over the slow-mo I'm stuck on
the chair look get me off of this thing
all right how do we figure out how much
time to the sunset 30 hers is like 35
minutes we got 35 minutes oh you go he's
got about 15 minutes
we got about an hour to an hour all
right we're gonna push higher when we
Morgan do this we got down in 30 minutes
and then they also hiked up the mountain
I get it all right for all intents and
purposes we made it to the top of the
ski hill my friends they did extend the
chairlift so there it does go up to more
switchbacks but when I was skiing here
as a kid in junior high and high school
this is the top of the mountain for me
and Kasey Butler it was and this is
where our whole world would start yep
there's a Shack right there you'd flip
around go over here upper green and
you'd have to walk across that bare
hillside until you get to that next
Canyon over and couldn't ski it she'd
have to walk yep hiked up and over and
we that Canyon that was the North Pole
and we say always think wouldn't it be
great if the chairlift went up there and
now it does and so it's a whole new
world my friend come on over the
backside - it'll never be enough but it
is our beloved this is where we grew up
in case we would work here summers and
earn season passes and ski this all
winter long - I love it I love it up
here ain't too shabby sunset and Logan
is looking so handsome in this light
the lighting is just helping my beauty -
mouth boys are killing it boys are back
in town Blake down there getting shots
let me get a shot of Blake getting shots
I feel like he's getting way more
footage than he needs Blake this is like
a five-minute video dude oh yeah Logan
wants a few of these shots dude but look
at that that's right this is the part
where we shut up on went Blake to his
job right I forgot about that part okay
chimicherry
yeah little white butt walk nice look at
a person right yeah fine oh yeah wait
where
you see these black
at the top yeah three time oh you didn't
I didn't see him the entire time I did
not see him I did a horrible job of
finding the dairy one tree like in the
sunlight the white sign on it yeah
just to left that tree you night there -
Casey can scope a deer from a thousand
million light-years away
all right man we are moments away from
the top Gavin is like launching into
another gear
I'm dying see ya so the magical hour we
are almost to the top right there well
we made it to the tip tip tip top eat up
tip of the world Logie Baird you know
from that window there's a sweet little
Lodge up here off you want to just come
and do a little campout have a little
meeting talk to Jesus you come up here
and if the doors open you just stay
there that's amazing and then it's like
you know just respect the place and be
nice to it because there's something
really cool they just leave open to the
public but look at this view speaking of
everything amazing god it's amazing it's
amazing it's amazing look at this look
at that look at that look at that look
look at this oh she is right here look
at that that's a nice my boy
give me five Prady where's Blake let's
see where we're at altitude wise I think
this is like 97 hundred feet shout-out
to Owen in loving memory of Owen best
friend and Avalanche dog I think that
dog died in an avalanche up here trying
to save somebody this cabin is dedicated
to that dog he was trying to save
somebody and got in an avalanche and
died Owen shout-out to Owen an amazing
hike and I got to give Logan credit he
pushed us all the way to the top I am
really proud of Gavin it was we figured
a five and a half to six mile hike and
we gained probably 3,000 feet in
elevation from the bottom to the top so
not an easy climb my son I'm very proud
of him also you guys today I want you to
click on the feeling lucky button we got
to do a collaborator
with the YouTube channel conversations
with my two-year-old if you haven't seen
their channel you gotta go check it out
it's really funny
Avia got to use her acting chops and
it's a really funny video so click on
the feeling lucky button and go check
out our collaboration with conversations
with my two-year-old a via did an
amazing job now she's a singer and an
actress she's doing it all click on
yesterday's vlog and you wanna see what
the Shaytards are doing one two three
four and five years ago today you can
click on those buttons love you guys see
you tomorrow
