hi I'm logging here ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls it is here in lovely
sunny Southern California uh hey guys
last day of VidCon and it is gorgeous
out it is like the perfect reason why
you moved to California flower smell
delicious there's a slight breeze and
the palm trees it is perfect they're
making of hot things is that the
birthday girl is that the birthday girl
right there be happy freakin birthday
today how old are you 24 yes going back
four years old has ever been kissed and
more than 8,000 times for 10:00 a.m.
I'll get off the internet buddy get off
the internet what are you doing you guys
flying back right now good to see you I
gotta go hug Roman you guys I gotta go
mama all right uh this is like bleh on
mommy tart is about to climb Mount
Disneyland
ready baby Carrie look it takes three
people to assemble all the accoutrements
where's Evelyn
hey Gavin gage if you skip those selfie
Hey why is your shirt on dude you should
take the shirt off right what what Oh
should we stop talking and start headed
over to Disneyland okay he's like dad I
don't know what you're talking about
right now but if you're wondering where
Disneyland it's across the street so
let's go here we go let's go to
Disneyland
all right um so do you have six gallons
of sunscreen I'm not getting a thunder
that's
I love that but you look like an albino
you're saying yes giddyup buckaroos
havea can I have some of your 10 pounds
of sunscreen I want to put a little on
my nose a little bit too cute we all
hate happy birth all carry em I know I
just want to carry my don't go tough
haul Carrie okay
okay no seriously give me a little bit
up on my nose sunscreen is very
important people be sure to protect
yourself from the harmful UV damage that
could be possible I don't know just wear
sunscreen um here we find ourselves now
in a brand California hotel it feels
like you're at Hogwarts it is magical
magnificence there are children and
Disneyland's everywhere we are headed to
the magic
actually I just I just something just
dawned on me hey this is the first time
we've been to Disneyland since the
purchase yes
but you know what I can say this now the
last time we were at Disneyland I knew
about the deal
buddy I knew I was still secret I had to
keep it a secret for like weeks I knew
about it and we went to Disneyland and
as every ride I'm just like feel more
meaning is you kidding me I loved every
second of it I'm like this place that
I'm at right now could change my life
did now we're here afterwards and I'm
gonna cry on every ride gonna cry that's
cool this tastes Belton first but here
these are all the passes
that's for shave okay ya hear that shake
okay later check-in lock turn a little
weak right now just talk to me real
quick about what you're gonna bout to
put in your mouth is that Disneyland
Matthew choose your shirt is big
Disneyland mac and cheese with some of
the best mac and cheese all right you
know what you got to do when you come to
Disneyland after they bought your
company and it's your wife's 32nd
birthday you buy five cinnamon rolls
where's the fifth one
oh the birthday girls already locked
into it when we bought capsule wheels
we're all gonna have a bike we have to
eat our salads first and then we can eat
our five cinnamon rolls I can have a
bite of whatever I want whatever it is
it is the Disney girls day there's a
special princess day maybe ankle let's
swim in it you look so cute right now
I'm loving those purple shades
girlfriend and else you won't know some
okay
oh that is so just EVs right now it's
facing yeah nope that's actually I
ordered for orange juices for myself
sorry I was really thirsty
alright what's first ride mommy card has
requested Indiana Jones that's where
we're headed first is that correct sorry
good bite oh hey mom tired honey we got
to go it's her birthday
she's trying to get a lot down today
diet starts tomorrow
thank you I'm just all right my friend
you get down on that that is your
cinnamon roll and I expect you to eat
that entire thing is it good do you like
it yeah me give me a bite it out have
about that cinnamon roll this will this
little fuel rock tarts energy for the
next twelve and a half hours no matter
ready
I've had a cinnamon roll in my day and
that is a good all right mommy tard what
do you think about it
somebody's having a glorious birthday
sing it with me mama - it's your
birthday tomorrow
that the decimal Oh rolled down all
right you guys so because Walt Disney
bought my company I figured I'm gonna
splurge on one thing here today I got a
cool pair of sunglasses no I've never
bought a pair of ray-bans before look as
a leather case
hey we hold this so I can show them
daddy's cool new sunglasses that's real
oh yeah that's real Cal hat from Idaho
anyways read read then check these out
dude
black Ravens but on the inside it's
Mickey Mouse Oh bubbles came out when
you denied it so magical that's how
magical he went planned that that's
really cool see us look look who's that
inside of Daddy's glasses who is that
that's Mickey Mouse do you see him
hey watch now look daddy puts them on
how cool looks ah ha you look so cool
and I'm seeing Mickey and you guys ain't
me and Mickey you're hanging back you
look really cool here by my glasses
I like these I guess they're like a
limited edition or something
I like Disney's special series Mickey
Mouse ray-bans I think we're just leave
that sticker on is that the cool thing
to do I don't think it is to come all
right we just met some viewers at
Disneyland some real cool dudes I like
this shirt we're getting recognized more
hey at this rate band dude look let's
talk very bad I just bought my first
pair that me like them owed you got
Disney got Mickey Mouse Mickey ones good
to see you guys thanks for watching our
video
all right now we're going on the Haunted
Mansion don't tell anybody
don't you tell anybody either man take a
picture here come on over
Kevin's like yeah look I'll take a
picture you go
okay okay no ahead to do that home to
DES this is what my favorite rides
actually remember casing your kids who
sit on the bench and it's like there's
ghosts next to you we'd be like who's
Joe's grandpa we're talking grandpa
Eugene oh that makes me sad reminiscent
love your Grandpa's love your grandpa
love you grandma one day Cecily having
kids really carrying around today right
Mumia grandma one day you're gonna make
all these babies were eventually gonna
have babies of their own not today
no you're only birthday pretty
everywhere a 32 year old mother of five
looks like she is 15 how did I get luck
so lucky and to me that she's in the 15
year olds away you really switch that
I'll be doing in their case well I was
wondering the same things I was know
what I was talking about alternate
complement I trying to be sweet oh my
Hannah Montana
alright so you guys remember that couple
that got proposed to you guys still
you're still down with all that oh yeah
after all that screaming and hooting and
hollering you're still in love yeah all
right well we just saw him outside the
Haunted Mansion we decided to say hi
these guys were in the running club last
year and then they got married at our
meetup right okay congratulations
there's your present later all right see
you guys he's scared yeah you don't like
the Haunted Mansion Brock did not like
the scary haunted mansion we got off he
told the lady it was like getting us off
the line because I do not like that rock
it's just fun buddy is not scary
just fun okay what right do you want
anyone you can pick the next one okay Oh
Winnie the Pooh like let's go to the
Winnie the Pooh right can you throw us a
dinner roll we're so hungry you got to
throw a good though we've been on this
boat for three days they were ready a
roll a steak better shut up you're gonna
get kicked off this ride all right how's
it going everybody just a little update
to our lives we are headed to Splash
Mountain beautiful flowery most
beautiful floors it's mama dog's
birthday when we going where we doing
who's the who's a huge electric splash
mountain on colette birthday happy
birthday a splashdown flood has not been
on Splash Mountain I have a man
for really long - I don't like things
that go like that yeah you're gonna
freak I'm gonna make faces I'm gonna be
like a she's a birthday girl through
special blue how does it feel being here
Disneyland
feel special every time I miss ya you
are hot back on stroller okay cuz I
would keep it dry someone remember
yourself no dude we were past the point
of no return you're bringing it with us
I need something I'm gonna need
something to wrap my camera in so give
me that we'll try out a promise I can
make you a dad in times when you go down
like this is n yeah I'm put my camera in
there yes okay here we go
all right Ches Ches oh oh there they go
tumbling and get a scarer good luck you
guys
is it the back babe they're all water
sinks you get old what is which one's
the worst
that's the worst hey guys you know the
back is the best I think the least
wettest all right so we're in line
what's your name Alex Alex tell us what
you did Alex
so recently princess word
she got a song in iTunes I was like oh
my gosh song so I had a good and
download yeah I told the whole food
you're great at marketing for the
Shaytards tell them links below links
below did you like the song you get your
money's worth you want a refund
it should have been like 1:29 that's all
you're awesome take we have that extra
30 cents actually thank you thanks for
supporting us and downloading the song
maybe did you tell her things you
actually bought us half of a churro
today so thank you really
all right cut to three hours later we're
still in line hey you know these guys
playing heads up all right come on you
guys show them - hey go
Hercules yeah I'm gonna make team chairs
a friend the world little not the King
of Spades but the she prays plays
croquet with Alice in Wonderland and
she's like oh yeah playing with it
who is it
leader partner no okay Hercules dad Zeus
yep either play that when we come to
Disney line we see people clean that a
lot in the line these pass the phone
right oh yeah I've covered the last
couple times I've seen people playing it
is that everyone guys all right we're
all lined up ready go on Splash Mountain
scared
over here yeah yeah all right you guys
ready yeah up on splash whoa she
wasn't scared because she she wanted to
be the driest and then we hold a boat
holed up in the sax you camera into
the water
there's the briar patch right where
people come down the mountain as I
scream scream for bloody murder you know
what I'm saying
there we go going in I like it it's
always at the golden hour that we come
here all right into the night Jen go
into the noise here we go they tricky
out because I'm taking this really steep
thing and the drop is yeah now it's gone
it's a hurry Malik Henry yeah Jimmy did
you say that you're right Emmy what you
say you guys look beautiful
some magical day hey guys look princess
earth up there vlogging here why don't
you really block here grab the camera so
I'm what you're feeling there you go
okay so we're bouncing
okay hi babe I feel very blessed such a
gorgeous beautiful day here on your
birthday VidCon 2014 is coming to a
close not a better way to do it
don't forget to blow things out what
we're doing
Robert it is any pose like this with
your fingers out can you do this in
photos both you do those end points do
it let's practice it you do it real
quick here we go that's not even the big
one yet that's not even the big one okay
now we go into the fun land get the
rabbit
Oh
it's awesome that was awesome he's
soaking wet time go get a camera okay
you can splash each other just don't
lose a finger look at its nature Oh
that LaVon
yeah that's so refreshing all right so
we just reviewed the footage of what
baby turns face looks like going down
Splash Mountain can you give me a
reenactment
what was it like it's pretty good that
is pretty good
are you scared he's good yeah dad
alright now we're in a log jam McKinnon
Casey I'm gonna log jam we've been stuck
here this waterfall for probably like
five minutes or just John how I going to
get in it's our swimming around here any
second they better get this thing going
through what my kids are going to be in
the water
all right it's finally happening your
lady here right mami Tariq seriously for
some reason or other every time we come
to any other and not open ticket Brooke
that's us
hi order 335i I love you so we are going
on at the energized Famitsu my favorite
ride
look at these guys they're skipping
follow the yellow brick road follow the
yellow brick road mommy and her
daughters are going to follow the yellow
brick road I just hear the stars
aniseeds through the forest alright so
here we are at the Indiana Jones ride as
we're as a Bahia China
Macy's on the road is on remember even
going on this ride babe how does it feel
now to be here since we gotta go we
gotta go it feels just cool to be a part
of the story of Disney and
a small part of the Disney story with
them buying maker studios feels cool
just awesome how would you feel out
would you expect how does it feel now to
be here after the whole is the
acquisition oh could you think about
that yeah all right gotta get supplies
before we go on our journey
they scared no scared guys scared you're
so brave guys ready for this guys go to
VidCon it was awesome
ok we'll see on the rise alright here
comes our cards time to get on all right
you ready there we go about Joe
Deanna chop-chop Indiana we believe in
you
Ramos guarantee on oh we got to go we
got the treasure Indiana jump you need
Hindi are you okay
in Indiana okay dude what happens now
laughs oh thanks Indiana
all right Indiana Jones what you think
that was Jeb last baby card I can't go
the whole time every time it's a time
giggle crappie and keeping her hand she
was scared
hi I like a shirt sure that's the
coolest thing a whole big thing of
balloons I want to be the person that
holds the balloons you got a cool job to
hold all the balloons oh that's
beautiful
not pretty boy let's go all right we're
leaving Disneyland Drive had a blast
just a short little quick trip hi guys
my name is you I'll be needing you
today but my special Tony come on crazy
come on crazy zombie boy everybody has
to be a zombie alright yeah alright all
of a sudden we're in a very quiet fancy
place where we're not to eat out here on
the balcony by the swing all right what
do you do after a long day of being at
Disneyland you put your feet in the
water at the pool where there's about 15
teenage kids playing around or we're
ordering dinner no guys we were waiting
for our appetizers we're ordering dinner
sitting right next to the swimming pool
and so we decided to come out here and
put our feet in the water
come on boys no you have to eat first
and asleep you can mine our nachos are
coming alright it must be time to have
some dinner because it's time for mom
how's your idea there virgin what does
that mean
they don't have alcohol in them birthday
girl sippin pina coladas wow she
breastfeed the baby it's true how I hope
that any of you that really was an
alcoholic margarita that is white trash
breastfeed my baby law birthday to you
you beautiful lovely woman I love you
happy birthday thanks guys happy
birthday mama happy birthday mama
yes Tea Party mama it's a very nice
night which is our devoured all that
food it is done don't wait too much fun
to drunk monster says monster drunk
monster cake monster don't buy to that
alright we're back at the apartment it's
midnight Sunday we fly out tomorrow
Carly cleaned the apartment what's that
on the bed open up the coolest mom kicks
happy birthday Chloe love open um let's
see she got some shoes No happy birthday
how are you that's mom kicks kick kick
thanks partly that was sweet oh I want
to go back to Idaho now it's time to
walk idle hard good night happy birthday
love you cool kicks there's no place
like Idaho okay thank you uh-oh cakes
yeah yeah yeah yeah gonna cool kicks
table kicks I like oh good
when you shop on us all there's not
telling if they'll buy maker studios
happy I don't know I happy when it was
cool being at Disneyland we love it
we've always loved it for you know ever
since we've had kids who doesn't love
Disneyland it was just really cool being
there after they bought maker studios
and just feeling like a little little
little small part of the Disney story
love you guys thanks for watching click
on yesterday's blog click on that feelin
lucky button
come on suits trade cards are doing one
two three four five years ago you know
what to do love you guys can we kiss can
kiss see you tomorrow
