okay hello welcome to our day we're
getting our hair cut from VidCon before
wait turn or look at me cute before look
at me all right let's go get it cut look
at what well-behaved children I have
don't crowd you guys I like your shark
shirt bro ready get your haircut you
need a haircut don't you yeah get the
face cut off see that I put that over
your face to get your face cut off your
bangs are fine they're so wispy those
are the wispy as things i've ever wished
all right dude you ready you look so
handsome
okay good
come here dude you like it dude are you
like a young Macklemore what is up turn
around
you like the handsomest kid I've ever
seen yeah yeah you look good love it
what do you guys think you agree huh you
guys like these haircuts did you look
good he looks very cool right through
your hair like I don't put it out on
looks sleep all right it's daddy's turn
you have a special babysitter hello
thanks for taking care of him I love
this is my favorite part
it's definitely not hard to pass him off
whenever I come like oh no two books
Leslie
oh no she's not here what just pass them
on to somebody else he gets passed
around all day it's so much fun so we're
shooting today with moms the episode
with convos with my two-year-old huh
we've got Leila and Debbie I'm super
excited to talk to you then and I'm
actually the host today which I'm sort
of terrified a little bit because it's
been a while usually I'm like huh sit
back let Shahrzad do all the work you
time in a few times but yeah I gotta get
my vocal cords over today
okay so I'm just filming with someone
special today Souter was killed was
having a baby would it do what ideas
what are they in there dude
well this is just an arm show oh baby
will it's an honor to meet you so now
tell me of me as well because Oh
everybody loves everybody loves new you
know it I got the greasiest dreads never
seen the Gracie's dreads I love it when
you walk by I was like what what what
and snooping around it amazing I think
you have a new look a new look how are
you guys didn't even know did you all
right we just finished getting haircuts
now we are getting the band cleaning
this pretty much I like when he's just
sleeping peacefully like that then I can
reach down and steal kisses but he can't
tell me know
looks very handsome in his haircut I
like him
okay that's a wrap we were gonna film
some flip books but it didn't quite work
out so we're heading home and then we're
going to get on the road go to VidCon
are you ready he waited for me I love
you thank you for waiting for me you
have the best aunt ever dad you didn't
miss a beat you got car seats down that
means you need another baby
it's good for me to stay like in
practice because you forget you don't
want to be do you try to put it in
earlier and he was facing the wrong ass
if it's the baby's gotta go just fixing
for the things you learn all right here
we go headed to the fifth annual VidCon
I just hate held Ali listen drills Ali
that was a good one
I ate tailed Alan asked her if there was
a buzz because she's there at the
convention center like it's the Anaheim
Convention Center buzz going on is the
VidCon you know yeah I'm trying to say
thank you so she goes hold on I'll try
to get some people to yell at you I'm
trying to see him I think she's gonna
get a bunch of people to say hey Shane :
yeah I totally was thinking that no she
did liar I just make your joke better
for you anyways we're headed Anaheim
right now excited to meet you guys if
you're gonna be there if you're not
gonna be there that sucks yo you wanna
come to the big car bro I miss you
jokester
we have one stop to make first though
yeah mommy tarts been craving a little
chick hide much somebody's happy
somebody is happy drink so much honey
mustard I mean I will eat it like people
has been craving chick-fil-a forever got
the chick-fil-a baby and the air took
the play baby like you don't don't care
right chick-fil-a then VidCon well they
haven't killed us yet what if we don't
like the service listen you come and
check play might tell you the very best
thing about a chick-fil-a sandwich it's
the very best thing
okay not the honey mustard I totally
messed up it's their signature sauces
what I love in this little boy I love it
- hey hey hi
are you excited you can't have a chicken
sandwich yet but you can have some soup
here we are ladies and gentlemen at the
Anaheim Convention Center for the fifth
annual VidCon staying at the Hilton very
exciting yes very exciting indeed
all right so we just pulled in and
everybody started waving at us
and I'm like everybody duck and rock
Douglas daddy they're saying hi oh my
gosh you're vlogging and driving I'm
Park oh hi Ally I told you I needed 48
salt shakers and 22 pepper shakers what
is this wait what oh here's the other
ones all right never mind Ally thank you
okay I've got that all of these sugar
packets better be here oh hey do you
need me salt for those french fries this
one oh yeah I put it right here where
whoa this is no this is it yep found it
this oh oh okay
oh it was like where's it right here
that's it found it
oh those fries are gonna be so good and
seen us we're checked in at VidCon and
this is our suite which is sweet double
SW eet wait how do you spell sweet like
like rad no this is the su ite but it's
SW eet not ei cuz that's sweat
sweeter than my chick-fil-a chicken
night apparently they didn't realize
we're checking in because they've left a
lot of salt and pepper here so he called
down they're like oh sorry we're gonna
come get it out right now but I think we
should hurry and flavor as much of our
food as we can sorry John and Hank we're
still in all the hot chocolate at the
Anaheim Convention Center I'm sore here
we're checked in
VidCon hooked us up fat because we have
800 children so we have this room we
have the salt and pepper sweet is what
we're gonna call it not talking about
the famous urban female rap duo salt and
pepper then we have bro tizzle we're all
here in our hotel rooms and we're
excited to be at VidCon already took
some selfies from our inside of our van
as we were pulling in so we're excited
to be here alright so I mean I see what
VidCon does to you huh we're here the
first night we're playing strip poker an
appropriate bro tard what did I tell you
there's no strip poker at VidCon every
single year I know you win the
tournament but we've banned you from
this location sir
you know then like imagine if you guys
who played strip club at VidCon that's
okay can only look at the cards once Oh
No Road card has it here it is dead you
get this card this one that's when
you're talking about alright who's
having a good time me seven here's our
adopted daughter
hey is that John Green hang on John
I heard he just like browse the halls of
VidCon you guys so watch out if you see
a ninja a guy in the ninja suit stop hey
what are you doing hey Brad Pitt get
that hairdo he's a handsome little
middle
we got a pin
okay do you like that pen HGTV huh your
art you are quite the sellout well well
you got what is this hey Ali oh my bad
sorry bro I don't mean to steal your
t-shirt token let me see that do they
give these out where you get a free
t-shirt oh cool no I don't know I guess
so yeah who does that like any shirt any
youtuber shirt knows me from the VidCon
issue they should do any youtuber shirt
of your decision what you've got a bar
assault do it oh man that's embarrassing
wait hold on I think when you tell us on
tard the reason they put a bar soap into
your bag is cuz I wanted you to take a
shower I showered no this is true John
and Hank Green's mom actually makes this
I guess you're the most loved you know
why it's cuz you're a reader John and
Hank appreciate readers amen
nerdfighter right there uh you guys go
buy some soap right now delicious you
can eat it it's edible right why
wouldn't they invent something that
continued and I don't know do not eat it
that is bad thou's I'm getting into sued
by John and Hanks mom for promoting soap
eating if your kids talk though that's
what it's for that's what it's for no
swearing at VidCon it's a metaphor right
I will wash all of your mouths out with
John and Hank Green's mom's bar soap
if you don't not cuss back to the strip
poker game all right
give me a hand I'm gonna win this game
okay let's reveal let's see let's see
princess cards time to flip sorry we had
to do a three minute blog clip before
you can finish your game pro turn still
sit here okay so if you know how to play
this game Kings are 0 Queens are gonna
come down here and I can tell you to
shut your mouth okay two queens zero
King is a zero no I'm just not did you
cheat that's where those cheating
moments don't dude I will use that bar
soap on you right now you promise you to
achieve yes scouts honour
I'm guilty okay we need to have a trial
judge Butler will you
please I don't know so he has but I
don't think that who would cheat again
did you cheese no be honest look at us
in the eye look your mother in the eye
right now I did I swear don't swear I
told you not get that self before
all right if you want you on dude good
job we will take your word for it right
remember your handshake means you have
fun okay good job
sometimes that happens where it's like
towards the end of the game and you just
kind of go kamikaze on the game of golf
and you're like I don't know what I have
I'm just gonna knock and hope that my
cards are better than everybody else's
it's kind of annoying sometimes because
ever is like oh come on but sometimes
it's good strategy this is actually
really hilarious
just gotta get you know you got you kind
of figure out your itinerary for
tomorrow you don't want to miss the
panel huh he's like dad this is my fifth
VidCon you gotta have your itinerary
lined out or you're not gonna know what
to do I just came over here and he's
like dad this is my stuff so he's like
going through the VidCon bag and laying
out all the stuff like you know you
wouldn't on Christmas morning and of
course like I said he's figuring out all
the tips and tricks at VidCon 2014
because he wants to be prepared and be
have most IDI take advantage full
advantage of this experience right you
don't want to miss a thing you better be
at the Shaytards booth you don't get the
Shaytards mini-green well you're a big
trouble you're the star of the show you
got it you got it buster Rooney huh okay
we're going to bed I know pounding okay
so listen this is not bad because
remember that one VidCon wanted the
security guard came twice in one night
he's only come once tonight
so that's optimism yeah yes yes I was
joking about before but security indeed
just did show up to tell us to shut up
so the take the Shaytards need to shut
the hell up or get the hell out all
right
it's probably my fault okay yeah oh crap
dang it children and his mom so crap and
the Shaytards are back did you guys miss
us we missed you thank you so much for
being patient it was so stressful for me
not to be able to get up a vlog that's
how I know that I love doing this
because whenever I can't because it's
bad Hotel internet or you know we're at
a convention with 20,000 other people
it's it makes me anxious I'm like ah she
kept pointing the vlog right now anyways
we are back and trust me I got a lot of
great footage tomorrow's vlog is gonna
be a huge one over 30 minutes a lot of
fun VidCon footage you guys can check
out we had a blast met so many of you
took thousands of pictures did some
secret handshakes it was so much fun we
loved it every year the fifth annual
VidCon if you haven't ever come make
plans right now get ready to come to
next year's it's so much fun all right
love you guys click on yesterday's vlog
which was a couple days ago feeling
lucky button one two three four and five
and there are brand new shake Carl's
shirts and hats up I will leave a link
below a lot of you guys got a sneak peek
and bought those at VidCon so thank you
guys so much for your support
it is overwhelming every year after
we're done with VidCon we just remember
why we do this because we get to see all
of your faces and I'm very very excited
for you guys to meet Molly tomorrow you
will see that vlog and why will we we
will be doing everyday vlogs in July so
daily vlogs are back you guys thanks to
Molly you'll meet her tomorrow okay love
you guys
