what's up everybody this is the
Shaytards vlog and no you are not in the
wrong spot I have taken over and my
co-host my very most favorite person the
whole world we're having a girls night
out on the balcony we miss everybody and
okay but for reals we have we have two
things to tell you we have good news and
we have I don't know what to do with my
hands
I'm on the Shaytards way no quizzes no
only you guys out there with like can
you help us give up a vlog today we're
busy working our butts off at VidCon and
Stephen are like seriously the place is
amazing
he's like be funny and loud and Q and
adorable funny laude seriously
shangela and the kids if you guys don't
know it's VidCon 2014 in Anaheim and
they literally are slammed with all of
you amazing this of people just they
have meetups they have panels they have
performances they have their music
videos are performing miss Ava and Danny
you guys did so great
check it out on iTunes it's like
Shaytards mania over there crazy and
they need like armed guards just because
your guys are so wonderful and if
somebody is there please please please
bring the veggies please bring me back a
shaycarl shirt I want the one where he's
throwing up the rainbow
or a hot with pink we can get those you
know we can buy them out on the matrix
you think you Lukas up do you know
somebody I mean I guess I
but isn't good word anyway so we have
two good things to tell you
two good thing no we have one bad thing
one bad one good what's the good news or
the bad news first you can do did you
have us instead of shame client isn't
that so much better
who doesn't get better Oh Taylor stop oh
my my girlfriend's right here it's
Taylor get off of me yours we are never
getting back together
ever ever ever
you're such a ham your is in shape
anyways okay two good things no two good
things I'm here here's the other good
thing first and foremost we kind of have
some bad news but then we're gonna
follow up with the best use that you've
ever heard of your whole life the bad
news is unfortunately shanku let's
internet is super slow at the hotel and
because they are so busy they won't be
uploading videos for the rest of their
lives he actually had to send that
message to us through Morse code because
the Internet they are so bad barely
getting bring it to us on a lot of horse
Pony Express yeah it was really crazy it
got Taylor Swift brought it to us yeah
and then she was like a cardboard
version no should Mimi get awkward you
just standing there she's a little over
a dress for a little fun vacation
no they're they can't upload though for
the rest of the week because they are so
busy they're doing a ton of stuff but
the good news is one tell good news good
news is yes this is great news lots I've
lots of thumbs up for this guys because
starting July 1st Shaytards will be
blogging don't tell them yet if you
think you know what we're about to say
you leave it in the comments below
dun dun dun let's give them an awkward
posture offered long I stir
okay so starting July first what Steven
what's gonna happen the Shaytards will
be blogging every day for the full month
of July do you know why it's all because
of one special amazing young girl and
you guys need to go gave her tons of
love on Twitter because if it wasn't for
her they would not be doing this I mean
I'm talking a virtual virtual reality
hug and crazy love from the Shaytards
this is specifically coming from Shay
he wants you guys to go and just shower
her with and tweet me just telling her
telling her how much we support her and
and everything she's going through she's
going through a battle right now and her
she used her wish on meeting the
Shaytards family so I know Shh our
nation we can all pull together and give
her all of our love support prayers but
everybody get a pen and paper go write
this down if you're watching this on
your phone pause but don't pause because
you need to follow this girl on Twitter
I don't know how you're going to take
this information but take it follow Mali
capital M o l ly capital M o LS ta r105
so it's Molly Moll star but Moll stars
with the O 105 and her icon is a egg
with a purples background but my mind is
backwards you thought it was a purple
egg
like pebble a let's just Easter which is
still eats what I wouldn't do that yeah
so anyways everyone go tell her we love
her go tell her thank you if it wasn't
for her specifically
shanku let have committed to uploading
it every single day come July first and
are you guys so sad that it's not us
that's gonna be uploading every single
day by the way I'm Carly Stiles I'm Shay
sister and this is for you i'm steve
cook no one just here to give moral
support to everyone but honestly this is
one of the coolest things i've heard
about in a long time so this girl hers
you know follower along her her stories
very inspirational and you know she
needs all the love we give her so it
works so we love you guys thanks for
being so great to my brother in my
family it really means a lot just being
there for a little bit today I've been
con and hugging and getting to chat with
some of you've traveled a really long
ways that means a lot to our family Jen
just from an outsider you know I can say
this from someone's not an immediate
part of the family just looking at how
much love is is felt you people crying
and people being there and friends being
made over the Shaytards to me it's like
the coolest thing in the world then and
I think that you know Shea's has
expressed that to how lucky every day we
talk to him it's just he knows he has
the coolest job in the world he has the
coolest coolest people and surrounding
him and we love you guys we're grateful
to be a small part of the whole equation
so thanks everybody please go to be her
we'll leave all the information in the
description box below
she'd appreciate it first happened I
mean I'll be you and me girlfriend 22
forever seriously I'm so sick of it get
your hand off my hiney Taylor set her up
on the beach and see if people really
think it's her or like put her up on the
balcony and they'll see
anyways we love you guys make sure you
leave comments below check out our
channels while you're at it I mean you
might as well Carly Stiles 1zc Club
underscore 3200 turn nation we love you
Shane let me show you I love you I hope
you don't hit this log give him a little
test
yeah tardes che toward che Turks go
Shaytards
