seriously we're just trying to figure to
have your friend over she better be
really right here we are back in Los
Angeles look at those blue skies it's
funny being here this time we were
talking about that yesterday a little
bit but it just feels exciting you get
why people move here it's really very
pleasant the weather is nice you know
people dress up nice I don't know it's
just there's a buzz or something I'm
it's I think I like it better not living
here honestly I appreciate it more I
think this moved Idaho I think is gonna
be awesome for us because we're gonna
have the best of both worlds you know
living in Idaho having the space being
able to like go up in the mountains and
hit your hand on the window stuff like
that stuff you really just want to do
just want to hit you that's why that's
why we moved to Idaho okay I don't want
to tell you guys but I love punching
windows and you can do that night at
home what anyways it's cool to kind of
like see both sides of it's like I can
be riding my motorcycle with my dog in
the mountains this morning and then I
can be at a business meeting in LA you
know it's I like the both ways it's fun
we're bicoastal kind of because Idaho is
not on the coast anyways I'm headed home
just got done at the YouTube space Los
Angeles given a presentation
I should have vlog there's nothing worse
than wishing you would have have logged
a moment and you're like I should have
logged that was a white up anyway so now
I'm headed home and I told the kids I'm
gonna take him swimming so I stopped to
get a juice cuz I'm so LA when you in LA
you gotta get a green juice sword that
has all them stuffs plus I wanna be a
fat slob for VidCon and I was watching I
think was last year when we running out
on stage filming for vlogging mentary
and I was a lot thinner more than
anything more than like not feeling like
I'm fat is like I just I need to be in
shape I need to get in shape for the
Gran Fondo just coming up hundred mile
bike race and then the marathon in New
York in November I'm doing that come
hell or high water I don't know what
that means if there's high water will
swim the marathon
okay so headed home take the kids
swimming got to get in shape trying to
stay clean get the body tight and toned
I saw a dude running I pulled up to the
YouTube space la
the stood was running I felt jealous I
was like man I wish I was running right
now like I just gotta get back into it
you know it's like you have an exercise
it's the cardio I got been lifting
weights but doing the cardio I really
really burned myself out when I did that
st. George marathon so it's been hard
for me to get back into it but I see
people running and I remember this love
that I had coz running sucks we all know
running sucks but there's some times
when you get that there's that runners
win that second win and you get in this
you're thinking about stuff and you're
figuring out parts of your life that you
never knew you can figure out while
you're running it's like you kind of get
this they like you're floating you like
it doesn't even feel painful and you
feel like you're accomplishing so much
and I miss that feeling I feeling like
the competitiveness of trying to qualify
for the Boston Marathon
I think messed up my love of running
because I was always looking at my times
my splits per mile like oh I gotta be
under this you know to qualify for this
so like I lost the excitement of it I
just want to do that again I just want
to like run cuz it's fun you know
anyways go riding a drink at Granger's
okey-dokey you can do get school
swimming excuse me
where do you think you're going huh
always going swimming are we on vacation
right now it's looking family going
swimming his mom and two are looking hot
dang girl
most women this is fun I'm excited
though what swimming he's ready
it's a beautiful day sunny Southern
California all right let's go I just
want to look at mommy's heart more
sometimes I think this pools ready to be
swam in yes sir indeed I think it is all
right it's that time again time to
lather the baby it's time to lather the
dragon and that may be a little too much
yeah what are you guys gonna roll them
in sugar after this jeez yeah you're
like a Butterball turkey look at him it
just I in the pool like this I mean
these chicks are done oiling me up I'm
gonna do a triple axel into that deep
end
so you're thinking bro exactly like 800
hands rubbing on now to top it all off
you get the Hat of alligator hat an
alligator head it gets an alligator head
to go swimming
the pole shit this stupid hat off of me
I'm diving in
oh yeah that was a good one that's a
good one
okay we got a special present for you
guys as like wow okay close your eyes
okay we're right here oh then right here
sit right here
I'll sit right here do not peek okay you
promise okay yeah if you peek I'm not
gonna give this to you more take it away
okay
a few pker in big trouble I'm gonna
count to three and then you can open
your eyes you ready one two open him
these guys are like that's lame yeah
Taylor Swift scented over she couldn't
be here so she's just wanted to send
this over to remind you to download her
new hit single no just good oh crap oh
crap laughs okay yeah you just sit right
there um crazy crazy story we were out
and we saw some shades our viewers who
bring this to us
from New Orleans so how do you say New
Orleans
I think it's New Orleans Orleans from
nollans
new aliens uh what do you guys think
they brought you a life-sized hey you
got a share there's plenty of Taylor
Swift to go around okay in both of yours
you can share hey actually what are we
left her here she's just like our la you
know Taylor Swift she hung out here in
the apartment
she's like tearing off the deck pull off
Oh what don't look yeah I want to see
what it says you brought quick is
intense this kind of creepy hey Taylor
no okay careful don't bend it be careful
let me see Taylor come here Taylor
welcome to the family Taylor we hope you
enjoy it and happy have a good time and
you know feel comfortable all right well
here you guys can fight over Taylor
Swift stand next to her here let me let
me get a picture with you guys standing
next to her okay that's the Larry yeah
yeah me too
dude it looks kind of real actually
that's funny coming to the sports Shalit
what a welcome what a welcome
the peach better smaller size probably I
think Steve cooked me wearing that shirt
I think I saw so we're here to get some
stuff for VidCon and I love the
selection here they've got a lot of cool
stuff I get a lot of my billabong know
I'm a Vulcan stuff a lot of just cool
stuff we're getting some bill uh I'm
gonna bitcoin outfits I like that one
okay Rob charge saw something over here
he wanted to come and look at what did
you see dude what is it
well what kind of whale come back what
kind is that what's it called we know
it's a killer whale you want to get the
killer whale no just look at okay I have
to go see if sudden it's on her train
shorts on check Jane oh right forgot
yawn that's why we came over here in the
first place
okay can you touch it yeah you touch it
did you get it just touch it I'm sorry
we don't need killer whales right now
let's see I like those turn around how
they feel um how do they dance though do
they dance okay let's see haven't seen
the worm in a while I look like a lot
more a floor humping than the worm I
think you like those yeah
sure on me ceilings here but it's good
flip around
give me the flipper drone gee nice sport
in the USA World Cup shirt okay let's go
look at the other ones let's leave come
on baby charge go that way Megan baby
hard carry the bag this is tickets her
all right everybody got something we got
shorts for son cards from shirts for me
some sandals for the girls mom got some
pants everybody got a few trinkets in
there mom got a jacket we've got some
outfits for VidCon that's we always do
our shopping at playlist live in VidCon
let's go baby tard you're proving
worthless to me that can't handle it I
got it
Santa we'll throw it over his shoulder
all right now we're headed we have to do
a Skype call a via we're doing a Skype
call for a TV show called right this
minute on we have to get home right this
minute all right you guys the kids
paleontologists didn't fit that's it all
right so there's this toy they got
basically a dinosaur comes in a brick of
like mud and they have two
paleontologists their way into it and
get all the bones out at the head yeah
okay yeah you have to put it apart so
now you can have to go wash it Rob still
have to get this they're looking that's
kind of cool look the claw look at it
Proctor look the craw the claw that's
law it's gonna get you the claw all
right good job keep digging you guys
have fun
yeah Jurassic Park oh that's I'm not
sure how that's pal paleontologists do
it
you have to be patient you have to take
it intricate detail by detail see these
can you go wash out the bathtub wash in
the bathtub okay
first unfold the bathtub and then you
clean them off and then you put all the
dinosaur together okay all right so we
just did an interview with right this
minute about Princess hard song dad
being the interview went was awesome I
am not sure when it'll come out I'll let
you guys know but it's pretty good
interview it might be on TV yeah I think
it's on TV and the Internet but more
importantly okay just watch we built it
yeah we like it Tyrannosaurus Rex
that was cool to it there was like this
big clump of clay that by the way you
have to go nope go out here you need to
clean up here's the clump of clay they
had to dig through and it took him a
while and they used some tools like
screwdrivers and stuff they used hammers
they got all the bones out they got all
the bones out and I had to clean it off
really good then put it together and now
he's got a t-rex that cool down yes
all right baby card family plays she
wants to go look for stuff did you find
something
she's kind of like me she can browse all
day long
she will not leave until somebody makes
her baby and you also have a tendency to
pick things that are too small for you
she's like she's smaller than she is I
think probably try them on for the two
times out of the year that I like to go
shopping is for playlist live in bit
corny okay
she likes for shopping too weirdos okay
dude you're amazing can you seriously
walked in the store picked out one pair
of shoes try them on and we walk out
you're just like your dad you just know
what you want you can get it it's not
fair I can't be that way I try I try the
problem is I like everything like whoo
look at this look at that it's really
difficult for me and maybe chard has the
same problem remember how we just said
you have eleven hundred pairs of shoes
yeah hey I guess I fix do you know what
I kind of think it's cute because she
has been a shoe queen ever since she was
tiny tiny she loved she was always
gravitated towards shoes and she's still
the same way we have not picked out any
of her outfits and all she wants to buy
a shoe so she may go to VidCon in just
shoes interesting do you find something
that's not shoes yet
no but she's rolling her eyes at me
girls all right
good job you're doing a great job okay
we did it we bought all the crap that we
needed to for VidCon I hope I hope we
don't get home and be like oh no we
still need this I think that we will be
sufficiently close this weekend right
kids yes you better carry those you
better carry those that all the money we
just spent and we just met Amy who works
at Target and she knew us and she needed
about any two so hi Tammy no I mean the
other end that we just met
did you realize running with Emmy Nicole
she's felt a little bit differently her
done with attitude so hi Emmy thanks for
watching our pals and we'll see you guys
at VidCon all right these guys are back
got some shoes these VidCon shoes like
um oh come in here busted yeah are you
gonna do the dishes while I write here
you're just gonna stand here like you
own the place
mmm-hmm you're so cute you can't mess up
seriously we're just trying to figure to
have your friend over she better be able
to get in there and get some stuff done
seriously that's right perfect sequins
and it smells all crap whatever you do
the laundry Taylor look who's here it's
uncle drippy say hey he's out rocked our
rock drop wake up and say hi uncle
Charles not happening I feel like that's
a compliment
honey look what he did he fell on a
skateboard fell on the skateboard
so always listen to your parents with
skateboarding the zero down a hill nope
not a hill you go down a hill but you
have to wear elbow pads and a helmet
nope nope cuz that was amputated and
side protectors aula find another place
his butt kicked yeah I really did I
learned that when falling down a hill
you don't want to skid you want to
tumble roll right always want to roll
you know rip that skin right off your
body Charles is on Warped Tour right now
so they just perform Ventura insurer and
now there you go then we're to play
Anaheim at VidCon yeah Friday what's up
what's up schedule you can't keep track
he's all over the fridge oh is Europe
warped totally playing VidCon Friday and
I'm there Friday and so will we be
clutz at not play it's not you living in
your red sweater oh my gosh that's not
even something that she planned she just
wears that all the time it's just a
comfortable sweater SS you get my senior
check about the links below honestly
that's funny that you always wear that
and now the king of the CTFxC nation is
here this is total funny I just realized
that yeah and we're promoting Charles
merchandise yeah those are my stickers
thank you thank you oh that's so pretty
in pink man it's good to see my old
buddy Charles Trippy we have been
friends for about six years he was one
of those first dudes that like went from
being my internet friends quote-unquote
to he's actually just like one of my
best friends I have you know it's that
it's a different world we live in today
as far as like you know people used to
say oh you've met somebody on the
internet that's weird
now it's like my internet friends are my
real life friends do you have any quote
unquote internet friends that are
actually now just your real life friends
I'm talking about in the comments below
speaking of merchandise check out
Charles merchandise she has no I lab
wearing his shirts also we have some new
shaycarl hats coming out I'm really
excited about these ones it's a hat that
I'm gonna wear myself because I love it
so it is not rodeo arcade anymore you
guys if you wanted to get some shaycarl
shaytards merchandise it's maker shop
they just changed it I'll put a link
right there below it's the top one over
the fold in the description you can
click it stay tuned so those have to be
coming soon ish and you get some socks
there okay love you guys
we're headed to VidCon tonight and we're
excited to see everybody there click on
yesterday's vlog the feeling lucky
button you know how this goes one two
three four five see you tomorrow
