got a little too excited there your help
is here dad I'm driving grab that and
tell me what we're doing announce we're
headed Idaho Falls today and apparently
I'm not doing something right
oh hi guys because I'm vlogging this
right it happens this right version I'm
not sure okay to be driving not directly
in the video okay
we're headed a bit got everybody here we
come and I'm California my parents
aren't coming they're just taking me
though I'm the driver
that's my limo driver that's driving the
car back all right listen up you hear
like so Ted I'm not even her dad no I
don't say bye to Grandma I'll see you in
a week grandma happening Kelly please
see in a week we're going to California
we just got to Idaho we're headed back
Gavin did his hair just for everyone so
cute so handsome
well there's a lot different atmosphere
about this Airport in Idaho than there
is in LA we are the only ones decision
are we having a picnic in the airport a
picnic in the airport all rights are
about to get on our flight right now and
then we're headed to Los Angeles we're
excited to be at VidCon this is our
fourth VidCon or fifth because realized
that rock art has been to every single
VidCon Oh sing about this the other day
if VidCon continues on and rock card
continues on going to every single
VidCon he has the potential to be the
longest attendee of VidCon ever because
he was there as a baby as I get to month
old and this would be his fourth VidCon
and he has four years old rock dirt do
you realize that you've been to every
single VidCon yeah and you're only four
years old and you eat the cheese off a
plate on the airport floor Aaron looks
like
yeah bro you guys have all been to every
VidCon - no no they haven't that's the
thing because we only took Rock chart -
the first one yeah you guys didn't go to
the first one because we didn't know
what if people were gonna stab us or not
so we didn't take you we only took
rocked hard cuz we don't like him as
much we just didn't know we didn't you
know I don't know why did we not take
them to the first one I think because we
had a brand new ZZ I've been hard all of
the kids yeah we just didn't know what
to expect we just took rocked hard cuz
yeah remember it's when we threw him
into the audience yeah that we threw him
into the audience any of you remember
that we had just had Rock Tour he was
like two weeks old and we did this joke
where we pretended to throw him in the
audience I I was backstage and I was
really nervous and I asked John and Hank
green I'm like you guys gonna be funny
if I pretended to throw them they're
like yeah you got to do it so screaming
go sleep okay love you alright we're
about to board
say hi to this guy that's buddy
all right come on quit buggin the game
all right let's see how this little boy
eats a muffin good
a good muffin you give those to her
give those to a prick government give
her all those to Los Angeles please get
em you yeah yeah what do you say thank
you yeah let's go everybody go touch the
plane really oh yeah baby tarde said
that she's gonna hold her heart out
while she touches the plane because she
loves the plane that's sweet okay go
touch it with your airplane an airplane
on an airplane everybody has to come up
with their own unique way of touching
the airplane k-rock cards gonna tackle
it
there he goes up he's dropping all of
our tickets to Los Angeles we go we just
left there a week ago but we're headed
back all right let's see your unit
unique style oh nice double tap elbow
airplane parts what are you gonna do 26
and 27
head touches all right here we go
airplane oh hey look that cool plane
that's why that's a cool plane huh
who have
after pika engine booze
that's it
I
what's up buddy I like your shirt that's
a cool shirt here you go boy
here you go boy Rock trucks playing
airplanes over here you got your
airplane
no wet phone's turned off call me turns
taking it
okay you know what to do right okay go
get them here take this
yeah where we don't
play
we come back
child labor child labor child labor get
it careful I have very important Jordans
in there like gold-encrusted don't break
the gold off my Jordans bro alright
maybe her shirt all up there son turn
over there get in the red bag that's mom
turns bag all right baby charge you're
up next bag is yours are you ready to
tackle this effort okay here we go
alright she's getting warm she's getting
loose here goes her big moment it's not
to come that is her bag that is her
destination we're all rooting for we
believe she can do it she can do it oh
can she get it yeah I got a job it's a
victory she's a champion we all
celebrate these victories together
alright let's head to our apartment now
daddy we backed out for you think is he
says to me we're back in California
that's the first thing he said to the
driver we got in I'm go see Cecily let's
take us to Cecily
that's his babysitter we're coming
Cecily I don't know if the uber has your
address locked into his GPS but we'll
find you alright we checked into our
hotel uh-huh isn't this convenient my
wave dude you guys always gonna get a
picture of me with a surfboard right
here standing next to the wave they take
is that I gotta be hilarious he is
watching Cloudy with a Chance oh we
don't have a zekiel with us maybe we'll
get a California dog no yeah you can
curl up on that tonight okay I'll be
your bed I sleep in there right Here I
am I was in Idaho this morning and now
I'm in Los Angeles at maker studios on
top of a ladder what's going on here hey
princess card were you at Ojai right
we're shooting a video with
conversations is it now with my three
year old is that this technically yeah
she is three you're gonna run into
problems when she gets to be a teenager
or actually this is like an ongoing
thing conversations my 16 year old could
actually be really good it's right yeah
hey how you exploit your kids on YouTube
right that's crazy
hey gotta do it next Wednesday this is
coming out guys gotta go check this out
it's gonna be really funny on their
channel I'll leave a link below so it
feels weird to be here actually because
you know we were just here and went I
know and then we're back
vlogging it but anyways you guys gotta
go check out if you have not heard about
the channel conversations with my
two-year-old I really do also doing
everyone because you're deaf Hank Ross
did you nail the shop line of conference
yesterday so happy right can I get
everybody your shoulder right action and
now for our next stunt me and Princess
star that's a wrap on good job yeah wrap
on so you guys gotta go check this out
princess card get over here being the
vlog quit chatting with Alessandra Alice
what I call her on a net other songs
rock boy these guys hung out all day
read a book together Gemma oh dude
that's internet gold that's like eight
million views right there hey throw the
kid ninh I told you to bring three cats
to stage set to that all right never
gonna be workin terriers not Russell
terriers Russell puppy tears my mom just
got one of this see you guys sorry I'm
doing the not just walking we're
finishing up here families leaving
Blake's in here sweating away awesome
great got a little too excited there you
help again yeah I didn't so we're just
doing a little bit of shopping with dad
and Princess started to shoot we thought
we all had to go but it was actually
just them so we got lucky now we're
shopping instead for VidCon trying to
get a few things that we need coming
hundred paid take on the airplane like
baby food and stuff and then we're gonna
find some food and just chill my god
yeah holding on very tightly whoa this
baby has a lot of energy use me yeah
we're excited to be back in LA it's
weird cuz we were just here
now we're back in but this sort of feels
more like home at the moment because we
actually have a place that's our own
instead of just living you know Grandma
and Grandpa's house which is still feels
like home but you know when you're
living where you don't have a drawer to
put all your stuff in it just doesn't
feel quite as settled so we actually
feel a little bit more steps here which
is weird but we will get settled in both
places and the more he's going to be in
both places all the time
Kelly's your heart huh alright let's go
find the stuff we need okay
tipped over you're a little tipsy today
you can see baby
in the parking garage in the parking
garage
more bass baby in the parking garage
okay
did you miss us so so so so so much
that's a lot yeah you hear that have you
done more cells but I figured cut it out
anyways what do you think sure leave us
so soon how many souls were allowed oh
we had a great shoot it's what time is
11:30
it is late 30s till 8:30 we got on set
at 40 tired you actually killed it today
are you freaking me out room so it's our
California car it feels weird me and avi
were talking about this on the way back
it feels weird to be back in LA like we
were just here I was thinking that too
doesn't it look like home but it's not
really me and maybe are saying it feels
like more like cool like we're in
California you know like we're here to
shoot and make videos and no it's not
it's just different
I don't almost see any ways how long
shoot got here to Los Angeles tomorrow I
have to give a presentation at YouTube
the YouTube space and then I have
nothing Colette has on
shoot and then we go to VidCon I get
what she's saying I think she means
there's more of a buzz here no that's
what I'm saying it's like it feels cool
to be here yeah you know but you know
they can't you get you can't ride a
motorcycle in a giant field here if
flipbook is when we dress somebody up
there sure dislike both we are slammed
this whole week it's like we fly to
California wrong busy alright we're
going to bed good night let's go to bed
look at that our very own VidCon slate
you guys are so talented you guys make
these specific end slates for like where
we're I love that that's exactly what it
looks like when you're landing in Los
Angeles the concrete jungle we're here
in LA back in Los Angeles excited to be
at the fifth annual I lost track how
many vidcon's this is the fifth VidCon
I'm proud to say that I've been to every
single one and cannot wait to meet all
of you there you got to go to this thing
it's gotten bigger and cooler and more
elaborate every year so we're excited to
see what's in store this year in the
Anaheim Convention Center click on the
previous video feeling lucky
click on that cute little family right
there were so adorable well if you wanna
see what there's a doubt do they want do
they for 5 years bill click on dos tres
cuatro Cinco Cinco says yeah why are you
looking at me we're not my target all
right it's exciting and we're glad to be
back in LA I was just saying it feels
like there's a buzz in the air like all
the youtubers are cut getting text
messages all the youtubers are
converging to Los Angeles it's fun I'm
excited to see everybody and you know
just say hi and give hugs and kisses
okay I love you guys we will see you
money on me
