hi I'm logging here okay good morning
everybody how's it going when we are
going to finally remember a couple weeks
ago we're getting all these apples off
the tree and we're gonna juice some they
just kind of been sitting here and so
we're gonna do some right now with me
and Brock are wanting some apple juice
right dude okay let's get the juicer out
want to help me see this we'll get all
the pieces of cake can you put it
together all right here's a piece I'll
start getting all the pieces out hairs
Peas
Oh Johnny I okay there's a piece yes
perfect and there's the juicer right
this error come on I got it I got it I
think that's it yeah we just got to put
it all together now all of that stuff
combined will be enough technology to
turn this pile of apples into a picture
of apple juice let's go excited alright
Brock I'm still in my hat back
my hair's done quick okay guys right be
careful don't get your hands in
let's make sure how many worms we don't
want to be juicing any worms
well as protein get thrown in there more
than one
oh no wait hold on there's everywhere oh
no they're shooting on the site oh no it
ah dang it I forgot this did it last
time
those shooting apples everywhere oh man
okay try it again I didn't
see okay yeah put her in there
nowhere
okay good good good oh man we had a
whole all right ready for these
Oh
yeah push hard I did get some apple
juice coming now
Rosi how do we have more these are
probably my do I mean you guys know when
you open a vegetable tray and there's
broccoli that there's usually kind of a
weird smell at first but this one is
like Trump's them all I had to take it
out and move it from the home I don't
take it washed it and even put it there
or it's not
Carlita I'm good oh yeah right
pregnancy does know how to wear things
to your body it's okay to embrace it if
I was farting like that I'd go to the
blood doctor look in there is there
something dying that bad dads be add
anyways we're getting ready to film the
mom Steve we won't be talking about
parts on the mom soon this is this is an
execution I love it all right we are
actually going to have a guest on today
I'm excited it's the first time well
thanks everyone in just a while we had
shores on and she was probably Alaska
yeah it's been a while since we've had a
guest on so I'm excited all right as we
just finished our episode we had Kristin
McKeon she is a celebrity yoga
instructor and she's amazing and she's
from Idaho why I don't know yes stop
having twins she's amazing Vegas or I'm
only have one no yeah right so anyone
close no you're amazing fun so I stay
tuned to the moms view for that so I'm
not sure exactly which day it's going on
but they're very much hiding not trying
to fight you go on next Thursday next
Thursday
yes so stay tuned stay awesome and now
we're gonna go eat all this hey what is
this guy doin I like your glasses
what do you know with your kitty mmm duh
common sense captain what's his name
flash hey flash I like your glasses can
even see underneath that thing yeah
Hayami
how was school today Jillian some stuff
excellent what are you doing with flash
you just play with him inside
guys I'm not seeing James in a few days
at all they miss him he does sometimes
he'll go into mountains for a few days
and all sudden he comes back I've been
out of town for the last couple days you
have one that good you're babysitting
babysitting kitty don't let him jump
he's gonna jump it's too far
how was school he had a good day at
school I like your new tricks and shirt
did you get that from the tricks in
store yesterday all right we're getting
ready to film a Halloween episode my
buddy is this what a buddy does okay I'm
just trying to wiggle my nose over here
oh crap it's blurry
is it blurry was variable it Charlie 29
but enjoy it I'm so happy you guys are
having children come out of your wombs I
out of our babies come from my room is
why I have a woman that woman is a woman
you guys we just our own show
oh look we did that's all I mean I'm
going home whew I should watch it you
ready
I really wish I would have filmed him
getting in the car cuz normally like
he's kind of lazy and he just sort of
like moseys and I have to help pick up
his back legs he's so excited to go home
he jumped right up he flipped around lay
down on the bed and looked at me like
are you going home yet so cute anyways
let's go take him home to his daddy so
he can give him kisses all right we go
find daddy
career big let's go find daddy come on
is daddy home
Rizzy tell him to come out here let's go
get him please
who is it also look who it is
gave my cookie I miss you so much that
three when you miss your daddy
I love the way Zeke hugs he just wraps
his neck around your neck giraffe neck
yeah it's really cute oh my goodness how
embarrassing we all were the same shirt
well at least we look super fly super
fly you guys don't know something funny
so I looked at me and she goes look
we're twinsies and I said yeah except I
don't have a giant stain on my shirt cuz
she just got a little something right
there and then she says yeah you do cuz
look I do
Ruta my what item of the day is do
measure I do
it's my lipstick I olive stick on my
shirt would you find a dead one that's
really disgusting and I am going to cut
that out Shay haha my dad has a dead
worm in his hand that's disgusting don't
in the garbage
you know crawls oh wait what okay sorry
I'm already she was hurt hey guys
so here we are your house so Mina we
have our apron bug we're not cooking
right now but we are going to pick
apples from an apple tree that we have
outside and there's a bunch on the
ground I'm going to pick some good one
so we can eat them ever gonna pick the
bad ones so we don't use those ones like
the ones with the rims and that's I
always summer just mowed lawn but we're
Emmy has Church bad for all the bad ones
and Brock is following us because he
likes us and there's that actually too
and there's a lot on the ground the mom
says she goes $5 if we pick spot here we
go
there's wow that's a lot okay so we're
try to pick up all the apples on the
ground that looks pretty good yeah yeah
yeah so but the pill wasn't here in the
bow and the garbage all right let's get
started so we are picking apples there
it's super cold and there's like a bunch
over there
it's like
and super cold and we're going to put
you the bottom of the thing my gosh
thank you yes it was it's just having
that okay and here's an old time-lapse
from this summer that I'm gonna use as
the insight man we did not do as much
boating this summer that's okay because
the ski season is upon us thanks for
watching guys we're try to get these
daily vlogs up daily that's every day
every single single single day so we
appreciate your guys's watching and your
thumbs and up and we read those nice
comments and we hope they're nice we
really do we like the nice ones okay
love you guys
I'll see you guess what when guess when
when tomorrow you win you're right
