allow me to introduce you to shay carl
shaycarl is like a guru of YouTube I'm
excited to just be standing in his very
good eye why it's live it's live it's
live
Carly dad's a part of the truck no I
just I cannot go out torture come on dad
are you doing look at your daughter
mom blather and work dad gluttons forego
that if you want ride home you'll go out
and work right now you have to walk like
inappropriate minds just kind of like
back it up I'm eating truck listen be
out of shape dad get out and work go did
you hear that definition of twerking by
Morgan Freeman
no what'd he say what are you saying
here he just defined it like a Wikipedia
type of definition and the other and he
was reading it and everybody's laughing
about what was that I done lately right
after that was on our view after Miley
Cyrus didn't want to check it out well
you guys guess what baby Islam is live
on iTunes I've been waiting forever so
excited we're just sitting here I'm
favoriting everybody's tweet who
downloaded it so I've tweeted a lot of
downloads wait a minute I favored it a
lot of tweets that's not gonna have bad
food a lot of demos everyone to the top
crews because I had well I'll talk to
because I turned the camera on you big
fake ham and cheese and ham bye he's a
ham and cheese with ham and cheese that
stole Jays camera actually he made me
take it as well I just wanted to come to
the Maverick to buy chocolate cover
super embarrassed because they have them
here but only at the Mavericks to have
adventure
because as the Maverick that has
adventures it says on that 44-ounce cuts
I would know because I get those as well
yeah I'm could be your mom they're
yelling in Flint on me let's be honest
okay we're all in the movie we're gonna
sneak treats in don't judge us you know
you've done it to the theater yeah see
we're only supplying the things that we
need okay listen you guys look for
whoever finds it wins with
chocolate-covered cinnamon bears Oh
should we get two just to be on the safe
side listen I get likes today stop Joe
join me I also have another problem I
can't refuse to not by air pressures
when I come to the gas stations I don't
know what it is the sick habit we're
gonna get Shay one because I just want
to get one let's get in this one this
one smells like good guy Cologne I have
this one in my car and this one it's a
good mix mix it's like it's like a
cocktail on the beach vanilla and peach
okay Blake I want high school shooting
something he thinks I'm just taking
selfies up myself ah what are you
putting my drink at dinner you're great
I'm crazy double whatever your crib
utiful I crave you have no wrinkles
what's your secret have five kids and
then not get any wrinkles really what
you're talking about okay we're going to
the movies Cate love you bye PS if you
don't subscribe to Carly Stiles Santa's
not gonna busy over Christmas and the
Easter Bunny is not coming to see you
either
and the truth then look what she's doing
klutzy
some elastic he's my dad that's my dad
don't hurt my dad are you watching her
45 yeah for four hours alive I'm sorry
guys won't even movie thank but it is
like Inc footage son get your boobs off
me now a dad the filming with his camera
give you oh snap almost dropped it now
cameras on you bruh D ruddy bloody okay
let's go the movie good morning good
morning what are you doing well it's
Saturday you gotta do Saturday chores
even if you do have a song on the number
100 charts of iTunes hey guess what
forever love is it 97 on iTunes right
now waiting up you want to get an iPod
so you can listen to it alright I love
you hey guess what
oh wait you got the doggy
you got the doggy hey Avia that is
really a huge accomplishment I need you
to realize that having a song on the top
100 charts of iTunes is a big deal but
you still don't get it out of a shovel
and dog crap okay you got a shovel your
way to the top young lady keep up the
good work
and make me another hit single yo rock
tart are you being careful with that
puppy cuz grandma loves that puppy and
if you hurt him
she will hurt you I promise don't let
him chew on the popsicle stick go pick
that up don't throw it on the ground I'm
gonna show I'm gonna have a be a shovel
you into that bucket of in just a
second go throw that in the garbage No
do not throw in the rocks go throw in
the garbage in the garbage
not Braque bring it upstairs throw in
the garbage
smack that little button nugget you guys
love to cut so I can get real daddy on
this kid
Zeke knows not to mess with real dad huh
go trash can right now move it soldier
you know where the trash can is I'll
throw it away boy yeah well it's
Saturday morning we uploaded the forever
love music video of less than two hours
ago and it already has 50,000 thumbs up
and it's like number 97 on all of the
iTunes charts amazing do you like it mom
we're kissing oh did you like this you
ever seen this name yet this is cool cqz
yeah I know I loved it that was awesome
it's toenail time and I got the baby boy
with me now yeah you know you are with
me he is gonna get his nails done having
a blood orange beverage is a lot of
unnecessary sugar this morning it's
relaxing I'm excited I haven't got my
toes done for a while and this is the
color I'm choosing this is the base with
the sparklies for VidCon and it's the
sparkle tones for VidCon I don't think
he's gonna have Sparkle tones I'm sorry
dude I'm not gonna let you have Sparkle
toes but I am gonna make him wear this
bracelet they started making these amber
bracelets and necklaces for kids for
teething I guess the amber is supposed
to help with teething I don't know I
don't know if it's a big hoax but a lot
of people in California try it so I'm
trying I'm jumping on that bandwagon we
have any of those four periods no I'll
wear anything do you need you need an
amber bracelet was saying you're gonna
be a good event should we come up that
could be okay you guys we're having a
slight emergency so I was getting my
pedicure my phone was sitting on the arm
of the
yeah I bet you can guess where this is
going the girl meant to like move
something on the chair for me like she
was going to pull out the thing so I
could set stuff on it and the phone fell
in the walk so I'm running to the store
to get a bag of rice so that we can put
my phone in some rice and hopefully it
will work it's kind of working but I
don't want to mess with it too much
because it might poop out because it's
full of water probably no hate when this
happens but this happened to me once
before and the my phone was in water for
like a half an hour I put it in a bag of
rice for two days and it was totally
fine so I'm hoping that this will work
wish me luck
what an adventure okay rice which one
should I get
brown rice jasmine rice long grain rice
does it matter does it matter if it's
minute rice or regular rice I think I'm
just going to get regular white rice
yeah okay okay show us your nails look
at the nail those are really pretty I
like the most of your mail mail yeah
these are my real knows the Romania of
candy prints I just have really long a
nail bed so I'm lucky good thing and we
got sparkly - Oh mine are sparkly - I
love that look right can I see your toes
Mikko anymore
yes they're very tall I didn't want to
say anything in there but my phone might
be dead
I feel really mad I mean not bad for her
because it happened but it just happened
I feel bad that I don't have a boat it's
just like but I got pretty nails that
makes up for right hi guys so we are at
the rear door on our way to Petco to get
some stuff for the new dog grandma got
and name is Jackson and we're going to
get some stuff for it because we got it
yesterday and Carly gave it to her cut
for like a chicken present cuz her dog
ate all my chicken to do sad so she gave
that as a sari present and we're going
on our way to Petco um right now so we
can get some suffering okay so we're at
the pet store right now what we're
looking at all the animal yeah it's a
panther chameleon we could be times
Collins and we're looking at all of the
animals we're getting some stuff for
this little cutie so we're just looking
around for all the steps um can't wait
and its name is Jackson if I didn't tell
you that before okay okay now right now
we are getting all Dom during eclipse
this is really which bet they should do
for the dog guys try another bed okay
goodnight zombies leave my goodness
which one's the most softest are you can
you sit there oh yeah
okay come on so Ivan ladies okay so now
we're at Walmart to get some more stuff
and we are going to get some more stuff
like you know this isn't fake suffer the
doggie cuz we got him yesterday I'm
gonna show me more stuff here look at
all these shirts we might get us some
some shirts for happy oh that's so cute
oh oh are you pretty yeah okay Coopers
hey I what Cooper why are we doing this
yourself
hello we have a I'm not from the Shh ID
he's Cooper from Kearney Stiles pick it
up yeah right here but in them just look
it up on Google seriously on you dude
how cool is the same thing as YouTube
Cuddy Styles okay so now we're on my
piece and that's where we got the dog
that we have right now so this isn't
Brotherhood sisters hey the whoops look
at the black and then there's just as
exact one magic I know if I never enough
remember me hmm Cooper got to hit him
yeah
don't care
let's keep down the envy and wait
there's one more
where Vicki's been there's like this
white one right here hawawa
oh and we want to show you this geez
who has her there 999 put my death
allergic to them hi - Rosie's scary and
what it's just it's fine about maquis
cuz there's so many heads so hey look at
all the heads it's a poor one you like
an evil dog
it's like hurtis I accept what's this I
cannot look at that one and then these
ones are some other ones black ones I
like this case cuz there's so many
analysts look up spiders gun huh yeah oh
that's scary imagine that in your room
crying on your bed okay we just got home
from all the stuff we bought for the
happy and we got him like this little
sticky and I found he's trying it right
now and I just set up his kennel there's
his little bed with his little little
placing the play on it with hit his dick
said he's tweeting right now and then
these two little chew toys and this is
his water and food and we just set it up
in his big kind of mixes so uh-oh at
that time again at that time at that
time again I'm gonna say we were just
doing this with that little man dude
kids grow up it won't break hang on it
hang on it it won't break hang on it
hang on it go ahead do it it won't break
alright dude family tradition get in the
bouncer your brother did this before you
I can't wait all right commence baby
bouncing in three two one go
you ready buddy you're about to
experience a whole new world of mobility
you ready dude
seeks like what yeah there you go do
that tap dance do that tap did teach him
how to do it rock dard you're the first
one on this door swing yeah you're
bouncing a little bit come on look at
his legs
Zeke move your big old gal away that'll
make him fall I see better better yeah
careful cuz those will fall off don't
under this tree
he's like an Irish doing an Irish jig
this chance just let him do it by
himself
okay bounce bounce bounce bounce yes he
does love it
yes oh he loves it remember doing this
Brock do you remember this yeah he loves
it when it's bigger that's adorable
cut the three hours later he's still
hanging there I'm right here buddy
dot dot dot dot dot dot
hi I love you you tired of being in
there look who's chasing rock card
around the front room even get your rock
card you get you get you run fast oh
he's gonna get you now he's gonna get
you rock stars listening to the soft
song well the little doggie chasing
around the front room get him you on
value like that rock guard want ugly
like that congratulations today you got
your song is up to number 46 on all of
the icons hurts yeah you're almost on
the top forty hundred and twenty
thousand thumbs up five hundred thousand
views and it's only been 12 hours since
the songs been up that is incredible I
love to comment on the video saying this
I knew that the song in the video would
do well because I figured yeah you know
I mean it was it's a good video and it's
cute and you guys are always so generous
when you support us especially when it
comes to the kids projects but I did not
I repeat did not expect it to do that
well it's shocking really it honestly is
so thank you to everybody who commented
and thumbs DUP and downloaded the song
46 on all of iTunes charts that's
amazing thank you guys so much
alright it's Sunday evening and you guys
I'm on the Food Network and it's pretty
exciting so all the families gathering
around dad come support me in my TV
they debut Brett and Sadie are here
video bombing and I'm on the show next
Food Network Star Food Network Star on
the Food Network
excited excited to see me I'm nervous
and excited I Instagram I am all over
the Internet we're going to knock out
doors your service week but the fan
system crew so this is the beginning of
the episode of the Food Network they're
vlogging which is funny to see they're
doing with a GoPro camera on a tripod
it's so weird to see somebody else doing
it rocked art is not interested in Daddy
being on TV he's interested in Rolie
polies where'd you get that Rolie Polie
but hey don't you care the daddy's on TV
or you just want to see the bug let me
see the Rolie Polie you care thanks
mommy tard I love you Oh Rollie pollie
dropped Yoko I gotta show the helicopter
here I come here's here's my moment
finalists I was standing by in that door
YouTube space la the West Coast flagship
of the revolutionary video sharing
destination guys ready I'm so here we go
it's how we make a video that represents
a product that is unforgettable there
you are
you see that dart you're on TV did your
challenge you will be gun target is on
the screen in the back there plain old
you take Carl videos my teams there's
one more ingredient to this challenge
allow me to introduce you to shame car
Shay is an icon a YouTube star creating
content of six different channels that
have over two million subscribers
shaycarl is like a guru of YouTube I'm
excited to just be standing in his
presence bad weekly I am sure your
attention online so he's going to help
you through the production of your
videos acting kind of like a director
and lend you his expertise about making
viral videos mom your videos can be just
as infectious we're all chefs we're not
actors were creative geniuses in viral
video making
but with Shay's expertise we can make
sure that he has agrippa me do this
battle deck is great and yes to figure
out the approach they're going to take
to their video and how they're gonna
best feature their handy product thanks
working come on I like hot now that I'm
us picked the teams we go to versa all
right thank you you're watching online
if you missed it you have to go check it
out somewhere online somewhere I'm at
wwws are easily Reese's Pieces Reese's
Ruben could have brought a lot more
energy I think he's so used to being
told to hold back that he just felt like
he needed to I didn't you have a great
concept I just think you need to play up
the characters a little bit chase
feedback is gold hi hey
oh yeah yeah he's like really get into
your character just Lennox what a
surprise that money did the other day
hammer
yes remember I love it Berlin's fake
beard is practically covering his whole
face double the energy of what you
already did
oh my goodness wait sir save it for the
shot wedding we're in you're really
trying to control a monster it Lani he
wants it going hold on 100% every time
they get yelling out of there like Lenny
calm down calm down
he was like wrecking the set before they
even started to shoot him it was
cracking me up he broke the skeleton we
had to wait and you gotta hit that last
line changes really homes in fact the
last line painting unleash the monster
flavor has to be really pronounced so
that the pain a is the star nailed our
last line okay that's fun yeah they do
good guys
guys they do good thanks guys hey I said
funnier things but they cut them out all
right
you see each is should be looking for
another oh yeah should I go back to
school mom get my my degree my mom lost
her wallet do you guys normally moms all
of us get you guys I want an airplane
right now don't worry my mom found her
wallet so you can stop looking
underneath the seats of your cars
we're headed to VidCon right now and
editing the vlog on the plane when I
land I'm gonna upload that baby thanks
for watching our videos we love you as
always click on that forever love
download if you guys haven't downloaded
the song click on the feeling lucky
button if you wanna see princess tards
music video click on the previous vlog
and ignore see if the shades are doing
one two three four five years ago click
on those gilt little faces okay we'll
see you tomorrow bye bye
I am
