hi I'm logging here meanwhile in Idaho
Logie bears whippin up shaycarl a
delicious omelette see this one nice
slice of turkey this is the secret
ingredient cuz I put it on this half of
the oven right flip that and make a
little turkey omelette sandwich extra
proteins get them gains you could start
a bed-and-breakfast bro what if you had
like a workout bed-and-breakfast that
were you idea to stay exercise yeah it
was like a camp
I guess they already kind of have this
but I was going to do it for like
athletes and you bring them to this camp
and you serve them like six really good
meals a day and you set them through
workouts to make sure they're in bed in
time parents send their kids to this
camp for the summer but to get more
traffic
it's an invite-only camp so it's like
dude I got invited to do the camp this
year so it's like there's this big want
and it's all started from a turkey
omelet that's a turkey omelet I actually
when I was fat not like I'm not right
now but when I was like big big I wanted
to start a business where it was like a
fat camp where you signed a waiver you
went to somewhere in the forest and they
like it was like Jail basically you had
to work out you had to eat clean and you
could not leave for six months it was
like you signed your life over I'm fat I
can't get skinny on my own I'm gonna
start a business where I go somewhere
where they like lock you in a hut make
you workout make you eat healthy and you
can't escape think that would work is
there anything like that I think that'd
be cool it's like you can't back out one
right like you sign a document saying
that you are in control of me for the
next six months when I was like really
overweight I was like I need something
like that just some place where I can go
and like be locked away in the forest
and have to exercise any healthy is that
crazy talk I think it is I think it's
the protein talking oh I'm excited to do
that looks delicious
right look good brother I have making me
an omelet what a nice guy sitting here
in my office with the window open
editing today's vlog and I hear some fun
Mian play this nothing nothing I you
know I'm saying you guys feel me you
catching my flow you picking up what I'm
laying down that looks like a lot of fun
oh
front-flip trampoline with the sprinkler
under it is somebody cold rock guard you
done you've had enough fun in the Sun
he's cold already
rock cards bundled up in a towel
backflip add a girl lamb that backflip
get it nice hey guys I would like to
officially welcome you to summer okie
dokie have a great time
all right an adorable moment just
happened with my daughter princess
tizzle she came running in and she's
like dad I was looking on the internet
for ponies that we can buy for our new
house and check it out sure enough she
is looking up horses that are for sale
what did she where did she go I asked
like what did you go to find this she
googled the ponies for sale and Idaho
that can run fast that's adorable
what if you want to run fast is that a
requirement cuz I won't like write it
all right all right now looks like a
cute pony three hundred dollars three
hundred bucks cheaper than all the other
horses there that's true but there's
this other one that doesn't really get
cute it's two hundred but just well no
wonder it's so cheap it's an ugly horse
how are you gonna pay for that you buy a
nice you want to get $300 pony out of
your allowance
okay well christmas is coming up so stay
tuned I want to get a horse you have to
go ask the boss though yeah exactly oh
no is right she let us have one worse
already I don't know have another no I'm
saying that would be cool you want to be
a cowgirl I think that would be fun if
we got horses we could ride horses
together in the mountains all right keep
looking for ponies for sale in Idaho
that can run fast okay okay I love you
here adorable howdy gang I'm on a
mission to get meat rode hard and I are
on a mission we're on a mission a
mission
so one of my favorite things about being
in Idaho is you get to go to little
country stores like this little country
store I love this little country store
because it's the best place in Idaho to
get your meat you get really good meat
here they have really good like
hamburger and turkey knee and stuff like
that so yeah that's what I like about
Idaho is these little little nook and
crannies that you can find gems all
right we got ourselves a big box of meat
you know what my doctor said she said
you know what he's getting to the age
where you can start feeding to me
I was like okay in my mind I was like I
hate baby food me it's disgusting
I don't blame you dude I I've never had
my kids baby food me cuz it's like puree
meat whoa that just grosses me out so
we're gonna try to blend up some
vegetable stew or something she's like
he's a man
he needs his meat do you need your meat
you need meat or should we just keep
vegetarian you out what does that mean
and you're supposed to wait till the
kill I don't want this online what
is here come on you were supposed to
give her that first you love him
are you crying dog we have a sad ending
yesterday Carly I can't tell my gosh
like the Zeke was gonna kind of be like
Heidi but smaller I love that you're
crying Zeke be nice
what is it it's like a foreign dog I
don't know but half the breed down I
texted it to you what was it called um
last night
Carly's dog ate all the chickens it was
a very tragic night I did not want a
foam it was pretty dramatic but there
are six dead chickens in the backyard so
Harley came bearing gifts as an apology
because there was some real heated words
it was pretty intense
but anyways looks like everything's
happy now a cute little puppy solves all
drama what are you gonna name him
no probably gadget I knew my my dog's
Gidget no Ken naming kid you're looking
at wagging his tail
that collar hey guy look at this little
head that's me is he being nice he hosts
girly things it's a snack
he doesn't know what to think of it he
loves him did you see the new puppy babe
Zeke's a good boy he didn't do anything
mean to the chicken yesterday and now
hopefully crusher throw your fault Carly
that your dogs a vermicious knids why
Brock why because she ate the chicken
well dogs are you know late Birds if I
was a dog and I saw a bunch of birds run
around the little cage you know what
else would you do you'd go bite them
what do you think babe yes I did
Colette you want to get one of those
well everybody's happy you want to get a
little dog after VidCon you have to ask
your mother I want to get another Great
Dane first think how cool would be to
have a Great Dane farm it's like four of
those big bad boys running around there
he goes
I think he's alright babe he's just
curious
that's probably what will happen is
equal accidentally step on look at that
that's quite the size difference because
no idea what to think oh you just nipped
at him
why did you just take him oh oh look get
away from me kill me but now he's like
yeah I gotta go outside and get a
close-up of this
I think this cuteness deserves a
close-up shot puppy cam puppy cam puppy
cam over here he smells the chickens
waiting Coby over here Oh get mom
looks like a wiener dog yeah Oh careful
this reminds me of like Star Wars when
those giant leg things are like dry and
you know and like Luke Skywalker had to
like tie the legs up to those giant
machines puppies and babies puppies and
babies oh the puppies how do you like
the puppy is my favorite it's just like
a wind show a pigeon babies Jackson oh
sorry puppy okay once down you wanna go
huh huh I don't dexon deck dad it's too
bright yeah thumbnail thumbnail get off
me speaking of Star Wars you got every
dark Vader tunkel Castle give him that
oh it's trending - thanks what's
trending look at him
here's why - Mazique what do you think
about Ezekiel oh it's so cute I can turn
the camera off you're so cute I can turn
the camera oh what's that done listen
for me there's information gravity Carly
why am I so bad it was a total accident
well yeah yeah it is kind of this you
can't put it in your dog back my dad was
looking at that dog food he goes oh he
saw it before you revealed it it's a
peace offering is especially its I'm
sorry my dog ate all your chickens
present all right I was counting today
15 that's how many every one of the pet
stores are mollys killed a lot of pieces
mom I think your love for chickens may
just not be meant to be carry disease
and it's kind of like introducing my
family father gave a small early your
dog is a vicious animal killer that's
what it is
well maybe Heavenly Father wanted to
save us from the vicious chickens
thanks Heavenly Father listen we don't
fight enough tooth what is that thing
we just love no matter what even if
Molly ate the chickens I for an eye and
a tooth for tooth makes the whole world
go blind that's the same lupus I would
just like to take this moment to tell
you that I love you okay okay hey and
listen that part yesterday we did the
the fourth of July hat and you jumped
out and you said hey that was funny hey
dude you like the swing set and that fun
that's cool huh you're going high man
yes I I'm dead I know I'm well aware of
that fact
he and Wyatt as a mountains yeah those
are the mountains aren't they funny
come up
what up
Oh
gonna get you we're gonna get you we're
gonna get you
Oh
you
Oh
I think I like this very much I told you
gonna love it I already told you you're
gonna love it
good boy here's a good puppy
you
who's ready to watch a movie you guys
ready
Rock cards definitely ready okay you
guys so we're actually about to watch a
screener what a screener is is basically
a movie before the actual movie comes
out so the other day we're at maker
studios and the cast for the movie
was there at maker studios doing
autographs and interviews and we met one
of the actors there named Thao was
telling them that we saw the preview or
the trailer for the movie earth to echo
and that my kids loved it
and he goes would you guys like a
screener and we were like yes we would
like a screener yes we would like to see
the movie before it comes out when does
it come out July yes July second times
first it was July 2nd so the kids got to
meet the cast you guys were about to go
meet the cast of earth to echo if you
guys haven't seen this movie you should
see it cuz it's freaking awesome you
ready to meet the best trailer and I
think it's already the best yeah we
actually haven't seen yet but the cast
is here now is for the recoupment yeah
we hated it we did not like it Oh
and all the whole group hug - hug is
very much drawing a while in doing so
thank you
plus we did a little intro with Princess
hard which we will show now princess
heart I'm gonna cast a breath to echo
and you better go watch the movie
because it comes out July 2nd or else
whatever purple helmet boy
hahaha he had to wear the purple helmet
thanks guys that was awesome perfect and
you'll get the inside joke about the
purple helmet after you see the movie
you got to see the movie first
but tailhook this up oh yeah if you
you're right if you watch the trailer
you'll know what we talked about with
the purple helmet because it is in the
trailer okay
so we ready to watch this okay we're
about to watch it right now we haven't
seen it Te'o hooked us up he's one of
the actors in the movie and he got us a
screeners we're gonna watch it right now
and it doesn't even come out till July
2nd okay he's ready here we go okay hold
on we're halfway through what do you
guys think I love all those for the
light side bulb onyx here Union alright
so you guys like it yeah
the reason I know that you all like it
is because it's 11 o'clock at night and
you're all still awake no no I don't I
just want I want to tell them that I
don't spoil it
okay let's keep watching it I would say
it's like um ET meets wall-e meets
Goonies for the YouTube generation it's
good you guys like it yes okay we're
gonna keep watching it lights off
hit it
let go it's like it alright would you
guys think you want to watch it again
you liked it son tard yeah you guys
liked it would you recommend it oh the
best movie ever did you like the movie
my favorite part was when he made that
whole semi truck come apart that was
awesome remember when they're driving
yeah okay so you guys give it a thumbs
up to thumbs up would you give it five
star a dead dog that a dead dog I've had
a thumb two thumbs a tongue and a toes
and your nose you give it two thumbs up
alright go see earth to echo coming to
theatres shall I suck it it was good and
who forgot to do the end slate yesterday
I think he's the chubby obnoxious guy
with the beard I think that might be the
person who forgot yeah I don't know why
I totally spaced it I was trying to
hurry to get the vlog up when I forgot
to do the insulate I'm sorry but I love
this new end slate welcome to Idaho
family's back it's so nice to be back in
Idaho my blood pressure has come down
considerably just being here in the
mountains and just a slower pace of life
I really enjoy it thanks for watching as
always you guys I hope you have a great
Friday enjoy your weekend click on that
feeling lucky button to see a video with
me and Carly my sister together and a
cooking competition click on yesterday's
vlog and if you want to see what we are
doing for the last five years every
single day you click those numero Uno's
down there 1 2 3 4 5 and don't forget to
smile we love you guys we'll see you on
Monday kisses
