hi ah bro what are you doing look great
Oh buddy where'd you get that found it
in their garage put it on a good show up
at our new house you guys are like some
random stuff and the guy that used to
live up there like I said it's up in the
mountains look I used to do gold my
you're like pan for golden like this
river that's nearby and so he had some
of this like gold panning stuff and
sunshine found this and he thought he
would take it you look like a creeper
does that work is it cool yeah you like
look that's how he used to like look for
minerals you would like to pick up the
gold and you want to do it yeah let me
see that thing that doesn't fit this
different tight oh you did I was like
that guy must had a tiny head oh it's
velcro you're that thing oh hello
everybody okay it's time to have a
little birthday party for rocked hard
since we didn't get a chance to have
like a real birthday party money for now
and somebody's really excited
do you like shopping ha ha he's so happy
cuz he's sitting upright in the cartons
I'm a big boy yah yah yah ha but yeah
it's birthday time
and guess what we're gonna get him a
bunch of dumb Legos brendham some Legos
he'll lie Batman Legos that's the main
thing he's asked for Batman Lego baby to
give it we gotta find some background
like oh yeah that's a happy birthday bag
are you happy so we get your brothers
and Batman toys oh so you can joke on
him later
seriously I better not find them all
over the house because this one's gonna
start crawling soon and that could be
bad
I'm gonna be digging up Legos for the
rest of my life oh well birthday boy
gets what birthday boy wants right not
all the time you're right yeah it's a
lego movie
oh he's gonna love it that's all he
wants is Legos yes are you gonna get
your brother Lego
we just found this section with a really
fun card what does that one say it's a
cheeseburger what does it do what does
it do you present okay I'm juicing
dishes and I just want to say happy
birthday birthday birthday to you and oh
my goodness crispy birthday cards okay
baby Todd requested that I do this she
choreographed everything and told me
exactly what to say are you ready
presenting the fourth of July girl I
love it high five what did you say I
said this is getting awkward this is
getting awkward a store I love it I love
it and then there's another child around
here all right later bro getting this
hat they're all full of it they take
after their dad here we are
this whole aisle is Legos so the quest
to find Batman Lego here we go there's a
bat oh oh my goodness do you know what
that represents to me that represents
hours and hours and hours for me wait
don't put it in the car we acted Oh
looks like I know what I'll be doing for
the next day and a half my kids like
Legos okay general consensus we're
getting that one the movie and that one
it's a little bit smaller than the other
Batman one but still I'm gonna be at
putting it together forever
and then another spider-man and then we
got some monkey
oh dude not for you you're not old
enough for Legos yet okay good no he's
good that's good we got enough stuff
guys put everything else back we're out
of here it's birthday here we are at the
edge of a hill ya know so yeah who is it
hey you guys I was just importing the
footage from yesterday's vlog where I
was doing the back flip on the
trampoline and I look chunky I know
we're about to go to the gym and I was
feeling pumped go to the gym and I saw
myself on the trampoline and I thought
how did I let myself get chunky again I
just wanna I just wanna level with you
guys I feel discouraged I feel so
frustrated I feel mad at myself for
shoving out man why'd you let me chop
out bro so I'm gonna has to be happening
sometimes with bodies that I was at a
technical term that you just stack slag
me terms bodies got to get chubby for a
little bit seriously sometimes you need
to go fit fat fit fit that fit yeah I'm
bulking right now bulking anyways I'm
glad to be back in Idaho because Logan
McKay 55 is gonna whip me into shape my
I'm sore from yesterday we did a good
work out on my bias our bias and back
and byes and I'm really feeling the
soreness today so it trying to it's
guaranteed then when we work out that we
will be sore so there's that guarantee
Logan gave me a good workout alright
head back on the grind freakin a man I'm
so pissed at myself do you guys think
cell phones give us cancer because I
always like you know when you're sitting
in the chair or I'm driving
sometimes I'll set my phone right there
it's just like a good place to set it
and then I feel anxious like I don't
want it next to my dick Euler's I feel
like it's shooting radiation right up my
nutsack does it though good light every
time I set my phone there I always in
others like this subconscious thing I'm
like I gotta move it I just don't feel
comfortable with it right there
especially you know like if somebody
calls you it's like those radio waves
are shooting right into my my Jelly
Bellies I mean I can I guess I'm not
having a problem with sperm count
because I can make a baby you know with
the snap of a finger do we know that
does it give us cancer I I would know I
feel like we would all have cancer
because we are all 24/7 on these things
and the
always by our bodies you know we sleep
next to long about all the other radio
signals we got going I have a giant deck
right here that gets radio signals all
day and it's right by me and I don't
have sensor
I'm nervous man Brady wasn't he's gonna
do to us what are these freaking devices
that are causally connected to us
they're gonna kill us
hey guys fat Karl here I love my body
I'm gonna punch Logan oh hey guys so she
is editing and I found something in the
store that he would really really
appreciate because he loves these look
it's a hammock I know it's just a cheap
one
she loves hammocks and he hasn't had one
for years he hasn't had one Lee he lays
in so I'll give it to him
especially since Father's Day was sort
of a bummer this year since we're moving
so I've gotten this let's go give it to
him honey yes hi what are you doing I'm
editing and uploading the vlog while I
babysit well the baby plays with an
electric cord that's great
I told him to wind it up we have to pack
this computer but he was just yelling in
my insulate I'm trying to an end slate
he's screaming he was feeling it well
you know that's what people want to see
here anyway think about this because our
kids like they kind of live their lives
twice I was just thinking about that
because I'm editing and a lot of times
I'll edit while I'm holding him and he's
sitting there watching it yes he sees
himself go go ah like slap on the desk
so I'm thinking he lives his life twice
sometimes like I remembered that like I
was there okay you got it all wound up
good thank you
yeah I did that Daddy Go Go baby huh I
do everything my daddy asked me because
I'm the best baby that is all right good
workout I'm gonna go buy some workout oh
let's get chopper out where's the jumper
yeah I have something for you what do
you have for me something that I saw
that not a lot great but it reminded me
of you see Oh bless your heart
you guys it's a ham in our new house
that we are renovating right now I told
the Builder not even joking in my new
office I'm gonna hang a hammock so I
told him you got to find the roof joist
the ceiling joist I want to drill two
giant eye bolts in it because I'm going
to hang a hammock in my new office
imagine that you're sitting here you're
working you're a little tired you go and
you lay in your hammock and you're all
you won't get any work done what are you
talk
my mobile device as I lay in my hammock
next day that is very thought of you
know oh I can't use this though weight
limits 220 pounds UK I'm actually 216 so
I will be just under the weight limit
plus I'm losing weight you guys I
exercise really hard today with the baby
what the baby he's like an extension of
my hand it's an extension of my body you
know what my client you know Dwyane Wade
LeBron James they can hold an NBA
basketball okay okay baby you're
actually holding on to your apps is arm
drum over that mine thank you pick a new
leg
he likes it okay sometime it's up for
tummy time now start crawling your older
brother son tire was calling at seven
and a half months
thanks for the hammock babe that's very
sweet of you
you're not coming or walking everybody
bundled up I was getting crab for
whining about the 38 degree weather the
other day I realize there are those of
you that live in other parts of the
world that are experiencing much colder
precipitation than we are but it's just
I have normally cold
Kaido it gets all degrees here in the
middle of June it's normally 90 to 95
degrees and now it's like raining and 40
something snuggle buddy I see some blue
eyes poking out of there
you warm there bro think of those eyes
you just snuggle buddy George Carly oh
please - lets see out that - leukemic a
bear
Yanis hood nice toss Carly Rose you
gotta learn how throw great toss up
catch that get it a via okay here you do
it it's gonna vlog you happy she's gonna
do in the tight pant show you buy your
 pants on
I like those study pants you slip your
hand on either Oh ready go football
player cuprous is a non-contact sport
yeah nice that's really pretty lighting
it's cool to spin the closet me yeah you
look good bro we're just playing a
little football before the game starts
whole family foosball name that movie
whoa it's definitely over my mountain
get it early I want to talk to you about
your interpret level okay I need to
bring you need a whole new person I
needed to work on today's level we're
not doing three days no can we catch it
one-handed give me the gun
here it goes guys catch this yeah now is
sweet
Gavin I'll time Kim everybody let us
pause for a moment to enjoy these
beautiful cumulus Nimbus clouds I'm not
sure if that's what they are but I know
that that is a type of cloud and I could
be right who knows
I bet some people in the comments do or
go Sun tard go along in the corner of
the end zone
Lily catch it catch that nope now the
horrible throw whoever threw it oh honey
it was the man in the red sweatshirt hey
wanna play football
alright so here we are at Cooper's game
Logie bear getting some good shots over
there I like your tripod oh you guys
better go check out Logan McKay's vlog
he's gonna get the best shots of this
game I'll a feminine but giving yourself
shout outs oh yeah it's right huh thanks
bro
shout out for shout out get some good
shots duty to put this to music dude
there's gonna be some hardcore music you
guys better all go hey that team on your
hat they didn't win the championship
what happened I miss it nice hustle
Cooper Cooper scoring a touchdown and he
throws it back to the raft nice run
Cooper's had a 40 yard run and I did not
get the camera out in time I thought you
guys there's a baseball game going on
the other side of this so Brenda starts
giving go up and she's gonna get footage
of the baseball game canter the camera
hey got a camera
yeah how do i zoom in anything okay you
got the fence hold on there don't let go
can you jump down
tell your and get hit by a homerun ball
yeah here oh let scared me hate you
alright you guys are making a tough
decision but a decision that needs to be
made don't think I didn't notice your
shades getting fat comments yesterday
and trust me I know
I'm feeling it I'm not offended you guys
just calling it how it is I really am
getting a little chunky chunk it's fine
I can accept the fact that I'm a little
fat plain is its away just kidding but
we're having a birthday party for rock
cards since we kind of we're moving in
the process anyways we're getting pizza
but not me I'm getting a salad cuz I was
the white I'm serious it really doesn't
bother me I know that I've packed on a
few pounds and I can accept that it's
fine and I'm not like I don't hate
myself and like like so discouraged and
disgusted but you know it's like it's
constant battle you got to keep not
giving up that's basically what you got
to do I'm getting soda pop I would I'm
just doing what I'm told I do not agree
to this but I'm doing what my wife tells
me so I'll tell you what gents if you
want to be happy you just do what your
wife says happy wife is a happy life
okay it's time for somebody we prayed
with dr. Dre sir oh you did not
it's a birthday plan
alright we're celebrating rock tards
birthday what does he want his black
Jerry chicken did you go get him oh whoa
I was a big Great Dane just known that
chicken don't eat the chicken katie has
e kappa like you want to chew on the
chicken but see look he just ignores him
he just smelled the chicken the boise
he's a good boy no I know
yeah it's too good for chickens he only
likes raw organic chickens GMO free cage
or yeah what is that range fed range
Fred I don't you know what I'm talking
about you get the joke I'll shut up now
dad did you like my salad that I made
looks like it was pretty popular
everybody hated he liked it we're
canceling it good all right yeah I got
it a compost my wife change my clothes
yeah she does a great job yeah you look
very handsome
is it feeding time for the bro-face huh
you hungry huh I'm kinda hungry dad I
love you how many times and we sing rock
to her happy birthday for this birthday
I think it'll be the third yeah because
they didn't once at Olive Garden I think
another time at the house and this would
be happy birthday party number three
yeah why is he getting so many birthday
cakes well he's made three wishes cuz
that's a lot of wishes
when does he return we sing we sing it
all Kurt may no longer be that wasn't a
great that was like a little
can we do it another two I feel like we
did it one other time no we sang Carly I
know right that's right it was Carly's
birthday okay and sister rat so party
party party celebrate celebrate Congrats
Congrats Congrats oh go get like a
little spider minute.i piranhas we'll
make it a spider-man cake look at this
girl I had a girl laughs you're a good
mom I make out with you later okay so
later thanks for nothing all right there
we go
spider-man vs Batman number four happy
birthday to yo all right here we go
let's sing to that little boy for the
third time this is what I want for my
next birthday okay okay never play with
matches whatever on my faith unless it's
slight Batman's head on fire now she's
my finger I saved my daughter her
fingers I'm gonna carry it no okay
better walk really sad there you carry
on oh we need to get it right
oh hi grandma
okay go learning isn't right a birthday
to before happy birthday
they do broccolis happy birthday to you
one harder
like the cake he like that are so
present number one mr. GRU wrapping
paper that isn't gonna be hit gonna be
something anything so they're very
excited I bet you will love it oh boy
what is it gonna be up to this point he
has only received presents from Cecily
so let's see Oh Batman Lego is that what
you wanted yeah that way you wanted
that'll be cool huh okay the present
deliverers whoa Jesus just showed up
Jesus just came to the party
Oh welcome yeah thank you for coming to
our little boys Purdy
angels are here oh that's quite behind
it angels are here to wish you happy
birthday rocked her oh let me think
sing the song everything is nevermind
don't sing song you open up next bra
this one is attorney hey open it up okay
turn around I want to see the reaction
on your face and you open it up we have
a real good gif of you in your one years
old we got to get a good Morgan watch
your attitude okay I'll come over there
right now
Logan keep your girlfriend in check
don't look what is it
what do you say look you wait hold on
you got one from Grandma here won't open
that one next
alright next present
that one's long with that one that
efficient hold it is it a gun numb chops
still is that yeah it's a posthole
digger you got a post hole digger what
are those whoa that's awesome
see those that's awesome okay okay
here's from Grandma Peggy fancy wrapping
paper
what is it looks like I want to look at
this or longer get in there
climb inside the plastic bag not I guess
some toddler rule somewhere no don't
worry till when you spoiled monkey
that's a cool tractor that's hey what do
you say yeah no there's more in there
than attract for her as a giant grab
garbage bag you really gonna whoa look
your own chair the camping chair
properties say to Grandma we'll give her
a big hug tell her thank you there you
go oh that's good
too many toys yeah
all right happy birthday we love you
everybody no go fight survice Morgan
watch your attitude
yes Morgan Morgan Morgan what mom what
sorry
oh my goodness what do you say to
Grandma some white sickle that's cool
dude your very own fight not cool
hook rocked our that's your own chair to
Cooper you warm it up for him going to
outsider right it no okay
got some balloons attached to it off you
better she's gonna use a break subject
as soon as Eagles up seriously this new
thing
happy birthday okay that's a wrap every
out of all the presents playing with the
balloons is this funnest thing that's a
cool lens like you know go over there
play the balloon some more with the
Angels yeah really experience in a cool
lens flare here alright okay oh that's
okay
you should probably finish all your
gonna cover the film that it was cute
and then it got violent
