haha you guys are babies growing up he
has a tooth coming in hey hey big boy
shots or to show us your trophies okay
ah ah see in the bottom there you guys
look great there in the bottom ah okay
try getting frightened okay ready look
ah
Ripley's Believe It or Not that's got
one believe it hits coming right down
here he's getting a tooth right oh ah ah
you see I'll show you as soon as I can
get him to open his mouth okay so we try
again ah
open your mouth over here let's over
here over here like he's a baby bird and
trying really hard to show you guys okay
maybe dad can help maybe dad can help
later okay
okay mom hmm yeah you're just too cute
don't get cheese because then you won't
have a gum this grin anymore mmm don't
you put your coochie coo I'm trying to
get this shot oh no you got slobbered
rolls snap her through ah hey go did you
see it yeah it's so stubborn did you put
your coat back almost it's always sad
though it's fun when babies get teeth
him I start crawling and all that stuff
but it's also sad because then he loses
that toothless grin he's got a TV grin
now yeah you're gonna get Dumpty big not
crawling yet we still got him pinned to
the floor don't we you'll be a baby as
long as possible do not grow up don't
you have a crew
you guys want to go see how the chickens
are doing let's do something so we get a
bunch of hate comments
let's go punch him in the face so that
everybody in the comments can hate us
cut your guys's chicken please I've been
waiting for like six months to punch a
chicken let me punch your chicken please
i'ma punch it I'll punch your chicken
I'll punch him right in his face yeah
let me see him
what Oh welcome to Idol welcome to the
farm life I don't know how to do that
let me see your chicken baby tard they
let you hold them I'm actually surprised
they let you hold them look baby turns
in the chicken coop is one yours is that
one yours yes mom said cuz I think those
kids have tamed those chickens in one
day
you get him stand up oh it's on your
shoe you guys gonna watch for your
steppin hey that's part of being a
chicken owner you got to come out here
and clean up the chicken poop
let me see don't squeeze them too hard
and that I don't think he wants you to
hold it
yeah it's true let me see that one he's
a good chicken you guys are gonna be sad
the day we come out here to cook cook
these guys are never
you're gonna die someday might as well
eat them might as well make a delicious
dinner yeah they might make eggs though
shut the doors I don't wanna kill them I
said can we didn't school anything yeah
we visit the eggs if I'm and when I wake
up at the Monad get dressed and then
I'll look at the kit chicken and see and
I'll get the egg and then I'll cook it
will that be cool to come out here find
an egg from your chicken cook it up for
breakfast then go to school are you
gonna open up my egg cracker on the pier
for holding it flies off of my handies
and I just eat it and you want hard
boiled scrambled over easy what do you
think I just crack on it I just crack
him and put him on the hard-boiled
what's this one's name she's like I'm
out of here
very shy so I can remember my face
member your friend daily the
blond-haired daily all right we got
chickens we got Great Danes we got all
kinds
fun things to do I'm gonna go jump on
the trampoline I jumped on a trampoline
in a long time right you ready
we'll do a trick what trick should I do
that's what your backflip Franklin and
I'll do a front flip back flip that's
never been done before you in the
history of trampolines
nobody has ever landed front flip back
yeah no should I have it I did a
backflip front flip not a front foot
back foot nobody's ever done as a
possible oh it's not a twitch nothing's
is impossible you're right nothing's
impossible if you say Guinness Book
World Records give me a call let's go
see what's going on in the garage you
know what the best thing about having a
little brother is you can put him to
work for you check it out all right bro
it's looking good I like it
truck get to work young man I didn't pay
him 100 bucks to do it though it's a
nice detail though you got every nook
and cranny here thumbs are bruised
polishing it let me see the inside see
if I approve there any streaks on that
bad boy Oh Nelly Furtado that's a green
truck you did a good job my friend very
good job I like what I'm seeing and
smelling hey and plus I want the Pina
Colada air freshener okay on it okay I
don't forget which air fresher kind do
you guys use all about vanilla it's all
vanilla regional vanilla but see pina
colada is in vanilla is in pina colada
this is true what's that one like the
trees there's like a Cinna berry one
yeah it doesn't taste it doesn't smell
like cinnamon it's like really sweet you
know what when I'm talking about like
the pink one had it in my track - I love
that one Cinna Barry I think it is so
now that we got our trucks all clean
we're gonna go to the mud no we're not
competition in KC was just saying we're
gonna have a truck off when you
there is all of us Butler kids Drive big
trucks because we're compensating for
something I'm compensating for my lack
of shoe wear I don't have any shoes plus
you have a really small thought process
haha and your wieners tiny ha ha ha dad
I'm about to bite your mustache no don't
I'm gonna party news for you what I'll
punch your face what about what's most
important is my renter at the frat house
told me your son is a Disney millionaire
I said well not exactly he said what do
you want free right now tell him don't
let his daughters were producing why I
said why dad you can say in bed about
Disney get out of here you guys I love
Disney Disney's the best hannahmont oh
like a Disney stuff right oh yeah yes
weird why is these random people like is
were gone dinner are you dizzy no dad
you're not borrowing any money get away
from me I'll buy dinner tonight I'll buy
some wings mom I love you are you glad
we're home alright guys we're going out
to dinner right now to our favorite
restaurant where we going Wiener
oh you do have the same outfit where's
her jacket she needs a jacket from our
matching jacket right don't say a wiener
word lingers with the G alright so we're
here at dinner just reading some YouTube
comments here's a good one Wow shading
that blonde girl how does the wife not
know that babe I have something to tell
you
really I really I am I'm really sorry
but dating that blonde
I'll never know I like hot really dark
place what he's talking about
well I Steve's in a text me he's gonna
be pissed off Logan abran actually these
two are boyfriend and girlfriend if you
guys never watched her videos before
Logan and Carly they're married
recapture that face I made I just did
this with my eye
he'll give me a good thumb no you guys
make up that's a great fun no oh hot
blondes making out that's right a good
time ago whatever I was doing it I do
you want your hood off really here's
your brother why is your kid so
perverted Carl and Laurie
he's not even marching he didn't you
guys follow my dad on Twitter he's
trying to learn how to tweet any I just
told him to tag me he's like I don't
know how to do that means he may be my
sister right now dad you want you want
people to follow you on twitter sure
what kind of tweets can they expect from
you let's see that gesture and you too
soon oh those are the best kind of
Twitter you like funny interesting
things then follow my dad on Twitter
music and he's also mother
Colbie Caillat rock card to get your mac
and cheese he wants me to blunt I'm so
glad we moved back to Idaho so I don't
have to blow on his mac and cheese
that's grandma's new job
dad you blow on this is hot - Nolan I
miss New Market he loves you I think
he's a grandma boy now yeah I went to
his little memory didn't know me very
well he was scared of me that's kind of
him but denies not punch your grandma in
the face - that is a no-no all right
we're about to have dinner
chillin getting some alfredo noodles
having a good time and they had a
princess sprite it's like sherbert ice
cream and sprite they call it a princess
right both the girls ordered at 11:00 a
yummy Steel II to the noodle look all I
see the first noodle on camera here we
go
good luck joking
music we like it when me I'm trying to
get here you know he's like okay
he does the airplane to himself that's a
good kid you don't even have to do
anything gives himself the airplane oh
my goodness it's like a naughty but kind
of healthy salad salad yes man you
plopped that baby right there
thank you oh yeah that looks good mold
and a few extra reps tomorrow all right
Logan work me out good today he gave me
a good back and bicep workout a bad diet
yeah so my mom went the back of the
kitchen to say thank you oh she's gonna
get in trouble
my mom's running out of the back of the
restaurant she went until it Sanjar go
do it I'm gonna get in trouble
look at that in the evening sky light
doesn't that look nice what do you like
our new ride yeah what's that babe
drag it yeah you can drive it if you ask
Collette gift Africa lad it's not mine
hey what did you say to the cook I said
secret stuff
what'd you say to it you say thanks it
was really good I told you did a good
job on the riser high school what do you
think you know Emily no we're all just
joking around cuz the back door the
restaurant was open we're like what if
we all ran through the kitchen and then
my mom of course didn't you're so daring
mom and I know christmas card is all for
days except these juicers they keep it
with you if you would have fallen on
your yeah bit of arson are you gonna let
him drive am i gay
I told me I asked you Oh did he ask you
he didn't ask me Logan you have to ask
collect you need to go ask her
okay I got in friend Meyer you don't
have to let him you don't want him I
don't care
slow the markets your car okay you never
let me drive a FCA's at home act like I
was a survivor I have been in no wrecks
and you're a whore long driver I can no
Rexha never to my life Carly that's two
vlogs in a row you've been twerking
knock it off look at that would you look
at the life I recently installed lights
into my truck go check that out okay
Carly - up in I feel like I've seen an
Instagram picture like that joke are
things in school ah ah ah boy lot of
inappropriateness in today's vlog I got
apologize
retard wants to also apologize he is
embarrassed by his aunt's yeah daddy was
inappropriate - daddy said inappropriate
things I apologize I'm really sorry
we'll try to be but what are you talking
about unique you want to be on the end
slate you want to be on the inside in
the Shaytards blog love you guys thank
you're watching click on up in alecky
button this this rock broke what's your
name
Jackson hush your mouth you guys there's
actually a special video if you haven't
seen it me and Carly did a cooking show
on my shaycarl channel we uploaded it
yesterday click on that feelin lucky but
if you wanna go see it click on
yesterday's vlog we won't see the shader
- one two three four five years ago
today click on those buttons update for
this song and still not on iTunes don't
bring it up it frustrates me beyond know
of meme yeah oh there Mauro
