what you can't work like this okay
synergy you put in the car who's in a
car all right so we're Cooper's baseball
game and look at all these losers hiding
in the car it's the middle of summer
it's June whatever it is today why is it
so cold I think we're just gonna move
back to California mom I thought it was
gonna be summer here like slow motion -
mom you're back here - dad I can't have
them come by or my summer I'm out here
ruined for Cooper and you guys are
hiding in the Cebu borough the Cebu
Baroque it's 49 I'm like what is the 50
degrees no it's 49 degrees on the radio
49 degrees in the middle of June pull up
your weather application on your
telephone 48 degrees good job mom
you're the meteorologist of the family
my toes told me your toes like it's
approximately 48 degrees Fahrenheit miss
Butler but tomorrow it's supposed to be
79 speaking of butts you look good in
those jeans he might but mom I like your
butt too so whenever you're camping
wants a Navis walking behind behind me
you tell grandma she had a big butt
Princess hard I said I know that that's
not nice of you to tell me that it's all
right kids say the darndest things
she was probably following me the whole
way up there was just like man that's a
wide load in front of me great kids say
it is I mean you're having a great flat
mom it's wrong lady in the grocery was I
should have went stood with Myron then I
wouldn't look hot
her butt was like this big hello
everybody
and I - mo high withholding you it is
that your grandpa he is so happy yeah
he's pretty cool huh
hey thumbs up I'm top this is how he
shows he's excited he does this all day
long and they Cappy we got chickens and
dogs and the kids are having fun what
are you guys doing cooking cooking what
for me
awesome ugh no way oh that's gonna be
salmon fillets alright let's see what's
going on out here how do you do and
honey you can treat them what's he doing
look they have to stay dry in their
little chicken coop you got to leave
them in their chicken coop okay okay I'm
not going anywhere I'm staying up here
where it's dry Hey look at me you're
soaking wet
do you like being in Idaho yes - what is
it cold here yes it's a little cold
today it's been like 80 degrees every
day until the day that we decide to come
and now it's cold and rainy but you know
what it's kind of a nice change
it's a beautiful beautiful day even
though it's raining let's see what Shay
doing
we're talking business there is talking
boasting are not a businessman we are a
business hey is it that value someone I
like your tweezer on your head oh those
hair there's really got me mm-hmm
guys a better drill hungover yeah I've
had an allergic attack a fever I took
two benadryl I can't move my body to
when I have those react I take like five
are you are a lightweight I have to take
remember how much I have to
five is equivalent to a half of an
EpiPen dude if I took my pills but your
nerves are like butterflies right now
don't hard to fathom I'm flying I'm a
butterfly I remember my first two
benadryl talking about Carly did a
naturebox brand deal today
I'm proud of my little sister doing
brand deals Thank You Bobby
no fuss near naturebox come on you'll be
there box nature moving an extra box
hopefully turn a shoebox I have some of
my car attacked in my own years where is
it go get it I don't want to right next
William Smith I looked over at Ronquillo
bro please absolutely wrong can't you
guys are talking and I'll come in hey
what I'm leaving all this to care links
below okay Louise I that's right I love
you
oh listen hey guys I missed you come
here I love you guys I love you so
here's a situation I was supposed to do
a brand deal for naturebox yesterday
we're supposed to be eating the
naturebox in the car on the way to Idaho
as I snacked the car we didn't do it
because we were busy and it was crazy
definitely and so then my mom here she
comes
yeah mom ordered yours before my room my
BOB you guys when I did a nature box my
mom actually went and bought it not
because I told her to cool because I've
stuffed dogs yeah like that soccer
player that got kicked in the nose yeah
I think the white balance this yeah you
guys are so cold
look you guys are fans in come out here
so these are freezing cold yeah anyways
so bye Bob she said I'll do the nature
box for you and then she's like we'll
pretend that it was on my front step and
then all up
give me their seat that's a way because
I just like to be honest with these guys
when I know Karl called me and told me
it was here and I said don't open up
because it's like a present right order
what I want I want them to surprise me
so it's kind of like a Christmas present
what do you mean by that you whatever
surprise you can order um what you want
the does snacks you want or you just say
send me whatever here's nothing to tell
you guys remember when I did the very
first naturebox bread deal and I'm like
you guys should I do this they there's
so many of you guys signed up for nature
box at nature box wants nature brock's
that's our son Brock you just start a
business called nature Brock said you
could be naturebox competitor
I bought betta dress they want us to do
eight more of these because so many of
you guys signed up so I'm gonna ask you
honestly without being you know just be
by unbiased did you like the product oh
I really do fact we went on a family
outing with my sister's just adults and
she ended up taking all of that ones
well my joy yes okay are you ready to
put them up with see anytime so here's
the deal if you guys go to nature
box.com
Shaytards you get 50% off your first
order have you had these before give a
shout out to my Anna at my work she
ordered it
oh really hey thanks Rihanna for
ordering a nature box we appreciate it
oh I want to be these are cheddar
cheddar and onions sunflower kernels
open those eating better nom nom oh I
love peanut butter no no it's open those
beneath those right now you know Big
Island pine and all of my favorite these
are my favorite you guys wait for me
sea salt PUD oh there's pot of these pop
pops but now I'm back from mera NOLA
this is actually the funnest part is
open them all and seeing what that what
they sent you I'm gonna eat these
pineapples you guys take a big peak here
Big Island pineapple we want please hold
Mel's like pineapple looks like
pineapple OH mine's dead
my favorite one is a pineapple that's
really soft this is the cheddar and
onion similar Wow that's like a fruit
snack you take your shirt off take it
off what do you got wrap did you know
those are the peanut butter nom noms you
like it
any bite
talk love hi Gary
like it saving the kids like it alright
you guys get your own box go nature
box.com
the tree after you're on the trap
ringing for oh my gosh dude you're
training another yeah we were on the
strip is your time any minute please
bring a light game and jumping for me
holy crap go with some nature rock snaps
you guys sign up you get 50% off of your
first order and they're really good it's
really delicious and they're healthy so
check them out links below leaks love
and being back here in Idaho he's
running all over the place alright
Logan's making dinner tonight
boom what do we got here my goodness
gracious is that fresh salmon now this
right now you wouldn't die love die
which fillet would you like sir whatever
dude give me that give me that one that
one looks the most done it's the oranges
this one yeah right there oh yeah that's
some fresh thyme what is that those are
like cedar planks yeah you cook them on
cedar planks thank you my chef brother
nice Jeff brother
chef brother
they're so cute why he's bowing hey I
have nothing in those boobs
I was just squeezing your baby's neck oh
well I remember is this a whale excuse
easy I remember when Cooper was little
and breastfed babies when you squeeze
her nipple sometimes milk will come out
of a baby I was squeezing at knees
looking up down at it like saktophe
nothing here no my aunt's dog I wanted
to see if it worked
do you have a weird aunt I'm sorry uh
students have to get used to it yeah he
loves it he's mad huh I have this let's
take it right this dang I'll take it
home when you cry I won't know what to
do with you cuz i exac Apple pinches
nipple
yeah rock cards licking the bottom of
Logan's fee like it was mine the gloves
you
mom are you breastfeeding alright
I'm into that he can't hurt blackness
book to see you want in here you can't
handle this you can you can't handle
much work yeah we're gonna smooth
wondrous EPS and not stop doing oh you
made him excited when he was a boss like
he wants it what you can't work like
this
okay yeah I broke up it was a look at my
eyebrow you guys I'm so tired
oh oh so tired so we're staying here at
my parents house for a couple weeks what
we did buy a house but it's being
renovated right now we're having some
modifications made to it I'm very
excited about
so well we'll give you a house tour but
it actually probably for like three
weeks because they're still doing
remodeling to work on it maybe I'll take
you up there and show you the process of
it but we're staying to my parents house
and tell them today we're up at the new
house and I was cleaning out the garage
and sweeping it and there was all this
dust and just hay fever because it's up
in the mountains it's like way up in the
mountains and I got the worst like hay
fever allergic reaction like my lungs
closed bad I don't really get that
listen so yeah I hocked loogies for like
20 minutes I couldn't breathe my eyes
were itching red and so my dad gave me
two benadryl and then it was worthless
talk to me oh I was like as I saw
because we're not move Bay Lavi ate my
worthless
I'm so tired because just you guys know
movie is tough it's tiring and moving
boxes we already woke up with a road
trip hangover like this nice um we love
you guys we do thanks for sharing this
journey with us well yellow for y'all
for yellow oh we are kind of sharing
this journey with you you do your best
you Jude you choose me what's the best
friend song we can sing we're best
friends you're my best friend
oh yeah that is our song I knew there
was a song yeah you're my best friend
you believe in me I don't know what's
name like nobody ever has that was
awesome I made you a tape or was it
something sound wasn't a blur that old
it was a seat
we do have tapes though I made her a CD
with all of our favorite songs on it and
that was one of them oh my
tomorrow Oh guys I don't know why
forever love AV is awesome number one
hit single is not on iTunes yet Oh
usually the process takes 48 to 72 hours
there is a slim chance that your song
could be selected for a 16 day audit or
review which I hope that it's not stuck
in that because that means a song won't
be on iTunes for 16 Oh trust me I want
the music video up you guys I'm
frustrated I check it six times a day I
check it the first thing I do when I
wake up I get on my phone there's this
thing that you go to link maker which is
like a place to find iTunes songs before
they're actually like on iTunes I go
there I'm not exaggerating five to six
times a day checking if the song is live
I am sorry it's frustrating I'm to the
point where if it's not up by tomorrow
I'm just gonna upload the music video
okay
Avia you agree to that yes I agree
listen I know I want to upload it but
this is our job and it is a best
business practice to wait till the song
is on iTunes because yes it's about
money we'll make more money we're
splitting the money with Danny Richards
so I want Danny to make money and you're
getting the other half of it it's not
because I want more money I want Danny
to get a good cut of the song and I want
you to get a good cut for your college
education okay but if we upload the
video before the song is live on iTunes
then you know two-thirds of the people
who watch the video will not download it
if it's not on iTunes at the time that
the video uploads trust me I've been a
full-time youtuber for six years I know
what I'm doing here
no I've done daily vlogs for five years
I've been a youtuber for six give me my
credit bro but that's the reason that
we're waiting and I know you guys a lot
of units speculators cuz sure what's
more money because you want to sell it
on iTunes yeah like this is what I do
for a living I am a full-time youtuber
it is best practice to have the song up
on iTunes before we upload the video
Danny Richards and a via are both
splitting the money that we're making
off the iTunes sales so I want them to
maximize their opportunity you know it's
a good reason but it's so frustrating
you guys there's nobody in the entire
world who wants that video up more than
me I promise you that anyway thanks for
watching I love
this endslate I was supposed to use it
the day that we left California but I
forgot but here it is a goodbye
California in Slate and on a rainy Idaho
day we need it because we miss sunny
Southern California click on some boxes
we love your thumbs-up leave us a
comment thanks for watching as always
we'll see you tomorrow
