hi login here hey guys were on set of
our video for the moment you better wait
for it it's gonna be really awesome
we got ups hey so I see something that I
like is that we people know know what I
love moments like this where I'm on set
of a rap video in Los Angeles California
when I see a piece of broken rib galaxy
black granite I just remember back I
just you know I came over here and I saw
this I picked it up and looked at it I
just yeah I used to do this like that
now I do this for a living yeah so I was
getting remember where you came from
hey bro Todd you just gotta appreciate
where you came from yeah yeah yeah rat
and you're being ungrateful oh you came
from our homes being grateful
hi violet that's not good advice don't
do that listen here's a good advice as a
parent if your baby's crying the harder
you shake them the less surprise yeah
yeah that's horrible advice do not shake
your baby we want you if you shake your
baby I'll shake your baby if you shake
your baby wait what well I don't know
I'll shake you you say I think that I
wasn't you know she sounds okay I'm
nauseous right okay here we go ready and
action
nope
with my Bugaboo cuz that's how I okay
here we go
last time Albin with my Bugaboo because
that's as soon as she starts a that's
how I stroll just tilt down and lose her
and find that okay and the Jordan do we
not have any other water we might be
actually Jackson I think you uh they did
a lot of attention bro no think he's
complaining about this beautiful woman
just surrounded you like that thank you
he is I do daddy
is he hit the road mode time are we in
hit the road mode time well we gotta get
the block and then we're in time I feel
like we're done yeah week from hell is
over not that it was hellish but you
know just packing and getting everything
together and all these shoots we just
scheduled so much stuff it's been
back-to-back we've averaged about four
to five hours of sleep a night we're
exhausted but now we're done we're
wrapped on that shoot it's a rap video
shoot for the moms you it's gonna be
awesome
come on babe get that arm get that arm
and push that stroller with that baby
look at this street with these purple
flowers like over top whoa I feel like
it's like officially summer now we're
headed back to Idaho my mom's coming
into LAX right now she lands in 45
minutes we will pick her up I got it now
we're in the on the road mode settings
okay let's do this rogue fruit all right
you guys actually pretty exciting things
happening today because we're leaving
the van here to be our california car we
have to get another four
of transportation back to Idaho and I
think this is gonna do it for us
this is the Shaytards new ride you guys
think do you like it we like it got
eight people in that freaking beast it's
a beast now we're in the negotiation
process I love this part because I used
to sell cars so I know exactly what this
is all about you can't trick me okay we
got a sweet ride
you like it get your seat belt on young
man
like the new ride you like it well babe
what do you think you earned it it's the
new mommy van don't be bashful what do
you think is shiny it sucks this big
safe car for my big family we can fit
all of them plus we can fit one more kid
in there we can have one more baby
this fits eight people this is a good
time to tell you guys Coletta's prime
not know where we having sex all the
time then if you're not pregnant don't
tell him that what do that you like it
why do as you guys Colette feels guilty
for getting such a nice car it's a dang
nice car she feels guilty she feels like
you guys are gonna be mad at us or
judges they're happy for us no anytime
your friend gets something new and nice
you're happy for them like oh good for
them
I'm free if you're not I'm driving it
it's yours I know you're driving it I
don't know you got to drive it you drive
it home she's afraid to drive it you
guys she's so scared I'm driving my
truck you drive this okay enjoy it it's
yours
tuts what do you think dude you like it
you like the leather seats smells like a
brand new car smell don't it hey look
he's just looking all over the place do
you like it yeah awesome
all right get your seatbelt on you got
or we'll get you in the back let's love
you you're adorable
Oh grandma's here Gavin come give your
grandma hugs
go give your grandma's a hug what's that
dude - yeah done you guys Cecily had a
give you as a good day so nice dude you
guys have fun they're the La Brea Tar
Pits they went to all right grandma has
both the grandbabies and dachshund is
punching Winston in the eyeball could be
the main baby what do you think grandma
how many grandkids do you have now nine
nine grandkids that's one things that
grandma's do they keep track with her
grandma can't trust me and you love them
all which one do you love the most you
have to pick one if there was a house
fire which one would you grab I'd grab I
grab you che ha ha you win who cares
about these babies they have warble
credit scores they can't do anything I
tried to grab both of this you could you
could grab a bowl him I'm dropping him
Oh looks like she picked Winston it is
she doesn't love you bro you're cute
chubby you'd save your little brother
all right this is the Last Supper
here at the warehouse we've been here
hundreds of times we know pretty much
all of the waiters and waitresses by the
first name Nestle is here Rock tardes
best friend yeah hey Brock Brock we
gonna miss Cecily you gonna miss her
we're in Idaho and she cue the moon
she'll come and visit us in Idaho kay
give her a big hug and a kiss
she was kinda short and sweet saying
goodbye to our favorite cast you know
I'll Drive it up to the mountains yeah
you got to come up to Idaho and visit
almost right see ya
great seeing you thanks for watch me
great great starting to business with
you
we're gonna go to Hawaii in October
should we not tell them is that a secret
that's a looks I can't take us I'm not
going out like all the Mormons are gonna
come out in church thank you we did we
did to go to Mormon Church I'm bringing
casting to Mormon Church in Hawaii
awesome your new car yeah I did I did
you know cool I didn't want to show him
she feels bashful about it don't feel
bashful yeah it's a good thing it's like
for us Reynard okay car could not spend
that much all the options yeah there's a
lot of options we have a 64 inch flat
screen TV in there's also the Bible
hooked on tape the Mormon I'm not crying
she's crying looking for
if you hit play it'll service refine
alas 35s the first chapter yeah it
starts at first Nephi I it ends at
Armageddon Moroni is La Mirada and
Mordecai and Lana in the planet what's
the name of the planet the hole up hold
on
Kassem text me one night like 1:00 1:30
in the morning drunk
hey what's Koloff no I wasn't drunk
think I was I think it was because I was
thinking about space yeah your spacing
that's why it explained to them what
Columbus that I ought to bring up some
interesting Google Images hey you guys
go give Cecily hug you're watching
Shaytards blog you're living a shade
hurts log right now
jaim√© ago hugger hurry you say Jaime in
10 years I think he just got a shout out
a via from yourself those chairs we're
gonna miss you Oh see you you're gonna
come out to either home no cry that lets
his the victims in ten days I think
she's lying but that's the toy where to
be back on the 23rd that is really sick
yeah what's today today's like like will
be here literally in two weeks we've
back go say goodbye to Cecily and Casson
alright Ezekiel you ready to go back to
Idaho no you're not getting out you stay
right there okay we're all loaded up
we're blowing this popsicle stand the
new suburban is packed to the brim is
ready yes we're to drive back we are
rock turns having a coconut water having
a tallboy hum buddy rod Axton bro bro
tard baby tard you ready to go alright
we're back to the brim here we go follow
me
we barely got this thing and it is
packed every crook and cranny every inch
and crevice is full we got the trailer
KC's driving the 26 u-haul I got the
u-haul trailer Zeke he gets all the
backseat to himself because he's such a
spoiled puppy you shut your spoiled
puppy all right let's go bad boy to
Idaho we go five years ago we rolled
into this town five years later headed
back home she looks good in that any
guys think very gorgeous love you I got
Zeke a little blanket that he can lay on
back there he gets the whole backseat to
himself he's gonna be looking out the
window majority at the time I bet
directions to Idaho find Idaho we're on
the world do we exist all right here we
go
let's see how long is that 13 hours and
36 minutes yeah we're leaving Los
Angeles why's there so much traffic
six-lane freeway we're going 7 miles an
hour reason 32 - be why I'm excited
we're moving back to Idaho yeah I need
to turn off my country music look at the
eza who's they playing ninja I think
they're playing ninja or they learn how
to play ninja I'll run you guys over are
you playing ninja yep who's winning
will we just started how was the tribe
there's good come here and talk to me
you guys I want to talk to you literally
chat being a chatterbox the holy flippin
no claws on the page are bringing mom
leash management I'm so proud of you
onions my friend do what a trip Pete in
a bottle she's done that before she put
on one of Ron tarts diapers once and
peed in it here copy embarrass ya here
comes mom eat our dinner swag wagon
she's got the nicest car Zeke wants go
alright Zeke hold on you can get out
there's the swag wagon right there she's
been behind me she loves it she keeps
calling me I love this car I love it
mom's don't know what to do alright guys
I have to go I have to go pull up my car
in my truck and my trailer be right back
oh he's just doing his taxes you know
fourth quarter coming up and all he has
to have that estimated payment in by
October oh he'll get audited Oh actually
no uh-oh he's getting a drink that's
what he's doing
haha smart alecks so he's smart alecks
around here
Zeki a thirsty pussies I got him a new
color you guys if you like it nice I
thought it would match his coat the card
matches coat did he win he didn't win
you don't win bro all right it's worth a
virgin river in Mesquite Nevada you
can't gamble Rock chart wants to play
all the games this is like a little kids
fantasy with all these lights when I go
to the buffet here Mesquite
it's include rock-hard wants to gamble I
think he has an addiction you guys we're
trying to get him some help but it's
just hard yeah buffet Oh
Oh what time is a close oh and that's
really sucky that we messed it includes
only crime ribbon crackling oh that's
like we hate that what time to close I'm
tearing it down just most people wait oh
they're done an ankle down Jessica yeah
menopause now what I was seeing
that's actually a funny parody
don't you wish your middle-aged
menopausal woman it wasn't as hot as me
no that's not good
what would bar Baker do bar Baker would
you Bart would do that parody actually I
know a parody bar Baker's working out
right now
you probably do I'll shut up anyways
we're here at the Eureka because they
did the buffet was closed the Virgin
River did you get what you're gonna get
no I think I'm gonna get breakfast looks
fun Breakfast Club
oh I want I was into a podcast This
American Life about Molly Ringwald she
of Ephram the records club
yeah they're all in Saturday school yeah
yeah it was it was a podcast you guys
maybe have seen it on this American leg
were hurt in the podcast thought molly
ringwald letting her ten-year-old
daughter watch that movie for the first
time it was interesting really as I
would have thought Breakfast Club yeah
yeah this is named Xander Emilia Emilia
yeah yeah yeah yeah I want to watch it
again now that I'm an adult
you ER anyways we're about to have some
dinner it's 10 o'clock at night we're in
Mesquite Nevada held on the top of our
lives and we're coloring some mazes and
just having a good old time with the
closet and stage what'd you get dude a
funny face now bunny face pancake butt
sausage and bacon smiling at you I got
the waffle look at that waffle that's a
sunshine waffle if I've ever seen one
here Ralph would you get the Mac with
the grilled cheese baby guards trying to
make everybody laugh would you get
cheeseburgers got breakfast in there
Casey got just me that's it there's no
cure ugly to me yeah I got all
vegetables mom it's hard it got the
breakfast
Joey show whoa don't listen to those
lyrics that's cool
that's okay can you see me look guys I
have both hands on the wheel in the last
vlog Shay sat down and like talks about
his feelings and I thought you know it's
not a really long time since I've done
that in the vlogs I think for a number
of reasons like I felt really really
really busy lately and stressed out and
I think that's a poor excuse because I
think when you talk about how you're
feeling it's always a more it's better
like I could have been talking you guys
about I've felt but at the same time I
didn't want you to feel like oh she's
dressed up you know I didn't want to
hear those comments in my mind so I
refrain from opening myself up because
I'm afraid of the comments
and that's one thing that I I just don't
I don't like about myself is that I am
fearful sometimes and that's why I just
wanted to talk about my feelings to you
right now it's Father's Day and I first
of all want to thank Shay for being I
was a planning Greg I just want to thank
Shay for being the kind of father that
he is to my kids and the husband that he
is and not only to my children but to
many of you out there that look to him
as a father figure in your lives and I
just want to tell him that I love him
and thank you honey and I both hands
oh and anyways happy Father's Day you
deserve everything today and it just
happens to be the day that we are
driving back to Idaho where we started
and my feelings are full I have very
full heart and mind
I'm grateful I'm scared I'm excited I'm
all of those emotions who knows what the
future will hold but I do know this that
it will hold more family time with our
extended family as well as our you know
immediate family and more adventures I'm
sorry I didn't want to get long-winded I
just wanted to say Happy Father's Day to
my sweetheart who is amazing to me and I
love you I love you babe
here we go on to the next adventure you
guys join us I just wanted to comment
about my little head and my big hands
grab the looks bunny
hi guys these are my hands okay bye
can can watch out right in front of the
moving truck babe I think if he's gonna
car seat Kenny no I bet you somebody the
comments knows the answer to that let's
ask when it's gonna be too late by the
time I'm here can Brock right in the
front seat of the u-haul if we have a
poly not right I just say lookin out you
think it's safe for Brock ride in front
of you hall with a seat cursey yeah
that's what gage do but I mean what
would society think mom okay Society hey
man brother why would I say anarchy I
don't know might be some brother we want
to break any rules
hey Brock Uli's you want to ride in the
u-haul truck we got a gun me right you
wanna ride the big guy truck leave your
golf ball oh no way a Callaway - what oh
there goes the monster animal all right
you guys the last hour home we're gonna
be in Idaho Casey you sad to hand the
baby over I hope you don't wreck it you
know I just drove it 12 hour
Gavin's actually gonna judge dredd the
truckers who see me and Casey both had
our CDLs
what does that was that Sam for even
showing a commercial driver's license I
knew that it was a test to see B you
knew what that was because I used to be
a school bus driver and he used to drive
truck so you know a CDL is like a man
thing and
to drive the truck back off a school bus
is like a man big rig you I'll bet your
honor bucks I get back a trailer better
than you all right that's good that's a
YouTube video the next whatever what do
we call them adventures or no Bret was
doing him in the backyard a show
dude let's do all my head we just came
weed let's book Wednesdays back me my
truck
where's my 10 Logan's Tasha took it oh
my truck again sure Troy gets Logan
stretch rock no dude it's all gonna come
down to there's Beauty Oh truck we know
I will know Logan's like that hey Casey
Webster's man a contest who can hammer a
nail in better who can back a truck up
and a trailer better look at both cases
good at cooking a steak and elk quicker
you got it out quicker I can load now
come there Frank wish you can spider-man
spider-man can do all that yeah those
are just a few ideas you'll come up with
five ideas okay okay Logan come apart
with two to our 15 parts webseries dude
this is this real collaborations you put
it on the internet like some that we
like it we put it on maybe we can
monetize it that'd be great okay you
guys ready all right we're headed home
here we go
all right babe one more hour what do you
think I just want to go John is rock
hard
I think what's on your face were you
trying to hide your face because you're
embarrassed tell him what you did well I
was trying to like put lipstick on and
act like Maleficent and it ended up
being a big disaster and then I tried to
do a cat and it that became its dad I
gotta go he's gonna try to back up okay
well you look crazy love you okay we'll
see in an hour almost home to Idaho here
we go
we are home in Idaho was excited
wide open skies gentlemen hey I'm not
gonna lie to you it feels good to be
home smell this is where I grew up man
where do a lot of fun things this summer
and my nostalgia sysm if that's even a
word is really going to overpower the
excitement level of this summer we do a
lot of cool stuff I can't wait I've said
a thousand times I'm going to say it
again what are you excited me too here
we are all right you guys we're so close
for like 40 miles from being home but we
have to get gas one more time and I was
just telling the girl they said look at
those old folks they have rode with us
this entire time you're smiling the
whole way they have not complained once
they've smiled on this whole trip what
are you so cold well we're not sunny
Southern California anymore are we
mom even start those people I am sick of
those two damn old people I have looked
at their stupid faces for two days today
I would be is you just like are stuck in
traffic and you followed KC the entire
time I mean Braley said I have read that
thing about a hundred right hey ina
moving get loading hope this is not a
u-haul ad actually I kept thinking I
wanted a marker to put marker on there
big moustache confirm moustache on
nervous let's deface u-hauls property
that sounds like a great idea
hey you've been having a good trip he's
almost no I'm vlogging hopeful guessin
alright I guess I'm steak he's done very
good he's been a very good boy
except for you know what Zeke has scared
the crap out of me a few times because
like especially at night we're driving
I forgot that he was back there and all
of a sudden is right there but what Oh
see like yeah the gas prices compared to
California my darling 69 it's like a
dollar cheaper yeah that is we're gonna
save on milk on gas
potatoes are practical them away
Michelle Obama's trying to take potatoes
away mess with our potatoes Michelle
Obama
we're dinos we're the potato state she
says channels are too fattening so she
was taking channels off second well we
are all fat so we did it we moved to
Idaho
we did it official dad have you been
drinking again okay
I'm so happy run run and jump and
explore look at the ER there's so much
yard what there's a basketball oh my
gosh there's so much room things sub
coop to fire buddy good to see you man
no you freezin dude I need to get a coat
on till you get used to the weather man
this is awesome dance for me mom okay
where's ego man I love it Vicky all look
at him ruff like I've been wanting to
see this it no matter if we sit forever
and the fish don't buy
a jump in the river and cool ourselves
from the heat of the night Roz Vicki oh
you'd like that equipped so happy open
yards to run looking for guy you freezin
all right let's get a game going here do
it get a game do whatever you want it's
summertime in Idaho trying to see
something cool look behind you look
around turn around with that chicken
with you okay last thing to do before I
go to bed tonight it is like 1:00 in the
morning we have to go upstairs and scare
the girls with the chicken come pick it
God girls
okay guys close your eyes there's one
more thing I want to show you about this
house now that we're back where you guys
out okay close your eyes close them
close them look at him ah knock it off
with screaming you have to go reach your
hand in the cage and pull huh alright
we're going to just find the chickens in
the chicken coop okay
you can't look you have to reach your
arm in there and grab the chicken out
hey chin there check it out you got him
you chicken okay what are we doing is
that can you get do you recognize them
okay hey baby try to reach in there and
grab it right there any more in there
Emme eight years I think Avia has yours
favorite art let's hand them over
can you get it rock art dip it what's
his name Blackberry mine wasn't black
change
okay get black cherry get black sharing
blackberry like the phone on the Dorcas
that's okay baby print the star that's
purchased art okay go get black cherry
go get him
nice no get him doing it he's your
chicken grab him I can't why not look
he's right there
got him okay are you scared are you
afraid of black Jerry are you a black
cherry want to come out and see you walk
toward stairs those gummy no grab for
you will hold him
rock hard were you hold him you ought to
just leave him in there
no you want to get him out oh my knees
she's attached to yours
you touched my Nicholas oh okay give me
a black cherry we hold him here gonna
hold them hold them hold them I'm not
holding it okay your sister has got a
hole down okay let's go inside it's me
what time is it it's 12:20 in the
morning and we're out holding chickens
all right come on it's past midnight we
gotta go to bed okay I'll hold you you
guys see you tomorrow all right you guys
we are back in Idaho it is Monday and we
are moving all of our stuff into the new
house I had a giant like hay fever
attack so my dad gave me to Bennett
drills and now I'm like loopy and drowsy
so I really didn't edit this vlog as
good as I usually edit I usually take
like three passes when I edit a vlog but
this one I just did one and I'm gonna
upload it so it's probably longer and
it's not as cut as quickly as it usually
is hopefully it's good but we're back
you guys I'm just doing for the song go
up on iTunes once it's up I will upload
print starts music video trust me you'll
like it and it'll be up soon ish all
right love you guys I'm exhausted I will
see you tomorrow
