all right so it's time to move the
mattress down the stairs all right so
here we are today shoot one before we
get out of here we're doing a music
video shoot let's see how you're walking
to set you have to walk like a zombie
when your toenail polish and fingernail
polish is still our bird still drying
all right here we are unset with
danna-banana today so pink so pink
all right ladies it's gonna be pretty I
hope you guys like it I don't know what
it'll be up but a blank shooting editing
it so probably better are you okay oh my
goodness this is how he's walking this
legs hurt my feet my head hurts and we
have not sat down once in the past two
days but we are taking a break because
little bro charred I'm sorry dude we're
here again we're getting shot again
because it's time Holden you don't have
to go down anymore he's like oh thanks
mom
I think the Shay and I have a problem we
have a problem saying no to things and
we have scheduled two main things on the
day that we need to be out of our house
yes
so we've overbooked ourselves but you
know what we're just making it happen we
got shots today for this little one
because we're going to be gone and we
need to have his records from this
doctor here so are you ready are you
ready little man mm-hmm
yeah mom sure oh so I just realized that
I have bright pink lips
I forgot to wipe them off I just I
bolted to the shoot really fast I shot
for about 15 minutes with Shay and
have√°-- and Danna and then I he ran to
the appointment so I didn't realize
until I noticed this that he has pink
lips on his forehead can you see that
well you brought it you brought it up to
me and then I had to look for myself and
realized that I still have bright pink
on my lips and not that's a bad thing I
just don't normally wear like bright
pink lips when I'm doing everyday stuff
like if it's a date night or I'm
shooting than I do but he likes when I
got pretty oh yes I excited okay we're
gonna
every is round and angle evidently five
and twenty inches long so he's growing
hail toes oh hi are you daddy's ah
oh yeah happiness like me Cody Oh hate
this part
think there's no idea what's about to
hit him I'm sorry I'm sorry okay we're
back to normal do you want to tell him
all about it yeah you were pretty
traumatized for a minute there I'm sorry
guys I didn't film it I don't really
like filming my kids get shots unless
Shea's there cuz I need to have somebody
comforting the baby instead of like
filming it right I was comforting him
and now he's happy this is the first
time I've given him a bottle of formula
in it that he's actually taken it he
must have really been traumatized cuz
he's he's happy now tonight that bottle
you're just gonna play with it now you
milky face and of course I didn't I have
another blanket in here so I'm using my
jacket that's the kind of thing you do
when you're a mom okay what did you
think of your little brother getting
shots today
oh yeah but gotta get them see it gotta
do it right did it make you sad we were
just kind of like okay beat up bro a
little bit yeah alright that's a wrap
yeah nice job what do you think do you
like it I want to show too much yeah I'm
excited about the video Sin City finger
right no don't tell him it's a secret
he's left to wait and see Saturday rawr
don't ruin a ping pong table what are
you doing
you know they're and then my buddy
Jarvie is here taking pictures you guys
remember when I did that gigantic rope
swing with Devin Supertramp I got that
one really cool shot where I'm hanging
upside down from a slackline it was my
avatar for a while this guy took that
picture this guy has been travelling
around America has been to 43 states and
how many days how long has it been been
on the road for 250 days that's about a
year just about a year follow this guy
on Instagram it's the
Jarvey je r bi e j AR VI e for some of
the coolest pictures you've seen all
around america this guy's been snapping
photos he's making a book at the end of
the year I can't wait and then he was
here today taking some shots so
hopefully by the time the music videos
up I'd be some really cool
behind-the-scenes pictures that he took
yeah for sure check him out check him
out Blake Oh Ricky Ricky's wearing my
tie
hello everybody this is Ricky he's a
head of operations here at make a gun
yesterday put this on they promoted me
standing stiff I'm proud to have that
beard stand in for me that is I'm bad
right Lee delicious beard I love that
beard this is it let's rub our your skin
yeah that's hard pervert
unison jealous if you don't have a beard
as cool is up wait alright that's a wrap
check out loose video be up on Saturday
hopefully we'll see rock cars are there
making friends on the other side of the
window
you made a buddy made of buddy
hey over here neat Raquel cedilla come
over here Rock chart thanks big sister
all right so it's time to move the
mattress down the stairs I just backed
into the wall and had tagged my head I
was perfect okay you can jump off the
stairs each three times onto the
mattress okay each person gets three
jumps who can jump from the highest Oh
mommy tired I need you to go up there
and jump one time okay go no you're
right I see slowly gets up you're gonna
go from there all right just be careful
let's see it it was just second-guessing
it you got it go slant on your side do
it it won't slide thanks man appreciate
it one two three go
let's go rock hard baby tired go nice
rock tired your turn go nice scorpion
scorpion all right mommy tired let's see
it no go up one more for your
four-year-old is jumping higher than you
are
okay go no I am actually proud of you
even for doing that don't pee your pants
just land on your feet I'm a butcher
that and yell get back go your yeah rock
cards turn whoa all right so that's all
our stuff and then Casey and Caylee get
about six feet to put all their stuff
I'm gonna squeeze it in there if I could
I would like to tell something my
assurance on this house I would light it
on fire dude I'm not even joking as we
were driving over here I can hear stuff
in the back falling I'm like you know
what I wouldn't even care if we just
lost all of this crap I'll just do it
should get a fresh start
that's what every good hoarder needs a
house fire to start over Hank everyone
needs a house fire one house fire your
lies - if you had a house fire I
apologize but right now I would go for
me that's probably not very nice if you
did have a house fire we apologize I
just wouldn't want to lose like pictures
and like documents but all this crap
it's just crap gram all the pictures I
saw your Instagram
all's I would worry about is like my
birth certificate and like my high
school graduation thing but computers
and TVs and clothes I don't care
start over oh sure you sir know you're
rich no I'm just sick of all the stuff I
want to live a simpler life I'm not rich
and I say that yes that's what I'm about
it's like we don't need this how do we
how did we click you remember we showed
up here get a truck and tenth of the
size of that look at all this stuff he's
a little buggy we have to decide my car
basically and we had everything we
needed and over three years I could wire
all this BS all right you guys you guys
were the movers start on loading it up
go through the house baggie there your
two sons
go on climb under gotta climb under you
climb under go underneath climb under
babe here hand me him I'm a baby come
here baby
okay climb under here comes mommy you
did all kinds of crazy stuff today
jumping off stairs like a crazy oh
goodness
my back's gonna be black I will visit
you look we almost got it all packed oh
good yeah
well no we might have to rent another
one is this oh I bet it well yes they're
great ask them ask them are you were
ready now no let's just practice and
then wait look this is a run-through
do you guys wake up what do they call it
weekly recaps the weekly Shaytards
recaps on maker TV slash Karl says it if
you're not TV every Saturday you guys
know that right right you guys know that
every Saturday we're doing a best-of
right here Denny's flogs edits those
babies for us I know what's the best he
does it's the best of all the vlogs of
the week so she's saying goodbye to us
this is the end of an era I just posted
on an Instagram you remember the first
time you came here have you been here
multiple days yeah but it's been like
four years years years any blast movies
here was Joe Penna mr. guitar man and
Sarah's like they were here oh yes yeah
nice
doing one of my favorite memories is
there used to be a piano in the back
Lisa Lisa Nova and Danny diamond used to
live here one of my fondest memories
here is when nicepeter was playing the
piano and we were singing all these
songs in the back and fires and all
kinds of stuff our
I think yes it was it was or like right
when it was like right when it started
but you guys check it out I'll put a
link maker dot TV Denise edits the best
of weekly Shaytards yeah it's very much
I want all of this clip out of it okay
don't leave any of this encrypter back
we packed up case no you ready to go
Casey the truck is full and the door is
closed but you still have what's all
this stuff do you guys want
if you guys want show up here 2901 yard
continuous straight 2901 East yard sale
straighter check it out alright we're
ready
go alright dinner at Island burger right
before we leave California remember last
time the islands yeah not true I think
you're sad I don't think even braids you
guys guys he's dying no I'm seriously
gonna think he's gonna die oh no oh he
died he died you guys good are you happy
hi baby boy
all right so we basically just brought
all of the mess over to the apartment
Ezequiel it's almost done we're almost
done
so this is all stuff that we are leaving
here at the apartment hey babe we're
still loading in some more good job
you're such a good helper thank you is
it bring it on in
tips you know super surfboards leaving
all Beach stuff here I'm just vlogging
you should I help I gotta go guys I
gotta help bye now we surf down the long
dark hallway yeah alright so this is the
storage sheds where we're keeping all of
our fun stuff scary look at this hallway
lights
haha see I just say lights they turn on
alright bring that fancy right right on
in here
load it up alright this is the fun room
whenever we come to California will have
some surfboards and bikes and stuff to
go down on the beach on we get a bunch
of beach balls in here next hey how long
do you think you can last in here let me
lock the cheap said just once you would
I lock Sun tarde in there earlier and he
freaked out because it can be kind of
scary all right what do know funny guys
my dad snuck in the closet somebody come
out needs to watch my button say click
on the video it sync click on a video
that made me laugh your buddy
hi guys love you click on a video sorry
the vlog has been late the last couple
days we're have like shoots all day at
maker studios mixing with moving and
packing new hall getting ready to move
on Saturday it's insane our life is
insane right now and I feel bad the
vlogs have kind of taken a backseat but
we got a lot of crap to do you guys
understand
we'll be in idaho soon and you will guys
will be the most important thing to me
OK ROCK card sorry I'm gonna I'm gonna
pay attention to the videos more than
you know is that cool he's shaken has
had eaten watermelon
love you guys see you tomorrow
