he seemed pretty excited about it seemed
pretty pumped about life in general like
an overall exuberance about your
existence is that true
that's pretty high that's past the scale
hey thoroughly I bought mom eat our
roses on our first night here look our
tight sweetheart
we're leaving he's ready oh man we have
a Miranda sings movie night lots of
tacos hangover and it's 8:00 a.m. and we
have to catch a flight so we're up and
Adam gets hired yeah so hard getting up
this morning tired all right we gonna
make this flight babe sure try
we're in Russian or good at this we're
really good at almost not making our
flights because we like to I don't know
why we booked them some really Dax come
on dude I know you're having your beauty
sleep but it's time to go to our
airplane said whoa whoa what okay I had
a neat I had like two more hours planned
he doesn't want to wake up none of us
wanted to wake up all right we're out of
here see you later at all saying Julis
watch this debate no wish I was a
two-year-old I could just just lay there
like nope if you want me to go on my
airplane you'll have to carry me there
sure I'll go if you had dress me and
carry me and go sit me on the toilet so
I could take a pee but as long as I
don't have to exert any physical effort
sure I'll be there because you know like
this is your guys's decision and not
mine and it was up to me I would just
continue to lay on that soft pillow rod
what are you going Donatello's coming no
I thought that was Donatello who's that
who's Gordo who's the blue one let's go
come on seriously we can't be vlogging
yeah yeah I brought Pharos the bad guy
and Michael and Joe is the whole time
that was fun you guys any get your ninja
turtles straight all right let's go
let's go to the airplane I saw you
rolled your eyes at me young lady
dad's lame go try to get your brother
Jackson in a good mood kay okay go tell
them the merits of being cheerful in the
morning okay
okay Miranda see you let's trim my beard
oh all right we're pulling up oh yes
unload everybody come on Dex all right
guys have you ever taken off Los Angeles
International Airport
it's a crazy mess especially when you
have five kids you gotta unload I got my
backpack here we've got about four
suitcases no stroller today that's good
news that'll help reduce the drag
through the airport okay let's Illusion
unload this uber
a loot this little guys we're out of
here yeah buddy Gavin's is travel or he
knows how to do this all right let's go
check them in let's go check check check
him and thank you sir appreciate it you
did really hey you guys this dude is
very pioneering the makeup game would
you say yeah would you say I'll tell
them who you are what you do I have
James Fallows the official first ever
male covergirl
Oh can you watch the shade hard walk I
have no idea oh yes of course of course
big awesome and he's headed back home
right now unfortunately I'll go back to
school tomorrow do you wish you could
stay we're like way too like man who
stay two more days
these guys got school to see school
ruins everything truly who the porno
stand yeah unless you want to be on
covergirl then you know just doing
alright well good to meet you that's
Sophia hey Dex
you got the ukulele yeah I got the food
I got a lemonade did we no no we didn't
bring it we sure yeah no should we leave
we leave it Luba what do we do do we
leave a ukulele in the is that your
phone she gets back to the apartment I
hope so
nay we are in the Salt Lake City Airport
waiting for our luggage let's doing a
dry lip there in the background what's
going on if are we done for our back
screams stuff in Chicago so we don't
lose ourself come on those are stuff you
seem pretty excited about it
seemed pretty pumped about life in
general like an overall exuberance about
your existence is that true
that's pretty high that's past the scale
yo yo yo yo just like that we flew on an
airplane landed on the ground safely
luckily and now we're in Utah where
right now well actually we're outside
but were you following thanks for
clarifying we're currently outside but
we're gonna walk moments away from going
inside an actual building where the Trix
and stores help they keep it inside this
building up here I think they call it
the mall let's go check it out we are in
the elusive tricks in school we're
breaking in breaking in here just barely
away here we are I'm gonna still some of
this I need some new shirts jeez have
you ever been to our tricks in store we
have our own store in the mall look
right across from the Foot Locker
anyways come get some in suits that sell
those winter's coming soon oh what's
that oh it's so blurry you guys check
out the new tricks and fall designs you
got cool shirts I think this is so cool
I don't know how much longer we're gonna
actually keep the store in the mall
because as you can tell it's not that
busy but you know it's a really good
place to keep all of the stuff that we
send you guys around the world but this
is home base tricks and home store and
then we send this all over the world to
you guys look we got a ten dollar rack
even come in here guys get some of this
$10 rack look at these guys in here like
that dude back there oh look how lame
was so a picture of my face on it
I love these new shirts Carly has a new
ice cream shirt really like in the you
scream ice cream it's also ice creamy
you guys know we sell most rocks we sell
moosh walked in here huh team Internet
you know saying all right you guys
Colette actually has some of her own
designs that she designed that are
coming out very soon and so we're taking
some pictures today will show you guys
some of them right
I'll never find them we're in the back
here okay you just do you money I'm
gonna have you go back after they've
done hold on I'm gonna have you go back
to the corner and then just walk this
way that looks just like super tight
doesn't have a zoom but it's good right
here
let's do one more
I like it good
you guys go on okay Shay nigger laughs
no take-backs
