hey daddy I love that baby you have that
baby right there
all right the musicians are back how did
it go did you guys record a masterpiece
the number one hit how'd it go I have so
much closer yeah blood Oh some
sandwiches did you do good yes we did a
double where I say and then I sing again
with that is it
we recorded what would I do here you
layered it that it's called Anna layered
it later did some reverb and pretty
stuff I love reverb and pretty stuff so
you guys we are shooting the music video
on Wednesday it's an original song by
dan-o Richards and Princess tizzle and
I'm directing the music videos so I hope
you guys like it I think it might go up
this weekend on Saturday I don't know
yet
do not hold me to that but we are
shooting it this Wednesday so I'm very
excited I think it's gonna be awesome
you guys are gonna really like it get
stuck in your head just like a couple
times I've heard Princess hard singing
it I'm like singing it for the rest of
the day
is
Oh life is
Danah is a master at song streak song
stream that's not a term I just made it
up alright good job ladies let's go to
movies have food let's go to you the
movie I like that song
let's go to the movies we'll have so
much fun let's go to the movies it'll be
a great day
what's the song good sing it I like that
accent it's cute is that it good yeah
gave T the loo guys hear me say much fun
let's go to the movies we'll have lots
of fun let's go to the movies it'll be
so much fun let's go she's funny
Colette guys something I have to ask for
some permission babe can I title today's
vlog double backflip nut squisher said
okay are you out okay that okay it's
nothing different than title game in the
back it's true I really squished it you
guys it hurt it came out of the harness
it didn't pop but it felt very
uncomfortable be careful when you go on
those trampoline harness things you got
to make sure all the furnitures in the
middle of the living room if you know
what I'm talking about
hey daddy well I love that baby you have
that baby right there yes Dax then why
do you love him so much
this is Beck's you love him because he's
Daxton is there any other reasons why
you love him
wah yes how many how much do you love
your little brother
give him a hug give him a hug and a kiss
he loves you you know he loves you oh
that's a good boy brother
yeah he loves you he loves you very much
you guys are gonna have so much fun when
you just get a little bit older and you
can start running around the rock card
will show you all the cool things that
jump off of huh daddies we can go a pain
drive to Idaho House champion me go to
Grandma's house and jump on the
trampoline he's gonna have to teach you
how to jump on the trampoline
can you show bro chart how to jump on
the trampoline Wow
all right he's excited to teach me Big
Brother I love you guys
oh you're a good brother you're a good
brother hey do you know what tomorrow is
yeah what is tomorrow yeah it's to my
foot hey I can be four-year-olds
four-year-olds held our univee tomorrow
bro
you're only seven months old you're
gonna be four years old tomorrow yeah
making Luka watch what do you want for
your birthday
Batman Legos yeah okay I'll get you a
Batman Legos I love because you do you
want to build something cool can you
build that man Wow okay cool do a
spider-man or Superman Legos i won
Captain America legal this bland Michael
Newport Lego and
let it Batman Lego Ironman I go in oh
who let go so you are all the Legos all
the superhero Legos oh ah super
homemaker oh the super hero Legos he
wants all the superhero Legos are you
know that bro tard play with your Legos
you gonna share Oh at least he's honest
you better stay out of your big brothers
Legos you'll get a black eye buster I
play with Legos I love you guys I know
you do LMU do you guys thank you so much
for your yo mama jokes Shay's really
literally rolling on the floor laughing
yo mama's so fat that her blood type is
gravy your mama's so fat she walked in
front of the TV and I missed four
episodes your mama's so fat NASA sent a
satellite into her orbit to study her
gravity
here's tell me why can't the daddy be so
fat
give me a give me whatever does no
disappointed yo mama joke
what because boys love their mamas so
they know that if they offend their mom
it's not condemned or just I mean nofa i
just they're funny oh here you go your
mama so gorgeous her name is Colette oh
really that's a good one Lee eleven
mommy thar likes that one yo mama's so
fat that when she wore a yellow raincoat
a guy said taxi your mama's so dumb that
she climbed a glass wall to see what's
on the other side
alakay alright it's time for dinner
because we're moving there's not much
cooking going on
we're trying to pack everything up so
it's a lot of takeout and a lot of
eating out and you know my favorite
place to get tacos I am NOT sponsored by
these guys if they wanted to offer me a
brandy oh I would love it these are some
of my favorite tacos they are so good I
always get the classic tacos chicken and
the sauce is delicious anyways we're
taking a bunch of stuff over to the
apartment but first we have to get
dinner hey how do you have these sister
can you get me a root beer say pretty
please with sugar on top
cherry all right sorry did chill a
cherry on top one thing I love about
this place is they have fines you've got
to have lines on your tacos it's like an
international taco rule if you don't
have limes on it then you're just not
even good tacos all right let's go let's
go everybody's got a bag everybody's got
a help everybody's gotta help you got
Rubio's all right here we go so we're
trying to kill two birds with one stone
taking a bunch of stuff over to the
apartment plus getting dinner and it's
just crazy we're taking all of our
summer fun stuff so we can have it here
on the beach beach chairs surfboards
bikes I think I have a skateboard in
there somewhere boogie boards all the
stuff that we're gonna walk for the
ocean also I'm taking all of our
survival kits over to the California
apartment because if we're ever here
visiting and there's a giant earthquake
we're gonna need all of our survival
equipment because we're gonna build a
huge survival kit in Idaho so I want to
leave all of the ones that we have here
in case there's an earthquake flower
visiting that's one huge thing I'm
grateful for that we never experienced
while we're here in Los Angeles is a
gigantic earthquake they are so scary
we've had a few like I've probably how
many four earthquakes there was like a
3.8 and I think a couple weeks ago we
had a four pointer but nothing big or
that damaged anything just like feeling
that shaking and since I felt a couple
anytime I feel any vibration in the
house I have this like that earthquake
sudden earthquake it freaks me out so
I'm very glad that we're going back to
Idaho we're a giant volcano and
Yellowstone can kill us instead of an
earthquake
why does the world have to be so cool
well the monsters right dude you know
I'm your daddy and I'm gonna protect you
against all monsters okay
I'll punch him right in his big monster
nose that's what I'll do cuz I love you
I love you too I'll punch all your
monsters and your boyfriend's okay do
you hear that says are you better watch
yourself
speaking of natural disaster there's
just like six ambulances and two fire
trucks that just went by that was an
over-exaggeration it was one ambulance
of two fire trucks but great whenever I
see an ambulance or a fire truck I
always think wherever they are headed
right now they're de life is a lot
different than mine and I feel blessed
and say a little prayer for them at the
new apartment bro tardes chillin on a
couch we got some nachos and tacos and
tacos and nachos
yeah everybody else pray for the start
we say it for us over here let's pray
fold arms Heavenly Father thank you for
this wonderful day because that we have
a good time that we cannot be a tragic
birth ever and then we want on to
Barragan have a part in putting together
Cristina hey man what does it mean to
hold on to the iron rod you may have
heard us say that before in a prayer
what does that mean to hold on to the
iron rod cuz we've been like reading
about it and so I started saying it
glowing rod is like where we get to go
to heaven it's kind of like a guide the
iron rod is like a guy right guides you
to heaven so don't like what when you go
off iron on it like means you're getting
kind of bad like you're not really doing
well take yeah that's a pretty good way
to define it it's kind of like in the
mists of darkness of this world where
it's hard to know what's right and
there's all these decisions to make and
there's all these voices shouting at us
to do different things the iron rod is
like the straight and narrow path a lot
of you may have heard of the straight
and narrow path it's kind of like that
thing that you hold on to even if your
eyes were closed you just hold on to
this solid firm iron rod and lead you
through the dark it's from the Book of
Mormon it's a scripture about a prophet
named Lehi who had a dream where his
sons and his family were like wandering
and they were lost in the mists of
darkness and there was an iron rod that
led them to this tree that had delicious
fruit and when they ate the fruit it was
like so good and the fruit represents
the love of God so the iron rod holds us
straight and true so that we can get to
the love of God not necessarily heaven
but the love of our Heavenly Father
that's kind of what
and tacos you get tacos at the end
that's the reward if you follow the
straight narrow path there's tacos with
lime juice
alright we're eating tacos and watching
KC levere on TVs I love technology
that's awesome
how many of you guys watch blogs on TV
there's Bray Bray there's little baby
Winston okay we got everything loaded
it's time to go back home oh we have so
much more to do before we leave
hey what the baby I think we do can we
live like this no I don't like that idea
why do I want to go see your son up here
son the Puffin brother well we don't
walk on my hands good thing I have a
backup hat just in case you have all see
my workout every play is I need a
workout hat Brad that's right okay let's
go home grace you gonna race no that's
why that is why I love you back home all
right
rooms looking good how are we leaving
these shelves here we're not taking him
so yeah all right they're like 21 cents
shelves are staying here hey do you have
a hand tell him what he just did back
just just go looking at me and it's like
this is the first time I've called him
for a little while and he goes he's
looked at me goes ooh huh like did you
see this I have a hand
oh look kind of show me to the hand I've
had 200 just Apple hard to the
testicular Oh scratched me oh look your
hand he smiles at his daddy cuz he loves
him what about your desk we bring in the
desk yeah yeah skateboard you bring a
skateboard that's the Logan's actually
isn't it yeah don't tell me off okay you
guys don't tell though can we have a
skateboard that he bought at Universal
Studios or universal walk where do you
buy that you
CityWalk sorry guess you know California
better than I do
haha one of my favorite thing about
Great Danes is this look to him first he
wasn't water buddy all right
here here's your water bowl this is
where he drinks his water I love it
because we never have to fill up water
for him he just comes to the faucet when
he's thirsty
I put the stopper on fill it up he
drinks to his heart's content then I
turned the water off he's so tall I'll
usually put water in his bowl when I
give him food but a lot of times he
doesn't drink it I think he just likes
to drink it out of the faucet because
it's like right at the level where he
doesn't feel like he's had to bend down
even though we have one of those
extender bowls because he's so tall it
like comes up I still feel like it's too
low for him so he likes to drink out of
the faucet because it's like perfect
drinking height he loved that doggy he's
like a horse huh
kidding a you just cost ya what are
you putting on give that big dog a hug
first
I'm a big squeezer oh that's sweet all
right let's go look at your room done
Zeke all right drink the rest of that oh
boy all right let's go look what what uh
hula hoop no uh Jesus oh that's sweet
you guys get everything cleaned up I
found it then I'm gonna bring that pack
that we gotta take that you put it in
your new room and I know okay all right
the shelves are empty got a last couple
boxes in here and then this room is done
just like this vlog Wow
it is June 10th 2014 that means four
years ago today Little Rock Card entered
the world any of you guys see the movie
The Truman Show it's pretty famous show
I'm sure majority of you have heard of
it it's with Jim Carrey and to show
about how they filmed this baby his
entire life like he was the reality show
you know they like hid cameras in his
Christmas tree and he was like stuck in
this fake world a little far-fetched but
kind of the truth for a little baby rock
card he could be considered the true
life Truman baby
and I don't know if I like that term
because in that movie it seemed pretty
like constricting to Jim Carrey's
character like he wanted to get out and
live his own life
I feel like rocked hard lives his own
life you know we just film like 15
minutes a day and he's not like the main
focus but he has been on camera every
single day of his four-year life which
has been pretty crazy which means there
are some of you who have been here for
Rock cards entire life and today is his
fourth birthday that makes me a little
emotional actually so thank you for all
of those who have truly been part of
this family since Little Rock card was
born we love him and and we know that
you love him so uh we appreciate all the
happy birthday comments and you were
gonna get him some presents we're
actually gonna wait till we get back to
Idaho to celebrate and we're gonna have
a big party with Grandma and Grandpa and
all the grandkids and we might do a
little something for him here but we're
just trying to pack up and get out of
here so hey if here's something that
well I was gonna say here's something
that would be cool for Rock tour get
happy birthday rocked her trending on
Twitter but to be honest he doesn't give
a crap about that in my mind in my kid
that'd be cool because I would help us
get more subscribers so if you want to
do something for Rock charts birthday
for me and to help further the cause of
the Shaytards if you got
happy birthday rock card trending on
Twitter that'd be pretty cool and he
could look back and say I was the number
one trending topic on my birthday when I
was four years old in all of the world
on Twitter that would be pretty cool
that might be a cool momentous thing to
look back on alrighty so if you don't
follow me and Colette on twitter and
hashtag happy birthday rocks where we
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
click on some things you know how to do
it there click click click that's some
stuff we did a long time ago ok see you
tomorrow
