book club alert book club alert we are
starting a new book on the wind the kids
go to sleep podcast book club that's
right we have a book club in honor of
the number one movie in the country a
box-office smash hit The Fault in Our
Stars and to pay homage to my good dear
friend John Green we are gonna be
reading The Fault in Our Stars more
listening you guys know that when I work
out and when I'm busy or I'm trying to
multitask I love listening to audiobooks
you guys have heard me talk about it
before but there is a way that you can
get this book for free if you go to
audible.com slash Shaytards and sign up
for a 30-day free trial membership you
get one free audio download I suggest
that you download the book The Fault in
Our Stars I've really wanted to talk
about this topic on the podcast it's
something that I think a lot of us have
a questions about why do we suffer why
if there is a God then why does it seem
like there's so much unnecessary
suffering and I think this book talks
about that and you know really kind of
brings that subject up why do kids die
of cancer why does anybody suffer
unnecessarily not like we're going to
answer that question but I think it's
something important that we should talk
about so if you guys want to be part of
the Shaytards when the kids go to sleep
podcast book club download The Fault in
Our Stars we're going to listen to it
I'm going to talk about it on the next
coming podcast and maybe by some crazy
miracle if we all hope and pray maybe we
could get John Green on that podcast
he's like a big deal now it'll probably
be hard to get make that happen I'm not
promising anything but that would be a
dream come true of mine I'm not gonna
lie to you guys I kind of have a man
crush on John Green you've heard me say
it before he is a intellectual dreamboat
I also will divulge this little bit of
information I've had to dreams about him
this week I'm not gonna say what they
were they weren't weird or anything like
that he intrigues me he's such a genius
and he's done so much good for the
YouTube community and for the world in
general with you know the project for
awesome video on the the vlogbrothers
are amazing dude so download the book
join the book club I'll put a link right
here audible.com slash Shaytards to get
the link and to download your FREE copy
of The Fault in Our Stars it's so good I
loved the movie the movie was amazing
you gotta check it out
who's ready for a Shaytards vlog roll
that intro right log in here well well
well it's you again
hey how's it going man haven't seen you
in like 48 hours how we've missed you
guys here we are today it is a beautiful
Saturday when I say beautiful that's
subjective some people may not say the
today's beautiful because it's a little
overcast but I like it when it's
overcast it's not so bright but it still
feels good the tip oh my goodness
gracious
nice look oh yes you it is not on the
bench on the bench right there by the
palm tree look on the bench down there
who is it who is it
you see him walk on a bench at a palm
tree
who is that oh yeah me you guys it's him
Captain Jack Sparrow in person check it
out it's him it's Captain Jack he must
have just parked the Black Pearl and
he's just chilling here in Venice Beach
well I did not expect to see Captain
Jack Black sparrow Jack Black no look
you look like you look like a pirate
with your hat Jack Black get it jack
black captain budget so we're down here
enjoying the beautiful weather and the
weekend and Colette is actually shooting
a video for her channel and we're all
gonna be in it because she cast all of
us she cast us as her family because in
in track Xiu ality that's what we are
her family anyways it's gonna be video
on her Channel
check it out we're shooting it down here
as a family because we love each other
and we support each other's ambitions I
don't know what the heck I'm saying I'm
just here to get a churro I basically
have two goals today one get a delicious
churro and two I want to find a
Shaytards viewer and do the secret
handshake out in the wild I haven't
actually done the secret handshake with
anybody any of you guys yet so that's
the goal today only Sun tarts so far and
mom actually
you're good at it cuz we've been
actually doing this and trade for a long
time
tardes what I would love to do is see
somebody with a shaycarl or shade tart
shirt before they see me and go up to
them and then just like go right up to
them and Surprise them and do the
handshake so I'm keeping my eyes peeled
for anybody with a Shaytards shirt on
out here guys I found one check it out
where the Shaytards shirt oh nice hey
buddy give me the secret handshake you
know it nothing Shaytards shadow
you're supposed to whisper it I love you
nice shirt bro
all right we met some viewers down here
on the pier what's your name Rachel do
you know the secret handshake okay I'll
shake there then go like this and pull
it out like this
bounce it hard you have to whisper
remember nice give me five
guys please say hi to Rachel I think
rocks oh nice go swing on the Rings
nice nice nice what are you doing
yep we I love those my favorite rings
he's good at it she's really good at it
Alessandra what are you doing down here
I wish got a coffee what a coincidence
strolling here hallo Oh give us our baby
back why people still in babies I'm
taking this all right take him we got
too many anyways see you later we're
gonna adopt this dolphin job dude
you like that boo yeah get high yeah I
can get
whoo oh do a back flip your back flip
yeah
go backwards the 50 loves it
okay so we're going to be doing one of
these rubber band trampoline jump things
that I have not done for probably 15
years I think I remember doing it once
at a fair or carnival when I was a
teenager and I'm about to get on this
thing and square it up and bite reared
up I mean tear it up and shred it share
it I'm about to tear it up here we go
Rock guards yelling Superman
yeah that's lip good job dude
you want to go next bro no I'm not
filling it Oh too bright too bright okay
ready rocking on the jumpy apparatus
dating the ticket office yeah here we go
I'm going to try to a double backflip
okay the double backflip think I can do
it come on give me five you make a John
give me hug you do a double backflip
no pressure oh wow you got you excited
we do want have one more baby I think
honey be careful
ah
you're getting crazy there yeah I think
I popped the right one that's dangerous
I guess we're having more kids guys
sorry what happened esse I may or may
not have popped one of my testicles that
is weird what does that mean you're like
if you're like imagine holding a grape
in your hand and I just like squishing
it does that mean we did we're not going
to have any good we're done let's fight
it a double backflip double backflip
have you ever been on a roller coaster
that goes over the ocean pacific ocean
right there pacific ocean roller coaster
here let's say hi to sun card look here
he goes
wave wave is it next to a cute girl I'm
embarrassed but face it
alrighty to be like Oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry he's gonna hate me
later in life
by embarrassing dude oh they're having
pedalboard races out here I was born
with this check it out there's
paddleboard races there's the finish
line right there they ride out around
those yellow balls and then come back
and then run in through the finish line
go go go all right there's the ocean
here's the roller coaster here's the
baby tarde here's my smile America Los
Angeles Kings the state of California
all right here we go say hi Alessandra
no smiling on the roller coaster look
Gavin young fun yes let's rocket red
rocket thing here we are on the top
santa monica pier on the ferris wheel
having a blast are you miss california a
little bit right you're doing things
like this it makes you kind of think
like man I miss stuff like this I'm glad
we're doing this right before we leave
though if you've never been to the Santa
Monica Pier and come on the ferris wheel
you got to come on it Brock tard please
do not fall off your mom would be very
angry with me if you felt your demise it
was a good five years at least meant
here I'm really glad we did it
thinking back you know when we first
left Idaho I still can you know picture
the image of me filling up the van dude
seriously get out we're about 150 feet
off the ground anyways I'm glad we came
out here met the people we did
experience the things that we do
started the business we did I'm glad the
kids got a little bit of culture in
their lives you know didn't grow up
necessarily you know just strictly white
Mormon culture I got to see some you
know different parts of the world and
meet different people and we'll be back
it was a good five years we spent here
in California but I'm excited to go back
to Idaho and sound a little bit more
open space and then we'll commute to
work back and forth the Los Angeles here
we are
what do you think buddy this cool you
have a good time and little bro tarde we
got to come back here this is where he
was born you were born in Los Angeles
dude this is your hometown
he's our only blue-eyed baby and the
only kid who was born in LA so this is
he's the California kid
he's a Malibu baby Hey ladies hello
young fun here we go man I have ran on
that beach so many times I can't even
count oh there they go check it out
water I thought would be I would really
be interested to know how many times
I've ran up and down that beach all
right son tired thinks he can win
himself a basketball here so you can
make it you got three shots right here
if you make two of them you get a
basketball if you make one of them you
get a blowup hammer just so you know the
blow up hammers are lame you want to
make two shots and get a basketball all
right here he goes first shot
can he make two here he goes on the
free-throw line
short give it some muscle bro you got
two more chances here he goes
can he do it oh the dead ball
oh that go in do I go in Oh trying to
convince her that it went in Oh
okay my turn
but we don't right yeah yes one more I
wanna I wanna a hammer right
whoa I what about yay Oh nice rebound
one come here you gotta shoot it okay
back here you ready shoot it shoot it
again shoot one more time shoot a heart
hey get your head out of that trash can
not what is it oh it's a view of the
ocean check it out you guys
that is the ocean
I've ran underneath there before hello
down there
hello we're looking down at the ocean PC
alright I am stuck
oh no we're eating dippin dots and
looking at the ocean on the pier how
them dippin dots oh yes I would like a
buyer I would like somebody yeah me
alright that's a wrap on the shoot we
had a lot of fun got some good shots
mostly had a lot of fun
Aitken dippin dots Collette got a new
hat yeah
turquoise cowgirl let me see that your
daddy bought it for me mister your daddy
and baby tarde looks adorable geez right
off the set of some old movie that I
can't think of yeah give me a reference
somebody give me a reference here I'm
thinking I'm thinking Music Man Music
Man here I was in that musical and that
would come through for me Julianne
Gavin got a basketball cuz I'm a frickin
pro on the hoopsters Avia would you get
jack squat maybe I got jack squat all
right so I think we're actually gonna
head back to our apartment and have a
barbecue Casey just texted me and said
they're barbecuing at the pool at our
apartment so we're gonna go do that
that's gonna be fun okay come on let's
do it check this dude out look at how
classic this is blue Chevy truck with a
surfboard in the back that's me when I
retire right there this is like I'm
vlogging here
happy birthday happy birthday sister I
just want to do that like I'm one again
or should carly was supposed to fly home
today but she missed her flight so she
gets one more birthday came and we're
gonna get you another one in the morning
will be if I staying at wor birthdays
yeah you want some cake yeah find out
this space so what you want to eat it
mean
great dance babe we're looking at new
cars they're looking at me from down
there you had to go do the running man
again
one more time to this song please base
and my coolness needs to take a break
for a minute okay here we go do the
running man
yeah that's it
you drag me a van I think you're doing
both here you want me to show you let me
show y'all know every there's like okay
guys you're weird
that's or unlearn forget it's weird luck
ha ha ha ha check it out check it out
one time your mama is so poor one time I
saw her kicking a can down the street I
said where are you going
she said movin we're moving we're moving
bed you can I can I don't get it's all
she had that's how poor she was she was
kicking a can and she that that was all
of her belongings she was moving when
washes hands pretty big tell me your
mama joke ok your mama
wait I'm making of a good one your
mama's so fat that when she farted it
caused global warming oh that's pretty
fat that's a stinky fart that mama does
not like jokes like that I don't think
you should laugh all right it's Sunday
night we're telling bad yo mama jokes
leave your best yo mama joke actually in
the comments below
I would like to read them anyways we're
moving you guys check it out
oh it's only hangers does anybody need
hangers we have so many hangers Zeke is
getting really needy right now he just
wait when I said yes again so poor that
duck so bright ever ha ha ha ha ha
that's a good yo mama don't think that's
a good your mama's so poor ducks
thoroughbred er that's good I like it um
seriously uh link below to order the
shaycarl hanger collection we have them
in all varieties shapes you know what
that makes you want to do
I cleaned up the hangers I'm also father
when she stepped on the scale it said to
be continued
yeah that's fat to be continued
your mama's so fat that when she stepped
on the scale it said to be continued hey
are you guys helping move are you
playing the my pad I don't think you're
helping move much anyways Zeke is being
really needy everywhere I go he follows
me like he has not left my side I think
he's getting really nervous he's like
what's going on why are we moving
everything he's gonna leave me I was in
the closet it was packed in there I'm
putting boxes away he's just sitting
there right by my side he will not leave
daddy's side he's nervous that we're
gonna leave him we're not gonna leave
you buddy we love you all right so we
are leaving on Saturday morning we are
driving on out of California to Idaho
that Father's Day Saturday that means I
have to drive on Sunday which one of you
two are gonna drive paper-rock-scissors
see who drives me yeah Oh tied up
Oh Christmas card is driving actually I
am gonna fly my mom out to Los Angeles
and she's gonna help us drive so grandma
tards getting into LA on Friday and then
we are gonna drive home to Idaho so we
gotta get everything packed up I know
tomorrow's Monday and then we're getting
in the u-haul on Tuesday we're gonna
pack everything up on Tuesday we
actually have a few shoots that's why we
would probably have left sooner but we
still have a few shoots to do and we
have a shoot it's like a wrap it's
something something something for Friday
we're down on Friday for the mom see ya
love you okay it's all good
that's all I need him come on think one
more yo mama joke hey yo yo mama joke
your mama's so fat that when she said
her on iPod it became an iPad that's
pretty good ah yo mama what mom so fat
don't you Santa rainbow it rained
skittles when she sat on her rainbow
rain skittles I love it I want to hear
your momma jokes below love your momma
though go give your mom a kiss right now
as always thanks for watching every
single Shaytards vlog that you've ever
watched we sincerely appreciate it if
you want to watch more there are plenty
of options in fact there are seven
options that you can click on the screen
right now if you're on a mobile device I
will leave all those links in the video
description below if you're on a
computer click on the
five-four-three-two-one to see what we
were doing all those years ago click on
yesterday's vlog which is actually
Friday's vlog if you want to feel lucky
then you know what to do we have some
more podcasts that are live if you
didn't know yes we are moving back to
Idaho if you want to know why there's a
podcast where we talk all about that
titled we're moving I'll put a link to
that below also thanks to all you guys
we love you guys and we'll see you
tomorrow kisses luck
