summer summertime time to sit back and
unwind a your school last day of school
everybody's cool on your last day school
last day school last day school acting
like a fool on your last dance
go tell him your trick for waking up she
has a trick for waking up do you
remember what your trick is for waking
up what today you're to punish man
remember your trick you used to tell me
you would do with your eyes is it school
nice day school hey I hurt you cool on
its last day school this one's cool it's
her last day school is it your last day
school it's hard think about this you
will never ever be a kindergartner for
the rest of your life oh this is their
last day to ever be a kindergartner
again are you sad about that yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah
princess come on tell him your trick the
last day you'll ever be a third grader
again hurt imagining it right yeah her
trick which she used to tell me what no
she can't wake up that she would open
her eyes really wide to let all the
light in and that help sure was
that's a pretty smart idea is this right
idea huh ah she got it from her dad all
right
I usually just do crack but that works
too oh not funny
crack cocaine is not funny unless you're
on it that's yeah sir okay get up get up
somebody else is up on the last is Oh
hmm
stay in school nice days I feel like a
fool on your last day of school last day
of school
yes days I feel a fool at school little
baby boy sleepy he feels he's kind of
laughing he's like a picnic
good morning sorry we had to see you II
had to Zeus brightness I want the light
first thing in the morning hi
come I need all my earlobes over easy
this morning I love you little boy good
morning base your last day of school
yeah you like this school you're
graduating from memory camp and guess
what everybody's cool on your last days
oh good boy
that one awake son expedition he's
usually very happy in the morning
kid we've got two more baby boys to wake
up yes day of school last day of school
look and cool the fool on your last day
of school last day school last day
school making like a fool on your last
day school hey how do you feel you have
the coolest parents ever you know today
is their very last day of being a fourth
grader what do you think about that you
know what that means
was it mean get to our underwear on your
head what weird dreams bro me happy you
do on your last day of fourth grade
school you wear underwear on your head
do you really sure it's clean where'd
you hear that
what you talking about I was talking to
my friend I said I wanted to do
something crazy on the last day school
oh you sound like your dad
you were under something crazy for the
last twenty nine you know I'm like I'm a
vlog every day with under on my head oh
that's new and exciting it's the last
day of school I know you don't go to
school but you're gonna wake up
you need to kiss sandwich today honey
did you sign me see what a recording
he's trying so hard to look at it that's
cute
okay so this is a message that Princess
hard left for me
remember pants or leggings she wants me
to bring back pants or leggings for her
after school because she's going with a
friend after school but she decided to
wear a dress for her last day and she
doesn't want to wear a dress when she
goes with her friend later she found
this receipt in the car and made me a
message so I won't forget to bring her
leggings or pants okay guys don't let me
forget but in meantime we are on our way
to get Carly and Cooper they are in town
today I'm super excited because it's
Carly's birthday she came in for a
Brando and so we get to see Cooper and
Carly on her birthday so we bought her a
cake and we're excited let's go get him
I also got Carly these because she loves
Junior Mints when we lived together back
in Idaho she would take Junior Mints and
put him in the freezer and we would just
binge on Junior Mints frozen Junior
Mints they're awesome so I'm bringing
some to her to commemorate her birthday
mom in love with the Junior Mints we got
to put them in the freezer cuz that's
step one and then move in the Box hop
and out step to put something fall where
they will fall I told them when we live
together that we see you don't fall
thought we were bad influences for one
another I gave up this addiction now I
must start it again yep it's time I love
your back with these artists are the
worst one you like will beat it
undressing for the day you're like what
is that you have chalk that's when you
feel like a yeah
and Cooper's here - hi Cooper I'm gonna
be your friend make new friends but keep
the old the others the others a DVD of
this dinosaur play wants to Saurus I'm a
bunny looking at my farm anymore
she had super great imagination she
really likes watermelon she had 11 very
good heart and she's moving hey please
don't go we love you so yeah sense of
humor yeah
graduating in der Garde graduation
there's a sense of humor oh I'm in
graduation yeah
ladies and gentlemen welcome to your
summer vacation how do you feel good
talk to me about the freedom you're a
parenting right now it is summer summer
summertime it's time to sit back and
unwind what it is cool kids after school
Will Smith's up yeah summer summertime
time to sit back and unwind
hey you get 27 more of those 26 more
wait how old are you how old are you top
Carly Wow Carly stop what is that stop
that gum don't possess the person who
grows you get 20 sell out are you 27 22
Carly you liar you gross up my lens
today is Carly's 27th birthday
what you guys can give me back there so
happy birthday to you got 26 more of
those bend over listen Steve's not here
to do that so I get to do it
that's weird okay happy birthday to
Carly in the beginning of summer okay so
we are in the store because me and Carly
are shooting a video together today
that's actually why she flew out to
California on her birthday because we're
doing a brand deal together because
Carly is a giant sell out he'll do
anything for money
hashtag hashtag giant so his sponsor
laughs Jack um it'll be on the shaycarl
Channel I don't know when it's it's a
little crazy it's last minute at creamy
course reaper strawberry strawberry um
I can't tell you much about it yet but I
have a little be fun like the only
reason the only reason I said that I
would do this brand deal is because it
was with Carly I'm like that'll be fun
this is a hint were you mad that you had
a flat on your birthday no it's fun yeah
cuz you're a sellout and to do anything
for money
uh so we're getting some supplies for
this video it should be interesting
because engine six would be nice we
sister it's her birthday
we're damn hands are tight everyone
calls in my camel well I can't
help but if you were sleeping your wife
Martha all right
no she doesn't she's done chilling on
her head okay I need some chicken
nuggets
Oh
Roger does that walk all the time now he
goes I do too Carly walk I do too Carly
wants all right so you know we're up to
something when mr. macaroni around how
healthy were be you know we can't show
because you when you get a pie doughnut
yeah we are very doughnuts we're looking
for doughnuts next that you're gonna get
it's her birthday today
hello happy birthday to Carly alright so
let's have all things that we need for
the shoe
and now we're gonna go back to where
we're gonna shoot this thing I grabbed
her I'm excited to be with my sister on
her birthday she's 27
he's blue he's sold him she's gonna kill
me when she watches this later
until badly or 27 perish all right get
your stuff let's go we have a sound guy
wait mark I like this one
oh right their favorite bars I see you
there they are oh dude and you shall
receive
what took the magic reach 2700 to be
young again I would it be young again
Carly you have to pay for that what if
our car doesn't go through I have to
wash your dishes you got me all right
thanks dude appreciate it
to do this I think you stole my food
good way to get kicked out of here why
see some more ideas or we go all right
it's time for the judging oh happy
Cooper straight-faced he's trying so
hard me and Kay look me nobody like this
don't smile oh yes there's like this no
just say I'd like straight penis okay
like you're glaring at me you got and
the Oscar goes to Rocky Lee's there it
is awesome let me hang on for a second
and all right hold hold hold now down
rock you mad look mad hold hold now down
alright alright somebody's doing some
computer work that's a little intern
work I'm teaching it in the ways of the
Carly Stiles channel when they will pay
him - you know you proofread all those
egos bro
also not know where he goes I'm like
that's not a good cook cut that one good
you just laying there that's funny it is
back this mimics me lay away baby I
think he likes it cuz it's war yeah get
your shoe don't were to go eat some
dinner okay let's go okay
check out that California sky only a few
more of those and we're gonna be back
under an Idaho skyline but I ain't
complainin either way I felt blessed and
just grateful to be alive with my family
so we're gonna go have a dinner for
Carly's birthday we're gonna celebrate
to accompany anos counseling help me
both go to you my sister she's my only
sister and favorite actually so we're
gonna meet Casey and Caylee and the kids
down at cno's you need to get your shoes
on okay or I'm gonna cut your legs off
Thanks just so you know know grabbed a
knife and saw your ad legs are the knees
right let's go in grab your shoes okay
okay oh my goodness like a big beats a
fight at the morning that's the morning
who are you betting that - I see them
lucky fella ting-a-ling-a-ling
ting-a-ling-a-ling la salut
lucky fella
happy birthday happy birthday happy
birthday to my sister happy birthday to
you dear happy birthday to McCarley I
love you every year you made that song
up on top of my head cuz I'm a cowboy
lyrical genius
happy birthday Carly we love you she's
the only girl she had to grow up with
three crazy boys she's one of the
toughest funniest most energetic people
I know you guys go subscribe to my
sister Carly I was so glad that she was
here on her birthday it was fun time to
be together alright it's the weekend
everybody TGIF hope you have a good one
click on yesterday's vlog click on
Afghan and lucky button we have a brand
new podcast that just went up on the
wind the kids go to sleep
odd cast YouTube channel and if you want
to hang out with our family some more
there's 5 videos right there click on
and see what the shade hearts are doing
one two three four and five years ago
love you will see on Monday
