and one time I got drunk but who cannot
tell it to not you love not anyone know
some things are better left just what
are you doing no I don't want that stick
in my face
you stick facer you guys Khali song just
went not her song for a music video for
the song just went life and I love it
love it this is my love face wha ha oh
this is what we're doing next we're
getting the heck out of here and we we
seriously you guys like soon we have to
get this house packed now and it's not
done yet
haha why are you helping me I sign you
there's ice on me are you Jack Frost Oh
got me with nice you oh good I'm nice
yeah like I want to be close nice can
nice so confusing you see an enemy is he
friend or foe mommy you look cool okay
do I like to be cold yeah and this ice
age is I saw you in you cool
Oh am I like Elsa yeah am i Ophir yes oh
let it go let go can't hold it back
anymore
do I sound just like Elsa yes yes look
uh battery's gonna die I gotta go change
battery hold on guys
why are you being so weird bro no I
realized you look really cute
I know quit bragging oh my gosh stop it
was it VidCon is in three weeks and I
want to be less of me Shane at VidCon
you don't love myself er there comes a
point in your life where you just have
to be nice to yourself Oh
you're gonna cut that out right he's not
cutting it out well you guys got to see
a lot more than you thought you were
today it's your butt crack you can tell
me what to do with it
you can show it it's only mine go to the
gym okay bro
see you later have a good time you know
let's just let's talk what are we gonna
talk about you know you have to say to
yourself Shay what let it go I liked
hearing you sing Kelly song sing it some
more but who can I tell it to now you
love not anyone something just what Oh
Jack Frost he keeps interrupting me when
I start singing oh my goodness yeah we
need to get to Idaho with you're bought
by a pile of boxes is getting bigger
yeah what okay
he's the Bucks neighbor I love the view
from the parking lot of my gym
that's the ocean out there right there's
the ocean out in the horizon but I just
sit in my car on the in this parking
structure and whenever a car goes by it
shakes and then I imagine a giant
earthquake and that there's lax right
there they just watch a line of
airplanes coming in is that weird that I
imagine giant earthquakes hitting Los
Angeles and just imagine this all like
so I just got done at the gym I had a
sauna swim sesh whenever I don't feel
like working out I go sit in the sauna
and swim like I get really sweaty and I
feel like my heartbeat gets going but I
don't really like go that intent is it
bad for you to sit in the sauna I feel
like it's good for you but at the same
time it's so hot in there dives a sauna
che but it's like 180 degrees I feel
like it's like slowly cooking my cells
does anybody know anybody a sauna expert
out there it feels good I sit in it for
like 40 minutes I listen to music on my
phone and by the time I leave I am
soaking wet with sweat it's kind of
gross but I feel like it cleans out my
pores but at the same time I'm like am i
slow-roasting my body feels good now I'm
gonna go I have to do a few air
and then I have to continue to help
mommy to pack the house up so we can
move back to Idaho which I'm very
excited about you know so after a sauna
swim session replace your electrolytes
so let's go to the store and get some
electrolyte they sell them what's up I
do not support breast cancer I do not
want anybody to have some like against
breast cancer
I think meant like twice and my pro
breast cancer definitely not against
Prescott supporting Susan G Komen I know
her is that was it like a run yes some
people I put money in there and candy
bars I get to buy a candy bar
are you the small donors trying to be
not fat though sorry my fat be honest
I'm cool with my gut small donation all
right the belly not joking about breast
cancer you guys but he just said it
weird he's like do you support breast
cancer I'm like no I don't support
breast cancer I hate breast cancer but
then I just gave him some money because
you know how's this going to be funny
and sometimes I try to be funny and I'm
not surprised I'd consider myself a
coconut water connoisseur
this is the best coconut water I've
tasted it just it's like right from the
nut man right from the nut and it's pink
sometimes they're pink which is kind of
crazy a lot of you guys know I lived in
the West Indies for two years when I
lived in Barbados once a week we'd go to
sister Kings house sister King is an
amazing lady 94 years old had like four
of the tallest coconut trees in Barbados
every Wednesday we would go there and
cut the coconut trees out of her tree
and then cut him open and make her like
for pictures of pictures pictures like a
picture like you put juice in we'd fill
up these pictures full of coconut water
and put them in her fridge and she would
drink like one picture of coconut water
a day which i think is why she lived to
be so old I don't know if she's still
around but those were good times man I
really enjoyed that and then she would
give us like a bunch of them to take
home and one time I got drunk on
coconuts probably not a good thing to do
when you're a Mormon missionary but
there's these coconuts that we had and
we like had left him out on the porch
and I think it fermented because I drank
a bunch of them like these tastes funny
and then that night I was laying in bed
also not like I was dizzy and I'm like
am I drunk right now because I think the
coconuts for
Menten is that possible and I was laying
there in bed thinking I feel like I'm a
little bit drunk right now
I shouldn't be drunk as a Mormon
missionary but I think the coconuts have
gone bad the coconuts have gone bad
nobody's rigged up coconut water all
right start away in this corner coming
from Los Angeles California in the faun
trunks Ezekiel Montgomery Butler Bruins
everybody see how much you weigh
come on get on the scale you a
heavyweight all right see how much 127
okay six quit breathing your mess up the
scale 126 good boy good boy
the local grooming center add a little
color to your pets look what the hell
let's see what it look like that doggy
only in LA so stylish
mommy mommy watch this mommy you ready
this is the little boy I'm a little boy
apparatus yeah fun for the kids and a
great workout for the baby's head it's a
little ridiculous Oh Oh like a that is
the funniest thing I think is eggs gels
can you put on you can wear on their
physique yeah giggle mother beast you
you know what that means
it's he's ready for a jumper you ready
for jumper a baby jumper
put pressure on my show the lamp a comer
press my left arm is gonna be bigger
thank you look how happy he is
oh I'm a baby Wrangler a baby regular I
started to begin the early signs of
throwing the baby watch out
well show me so happy ready you ready
he's ready
at seven months old the child should be
durable enough to throw ready it's gonna
really suck
we're a way you can throw when they have
real roll waffles a listen I'm fresh
baby Wranglers through I know that hey
Kay watch ready ready rock Chardon move
I know what I'm doing
wait up heads up merry gun watch watch
rich is called bowling for babies it's
the eighth frame 710 split he comes up
to the line he bowled the baby
okay listen me none of you will pull the
baby ever you understand okay watch out
whose turn is it next do they have a
hair of the dog's neck hey Rock chart
come here okay this is a big bowling
ball 1500 huh
okay can we ask these guys why don't we
don't have to film it if you don't want
it yeah sure okay hey guys we have to
ask you a fashion question okay so
tomorrow is the very last day of school
so Avia was just asking me what I
thought she should wear because all the
girls are planning on wearing a dress
tomorrow she has these glasses that she
now be honest me do you like those
glasses not as much as I like my other
ones okay so why don't you wear your
other ones to school anymore
cuz I packed him no but why didn't you
why did you stop wearing him to school
cuz kids made fun of me okay so that's
why you stopped wearing them right yeah
so I told her you know what I'm gonna
say who cares what other kids think and
then she said well dad I have to be
myself I shouldn't wear something that's
not me and then I said if you like them
and that's a fashion choice that you
think is cool then that is you the
problem is listen to this you are not
being who you are because you're afraid
of what other people will think if you
like those glasses and you think they
look cool that's who you are
do you like the pink glasses yeah but
not rigid is dressed like this like in
yeah what do you guys think in the
comments put the glasses on I think they
look cute like this I think you look
beautiful both ways I'm just I'm just
I'm trying to teach a then don't worry
the glasses I'm just trying to tell you
that you should not care what other
people think
just be you cuz listen you said to me
that you don't want to wear something
that's not you but what you're doing
you're not being yourself if you're
listening to other people because if
you're if they made fun of you and now
you're not wearing them because you're
nervous again and made fun of then
you're not being yourself that makes
sense yeah I think you should rock them
bro I think they're cool looking Vyasa
me let me
wash it first and see how it looks okay
girl wash what do you think do you like
them I think they're cool listen do you
guys not wear something to school
because somebody made fun of you before
be honest I know there's a lot of
pressure a lot of social pressure to
look cool and to like wear what
everybody else is wearing I remember
back in the day it was like me and Casey
had to have ankle socks there was like a
whole thing where ankle socks were cool
and me in case you know how you have a
bin of like socks and you can never find
a match you go through and you try to
find the match for the sock me in case
you would spend like 30 minutes in the
morning looking for matching ankle socks
because we had a giant bin of socks and
they're all long like oh we need ankle
socks because that was the cool thing
and if you wore long socks
it was nerdy and we always wore shorts
we Nick never wore pants even in the
winter I had a bet with two of my
friends to see would go the longest
without wearing pants so we wore me
Jason Caldwell and Sean C Bronson all
wore shorts the entire year even when it
was like 5 degrees and snowing outside
we had a contest to see could go the
longest without wearing pants even to
the point where the principal called our
parents and said why don't these kids
have pants and we're like no we're
having a bet to see one go the longest
anyways I know there's a lot of social
pressure when you're at school and
there's other people that Dutch Dom but
I say who cares who cares what other
people think
don't judge me I'm weird I think that's
a good decision and I'm not judging you
and if anybody judges you then they're
wrong and if you think they look cool
then rock them and if somebody says
those are dumb say you're just jealous
bro cuz you don't have cool glasses ok
but then they'll talk back and say no no
no well that's a pretty dumb comeback ok
if they say no no then you look at me
like ok bro and walk away that's a
pretty lame comeback no they say no but
no I guess I well what would they say so
let's go let's do a roleplay if so you
come to school and some he's like a via
those glasses are lame
mostly the boys say what do they say
what do boys know about fashion yeah so
let's pretend I'm a little boy in school
McGwire you were a little boy but
they're okay Jesco you're a little kid
don't worry oh those are the lame
glasses avy
wearing those um better watch yourself
cuz they're you know say this say this
say I'm glad that you have an opinion
about my glasses why don't you keep it
to yourself say that maybe you're just
jealous so back away yeah Cheers you
don't be sassy you can just be polite
and say thanks for your opinion but I
like them so I decided to wear it
because I wanted to be myself okay try
that well it's my opinion everybody has
different opinions and I like joram so
if you wanna you can okay good all right
so let me know we want an update
tomorrow what people say about your
glasses okay last day of school are you
gonna wear him rock it dude own those on
those glasses okay baby it is wait shake
or what you tried has something's we
have something special for you because
we realized that on Father's Day we're
actually gonna be driving to Idaho oh
this picks it all better
this is so special fine no I can tell
thank you this means so much to me
you'll never know I just love being a
father this just makes it all the more
special that's so sweet
Irene lol ok I'm sorry guys oh my dear
dad ha ha that's me having a good time
happy boys it wait a minute this just
says happy fathers no day in there
where's the day oh happy fathers yes
seriously where's the day I love it
happy fathers alright dear dad happy
fathers I love you that is so sweet with
a cute picture go again welcome a mrs.
Lucas come here give me a hug I love it
hey just the fact that you made me
anything
thank you so much you'll never know
alright back to cleaning the room Thank
You Lucas you guys guess what guess what
tonight is
what's tonight what's tonight it's last
day school Ebro summer is about to begin
did you guys know we have a secret
handshake now all you guys were asleep
what's our secret handshake that we
usually do what is it
Shaytards if to whisper okay this is the
new shade hurt secret handshake
don't tell anybody it's a secret
seriously it's secret shaking but if you
do tell somebody be sure and tell that
person not to tell anybody
but if that person tells somebody be
sure that they tell the person they told
but they were not supposed to tell that
they should not tell anybody okay it's a
secret
yeah tonight is the last night of school
cuz tomorrow it's summer yes that is
cold what is that that an ice pack you
guys excited so you are graduating third
grade congratulations
you'll be in fourth grade next year very
proud of you is he gonna be in preschool
next year do I go to preschool run go to
school next year
you my friend are graduating fourth
grade moving on to fifth grade next year
this is your present you get afros pack
good job baby tard is graduating
kindergarten yeah yes sure no you float
kids are great I'm saying you're
graduating kindergarten you gonna go to
first grade next year Yeah right well
obviously you don't understand things
you need to go back to Kennedy hold snap
you are graduating the making out with
shaycarl class congratulations you
finally you no wait no that means you
get to make out with me more okay now
that you've won your certificate of make
out you get to make out with me three
times a day wait 67 minutes apiece
mm-hmm all right let's stay at school
last day of school acting like a fool on
your last day of school last day of
school last day at school acting like a
fool on your last day of school last day
of school last day school everybody cool
down your last day of school did you do
that on the first day of school
yeah too
and we sing it on the last days you guys
have cool parents you guys have no idea
how cool we are
grabs on how cool your parents are
what's that nine years ago you remember
when you're a baby and you were born I
said congratulations you lucky duck so
what do you think is gonna happen next
year fifth grade you ready for it
because dude fifth grade is the year
before middle school a smart aleck you
want to take some more classes from the
MIT you all take your certificate away
why is a big deal huh so you're gonna be
the head of the class next year dude
you'll be the oldest kid in the school
how will that be yeah because it's first
it's kindergarten to fifth grade middle
school sixth grade to eighth grade so
you'll be the oldest you know be a being
the oldest grade next year you'll be the
head dude in the school bro what does
that mean that how you wave when you're
in fifth grade my friend
I remember your friend's name not a very
good friend we were in kindergarten same
Google in the same school as Essen
tonight a mini California all yours now
I'm gonna be here again and you owe me
you guys have friends back in Idaho huh
yeah you see yep still friends there
don't you think so you make a lot more
friends
hey people we want you to know how you
guys feel are you gonna miss your
friends and your boyfriends and
girlfriends here in California yeah what
was that look
somebody's gonna miss somebody hey
there's always email bro cuz on emails I
mean what do you want let me email
you can email him I just have to read
all the emails you said no I said oh hey
sorry the boss the boss spoke we'll
think about it all right another moment
in time in our lives
oh I'm going to school next year all
right it's gonna be another big moment
next phase of our lives begins now
summer starts tomorrow
all right see a smile bye sing it sing
this summer song no no sing sing a lot
summer song you know a song that's good
good job ah nothing better than the
start of summer yes indeed another
momentous life shift for the Shaytards
mark my words the summer of 2014 is
going to be one of the greatest summers
in history all the butler's are
congregating back to Idaho where we will
fish and camp and swim and jump and dive
and shoot and throw and laugh and
everything and you guys are gonna be
there right along with us I'm so excited
it's gonna be quite the summer so stay
tuned and enjoy the videos that are
gonna come oh that's a that's a big cell
there hopefully they are good you know
they will be we get all the family
together check out yesterday's vlog
click on a pin and lucky button and see
what we were doing one two three four
and five years ago love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow all the first day of
summer I gotta work on that
where's Olaf when you need him
