with shoveling ya shovel ishe who
is out there what are you do you guys
blowing bubbles send me a bubble babe
send me a bubble baby I can see I think
it's so nice other than the fact that
you might hit him with your toys yes
what do I get hurt him okay I know he's
a boy he plays rough he's gotta join in
hmm I love you mom I think I'm digging
this it's kind of move a thing eons got
a cape to skate yeah yeah yeah yeah
so we're packing the house is a giant
mess everything's in Chambal but i
finally decided to bring the beanbag
downstairs we decided we need to take a
little break and have some fun okay
let's see it one two three Wow
haha okay with next me me don't miss you
almost missed it okay let's see it I
remember as a kid we used to do this
with my stairs and my parents didn't
love it but every once in a while they
would let us do it and that's kind of
where I'm at and big like dude this is
my dad I lay on this you guys don't play
with it are you concerned Oh guys are
grade-a did you hit your face no like my
feet the ball oh they did that's all you
gotta fluff it up what have we taught
our children it's not good
hey I think you're better with shoveling
 starveling Singh Saab Alicia just
be careful not to swear I'll rip your
toe off
you're very hearty laugh yeah that's
annoying yeah boxes boxes everywhere
when will we get rid of them
boy are you excited though this isn't me
last time in a long time that we move
yes one more time come up with that song
as addicting huh yes and I'm like maybe
we should have thought of a different
word it's too close to the other one
it's too late I've been saying it since
I got home from too late imagine if
they're seeing it at school what their
teacher oh oh
a knock you down the stairs date with
shoveling yeah shoveling shares
shoveling she is yes which is why I that
what are you gonna ballantine
which one what should wear to school
either one cuz you get so dirty at pay
people in the comments asked what about
says are we're moving back to Idaho are
you sad maybe gonna miss no she'll miss
a lot of friends an email you'll find
there's plenty boys out there trust me
you will find lots of boys he just has
to keep up with everybody else it's
screaming loud in here is it my garden
sing it dude with shoveling yeah
just shoveling she's with shoveling
yeah just shoveling that what you
like to do you guys these comments make
me so happy
Thomas just commented I probably should
be asleep by now but I needed to watch
the vlog my exam start tomorrow morning
like seven replies Vicky says good luck
Jonah says good luck raiden raiden says
good luck Jane Amy Catherine Charlotte
good luck praying that you do the best
you can you guys that's what a family's
about all like just one random comment
look at all these replies that makes me
all freakin happy I believe in a day
where we can turn around the stereotype
of YouTube comments they're not just for
trolls and haters there's real
communication happening real
relationships being made real
connections happening right here in the
YouTube comments I love it nothing makes
me more excited than seeing you guys
interact with each other in the YouTube
comments I'm reading them on writing
them every day oh this cracks me up I
seen an older woman in a shaycarl
t-shirt gave her a high-five it said
Shaytards for the win if you looked at
me like I had escaped from a mental
hospital and said who is the Shaytards I
explained she had his shirt on and
he said that she had borrowed it from
her daughter talk about embarrassing but
hilarious at the same time so thanks
Shea for giving me a slight red face but
it was worth it he shouldn't be
embarrassed she should be embarrassed
she's wearing a shirt she doesn't know
what it is right I've thought about that
I for I thought about when will the day
come where I'm like in a Salvation Army
or a DI or a thrift store and I'm like
just going through shirts and I see a
shaycarl shirt in the thrift store rack
yeah right that might be kind of
interest it'll be sad but interesting at
the same time like somebody is like I
don't want this stupid shaycarl shirt
anymore I'm gonna take it to the thrift
store I'm gonna take it to my di I did
yeah but I well I'm excited for that day
to happen where I'm like at a thrift
store somewhere and I'm going through a
rack of shirts and I'm like oh there's
my shirt it's exciting seeing your
shirts out there in the world anyways
cool you guys the reason I say that is
because I was wearing like a Red Sox
shirt alright cuz I think you got me
some red sauce shirt when you went to
Boston right I don't follow the red
sauce that was right like it was during
the World Series and she'd be shopping
like yeah yeah I know
people are like night Red Sox and she's
like what oh this hey you guys know how
I only wear bold little stuff if you
guys are new to the vlogs you guys know
that we have our own shaycarl Volcom
shirt that is maybe probably one of if I
was to pick five of the coolest things
that have happened me because of YouTube
having my own shaycarl Volcom shirt
collaboration is probably in the top
five this brand Volcom is probably one
of my favorite I would say if I had to
pick one brand of clothing that is my
favorite it's Volcom and I got my very
own shirt so you can get one of those
below if you want to click the link in
the description and that's your like oh
I love you Volcom I think we have a
music lesson going on here busted busted
how's it coming good yeah
should we just serve the beginning so
explain what this is princess card so me
and Anna a couple nights ago we came up
with a song and she's coming over today
so we could practice more at the south
and you're gonna do like a music video
with okay
of course that's why we're practicing is
this your audience how do you think you
think it's good baby tard you like the
song I was singing it the other night
Denis does Zeek wants a solo in the
report all right let's hear it
a spoon
two hearts collide if you
I'll be there by your side
I'll keep you safe two hearts one so
this is love
nice okay that's all you guys get to
hear so the other night when we were
supposed to go to that nickel creek
concert and we missed it and we ended up
going to the movie instead Danna was
babysitting the kids and Princess hard
was like hey let's write a song together
so princess Tara actually wrote a
majority of the lyrics of that song and
then Danna put its music and now they're
singing it I said to Dan I said come
over practice it and we'll make a music
video out of it it sounds good
they're good right we're watching Iron
Man
chillin rock toward is enthralled you
like this movie is this a good movie you
like Iron Man who do you like better
Iron Man or daddy dang it do you ever
show that I think we ever showed this oh
I didn't see these those are fancy deer
che hope you enjoy the vest yes I do
enjoy the vest Vin de Bona productions
yeah this is from America's Funniest
Videos AFV sent us a big care package I
did not know they they sent us that put
it on a dude just in time to move
back to Idaho keep your core warm okay
keep your core tamp up this is so nice
of them dude that's nice I'm gonna do
some spring skiing in that baby mm-hmm
and they sent like individual notes to
everybody dear Collette hope you enjoy
the best just in time for summer right
ha ha your friends that's cool - Emmy
hope you enjoy the t-shirt thanks so
much for watching the show your friends
at AFV like a handwritten note to
everybody in the family that is sweet
America's Funniest Videos that's cool
okay here come on that's awesome got a
secret pocket there is a secret pocket
under any night of it - what's inside
the secret pocket that's where Bob Saget
lives
you can hide stuff thanks America's
Funniest Videos that's awesome
is
Oh
together
Oh life is love
