we're
have to left
okay we're doing a before school
shopping trip we're getting wait what
we're getting cookies why I don't I
don't need my kids sugar for breakfast I
swear aha today son tart is giving a
book report and for his book report he's
doing a party at the celebration for his
book right hundred yes and then accurate
ok celebration for your book so we're
gonna have what what are we gonna do it
is celebrating well it looks like a
there's looks like what Greek mythology
is Poseidon I'm sort of like I'm doing a
lot of blue stuff so blue for the ocean
because he's the god of the ocean right
yes that's presiding and then he's going
to be wearing this while he wears it
where is it he's gonna be wearing this
well he gives his report and so he's
like yeah I don't know Poseidon and he's
gonna put like a bow at the top to
celebrate I don't know randomness but
it'll be fun this was all his idea
are you excited yes when the kids go to
sleep it's a lie it's all a lie none of
our children are sleeping right now
maybe bro tart is so we just shot our
first episode of the podcast thank you
to you guys who sent us tweets sometimes
I always hate doing that like I hate
when youtubers are like send me
questions it's like you're supposed to
entertain me why am i giving you ideas
for content like you're the youtuber
think of something and give film it but
sometimes it's like I want to know you
know so I asked on Twitter what you guys
think we should talk about on the
podcast and got a lot of really good
responses so thank you to all of you
personas for giving us really good ideas
to talk about on the podcast check it
out links below for instance Katie this
is a great idea talk about something
that makes each of your kids easy or
difficult to parent it's very true
because there's a lot of different
personalities and those kids oh I think
we're gonna talk about this one where
are you gonna live when you move and how
do you think your lives are gonna change
with the move that's a good one Josie so
if you guys have not subscribed to the
wind the kids go to sleep podcast
channel links below we have our very own
podcast we do it twice a week we're up
to 116 episodes so if you're like I've
seen every Shaytards video we have 116
podcasts as well go subscribe links
below and we're going to be talking
about your guys's questions kool lat
get in here you're in trouble
resume oh we are alone I thought you
said I'm alone oh that's true you are
alone
I'm you know what
sorry Roth waiked and get that we need
you to do it one more time you're all
like yeah
okay we're ready we couldn't hear it and
get your de it wasn't hard rough one
more time I mean so um we'd have a slake
as Ron's not here and so Roth in order
cause like what does that do that just
like syncs the audio with the video
right so you need to have a sound that's
like a discerning sound it's like the
audio and the visuals start click now
and like it's called slaty that's what
these things are for you see somebody
slate it like links the audio in the
video together and rough doesn't have
one in there so he's slapping himself in
the face great job Rob he makes it
happen alright we're shooting the next
podcast here we go oK we've got the
whole crew
headed to Tarshish a without dad oh
that's five kids on my own better step
up and help right step up to the square
okay we need a bunch of stuff and I have
been delaying you guys ever do that
where it's like you need stuff and you
need stuff and it's like finally like
okay we have toilet paper or we're going
to be using other stuff so we're going
to get some stuff follow me okay well so
far every single thing in this cart is
for this one are you spoiled throat art
are you spoiled everything in this cart
is for you so spoiled you get squishy
foods diapers food food food food kills
what oh look that's a new movie coming
out huh well guess what yes whose
birthday is coming up your birthday yeah
but only champions
you want a dragon maybe you should ask
for it for your birthday do you remember
how old you're gonna be for your
birthday how are you gonna be full-bore
you're gonna be a big four-year-old yeah
don't you get that shagging like who's
yeah but I should get the dragon Lego
how about you ask for it for your
birthday okay what are you doing
nope nope turn around put it back I
think a majority of my shopping trip is
me saying nope nope nope nope does ever
do that nope
wait yes wait what uh nope ten dollars
like you mean oh then put on your
one nope I love you bye yeah rock card
what are you doing what are you doing
with your gummy worms
where's your gummy worms at
oh yeah that what your gummy worms go on
mommy's shoulder that so she wakes up to
a sweet tree and a kiss didn't I thought
that's how her Troy her prize was for
taking a good nap uh you're beautiful
that was sweet giving your mommy a kiss
give your mommy a kiss I remember the
very first time you gave her a kiss that
was the cutest moments in Shaytards
history we do have it on camera
this moment is very reminiscent of
another moment with baby tars remember
I've done this with all of our kids
you definitely have baby but it's dang
out in my mind because I think he looks
like a toy yes daddy's working mommy
needs a little help with the baby so the
baby all sudden is helping daddy with
the work oh he'll sit here he'll buy
does he have a gummy worm on his head
well yeah like I'll be working and
everyone smile he'll like you sit there
watching the computer and then I look up
at me see if I can do it hey Bobby
whoo oh ha ha whoa whoa they gonna laugh
or something it also strengthen me
that's the perfect opportunity right
there I got it
I grabbed his face every time he does it
I grab his face and kisses lips but
he'll like look straight up at me he
goes I grab his face and kisses me on my
head I can evil mind ahead give them a
gummy worm bin want a gummy worm yum I'm
loving these comments check this out
valeria all Monza just said my mom and I
were at Walmart and I see this girl with
a shaker shirt and I go up and I'm like
hey and I give her a big high five and
we were like Shay would be so proud my
mom was like who was that
and I was like my second family a woman
not only like the Shaytards of your
second family but all viewers of sheight
are dumb everybody who watches Shaytards
idios your
all brothers and sisters if you see each
other if you see your brother or sister
out there in the world you high-five
them if there were in ash a charred
shirt or a shaycarl hat or some argyle
socks you go up people like Shaytards
and there's like this unspoken language
with some random person that you just
saw in walmart think how cool that is
you can see some random stranger in a
store go up to them if they're wearing a
shaycarl sure it'd be like Shaytards and
you already have like this common
connection and most people be like who's
that stranger but that's not a stranger
that's my brother that's my sister right
anybody a man I love it uh links to my
shirts below I've been getting all these
stores I really do feel that way I love
that that happens Colette
hey somebody in the comments just
reminded me of when the last time you
screwed up what the tickets was do you
not remember I can't believe we didn't
think about this you ever heard of a
little place called Cabo San Lucas yeah
that was a major mixer ticket that was
even worse than the concert one babe you
need to read the fine details when
you're booking a large event or date I'm
not I'm not yelling that's cool
it's cool yeah well I'm not mad about
the concert because that was your thing
I was excited to go but that's like your
favorite band but you still owe me a
trip to Cabo San Lucas let's be honest
we're super cool about Hawaii yeah like
we can't go you were like it's cool babe
you know why cuz I'm a level-headed guy
I just took I say smooth sailing I roll
the punches you can't there's nothing
you can do about it so why get pissed
it's like well another we can do about
it because I know how it feels we like
oh no duh and you so badly want to go
back in time you'd be like no wait up
and you gin your mind you try to think
of ways to fix it and you fret and you
stress buts like there is nothing you
can do we are not going to Cabo San
Lucas so just forget about it that's
booked a different trip to Hawaii we are
not going to see nickel creek and
concert at The Wiltern in Los Angeles
let's go to x-men the movie you know
it's like you just got a switch switch
gears I remembered one other time I
didn't want to tell you what what is it
it wasn't new tickets but it was when
Princess hard was performing
I think we've logged about it
performing at school like a palm ruff
ables play or something all right we
were like 20 minutes late yeah I read it
wrong
Ryan 20 and we showed up at 1:40 and we
got this big thing like we have to be at
120 we have to either 120 you got this
big thing I thought it was so that one
anyways we showed up late and we missed
it yeah so saying there is a no closed
door policy in this house what are you
doing with your door closed eating gummy
worms what are you doing get your room
packed up babe what do they need to do
to get this room ready to move starting
to look good okay why don't you clean up
like go through your stuff menu looks
like everything packed basically they
actually it'll pick up food right now
yes get your shoveling shoes on and get
in the backyard everybody get a shovel
and a smile it's time to pick up giant
Lardon large look he's excited you see
him he's like yeah I can finally poop
somewhere out there Gavin let's go yell
at my other child what are you doin bro
hey do you have your dog shovel your dog
poop shoveling cheese on are those your
dog poop jumping shoes they're Nike SB
is bro
shoes I got well I bet guess better make
them work want to head on out to the
backyard search shoveling some shoes
shoveling yeah shoveling shoes
you're shoveling shoes yeah oh you fight
your smile okay running grab it Zoey's
shoveling shiz yeah it's ashes shoveling
party when you're shoveling shoes we're
shoveling shears yeah
kay comes easy shoveling she's yeah just
shoveling he's a Shoveler your
shovel shoes all the time huh we change
the word dishes cuz we don't say you big
piece of let's shove some yeah
and clean up this backyard ah what I
love seeing my offspring doing manual
labor what did I say where'd your smile
go put your smile back on young lady
remember when you guys like yes dad we
want a dog we promise we'll help
remember okay well don't complain I want
some smiles on your faces memories and
muscles shoveling shiz get out here and
help shovel she is your shoes head we
don't have any other shovels you have to
use your hands okay no I'm sorry you can
wash them afterwards just grab some poop
throw it in the bucket dinner's here oh
nice that's daddy's dinner flatbread all
right I'll eat a Caesar salad on a
flatbread hey Siddharth
how did your book report go today tell
us all about it
so my book it's like a Greek mythology
but it's not real but it has like real
characters like decided Zeus and Hades
and all those car they real characters
well they're like Greek mythology gods
what see they really exist I don't know
I think Poseidon really exists maybe
think he's in the ocean somewhere I'll
just tell you this I have not checked
every inch of the ocean so maybe he does
what got pizza so what did you do for
your book report well I pretended I was
Poseidon and the book is about a kid
named Percy Jackson right and his dad's
Poseidon yeah Percy Jackson needs some
good decision when he's 16 easily it's
life or death and so I told like the
summary the choice was he could do a
party so then I so then because Percy
Jackson's mom worked at a candy shop and
every time she came home she bought blue
candy of a reminder of Poseidon because
I never knew that about the story that
true Oh like when did she work in a
candy shop in Athens sorry I'm just
checking my history and so you brought
candy to everybody didn't kgs but yeah
same thing you know you should have done
is you should gotta you should have got
a squirt done and squirted everybody in
the class me like I'm for starters yeah
bubbles
that's probably cleaner they like it
bubbles and blue cookies
I think that's an a-plus in my book a
snorkel oh really
but what Sidon doesn't need a snorkel
alright that's I get it as funny it's
funny good job dude alright let's eat
some pizza oh I was about to say I was a
dumb idea but I don't want to feel bad
but now that I know it's her idea it was
a amazing idea why can't I ever think of
good ideas like that and so now that I
never have good ideas like you do here
oh yes ma'am thank you that's a hot
piece of cheese hurry mom it's burning
drop it drop it
Vicki want some pizza too
okay kids are in bed kisses have been
given prayers have been said bellies
have been rubbed did you have any
bellies no let it happen
let me sell them up with food filled up
with bellies have been filled little
faces have been tucked into their covers
oh time to know the dishes hey you
noticed thinking you know how people
recently in the vlogs are like seeing
other Shaytards out in public with the
shirts and hats on I think we should
come up with a secret handshake would
that be cool so like if you saw somebody
in the mall wearing a Shaytards shirt
you can walk up and be like Shaytards
and then like do a handshake let's just
make it simple
hahaha Satan here it is good like this
this is what me and Gavin do all the
time like this you pull it you bounce it
and then shiver it
it's like a secret society where's that
cold dish for all you parents well you
know it belonged to a cold so we might
as well do some secret handshakes the
whole dish would that be cool though you
could just walk up to somebody in the
mall and be like they have a shaker just
your undies like Shaytards kids practice
in background you've been doing dishes
and I'll be like walking by I don't know
who you are I'm all send them walking
through like I'm in your house or doing
the dishes it's cool or just chill some
oh hey oh you got the shaker and shirt
on what's up Shaytards imagine walking
up to a complete stranger in a store
somewhere with your like friends or your
parents you see a random stranger you
walk up you do that handshake and go
Shaytards and then just walk away and
what is your family and friends say what
the heck was that what is going on here
let's see one more time this is it okay
it's it's simple it's just a handshake
to this pull it out grab pull it off
belt Shaytards and shimmer it down
magical shimmers all the way down and
you have to whisper it arts
that's the secret handshake if you see
somebody out in public with a shaycarl
hat some argyle socks a Shaytards shirt
on you know that secret handshake that
word um hey and another let's give a big
gracias muy mucho to all of you homies
for once again setting a Shaytards
record last month May of 2014 we had
almost 40 million views that is the most
ever in Shaytards history we started
this channel in October of 2008 that
almost six years ago and for six years
we've been making these videos and last
month is the most views our channel has
ever ever ever gotten thank you
shadows so what I was going to say is if
you feel weird watching some random
family on the internet and a lot of
people always question you like why do
you watch other people's lives on the
internet you're not weird there are 40
million other people well it's not 40
million other people but those count as
views but I'm just saying there's a lot
of people watching the Shaytards so
you're in the know you are ahead of the
curve you know what's cool you're down
you're huge yeah dang it I couldn't
think of anything cool to say but you
said yeah that's all it has that's all
it matters alright see you guys tomorrow
we're gonna wash the dishes make some
kisses rub some bellies oh yeah hands
off my gut yeah you're freaking me out
woman you're freaking yeah he's a whore
he'll enjoy feel it secretly
I don't know wanna play I'm gonna play
the heads you grant you good bye see you
tomorrow okay go shovel shovel shovel
and cheese or shoveling shoveling
shoveling she's shoveling she's yeah
shoveling shuffling she's yeah
shoveling Oh
what they don't know is that we've been
practicing this I'm calling the magazine
for 90 minutes that's not we're
shoveling yeah
I'm we're like two minutes shoveling she
we can't agree on the tune anymore just
sing along shoes yeah let's see the tune
that I he's here in my brain that I
start singing and different than the one
you hear in your brain why she need to
connect my shoes shovel and Xiang is way
better than yours is your Shan my shovel
is Shoshanna show sweet I seriously love
it
sweetness thanks for watching you guys
we love you thanks for watching today's
vlog click the thumbs up button leave us
comments on yesterday's I'll click on
the feeling like your bun to the
Shaytards one two three four five years
ago shoveling ya shovel in shiz
we'll work on floor connor come in
itunes soon
