family of six will be making daily
videos for the last four years welcome
to Shady Platt and their guests so how
do you come up with this idea of just
starting to put stuff on YouTube it's
about to get different relax
thank you for being part of this scrap
this thing we call life logan Carly's
not bringing your sweater home yeah
Logan we even told them we said right
for you laughter you forget anything bro
he's like no no and then as soon as he
left he called and said bring my sweater
all right and Steve hooked me up you
guys Steve has this deal with five for
clothing check on all these free clothes
he got me good teeth this is your car
this is Carly's favorite yeah what makes
your boobs look big howdy what's your
deal with five four you just enter the
cook code you get a free gift
oh just enter the cook code you get a
free gift bro five 4.com slash cook kit
cook cook cook what is it good code no I
really like these clothes what's this
about I needed a belt I whip my children
with that belt sometimes when you are
wrong you are stretchy pawns they will
have stretchy pants because I'm gonna
this is our apartment for LA I'm gonna
be leaving a bunch of clothes here so
that I have Los Angeles clothes this is
my first set I'm gonna go hang them in
the closet it's my life looks a little a
nice apartment we broke it in for you
guys
hey guys doing it out here I have to
disinfect the whole place ah oh look at
him taking selfies in the car Oh Steve
selfie haha now they see me vlogging um
cars selfies oh look you guys we're
gonna be in this selfie
oh man Carly move your head I want to be
in the selfie your selfie hog now
they're laughing all right so today's
the very first official let's get packed
up and get back to Idaho day Carly and
Steve and my mom and my dad and my
brother and my grandma they were all
staying in our apartment now they're all
leaving and so we're gonna start taking
stuff over there the things that we're
gonna leave here in Los Angeles and then
we're gonna get rid of a bunch of stuff
because that's the best thing about
moving is Dee junking all that stuff you
like I might need this I might need this
and then three years later you haven't
used it just get rid of it throw I
thought oh I so i'm following Carly and
Steve to the rental car place they're
gonna drop off their rental car I got
all their bags in the back and then I'm
gonna take them to the airport and they
gonna fly home to Andy Oh Carly style
head back to Idaho
you I know you have to wear camo and
camo and flannel camo
there's two can there be a camo flannel
brand panel this is what i'm campbellot
because i wear stripes with camo when
they said he can't do that but i'm a
rural breaker campbell flat oh is cam
low you have a camel toe in your camel
oh wait okay cut that part out give me a
walk loading out loading out headed back
to Idaho they're 800 where's your other
oh you got another one or it's just
Carly's back yeah those are carly's bags
you got here help me get it get it go
shake push deep word edit ah it is a
very disastrous situation how many times
have we moved during the course of these
vlogs
Oh every year every year know how we get
every single year clear have we really
in here that's true guys that's me I've
been here every year we've moved once a
year for six years five years let's
think okay the house in Idaho and then
we moved here to the house on Mars oh no
uh-uh
Alan Grant from when we first started
the vlogs all right so let's figure we
had the house and Idaho that we started
at and then our first house here in
Venice on Grand Street and then Mar
Street and then do go back Idaho in a
different then we bought it it we back
we moved back to the first house and
then we bought another house in Idaho
and then we move back to LA on Bayona
and then the Jefferson Apartments at
7:00 and then this place is eight and
then back to Idaho 9 we move we've moved
nine times in six years
it's not nice why don't we do that you
do a you I know what okay we do it
together we do it together I don't know
why we just always well because we're
drifters we're drinkers
that's why this is the last one though
is it yes are you sure I don't in how
many years we'll stay at this one for at
least three years 14 maybe a chimera do
we fight a lot do it really
what are we fight about what about when
we fight it doesn't have to be awkward
we're asking you since no we don't
finally we fight a lot even we fight a
lot not a lot what's a lot to you I
think we mean I only you have any idea
what a lot is when it comes to moms and
dads fighting I think you have a very
different perspective how often do you
think we fight and what constitutes
fighting that's it once a month is good
like what what's a month fighting that's
a good that's good odds but like what
what's a fight what constitutes a fight
like like sometimes maybe we're just
having a very serious discussion maybe
sometimes we're just arguing but like
what makes it a fight do we go and throw
stuff your mom hits me do we ever do we
ever throw stuff what do we yell I said
it's about right once a month we get in
a little a little heated discussion yeah
we don't like scream obscenities we
never call each other names and we never
say hurtful things I think that's one
good thing about our fights is we don't
ever say like I hate you you you know
anything like that we never say anything
hurtful we just really try to get our
point across really true think we really
try to get our point across when's the
last fight we're in maybe I do remember
what was it about two months what was it
about well the last one I
burr is one that I'm Gavin bought his
Kindle Fire oh yeah piss me off oh that
wasn't that was a big fight actually to
bring that up and I was right I was
right on that fight you were right okay
so listen to this let me let me vent one
more time that's it I'm just gonna so
you guys remember son tard you get over
here
you profess up to your mistakes you guys
tell me okay listen I was definitely you
guys member that sugar bat we had where
Sun tarde went a year how is your this
big you do okay kiss your boobs easier
anyways so son tired went for a whole
year without sugar right right so then
the the prize that he won was the $500
okay so then it was like a day before
you explain what happened okay so what
he really wanted a kindle fire and I
thought well why don't we just order
your Kindle Fire that way you can get it
on the day that you're supposed to get
the $500 and then you'll get the cash
like the Kindle Fire - like the cash -
we can go fire and you'll get that cash
so what was the Kindle Fire like 200
bucks yeah so Colette's like okay so
we'll just use 200 of that 500 that
you're gonna win by you the Kindle Fire
now and then when it gets here you'll
have it on the day that you accomplish
it I was like cool with that but he
wasn't really putting up a fight about
it yeah like okay I'm like fine but then
she gets she buys the Kindle Fire and
then she wants to give it to him the day
before he actually finishes the bet he
was just really excited cuz it came in
the mail and he wanted to open it I let
him open it so I was gone
here so mad it was so mad I shouldn't
have I didn't even think I was just like
oh how exciting it's here let's look at
it and then afterwards I was like oh my
gosh that was really rude because my
point was like listen I this is a huge
teaching moment for our kid one that you
don't get anything until you actually
earn it even if it is the day before
it's the principle of teaching somebody
that you don't get something until
you've earned it a hundred percent and
plus this was my bet with Gavin it was
like me and his thing so then she goes
she buys him the toy the Kindle Fire
gets here the day before the bets even
over and he gets two
but it like what is that teaching him
that he gets that just kind of get
something before he's actually earned it
and we got in a big big fight about that
videos right and that's the last time
that we fought because I wanted it to be
like okay you did it you wit the whole
year here's the $500 cash you do with it
what you want you know teach them some
responsibility kind of like getting a
paycheck earning a contract or something
where it's like you did it from this
time to this time here's your pay now
you get to decide what to do with it
instead it was like all this back-alley
action back yo it's real shady stuff
went down some black murders yo that's
the last time we fought this I'd say
those are pretty good odds
okay we're packing yeah I'm pissed I'm
going to my room I'm leaving five oh I'm
so mad at you I'm gonna go take a nap
okay so we're packing and I'm hearing a
live laughter coming from the bathroom
he wants what do you think this is too
tight be honest um well is it too tight
no I think you're totally look like you
have a six pack honey I think it gives
you a six pack look see how does shirt
on getting rid of oh you're cute alright
we're going on a day no that's why it's
the best take the camera that's what's
the best well the emotions are wrong
I've done this before maybe they can
tell us when we did it went last
you guys remember last time I screwed up
wait and I remember lots of time cuz I
put together me I could I could go on
forever yeah it's not funny yeah
so tell me what happened first you guys
my favorite band in the whole entire
world is nickel creek they're a
bluegrass band and they're super amazing
and I was so excited because Kelly's
like oh I'm going to this nickel creek
concert with our sister Sadie and we're
gonna have the blast and they're going
in Salt Lake and I was like that's
awesome I'm gonna get online and see
when they're playing here so I did and
they were playing here in Los Angeles on
the 21st not the third already first
five on tickets thinking this whole time
it was the 31st no it's the 21st it was
ten days ago while we were doing
something else
and I had tickets and we were what we
were filming a wrap I think we were
wrapping him we're wrapping instead of
listening to bluegrass music weird
laying down fat beats am i I screwed up
I don't know how I didn't double check
the tickets double check the date the
time make sure I was all on board for
this event because I'm really really sad
about it she started crying I should've
got the camera out sooner oh you need to
see me cry but the thing is I've done
this recently I did this do you guys
remember I don't remember do you
remember don't but I know that there's
been a couple times where it's like
we've got somewhere it's like where is
everybody
I feel I couldn't done that with Church
a lot where we show up to church it's
like oh it's not today no it was like to
an event I don't remember we've done
things where we've gotten halfway to go
to a jazz game and forgot the Jazz
tickets and I gotta turn around
seriously were we ever done that what's
what's one of those things where you've
been really excited about an event
something that you've really been
looking forward to and then you got the
date wrong and you showed up and you're
like what's going on where is everybody
so we just who is at The Wiltern and I
swear that I've actually been to a we
the kings show there we showed up and it
said Brian and Jenny getting married I'm
like babe I don't think Nikol creaks
playing here tonight because it's like
15 minutes before the show supposed to
start the doors aren't open there's no
line to get in
Colette started to cry I messed up again
it's really sad and we're missing a war
barbecue and the Pinewood Derby tonight
I thought we were going to a show I
thought we were going to a concert hey
listen in other news were selling
tickets to the nickel creek concert
thanks Lloyd first day if you have a
time machine and you want to go to the
nickel creek concert we're selling
tickets that's 200 bucks down the Train
where's my DeLorean when I needed all
right you guys check this out look at
this traffic
it is pelipper to bumper as far as the
eye can see
coming in off the 405 this is the 10
East and we've been going for about two
miles now it is bumper-to-bumper look up
there on the overpass see all those cars
stat stat sorry to give thousands and
thousands of people you know why because
there was one wreck three miles that way
and because of that one wreck that one
person who did something whatever it was
it is now affecting these thousands and
thousands of people
think of that my god it is so many such
a good object lesson your decisions
matter every little thing you do whether
it's driving whatever it is FX people
say you just like glance down at your
phone for one second you hit somebody
and now all these peoples come back down
not only is their night change because
they're stuck in traffic probably they
will be gridlocked for an hour just way
that in LA traffic is but think about
all these people it's a Saturday evening
they're probably going somewhere to
being family maybe someone will have
appointments they're all going to be
changed now lives will change because of
this I feel like it's crazy
maybe relationships will head because
somebody's late for last time see that
you you're never on time with this one
one last time so I couldn't help it I
was there was a wreck and I got stuck in
traffic
what if somebody loses their job because
of this and because they lose their job
they can't afford I mean think of all
the effects of one little thing one
little wreck and now thousands of people
are affected amazing hearing about your
decisions make a difference they make a
difference in your lives and the
people's lives around you so always
think for you
don't exit drive don't do it it can't
wait okay instead of going to see her
very favorite band in the world we're
going to see her very favorite movie
series in the world is it mine - Hayley
do you love x-men though usually always
liked them yeah Kaylee loves she has a
crush on Hugh Jackman no I do man I saw
a picture of him with his shirt off on
the beach and I told myself I want to
look just like him he's so handsome
he's like the guy's guy he's buff he's I
ain't kind and he can sing and look at
John Green focus everywhere you guys be
sure that you go and see this on June 6
The Fault in Our Stars better be the
number-one movie the box office that
weekend or I will punch all of you
directly in your jugular veins that'd be
a lot of jugular punching this is the
love story of our generation if you guys
don't will see this movie
you're bad person well then you know
yeah I'm serious you guys put this on
your calendar June 6
The Fault in Our Stars gene it's gonna
be like the new notebook I'm excited I'm
so proud of John Green I've known him
for a like five years you guys if by
some weird happenstance you don't know
who John Green is where the heck you
been author also vlog brother one of the
half of the vlog brothers John and Hank
green they have the channel the
vlogbrothers invented VidCon
you know the 20,000 attendees that check
out Anaheim Convention Center every year
they invented that he's an author and
now his book is being adapted into a
movie called The Fault in Our Stars and
you'd better go see it on June 6 I'm
gonna go see it Cheeks we said it at the
same time we're in love but now we're
gonna go see x-men let's go buy some
candy do dogs x-men was so good we went
and saw it at like the IMAX HD like
surround sound it was way better than a
nickel Creek concert oh snap
do not tell Colette I said that just
kidding babe oh crap she's gonna listen
to this honey come kiss me right now
babe somewhere in the world I exist
come and find me this is exciting
because she's like probably what happens
normally is she usually
he watches the vlogs while she's
breastfeeding the baby so she's probably
in the other room right now watching us
on her phone she always watches it on
her phone and she's probably laughing
right now honey I love you I just want
you to know that and I forgive you for
ruining our child's learning example
about the sugar hmm
oh the telephones ringing that's
probably her whoo hold on let's see who
it is it's Alessandra okay guys
love you click thumbs up click
yesterday's vlog cook on feel like if I
don't see the Shaytards where do I do
the Oresteia Bellavista bredda bye bye
babe seriously come give me kiss right
now hard on the mouth
