really welcome shade Claire and their
guests so how do you come up with this
idea of just starting to put stuff on
YouTube it's about to get different
relax
thank you for being part of this this
thing we call life oh hi time has come
fly away from here
you sound good this morning thank you
I'm a little little nasally yeah it
still sounds painful thing last time I'm
flying wine all right little baby are
you going to miss her and he's gonna
miss you he's gonna miss he's like what
who we're gonna go with in the morning
room all right
Kelly is headed back to her home and I'm
gonna miss her I'm sorry you guys we did
not get a chance to record the music
that we wanted to Kelly has been
battling with a sore throat and nasally
sinus pressure and problems for a few
days we were really hoping that we could
get her better by the day that we filmed
but it didn't happen it's not in my face
yet not in her face so we didn't record
this time but don't worry we are still
working on songs to record any near
future date so don't worry okay sake
apply hey I just want to smile me when I
do smile baby is a good thing
all right rock hard say goodbye to Aunt
Callie it's time for her to go
you can give her her can help you there
let's get up okay say goodbye to Aunt
Polly Oh like fakes oh I'm going to miss
her and she actually has a music video
coming out you guys which song is it for
just a song song you guys I'm so excited
for this is that's a really good song on
her album my hair feed Shea made a bunch
of people like it well it's really good
so there's a music video coming out next
week Tuesday Wednesday it's gonna be
awesome
you guys know take a party when Gabi
welcome back everybody to Shaytards
radio California's number one hit music
channel coming up next we have Callie
Crofts of Mifare fiend playing her hit
song just a song on this song is being
unveiled on this tour I had never played
it for any audience before I came on
this tour it may need some explanation
but I can't really give it it's just a
song
I'm so guilty i replaying moments in my
head and wondering what I should have
done I said
but then one was perfect with your hand
resting on my back to come my trembling
breath before I walked away and swore
that I'd forget but I could not forget
who can I tell it to now you love not
anyone know some things are better left
just bottled in the bottom of my soul or
I couldn't ride in a Sun and all the
crowd will sing along name I wonder if
it's written from experience or not
thanks for joining us on this Shaytards
music break with Callie cross be sure to
check out her new music video coming to
youtube.com slash math fair faint coming
soon
why am i country also giddyup buckaroos
now back to your regularly scheduled
Shaytards programming camel you're
driving
I'm stopped you guys listen listen I
said I wouldn't vlog while I'm driving
but if I'm stopped
that doesn't count daxter's pissed cuz I
got the camera hey you guys guess what
we just kidnapped Sam from icarly you're
in the Shaytards van now jennette
mccurdy we got you girl
alright so we just had lunch with
Jeanette and I said hey what are you
doing let's go pick up the kids and see
how they react when they get in the car
and they and they see a green light go
ahead I just made a commitment that I
wouldn't vlog in five anymore both hands
on the wheel I got some valuable cargo
in the back yeah my baby not you yeah
the baby's good food suppose we're going
to pick up the kids from school right
now and I cannot wait to see how they
react when
stay home from my crowd you know just
cuz you guys know that works Jeanette
was in our fireside the other night and
the kids freaked out then they did like
us cram fest of iCarly episodes later
that's all they've watched since I saw
you the other night so I can't wait to
see how they react when they get in okay
and then after that we're gonna take you
to miss my brother Logan Logan
he has to yawn
oh they didn't even say hi to you I'm so
sorry
they love ok snowflake back are you he's
gonna say hi I'm be polite are ya
goodness throne should I fly move where
he goes wants it taken character hello
are you gonna say hi or just nathan
kress
Nathan Carl oh we got to send a picture
to him that was a long time ago you had
picked out then it was it's often said I
have it oh wow I told them that I had a
treat for them I said I got you guys a
treat I kidnapped at Nickelodeon star
for you physics I guys surprised
oh you guys bud let's walk around eating
food what are you doing
shirtless just got a shower in the pool
say hi to our new friend
Oh what that's awkward not know that she
was back there I really want to make
sure it's in your card
I'm just kidding are you blushing -
dunno I'm watching all right thanks
Ria's laughing you suck the customer is
walking him I'm running it here spike
she wasn't here you don't want her
anymore I'm like do my chest is that cuz
I'm Brendan here I like and you got urge
like know it as blood dripping down her
nose I'm like what sure knows I just use
this what is the device and then I'm
gonna pick it you have any hair in that
bag oh cool oh brother you could get to
my back I have so much hair in my bag -
it's my chest
look it's Paul okay let's do a real test
do that before is bad I like my nose is
really bleeding Casey let me do it your
hair he's a freaking the baby a hell he
is very concerned see you've accessed me
one time if I had nose hair and so that
I got paranoid space okay so we're right
in here we're gonna do a line of coke
really quickly yeah that's okay let's
see does that work
dude that is nice it's like a dry razor
holy shitake mushroom you have a lot of
hair that's nothing let me take my shirt
off
see if it's not cool and I didn't even
cut you let's give the black pin now
hold still hey buddy boy
I love you oh that's cute all right
we're cutting hair off Casey in the
bathroom we're picking out blackheads
right I want to do that to my back I
have a hairy back that's disgusting
sure bro your girlfriends and they're
shaving my brother's back I'll tell you
what you guys have the closest knit
family
don't be jealous dude it's her brother
all right go be jealous all right we're
going down to workout I go one more no
this is it this is it this is it this is
it car car trust me I know I can see
your butt you guys whip up nice pants on
oh wait you you're right it is one more
right oh yeah right what was it litora
where'd you get that watch we're trying
to find a home in our new apartment bill
what I'm going to walk out right now Oh
what are we doing we've got the kids in
tow hey crew I got it Teddy that son
card game can oh hey hey I didn't know
that when did he give you that Oh Astro
cam yeah oh that's sweet hey I'm
watching and watching my goodness is
that it's all fun whistles yeah that is
so cool where'd you get that
ah I found it on the chest flare huh I
found it on the chest play the checks
play dress flip we found it on the
bracelet anyways we are here to debt
boxes because as you know now we are
moving I feel good that we can finally
tell you guys as we've been holding it
in to wait for the right time the right
moment to tell you that we're moving
back to idle and finally you guys know
we are moving back to Idaho so we need
boxes lots of boxes
alright see laughs ramen
you gotta okay we're doing killer Bell
thrusters who does kettlebells squat
yeah we've done smite chick
Shay's done a hundred renegade rows
already push-ups to a row he's coming up
on two hundred of these after this set
of 20 and then they'll be going straight
into his air squats which after he's
done with this set he'll have 300 over
brutal workout really working that
posterior chain front delts form on this
sets a little bit more loose than when
we started there we go get it and this
is just this is in your run-of-the-mill
you find this maybe in a hotel and some
apartment so don't tell me you guys
can't work out out there you viewers and
all you need is your own body weight
right after this stuff and here's my
question
what would Bo do way Ono's circuit
training
bo got five kids in style at the
boutique Oh sometimes I look at my
little entourage and I'm like I agree
well Shay and I together of course but
they were in my belly
great key oh that's so cool you already
showed me that's cool though I get so
excited
thankfully a little baby bully are you
putting other boxes you're such a good
helper
look at this kid they are such good
helper you know all sorts of stuff to
pack here we go Casey do a swim move for
me can't go under the water and swim
we're gonna do that mild winter summer
oh yeah I remember at Scout camp
dude nice good better keep it up bro
that was pretty sweet that's great good
job honey are you peeling your potato so
yep it's been a long day carrot you're
eating carrot yeah they're good for your
eyes they help your eyes because they
have vitamin A Oh smart things you learn
from your mom you're done good job make
and eat it
yeah Oh yummy how is it oh good look bro
tarts got here's got his carrot no no no
no baby dude carrot oh you're so cute
he likes it on his gums he's trying to
get teeth he's really been teasing for
like three months now and he still
hasn't caught any teeth yet
which I'm glad because that means he's
growing up if he gets teeth but it hurts
his little mouth hon they're trying to
come on I love you alright so the kids
got their yearbook that's how close you
are to the end of the school and you in
their yearbook you can like buy an ad to
like tell them that you love them check
out what we wrote in ours so as a
picture these are like all pictures from
the calendar says Gavin Avia and Emmy we
are so proud of you and all that you've
accomplished this year you are turning
into such wonderful people with great
character we love you so much love mom
and dad
PS clean your room and do your homework
or you're grounded we're serious we're
not even kidding
I wonder what other parents think of
that when they see the PS you're
grounded good I love it better have a
little joke in there that was dad's idea
porn you see a look were you surprised
when you saw that did you think it was
funny you think that's my dad always
yelling at me princess I said soon for
the full page yeah I did yeah okay that
pain that's annoying that's not funny
yeah you either have to apologize
profusely or apologize fillable sit
right here you can smack me in the eye
you're like really wide enough bro yeah
she's like okay I'm ready don't we meet
up already
Oh Shh hearts always promoting violence
I mean non-violence hey dudes and
dudettes I'm just sitting here reading
comments before I go to bed and I love
this this Ashlee girl just said nothing
really to do with the vlog but I'm
graduating tomorrow ah and then three
people said Congrats
congratulations congratulations to me
that is there's nothing better than when
I find out that people you know are just
kind to other people in the comments or
meet through our vlogs there's been
multiple times at like VidCon or
playlist live when there are people that
come up to meet us and they're like hey
we were in class together and we both
found out that each other watches
Shaytards vlogs so we became friends now
we're roommates and we drove here a
thousand miles to come to VidCon to meet
you and it's like that's so awesome
because these two people watch some
crazy family on the internet they found
a friend and now thus a roommate and
like a roadtrip partner that is that I
think nothing more flattering to me than
finding people who like meet other
people through the Shaytards blogs
oh and when people tweet me that they
saw somebody like at their school or at
their University or in a shaycarl shirt
or hat and they see them they gave each
other high-five I love that if you ever
ever and this goes for everybody
watching if you ever are out in public
and you see somebody wearing shaycarl
socks or a shaycarl hat or a shrew you
go up and you say Shaytards and
high-five and if i hear about any
you not high-five in one another you're
gonna get it your load from me yes
understand Shh sorry baby
guard sleeping sorry baby dark I don't
know why she's sleeping on this couch
this is where Kallie was sleeping but
Kelly flew home so now baby card is
inhabiting it I love you guys
I'll see oh right yes I forgot yesterday
is not Friday I don't know what I was
thinking in the end slate I don't know
why I thought it was Friday all day
yesterday but then I'm like wait it's
Thursday so uh we'll see you one Monday
this time okay love you guys bye
wish I owned
everyone always watching closely
she got a break she's resting
Pinscher
Oh guilty
hardly
right
Oh
