sister Dave was that a carb did you just
see the carb spit it out spit it out
right now
spit it out that you are not having that
young man
two left
- Oh sing the socks on tongue oh I've
got the socks and I got my socks and I
got my ah Saxons I got my socks on I got
my socks and I got my ah ah Saxon listen
to this normally I mean that's normally
just cute but it's even more cute
because he just threw up twice there's
like this bug that's going around in our
family baby tard yesterday had this
24-hour flu bug where she was just
throwing up all day long and all sudden
this morning he has it so he just came
running upstairs like dad dad dad I got
throw up your throw Mike cable in the
bucket on the bucket and I ran him into
the bucket he just like his little
bellies like oh you know how it is like
your whole body clenches up made me so
sad to see this little guy throwing up
and then as soon as he was done he comes
I clean him up
they lay him on the bed and all sunny
comes walking in singing I got my socks
on I got my socks on like dude you just
threw up everywhere you're supposed to
be pouty and like laying in bed and
whining but he's like singing the socks
on song song okay let's go find a pod
okay let's go find the iPad you will
find the iPad I love this little boy
he's so cute I'm sorry you're sick buddy
oh hi hi that's me lay down kids and car
because she's crazy for for just gonna
eat her here I just watched a tow I just
watched it all these babies do I know
we've got four rib√©ry today riku baby
come on can't wait to get going all up
I'm just gonna skip the getting pregnant
and I'm just gonna have these buggers
gonna still mine okay are you guys all
moms you and this is Howard wait don't
work the fool I know I just waiting for
it Oh as long as you get it in my nail
and he's wearing with you like kick that
leg they gave him a so fine those are
high you're so style it's like one
around floor and maybe
I know it's very fourth-of-july worthy
with a decimal mmm-hmm
so today is gonna be the first episode
back with Kaylee and Shahrzad and their
babies so we're gonna three babies on
the episode today 40mb so stay tuned for
that you guys it's gonna be crazy
hopefully they all behave when I pick
his nose I can stand baby boogers I
still pick Cooper's Nelson he's a big
auntie snatch him cuz I grew it up with
the handle it I can't either we can
consider them like I'm like Cooper lay
down he knows I have to bribe him out
like I'll buy your toy let me give up a
girl she's like you're disgusting you
also like deposits though huh yeah
that's how say right here that's a shame
just boogers just look at a couple
across he's just getting a tooth I'm not
too big but a q-tip just wet a little
bit all right I got it okay I got there
we're definitely moms aren't we we got
to get those boogers get the mother so
Collette is at maker studios shooting
the moms view her and Callie went there
and poor little rocked her she's thrown
up like five times but he's so tough he
doesn't cry he doesn't whimper he
doesn't mope around he just throws up in
the bucket and then goes back to
watching his movie or starts singing a
song or something he's so cute I feel
bad for him here's the sick station got
the barf bucket got some Kleenexes got
some water some crackers a little cute
boy and some movies you feeling okay
buddy you still feeling sick you ever
but he just throws up and goes back to
watching movies
what are you watching Mickey Mouse
Clubhouse it's the Mickey Mouse
Clubhouse come inside and take ride I
love you buddy I love you so much daddy
he'll take care of you okay
daddy's here if you need anything all
right do you want any more water or
crackers you good I love you you're the
guard dog for the sick baby kay this is
the bed that Mommy tarde made for when
baby tarde was sick and now rock cards
inhabiting it may be tarred threw up
like ten times in the course of 24 hours
so it's like some 24-hour bug but
hopefully it doesn't keep spreading to
everybody in the house you guys I got a
sick little boy on my hand
we'll pick up the kids he doesn't feel
good at all he's holding the bucket
Nizam might throw up right now I gotta
go get the kids from school though cuz
Colette said her shoot so we're taking
the bucket with us here we go
alright you guys poor little rocker has
been throwing up all day do you feel bad
for him it's not a contest of vomit baby
tard so rock hard you need to go four
more times if you want to equal your
sister well you owe
he owes those six throw-ups to you
thanks a lot maybe the next four times
he throws up you can do it on your face
throw but your face jokes classic all
right so we're leaving our apartment
complex now cuz we're gonna come see
Carly and Logan but they're gone
apparently so now we're going home and
she's doing her homework good girl
Oh little baby oh baby oh hello baby boy
boy baby boys hey what are you doing oh
yes this is your Russian aunt this is
your Russian person that takes care of
you done yeah that's good
Hey look a little baby boy baby you like
her huh Jim you see she'll kill oh cool
hi hey we've got Kelly those videos
that'll answer you'll do what you live a
really sexy
again Kelly's working out some new SIOC
I was gonna give it away talent I scored
but no I think that that was kind of
enough probably kick it like it but
we're actually working on like three or
four you'll never know what we're gonna
do tomorrow in the studio like you know
no we don't even know you don't know
that we know what we're doing I'm
excited it's gonna be really awesome
whatever it is because Kelly is putting
it together
she is pretty amazing this lid is no
nothing I'm going to be doing a bit of
everything
yep no it's good hey guys did you see
the announcement on the Logan Mackay 54
quiet I'm vlogging hey guys did you
welcome okay is committed to six videos
a week didn't hear me say it enough go
watch and I'll tell you how many times I
love to comment and I'm sure some of you
have done it for me already but if you
go to the Logan Mackay 55 channel and
check out his new video please do me a
favor tweet me
how many times did Logan Mackay 55 used
the term six days a week
count them start at the beginning to the
end and count how many times does he say
the term six days a week and let me know
it was bad I was really repetitious so
I'd said it a lot six days a week 16 six
days a week that's a big commitment you
think you can do it I don't even do six
days a week my goal is to do it until
the end of summer and I feel like I need
to make an accomplish a goal to make
myself you know what I was thinking
though when you made that video I was
thinking this summer is gonna be a lot
of fun yeah we're gonna do a lot of fun
stuff this summer all the butler's are
gonna be back in Idaho we're gonna have
a lot of fun stuff me I well I can't say
son tard we're gonna be doing something
very special wink wink don't say
anything it's a secret me inside I have
a special project we're working on baby
tart is gonna open a ziplining business
baby tards like to zip that's the name
of the business LLC check it out links
below
yeah this is that your catchphrase look
down that line it's gonna be a fun
summer Logan we're gonna listen we go
back you know what we're gonna do what
we're gonna find a water-ski boat yes
and I think we're gonna go water skiing
and wakeboarding and wake skating and
surf skating and wake skating and surf
snowboarding and stupid
just a lot of stuff and we're gonna do
so much water skiing and not white girls
and just tell them about it and they can
pick up do you want to tell it you want
to tell them well why'd you say that
yeah I mean teenager problems it's my
last year of being a teenager and all my
emotions are all building up tell them
bro here go through your Logan's
problems but listen okay don't make fun
of him
the think Casey's not here but this is
something that I think is very important
to talk about because I'm sure some of
you experienced some of the same sort of
jealousy slash angst slash why do I feel
this way okay explain the scenario so
I'm gonna say it cuz everybody else out
there thinks it if you have like a
significant other it can even be a best
friend or like a girlfriend or something
it's like you leave and you're out of
town and it's like they text you ins
like hey I'm gonna go waterskiing with
all of these guys and these girls you
know I'm gonna go is that okay and they
say okay I'm going it just makes you
feel bad it's like I don't want you to
have fun without me it's so dumb it's
like I'm here in California doing all
this fun stuff and I'm having a great
time then I see that and I'm like oh
yeah okay so specifically his girlfriend
Morgan is going water skiing and
wakeboarding with all these guys and he
asked me goes Shay I thought it was very
big of you Logan to say this he goes
Shay am i immature I'm like why bro why
do you say that and he went on to
explain to me that Morgan's girlfriend
just texted him and said hey I'm gonna
go wakeboarding Logan's girlfriend
Morgan thanks for the correction Gavin
texted him and said hey is it okay if I
go wakeboarding with all these people
and you know you don't want to be that
that weird significant other and be like
no you can't go with those people while
I'm here in California
so of course Logan says yes fine that's
fine go have fun they're my friends it's
cool but still you feel this little like
jealousy inside left out almost like
it's like they're all gonna go boating
it's like I'm left out you're like man I
wish I could be there but then I told
him I said dude think of how she felt
the other day when you're posting
selfies of jennette mccurdy you know
like how does that make her feel like
this really gorgeous girl who's famous
you're posting pictures of her that's
got to make her feel that same kind of
like oh my boyfriend's in Los Angeles
getting selfies with jennette mccurdy
like pink all that made her film
definitely you're on Sam the table goes
both ways and the biggest thing is don't
get mad and react just take a step back
but it's important to talk about those
feelings that's why I told Logan that's
important I said that's good to show
that you're at least conscious of that
you have those feelings and you're
wondering why you have those feelings
and where they come from so let's just
talk about them let's talk about our
feelings matter whew Oh No stop Casey's
here yeah no matter feelings anymore
Bray Bray Bray have fun at the activity
Brett Brett Brett your hair looks nice
bright bright bright bright bright I
think you have a great hairdo Bray Bray
oh she wears Casey Wow
I think he could murder somebody I can't
do we're here talking about our feelings
Casey feelings does it but no he does
not
okay we'll follow you to the pier let's
go okay all right we're going to that
the side of Monica Pier and think about
this you're gonna be posting pictures
from the Santa Monica Pier and she's
gonna feel like oh man
Logan's there with his really awesome
brothers brothers all right talk about
your feelings guys all right here we go
hi guys read this huh
um semana cup here and um we're gonna
I'm gonna ask my dad if I can go on some
of those um ride down the desert the
bride if you can put on any rides
Lucas yes we are I'm on it
yes we are you have money to pay for
those rides
No hi you have four quarters yeah you
bring your four quarters yeah let me see
him I'll help you vlog yup four quarters
alright I guess we got four quarters you
can go on a ride back hey brahbrah
hey Brett if you didn't know we are on
the Sena Monica Pier and I am being
devirginized right now this is the first
time I've ever been on this pier and
vlogging about it and check it out
motion I'm Perla um um got a bunch of
stuff over there got a ferris wheel
this pair has been in a lot of videos
and now it's in a Shaytards video with
me vlogging about it I'm gonna be honest
it's pretty cool so far I'm liking my
experience it's not too hot it's kind of
breezy kind of cold it's not good
temperature it's good temperature going
up and we're gonna go get some food I'm
extremely hungry like oh I'm hungry
Logan McKay that death duck that's done
I've got shut up shut up sucking on your
nose oh oh that's we're not allowed in
public I'm sorry Logan you're so
embarrassing my sister had to save you
on that one sister
dave was that a carb did you just need a
carb spit it out spit it out right now
spit it out that you are not having that
young man here you wanna breath yes you
look super focus flashes
I got Steve's brownie juice on my hand
crew food kitchen just had dinner there
Steve cook paid for us hmm
that is a place to go that no matter
what you get on the menu it's healthy
Whole Foods you come to Santa Monica go
they're delicious did you like your
pizza
she got a fresh basil tomato pizza I got
the asparagus mushroom pizza and this
like strawberry salad dying it was
delicious what do you wanna say like
okay well you wanna go to the ferris
wheel all right we're gonna go look
through the small and hang out and then
we might go ride the ferris wheel
okay mommy turns a home with rock drugs
he's still throwing up thanks for dinner
at Stefan oh did you guys enjoy it oh so
good I have a six-pack now if you go eat
there you'll get a six-pack what we had
our first data oh it is right there
sweetie colas girlfriends there I got
the discount the Steven cook on a budget
tell us peer discount look it's Lewis
Boonton Carly you like Lewis Lewton
don't you Michael
Tiffany man they go their fancy stores
here don't you hate how they put these
things so skateboarders can't grind oh
but he can Ollie it come on bro let's
see that oh yeah pretend you landed it
like that on purpose nice and of course
as we learned in the vlog the other day
at the international rule for Tech Deck
jumps is no matter how that little board
lands you pretend that's how you landed
it on purpose ladies and gentlemen just
one of the many tips you're gonna get
here on the Shaytards channel about life
thanks for watching if you want to see
more Shaytards entertainment click on
yesterday's vlog feeling lucky button
you got to fit in lucky button Bonin you
click on that finis luck and button tell
you that watch your language
and if you want to see if the shape
cards are doing exactly on this day one
two three four and five years ago that
is right I know what you're asking
you're saying shaded you vlog every day
for five years will almost check them
out links there click them late click
click click them if you're on a mobile
device those links are not clickable but
however for your convenience I have
added them in the description below also
you guys brand new socks you can
actually if you're on your computer
click on that R which stands for rodeo
arcade that's our merchandise
door if you click right there you go get
some new socks click on that subscribe
button if you want to see more of us
because we want to see more of you and
leave me a comment below I want to know
about your feelings have you ever felt
like jealous of somebody and you thought
yourself like why am I feeling jealous
right now I should not feel jealous but
still I'm feeling that have you ever had
any experience like that let me hear
smooth stories below on and read those
and I know Logan does alright guys
love you and we will see you tomorrow
one last reminder the brand new podcast
that we just uploaded today talking
about why we're moving back to Idaho is
live click on that feeling lucky button
brand new when the kids go to sleep
podcast Colette and I really delve into
all the details of why we're gonna move
back to Idaho I think you'll agree with
us but I'll leave that up to you alright
dudes and dudettes we'll see you
tomorrow
you
