all right as we're doing the podcast we
forgot to book Cecily to help us watch
the baby look who's the babysitter big
ol hoop denim jacket ruff
get him out of there dude get him out
and hold him actually he's fine if he's
cheating on anything the biggest piece
of advice would be to possess anywhere
you don't want to get vomited on there's
six more in the bottom part of that
stroller all right we're doing the
podcast here we go all right I'm about
I'm here with Alessandra major studios
we're making a deal this is the deal
table I'm about to have a conference
call with a very important person but
more importantly I just made a deal with
Alessandra who said that she's been
working out lately and working on her
upper body strength but I've also been
running running nowhere near I told her
if he gets to where she can do a hundred
consecutive push-ups without stopping
like counting them out one to one
hundred I will give her $1,000 who's
never happened but maybe it well if you
say it won't happen it won't it will say
it will happen
thousand dollars is some motivation okay
thousand bucks thousand dollars one
hundred push-ups I'm going to do it or
if I left up to five thousand Jesus no
Jesus isn't concerned with me I'm asking
for her you know I need I need the
strength
okay we'll agree to agree to a thousand
if you are into five thousand would you
do it I'll get personal you don't need a
personal trainer you just need to be
able to count to a hundred and get on
your stomach and push up every day
that's all right eggs okay okay do it
until I can do notice ready five
thousand I think you should okay that's
the motivation
I'll give dude I seriously I'll shake on
right now five you guys here to our hair
right here
five thousand dollars okay if you can do
a hundred and they have to be good
push-ups I'm not going to be a I'm gonna
be a stickler I'll do one
I know how many can you do right now you
like to - okay let's see do as many as
you can hold on check this out
check what's going on at her maker
faders alejandro working on his
treadmill just take your shirt off for a
second with ladies okay let's see it oh
dang it
I wasn't sexually harassing you
alejandro okay good don't file anything
or anything weird son okay here we go
let's do it this is what oh that's good
go you need to like touch your nose on
the ground
three three that's as many as you can do
I did this morning okay okay take it
it's official I will pay you $5,000 I
can do 100 to 600 up but listen they
have to be here let me show you it to be
good yeah touch your nose to the
growling this wee all the way up flat
back cut your nose to the ground like
that - I need to count to a hundred five
thousand bucks okay this last for a year
okay one year one year hundred question
May 23rd you have one year to do it
one year and then the deal is off I hope
you don't marry
that's exciting alright we're going to
pick up grandma and grandpa and
great-grandma and lo Guilbert at the
airport I see them hey guys welcome to
California I Loki bear hey guys how's it
going well look my mom taking a picture
of me Oh guys smile smile oh we're in my
mom's Facebook now I'm on my mom get
this it in rockford ck and get on in
here we go
i Logie bear the truck who's hungry dad
who wants a big laugh again grandma
love you
I was telling grandma I said look at all
these grandkids if you weren't here none
of these guys would be here all your
posterity is here because of you you
made all of these you know we don't
really love all of them necessarily I
mean it's just it's good to have them
here we love them all whole family's
here
Kaley dawn let sister Candace man you
guys look a lot alike right now grandma
Lynette Collette not you too I mean you
and your sister collect your now
you guys are look very different than
here here's Logie bouquets here hello
why but he has a rat tail that's all I
still get all grandpa's here counts up
here these two are best friends these
guys have not separated since they got
here
hey Tati you guys singing I think we
have a case understanding cousin tear go
snips they might get married they just
are like the best buddies hanging out
and then here's all the cool kids over
here yeah we could be our lucky day
 Lexi what hey Lexi hi right Yeah
right this is my light I have to have a
light
what no we're about to call our name
we're gonna go eat dinner I'm starving
me just wait an hour we want to say gage
I'm getting whispers okay whispered
what what what what do you have a crush
on Lexi they're gonna say is that it you
ever crush on Lexi yes tell her that
your face getting red
Lexi have a boyfriend
gage has a crush on you oday look Brett
Cheesecake Factory waiting for our table
place hey bro you holding hands keep
going keep going let's go over here and
hold her hand Rock turn go that way run
catch in Makati dun da-dun da-dun da-dun
da-dun da-dun Taran done Toronto run
Toronto ah the gentleman only ladies
forbidden golf welcome alright here we
are today at the Westchester Golf Course
racking up nine holes
Lissa's Logan's idea let's go golfing
and since I didn't dad you know that
footage I got the other day we're in
Bear Lake yeah all of that that Korat
sucks because that was some good footage
see even my dad knows that was good
footage it was beautiful really well
their lake is that it's known as the
Caribbean of the Rocky Mountains because
it's so blue and we were just like
overlooking this lake it was amazing
anyways here we are Westchester golf in
nine holes today and it is a little
overcast no bother though cuz I'm still
living the polarized light luck wants a
hares name I was like one person in the
car they're announcing a name the guy
announces like it's the killer no
scotiand welcome the Jones group and
everyone's like I'm like how they don't
do that Logan sitting here waiting I'm
like what are you doing he's like the
after announced my name hey Logan dude
hit that shut up on the G Logan Butler
perform oh my bad Logan said he's going
to play the Nets today just going to
bounce them off these net this is a par
three straight up the fairway let's see
what Logan McKay can do right there on
the shot it's up its up it's to the
right
oh oh
move on show thank you away to
Logan here all right me and Shay against
Logan and my dad for lunch so Shay first
tee go baby let's let's see it put stick
it close call phrases right stick it
close pin-high
o for yell at bar sorry dude you're in
is know you're inches Shay literally
just missed a guy's head by inches
that's scary Casey levere on the first
tee don't hit those dudes that's in the
net I seriously almost tagged those
dudes over there it bounced right behind
the guy I thought that a 9-iron
okay watch my ball okay oh okay sweetie
trust that all right so there's a pond
up there about 240 yards
Oh sliced it
well let's go find our balls right here
we are about a hundred yards from the
hole Casey's gonna chip up and try to
get on that green can he do it ladies
and gentlemen let's see if he could do
it
nice shot that's up oh that's gonna be
right on money shot 9 feet from the pin
did you get that 9 feet from the pin
Casey's relentless with making fun of
look
Logan's over there on the other team
boxes shooting over here but he's just
trout he's just thrown a ball down all
right here we are in a part for me in
case he had two great shots unto others
two shots were on the green already I
know
heads up gonna tag that tree what's the
car you're on the next all right I'm
putting for birdie here see if I can
make that Casey levere button for birdie
this is shot 3 of a par 4 can he sink it
ladies and gentlemen to win a brand-new
Mitsubishi Lancer on the prices Golf
Carl Butler get Oh rimmed out so here we
are playing right next to the Los
Angeles International Airport that's the
tower right there where they call in for
the planes and we are teeing off on the
what hole is this Logan 5th hole are par
4 right here I'm about to whack it
Kasey's that's my belt Casey hold on sir
we're setting up a golf shot and a
camera shot here
sounded good sound really good
approaching Casey levere for his second
shot on the sixth hole let me do this is
a lot of fun hanging out your brother's
your dad's alright here we are on the
ninth hole the very last hole and the
score is close
Casey is in the lead with a 40 Ortiz fly
him in second place with a 42 Carl has a
43 Logie bear in last place but still
best looking with a 44 he's gonna shrim
rack it Shrek Shrek Shrek err write down
F air force oh and he just Casey just
kicked his ball over there
go get at Logie Baird alright so this is
the last hole I was ahead of Casey Noah
is tied with Casey and now I have to
come up two strokes on this hole so I
need to I need a really good Drive you
guys let's do this
3:09 hole Carlos I'm down by two really
need a good drive here hoping to put it
on the green thing it drive yeah tell me
he hooked it a little bit alright the
ninth hole Kasey is shooting for birdie
right here this is his third shot on a
par four let's see him drop this monkey
right here get the honk in the hall get
the whole new sheet Rodriguez dude that
was a 30-foot shot nice for birdie Casey
on the last hole I recorded it yeah that
was a sweet shot he was right there I
was a great shot all right Casey wins
Casey with the victory second place
first loser haha what are you guys doing
that's cute he's playing a little toss
the ball around the circle
properly passed to me hot potato
it's coming on Oh fake just keep away
from rock tart
another to pass to me oh you got it pass
it that's fun that's cute
talk to you wanna play wanna play you
guys Totti wants to play over there hey
open the circle up talkies gonna come
play he puts it next to rock card you go
sit next to rock party you can play okay
let talk to you on a play okay sit down
cut here he goes there it is Oh watch
our door teller it's okay
Oh give her a hug go she wants a hug she
needs a hug
be nice to talk to you on or I'll punch
you guys in the nose you've come tell me
if they're mean to you Tatiana right I
got to go to write a talk for this
fireside that's happening in three hours
and then we went to the fireside and I
think it went really good it was so good
to meet all of you who came out there
was about 400 people there it was so
awesome to talk to you guys and hug you
and get pictures and special performing
guest David Archuleta sang and his
friend jennette mccurdy from icarly was
there and my daughter's freaked out it
was awesome hello everybody
dad I'm vlogging shut your mouth
hey dad don't you want me to make you
blog again alright that's it here
vlog vlog dad huh you got honey here we
are from sunny Los Angeles they enjoy
the Memorial Day weekend look into the
camera and make it connection camera I
don't see you look into the camera make
a connection for your audience
DJ me dad are you mocking my profession
my career would never mock you what I do
for a living this is a lemon
have it hand it over give me my hey guys
I'm sorry my dad such a dork
we're at the fireside last night and
somebody came up to my dad and said Carl
I saw your first vlog from the cabin the
other day and he's like what are you
talking about anyway so we are grilling
up some grills
there's flock there's what is what our
two chefs are here hola cookin up kebabs
let's see what you got there looking
very professional a boy sure and lettuce
just come on Casey and Logan went and
put this together they marinated the
chicken and we got a grill here our
other grill ran out of gas so we had to
buy this grill and some briquettes at
the store so that we could shish kebab
are you putting shrimp on yours Logan
I think this shrimp on the barbie he
cook and I could eat about my house
daddy ate them true and false are they
good you're a good man they're like
shrimp scared oh so you had some too I
got some garlic lime shrimp anyways
we're just enjoying the weekend we just
got out of church and now all the
family's here we're having a big
barbecue and it feels nice just to sit
here and the Sun on our back deck and
shish kabob it up on a grill there you
go
Hey vinegar Rock Uli's Melek yummy
chicken bogs Rock charts calling chicken
bobs those chicken bobs you want a
chicken Bob now you know why chicken Bob
now oh I'm gonna eat three of those
chicken Bob's you always outdo yourself
Casey
Casey's the family chef hey bring that
diva baby out here it's not really Elsa
he is a Disney print do you want to
vomit a snowman he's trying to look at
it what does that mop stuck to my head
so I just ate my shish kebab roughly 28
grams of protein just talking to Steve
cook about how to get my soldier nation
on do it she's coming back to Idaho and
guess what
we haven't told of that yet figured out
okay edit that part out yeah tomorrow
yes I do phone you up
should we leave that in when is that
podcast now you look like a euro like a
dude yeah yeah do you want my realtor
you want to build a snowman
no man with me in my Bush I pick no
thanks Molly
quit lay hold on here's who needs where
and put that on Carl this isn't why dad
looked in like in 1973 this is what my
dad looked like when he went to
Woodstock
yeah knows ice too
Hey look at me whoa
you would like to go for a ride with me
hey Laurie you want to go to this
Woodstock did you say what stock look at
those shish kabobs
dang
what kind of sausage that smells so good
Broder's like what did I just witness I
am not sure if I'm gonna be scarred for
the rest of my life or not
lexy go out there and tell him he's a
weirdo Logan all right
go tell him he's it because he is a
weirdo I mean he's a weirdo Alexi guide
you either Gergely oh let's scare you I
scared you so good you don't care cake
loser
what oh I'm stepping on the carrot cake
how'd you do that I was trying to get it
but then it slipped off my plate cuz I
was too busy watching Dexter being so
cute
well that is very distracting carrot
cake it's really good it's vegetable
it's healthy happy Memorial Day
everybody we hope you're spending it
with your family and you're enjoying
your freedom we are so glad to be
together as a family on Memorial Day and
we are very excited to be together as a
family more often Winky Winky hey if you
want to know more about the fireside we
couldn't film it there was some things
that I shared in the fireside that I
actually didn't want to be on the
internet so those people who came they
got a special privilege and I don't know
if you'd call it a privilege but there
were some stories and things that I
talked about that I don't necessarily
want online so if you were there that
night you know what I'm talking about if
you guys want to see a podcast where we
talk about the fireside click on the
feelin lucky button up there there's a
brand new podcast where we talk about it
yesterday's vlog and see what the
Shaytards are doing five four three two
and one years ago we'll see you tomorrow
rock tourettes say see you tomorrow guys
he's eating the sandwich okay love you
guys
