Wow Oh what white boy
what what look I thought no what what
Zeke you have to respect me now I'm an
author do you know that yeah
author that's right I write books just
fading huh I just got a tweet from the
famous mr. doodyhead
if you didn't see my tweets and you
don't follow me on Twitter then what
kind of person are you
oh follow me on Twitter links below so
there was a big press release today in
the New York Times the New York Times by
Simon & Schuster there is a brand new
book deal coming down the pipes so
there's some youtubers Shane Dawson Joey
Graceffa iJustine shaycarl
that's me and another guy who's I can't
remember the other guy I'm gonna get
crap in the comments anyways we are all
writing books good old mr. Doody head
always knows how to just shoot it
straight so you guys may have seen this
guy I'm giving you a shout out dude he
had he's gonna hate and love this at the
same time this is so true
congratulations to shaycarl a man who
struggles to limit spelling and grammar
mistakes per tweet to under three just
signed a book deal I know I cannot spell
I am NOT a smart man but I'm passionate
and I have ideas that I want to share
with you and I cannot spell very well I
really rely on that little red squiggly
line many times there are many many
times where I am interacting online that
if it wasn't for that little red
squiggly line underneath my word I would
not know how to write anything and
there's even times where I'm trying to
type a word that the computer doesn't
even recognize it so then I purposely
try to misspell it again just so it's
like oh that's what you're talking about
okay this is the word that I think that
you're trying to say Shea but by golly
that is not gonna stop me from right
book I will write a book I'm sure they
will have somebody at Simon & Schuster
who will proofread it for me I just you
know it's true I'd be the first to admit
it I am horrible at grammar and at
spelling I did not excel at that in
school I am NOT an educated man but I
feel like I am wise
anyways so if you didn't hear I'll put a
link below I am finally gonna do a book
and I'm really excited about the concept
that we're gonna be working on I'll let
you know more as soon as I'm allowed to
but if you want updates and information
there is a link below that you can check
out where you can get information on my
book okay okay excuse me
cute girl it's the California state flag
see you're so adorable I feel like you
could pass as a 17 year old hey guy
let's just go to the mall okay that was
17 year old soup well I decided I don't
know how to wear these is it supposed to
be flat like down like this or is it
supposed to be like oh my god don't do
that I think just have it like you know
me I don't like these hats I know you
like them round I like the baseball I
decided I'm going to embrace the new
style here hold your head up don't turn
your head would cause you're all good
right there wait hold a in the middle
there wait there there that's it
smile what do I look like now you're
going on crooked that's how it's
supposed to be how do you know it's
supposed to be I know what the kids like
these days in the comments guys okay how
are you supposed to where you the side
like that you can't hold your head still
in the middle I can't turn it if you
move what I'm going to my forehead
want to be cool pain is beauty cuddle
right how do you wear this hat like this
no like this that's your rally cap
that's if you're hey guys you're down by
six runs in the ninth inning you need to
put your rally cap on that's cute too
they should wear hats you're adorable
how do you wear your hats I am a good
old-fashioned baseball cap I like it
tight I like round just like that I hope
this side will come back because I do
not like the flat bill I can't do it I
can't pull it off I'm not a fan well you
know it's not as comfortable if it just
feels flat right that's what I want what
a nice hat that just like comfortable
you know
let's grab go on it like that you look
cute though Thanks you should wear that
I am state of California there's a buyer
in a star okay love you I'm going back
to my editing job yo wassup wassup
wassup hey we have a lot of people that
are disappointed because there wasn't an
update on your secret admirer garden
crush well I forgot to go again today oh
you didn't go either I know so today did
you go again today you didn't go to
either today any more notes nope yeah do
you think you know who it is
well I'm guessing it's true but she said
that she started this prank where you
say that now everyone's coming and she's
like oh she's so stupid how do you fall
for that
and I'm like well actually you're the
stupid one because how am I supposed to
know if do you think that maybe she's
just saying that because like she feels
bad that you didn't show up I don't know
she's just saying that it's a prank but
so you think you got pranked maybe maybe
you're gonna show up in the garden and
they're gonna beat you up maybe four big
dudes we're gonna jump you and break
your legs no no that's not the only
that's possibility
well I even have to watch Oh we'll keep
us updated on the secret admirer all
right and be careful in the garden of
love of love hey I want to tell you
something actually yeah would you kiss a
girl if it was a girl that you liked do
you think you're ready to kiss and on
what on the girl yeah that's what I'm
saying like if it was a girl that you
liked and you're ten years old do you
think you're ready to have your first
kiss at ten years old she's a good
kisser dude kid Louis Mack you know I
don't die so I think you should slow
your roll Joe I didn't have my first
kiss till I was seventh grade how old
are you in seventh grade 13 I guess I
think you should wait till then
I will I didn't well actually I did do
it once but what on the lips
no cheap okay so it doesn't count until
it's like an official you can't like
running up to somebody in the playground
and just kiss him on the cheek doesn't
count it has to be like a slow leg I
love you kiss me just kiss me once just
please one toe and lips rose Colette
tell your son not to kiss anybody with
my mom oh not my mom your mom was that
the makeout sesh yes all right
nice one bro my first kiss with your mom
was magical have you ever heard that
story oh oh
I knocked her off her feet do you like
it lizard baby boy would you went to the
camera too so we pureed some of this
watermelon for the baby to see hey Lysa
and he loves it he loves it it's so
delicious what I know your dirty kids
are dirty their grossest yeah yeah we
you're gonna have a bath after this too
one of the best things is watermelon and
why wouldn't I give it to my little baby
boy he loves it he loves it
for getting you addicted early yes we
are Hey
stop yelling at the kids I'm gonna
Vaughn Hey
stop yelling at kids from having a blog
what are you doing where you going
hunter hey nice socks by the way all
right show those off oh I'm glad you've
been wearing them and getting them so
Johnny they say my dad's name on them
son tard come here and show them hey are
you putting awesome away I want you guys
to yelling at them because they left the
pieces out and when we have nice games
we do not leave pieces out that is
actually a pet peeve of your mother get
lots of you can't play the game that is
annoying
come here son card let's show them hey I
want to have a tournament with you and
princess card who do you think will win
on that word game your princess card I
mean read your son let's see
son tard fell and scratched his foot
tell me what happened so we were at
Tesla's house where assess Lee's
birthday party I was climbing a tree it
wasn't that very kind of a climbing tree
and I was wearing flip-flops said long
story short he fell and then jabbed a
branch into his foot and today didn't he
didn't do anything for like three days
it's hard to puss up we found there's a
giant piece of wood in his foot and I
got it out by myself son tired grant I
told him I said you gotta start
squeezing that pus out all that I hear
me on dad dad there's a piece of wood
this giant piece of wood stuck inside of
his foot not tight
well for inside your foot that's just
considered giant take the beam out of
your own eye young lady how would you
like a piece of wood that big in your
foot helped pave was it that's still a
big piece of wood it's bigger than any
sliver you would ever imagine
yeah yeah see look baby turn why don't
you love me as much as your sister loves
me huh why don't you have your socks on
I don't want to get my dirty Irishman
mine hello amen brother
I like that answer you can't copy your
brother's answer yeah what's up with you
look at the bottom show me the bottom of
those socks because you've been run
around on these hardwood floors and
there's new socks are available right
now go to Rodeo arcade I'll put a link
below you go buy these right now what's
for dinner I'm starving what I meant to
say is how can I help you prepare dinner
for our family my love oh yeah that's
what I meant to say I'm sorry hey what
what would you like well in that case I
need you Cal me upstairs watching videos
let me know when it's ready I'll cut all
this out just kidding
dad it's not funny all right we're
having spaghetti and then we're gonna
have an awesome Oh tournament between
the two kids whoever loses has to sleep
in the backyard cameras rolling
actors are in place action you are you
know who are you know who are you are
you sure you know I'm out of here
I was the psychotic laugh of your
six-year-old okay another one okay how
many little mini plays do you have okay
costume change camera cut wait hood wait
wait setup coming
cameras rolling get into place okay
cameras rolling everybody set and action
I'm died dating hot doggers calling
nurse corners temperature is fine please
stop it
where is his I know what work-ready
nutsack okay ready hissing where yep DL
clear before you do that tap paddles
ready
clear that's a wrap that's a wrap
he still died you guys I think he likes
the attention of being died it still
died you guys nurse he needs you is sick
get that out of your mouth you're a big
boy you're a tough Superman for those of
you out there trying to lose weight it's
not easy when you have kids in the house
there's a million temptations Mesmer
went to New York how about a backpack
full of M&Ms this thing is all full
what's up umberto stop anything up this
fold Eminem I guess seriously perfect my
good job good job
Thanks alright we got the table set
looks like there's place markers for
everybody
all right dun-da-da-da
all right ladies and gentlemen welcome
to the first annual awesome Oh letter
off here we go
versus son tard versus princess tard
it's who can get to 50 points first all
right
PT princess turn it's a turn all right
you guys ready you guys are doing versus
first one 250 points go what is he doing
what is going on in this picture oh it's
a father/son grandpa bonding moment
Prince char throws out of W and is wrong
you guys don't have to wait you can go
just as you as you want
nobody has to like wait for the other
person to go there's no turns you have
to guess what you think he's doing and
throw the letters out but you only have
a certain amount of misses nobody has
guessed a letter yet what is going on in
this picture sontar throws out a B it's
incorrect this is like a grandpa and a
son what is what is he doing what do you
say the one thing he's doing
bonding no what is the kid doing and you
guys are really not as good as this with
us are gonna be sundry throws out of D
oh we have a D in play and our and I son
tards gonna win an L 2 l's got it all
right son tar gets the first ten point
okay move your letters take your colors
put this chart you're gonna let him do
that to you next picture
up what is that I would have some of
that right now
Oh some tire gets an S in there and Oh
looking for the letters throw them out
what is it Oh son Oh brick the star gets
the B okay so son tard got six points
there and purchased her gut - we got to
turn the sound on sounds not on I like
when the sounds on you can hear it it's
like satisfying okay what's that it's uh
oh hey hey
Oh son targets six points princess card
gets to total twenty two to four what's
that
and there's different levels on this -
we can like turn it so I get harder one
leave your letter there once you put
your letter down just leave it there Oh
princess card has a letter just two
letters three letters son our usual
letter away this one oh I think I know
what it is oh yeah I know what it is so
we saw this picture yesterday and it's
actually different this time what is on
the bushes if you look on the bushes
what is on the bushes
surely not snow it's a different type of
snow what it when you wake up on a brisk
morning what's on the grass it's not
snow therefore light oh they should know
a brisk morning you wake up and the
grass tis white what is it called the
second letter is our ladies and
gentlemen at home who knows up Center
the gang goes oh it's not I thought it
was an F - what's it gonna be son tards
throw it out ladders up - keys what is
it
and nope you have one more miss Oh Oh
who's gonna get it
Oh princess I got it it was a creek all
right it is 20 X or 8 8
it's a creek dojo - Creek is yeah that's
a creek and caller said that's all great
III was guessing I didn't know I thought
it was frost did you guys think it was
frost at first - I thought it was frost
but it was Creek what do you call it
call it a Creek a Creek a stream or a
river all right
oh one more letter son forgets it ooh
that was a pretty close one pretty sure
got a lot of points on there oh nice
comeback 32 to 40 princess cards almost
coming back so it's hard
what is this next picture we see here
it's exciting
oh but try as one sub part has 100 s3o
pretty sure gets a seat in space okay
first one to 50 who's gonna get this one
first one to 50 Thunder thinks he knows
it no oh this is a tough one this could
be anything ever have us a green pasture
with terraced hills could be a farm
where is this located it's a four-letter
word Oh
an ro and a bar dude okay 48 before you
go go go go 38 to 42 it's a close one
Oh oh no leave your letter there dude
you have to leave your letter there Oh
princess card
six to 46 Sun tarde the grand champion
winner Oh awesome oh you're gonna play
again it's this fun it's not just for
kids like adults could play this too it
gets pretty competitive because
sometimes you don't know what the
picture is you don't know what it's
trying to say this can be duck it could
be water it could be bird
it looks like it's gonna be duck do you
blame please nope it's not duck maybe
it's tucked up yeah
plural there's more than one Cooper
throws out an S he could be right
where's your k so tired with the Ducks
good job not fun I find you frustrated
don't be so competitive
alright go to 50 again you just have a
round-robin tournament that was exciting
huh
alright oh my did you just clean the
kitchen listen I'm gonna reward you with
a backpack full of M&Ms for sure looks
good babe and it smells good too and
there's two little trees all right love
you guys see you tomorrow give me a kiss
mmm wha
and just like that it's the weekend
again a lot of cool exciting stuff
happening you guys new socks or online
brand new colors it is Father's Day in a
couple weeks here's a little trick maybe
you get your dad some shaycarl socks for
Father's Day and then whoop City Daisy
you have some shaycarl socks you can
wear when he's not wearing them that's
like getting your wife a bowling ball
with your name and signature on it and
signature that's not a word I can't
write a book if I can't say right words
oh right that's also another big thing
I'm writing a book and not just with any
publisher with Simon and Schuster if you
haven't read the New York Times article
that's just I mean it's not every day
that you can say that there is a press
release about a book that you're going
to do in the New York Times with Simon &
Schuster huge news so excited and I
appreciate all of your support if it
wasn't for you
thumbs up in videos watching videos
clicking on links when I asked you to
click on links I would not get
opportunities like this so I've said it
before and I will say it every day for
the rest of my life thank you guys for
your comments for your tweet
beats for being here and being a part of
our life we sincerely appreciate it and
we love you guys
alrighty we will see you on Lunas that's
Spanish for Monday Oh Oh also if you're
in the Los Angeles area this Saturday
the 24th we are having a why we believe
in Christ fireside we have talked many
times about our faith and our belief if
you want to come and hear about it in
person we will be having a fireside it's
kind of like a term where we just get
together and you know talk it's at our
local church I will leave a link below
for the evite if you're in the LA area
you're welcome to come
