hi I'm logging here excuse me you think
you get a popsicle at school well they
did after school every Wednesday well
you get popsicles
well yak divided our and I gave her at
the ioin so you gave both your sisters a
dollar so they could have a popsicle did
you get one
yes you have two wrong get three oh yeah
three dollars oh sorry
so I guess rock tower don't get one
laughs that's a little flashlight all
right dude let us know what happened in
the secret garden I was going to tell
you my bad anyways oh so you didn't even
go to the garden
you forgot the oh my gosh they came out
was my science project which I was gonna
tell you about that's the most important
thing okay let's hear about it I told
about it and I showed the video and I
was like really when they were all
laughing at thorns I'm gonna spray my
face so did you hook the iPad to the
projector how'd you do that well okay so
here's a smart board and there's like a
calmer Elmo and like you it's kind of
like a video camera
oh no so you just put something under it
and then
it sounds it and then kind of like goes
to the board so they could all see the
video did you actually do the project
outside for all the students yeah and
then after I did it we did some other
presentations and then like after recess
we had a rocket did it work well the
first time we did it and then the second
time it did why didn't it work the first
time well I don't know where we kept
throwing it no wouldn't go off yeah so
then we just opened it it sprayed it so
then the second one you did and it shot
yeah a like we shot it and there's like
a backstop and then like 50 like a
pretty long ways away the the rocket
went from here we'd do it yeah it was
like there all the kids freaked out
yeah did it hit anybody oh that's a
great story so do you know what you got
on your science project you know what
your grade is yet
now yeah you have to wait well that's
cool when do you do your presentation
princess card Wow
tomorrow the Avalanche is coming down
the mountain tomorrow for Prince's tards
project rock card when you gonna do a
project on Thursday I'm Batman Lego
science project all right guys exciting
12 more days of school that's less than
two weeks
alright so princess Todd just said
something and I'm like wait hold that
story I want to vlog it cuz whatever
you're about to say I feel like is
important okay so the thing that she
said to me is dad sometimes kids are
very grateful and I said yes you're
right I said what do you mean and she's
like well for instance Kate and I told
her to stop now tell the story so this
girl is she like this morning we were
like walking she had like her own phone
she has her own room like she's really
she should be grateful and this morning
she's like I hate my mom she picked
she packed me my stupid brothers
spider-man
like Schmucks so she was mad because she
put her life still be grateful how much
stuff you have
what did you say to her though when she
said that you said that to her you did
yeah what she said
fire me Amen sister latest that's good
he said you should be grateful that she
did that hurt her feelings and he said
that he got to be careful I mean you
don't wanna hurt somebody's feelings but
I think it's important cuz she because
she likes to like like she stands up for
like she every time someone says
something me to her choice has something
to say back well that's good too you
should stand up for yourself but you
should be grateful you there this is
going south you should be grateful and
you should stand up for yourself if
somebody says something mean to you you
should stand up for yourself but you
should always be grateful and never ever
say you hate your mom you hate your mom
know what think you'll ever say I hate
you mom you know you know that's the
rite of passage for all teenage girls
eventually one day they say I hate you
mom I know how this movie is girl was
like 11 and she said that have you ever
said that to your mom tell me the truth
any of you have you ever said to your
mom or dad I hate you have you be honest
did you mean it turn the cards put in
the comments below
that's all wait we can find out what is
it a popsicle joke what is a snake's
favorite subject
history get it like it
snake living life figuring it out one
day at a time by Jove alright we're
gonna go get a juice because I am
juicing today I don't have a clean belly
alright a little bite before are you
ready are you ready hi your eyes are so
fatty alright guys I am going to rap are
you excited about that oh uh yeah I'm
going to do a rap for the moms view and
it's gonna be really cute and silly and
fun and like radical and like what's
what's a dope sick I guess those are
cool words nowadays
I've never rapped before so this should
be really fun yo yo what's up MA
what's up MA give me out of the Sun now
Kay yo yo give me some milk yo yo yo yo
check it out and like totes in the
studio with my rap crew hit it yeah yeah
oh the first time I've ever wrapped and
I am just super excited and my face is
turning right already I can doll oh no I
was in the car and I was doing it like
all serious and I was like I stop for a
minute and realized what I was doing and
just started cracking up because you
know when you're rapping you just gotta
be cool you sound like a rapper here we
go hey Rob Hart count to three and then
sing just like you're singing go ahead
107 knives help
this happy again the choice was to come
did this lovely old manor and see for my
girls
for the last be purple ah
oh please welcome this way
I'd be happy of nah good job excellent
song hey shag daddy
hey sing it again 105 oh why is a daddy
cooked okay here we go rock tart is
gonna do his solo you ready dude
yeah 1 2 3 Finnegan a champ
you're gonna count okay here we go
ladies and gentlemen the rock tardes
solo you've all been waiting for
laughs I have a plan I have a poop is a
heavy to get at least this time it is
happening how about a sand dunes
constant to the Back Bay from buff I
thought oh god pants for me
boarding dad
I will pay
yeah
good job alright so today is very busy
we are shooting a music video here at
maker studios Colette is rapping on this
music video you will see coming out soon
and then I had a meeting over at roadie
arcade to talk about brand new socks and
some new stuff that we're gonna be
working on
hi baby tard that's funny
hi it's crazy that my kids but you got a
candy cane they're just like we're going
to maker studios Hey most exciting thing
about today I am gonna be an author soon
I'm gonna have a book baby I'm not
supposed to announce it yet and I'm
waiting for the press release to come
out but right now both you guys you had
a candy cane to Curt give you that candy
cane card I told you I ought to give her
a candy cane card just playing hula hoop
I'm fun but I don't know I don't know
okay guys now it's Shea's turn not have
a uterus yeah Shea pretty sure check
that we know of
I am vlogging uterus burgeroo's baby all
my uterus birds oh it's actually not
that burns but if you want more
information turn into the moms view why
isn't less raw fruit sona did you get
the power of attorney sent over all
right let's go to it today just try to
go for it hey come here dude come here
real quick you want to hear something
okay here put these on put these on put
them on
you want to do a baby rap okay ready
kill it kick come here okay see this
microphone okay sing into it oh saying
everything is awesome I did this as
having boy you're part of the team
adding the sauce on yeah good job that
cool you can hear yourself that's sweet
yeah I love you okay good job
oh hi Engine seeing you guys here what
are you doing I'm just shopping oh
really
well you know I come here often what's
up
okay people are over there looking at me
talking to a shelf
I'm just feeling goofy do you guys know
why because I'm shopping and I'm by
myself and that doesn't happen very
often anymore now that I have five kids
instead of four and of course one that's
very attached to me needless to say but
anyways I'm excited I'm shopping by
myself
hi funny guys join me Shay just cut this
all out this is not even usable footage
seriously you can't what after all that
shopping what did I get do you ask milk
I'm soup boring but at least I got out
huh sometimes just nice to get a
breather that's all I can say ah
let's all take a deep breath in are you
ready oh we don't have any kids at this
right now and it's really quiet in this
car and I really like it gets dark and
relaxing oh really oh yeah milk does a
body good this is not a milk commercial
it's almond milk come on guys alright
let's go home this one we dominated you
on that one we are playing this new game
called offs mo and it is awesome Jo okay
check this out this is actually really
let me
Hey Dude it's gonna be winds W dude I'm
gonna beat you you know why because you
don't know how to read you're cheating
you cancer all the letters down at once
where I am eliminated he may win what no
look you got negative six
I got plus fifteen that's not good for
you you know I don't win no you guys can
take your letters okay so here's the way
that it works let's see in all our
letters okay here's how it works
sure wait wait let me explain how you
play okay so you have an iPad there's a
little mirror here and so basically you
can throw letters right here on the
table
this mirror sees like this like I don't
know what the radius is but it's pretty
big so a picture pops up we're on two
teams the blue team versus the red team
you can see I'm winning by 15 points to
zero so a picture pops up you have to
fill in the blanks kind of like hangman
so I think this one is either river or
snow so I'm just going to throw an eye i
just chuck an eye out there and the
second letter is i and if you miss it
like rock stars just throwing out any
type of letter it goes up there you got
one got the V but look look you'll have
one more to miss or else you lose daddy
but you can't really just throw letters
out you can but you have to be right
okay so I'm throwing are out keep adding
hear hear that noise that means I got
one and I'm gonna throw an eye out I
don't know I need an e well should I eat
no so it's kind of a racist so you can
find the e there's me look
hear those applause those are for me
it's 31 to 4 bro and then look it tells
you how you like move your car move your
cars really ok what do you think it is
everybody guess no we can't put all your
letters in that is cheating at your over
but look you know he has a lot of the
letter what do you think this one is bus
ok can you find a B that's an M let
Daddy go this one B you where's my s
where's my SS so you now watch I throw
my three letters out I get points so now
it is 36 to 0 oh my gosh look at our
akhtar you can't do that that's cheating
whoa yeah you missed that one that was
easy
it was fun so when the other kids are
awake we'll have them play this and they
love it it is so so competitive between
a BIA and Gavin he actually complained
this one here rock hard this one's
better for your age he builds a thing
you want do this one this one's really
cool this one you have to put things
together I'll show you guys want to play
that one yeah I'm trying this one to
learn you playing with me
alright I'll play with you because I
love you alright you ready to play this
one okay so this one's called tangram so
I hit that basically here's the setup
there's a base that you just set your
iPad in and then this top piece is like
a mirror if you look you can kind of see
the mirror want oh wait I see I see your
finger wait oh I see your forehead
peekaboo alright so this goes on the top
and then there's a little guide right
here so it says got it got it okay oh
we're gonna pay for this okay put a
piece in there look you need a look you
need a blue piece see that blue piece
put in there just like that good and the
red one
good oh can I just leave it there let go
no move your hands
all right you ready okay so you're gonna
build one of these let's see here let's
see if you can build this one okay so
you have to put these pieces exactly
like those pieces on the screen let's
see if you can do it okay so you have to
turn your pieces exactly like those
pieces so just start with the blue one
look at the blue piece how is the blue
piece on the screen did you get it is
that how it is yeah okay here's the red
piece
how's the red piece on the screen oh you
got him now line them up good
just like that just straight it out of
it okay now do now pick this blue piece
see that little blue piece grab that one
and do it just like it is on the screen
dude you doing press okay get the yellow
piece he's like yeah I'm awesome
in out of the yellow piece that piece
right there yeah just like it on the
screen dude good job
depressive okay now do the purple piece
see the purple piece okay do it just
like it is on there nice
okay green piece green piece save the
whales
I get it get it green fee okay next one
good okay now the orange piece and
you're done put the orange piece down
now put it all together
dude I've impressed
yeah five that awesome okay do the next
one pick the next one
so now you've done that one you pass
that level oh I push it again my back
he's like I already got that one
okay now you pick your next one which
one do you want to build now I do that
one yeah okay now you built that one
good boy I'm impressed little
three-year-old building puzzles that's
good I think just so they like
recognition look at that okay yeah now
take these away and do it one at a time
just pick the blue one then the red one
and build like you did the last one good
boy I'm proud of you he loves it
check these out you guys it's called
awesome oh dude here's one thing that I
love about these honey watch you'll
appreciate this there's like magnets in
here so like look they come in a box and
they're magnetized together little
magnets right here so you can't little
lausanne who's thinking who has kids and
then when you want to open them there's
like it just opens like a DVD player but
there's magnets on here and in here so
it's like click a magnet perfect just
like mathlete
there's math let's a minute there's
maggots on Athiya these are awesome and
check this out awesome oh you can
download it I'll put a link below and
then here let's show them the drawing
one you watch on the drawing game I
think this one's my favorite it's called
Newton okay so check this out so you put
a piece of paper watch this dude you
throw a piece of paper down now the goal
of this is see those balls that are
dropping you need to hit those make
those balls hit the target hit the
bull's eye so what you do is you come up
here see how it recognizes my pin watch
the paper down here babe so I'm going to
draw a line that will make the ball hit
the target okay check this out
oh oh oh it's missing it see I need to
do another one up here so I'm gonna do
another one right here can you raise it
Oh boom oh look look there's a hole now
it's bouncing too high I need to make a
funnel okay watch this I'm gonna come
down like that now you can't escape it
oh but I'm still bouncing over the top
so I'm gonna go up so I got enough
points once you get enough point you go
over the next round so now there's two
of them so look my first dry and set up
just right look it can like see your
hand I click on my hand right yeah
there's all Madrasi
okay ready here it goes so I have to get
them to hit that one down there but I
have to also get some to hit the second
one so I think once I get that one then
I'm going to come up here I'm gonna draw
a funnel like this now let Boehm hey you
go boom boom I dialed it now basically
you draw something on your paper to get
those balls to hit and then there's all
different kinds of levels oh no I'm
sorry
how am I gonna do this so basically it's
like you hit that one and then here's
the other cool thing you can take the
paper away look it's getting the wood
grain in the table Wow like sees the
wood grain in the table check that out
I wonder if it can see my face well good
thanks my face blue eye teeth yeah I
would Rita balls
oh look at my eyes you see my eye I like
what I yeah I should see your eyes I
like my teeth ah I'm gonna eat them all
ha ha ha so basically crazy I mean the
point is you can have the paper there
but check this out too also you don't
even need to draw you could like use
these blocks let's see oh look its
bouncing too hard
not too far oh that's not going to work
so you have to like design a way that
those balls will bounce onto the target
it's really cool do you like these games
this is what I love about these games is
it's not just one person staring at a
screen you can like interact physically
more than one person can play a lot of
you know a game on the iPad and it's not
like the one I see your hand you got a
beautiful hand the older kids are asleep
rock turns staying up late tonight but
wait till we get the two thanks we get
princess tarde and sunt are battling it
on the word game they go crazy that's
good all right check out I'll put a link
below see you guys tomorrow all right
you guys I am so excited I am ready to
book yep it's official the news is out
the press release has been published I
am writing a book with Simon & Schuster
probably one of the biggest publishers
in the world there is an article in The
New York Times
I have tweeted and retweeted about 16
articles about it so if you want to
check them out go look at my Twitter and
if you don't follow me on Twitter then
by golly go and hit that follow button
there will be more information coming
out as we work on the book I'm going to
have a conference call on Tuesday of
next week to flush out the concept I
already have an amazing idea I think
it's going to be really interactive that
you guys will be able to participate in
so stay tuned for that
links below if you want to learn more
about it and about the deal and then you
go check out the New York Times article
okay let me guys check out yesterday's
vlog click on the mystery button and see
what the traders wonder one two three
four and five years ago also keep your
eyes peeled on Rodeo arcade because
there might be some new sock designs
wink-wink nudge-nudge love you see you
tomorrow
