what's that I was
hello good morning you guys know what
today is no you bet you've been around
the longest you're the smartest why done
the first day of the rest of your life
aka Tuesday AeroGarden school so in this
book that's father to daughter to break
lesson that I got from the book fair and
it's a isn't it in one of them says it
is to touch me no no sir instant no this
insist she not wear makeup until she's
in middle school that's actually gonna
be high school for you okay bro
sorry display her are work in your
office white should also get set go out
of the refrigerator it's a really cool
book it's like a bunch of little blurbs
about how fathers and daughters should
interact high school no makeup to high
school pinky swear on it but I can do it
from flames sometimes you do it for
playdates but you can't wear it to
school until high school okay
high school say I promise I promise
proof okay so you remember this Avia
have a good school guys love you bye
my baby's going to get their knowledge
knowledge experience love you guys see
you later okay they're gone I can shut
my mouth so I just told the kids they
have 13 days of school left I don't
think they realized how close they would
have been done and they're just both
were like are all three of them how many
kids do I have three three of them
they're like 130 days I remember being a
kid when it was summertime and you were
out of school for the summer was the
greatest feeling in the world
I just meant plane and sleeping in I
loved it and in the morning I'm making
waffles no we're having juice look at
that
that's pretty huh grapefruit juice fresh
greens carrot juice orange juice that's
from ami Turkish she has a thick thick
it's raw organic you guys and then this
Oh have you ever guys ever heard of this
it's really good I'm not sure if you
guys have tried this I would totally
recommend it oh my goodness
dude I didn't think that there was a few
giant snakes in my car Oh what are you
do with those pythons bro case are you
ready to go get swole jerd you gonna get
swole jerd up I'm already swole turd up
and I'm just about means about living a
healthy lifestyle so the puzzles
lifestyle changes guys no not no bad
diets about lifestyle changes yeah he's
working on his cut what all right how is
school my Familia
oh yeah you're doing your project right
tell them what your project is on so
we're gonna do a snow avalanches and so
explain how it snow avalanches created
surprise
it says fake snow hardware paper glue
scissors images of snow avalanches
poster board annotate and low edges when
a thin layer of ice is on a mountain and
a lot of different snowflakes fall on
the thin layer of ice then the thin
layer can't hold all the snow so it
falls and creates an average for example
if a chiller is holding a lot of
cheerleaders and she can't hold all of
them at once they all fall right on that
is the same thing as an average well
your aunt Carla see me so proud that you
use a cheerleader example for your a
balloon how was your day good
I found this in my dorm watch school you
don't have like that's underneath me
it's alright dude again this is your
secret crush oh thank you a lot
meet me in the gardens now I have
something for you love your crash are
you serious yeah secret notes and
messages from a admirer who do you think
it is so wait wait there's was a meet
them in the garden yeah yeah there's
like a spy a secret meeting place are
you gonna hide out and like peek in the
garden and see who it is no are you just
gonna meet him there no touch black hole
around she just walk over there and see
what if you don't like them what are you
gonna do done
I don't know Abby
your obvious the same Abbi yeah well
here's what I think you should do you
should meet them at the garden just to
see who it is and be courteous but if
you don't like them you don't have to
pretend like you like them ok ok you be
picky because you are worth so much
there are so many girls that will just
love you and you have to be very picky
ok ok I'll only only date you if my mom
likes you good luck ladies ha ha ha ha
focusing how does this think it's not
focused but what there you go then
you're getting crazy in the kitchen what
don't try to water fight with Shay guys
we get really super competitive and then
you have it all wet enough Oh or not
that's a nice oh you're right it isn't
guess what this is
we don't have time you cool if we don't
do that Pinewood Derby this year bro why
just cuz that are so long I've seen a
lot of work and effort do your crimes is
the one who did 52 miles so you're
saying I'm not lazy well you're saying
I'm saying well I'm not sure what a
chicks play I'm saying if you could do
maybe Ron will help you with a Heimlich
Derby if you can do 52 miles you can
make a pinewood car do can wrong be your
new dad look he's a nice guy he has a
denim coat that's trustworthy with your
Pinewood Derby but listen you're gonna
do a majority of it because I get pissed
off when I go to these things and you
can totally tell the dad did 98% of it
he let the kid put the stickers on it at
the very end these are for the kids and
help you cut it yeah but this year I'm
serious I will watch you but I want this
is your third year doing a Pinewood
Derby so I want you to do like I want
you to do 98% and I'll do the other 2%
okay yeah I hope you cut it but I will
let you cut it I'll just supervise you
go with that
all right next child what's the next
project oh right we have a science
project here about snow avalanches man
that spray paint smells good
oh is that gonna be like the avalanches
and to come down on the house vicious
we're gonna like kind of put a bunch on
it and then we're gonna like um put some
stones on top of it so then it'll all
fall down and crash that oh oh that's
vicious so I'm gonna put little people
in the house so they can get squished so
they're building an actual avalanche
scene they're doing I don't know why why
did you guys pick to do avalanches
this is princess tards friend Katy Perry
nice hair bro I like them oh I wish my
mom was a stylist mom why can't you been
a stylist yeah it looks good you guys
I'm excited to see your actual Avalanche
snow avalanche dude
son tard I've seen a lot more
information on this science project that
I'm seeing on yours bro
oh is it well I guess explosions are
pretty cool such a good example all
right quit fighting I'll shoot diet coke
and mentos on you guys who has the best
science project you Pig
me Ron are you stressed no rocky just a
lot cities like this is too much it's
too many projects fragile you get on
this project
alright we're actually going to buy
Ronald a new bicycle
cuz we're doing 100-mile races July
check it out
nice car my man that's sweet is that a
Model T that was a Ford Model T man -
those were the first cars ever made
right that was a little much later model
yeah but still Henry Ford built that
think about that that was in the
assembly line of Harry Ford industries
goodness gracious that's history I told
them cool car I don't think he thought
that was cool that I told him cool car
yeah I was like don't talk to me he's
like don't look at me I have a cool car
I knew Henry Ford he was such a car
hipster you're a glove hipster Bruce and
listen man my bicycling I'm gonna give
as much spandex as possible I asked Ron
I said when are we gonna make the leap
to full span though because then we're
those we go to full span dough but then
we're gonna be way cooler than you guys
just saying now I feel like we just did
big our feeder breeze soon you're gonna
be full span del bro so Rodney the 63
inch frame cuz he's a freakin Jolly
Green Giant and none of these bike
stores the biggest one they have was
like a 58 we did find a 61 inch frame
that fit him but he didn't think it was
a cool bike shake off and send me your
bikes
who has a 63 inch trek cool bike they
could send to run today's bike any of
you cyclists anybody at anybody out
there do cycling what's the best bike I
have a trek he has a Bianchi all right
Bianchi what do you ride if you're a
cyclist let us know in the comments
below thanks all right rock cart has a
song you would like to sing let's hear
it that's a great song everything is
cool when you're part of the team and ID
or I'm going to Scouts right now
Alucard suppose the colors if you're nu
of the United States of America and to
the Republic for which it stands one
nation under God indivisible with
liberty and justice for all
to please try to move off the back it
comes job follows a Kayla the Cub Scout
helps the pack of the pack helps it
comes out throw the cuffs out gives
goodwill I can promise to do my best to
do my duty to God and my country to help
other people and to obey the law of the
pack okay so I just got the note from a
son tard secret admirer what did mom say
about this she's like dear Gavin this is
your secret crush I really like you a
lot
meet me in the garden tomorrow I have
something for you what does she have for
you and what time what time what time is
he supposed to meet her this note is
insufficient information for you to
rendezvous in the garden tomorrow plus
they spelled tomorrow wrong there's two
R's in tomorrow's secret crush we're
gonna do we're gonna go to the garden
all day later can I go to the garden
Gavin white you've been in the garden
all day long
are you gonna go to the garden well
there's only one way to find out who is
what if they have like a kiss for you
are you gonna kiss her what I need that
I need to know you need to make the
decision now
listen here's a life lesson for you you
make decisions of what you're gonna do
with your life right now that way you
will know what you're gonna do when that
that time comes up if you have to make
those decisions now because the second
you're in that peer pressure situation
you're gonna do something that you never
intended to do you're gonna feel
pressured into doing something that you
did not want to do so for instance if
you you want to set a goal not to drink
you have to set a goal right now saying
I am never gonna drink I'm not gonna
drink I'm not gonna smoke that way when
you're in that situation you've already
made the decision so it's easy just like
no no thank you but if you haven't made
that decision you're gonna be in that
peer pressure moment come on dude
everybody's smoking these cigarettes
everybody wants brown lungs and that's
what I wanted to hear so you got to make
that decision now so back to the
question are you gonna kiss your secret
crush in the garden tomorrow she doesn't
wanna kiss me what she does then you're
gonna say yes are you just level with us
bro like an exception so how many girls
are there that you would make an
exception for have you ever kissed a
girl on the lips yeah it was a trick
question better than a cop so how many
girls are there that you would kiss if
they were there at the garden tomorrow
one yeah who is it what's her name what
do you mean they're joking
I'm gonna edit the name out that way
they won't this girl thinks you're so if
you all edit out the name so nobody'll
know who it is okay a lot of people
watch our videos
am I talking okay it's time for bed
click on what is that the new epic rap
battle of history with epiclloyd and
raywilliamjohnson yeah they say naughty
words they're not for kids to watch I
know it looks cool but you can't watch
that good job after your epic Rap
Battles of History my three year old you
can't watch it I'm sorry this has
naughty words in it you're not ready
you're not ready for that kind of
language all right go get your Legos
okay good night everybody
hey you got to give us an update oh
right I want to I want an update for The
Secret Garden tomorrow okay okay I'm
actually gonna be hiding outside of your
school filming The Secret Garden so
here's a question in the comments below
how old were you when you had your first
kiss and if you haven't had your first
kiss
don't let anybody pressure you into
having your first kiss or doing anything
you don't want to do for that matter my
first kiss was Jenny Kirkham I was in
seventh grade and she was in ninth grade
an older woman she was my next-door
neighbor yeah those good times he knows
then she definitely forced me into it no
just kidding hey check out this end
slate isn't it good an art student did
that for us the whole family even the
chicks there's a zekiel in the
background and I think we're in a
watermelon patch and that's what makes
it the best love you guys thanks for
watching click on yesterday's vlog click
on that mystery button and see what the
cherubs are doing 1 2 3 4 and 5 years
ago today see you tomorrow
