I did I actually just told your cricket
a cool cool
Taylor stepped out of cash Taylor Swift
is a bad influence on children
when last
so grab
are you
I just heard the bikers come home let's
go see ya hey I'm tan did you die yes is
this heaven Oh No how far did you guys
go
I think I'm Michael eyes it's like
paralyzed I think I'm 53 my legs don't
connect him up every single time I don't
and it's not even money and he loved it
I mean you're hilarious that's what I
meant to say oh no bounce
oh wow wow wow do you like your sister
he's funny huh yeah look at this
Oh what it's a foot it's amazing no
change of your foot ticket gonna happen
after today and so oh baby card I love
you guys you're mine darling what are
you doing
baby what are all these boxes out for
well decided it was time to get rid of
all your chapstick
yes actually because that's probably how
many that you could fit in all these
boxes is this your chapstick question
that is that all of it have you gotten
rid of some dude we can cure every
chapped lips in the world if you're like
the Scrooge McDuck of chapstick you dive
in your chapstick and swim around
let
oh look at devil I'm sorry daddy was
loud deirdr with the chat I'm sorry I
was just trying to be aggressively funny
without the the sense house saw that
he's like why did you do that
um if you guys haven't heard Peter
Hollens lame is where the fudge muckers
have you been pardon my language
he just did a fan of the upper one and
many of you know I'm a huge fan of the
opera fan I never had seen this one at
the end of the Phantom one he talks
about the lame is what he did with his
wife and I'm like what you did a lame is
one let me watch it with my eyeballs my
earlobes you so much watch the vision X
is wife not cool did you like that and
since I want maybe tard to be a majorly
talented Broadway singer I figured I'm
gonna sit her in front of this computer
and replay this video at least a hundred
and eighty thousand times okay that's
how you're a good parent know what don't
watch it again no you didn't like it
dude you will be grounded for three
weeks if you didn't like that be honest
did you not like it you know what here's
the thing you haven't heard enough let's
refresh and hear it one more time then I
think you'll have a little appreciation
for the amazing nuts all backed to open
up on a silhouetted blonde was just cut
her hair to shoulder length Peter
Hollens makes all the music with his
mouth
pretending he's beside me on my own and
I don't know the worst no I hate it over
the words God makes me mad without him
few songs around me when I wave my eyes
and he has found me anyways um to talk
about hey why are you what are you
what's the boxes for are we talking
about that yet I don't know I don't know
are we talking about that why miss my
favorite part she talks about
oh that's I really like that part can I
hear this point real quick name tour
don't mind me this part listen right
here Holly this part Chuck smell in the
rain the pavement shines like silver
yeah like that mark peep I do and like
it a misty in the river
oh yeah there's more boxes I know we
talked about it right now I was asking
my daughter oh there's one more thing on
my fork
but you see by not talking about it and
saying you're not talking about it we're
talking about it we don't we did say
we're talking about huh I don't know I'm
blinding my retinas okay we gotta go to
Costco we have some shopping to do here
we go
this came in the mail today I'm not sure
what that is open it up I have no idea
what it is I don't know why or who sent
it to us what is that what is that this
is a gift card where's the safe ah
you're just totally fabulous yes you are
the same you know this slips send you
this gift card 25 fabulous dollar gift
card yeah
who said this this is saying no right I
don't know who sent it because it's not
saying happy birthday to my favorite
princess well I think it is actually I
think it's from Grandma because she said
there was another present coming for you
what do you say to her thank you look I
got your own debit card you want to go
to the mall thanks a lot mom now she's
psychotic
alright I got a bunch little babies in
the cart I got lunch of beetle babies in
the park let's see I was already telling
rockhard that fart jokes aren't funny
and then I just
your birthday all right we're at Costco
because we have to buy 16 pounds of
gummy bears
that's a nice yeah that's every oh I
like it
babe what are we getting what's the
purpose of this trip food we like food
lots of it and what jewelry jewelry my
root beer yeah baby turd what do you
want in the cold thing son tired what do
you want you want to get out of the cart
so we pulled up and I said rock hard get
in the car and I said Lucas I want you
in the cart - then son - I thought he
was funny I was Oh sucks for you Lucas
so then I said c'mere Gavin you get in
the car - big boy and now he's
embarrassed and then he was like huh man
I should have made fun of my little
sister do you look up your girlfriend
there's a group Oh got you right we pull
up if I see anybody I know I'm gonna be
so embarrassed guess that's what you get
for making fun of other people it smells
like major doughnuts in here like you
know like you here to get like a fresh
glazed doughnut like a giant like gooey
fresh place doughnut and sniff it smells
just like that right in here oh you
smell that look at all those pastries
and carbs and the cake congratulations
graduate do my big donut my big chewy
donut you call me fat No so we're having
one reason why over here is a lot of
people are coming to our house
my grandma grandpa in our hands well
Charlie's coming grandma's coming
grandma Lynette's coming grandma great
come on that's a grandma green a lot of
people hey aunt
Candace which is my mom's with kind of
coming to maybe do it is gonna be a
party this Memorial Day weekend plus the
reason they're coming down is because
that fireside I'm doing so all the
grandmas wroclaw cards are hey what in
Kelly's really good say I want to be
like Herman i girl okay she's awesome
okay Oh daddy I'm go to cool good so is
it freezing all right let's phone the
whole work hard
yeah we might need it we have a baby
card chips and cheese at school look
cold it's freezing huh daddy am I gonna
get head to certain yet yep you're
probably will lose three toes while
we're in the vegetable section okay
thanks your breath I can't see it on the
camera yes yet you have to get dragon
breath yes yeah
is this real alligator tricky oh it's
for dogs I was like I have alligator
jerky soft Julie snacks owner Zeki would
like alligator jerky pass bro huh oh
yeah nice catch here up car hold up he
got it on on a house hey you have a
disease hook to the front it's a giant
growth if the giant growth attached to
the front of you oh I thought he was
gone some ml like lot of you gonna stay
by my belly for the rest of his life
what are you staring at looks staring at
me bro - your boobs - totally your mom
boob weirdo
all right bro skater died oh nice you
have to hit the transition what is it
better to do it - no - it's kind of like
as personal Oh two fingers like two feet
maybe has three legs
oh he ate it that's a pretty sweet
halfpipe try to do try to kickflip it up
here and then land on the transition
don't land down here that would be an
impressive almost here's the rule of any
kickflip boards or any what is called
tech decks here's the rule of any tech
decks no matter what happens however you
land it you just pretend that you landed
it like that okay so any tricks you do
you land yeah went dark side on that one
dark side to land on the transition you
can't slap at five oh that was good that
was good the one before you went like
this like landed it landed it eggs eggs
eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs
pineapple
crew ninja catch Oh nah he's impressive
my friends want it alright find out for
the princess maybe tired I love you my
favorite hurts mango pineapple and
strawberry my a Kiwi thank you
mine is mango watermelon and mmm that
sounds delicious
you guys know mine watermelon I was
thinking the other day I want to be
sponsored by watermelon in watermelon
sponsor me are there watermelon farmers
out there who are willing to sponsor
shaycarl
can we have our own shaycarl like
watermelon brand put like an S sticker
on it shake our watermelon what do you
think about that blue eyes o watermelon
in the shape of an S seedless of course
alright ladies and gentlemen this is a
monster job literally it's a monster job
it you know cuz it's like big and
there's like a energy drink called
monster you get okay I do
that's it he did that's actually true he
said dad check it out it's a monster job
I said oh I'm gonna film that and then I
stole his joke I'm sorry I did I
actually just told your good cricket
Danko Oh Taylor stepped out of cash
Taylor Swift is a bad influence on
children ladies and gentlemen they now
have 80 inch televisions that is insane
to me
I'm Berwyn a 40 inch was considered a
big-screen TV 80 inches of cinema and
pleasure it's like a wall of television
pretty single all day and remember
always have 80th yeah I want the new 120
inch TV I was looking at this today oh
my gosh you guys it's a big moment look
son tart has this first zit you what
you're doing it puberty are you getting
hair under your armpits yeah no look at
my school has like a huge ball they're
these
most great Oh kitten your great house
heron hunters armpits dude listen I
didn't get here under my armpits I was
like in eighth grade so don't feel bad I
was a late bloomer I still don't even
have pubic hair all right it's
dinnertime
we just bought two hundred dollars of
groceries then we went out to dinner and
bought takeout because we are tired and
did not want to make any I see how's he
gonna be a good tweet that moment when
you spend $200 on groceries then you go
out to eat all right
it's usually by the time we get done
grocery shop and we're so hungry and
tired were like okay we're gonna go out
to eat anyways we're watching The Voice
and we're voting for Christina Grimmie
because she's a fellow youtuber Goyo
fellow youtubers you guys didn't vote
for Christina Chris Chris Chris
christina grimmie then who are you
son tired I'm brush teeth go to bed
happy oh I did it again I did that thing
where I tell you to do something when
you're already doing it
look Maya Rudolph has a show I'm excited
to see it do you guys know Christina
Grimmie do you did you vote did you
watch The Voice she's actually signed
with maker studios so that's my room she
is really good she just did
Elvis's song wise man say is that what
she did
what's the song can't help falling in
love I can't fall in love with you
that's why metal noise
Oh
Oh
those good buddy delicious
you need that whole thing you think
you're gonna eat the whole thing yeah
heavy that is a lot of delicious looking
grapes Wow looks really good actually I
think I want one of those you guys want
one
yeah man here rock hard you have a
bigger all right sorry to get my lame
small grape out dude how dare I suggest
such a tiny morsel of greatness yeah bud
day thanks for watching the Shaytards
vlogs who's excited for summer this is a
bright beautiful sunshiny end slate
that's why I picked it today I really
like it I cannot wait to go waterskiing
to go camping wakeboarding biking I'm so
pumped for the summer the kids only have
like 13 14 more days of school that it's
summer as always we appreciate you
watching our vlogs this is the Shaytards
ents light you can click right on the
screen if you want to watch yesterday's
video right there on the previously hot
wife button if you want to feel lucky
then click on that we used to be skinny
guy I'm losing it you guys I went for a
fifty three mile bike ride yesterday
click on that that's what it is it's
that dang it I gave away the mystery the
Philly lucky button is me wrong on a 53
mile bike ride and if you can believe it
we've been making these videos every
single day for the last five years click
on your favorite kit and then I'm gonna
go look at the Google Analytics and see
which one you love most
okay then I'll tell them then the others
will feel less about themselves
that's not funny if you laugh you're a
mean person alright we love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye
