Oh
and
with
up through left
someone's taking a baby to school I
don't think you're allowed to have
babies at school oh yeah you are he goes
come on little man
tell em why we're at school today we're
going to the book fair today we're gonna
get some books cuz we have to read a ha
ha ok dude which one are you find you
found a spider math scores it's your
first choice yeah and then we got a
bunch of other books sometimes picked up
this minecraft essential ham good
somebody likes minecraft actually that's
for me I'm going to tell you guys it for
you - ok you can throw my bag - ok you
mr. touchy pants you better tell enough
you don't want to eat your mac and
cheese you talk noisy are you gonna fall
in laundry for me yeah we sure honest no
no no no no no no you don't hit see he's
not a medieval dragon he's your dog in
you need to love him no dragon he's our
trusty steed good some more stuff no
it's more stuff yeah yeah yourself
uh-huh
maybe eating is so appetizing isn't it
snapper slobber drool drool spit slobber
drool yay whoa rock Targhee see that
what is it
oh one of us either firemen or wishing
to fire my mommy - say hello say hello
fireman he said hello hello hi shake his
hand thank you say thank you for helping
our city
this isn't thank you okay rock card we
need an onion for dinner tonight can you
put white you're dropping from before
okay put one on you in the bag we're
making sloppy joes pick a good one oh
that one looks kind of wrinkly let's get
it differently pick that one right there
wow it looks good yeah pick that one
okay put it in the bag good job thank
you we're gonna make sloppy joes with
that tonight excited yeah Roach arts
excited we just need one but let's get
two in case we want to make something
else with an onion this week she laughs
she wants a big one he wants to make
mommy cry a lot because that's what
onions do to mommy oh my goodness adds
the biggest onion I've ever seen Hulk
Hulk smash Adam let's go make some
jewels okay
we are doing a test run of the boys
science project centered on his friend
they're doing a project where they have
diet coke and mentos and there it's not
working this one's going to do it this
I'm going to go watch out oh all right
I'm going inside just in case I get
sprayed psycho this is the test run and
then they're gonna film the next one how
many Mentos did you put in it how many
Mentos did you oh gosh
we might have to go to the store and buy
some more Diet Coke they've been
watching YouTube videos ever since they
got home of other people that have done
it and it was successful I wonder how
many times they had to film before
theirs what successful okay maybe we
need to try a new technique oh I think
you're got you're out of a diet coke
already you know don't drink it okay no
no no no all right we might be going to
the store to buy more Diet Coke
I'm Gavin I'm Alex and today we're gonna
be doing a science project
to see why soda cycle
Mentos
why do they explode and we're going to
be using Geico of course mentors of
course and take and what we're going to
do is tape we tape six of them onto
there and then we put it in our and
tapes tape to the side and then we close
it and we're going to close it
throw it down with this facing down and
see if we explode to see what happens
check out this suppose to see how it
works check out this awesome poster
behind me
we're going to be doing the science
project using diet coke and mentos and
see why they explode and to see and to
see why they explode check out this
really good closer behind me nope try
again what you said to see why this
explodes twice hold on I got a direct
fist okay that was a fail but that was
Lily okay okay I missed it I missed it
who did it
and Gavin dropped the Mentos in and then
it sprayed them up in the face it was so
funny
so funny okay we're gonna try that again
okay hi my name is Gavin and today we're
going to be doing a science project
using diet coke and mentos and we're
gonna put cut that wait okay we start
over okay ready
hold on no okay start out okay I'm ready
Garen No hi my name's Gavin my name is
Alex and today we're gonna reduce our
rolling I'm not a science project using
mentos and coke and to check out to see
why it explodes look at this awesome
poster behind me now we will be doing
the experiment okay
sorry dad
so far none of those worked so this one
it will be it will the one that next
time I think it's gonna work let's try
it remember jamming hangout and today
we're going to be doing a science
project using diet coke and mentos and
if you want it higher names Alex it's
Gavin okay okay alright dude you see the
finished product
yeah why does coca-cola explode a whole
that's cute somehow uh so nerd is huge
and there's Alex hi guys
was that a self-portrait yeah well fair
use way more detail you each through
yourselves oh yes yeah way more detail
love it and then they got some pictures
here and this says why it explodes
because there are tiny craters in the
Mentos and when that drops into the coke
makes bubbles out of carbon dioxide and
there is much force and you take X plus
and it's called a nucleation reaction oh
you didn't put a period oh I don't know
you might want to make this little
little bit more not
sloppy but that's fine it's a guy thing
not that I'm calling guys sloppy come on
guys good job little job high five you
guys did awesome hopefully their teacher
will think so too
here I am at the camp in sight dad have
you ever vlog
you have never blogged grab this camera
unless it's have you ever done it
no oh just bopping down the road one day
these guys you know they were like
messing with me a psychic come out stuck
I know the cameras pointing out even it
just stopped at this elevation and I
just walked around just automatic look
into the camera dad you're the one
camera I don't have a family talking
about it's all natural
I have no one ever wants to resume lives
in this book on page two everybody read
it yeah she is not in that book she's
right there okay how can you be in a
book come on
I taught Matt Damon how to vlog and my
dad that's good
I'm sorry dad I taught Matt Damon before
I taught you how to vlog Carly's here my
Aunt Lisa's here this is Lori's sister
this is Laurie and Lisa's mom these are
two women you don't want a frickin mess
with do not freaking especially when I
start laughing oh do you know what we
need to get you Kaylie Lisa and Grandpa
you gene all cracking up at the same
time thank you that would be my grandpa
yes it you would laugh and slap as me
you would really think you know that st.
knee-slapper he would literally slap his
knee I would still playing rummy is this
something yeah we're just a bunch of
runs where and I had too much rummy
we went golfing today and then I went
rode the four-wheeler so knowing where
we're going often tomorrow so when you
block you have to talk lover am i
talking louder there definitely is a
vlogging voice like hey everybody what's
going on shaycarl here I love Cooper
creeping upstairs by today and he goes
oh I thought you're doing a video and I
go why deals you're talking in your
video a sport yeah Colette says that all
the time like I'll come down and I'll be
acting crazy and she's like oh I thought
you're vlogging but why like you're like
talking crazy I mean you don't always I
mean I talk like that a lot but not
always get your eyebrows done
yeah so la now mom no I don't get my
eyebrows done does it look like it yeah
do I look handsome
I like I share my mom like psycho I like
it look at your engine you hated me
before hunger and well it was getting
pretty shaggy anyways we're here at the
cabin we're gonna go golfing tomorrow
morning and Lisa's gonna show me how
it's done on the link yeah yeah I bet
you teach your buddy okay let's have a
bet I'll bet you three bags of licorice
tomorrow the winner has to eat all three
I'll bet you would having it barely okay
crap didn't shake on it shake all right
good night okay it's time for piano
lessons
nice you didn't want internet time don't
you try that yeah about you dude they're
two days I'm about that one don't start
ting booty you try that beautiful you're
teasing him so well okay we've got a
busy day today we've got piano lessons
and then we're going to the big spring
of Palooza the kids school where they
have a big carnival like a festival for
spring and it's a big fundraiser for the
school so I will be there settlers
coming to help me because I'm going to
be volunteering for two hours oh wow
that's not that bad but it's hot it's
been really hot lately so hopefully
we'll stay hydrated and it will be alive
and well that's enjoying your life
you're being so sweet she's and I'm a
 heal up soon yeah yeah of course
your hearing your brain is and he looked
thank you for teaching him and reading
to him if you like
what you doing no it looks nice
are you excited no move your face what
are you getting
is it a spider yeah yeah just like
spider-man
oh it's beautiful it looks so nice
Oh
you like it we met girl
okay
sorry guys what are you getting put on
your bass honey I'm an octopus on your
forehead
you can't touch it when I take it off
you can't touch it away
Wow let's leave I mean let's see oh it
looks very cool
nice octopus okay
you look like a coolest octopus boy you
like it I see yours sooo beautiful
butterfly beautiful flower
beautiful beautiful bro it's beautiful
Hawaiian lei
we're doing the two-year-olds what's
over here
is it Legos yeah
mermen spaceman homegirl mermaid or a
mermaid
I may have you read your web hour okay
hi my name's - Dean Allen nice ending -
now that's how you do it
I guess that's how you do it well okay
let's try to be listening I did it well
yes we had a good time
that's sort of word that's alright daddy
what does that a better job any shine
okay pretty honey okay oh my gosh
working well I guess we had a good time
fine well aren't they just the Gulf dark
cutest little kid she ever did see well
I am back here in Los Angeles I had oh
my gosh so frustrated I was going to
leave it in the video but I just cut it
all out I had a bunch of really funny
exciting Gulf footage with my aunt and
my uncle and my mom and my dad and for
some reason when I was importing the
footage I had to buy an import cable in
the airport it did not work and it was
all corrupt I texted my buddy Charles
Trippy asked him for his help I called
my editor Blake at maker studios
basically the files were like you know
they would like skip I was so frustrated
because it was like it was really good
footage and there's nothing you can do
about it so you just gotta move on with
your life well good thing they had a lot
of cute fare footage and stuff like that
alright happy Monday welcome back to the
week excited to see you guys for the
rest of the week okay alrighty then
we'll see you tomorrow
