well hi hello nice to meet you my name
is Shay this is another view into my
daily life that I live here on this
earth
here at the Los Angeles Clippers hey
where's that white racist guy let's find
him and poke them in the eye balls right
to white beyond this court I'm glad we
didn't invite any black friends to come
play or else Donald sterling would not
be happy all right we're playing
basketball today I'm wearing a teen knee
braces because I'm an old man and I'm
pathetic loser also added to that
microphone zone out the winner it is so
hot what is it you think hundred ten
hundred fifteen no 150
no what is 300 300 degrees egg on my
forehead hey remember we lived in
Arizona and you could do that on there
go out on the cement we had friends that
their parents wouldn't let him come out
and play from noon to Forks it was so
hot you could literally cook an egg on
your driveway we did it once remember
yeah you know I hate that term but we
really did cook an egg on the driveway
pesticide yeah now we have cancer do we
eat it I don't think we ate it I don't
remember nothing mom let us see that no
I totally remember thought about and
then you like tell the story and then it
never really happened but you've told
the story for so long that you think it
is a memory like here's one for you
Paige doesn't tell you one story so this
is a story that I was Ben it was Ben
that's a great story Casey Bella's
worried about that story and I remember
driving in a car that we were driving
Italy Mexico or something with my mom
and Shay you remember the story and Dina
or uncle Dino about the double dipping
well that's another story remember
coming up to this like a checkpoint oh
yes yes
it's like we were going into California
and they do the fruit chat kit but this
is what I remember I remember there was
this trailer there and I swear there was
like two kids in there and we're like
what is this what is this and Dana told
us they were taking all the kids and
that me and Shay had to hide yeah yeah I
don't remember the trailer thing but I
do remember two hiding in the backseat
and being like mom can you see me can
you see me and Dana would be like Dana's
our uncle my dad's brother you think I
still can see your foot we'd like hide
us hide us because we thought that the
authorities were gonna steal us just
adults playing tricks on kids Austin hit
that right there swoosh it hard over oh
he made it Sam that them every time I'm
on a camera shot though you guys
Austin's really good trust me just take
my word for it he's really good he's a
really good basketball player guys he's
genuinely bit very talented it was
actually really shut up hey hey
you guys left nut
hey should we blog this the only
show you have to one half if you want it
what I love you okay I got to turn it
off
I believe that as mentioned about people
standing on
check it out you guys I'm like a spy I
landed the airport and there's a there's
a car just sitting here ready for my use
thanks agent mom who's cute little
creature in bed with me
that is my princess Todd she had to help
me remake the bed because rocked her
peed in it yesterday he's disgusting
he's rolling Kostas going in the middle
of night he might come in he might come
in and be in here again but we cleaned
the bed retain see yeah he only does if
he wakes up in the middle the night he's
cold right this man you guys he gets
really anxious when she's not here she
is not here tonight obviously he's gone
he hates it numers your daddy do my
Giordani no you can't get on the bed you
can't sleep no Harry and stinky I'm
sorry you were so Harry and Sookie maybe
you could but I love you know I do you
know I do so today
rugs hard peed the better which I just
barely had washed these sheets I'm not
playing with you he really misses Shay
and he needs to wrestle with someone and
I don't wrestle and so he gets mad at me
do you want to wrestle you don't want to
wrestle what are you do you really think
I'm gonna let you stay there that's my
spot where am I supposed to sleep over
there I think not but he's not gonna
tell like come on you know you wanna you
know you want to let me shake come home
and play with your puppy he needs her
she was playing peek-a-boo with him then
he got bored look how long he is he
covered the entire news
but white what do you miss your daddy
tell him what you want to tell him she's
really math you know I'm sitting out
with these dumb girls and they always
kick me off the bed and you let me I'm
just gonna let him keep going
you're just tell daddy what you wanted
to tell him you did tell him what you
wanted to tell him you would tell him
what you want weirdo okay Brenda start
at 10:45 we've got to get in bed with
the book fair tomorrow we need to try to
be early so we can actually be in time
to get books from the book fair and Zeke
is not gonna let us go to sleep okay can
I have my bed back now okay get down get
down
not to play no no no that is not your
monkey that's rock cards monkey no no no
- this is your monkey do you want it I
can't throw dear he'll jump on the bed
Zeke hey come on Louise annoying I love
you know this is our disobedience II
kiss okay go out Zeke go up go up oh no
never mind he's not disobedient many
times will you tell him to go out he
doesn't want to go out he will hide
under the bed so that he doesn't have to
go because we can't get him out from
under the bed okay Zeke girl go up GWAR
Zeke Zeke Zeke
what are you doing what are you doing
okay seriously he needs to go for a run
Shay come home up meet a few well I
still want him to come home okay let's
go to bed time for night-night no monkey
racing goodnight and here we are in
Idaho suddenly just like that we have
flown to the potato State all right why
mine Idaho I'm not gonna tell you right
now we will tell you but I've decided
not to tell you I will tell you that it
sucks because this was a very
last-minute trip I called my mom last
night said hey I'm coming I tomorrow
she's like what we're gonna be in Bear
Lake all weekend so here I am at my
house my mom my dad Carly and Logan my
brother and sister are all gone so I'm
here for two days and they're not here
that sucks I missed them I was excited
to see him and now they're gone so I
finally got a chance to read the
comments on today's vlog about princess
tart and her comment there seems to be a
lot of angry people about that comment
and I was gonna say anything about it
because I was like looking at the
comments and I was looking at the
thumbs-up and as of right now I uploaded
the vlog 10 hours ago it has 28,000
thumbs up and a little over 400 thumbs
down so I'm when I look at those numbers
and I'm like okay 28,000 people liked it
and 400 people are upset about it I'm
like those are pretty good odds so I'm
not gonna worry about it but there are a
couple things that I do want to say one
there were some criticism in the
comments that I should have corrected
princess tart I want you guys to know
and I don't know if I've ever said this
but I have a policy as a father that I
am never gonna reprimand my kids on the
camera you will never see me getting
after my kids in front of you guys do I
reprimand my kids and correct them and
parent them and even get after them and
yell at
yes absolutely kids do and say stupid
things maybe you remember maybe you've
been around kids kids are selfish kids
are rude
kids are learning kids do things that
they need to be taught not to but I have
vowed that I will never do that on
camera in these vlogs so if you're like
 you should have done this how do
you know that I didn't and I will never
show that in the camera or on the vlogs
because I don't want I don't want my
kids to feel this like I got yelled at
today on camera you know like I getting
like reprimanded by your parent is bad
enough let alone having have that in
front of thousands of people so if you
don't think that I'm parenting my kids
then you're wrong I just want you guys
to know that I will never do that on
camera so a second thing I knew that
Princess hard did not mean offence by
that Indian comment
she said I'm dirty like an Indian I
immediately knew that she was you know
in her mind she's picturing like last of
the Mohicans
or like Pocahontas where they live in
the forest and sleep in teepees and are
running around and jumping in trees and
foraging for food like that's what she
meant she didn't mean like Native
American people don't bathe and they
don't respect themselves give me a break
you guys come on
she and her mind she's like I live in
the forest I'm like an Indian so
obviously a majority like I said 28,000
of you understand that there's a very
small number of you and they're like
that's offensive and that's the other
thing I want to talk about there's this
there's weird phenomena where every time
that you're critical of us it makes me
want to share less and less of my life
with you now that's a life lesson take
me out of it take the Shaytards out of
it take you to bout of it think about
the people that you deal with on a day
to day basis your friends the people you
go to school with your brother's your
sisters your cousin's your parents
anybody that you interact with face to
face if that's how you are in real life
where you're overly critical and overly
sensitive and you get offended by every
little thing somebody says nobody's
gonna want to be open with you nobody's
gonna trust you to tell you their
feelings nobody's gonna see you as a
confidant nobody's gonna trust you as a
good friend that they
come to and talk to because they're
always gonna be worried that you're
gonna be mad or offended by every little
thing that they do and say that's just a
free life lesson that if you're critical
and you point the finger that every time
somebody messes up people are not gonna
open up to you and you will lead a very
lonely life if you are super critical of
everything that everybody around you
says and does you will have very few
friends I don't care what you say about
me or my family that's just a free life
lesson and I've learned that and I've
seen it happen in business on sports
teams with kids that I hung out with the
kids who are always like you do Ritter
it's like nobody wants to be around that
person and if you're like that on the
internet and in the comments and you get
offended by every little stupid thing
somebody says you're probably like that
in real life and people don't want to
hang out with those kind of people and
if they do it's probably other people
like that who are constantly finding
fault
in other people all right so I'm just
saying that as a little life tip it's
human nature it's human nature to do
that because misery loves company or you
know it's for some reason in our human
minds we feel like if we can bring
somebody down a peg by saying what they
did was wrong it will somehow make you
feel better that's just true with the
human species I don't know why it is or
why we think that but it's almost like
we have this perception it's like if I
can pull them down then somehow that
makes me better and that is a huge myth
that is so not true and you will lead a
very unhappy life if you're thinking
that if you lift others up and help
others you will be lifted rising tides
lifts all ships think about that saying
I don't know maybe some more comments
and we'll see what we can talk about
tomorrow I am in Idaho just for two days
um there's I just can't tell you what I
was gonna try to think of a liar's I'm
gonna try to think of oh I'm here
because I got to do this but I'm just
gonna tell you that I'm not gonna tell
you why I'm here and I'll tell you later
okay
I love you I do and I really appreciate
this conversation I think it's helpful
you know I don't I hope I really
genuinely do not want to come across as
like I know everything this is the way
it is I sincerely feel like this is a
learning experience
like we are discussing life and how to
live it and how to interact with one
another as humans and if I mess up I
will be okay and there's been times
where I've done or said something that
you know probably wasn't right and you
guys give me crap out in the comments
I'm like shut up you know it's that that
human nature that tendency to be like I
don't want to hear what I did wrong but
I feel like I'm learning to overcome
that like what the whole the homeless
sign thing the other day it felt good to
be able to say you know what maybe that
wasn't right it's like almost liberating
to admit that you're wrong it's it feels
good to be like you know I talked about
that on that book if you guys listen to
our podcast I'm listening to this book
all the power of now the second that you
can get rid of that need to be right it
is so freeing and I've been
experimenting with it the last couple
weeks where it's like yeah maybe I'm
wrong let me just think about that what
if what if I'm not right about that
that's okay I just want to learn what's
right that feels so good
- not like hold up this wall and have
this tightness you know in the scripture
that caught talks about a hard heart
this hard heart where you're like oh
you're and you try to like fight this
position that you have the second that
you can be like okay maybe you're right
let's like let me think about it
let me walk in your shoes sincerely not
just saying that like seem like you're a
nice person but to really be like maybe
I'm not right about this maybe I'm wrong
how can I be honest with myself and my
own devil's advocate and ask myself is
this really the right way or maybe I'm
wrong and maybe I need to fix it or
maybe I need to like think about this
differently so it feels good to be able
to do that and I encourage all of us to
do that and that's what I hope this
conversation can be where we're all just
like this happened what princess starts
said could be found as offensive the
nine-year-old little girl that she has I
know that you meant no offense by it and
maybe we shouldn't jump on her right
away or when other people say or do
things that you don't agree with maybe
they have a different perspective or
paradigm than you interesting stuff okay
I've blabbed on long enough I love you
guys
