yeah getting busy and they're working it
amen brother
yo what's up good morning today is a
very rare day we have all of the
children and the mommy tizzle going to
school was going to school and the one
what I'll go into Jack's do we have one
of those to make it up things
hi Gaston tada who's ready to have a
great day
ready to eat a bale of hay Rock tardy a
horse so today you guys we are taking
the kids to school together we've never
done that before we have a yellow oh
yeah we like maybe other than like the
first day of school or something I was
like baby I'll take the kids to school
and she's like but if we go together and
I thought oh that's sweet that'll be a
fun family activity at 7:30 in the
morning go to the doctor we think you're
a little crazy yeah I talk like camping
I wanna go camping again we're gonna go
we're gonna do a lot of camping this
summer you guys do not worry your little
butts gonna do some fishing do some
camping waterskiing Wow yes we are doing
a lot of water skiing this summer
you can't stop me no you cannot
wakeboarding wake skating lots of water
and ropes involved you guys all right
before I go to school we gotta grab some
snacks and I think is this what you guys
are gonna eat for lunch
princess argh you're eating jerky for
breakfast
I don't know about that what are you
gonna get this is rock cards favorite
part about coming to the health food
store the windchimes that fun hey listen
we got a hurry dude the kids got to get
to school come on go grab a snack you
guys forgetting sushi for lunch
you guys are so la you realize that
we're so la trying to find a California
roll these guys want sushi for lunch
I guess they love it you get a basket
out of there you ready here you go what
do you got there what's that banana
banana bread zucchini bread okay you got
to carry that I want to hold it quite
the shot okay put it the basket cheese
put in the basket all right that's yours
if you find the sushi you like well it
is morning time they haven't made any
fresh stuff probably for today let's go
check out you guys got everything we
need
a little snack stop before school
chooses Jerky's spinach seaweed and
sushi put those back we gotta go Julie
got ten things and let's just sound
you love this song extra lemon yellow
kiss yeah getting busy and they're
working it
amen brother so I've been getting me one
of these fresh green juices every
morning it's basically celery spinach
and parsley and I think it's good I
think it's good that's really taste good
but now that I've been having it for the
like last couple weeks it's very
refreshing I don't love the taste of it
but it's not like that gross taste
anymore
spinach celery and parsley would you
guys get everybody had jerky orange
juice I got I got my babe and orange
juice hi
honey your kids are California I know
they get sushi and seaweed owes your
door stuck we need to pull forward oh
that's gonna scratch and get out first
it's quite as your butts too big if you
get out then the weight will go out that
side of the van then you'll be able to
shut it yeah now try to shut it Oh
push push the van put put your hand on
the banner pusher we are good at lace I
don't find poster man one big buck Mr
Cameron she's gonna scratch ready for
you guys all got in ah that's a horrible
make and just grind a little bit on the
bottom of our door off bye love you have
a great scholastic experience learn
something be kind to others say hi to
somebody who needs a friend
no kissing girls young man I want for
your mother yeah she's a good kisser
is that good jerky dude yeah I love you
thank you hey what are you doing hey
more importantly what are you wearing
what is that hey is that one of those
fever cooler forehead says you have a
feeling oh are you scared of yourself
what you're so cute
you do you beat on it don't be scared
hey hey watch hide ruler ouch okay what
open on the mirror what to watch it you
don't put it on the mirror No
in there right hey I'm serious don't
under me hey hey hey
look at mommy I said don't put it on the
mare okay okay hey hey don't put it on
the mirror hey you can do it I believe
in you catch him right there hey let him
get away
you're not present in your sweater if
you put the pink one on a pet some dog
here while you're at it okay we're not
there we scared don't be scared you
aren't you put the pink thing on just
put it just hold up there and he'll
crawl into it
hold it right next to hey come on I'll
help you I'll help you come here come
here
watch don't be scared watch I'm gonna
help you doing if you're spider-man
aren't you just your friend he's our
friend
you ready when we can crawl in there
turn get away Oh got him look he's in
there
okay just hear that on there oh good now
you got him like that now you got a
spider now he I didn't do with him
look he's under here look Sam Sam you
caught a spider good there you go you're
spider-man good job say don't please
help me I don't think he knows nothing
oneself though he's so cute he goes dead
on the plane here please come happy
Islands children okay going on the
toilet what do we want put him outside
instead of killed him you want to flush
him down the toilet or could I'll put
him outside what if his mommy and
daddy's Giri what if his mom and dad are
outside yeah sure tiny little murderous
man toddler can you please help nope you
have to do it if you're I'm not gonna be
what's the word you help somebody murder
somebody I have an accomplice
I'm not going to be an accomplice to
your spider side if you want to flush
him you do it yourself
I'll help you go put him in the backyard
don't go put it in the backyard or flush
him
and fast okay put him in there you do it
yourself
careful though he might come out and
bite you open it up and then dump him in
the toilet you please nope you have to
do it yourself
scary's bite me you won't bite you you
can do it I believe in you just open it
up and dump them in the toilet fast
ready
don't throw those in the toilet though
okay just pull the pink one out of the
blue one and then dump into the toilet
can you do it okay
don't do it then don't go put them
outside okay come on let's go peroxide
you scaredy-cat
okay well throw them out in the backyard
it's like 90 degrees in Los Angeles it's
supposed to be yen like oh it's even
like the demo just trapped him is he in
there oh he's on your head it's on your
head it's so hot out here right now my
feet are burning from being on the deck
I go to page beg there's a package here
for me would you like to see what's in
my package it's from Amazon I don't
really know yet I have to open it okay
I'm opening I'm opening it are you ready
package a gift from Ellie it's Rob Allie
Allie got me a present
says to the Internet's favorite mom and
one of mine as well Happy Mother's Day
Collette from Alley Cat
you guys know Allie she she works at
maker and she's like is our main woman
that helps us do everything that we ever
do you basically runs our lives for you
pretty much does your home
oh my oh my oh my oh my
mind if you open it I will seriously
what we do we did you know all this
seriously you know what I'll do yeah I
know I'm sorry okay I'm opening it says
I'm a mom what's your superpower oh
that's so special I don't think I've
ever gotten a bug like this before if
I'll I gave you a mug thanks Ali that
was sweet
there's what it's purple inside of it
you like purple yes Thank You Ali I love
you sorry shouldn't get you anything
you're not a mom yet yeah shake shake
boy
hey everybody what's going on here I am
with little face rock face rock your
name face rock me more rant can I just
squeeze your face I want to mangle your
face can I just mess your posturing to
mess your face up anyways I'm also here
with Papoose c'mon mosquitos at your
name PACU Paciello I'm a hey hey hey
you're like a little kangaroo hey you're
so cute we have child 1 yeah you're a
dirty disgusting mess the kids stayed
after school to play and they basically
rolled in dirt for three hours and then
we came and picked him up okay weird
IKEA because you know we want to buy
some really cheap furniture
cuz it's fun mom eat I want some pillows
it's way to drive 45 minutes to Ikea so
we can get some pillows I'm having a
good time so if you've never been to
Ikea it's kind of like one of the best
and slash worst places in the world
because they have everything everything
you can imagine but once you find the
things that you need and the things that
you want you can never get out you're
like stuck it's a maze of furniture here
when I say everything they like build
entire rooms and you can just be like I
want that room look at this closet this
is a closet with chandeliers shoes so
you can just pick I want I want this to
be my closet look they having little
kids I want one of these dirty little
Rugrats for instance an entire kitchen
it's like if you just walk through here
and be like I like that kitchen I want
that kitchen what's uh what's for dinner
she's making some pasta
yeah baby charges found the sauce
imagine that what if we shot like skits
in the IKEA
let me just came up with a script that
could be a fun with webseries you have
to come up with a script you have to
come into the IKEA and it's AIT's like a
kitchen setting to come in here just ro
gonna be like okay ready go all right
let's try it
action we're out of it bye honey see you
later
you might need to pick up
too late for that
all right let's go and scene that's good
good job guys good job
bow bow thank you excellent excellent
excellent job okay look now you have to
think of one for a dinner table setting
okay like you're on a date
just pretend it's hard Gavin is on a
date Emmy you're the waitress and you're
the waitress how you would eat on a
first date you have dueling waiters oh
you just got dumped bro oh you don't
care who's gonna pick up the check
holster Jenna I'm gonna wrong it stand
still
look how dirty she is I don't like it
okay what does that mean or India's
dirty yeah yeah sure hey guys Tierney's
all right you guys we just ate a Chili's
check out this new way to pay I just
slid my card right here now I can select
a tip 18% 19% how much should we leave
that's really fun let's see what it goes
up to out of curiosity gave up to 100%
to check it out should tip him this much
for the fun of it what I can't want will
pass 100% well it will check it out
why wouldn't it how high will it go oh
dude this guy's gonna get a fat tip yeah
son tard was looking for this sometimes
a dad this is the Futurist it actually
did it's the presents it's happening
right now all right I'm not gonna get
too crazy hurrah goes it's not a present
it's an iPad
all right let's leave here we'll leave
give them 20 bucks that's a good tip
that would be 30 32 percent
that's great okay tip this milk yeah
processing your car this may take it on
it I love this because you know what I
hate waiting for them to bring the check
so it's right here on the table and you
can just pay right here Pea tip and get
out of here yes email a receipt go print
one I want to print one out all right
got a receipt let's go yes ladies and
gentlemen you can print out a receipt
for the viewing of this entertaining
Shaytards vlog just click that green
thumbs up button and that receipt should
print out the bottom of your computer I
love technology like that things that
make your life simpler and quicker and
more efficient bring it on I'm all for
it thank you so much for watching
today's vlog we sure appreciate you
hanging out with our family this is the
end slate this is the launch pad for
more Shaytards entertainment you want to
see what we're doing yesterday click on
the yesterday button you want a surprise
hon do you like surprises in your life
well I got one for you click on that
mystery video do you want to see what my
family was doing on this very day five
years ago well by golly ole golly Molly
you can click on that number five and
see four three two-and exactly 365 days
ago we will have a video for you to
watch jacket out click on a button for
those of you on a mobile device I have
left
all those links conveniently in the
description thanks so much for coming by
we hope to see you again
like tomorrow gimme just a little bite
