happiness is a giant shot off
it's recording
and his dream
two layers
hi I'm vlogging here get up here in your
room now go you guys got all clean
yesterday and that's how it gets messy
next day you got crap laying on the
floor that's just the beginning to a
much bigger problem did you have some of
that watermelon because I see two spoons
in that watermelon yeah don't make
excuses if you're part of the problem be
part of the solution
that's a Daddy saying right there I
think I hurt myself today being Ron did
a 50-mile bike ride and I'm like wiped
out an exhaust puppy you me what no I'm
waiting for the vlog to process such as
my life so frustrating when the vlog
like it goes through on the upload but
then I just sit here and I wait for the
processing like come on I just want to
make it live you guys want to go meet
mom and son tart for dinner son tardes
Scout tonight and mommy tarde went to
Malibu to pick up Pinewood Derby cars
and she just texted me and asked if we
wanted to meet for dinner
vlog always takes precedence hi honey
how close are you to being done you want
to meet for dinner it's still processing
I could be ready in 25 to 20 minutes if
it goes through she says somewhere close
to the church okay
I'm gonna meet mom for dinner there
aren't we gonna go to support we're
gonna eat dinner first then go to the
park oh okay go finish cleaning your
room well you're not going to gall-darn
nowhere that's refreshing it was her
problem and charity is it everything
clean in that room your bedside manner
yeah get in there Zeke just pray you
don't have as many puppies as I do well
yeah cuz you never let me make out with
any good-looking Great Dane girls why
yeah
oh your goodness dude something is
messed up with YouTube it still says its
processing your videos being processed
feel cognitive but but it's like it's
not life but people are able to comment
on it Weis going on YouTube in all of my
years of YouTube and has never happened
the vlog is not officially live its
processing but apparently eight people
have
sit up and commented on it thanks for
those eight people who commented in
thumb stuff though
thanks mirin Hall McDonald hey Shay
watching it right now
how are you watching it are you like a
secret inside m√≠riam Hughes
I was pretty early to this video yes you
were Ariel you got here before it even
went live I don't know how but somehow
you did it so I click on videos look
it's not there it's not even available
how are you guys seeing this video
that's my latest video is yesterday's
vlog dude the ghosts are taking over
YouTube what is going on go to my video
manager yeah dude it's still processing
and now 17 people have thumbs it up and
third 13 comments how are you getting
this gritty out oh they've seen it from
my Google+ I bet where did you guys find
it you guys let me know yesterday how
did you get to this vlog you guys look I
was right a little investigation
remember that comment from Marion Hall
McDonald she commented on the Google+ -
so I just commented on it I was like
gonna comment on it like while it was
waiting for it to process so apparently
that posted it to my Google+ account and
I guess from there you can go to the
video it's wait the video is unavailable
oh you know what's happening is I post
that video they're commenting on but
there's only three comments here so I
figured if maybe they posted on my
Google+ it would go to the video but
it's saying the video is unavailable
dude this is tripping me out no views
but 35 thumbs up you guys you gotta let
me know how did you find this video
yesterday yay early view do this is
seriously tripping me out it's not like
tripping me out like I'm not like
tripping balls you know but I'm
definitely curious definitely want to go
meet mommy tard for dinner but I can't
I put the ants late on it why I buster
alright I'm asking it says the video
isn't live yet how are you guys finding
the video are you YouTube ghosts are you
I must know
see if we can get anybody to reply my
comment here's my cam and I just led to
come and let's see if anybody wants to
reply to it I hope somebody does so
while we wait for somebody to reply to
my comment
you guys know that baby tardes let it go
her frozen cover has more views than
Princess tardes does now should I tell
them that or anything that'll hurt
princess tarts failings I think a vias
has like 2.8 million baby turns has 3.1
million pop I yo-yo hello I am here with
my baby until salt'll hello
woah what yeah what is that so it's time
for scouts again tonight we're having a
park night we're going to go roast hot
dogs I don't think we're roasting them
actually there's gonna be grilled on the
grill and eating hot dogs and talking
about camping excited yeah well how many
years in a row we done this three three
three Hey look at me give me a genuine
smile
that's pretty good now give me your best
spooky smile now give me your best girly
smile I love you dude why am i talking
about your Cola addiction yeah
I like Gouda okay so what are you doing
with them let's let's tell our rich I
got two diet coke bottles dichloro
forever same thing and tell them what a
fork
it's for science progress with lock this
we believe about blogging the app can
take forever and tell stories and one of
those for testing
and the other ones for real life and I'm
going to take a video of it and yeah
cool
that's the wait what are you going to do
I'm going to put Mentos in them gonna
make rockets and they're going to shoot
up hopefully and then yes so how are you
going to demonstrate this to the class
we're going to take it to school of
course no I'm gonna I'm going to take a
video of me doing it and then I'm going
to bring a video in class Sean uh what
do you think do you think that's a good
idea yeah hey don't persuading his
decisions
oh I don't know it could it be fun
exciting I think that's a fun project
and the girls not the girls just one
girl as a project as well and my
partners we're gonna test out and see
which one goes higher he's gonna do
baking some vinegar and I'm gonna do
soda oh and then because we're science
project partners and then we're gonna
see which one goes higher cool often
like that wait this is so frustrating
it's been about 45 minutes since the
vlog went up I mean it's up but I don't
but it's processing still so here's
where I have to just hit upload again
let me hit upload again and see if it
was just a wonderer on YouTube I don't
know a glitch
all right so we're uploading again the
current upload is at 9% this one still
says it's processing at 95% but it's
been stuck like that for 45 minutes or
more but apparently some of you guys are
being able to watch the other vlog
because it has 85 thumbs up on it oh
there's 15 replies to my comment on my
ghost comment maybe so tell Colette says
Megan Johnston actually I got an email
from Google+ okay thank you
it's letting me click when they could
Google thinks responding it's on your
channel I watched by clicking your link
from Google+ well I guess add me on
Google+ I see what you're doing YouTube
you want everybody to get on Google+
okey-dokey now we got two of them stuck
in processing it's a processing party so
this one is stuck in processing and this
one has uploaded but it is being
processed
still what are they doing processing
who's working processing it just dawned
on me that I should try to upload it
from a different browser I'm gonna go to
Google Chrome I usually use Safari I'm
kind of a fan of Safari it's just like
what I'm used to but I've noticed for
the last like almost week I have not
been able to read comments unless I'm on
Google Chrome so maybe Safari is just
messed up so now I'm gonna try to upload
a third one on Google Chrome Gregg Ron
crap I'm glad that's what I'm doing
happiness is a choice shot on I'm really
not that bothered by it
I've done this for five years you can't
stop me YouTube I'll figure out a way to
get this vlog up alright hopefully you
guys watched yesterday's video cuz it
took a lot of effort alright we have a
winner
the third the middle one has won the
second one that I hit upload it went
live this is the Google Chrome one
that's uploading now but this one's live
I got to put the insight on it now funny
yeah I'm on them again let's see him
wear those glasses
alright the vlogs live we can go now
we're gonna go to the park rock garden
guns hilarious are you live or the park
put the card alright you're obnoxious so
Center are denied both got some snacks
because we are not really keen on hot
dogs why don't you like hot dogs too
sometimes I eat them they can make me
me yeah
I know they're not meant to be in your
body so yeah I remember when I was a kid
you guys don't want to know never mind
let's just say I had not had a great
experience with hot dogs in my past okay
so we got some snacks I got these sweet
potato chips that I always get and look
what I found in the chip thing and it's
a black one
it's totally burned should I try it this
is what it's supposed to look like this
what it looks like I'm going to try it
you guys ready I got some hummus here
I'm going to try me this Burt
it's burnt mm-hmm it's really bitter
okay all right I don't want the bird
chiffonade more perfect
yeah dude this is disgusting try it
who
oh you're the flights sorry fun with
chips hey baby boy how you lose your
life how's your life you living a good
life yes you are you're running wild if
I over head to the park could start
hasn't rollerblades on we're going to
meet the scouts at the park ok the
cyclone of death here at the playground
everybody hold on titers in a follow-up
and a concussion the cyclone of death
oh yes out that's enough all right rock
Curt says that's enough he candle the
cyclone of death anymore
that's enough all right let's see the
backflip ready set they better be higher
than mine we're on to come and show you
up - here we go that's pretty good
pretty good
baby Tariq you do backflip lame gets it
ready one two go
nice job yeah you know I realize that a
majority of today's vlog was me trying
to upload yesterday's vlog but come on
this is what my life is that's what I
did for my day I tried to get up
yesterday's vlog and I did it
successfully it took me a couple five
hours but eventually it went live but do
not fret because there is a brand new
podcast you guys I'm not sure if we told
you this or not but we did give Sun
tarde the sex-talk the SE X talk yeah we
took him on a little journey and we gave
it to him we told them all about it and
if you guys want to hear about the
experience click on that feeling lucky
button and go to the brand new when the
kids go to sleep podcast to hear about
sex
weird also there's a brand new shayloss
video up of me and Ron riding our bike
50 miles yesterday it was killer
according to collect sister who's a
mathematician and physical therapist I
burned 3500 calories and if you haven't
seen yesterday's vlog please click on
that previous vlog button because you
know it took me a lot of work to get it
up I really like this insight with rock
cards swinging on the rope that's
awesome if you want to throw the change
I rode one
two three four and five years ago on
this very day click on those
corresponding numbers you know we love
you we'll see you tomorrow give me kiss
