we need a Kleenex in the worst kind of
way my friend good morning from sunny
Southern California good morning from
Shaytards to you good morning
construction yeah there's a code oh okay
guys me and Gavin are tasked with the
mighty responsibility of going down to
the beach and getting cool morning drone
footage it's a tough job but somebody's
got to do it ready dawg let's go get our
job done
love you guys thanks for watching we got
to try to keep this KC nice telev Wow
now that we might need to stop and get a
breakfast burrito have a B it smells so
good down here boy oh boy I wish you
could smell this when we talk are those
biscuits and eggs something bad cats
they don't stop get some food dansgame
yo yo yo has anybody ridden one of these
Electric skateboards in a park like in a
bowl that seems like something Shawn
Doris would have done Shawn have you
done that
have you written your electric
skateboard in a skate park I want to see
that I don't dare do it cuz I'm not that
good but I could go watch with my
eyeballs trimmer we used to come here
all the time you're getting good at it
dude
I know I missed that that was fun we
were coming and we were like getting so
we could pump through the snake run it
was cool right let's go
see if these guys will let us fly our
helicopter over their heads well the
escaped working maybe they want we'll
see
yeah uh hey surfer boy he liking that
cruisin dude it's fun just looking at
all the different people out here it's
kind of overcast right now it's a nice
uh nice - beach day ah I may have pushed
him off the trail a little bit I got the
shot though bro it's cool
hey guys we're in our favorite place
they are so not a while they need to run
around in the sand in the Sun for about
three hours yep and then we'll bring
them down to a level where we might can
take them out to dinner and without
being embarrassed and that's the point
because you know when you walk into a
restaurant in Los Angeles with five
children they look at you like ah why
would you bring those in here and why
would you even have them just kidding
there's a lot of families in Venice you
see a lot of families around but having
five kids I think it's morning
yeah for sure I mean but like am i man
my wife she just so pretty I cannot stop
kissing no you don't say one of each
first time in the ocean for a while baby
is gonna be the first one in the cold it
is kind of chilly today guys hopefully
they can catch wave love it
doc then wait you want to get in come
take your shoes off come here come take
your shoes off
you say love you but look the girls are
out there let's go see go see if I can
catch the weight braise it got you if
you had the only one going out far
enough to probably catch some waves
let's see it Naevia you okay oh no did
you drop your toy shoot oh man the ocean
takes toys you guys you can't play with
toys in the ocean or they'll be gone and
we go one has a good one this waves are
tricky today open this
yeah what they caught it together you
guys are awesome
Oh careful doc then Oh it's ticking good
job ladies what
yeah
yeah
I love it oh I missed it
she got a really good one Oh Jackson
careful dude
he's like eating Melville's ass and we
got to be careful okay right born in
California California baby yeah he's our
surfer boy
he's in charge
they're trying to bury themselves and
that's getting so frustrated
rustling - I did it score score again Oh
to be a kid again
all right cue beach soccer time-lapse
there's about a hundred singles
attacking our ships Rock move dude
they're gonna carry you off these are
rough seagulls man Avia good game good
game
these guys won yeah cuz five to two or
five to three five to sing it because
Dorian kicked and dad basically just try
to block it with a kick to this it was
an accident
we put up a good fight there was one
shot where the ball he shaved like slid
it and he kicked it but he missed barely
and Spri went to do his head on the
ground
bunny what Butler is MVP on the field
other I don't know about that you you
did the floor head got things that he
was impressive
okay and then I'll do a fat clip and
refinance my credit hold it I only
earned whatever calories we're gonna eat
yeah we're getting two appetizers at
dinner tonight
calamari didn't artichoke I'm gonna take
my shirt off and get the ocean ci Trisha
camera all right Oh mommy
Tucker Hank all right well did you have
a good time that's all I want to know
was it fun yeah great well I'm kind of
disappointed cuz we lost Gavin beat us
Gavin team adore Ian everyone they
hustled out there I was trying to
collect old that story I was trying to
head it in Anna Dorian jumped on me and
this is Rosa you guys this is the uber
driver that took me to the Tim Ferriss
podcast that fateful day when I was
standing on the curb outside of my hotel
and I was like man this is a cool life
moment I'm going to the Tim Ferriss
podcast I need to call an uber click
click machine technology awesome and she
showed up and just started telling me
about her life and she's from Ethiopia
and she's building a hospital there that
she's been working on how long has it
been now three years anyways it's a long
story
I talked about it about giving the Tesla
way we'll show you some pictures when I
show the videos look this is the
hospital it's almost done look
so we're going to talk to Rosa about
helping Finnish build that hospital and
we want you guys to be part of that
journey we're going to build a hospital
in Ethiopia and we're gonna help her do
it cool all right everybody get your
Instagram machines out Brock can you
just appreciate that sunset for me for
just a sec what are you we have seaweed
all over us too by the way you know look
that's gross the ocean had a ton of
seaweed you just went boogie board okay
okay okay it's time to replace all of
those calories
oh you're suggestive reasoning to me are
you I read something I just made it up
excuse me
we're not going to the pool we haven't
even finished eating yet or eating
that's a food Oh sucks oh and we're
watching for snow that's a good night oh
well I have no objections that's look at
me a problem right all right must be
bedtime oh it's a key question time to
get numb kind of getting toothpaste all
over diam just icy we need to cut your
bangs again bro-heem hey you got
beautiful blue eyes
- I think that is a very astute
assertion my father all right are you
going to bad what'd I just say astute
assertion I don't know what I'm talking
about I don't I don't think I do either
actually hey I wanted to say something
about something that I said in
yesterday's vlog when I'm on a hey did
this wreck happen because it was meant
to be for us not to get to the airport
that's a dumb thing to say well you got
to think about like how does why do
things happen is there a reason for
everything but it almost sounds like oh
those people had to get in a wreck to
fit our agenda you know like does that
selfishly kind of like turn it into like
their personal tragedy could just be you
know
yeah didn't mean it that way I hope you
guys know but it is interesting to think
about you know like why do things is it
just random just crazy you know you know
just whoops-a-daisy somebody was on
their phones and but we made the flight
so I don't know maybe it was to start
this conversation but maybe just random
things happening we just make it work
like sometimes only that but we
definitely always brush our teeth
because you only get one set of tea
ladies and gentlemen do not forget you
only get one set we get to action
because one set falls out and then once
you learn how to keep your nose clean
Jackson we need a Kleenex in the worst
kind of way my friend here let me see
here vlog this I got a clean list nose
well I know there's some people that are
just grossed out knows that status fine
that's that's fine then yeah okay
and I watch the Facebook I turn 15 so
anyway okay baby I will see you guys
tomorrow
so goodnight honey yes morrow
