I love him he is my pride and joy
my little lovely lad I just need a ball
two left
hi I'm vlogging here hello good morning
to ya are you watching this in the
morning maybe you watch it in the
afternoon I don't know when you watch it
we're here at maker studios there's hi
I'm Ron the coolest cat in all of the
feline world man that was weird so we
are here today at hilarious the gaming
room at maker studios and we just played
an hour a very very intense hour and a
half game of Minecraft against probably
the most well known and probably the
most welcome wanna fight minecraft
player known to mankind that is not an
exaggeration it's true damn cat you
ready to go down yeah crumbs all over my
face this is real life bro
no it's tabby cat we just had a game it
was me and son tard against Colette and
stampy cat who do you think won well I
don't know if we can count that as a win
they'll have to go watch it
it was quite controversial there at the
end Ola stay tuned all that you know
where it is but it was Sun tarde and me
against Colette and stampy cat situ who
could build a cake first what are you
doing up there what your kid rock tard
throwing darts Nerf darts off the top
balcony of the maker studios office
building man oh there's Nerf darts all
over this place I want to come up there
and spank you young man guys let's go
get it right now come on I'm gonna go
get that kid critical parents spank you
home I just can't watch will scare you
can't just throw bullet cheese gun hey
we see you Ronald
what the hell
what is that baby doing with his thumb
what are you doing with your thumb get
it out of there it doesn't go there
Darth Vader look uh yeah no father
come on you got to get the line down if
you're gonna wear this shirt you got to
do the line dude it's Bradley my toes
count mom yeah can I do it what about
spirit fingers I can do that
whoo pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty
pretty pretty Hey all right you guys it
is spring cleaning time I don't know if
you've noticed but let me show you
aah it's a hurricane it's a hurricane we
are going to don't what are you girls
doing
what this surfboard for that Meredith oh
my girl doll oh my goodness
was that a bout of frustration from the
baby tarnish well maybe we'll have to
work out a system where you girls share
it because that's originally that's the
original intent it was made for turning
into the Hulk anyways it is time to do
some spring cleaning we're gonna donate
some stuff we're gonna get rid of some
stuff it's going to be a lot cleaner in
here very shortly all right I gave the
kids strict instructions to get this
room clean let's see how they did I
think it is pretty good did you clean
your room did you help no yeah holy stir
honest he helped looks good my friend
look at that the desk is clean the
dresser is assembled nicely and
organized beds are made floor is
vacuumed currently yesterday there's a
little bit of nudity in the shaker all
right what's going on there Oh so I
didn't realize it but yesterday I was I
just took a shower and I was looking for
clothes and you would make
do I don't even see it I don't know how
you guys saw it it's like a fraction of
a second you see the side of Sun tardes
Lake and maybe a little butt cheek
but I told Sun art I said guess what
every single person has a butt cheek
most people have two of them
check it go ahead go in the bathroom
right now look in the mirror pull your
pants down and see if you have one too I
think you probably do
most people have butt cheeks I mean at
least all the people I've met have had a
butt cheek and your butt cheeks
I don't seriously some of you guys I
think might have an unhealthy
relationship with us because I feel like
you scour the background of every second
of every video just looking for
something anything anything needs to be
like that what's that look at that look
at background a little bit look I didn't
even see it and I edited that vlog three
times I did three passes of it did you
know that there's a new part of sontar
dunya space vlog it shows his butt
oh where is it you want to go watch
pervert how's your room looking is it
clean
where's what your room is it clean
Where's Waldo how's your room is it
clean why is you guys's room not clean
why do I love Sun tarts so much more you
have it son tarts but was in yesterday's
vlog there we go are you embarrassed in
verse but then it's like everyone has
anyways yeah well when I was my butt
shows way more in a blog than your
little bit to ski
I asked Sun chard when I first found out
when I saw the comments I was like oh
dude sorry your butts in the vlog got me
to take it down he's like don't care I
said everybody has one you'll need to be
embarrassed
someone's little butt cheek he's won't
see my butt cheek here vlog this right
now he's will see my butt cheek let's
make you feel better already but my butt
cheek is on youtube if you know where to
find it
future yeah I want to see on your
YouTube what's your favorite YouTube
video uh spider-man you like spider-man
a lot don't you ok what did you want to
show them and I want to show you three
things it's for Dolph okay okay so first
would you okay it starts it's a big
thing first okay
okay so first this little lemonade thing
follow us it's a lemonade well yeah that
for dolls you know there's this stuff
you got in New York it's collectible oh
so you have to set it nicely somewhere
on a shelf
hmm I don't know why what has a straw no
I have a sock of lemonade has a straws
oh let me show you two okay two more
things quickly because we can't sleep
all day we got a room to clean
showers outside or are you trying to
distract us so you don't have to clean
hmm this fella phones divert foam
therapy and I don't know it's just like
here but it says is it a happy birthday
cake of some sort how cute now the last
thing is all ready oh I want an tonight
she she um was playing with it and she
took a brownie of it did it come on
yeah that's collectible could take a cap
off of it this is plastic let me see it
I miss it we think it a good mechanic
what do you guys want a brownie mom nom
nom nom
so I had plans just dude smoking weed
over here behind his car and now I feel
like he's gonna be super paranoid that
he sees me playing the camera out and
now I don't feel comfortable vlogging
because he's staring over I just saw him
smoking a joint he has this trunk open
he's smoking a joint and he's like super
annoyed he keeps looking over at me dude
just smoke your joint I want a vlog quit
looking at me I'm not the cops now he's
acting like he's stretching his neck I'm
not gonna vlog oh man is two guys
rubbernecking me hard do we uh it's
trying to hide I want a pan over but I
don't want to incriminate anybody you
guys know how it is in Venice Beach
everybody's smoking the pot anyways
I'm going to this meeting real quick um
it is I seriously don't feel comfortable
because I feel like I'm making this guy
uncomfortable because he keeps looking
over he's like really fidgety now I
would love to pan over and show you guys
but I don't want to incriminate anybody
all right I'll talk to you later I gotta
go ahead and go to a meeting I see you
moon I see you you're looking cool and
bright tonight right here in Venice
Beach love we can see the full moon it's
still daylight it's a cool looking so my
schedules all messed up cuz I was up at
4 in the morning last night working on
this book pinch you guys there might be
a book coming from the shaycarl
industries pretty soon I had to write
four of my book ideas and I had to like
flush them all out and plus I knew that
I had that stampy cat shoot today so I
had to have the vlog edited by last
night because I wasn't have time today
because our call time was 10:00 a.m. to
like 4:00 in the afternoon so I went to
bed at 4:00 in the morning after I
edited the vlog and wrote up for book
concepts and then I woke up at 8:00 got
four hours of sleep got ready to go to
the stampy cat shoot did the shoot and
then I just woke up from like a 3-hour
nap and I have this meeting so I'm kinda
like all mixed up
mixed up messed up I'm feeling like
really nostalgic right now you know we
flipped right here in Venice Beach for
years now I feel like our lifes are
really about to change pretty soon you
know the maker studios Disney Deal just
closed it's officially a done deal when
our lease is up on our house here in
another month and I'm just like what are
we gonna do next man what we're gonna do
we're gonna we're gonna be very blessed
here in a week or so
because you know we owned a lot of
shares in maker studios and we're going
to be in a lot of different financial
situations uh yeah you know I'm talking
about but I don't want to talk about a
lot because I just feel I feel weird
talking about it maybe we'll I don't
know you know you guys have heard me say
the most sensitive part of a man is his
wallet so I know jealousy can run
rampant and I want to talk about it but
it's you know I just feel like it's
bragging or something so I don't know I
just feel very nostalgic for the fact
that our life and that aspect is going
to change it feels good that we'll never
have to worry about money again that's
very refreshing and just to know that my
kids will never have to all sleep on the
same mattress on the floor again do you
guys remember when we very first moved
to Los Angeles go back and watch the
videos from four years ago Gavin Avia
and Emmy all three had to sleep on the
same mattress on the floor because we
were so broke now three years later I
could buy them all ten beds each if I'd
Nate if I wanted to so it feels good I
just I don't know I feel there's a we're
right on the verge of our lives changing
a lot
and I don't know how they're gonna
change but I'm excited to see very
excited okay so I'm actually here
meeting with the Bishop of my church
because we are you guys remember a
couple weeks ago I talked about maybe
doing a fireside where we talked about
our beliefs we're going to do that
I have announced it I don't want to say
now here on the vlog because I feel like
there's already too many people coming
so if you know where I announced it at
then you're welcome to come but I'm just
worried about having too many people
there so we're gonna go chat about that
right now and it's a beautiful evening
the Sun is setting the moon is out I
feel very blessed and lucky to be alive
feel grateful to have a healthy body a
beautiful wife and happy healthy
children feel very blessed and happy
indeed thanks big guy I love you ok we
did it
it looks better than it did the carpet
still need cleaned but it looks better
than it did have some stuff to give away
and uh yeah hey dude you need clothes on
guru it your clothes on what I can't
feel like clothes on kids
we're getting closer we're getting
closer spring cleaning is an ongoing
process and we'll just keep working on
it we'll see if my baby's home is my
baby home I think I hurt my baby where
did it go
I love hey what he's home
my baby mabye Rizzo hey Danny I child my
baby Wow baby boy I love him he is my
pride and joy my little lovely lad I
just need in a ball your fault I've seen
a song you need meet my jock my child my
precious baby boy my child my child I'll
chop his floating oh hey wait I haven't
seen this room since I left it it is
really already I want it you are way
behind oh you are wearing your sweater
your pogo sticking room in here now what
happened Wow hey Missy my new Jordan's
send-off Thunder Jordan okay what is
chilling for I can bounce in right now
shake it up although my George okay
okay okay see here I'm sorry I gotta my
guys already okay I'm getting really
close buddy shut up she's really proud
are you getting low like a foot away I
put six inches ready to go don't zoom in
what i'ma do hammer cool you're doing
that right
I don't want you to Pogo on my handgun
you just clean that bed you're not gonna
say anything to him I would say get off
my bed it's just made I'm gonna sleep on
it anyways so yeah that's logic babe
you're a great poker I know I can pogo
stick all night if you ask me to okay
Bobo stick all night
well since you asked like you he would
to my bed happy pogoing all right am I
gonna go upstairs and see a clean room
uh-huh I better be I don't see a clean
room I'm gonna be yelling and hollering
and biting and cussing it's spitting not
cussing yeah cuz I'll cut some storm
you better not cuss cause if you cuss
you cuss is it between have you ever
swore no guys ever swear man oh you
swore your head oh really
you vacuumed the floor you guys have so
many accoutrement it's ridiculous you
hung up oh nice our New York portrait
big good no the the driver brought it
back no I lost it yeah baby tard left
hers in the uber all right looks good
guys I didn't you didn't you know mine
mine crumbs like I've done my best
oh yeah you lost in the airport all
right looks good bedtime just climbed
the daddy tree
it okay good night I love you guys see
you in the morning okay
would you look at that beautiful end
slate I like that one you guys like that
one
Wow rock card say something cute
everybody likes when you say something
cute okay hey hey guys this is me saying
something cute hey guys this is me
saying something cute thank you back
stand back buddy
Adi oh yeah Gavin mommy and dad tell him
to click on those boxes right now okay
coming on the field lucky fan video and
just daddy saying feeling lucky and the
yesterday's video is mom making a kissy
face cuz everyone needs a kiss of course
an AV I was just looking at this insight
she's like we've made one baby for all
those five years so if you want to see
what our family was doing click on those
numbers hey do you guys remember when we
live in that one house and you guys were
sleeping you had to sleep on a mattress
on the floor with your brother we always
fight over yeah I know cuz we thought
monsters would oh really so you guys
want that you guys fought over who got
to sleep in the middle that's funny who
won you won mostly oh the truth comes
out okay I love you guys see you
tomorrow same to tell you tomorrow guys
