are you sure you're scaring me okay
let's see it door okay check it out you
guys we are here at this Nazi encampment
place if you have been watching my vlogs
for a while you may have remember the
last time I was here down there who
remembers I'm gonna leave that as a
trivia Shaytards trivia we are here what
are these mountains called where we are
Palisades and Dena's site that's from
Encino man okay I'm gonna show you guys
some locations and you see if you can
tell me when I was here last in what
video I was shooting how're you doing
rock hard you got a good uncle they're
packing you through the sagebrush oh gee
this is a steep hill that we're
descending so we just got done with a
father and son campout up here in
California a camp called Camp Joseph oh
and we did it last year I think you guys
might remember but that's not the answer
to the trivia but we're coming down here
hiking to go look at this spot now we're
taking a shortcut oh my goodness
gracious
like dirt all in my shoes all right yeah
I brought boat shoes to go on a mountain
hike all right here we are at the
location who remembers simply Senate
meeting with rocky dope cut cut cut
let's see do three pull-ups on that
branch Casey what's that dude I don't
know but I'm gonna run in it the maze
four little boys like you so right in
there is where I had a battle last time
we were here at this location the last
time this wasn't here lame why does the
government have to ruin everything used
to be a cool place you could come in and
hang out and now it's like let's put a
fence around it and ruin everybody spawn
we can't no the government said we can't
go in there you have a bolt cutter see
if you can squeeze in between the fence
can your head squeeze between them
what's this wrong here
oh and never breaking the law and it's
on YouTube and we're not we're not
teaching our kids a good example now I'm
not gonna let you out all right you're
stuck in there dude
finally some peace and quiet nope you're
stuck nude they're coming they're coming
run get out get out get out you wanted
to get in so bad now it's a good effort
hurry there governor commie get out oh
she's like wait I'm on the other side
chatted uncle K she's gonna hurt me we
found this on the trail my father
knocked the wind out of me so bad fire
you mean under doggy all right hold on
tight I wanna bite your but ready no
push higher give you dead in the head
how high can you go super super hot
come on Casey give me what you got on
time can you jump to me look how high he
is off the ground come on jump to me
I'll catch you
okay here uncle Casey film jump you
nervous you're acting kind of nervous
job Tameka here I have to turn my camera
off because sheäôs of film is curvy
okay ready jump ready I got you right
here just jump two hours I got you you
can do it one two three go oh you say
thumbnail guys thumbnail buh buh bum
ready jump i-23 oh yeah we see some cool
stuff this is like a little kid's
fantasy we're finding rope swings we're
finding cool trees to climb on this is
amazing
talk about a tree to put your treehouse
in this is a sweet one try not to fall
and stab your eye out did it
rah yeah we scared rock tarts so bad
earlier Casey snuck in there
and it scared rotten turns over rock are
we scared you in there huh did you get
scared you were you seemed pretty scared
why'd you start crying love the
confidence love the confidence go foot
in the thing oh yeah oh yeah I'm making
the fat kid go first got a chain on it
what have you come back why'd you say
trunk what is with your swing and then
come back and get hit dude if this rope
breaks coming back I'll do it I would go
over or Tyler's at and swing around and
get it tight and then go Elijah go the
other way I should go that way Yeah
right here thank you guys we're thinking
you were using our hands okay guys ready
yeah
oh it's great laughing okay huh all
right later dude that was awesome
was that great guys let's go come on we
got to go to lunch Rock H come up here
if you're gonna do it you're gonna fall
and die
all right spider-man's on it now hold on
tight
you're high off the ground buddy stuff
fun ya little scaredy I'm Peter Pan one
more time
most people wouldn't let their
three-year-old swing from a 20-foot rope
swing but why not good job buddy
is first giant rope swing at three years
old were you at Devin Supertramp we need
a good superhero good job dude all right
I gotta do it one more time I hit my
foot on the rock last time so I have to
conquer this thing okay
so we're dropping down into the skully
right off of the spray-painted tree
there is a chain I'm gonna get swinging
out there far ready the great thing
about this is you just show up and
you're just trusting whoever built this
hopefully whoever built this was
somewhat of an engineer and kind of
could tell how much that tree could hold
and the knots could hold okay ready
probably a hippie
ready I'm bailing hope you don't break
you're gonna do
thanks for the condolences ready oh you
got it that rock again the landing is
better than the takeoff good work guys
all right we gotta climb on out of here
now
climb up there stairway to heaven so
apparently you guys this was a Nazi camp
there was a guy who was a Nazi
sympathizer and he thought that Hitler
was gonna win the war and so he built
this compound so that what Hitler won
you have a place to stay when he came to
America didn't work out so much for me
look at that tears falling you rock are
one step at a time climbing up the
stairs
Little Miss rocked our let's do a fast
motion montage go
it's me okay continue yeah made it to
heaven
and she's buying the stairway to heaven
you wondered let me carry you now oh
what our daddies for what's daddy's for
huh what our daddies mom
Oh boom look at that delicious notion
how do you end a man trimmer get some
man food what's this place called tailor
plan check I just had a kale salad cuz
I'm on shayloss my blog would be up
today good measure he was smashing that
ketchup in there rock cards have a
grilled cheese sandwich except for spike
cake how much bacon is the bacon could
make this bird fly away your hands are
hanging out
I'll get out beard getting that bacon
that yummy not so good we had all of his
macaroni right he had all his grilled
cheese sandwich yeah here's old mommy
tires
here's rock guard back all right so
what's going on here is Sun tar
double-dared burns it's hard to sing
prose and as loud as she can and she's
really embarrassed let's hear it
she's not doing and she's just sitting
there being shy now she needs maybe
tired to be her coverage oh well they're
gonna fall in the pool
maybe tarts not doing it
don't fall in the pool so we are at Sun
tarts water polo banquet where he's
gonna get his trophies
so everybody's eating and we're
listening to music and then they're
gonna swim any second
we have another performer yeah good job
oh let's going on here big brother
teaching little brother how to be
spider-man spider-man funny
hey bro darn okay that's how you do it I
think I got it
where does the web come out of should
teach him rock-hard you teach him how to
shoot the web show tonight the web the
right place in the fame always tried to
do the eye thing again he's going to
look at it
Oh get your medal that ah twist what are
you doing you're watching the video
again toss my god twelve others is the
mom videos no it's in my video that may
have a cry sis to eat video for Mother's
Day
cuz it's Mother's Day today and today
we're going to make clay because baby
tart has a project it's a dinosaur
project and it's a family project so we
all get to work on it it's kind of fun
so let's make some clay
okay we've got all the dry ingredients
mixed cornstarch salt flour I think
that's all we need and now we're going
to put warm water in it and hope that it
is together all right here's the clay I
think that's the right consistency now
baby tribes gonna make a volcano for her
project these guys are gonna make some
other crazy stuff I think I want to make
a crazy thing after okay okay let's
split up the place she's efficient at
least I kiss I squish it you can squish
it will probably probably need to make
some more you don't get any no you don't
know you don't but you don't mind he's
gonna get some baby food bananas
those are his favorite aside he's a
little monkey happy Mother's Day
happy Mother's Day happy mothers having
Mother's Day - I are looking hard and
it's so so sweet double as a double so
alright can I sure tell the story about
the card real quick okay so I was a
little bit of a procrastinator haha cuz
I'm the total jerk and I'm always just
thinking of myself because I'm selfish
just really good at last-minute things
thanks that's a good way to put it
okay so listen here's the story I ran to
the CVS and I ran to the card section of
the store and the selection let's just
say was limited there was like 0
Mother's Day cards left except for two
they were in Spanish I thought I don't
think she reads Spanish but this was
like the only one left and the very
front little blurb of the card is
exactly how I feel and I always say it
to Colette
whenever we go somewhere or out in
public or to an event I always feel so
much more confident if I'm with Colette
says I'm always so proud when I say
that's my wife
and then it says some really sweet stuff
in here because I am such a sweet guy
but you can't read it as a secret okay
open up your little trinket box and I'm
going to chain saw finished off by the
end of the day that's 18 pounds of
Russell Stover chocolates
see and look I know you know how I
usually hate this stuff because I feel
like it's a waste I got that because I
know that you think it's cute oh it's
cute I'm gonna wear these are you
offense are you offensive no offended
that I got you a onesie that's for you
buddy it's for you that's for you okay I
got you a onesie even though it's
Mother's Day I knew that she would like
it chapstick what else what else
Barkley I needed to do my toes thanks
for getting me thought that was really
cute I got some handsome because you
have germs on you all the time I got flu
it looks very long they say glue I liked
it I can keep my coat I go blue okay
just like fun little truth it's dinner
stick your schnoz are
that and tell me what you experienced
right cinnamon pecan Sorrell what does
that remind you of Christmas and fall
time remember when we had us candle like
that we did it wasn't exactly like this
yeah that was me live in North Carolina
we lived in North Carolina we had a
candle similar to that when we first got
married because it I was pregnant and
you know how you're sensitive to the
other ones I was I got too sensitive and
then I got you another terrible Averett
sin I know that's why I got it because I
love you I know you took I love anything
with apples in it little dented canister
hmm that's what smells so good apple
cinnamon yeah we did a little bit of
water so more cute words bees baby stuff
nothing I was just talking to somebody
that said the Burt's Bees was a really
nice okay Lee yeah she likes a lead on
hmm I remember kissing you many of times
yeah right I haven't worn this for a
long you guys know how good of a mom you
have right probably one of the best
mother's out of all motherhood
where are our sons lips that was in that
one they're probably doing weed I did
tell him to get changed and hurry and
help clean the house because we have to
make dinner for mom her you guys change
let's get this house clean oh we can
open this what's my deal oh yeah little
melty they were in the van for a bit I
love you happy Mother's Day you are
seriously an amazing mom and wife you're
my best friend and the person that I
will spend eternity with all right baby
charge we see the rest of your project
it is Sunday night Mother's Day night
and we just finished it well it's almost
finished
what does it need it me Louisville
community volcano you want to put love
in the volcano look what I found
paint Oh some red norwich paint we're
gonna try to make some lava coming out
of this volcano just a little bit to
make up nice and colorful and this is
gonna be the best project ever I think
yours is already the best and you have a
drip mustache that's the best part of it
yeah yeah what kind of a dinosaur is
this do you know I'm trying I'm trying
it on I don't even know should we google
it
I don't even know what that one's called
I bet you some of you know and you're
telling me right now like Colette its
Domitian the who but it's got your hands
on its ran it on okay
let's google it all right do you know
the name of this we just googled it
chill mm ah no not even close so the
Dean Pteranodon no that's a tea it's
called the Diplodocus Diplodocus is this
how much you guys hi-yah
what hey hold on
come over here Diplodocus all right all
right
oh my goodness okay I was not ready for
that but yes I love ya get the camera to
show the finished project of the process
yeah we're doing we have one missing you
eyeball what do you think I think that's
pretty neato I think ma was in the
Jurassic period I sure as heck visit
your box but uh if you got shrunk all
right explain to me what we're dealing
with here give me a grand tour of the
box of the dinosaurs can you do that
it's your project you have to practice
so you can explain it tomorrow at school
get in there and explain it okay from me
looks pretty self-explanatory all right
let's hear about it what's going on
I don't think he's listening here you
got a parachute he's not listening to
you all right it's bedtime we're
treading these kids in bed did you have
a good Mother's Day Mother's Day you did
such a great job thanks babe he made all
the dinner and cleaned it all up
and he got me chocolate and I got
cookies good and I cooked steak and
chicken I should have shown it
trust me I take my word for it it was
delicious he even did it without Casey
okay what is that yeah
Casey's usually when we have big family
dinners Casey's usually the one who
makes it all but I did it today all
right well I think your project looks
great I think you'll get an a-plus so
what do you do just pour the paint on
the volcano I'm thinking what do you
think maybe they don't get baking soda
and water so it can actually erupt
are we allowed to do that no I I can't
make feeder up well that's lame kind of
school you go into all right good night
everybody
happy Mother's Day I love you we'll see
you tomorrow I hope you wished your mom
a Happy Mother's Day
what you know jump
coming out of the way that's far are you
sure you're scaring me okay let's see it
darn he's fearless in this video he's
jumping up stairs of doing 20-foot rope
swings rocked art my name is dad yes
let's see it go hey watch this
if he says J oh yeah you're smart
all right good night guys say goodbye to
the mom love you guys bye
hep hep hep happy Mother's Day happy
Mother's Day
welcome to the shaped our goals if the
first time you watched one be sure to
subscribe
dig on and read but tune if you don't
see what's 8 hearts doing one year go
click on that one numero uno 2 3 4 5 -
Gael you today's Laura feel lucky click
on delonghi we'll see you tomorrow yeah
