we're last
future is where
two lives
hey guys remember a couple weeks ago he
gave that huge shout out to tribe Tyler
at the time he had like 6000 subscribers
now he has over 60,000 Papa yo that's a
lot so a huge thank you to you guys and
like I said in that videos my homies at
Squarespace we're gonna hook Tyler up
with free web design and one year of
free hosting well the homies at
Squarespace went above and beyond and
they decided to give Tyler three count
of uno dos trÃªs anos of free web
hosting now his site is done they've
been working on it for the last couple
weeks and it looks amazing and as I said
I'm gonna go by that original stenciled
piece he did of my Los Angeles marathon
and I'm so excited to hang it in my
office where should we put it next to my
Dave Ramsey picture of my mirror I gotta
find a place in here to hang some
pictures now with all this excitement
and good news for Tyler there was
actually some bad news that happened in
his life for those of you who went and
subscribed and who are watching tribe
feathers videos every day you know what
happened about a week ago his
girlfriend's dad had a heart attack and
passed away and it I could say a million
things the one thing I do want to say
about it is how impressed and proud I
was of Tyler and how he handled it I
mean his girlfriend's dad was like a
father to Tyler if you had watched his
videos he was in them all the time I was
saying to Colette just like a couple
days before he passed away I was like
Tyler's girlfriend's dad is hilarious he
was like cooking up cinnamon rolls and
killing spiders in the kitchen and I'm
like this guy's funny you could tell he
liked being on camera you could tell
that he was so excited about this new
Eckstein Oh new YouTube thing for Tyler
and his girlfriend and then without
warning he had a heart attack and passed
away and the main thing that I was so
impressed is how well Tyler handled it
all and it made me feel so glad that we
chose him to give that dogpile of love
to because hindsight's 20/20 who knew
that that was going to happen so if you
haven't please go subscribe to Tyler
they can use more love than ever right
now their family is very strong and like
I said I'm very impressed with the way
that they you know dealt with this
situation it just goes to show that
vloggers and and people on YouTube are
real people this is real life
this isn't some Hollywood scripted show
this isn't the Kardashians this isn't
some Ryan Seacrest production these are
real people this isn't scripted this
isn't fake drama that is put on TV just
so that people can be like oh they said
this they said this this is real life
these are real people showing you and
welcoming you them into their families
I just feel grateful that I could be
part of their story and I felt connected
to them I feel connected to their family
I was watching the funeral the other day
and I just I felt like I wanted to be
there and hug Tyler and hug all of their
family and you know if you saw the video
you saw that they went to their local
town and the entire football stadium was
filled this guy was like a local hero
and I just feel blessed to be just a
small part of their life and I'm so
grateful for Squarespace and for them
putting this whole thing together
they're the ones that you know made this
all possible so if you ask me
Squarespace is the very best and only
place to build and host a website so if
you guys signed up for a free trial
membership you guys make it a real
membership take that leap what is the
business that you wanted to start what's
the idea what's the one thing you've
always wanted to try so go to
Squarespace comm /a and get yourself a
membership build yourself a website
start that business or dream you've
always wanted to do and do it today so
like I said I'm going to be choosing
more than just one person for this
because of the success of this like dog
pile of love with Tyler we're gonna do
this more often and in fact that is one
of the main reasons why I was just in
New York pitching my new show idea
called Shay life
we are gonna choose one person every
other month to just blow up to find that
special somebody who's just been needing
that little extra shove that super
talented person that could if they just
had a little bit of exposure they could
be worldwide they could be the next big
thing
so because of Squarespace because of
Tyler and because of all of you we're
gonna help out a lot of people okay it's
gonna be really exciting check out the
links below go subscribe to Tyler go to
his brand new website that was just
redesigned by Squarespace it's WW tyler
shelton art comm go check it out buy
yourself a stencil get yourself a shake
our Los Angeles marathon print I'm gonna
buy the original Tyler will sell me the
original
right I haven't actually even asked him
if he'll sell me the original I might
have to settle for a print anyways check
out all the links below love you guys
and as always thank you so much for the
support and stay tuned because you could
be the next one who gets a giant dog
pile of love you're not close republic
right cuz we're getting on top yeah haha
that's weird
your feet are dirty I think they need to
go into the bathtub
yep do you think you need to take a bath
huh do you think you need to be thrown
on a beanbag you sure no hey guys what's
going on how's it go when okay so real
quick we have some old footage you old
footage yeah so there's still some
footage that mommy tard got while we
were in New York City and she couldn't
send it to me because I wasn't working
for some reason so I'm gonna include it
here
kay is that cool with you guys please
it's still good still good footage she's
just old and stale I really hardly got
any footage yesterday because I was so
tired after we got back from New York I
was exhausted so if I was to a filmed it
have been this and that's boring alright
so here's the rest of today's vlog and
there's some footage from yesterday okay
I Love You Man
you want to show them what happened yeah
so on I got trip I got turkey bathies
and yes the beasts fly the bee stung me
with a stinger didn't eat yeah and
they eat a shark what it's sharp
yeah a P sharp sharp it says sharp and
it's sharp keep my boy you wanna Lofa
wait tell us more about this stuff feel
better this happy catch some jumbo Lego
yeah this happened at Brailey engages
house
I guess he tried to pick up a B in the
backyard and it stung him
I felt so bad he came in crying Kaylee
put some lavender oil on it and he
stopped crying and he went right back
outside to play so he was pretty tough
he was a lot tougher than I was when I
first got my first bee sting when I was
about 10 or 11 years old I'm not that
baby I whined about it all day long and
he's fine yes oh you got a spider-man on
your nose hi your daddy's coming home
today
your daddy's coming home and your
brother and your sister look he's got
his hands going he's got his spirit
fingers going jazz hands jazz hands oh
I'm excited we're just getting ready for
them to come home got the house sort of
clean Florida done got it a little bit
and we're going to make some Golden
Grahams s'mores mostly I was going to
make a thumb to bring them to Kaylee
because I'm gonna bring her dinner
tonight but I think that oh yeah do you
like Golden Grahams s'mores uh Jen hands
jazz hands spirit and her spirit fingers
keep them going I think that Shane then
will probably want some too so I might
have to make a lot I like that a lot of
really good anyways um and I'm watching
the vlog watching the vlogs yeah
Shaytards bugs I'm in a really good mood
because I miss my family and it's been
lonely without them rock hard
do you miss your daddy yeah you and me
locking he didn't go to Idaho this time
remember he went to New York he keep
saying they went to Idaho because last
time we got on the plane we went to
Idaho
they went to New York feels excited to
see them yesterday in the car he goes
mom what's daddy coming away and I go
tomorrow no one remember what else you
happy come song and then he goes it's
just you and me mom you and me and
Paxton ha ha you're my best friend
huh Cleo squirrel yep squirrels on
Curious George I love you look at this
look at that dude why are you doing huh
are you attacking the plant you can't do
that I forget he's getting longer arms
now okay stop eating plants oh no he's
in the darkest abyss where did he go
they're like oh man maybe abyss all he
made it our way Oh what and the waste
we're the race now under fire waste okay
sometimes your language is hard for me
to understand but if you could just
translate hey are you excited to see dad
yeah sorry about that
yes ma'am oh oh
dog poops on me ever again Ian Juby
camera piece no drop it okay okay bye
Hey stinker yes Shankar
Oh tickle me dick Oh yo okay okay you
want to tell Dad anything while he's
still gone this deadly dad get a
sandwich too dad my family's legacy yeah
I can't pick you up from your feet like
dad can are you excited for him to come
back and I can put my feet in your face
here's my paint interface hey you want
my finger bag oh he's almost home yeah I
just caught you what are you just gonna
ask her if you had my camera bag laughs
oh really
yeah I haven't either I'm tired man can
I have jet lag my laggy go anywhere I'm
glad to be home with you that smells
good beef stew mama turns making beef
stew just chilling does smell very
delicious I don't wanted to make it for
like four days
really what good
it's good to be home excited to be with
my family again it's funny like over the
years I've started to like traveling
less and less I mean I used to love
traveling airports hotels taxi cabs I
was also interesting to me it meant like
a whole different world what was so
exciting just opening the hotel room for
the first door and getting on an
airplane and looking out the window and
all of that was like whole new world and
now I'm just like all sometimes that's
more fun when we do it together yeah I
think more than anything we just take
being apart I know that sounds cheesy
but we even if it's for a couple days
like the night before I have to leave to
go on a trip I'm just I feel like I
don't want to go laundry I do I feel
laundry because I just I don't want to
leave it sucks and then as soon as we're
back together it's like I just feel that
warm night in the world I felt that way
too and you I could tell that rocked
heart felt that way he missed us I had a
dream about him last night actually a
dream about rock tart I dreamed that he
was our parent he was my parents kid and
they hadn't adopted him or like we were
like thinking about adopting him and
then we were going home they're like we
can't afford the adoption I'm like what
I'm like I'll pay it and they're like no
you can't pay it I'm like what no cuz we
were like playing with him and he wasn't
my son he was like he was like my
parents son and like we were going to
this place to play with him but they had
to like pay to adopt him and it was like
so fun playing with him or hanging out
then it was time to go home and like
okay he has to stay here at the agency
and I'm like what no I was so mad in my
dream I was like yelling at mom and dad
like no we can't afford it
I might all pay for it I don't care what
it costs he's coming home with us
it's a weird dream oh I know then I woke
up and I'm like oh he's my child I'm so
glad
at school he was he goes mom what does
Gavin come home yeah my girl he'll be
home soon
you go get the kids now he's excited
really excited today you say he said you
do the day's like just you and me mom I
was so cute we were in the car what's
mom I'm just daddy and and the kids get
home and I was like not for a while it's
just you and me mom you said that the
other day when you went to pick up the
kids I was here with rock hard and I
heard him run down the stairs open the
front door and look to see if Colette's
van tile friends like oh she's not here
just you and me dad was adorable that
smells good I think stew yeah I mean he
likes it her own together when he's
happy with the ball he's a Content
little child he is is that that's Ron's
car yeah who are we coming to see he's
already gone you ready the podcast thank
you thank you you look beautiful today
thank you
oh well honey you always look beautiful
oh so excited baby girl you know he kept
saying we go to see Sesame or make a
studio
really this is seriously McFly right now
I fell asleep and he's been around for
like half hour your big cuddly teddy
bear see once you lose weight you don't
get as
he's just like he just wants that con
man feel good I knew when I wanted a
good nap that large 300-pound man went
on an airplane and there's like a 300
guys like on and I just cuddle with you
real quick dude yeah it's not working so
well over here we don't get Owen I
really don't get to go back you never
get to go back no sorry about that
sister anything this is amazing well he
was he is part of the Shaytards
household so yeah seriously
oh all right you guys know my favorite
labor is child labor we got rock guard
Peyton sets here at maker studios Remmy
are you supervising this oh yeah he's
doing a great job doing a job now that
whole I need all of these pallets pink
for a Bart Baker parody you better have
it done by this weekend all right
all right this is a set for Bart Baker
they're building and Roger it's helping
it's like on a try your memories gonna
have to redo this whole thing now rock
hard all right good job you ready to go
not yet I mean he's doing your job for
it he's doing a poor job at it oh I'm
impressed though
so the footage that you just saw is from
today of us at maker studios so
basically in this vlog there's footage
from two days ago last night and today
it's all big stuff and it's all over the
place but we'll get back on track on
Monday I promise
but you guys there will be a video up on
the wind the kids go to sleep podcast
tomorrow we shot a podcast today talking
about Mother's Day we called and ordered
flowers for my mom live on the podcast
it was pretty hilarious so click on that
feeling lucky button and you can see the
last podcast where we talk about an
addiction an addiction that I have an
addiction that probably a lot of you
have if you haven't seen it check out
the brand new when this kids go to sleep
podcast click on that film lucky button
and there will be a brand new episode
tomorrow morning Saturday click on
yesterday's vlog see what the Shaytards
were doing five four three two and one
year ago and if you want to see more of
our videos and be part of the family and
a part of our journey click that red
subscribe button right up there on the
top of the screen alright we love you
guys we will see you on Monday unless
you watch the podcast tomorrow links
below
