do I love your music ah got him
I'm sorry walk it through oh hi right
picture sure I just stopped in to run up
to him kiss him on the cheek yeah dad
tell you that's how you really are a fan
of somebody you kiss them in the airport
through less
hey let's ask these guys Kasim I think
it might be I think we should go get
cash should we go get an ATM sold I know
it's all this room and they just saw
three bucks here it's like one for each
kid do you tip when you leave a hotel
room this is a maid's do you always did
you leave a tip and I get the hotel
pissed oh thank you that's right and I
don't even let him in my room
you don't ever because I don't want them
rummaging through my stuff do you always
put a Do Not Disturb sign on your door
when you leave
really yeah do you feel like they're
gonna rummage through your stuff you
know I'd like to think most people are
good but yeah I'm very never marinated
do you and then also do tip haircut
people that's an interesting
conversation who do you tip yeah it's
different rules from the in the States
yeah they put people in the in Europe
they don't tip anybody when they go out
to eat they don't tip waitresses oh okay
let's go we're in go to toy stores you
guys ready is ready let's do this you
guys check it out this New York magazine
you guys remember Eunice from
yesterday's vlog or two days ago the
girl that sent flowers to my dad she
brought this to me yesterday check it
out
there I am NOT will.i.am but there I am
Shay Carl I don't know what this is it's
like all the approval matrix apparently
I made it on the approval matrix who
that's why you're not on the approval
matrix probe holder dude you know what
my seconds like there's nothing there my
second most viewed video is your butt
cracks oh come on you didn't he is
trying to clean up his image all right
we're headed just some toy stores you
guys this is a
check it out I'm in this book you guys
that's why it's a big moment from it's a
super immersion where let's watch us
let's go over here and vlog sorry it's
my buddy castle guys I am in this book
listen listen listen
oh look where's the other book see if
you guys can come dude okay this whole
journey of Thunder TV you can find me in
there no when I first started on this
journey many many years ago I used to
just camp out in the self-help section
of the book stores no it's like I wrote
something in there so Dave Ramsey you
guys know I love got me started on this
path of living a smarter financially and
it's just all about reading books that
will help you better your life and this
is where I would live I would come to
the business the entrepreneurship the
personal finance and the self-help
section and just read books and buy
books I couldn't afford that many books
so I would just come in the bookstore
and just chill and read now that I am
back here and there is a little blurb
that I wrote in the bookstore that's a
first step to have a netbook one day oh
you see it okay so here's the front
cover it's on the second page read it go
ahead read it will save our economy his
daughter Rachel has been for tutors and
Mark gospel since the fish book should
be required reading for every parent
that
spend the retirement asking their
twenty-something ultra when they're
going to the raggedy Jack should call
you to personality you should get a copy
that's so if you guys go to the
bookstore there it is Dave Ramsey and
Rachel Cruz that's his daughter smart
money smart kids
you guys will read this yeah to the
daughter well hello daughter Reggie I'm
getting this right now that's so cool
man that's like a whole circle for me to
have a little thing that I wrote not
only in a book in the self-help section
but in a Dave Ramsey that's okay I go by
this book real quick
I mean it's dreams come true right there
that's so cool that's where I'm kissing
you Dave not your daughter do you know
I'm in that book yeah my name's in that
book you wanted me to show you yeah
check it out look here on the second
page right here I just want to let you
guys know just in case you're wondering
see right here shaycarl that's me
I wrote that that cool yeah I'm going to
check it out and I wrote in the state
Ramsey butter so like whenever you're
walking around the store you can go just
read that part that I wrote over and
over thank you
yeah sure why not wait no this can you
pay cash for that you got to start
teaching kids about money now see look
smart kid smart move we think it'd be
smart to let me buy her that let her get
that right now or should I make her work
for it
okay you pay for it I should buy it but
it's a maybe should I make her buy it a
book right I should encourage the buying
of books okay I'll buy it the Barnes and
Noble ladies that I should buy it for
you is it a book though look this is
like a pad but maybe she'll be in
literature okay I'll get it for her
thank you guys for helping me come to
this decision see it takes there you go
it takes a village it takes a Barnes &
Noble employees staff to raise a child
that's the same right you guys Nolan
Ryan
baseball pitcher one of the greatest
pitchers of all time Nolan Ryan throw me
a fastball Nolan there's baseball fans
out there with baseballs want him to
sign it one of the greatest pitchers of
all time Nolan Ryan that's pretty cool
that's a pitcher he used to be Nolan
Ryan yeah I got a net on yeah that's
cool all right on to the toy store
New York's awesome yeah yeah he's a
famous baseball player all right where
we at ladies this is not the entrance to
the American Girl doll store Oh
all right it's we're basically visiting
every toy store in the city first stop
the American Girl doll store okay check
it out that is a lot of creepy dolls
where's the dude dolls Mehta what he's
asking Harris we saw him just hang on
I'm having him read my blurb and the
smart money smart kids Dave Ramsey has
created a financial we already read it
Jackson we don't read it again and it's
just such a good book go read it we'll
be back we're gonna find some toys they
have everything you can imagine crutches
wheelchairs circus doggies flutes
violins they sell every accessory that
you can imagine let's do dinner table
salt and pepper shakers you have
vlogging cameras there you go that's our
mission to find a camera to find one of
these American Girl dolls holding a
camera all right listen you guys we have
a mission we have to find a camera an
American Girl doll camera because we
want to see if there's a vlogger
American Girl doll No
she's like that's uncool bad we're
looking for cameras
it's so awesome dad all right we'll find
something you want to get so is that
considered a baby baby grand piano
because that's a baby grand piano for
babies for baby American girl baby dolls
does it play actually just set them up
and look at I would actually plays most
than your non I think dude that's
impressive
oh yeah all right we didn't find a
camera but they're arguing that they
have one you say they have a camera it
was her so it's a specifically American
Girl doll camera it just looks like just
so does American Girl doll cell cameras
do they will we ever know
look there's a science set beakers and a
telescope that's pretty cool hey you
guys want to tell them about your
business idea Jackson here you can
figure it out we haven't explained to
all I'll handle the pigeons right
America don't lurk of America dolls it's
accessories for Americans but Americans
like beer can I say annachi lawn chairs
yeah yeah it might be more yeah it's
just like raggedy yeah lalla real
america like you guys out there like
alabama that are watching this all these
dogs here have four legs our dogs at f3
cross-reference these girls they don't
have that yeah you know once we make bad
decisions around 15 or 16 the type that
hopefully Shay's daughter's idea I think
of the accessories like fast bones don't
give them more I dunno I mean if you're
gonna do if you're gonna do this idea
listen we have a lot of ideas for you
just keep well all the capitals coming
from Kassem G he's rich I'm rich at
Niner
right it would have been 1.1 billion but
you didn't take the relativity deal I
you know it's not about the money it's
not about wage it's just well all right
we have our American Girl doll
accessories now we're going to FAO
Schwarz oh my bad Road hey Jackson I
made your new cover song the mystery
video to yesterday's vlog really good
actually
normally your stuff sucks but that one
check out Jackson's new cover well who
is that I didn't recognize the song it's
by this guy Gary Clark jr. is an awesome
blues guitarist he's more independent
and not as well known mainstream so
Casson probably likes them right in the
back seat of a taxi no that was great no
you sounded good dude your voice was
like deep I felt the Blues soul check it
out if you didn't click on yesterday's
mystery video click on and see mr.
handsome pants singing in the back of a
cab
and myself I wind up with different
person came down somebody else
that should be now are the st. Patrick's
Cathedral Jackson this like one of most
famous churches in the world I'm not
sure on the world I know New York City
is linear I know there recently I'm
Jewish Madonna and she the Jesus Jesus
Jesus was here I believe the Cardinal of
New York was one of the people you see
Queen Elizabeth has been here I think
she'd come visitor feel like all the big
dignitaries and people when there's a
serious you have to put two dollars it's
two dollars you get two dollars so we're
just walking them in the streets of New
York City and Qasim spotted flash low
and founder of Tom you know fashion of
an icon Qasim spotted was hey there's
Tommy Hilfiger I got a selfie with them
Qasim's but I would normally just be
able to see a guy be like yeah I did
pretty good it's a good spot now I
remember in junior high where and Tommy
Hilfiger was like if you had Tommy Hill
figured you were cool or black or but
there we are guys the biggest toy store
in New York City FAO Schwartz wildlife
here in the toy store Bears do those are
full-sized really big opportunities
what's TMNT you should Nickelodeon
serious nothing what was that convention
you just went to you got underneath
WonderCon captain just got back from
WonderCon now he's a tweet junkie look
they got Ninja Turtles right here dude
he's more excited to be here than the
kids he's trying to hold back his
excitement right now cool it's cool now
run
alright son heard you can pick that toy
out too because they got American Girl
doll stuff
Kassem you can get a toy to you and
Jackson have big fat feet at the bottom
like the design what do you see Superman
alright Lucas has her eye on something
oh of course
out of the action figures right into the
dresses aren't you beautiful
alright we'll save up your 250 dollars
and you can get Glinda the Good Witch oh
the Wicked Witch she's beautiful oh
that's what's her name from yeah I know
her alright they're about to try the big
piano remember guys this from the movie
big with Tom hey the big piano I bet you
there's people in the world they're
actually like professional big piano
player YouTube videos like after that
after you wash your eye and give it a
thumbs up type in like big piano dancing
there's nothing people that are really
good at doubt that right right like
doing covers of yeah current songs
shaped hard kids are up next play
chopsticks
and he's just dancing
okay go one at a time there's another
kid on the big piano messing up the song
get out of the way other kid Joe run and
slide a profit
all right this is Shanna well we're in
my bag today
okay okay today so we came in and I saw
her looking at me and I like oh crap I'm
gonna get in trouble for filming and
actually she watches our videos I do yes
and I told her I said you must get so
annoyed because I believe in your for
like 30 seconds and it's like oh okay
enough she says she has a headache right
now thanks for watching our video you're
awesome
all right you guys get off the piano
shanae's sick of it alright mr. Batman
look at that hold Batman made out of
Legos that's impressive escapes drill
he's tall he's like six three stand next
to him Jackson let's put on a low
gravity day I guess another half inch
Batman that's cool all right we just
came out of the fao schwarz check it out
this is the Apple Store man we have some
cool stuff Jackson says it's 24 hours
and you go downstairs 24 hours the Apple
store is open that's crazy it's like
this giant glass box you walks down the
stairs this Apple security he's at the
security secur
dude he gave me he gave me the look okay
so all these people going down to
purchase some Apple stuff you're all
zombies Apple zombies sheeple lemmings
to the white phones was that an elevator
that's a cool design alright gotta get
in a cab and head back to the Hilton
here we go guys you tail us a cab watch
out back dub here we go
a real New Yorker just hailed us a cab
all right we finally made it to JFK or
to our gate via golf carts this nice
lady offered to give us a little ride
and the kids are burdened down with so
many presents and bags of gifts that it
looks ridiculous because they're all
trying to carry all this stuff so now
we're getting the fast track to the gate
what do you think about this first-class
service it's pretty fast huh yeah we're
cruising we're racing you guys we're
winning we're winning to run over at
least one person yeah baby cards on a
roller coaster up there when we went
Space Mountain put your hands up in the
air Sun card riding arrived we're
cruisin on through here excuse this ski
this pardon me pardon me coming through
farming really kicked off this thing so
we're given the people had 5 as we fly
by at 15 miles an hour oh yeah
from another driver extra points if you
get it from another guy in a car
there's dead that's me
look what that's me it is you don't
believe me look close
check this out checksum
genetic
- I love your music oh well I picture
sure I just stalking drivin up to him
kiss him on the cheek yeah bad tell you
that's how you really are a fan of
somebody you kiss them in the airport
she's a different style than anyone he's
cool huh he's very unique he's a rock
star rock stars are unique rock stars
are cool unique unique Bjork
so that was hilarious he's you guys know
Travis right the lead singer of we the
kings Charles trapeze band my buddy my
buddy Charles who slap at a bass I just
saw him walking through the airport it
was surprising that was funny
all right now we are headed down to get
my back and get our driver to take us
home
side note that girl who just met us he
wanted to get a picture with us she said
she got accepted to Harvard I was like
that's so cool I love when you really
smart people watch our videos Suns hard
you gotta go to Harvard okay bro no
pressure dude I just want you to go to
the best college in the world okay you
go to Princeton I guess you want to
settle for second best
that's where princesses go smart
princesses go to Princeton oh my gosh oh
my goodness gracious
hey Rach Vicki Oh watch out he's a tags
a tornado okay okay okay
hey sit sit sit Zee sit good boy okay I
know you love me it's just a little much
you're 150 pounds okay bro good boy good
boy
come here rock you ladies on a kiss
I went up the stairs me with Jennifer
and me like I need a place you got your
lego helicopter whoo hey buddy I miss
you he doesn't care he's like I wanna
see the toys I don't care about you
daddy
good boy good boy I'll take you for a
run you won't go for a run good boy
all right we're home feels good to be
home
I knew kiss young man make out you yeah
they bought some stupid expensive toys
hey you go get a drink water boy yeah go
puppy oh man it feels so good to be home
even though we're only in New York City
for three days it just it feels so nice
to be with my wife other children I got
five of them thanks for watching our
videos if you're new to the vlogs click
that red subscribe button up there we've
been doing daily vlogs for over five
years so if you want to see what our
family was doing on this day exactly
five years ago click on that five and so
on and so forth four three two one
thanks for watching we appreciate it
give it a thumbs up leave a comment we
read them I miss you daddy I missed you
too I gave you home guys you guys
tomorrow
