hi I'm logging here New York New York
these vagabond ooh did you make your bed
yeah why'd you make your bed
you're a good boy you know what actually
I heard I read in a book that kids that
make their bed do better in school true
why do you get is think what what would
make what would make making your bed
make you do better in school um okay
they tell you to make your bed think
about this you make your bed that's one
sense of accomplishment in the morning
like you've you've done something that
you can look at me like that looks good
and I think it just sets up your whole
day for more success it's true I read in
a book you guys it's true I read it all
right so we're actually headed down to
the rehearsal right now we have to
rehearse for the big show tonight and I
got some hair girls going on in here
look at you doing your sister's hair
maybe tired do you like it why not well
sometimes you have to immune kind of
beauty looks good you should get your
big sister a hug and thank her oh oh
that was an aggressive hug that was a
passive-aggressive hug I gave her a hug
like you told me to what a brat how did
you open Valley summer come on wrestling
match between you two ruff have no fur
Tony's gonna be crying here in a minute
come on they retard what are you to do
come back come on Oh get him George got
a chance
winner of the magazine steamroll
we're heading to rehearsal oh okay got
my head Ripper arm out of socket oh this
is awesome I love hot dogs and french
fries what's his name
he's flames helicopter Mario helicopter
Mario ottoman and his name area Tim Mary
hot dippin yeah that's awesome
did you come up there with that on your
own or a great name picker this is Mary
Hauptmann it's very hot yes maybe it's
me are you are you trying to say Mary
Poppins
yes very poppy oh okay this is very
Poppins or hot mint or something that's
cute I love you this is fun playing
Megan oh no no Elmo ate all the Lego
guys no no no yeah yeah yeah okay nice
check out the stairs
everything Tanika synthetic maker
remembers a lot of make changes is it
all right we just finished with
rehearsal this is kind of like there's
like this little bar restaurant then you
go through there and there's a giant
stage I just showed you guys so we're
here for new fronts it's basically like
where all the advertisers come to your
and look at new shows new ideas and
things that they want to like but their
brand behind so that's what we're doing
tonight it's a huge presentation we are
pitching a show we're going to do
regardless we get an advertiser or not
but that's kind of why we're here is to
show the show to these potential
advertisers and to hang out in New York
City the girls got hot chocolate as your
hot chocolate don't spill it oh yeah ha
ha ha are you turning out decided ray
your new baby cousin get hit me thank
you it's so excited I think he's waking
up cuz he knows I'm ready for my
close-up mr. milk if you love that word
like the drunken sleep they rhymed awake
I am NOT oh you're so cute
are you excited to play in Rome I play
the trees and get really dirty with your
new cousin look exactly he's always so
cute at the hospice yeah yeah like
exactly the same as me jazz hands for
the leaves wait you get excited sir
fingers all right we are here at the
event there's a maker logo on every
single door girls you ready Chester see
son tar Qasim and Stampede ad maker
right there I sent Carly a picture of me
and Stanley last night and cool
he sent a video I'm gonna show you this
video of my sister's kid freaking I sent
her a picture of me and you last night
fiction thing alright here we go
into the party up nice shirt I want my
career to look like that
hey guys I made the bathroom okay so I'm
about to go onstage in front of 500 of
the biggest addyi executives in the
world a little nervous I got my
Backstreet Boys head set on this weird
this is my American fun I always feel
like these are where it's like it's like
this little ball trying to sneak up on
me I see Oh get your monkey - hey
will.i.am is performing at this show and
we were just walking through and he was
like doing his rehearsal kind of warming
up and the girls were walking through
it's like there's some kids they look
cute will I am just at my kids look cute
front stage it was cool anyways not too
well on stage right now I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to film this or not so
we'll see I have some tire may be
filming for me ah do you see tha what do
you think oh they're brilliant son
follow booster blooming goals or miss
paddle oh lucky he's sleeping yeah
sleeping koala he's just as cute as you
little man
it's cute oh look I'm taking her room -
you know what those are called
why are those those are pretty zebras do
you want a zebra you can't wait to see
the elephant alright here we are the
party is about to start
here's a stage here's all the maker logo
here's all the ad execs down here is
captain G and leads to Nomad ads for me
yeah Lisa you look beautiful but I need
you to give me more energy Lisa there we
go beautiful all right you guys are
sitting up here okay Gavin come here
can you blog for me I want you to feel
when I'm on stage okay you can do it I
believe in you
Mountain Bongo let's check out this
mountain Bongo Wow super stripey what a
stripy Mountain Bongo look at this one's
horns he's got one horn that's wrapped
around the other that is the craziest
thing I've never seen that before
what do you think Brock they are so big
do you like the giraffe yeah they make
you want to go ride them oh you would
yeah you what if you have a saddle
a giraffe saddle Budi a birdie a booty
Bernice's forever
Oh booty giraffe booty he's coming to
say hello he's going to see him daddy I
love you they're the cutest thing at the
game Oh daddy shadow again that is so
cool closely walking okay we've been
waiting all day to see the elephants
let's go see if we can find one these
are look elephants thank you for that it
says or like he's getting ready to throw
up
look at that look at his big tusks
brother his elephant tusks what are they
doing what is he doing
you don't have anything else to tell us
to go see cuz this is what you wanted to
see huh the whole time what is he doing
that is hilarious
hey he's really dancing look at the
elephants dancing honey if he's doing a
dance for you you're so cute
what will make this a lot better okay
and brush the whole beans and rice
puppymung excellent like one time I
wanted apples so I must this frozen
yogurt in the Beckman bag tested with
yes
I don't want and welcome the manner of
bluefin saw Sumer one of our most
popular craters badly needed probably
hunting to survival various year battle
including participated in a partnership
with regards again great amazing
suitable compare this is not an embrace
to make community
hello we are the front one to the main
transmission immediate summer here
tonight I am and today major point were
large cruisers interiors of the air
content and now at once as part of the
wall video our will generate six billion
frames per month
it's lon
we could not be more excited to happy
and you know mama noted it in there and
accurate information for the
partnerships that we're doing talk a
little bit if you could about what it
means about nature and the power of the
individual ago we've never seen this
type of stuff before so yesterday's
world of like these verticals or outside
the record even all-time record
but I am sorry today I don't want that
basically I'll be trying to do
completely honest that's a thing for us
this partnership for beings like this is
what I'm going to do if I was started in
scratch the maker world is probably the
best solution for for creating of
content makers makers
I
I keep turning it keep turning it ah or
dare turn it almost eight times it says
and then the penny will come out do it
again do it again the food looks really
tough to get this penny now he's going
keep going
you're so strong you're so strong wait I
think we did enough look showing the one
you have Ramon yeah what's on it it's a
koala bear well that's the stilts he's
gonna hold it for you what a fun time at
the zoo
I think this time for us to go because
it looks like it's gonna rain looks like
it's gonna rain you ready to go yeah
you're thinking about it high five
pursued a scary one money I think that's
enough for today let's go see if we can
find the scary animals we didn't see the
snakes yet I don't see the Frog
I ever did see
I think this one's my favorite look at
that pretty color he's got balloon
flexing blue and green sweats
hohoho it's called the rally's palm and
man when you see yeah the baby wants him
you want to see the lizard yeah with a
lot of them look at that thing oh she's
really cool oh look at it guys that's a
phantom mm so if any of the workers get
bit how they sleep okay let's go see the
green lizard hope we don't need any ask
you've ended today
all right I'm next vertical make a game
maker gave the largest game ever online
with over 2 billion years a month talk
about evolution games are Max's highly
engaged and connected community please
tell me welcome Joseph air or better
known
all right sample table for as long as I
can remember and I'll set the last four
years I've been videos of India
and so my cell phone latest videos and I
work together to create a bright future
full of educational videos that would
utilize the power of Minecraft at the
popularity of stark effect and rather
than just listen applies textbooks we're
going to teach through narrative content
that hell is lonely naturally Google
versions of scenarios that sacrifice to
fear me propeller is serving me in fact
I wanna make a family content for the
new
well when I never miss an open bar and
say I wouldn't everyone to meet my
plus-one she's she's supposed to be here
somewhere
Oh
it's what
and let it out we say
hey hey
hey thanks for watching the video will I
am in the studio with Shay Carl yeah
yeah he's Oh dope I can't climb a rope
hey hey cuz I'm chubby but I'm gonna
lose weight coming around the New York
City Marathon in November you just wait
hey see guys super talented I could be a
rapper hip-hop artist R&B mogul you just
wait all right son tard uh bless his
heart he did not film my presentation I
that was the one thing that I might do
just get a few clips of the show and
then when I do my presentation be sure
to film that whole thing so I got back
to the hotel room tonight imported the
footage and he only caught the portion
of the show where I dropped the mic but
I had that like Madonna headpiece ons
I couldn't necessarily drop it like you
would a regular mic where it makes like
a big thud anyways we had a good time I
think we they did film the show so if I
do find the clip of my presentation if
you guys care I would upload that
elsewhere it is another time thanks for
watching our videos we really appreciate
it met a lot of you guys today there's a
bunch of you guys waiting outside of the
theater after the show is over and I got
to meet a bunch you guys here in New
York City which is always fun thanks we
miss mommy tarde we're gonna head back
tomorrow night back to Los Angeles we're
excited to see them all right we love
you guys as always please sum up the
video click on this block the only thing
buggy was appreciate our Wonder for you
guys know what I'm doing okay love you
bye
