we're
through levels
yesterday's vlog ended in the airplane
today's vlog begins in the airport
alright children had just sleep on that
red-eye
yeah even in New York wait have you wind
up chica
oh yeah yeah James Blunt remember
remember you wrote around a carriage of
James Blunt in Central Park yeah now
you're a member all right we're gonna go
catch our car I think I'll pass out I
didn't sleep at all and then I'm gonna
upload the vlog Butler that's us thank
you okay let's do this yours ready this
gentleman's gonna take us to the
promised land that's cool Rox I would
love that
okay we're in our hotel room sorry all I
did I did it you're carrying your eats
right there cuz I'm a smart daddy all
right we just got here
the kids are tired you're starving here
in New York City look at you okay so we
actually brought a nature box with us
cuz I knew the kids are gonna be tired
you guys remember we did that brand deal
with nature box
we got a membership open that baby up
let's eat some snacks here cuz you know
when you go to a hotel room and you're
starving and they have like the little
trays of snacks and if you like pick up
the candy bar it's like oh you just got
charged seven dollars and 50 cents or if
you try to order room service
all right look bucks is not when you got
here sunshine chips mix vegetable chips
with sea salt open these bad boys up
sourdough cheddar pretzels mmm
open those for me blueberry nom noms
what are blueberry nom nom love I'm
feeling that you're gonna like those
baby part what else we got carrot
strawberry fruit shoes what is this
carrot strawberry fruit chew open that
up what do you open it up registered
dark cocoa almonds what is bad what is
this whole-wheat Apple Figgy fit pie
Figgy bars dang open these up you're not
opening up things quick enough
sourdough cheddar pretzels
dude these are is melis like fig bars
whole wheat apple pie
biggie bars what do you eat you can
start strawberry carrot oh wow those are
like fruit cheese anyone I want those
put me up hook a brother up
wow what a sunshine chips oh yeah check
that out look at that that's like real
vegetables come on
french fries everything sticks you check
those out bagels oh those smell good
all right Oh sour cream and onion
almonds dude look at that real like
almond slivers coordinates where there's
like 800 different options all right
check it out nature box calm you guys
Bolivia she loves them I shouldn't be
even mine awful those good taste like
Doritos sanic baked corn sticks I'll try
them alright so last time you guys we
did this nature box so many of you went
and got one the nature box is like we
want to do another one nature box.com
hard you'll get your very first order
for 50% off and it was really exciting
when all of you guys were sending me
pictures on Twitter of you guys getting
your nature boxes in the mail so healthy
snacks these aren't like you know ton of
sodium and stuff these are healthy
snacks a lot of them say nutritionist
approved on them what do you guys think
are they good they passed the kid test
what's your favorite one that's your
favorite one that one's yours
yeah those are good sour cream and onion
almonds I have never had a sour cream
and onion almond in my life probably way
better for you than sour cream and onion
Pringles just saying so check it out you
guys will get 50% off your first order
nature box top pops I Shaytards well
amid the snacky mayhem I forgot to look
at this note look naturebox wrote us
know hey Shaytards we loved your last
video it looks like the snacks never
made it out of maker studios so here's a
new box just for you guys happy snacking
in the nature box team that's cool yeah
so these guys they sent me another box
and so we had it and I thought bring
that with us we go to New York I
guarantee you guys are gonna be hungry
when we get there and naturebox will be
the perfect thing thanks nature box for
the sweet note all right what are we
doing where are we going all right so
we're stayin right here right next to
Times Square look at those gigantic
buildings everybody and that cool it is
a concrete jungle as far as you can see
there's the river
what lupus because we stayed up all
night basically playing and what oh yeah
yeah yeah guys check it out that is the
ball on Times Square you know and
they're like bitch New Year's Eve would
Dick Clark
that's that ball right there all right
here we are in Times Square time
smiley he's having fun we just bought
prints to start a hat because she bought
it because she wanted to put her phone
in it
do you like it though just I mean do you
still like it even though she got this
hat maybe that was just an excuse that
she had to get a new hat we're doing a
buddy system these two are buddies and
then me and this buddy are buddies toys
r us toys r them all my goodness I'm
gonna viewer discretion is advised that
was a woman's bear bun-chucks children
did you look at that she had goosebumps
I think she's cold that's not goosebumps
on her but don't tell your mom I slip to
that lady's butt laughs I meant nothing
to me oh you guys remember there's a
ferris wheel in here so here we are the
dress wool what's a big t-rex any bitty
arms dude I'm just making fun of your
arms bro what is it just like came down
too strong to me like fit me bit my head
off
David are you scared I can see in your
face you're scared that is a pretty big
dinosaur look at him moving around
oh my Hulkster that's all out of Legos
that is cool man wow that must have
taken a lot of time and effort look
they're all individual Legos you can see
them all Keep Calm theme song oh yeah
all these are made out of Legos
helicopter the Empire State Building
that's awesome oh my goodness we're in
the land of Barbie
it's so fantastic my dog is plastic a
whole room full of Barbies we are a pink
palace of wonderment she's her best
friend she's almost as tall as you are
friend anymore
you're funny be nice the whole set
that's pretty good 75th anniversary
series I have never seen a Wizard of Oz
Barbies no cuz I'll have to carry it all
the thing alright we're going on the
ferris wheel at the Toys R Us et phone
home it almost looks like et flippin you
guys off because I am yours so cool here
we are in Times Square at the Toys R Us
building what do you think are you even
like a prom queen yeah having the time
of our Lord look at that that's a big
store see if we get something to wave it
up
hi you minus five points you have to get
something to wave at you on the Paris
hey dude lean over there say please wave
at me you my dad will beat me say look
up here oh she's taking Instagram photos
it's like I have to beat you
wait hi hi waving me or my children
won't love me yeah dude I just got plus
five points I kicked him omelette right
is that what she said I believe you I
take your word for it
what is spider-man doing at the Toys R
Us this bum looks nice in those tights
all right let's see you goddamn okay
yeah Co good picture guys go over there
yeah got it cool thanks buddy
get up
love you oh he loves you now we're in
the magical land of Disney hi you watch
our videos no way
where are you from Sweden say something
and Swiss say I love this Shay start
their radical
hi you watch everybody else - is there a
word for radical and Swiss Swedish
Swedish oh sorry no thanks for watching
with you sure I want to make sure we're
taking make sure guys gotta go feel dumb
for calling their language Swiss I guess
you call it Swedish I just know mostly
about swedish fish
cuz I like red chewy candies cuz I'm
kind of a fat kid so we're in the Disney
Store and it's very magical and exciting
and the kids eyes are like this big
pirates going on they are oh man we're
leaving on Wednesday should we call mom
and say we're gonna stay three extra
days go to that okay go see all right
well if you like M&Ms we have a few of
them here all right you get some here
goes okay not too many pretty tired what
are you getting oh my that 10 pounds of
M&Ms I like your mom right now
alright hold up your bags you guys let's
see there you go alright we got a bunch
of M&M crap I need chocolate what hi a
little suitcase okay so let's do you got
you got the Big Apple I love New York
City M&M little M&M purse and then 18
pounds of M&M sorry drop it on your head
are you're not gonna get you stack it
all in your suitcase oh hi what's your
name Melanie thanks for watching our
videos appreciate it
look at you oh that's for us we don't
need any more M&M stuff safety melon
look you guys before she tell her thank
you give her a big hug give her a hug
bye you M&M stuff thank you
I look at your fixing your hair ready
you did where we guys that you saw me at
my tweets I we have like a little tweet
scavenger hunt I tweeted him a picture I
it was that was a pretty easy photo I
said upside down w's yeah guys do I
figured if you didn't know with - upside
down w's then you weren't you guys
weren't smart enough to say your names
again it's now Isabelle and how long
you're watching well it's a bellend test
I'm gonna meet you guys right here and
Times Square
thanks for watching our video and you
will be in the vlog yeah okay you guys
remember when my dad had knee surgery
and there was a viewer named Eunice dad
this is her she's the one who sent you
flowers do you have a crush on my dad
Eunice no mom mom Eunice has a crush on
grandpa hard that was sweet of you thank
you no they were excited they were
texting me they're like we're getting
flowers from viewers
her she sent flowers to my dad in the
hospital he got a knee replace you're
awesome thank you good to meet you check
that out that's cool the students are
headed to work are they real or fake
Rockefeller Center yeah dude that's like
one of my favorite pictures actually
photos we don't know who those guys are
they don't they just there's that
picture huh like everyone's claiming
like that's my great-uncle
and that's my Jackson Harris hey
actually once you sing the intro if you
like dude Lancers wanna say thank you by
the way do that it's blown up man it's
amazing because like it just hit me I
was in the cabin like I wrote that song
because I like this dude on the internet
which sounds weird and then like you use
it and it's just wrong now I know so you
guys the intro living laugh through
relentless guy right here he's handsome
he can sing show him your but look how
nice is but thank you so much I know
I'll be out of my pants are mostly
Shaytards fans cuz I love you guys so
much but it's so cool like I got it
cause like you did pretty well on iTunes
this week I said you know I download it
you guys download the song go subscribe
to Jackson the real me and maybe you'll
get them to make another intro yes
another instrument hopefully that will
be in the future Shaytards project so
it's like yeah song they play when Gavin
takes the camera camera off to your
final day yeah I'll never words I'll
never take this camera man you'll have
to pry it out of my cold dead fingers
anyway it's go subscribe to Jackson I'm
getting weird looks in from New Yorkers
come on children let's go tonight at the
Ed Sullivan Theater it's the Late Show
with David Letterman special guest
Jackson Harris son tard baby tard Peters
Oh
and hey sir welcome to the show thanks
for being on what's your new movie
coming out
No okay all right we're headed to
Central Park done her feeder hadn't
finished all right we are in Central
Park now last time I was here in one of
these I was pulling James Blunt around
hey guys are you having a great time
this is the way to see the park I want
to like road rage Lee yeah I was huh
remember it was like a James want party
oh my phone's ringing
one day's one in the park what's your
name my name is Cassie that seemed oh I
have a friend named Cassie mr. Jordan
you're on camera right now he says he
recognized me from somewhere smart he
knows everything about Central Park yeah
he's teaching us we're getting the Grand
Tour you have fun you need some of your
M&Ms all right busted M&Ms out no better
time beat some M&Ms and when you're
getting a nice ride around Central Park
huh new your win your hair blowing in
the wind you're having a great time
how about you pass me some of those
babies all right here we are at Central
Park we got some wheelies ladies look at
me the girlfriend dude Jackson go run
dude don't be scared dude their yoga
pants are running away dude get those
yoga pants Jackson go start doing
push-ups think you'll do it
these ladies are doing like a class or
air look look
don't touch me weirdo oh yeah extra
points if you get her number
come on ladies poor let's
go alright so we're here in Central Park
and this guy has caught a fish there he
is he is big do you see that thing
check out that's like a 10 pound cart
man that's a big fish and he's caught it
Casey
probably interested to know on a fly
pole with bait here he comes
Rico holy carp you mean why us get your
net let's just go get a net that's a big
fish yeah that's a big congratulations
the big fish that's really cool hold it
I don't think you want to eat that sushi
so here we are right here on this body
of water
what pound is this Jackson with town
that's what fountain and I know around
here in social park the main fountain
the main fountain in Central Park this
guy just got to play a 10 pound harp was
that ten pound 750 pounds a hundred and
fifty but how big is it
am i embarrassing you seven and a half
oh he's got a scale right there seven a
half pound carp
nice job that's a good catch
eighteen pounds no way really
they must have some big fish in there 30
pounders Wow well he's gonna go back and
eat some more dead bodies and he'll get
a lot bigger the dead bodies that the
fish eat but seriously you guys there's
dead bodies in that water got the turtle
go away you put the fountain don't let
him bite yeah yeah I just hope behind it
you don't do it no do okay if you're
gonna do it
get a real man in there just hold him
tight eh be adult let go don't drop him
hold him tight go put him in the
fountain this is how ninja turtles began
- you're so brave I'm so proud okay make
a big wish that's a big wish he's like
wait a minute there's no where I'm
supposed to go yeah just tired you're
awesome is he gonna go for it
this might be a little nicer maybe
there's some hot turtle girls in this
water
well I maybe he likes Turtle girls he
can swim he gonna make a jump for it
he's looking at it he's like wait a
minute I can make some money on this
thing there's quarters everywhere put
him in
hey you guys that cool so we just saw
this turtle there they caught him that
guy's like don't put him in the fountain
this is fun there's wildlife in the
biggest city in the world cotton uh yeah
Oh Nelly that is a female yeah maybe
she's missing her boyfriend he's in that
oh she's gonna get your finger do that
be good for the video just let them bite
your finger come on not with my thanks
for watching the Shaytards if you're new
to our videos be sure to hit that
subscribe button if you feel like man I
just really like watching these videos
and I want to watch more of those videos
well here is the end slate this is the
launch pad for more shade to our delight
meant is that a word delight meant I
don't think it is I think I made it up I
got to stop making words up it was so
great to meet all of you that we met in
New York City yesterday we were walking
around Times Square and go and check it
out all the stores we met so many of you
and got pictures it's always fun to meet
you guys in person so we will be here
until tomorrow we fly back to Los
Angeles tomorrow mama card sent me some
footage but the drop box isn't working
or something happen so I didn't get it
and I figured out it's already 20
minutes of New York footage so we'll put
them in tomorrow trust me you guys they
still love you all right kisses see you
guys tomorrow
