all right the birthday girl has arrived
you ready come on lupus get your
backpack it's super heavy all right here
we are at Los Angeles International
Airport
through levels
I'm gonna get you home go get you little
lady
hold on partners slow down I'm trying to
get up ma get them and go slow down go
get you go go get you go crazy little
laughs I'm gonna get you you better hold
on to your britches Oh Natalie I'm gonna
get you I got you I got you Millie
oh no we're not weird we need a car you
guys we need a car and you talk to you
about why we need a car here's why we
need a car because we're gonna buy some
items oh so we are shopping for our
oldest daughter it's her birthday
she's turning nine years old give me a
bone we did not drink at the wedding
I was excited it was we were at a
wedding you didn't see unless you follow
me on Instagram and if you're not then
I'm gonna get you so John nah he's a DP
director of photography at maker studios
he runs the camera I don't know in the
chick outfit area isn't that what we're
getting chick outfits I figure this is
the best place to get a birthday present
for a nine-year-old anyways John has
worked at maker studios from probably
almost the very beginning like he is one
of the first employees he has know like
Blake O'Neal who shoots our podcast Lane
Pahlavi John aw they were all some of
the very very first employees of maker
studios like I heard like four years ago
so it's just cool you know being with
all those people and at his wedding and
he got married to his girlfriend because
that's what you do you get a girlfriend
dudes listen up you gotta get a
girlfriend and then eventually she'll
marry you and then you got and now we're
birthday shopping for our daughters that
we're doing we're birthday shopping the
night before her birthday yeah
that's what we do we are a Blaine
we are lame cess Lee's at home watching
all 18 of our children and we're looking
for smell fits or something good yeah
we're we're focused you have your
decision panel yeah well no you have a
skirt favor decision skirt on yeah you
look pretty and these got your power
guess what we can get outfits shoes
clothing candy toys yeah I'm gonna get
her a cool thing I'm gonna get her a dad
present oh look at this this is cute
it's like a 3d shirt has a
thingamajigger look she likes it she's
like hey I'm over here by this shirt has
a bone sticking out of it she's like
Jennifer just be quiet let them make
their own decisions no this one has a
bow come on over here it's cute
and lame can we put it on yeah let you
get fit in that Jennifer's will hear
yelling us to buy that shirt put it on
Princess start do you want that yeah she
kidding me I was like sparkling pink
rhinestones on of course she wants that
another thing that I thought about
tonight my hair is ugly I should get a
haircut what do you think you think I
think I'm gonna I'm gonna get what you
say you said you liked my hair the way
it is did you just say hallelujah praise
Jesus amen let me tell you guys
something at the wedding should I tell
him what the preacher said when he's
told them to look at each other's eyes
so John and his girlfriend are both or
they Korean with a premium yeah anyways
they're Asian and the preacher the
pastor was Asian the guy that was
marrying them and right over for he like
marries them he says look into one
another's eyes and like they look in
each other's eyes he goes I know it's
hard because we're Asian and I was but
he said it and it was funny and I
laughed maybe a little every laugh
though it was cool it was fun
anyways that is adorable I think you
should get back it's like tough with the
school dude a school with eyelashes
that's cute and pret off and pretty it's
cute ufff pretty it's cute I like it
right so we're here we're shopping it's
great times this is a five minute clip
Ohio boy I haven't vlogged for like a
half of a day I felt like I've missed it
okay thingamabobs I've got 20 but who
cares no big deal I want more I wanna be
where the people are I wanna see wanna
see young dancing strolling around onna
what's that word again Street do it do a
dance with that do a dance hello my
honey with your pearls were you shooting
like a machine gun yeah send me a kiss
by wire
maybe my hearts on fire if you abused me
honey you'll lose me then you'll be left
alone oh baby its telephone and tell me
I'm wrong do check it out babe look look
witness do you know her Oh Lindsey
Stirling's selling CDs in the target
that's why it she looks pretty
yeah that's a cool we're buying your
album Lindsey Stirling yeah they're two
different ones you guys you guys know
Lindsey Stirling she's a youtuber you
tubers are doing big things bro
I'll buy both of these you buying that
one I'm buying this one mine's better
than yours a little better that's the
last one - this must be her first album
Lindsey Stirling you guys you don't know
her she is the dancing violinist very
talented very talented sir do you know
about Lindsey Stirling she's a great CD
check out just trust me on that you just
download it on iTunes if you want to I'm
doing some free promotion for Lindsey
Stirling well she's good let's go let's
get it we're getting your album family
outfit
I'll buy you a ballet outfit too if you
want all right
creepy like stripping me out man do you
know what that wedding tonight reminded
me of what that we have two daughters
and I think about the day when they get
married that's really sad and exciting
what do you think will be more emotional
for you dancing like son mom cuz like
you know how at weddings I'll be like
they have like the groom as what's a
called the guy who gets married the
groom the groom and the mom dance think
it'll be more emotional for you to dance
with your sons or to watch me dance with
my daughters I think the emotional
really because why then son tired will
be probably two feet taller than you
he'll be a giant man dude that's gonna
happen quicker than we think I hear that
it's harder to let your daughters go
yeah because I'm worried about finding a
good dude and not some jerk I know I
guess every dad thinks that but I feel
like I'm not gonna approve of any of the
dudes that they bring on any of the
girls Thunder it brings mom say you
girls watch it you think they think
there's people who like like kids that
watch our videos that want to marry our
kids like little 11 year old girls that
want to marry sontar that are watching
this I don't know we must yell at them
right now that's what I'm marrying my
son will you better keep it clean I hear
that you've been hurt better get your
husky attitude out of here but I married
you and you're a hussy
Colet won't even let me french kiss her
when we were dating
trying to french kiss her and she's like
now she can't keep her tongue out of my
mouth your pearls are getting longer and
longer
ladies and gentlemen my momma taught in
the wild shopping she spotted us she
spotted us
ooh I like those hands a little nonsense
now and then never hurt the wisest man
all right we're all from Target and look
what these ladies have assembled ladies
and gentlemen sous Killa muscular was it
Oh Avia okay earlier this is to show
that I'm crazy we already knew her pee
you're freaking me out here we are at
the birthday ensemble yes what are you
trying to planet travel open blue babe
our holding presents folded and by I
mean folded I meant wrapped would you
put in there all the clothes you folded
on the clothes and then that's like a
big clothes bag where'd you get that's a
cool bag no I get she's gonna wake up
and come down here like it's Christmas
morning figured we don't have seeds for
the kids but we figured like Center will
give her this one you remember what this
one is what is it dude I bet you wonder
it didn't really do that did you
she does she does all right there's the
table it looks great ladies good
nope it's just it's just a gigantic dog
hey you want to come bill here we're
sorry we're setting up for the birthday
I know you're trying to sleep but we
have to do it tonight okay
he's passed way welcome oh yeah no I
want you right
have a happy cumpleanos okay get to work
I know it's 1:00 in the morning come
play at the NA
the NA over the can play on us oh what a
beautiful morning know what a beautiful
day yes okay I'm watching what are you
gonna do I'm gonna drop it try it rock
on your brother's head what if it hurts
him okay big balloon coming down bonk on
the head is that funny
you like bunking the baby's head here he
goes bump on the head bump on the head
bunko bunko bunko the head bump on the
head bump on the head you can start I'll
bump on the head up being another one
another one
here comes boom hey princess charge
you're blowing up my Twitter timeline do
you realize there are thousands of
people wishing you happy birthday on
Twitter right now well one day you will
I believe in you
yeah hello when you're 13 you can get
one what you think about your
decorations downstairs do you think it
was Christmas morning well well thank
your mother go give her a big hug a big
nine-year-old hug squeeze your mom's
belly hi we're getting ready for church
it's Sunday it's our daughter's birthday
she is 9 years old what have you learned
in your 9 years what's the most
important thing listen if you were to
talk to somebody who's just coming to
this earth maybe an alien shows up and
they're like hey Here I am first day on
earth what should I know what would you
tell that alien after you've lived here
for nine years
that is horrible advice think of one
thing you know a lot of things just it
doesn't have to be the most important
but just think of one thing that is very
important sometimes in your life you
will have that situation sometimes
you'll have good situations so don't
wish that you would want to have another
situation because it will go through
fast okay that's pretty good advice I
mean your bratty little brother was
screaming in the background during that
very nice advice excuse me while I go
slap him in his head
rocked hard it's not your birthday yeah
shut your mouth and I'm talking to your
sister all right we all ready for church
celebrate bridge starts birthday and
tonight at 8:30 we are leaving here to
head to Los Angeles International
Airport so that we can then fly to JFK
that's in New York City no I don't think
we can carry that on no no I don't check
any bags let's try to just do all
carry-ons yeah we're going for three
days long for new fronts it's this big
ad thing we're like pitching a show it's
not like we probably wanted to do a meet
and greet
maybe we'll see but we're gonna be
really busy we're only there for three
days so if you're in New York we see you
we see you but we probably won't have
time to do a me angry because we're like
flying in doing this presentation and
then flying out so it's a quick trip for
a new show that we're pitching okay I
mistake her okay yeah okay yep I'm ready
okay I want you to come in I'm gonna
introduce you I know what you did baby
chart and you have to like start singing
or do a performance you can't just like
come in okay this is your big stage
debut you ready ladies and gentlemen the
one the only ever entertaining Bay
I didn't even introduce you yet I had a
big grand opening for you baby
it is all now you're late
oh she's got a performance buddy she's
got a performance buddy
don't break the child hey guys how's it
going
update to our life we just got home from
church well wait stop reverse that we're
not home we just got finished with
church now where are we gonna go here
cut I hate to do things like this on a
Sunday we usually like to have Sunday as
just like a day of rest and being with
each other run out of time my hair is
got yeah it's gonna be me son tard
prints startin baby tarts the four of us
are gonna have a little fun dad's trip
to New York and I've just been looking
at my hair
I realize it's kind of ugly you know so
let's go get it cleaned up here's before
I'm sad I don't know why I like it son
the Little House on the Prairie dad okay
I like to think of myself as Tom Cruise
from Last Samurai but Little House on
the Prairie I guess it's cool to not all
right here we go vlogging see I just
hold it up like this here's the before
where you think ladies we got that
Justin Bieber look there you go
okay she's gonna cut it now I'm gonna
watch this later be like man I missed it
all right here we go we're looking some
in a few seconds okay boom what do you
think there's the after I like it now
the beard really focus out guys like it
you think I'm handsome I'm married
stay away ladies sons are gonna turn
around
alright good what are you doing all this
sudden the bro charge started doing this
really weird thing no don't give him
that
Oh dad come on just a little buddy what
is he him dude again do it
show him the sucker yeah I was like
looking through the tops of his eyes
here's a shot you see Caesar you are
getting very don't have any of that
another year another child grows farther
from our nest Oh
little ladies are to our heart do you
think of that
she's only how long when doing when can
we kick him out 18 she's not she's
halfway she's 19 years yeah she's
halfway and she learned half the things
she needs to know to be on her own she
better get busy back there start being a
better mom I mean I love you you're my
favorite ready me me me
we have 11 kids in our house right now
birthday present
think of the way something good no I
will cancel that whis immediately okay
go oh maybe they hear their tradition
about blowing water all at the same time
bro all right what it was to be open so
I guess do you have enough cake to make
up on your face you don't need any
birthday cake all right open it you
better like it it's an outfit for your
dollies are these are these American
Girl doll thingies yeah
gage look you can play with them too you
like pretty things did you can wear that
to school she's gonna go to the Olympics
we got a present deliverer here what is
what
Hot Cheetos for their birthday my
Cheetos and takis yeah you gotta clear
their mouth down read it out loud
look I learned to write it's not cool
you know you don't feel like you believe
that a good one bro all right this one
is from Yemen you want to give it to
your sister yeah yeah you all remember
selecting that item carefully and with
much care love and thought it glows in
the dark all right here's a big bag of
something pink with you oh okay listen
lastly let's go Cecily is president okay
yeah
brown paper bag all right we really
slurps on the wrapping paper on this one
I think it might be dog crap in the
backyard
oh no you can teach me how to don't sure
you know how to draw
BOGO great
that's great and then another one baby
tart space savvy tarts thinking to
herself right now oh yeah I'm gonna get
to put it with all of this stuff it's
just it's just a matter of time before
that's gonna be scattered in my room and
I will play with all your very important
all right this one's from Cecily what
could it be what could it be I bet you
it's very well thought out present
you're a happy birthday sweetheart you
are a magical girl filled with fairy
dust and I know you will do wonderful
things with your life because you are
already doing them I love you so much
honey and I am so grateful that you had
a are a part of my life I door
who's that front rock card you can play
them anyway all right the big one we
have there's a pony in there that's
really good for hitting people in the
shins with you can bruise a lot of shins
with that device I picked that out do
you like that I knew you'd like it
I think that's actually your sister's
present he's like I don't think this is
a girl thing
they must have mistaken this must be
mine you like that vest do you like it
anyway there's one in here that they
really want you to look at that I
thought was really cool that cool it's
like a skull with eyelashes that's what
I said at Target last night yeah you
like it
all right the birthday girl has arrived
you ready come on lupus get your
backpack it's super heavy all right here
we are at Los Angeles International
Airport all right we're at the airport
and they took from the starts bag what
just because this is a birthday doesn't
even struggle marijuana in your bag she
had a bottle of detangling spray and
they they took it from her stop stop be
nice
baby tard what do you think about this
this is tragic
she's lost her detangling spray he's
just gonna run it one more time through
there so sundried said that right as we
came through those princess hard right
in front of the TSA guy - he's like did
you smuggle marijuana in your bag and I
started cracking up and the TSA guy
didn't crack a smile I'm like centered
stop it it was funny though if I've good
joke all right
grab the bag no detangling spray up hey
you lost your detangling spray bigger
sister so sassy so we actually got the
kids a cell phone just one that they
share oh I gotta go guys here princess
art tell them what this phone is for
this phone is for so if there's an
emergency and called a door come on and
like we can text on it and call but it's
like for the kids so Dyke just amuse me
and you don't I know we found out don't
eat it you know and so we're just that's
why we have fun for it like a kids all
the kids sheriff goose it him alright
let's go slap it for safety for good
times safety measure
alright 35 all right you guys ready to
fly to New York City yeah
we're gonna stay awake yeah I would
recommend you guys go to sleep
okay good night can I sleep I'm gonna
spend the entire flight editing this
video okay I hope you enjoyed it please
thumbs enough cuz I'm gonna be up all -
you guys tomorrow
you
