all right children I love you have a
great day insurance
oh girl you just hold my hoops while I
do some business
and friend
through layers
alright we got it Oh heads up got a
truck full of suitcases in here loofa
Deepu funny here's your's princess start
doing work you shut those hay bales out
of there okay love you have a great day
bye love you oh yeah that feels nice
Center mama Mimi good I met no just can
aah hey guys just got done sitting in
the sauna at the gym that I swam a few
laps centered myself I lived in the now
really getting spiritual this Eckart
Tolle eh
have you guys heard of this book the
power of now I like it I can tell it's
something that I would not have liked
even like a year maybe two years ago
maybe I would have it's kind of a little
you may be classified hippie-ish it's
cause like he's talking and you're like
what shut up this is weird I really it's
like I'm connecting with it it's mate it
makes sense to me specifically for like
just anyways so speaking of that and
books I'm going right now to a the
podcast at maker studios we are doing
the podcast so I think the first episode
will be up Friday I'm going to talk
about that if you guys join the book
club
I also was listening for about 30
minutes to the power of habit and I'm
really excited to talk about it say at
the podcast so check out the podcast on
the podcast channel it's gonna follow me
on the first episode on Friday okay I'm
going home now I got a hurry
it's 9:30 one and I have to be there at
10:00 okay bye but not goodbye for long
just like that I'm back all right here
we are
let so excited because look at our craft
service I was just complaining cuz I
forgot my wallet
with cash to my snack but I didn't need
to we look at Ron Ron produces the crap
out of this podcast that's Ron's bag I
know he's in charge of this look at all
these good healthy
yeah we'll see let's go find where Ron
and Ralph are I think they're on the
other side of this wall right here for
the podcast busted I caught you guys
talking about the podcast
Cecily are you mad at me I did not send
you a happy birthday please where's Ron
is that Ron oh especially be on a 3-d
mad that we didn't have a budget I
didn't even know there has to be on you
guys I want every single one of you
Olevia annoying if I send a thousand
people to send you happy birthday tweets
no I mean I'm not gonna be sad about
getting attention
don't just tweet her happy birthday I
want you to all go tweet one nice thing
about Cecily one nice thing it's gonna
be hard it's a book you've read it's her
birthday she turned 32 yesterday how old
you wanna tell your no okay go check out
sus Lee's video she's gonna tell you
hold shiz when the kids go to sleep what
do we do babe when the kids go to sleep
ah we fall asleep shortly after cuz
we're like damn kids our bed finally
stops to get some red I can show that
sometimes I fall asleep before their
yeah she does and then I'm in charge of
putting them to bed and that never goes
well counting up to three I'm excited to
be back it's been a whole year Blake
we've missed you
banana moves the end of flash man yeah
it's blow the dust off this old block Oh
hit the desktops of when the kids go to
sleep camera all right here we go we're
doing the podcast you ready to it yeah a
lot of good stuff to say uh I'm sure
don't let me run away of the
conversation you know I like to I know
you do but I like that that's the
problem I'm a loudmouth
so the podcast is live it was fun it was
really cool to be back
I've really missed it it's just like
it's cool hanging out with the guys and
being able to like flush out thoughts um
I really feel good about today's
podcasts you know I was talking about
this new book that I'm listening to
earlier today I wasn't gonna suggest
that you guys download it because it's
kind of a little hard to follow and if
you watch the podcast
well actually it's going to be on the
second podcast because the podcast it's
live right now
we talk more about the power of habit
that was the last book that we talked
about and I wasn't going to suggest this
book to download but after we did the
second podcast that we did today that
we'll upload next week sometime I was
like this book really is like changing
the way I think and I think it can help
some of you and I was going to try to
like find a different book but I am
going to suggest this book so we are
doing the book club it is happening
finally I know it took a little while
but Roth had to set up the studio but
we're back on track
so we do have an official book club this
time it's happening and we talked about
the book that have a lot of you guys
downloaded so if you go to audible.com
slash Shaytards you can get a sign up
for membership and you get your very
first audiobook download for free so I
don't know if you want to waste that
free download I'm not saying it's
wasting it on this one it's called the
power of now by Eckhart Tolle and it's
kind of intimidating like when you first
start listening to it you're like who is
this guy and why is he talking like that
but it's making a big difference in how
I think and it's it's really helping me
sincerely it's helping me um like get
through it there's so much stress
there's so much things that I'm doing
all day when I start listening to this
book it's weird I don't know if it's
just his voice but right as I turn it on
I'm like okay and I talk about it in the
next podcast so you'll have to see the
one that's up today we talked about the
last book the power of habit but this is
the next book that I want to work on so
if you guys want to be part of the book
club go to link right here audible.com
slash Shaytards you can sign up to get a
free or get a membership and then you
get one free download it is a membership
you get uh you know you can download
like hundred and sixty thousand
audiobooks nobody's gonna ever listen
that I mean that's like you can never
listen to that many audiobooks I don't
think you know but they have like tons
of options so links right here and the
book club is actually happening and
we're going to talk about all these
books that we download on the podcast
when the kids go to sleep so check it
out links below for the audible.com link
and the podcast goes and leave comments
and suggestions on which books you think
that we should listen to next okay I
like to
go through these quick cuz I'm like
exercising every day so I have a lot of
time to listen to them
so like the power of habit I'm like six
hours into that book it's a long time
but if you want any part of the book
club links below audible.com slash
Shaytards get a membership and then get
it one free download all right and then
go check out the podcast right now
speaking of listening to audiobooks I'm
about to do that very thing right now
it is 4:30 in the afternoon me and Ron
didn't get to go pump I'm scratching my
truck we didn't get to go on a bike ride
this morning because we were shooting
the podcast but I told her on I said I
don't care dude we're still going so
it's 4:30 in the afternoon we're
finished with our work it's time to ride
we're gonna make 40 miles watching
sunset through our sweaty it's gonna be
so nice I'm excited so here we go one on
a forty mile er and I'm gonna listen to
my book that I'd been listening to and
lovin it who's your buddy buddy you're
my teddybear buddy I was telling the
kids they each needed a half a buddy
because we're going back to the mall for
a few reasons we needed to return
something and I promised unto her that
he could get some new shoes and because
he wears out his shoes like crazy and
he's kind of a funny kid where he picks
one pair but he has Holy Love you know
where we'll wear them out to death I've
noticed that the girls are way different
like girls we have like tons of pairs of
shoes we like options but he picks one
pair of shoe and he wears that shoe like
every single day tell their dad oh the
wall of shoes which kind are you looking
for dude
whatever is easy to please that going to
be your favorite shoe there's some cute
shoes in here guys look at these look at
yeah I would eat you like this it's not
your size and we're not getting any
today yes but they're cute they're cute
you don't wear shoes yet ha because you
don't want to cover up those cutest
don't oh okay we finally made a decision
some new shoes took us a while to get to
this point we weren't sure at first what
style you wanted and then once he
figured out the style
nobody had his behinds and centered is a
lot like me I'm realizing that he like
like when you get something in his head
it he likes like a style he's going to
search for it he doesn't just want any
other shoe he wants that kind of shoot
anyway that's how I am I don't really
get something unless I really love the
job good you like them
alright where are those ones out Oh so
it's beautiful I'm doing I'm doing all
alone I didn't need any hell didn't have
any help you see that should get the oil
for the top cooker
did you put everything in it already yes
I know nothing yet Karen yeah wagon okay
well let's read the box where's your box
so each of the children are making their
own recipe for the box because princes
chart is having her birthday on Sunday
she's bringing treats with her closet
and then the other two wanted to bake
too so we're just making a lot of treats
I'm getting this Winkle and I'm doing
this okay okay well we got your powder
stuff in so now we got to put the next
thing and let's see what we got yo hey
is it half we need one cup water in
yours
one cup water what okay how much water
do we need in yours get your thing okay
put a lot to get your box we need to
figure out how much we need so proud
here is having so much fun oh yeah
we won four tap water okay we need 1/4
cup so let's get 1/4 cup this is their
favorite part
I need a napkin did you put two eggs in
do the other egg and then I'll give your
napkin oh wow I can see good job honey
Oh beautiful
ok vixen go ray oh my goodness oh right
whatever it sparkles and all sorts of
colors we got dueling Queens oh don't
worry you got my eggs yeah I wanna fly
hand side put in moms we got a whole lot
of artificial deliciousness that's what
we got in this house
oh honey that is accusing in the entire
world so cute
all right are these babies done yet oh
they're looking really delicious
yeah these ones are super pink and
beautiful I mean these ones are rock
cards that's brownie hey thank you guys
for everyone of you who have made us an
end slate I really like them a lot of
them I don't use because they don't fit
see how this one's kind of like a little
bit too not wide enough is that a term -
not wide enough I think they need to be
sixteen by nine to fill up the whole
space so if you're making one just keep
that in mind but I thought this one
looked really good so I wanted to use it
even though there's some black bars on
the side check out what we're doing
yesterday what I can't even remember
good golly Miss Molly better go click on
that video watch it I wouldn't want to
miss a day of the Shaytards would I now
come on silly there's like Oh stuff
happen and I don't know where I just
went there I blacked out for a moment
I'll click on the feeling lucky button
if you want to see what the Shaytards
we're doing one two three four and five
years ago click on those cute
corresponding faces above
hey it's Friday okay it's the weekend
smile put a smile on your face jump up
hip-hop hooray ho don't be sad we're not
gonna be here on the weekends there's
plenty of reruns to watch Hey uh coming
soon this next week actually in a couple
days I have an announcement for you
there's going to be some Chatard content
on
the weekends stay tuned wink wink
okay love you guys see y'all Monday oh
by the way we're flying to New York on
Sunday so maybe we'll see some of you
there
