when
future is where
two levels
you guys are mad at me today's vlogs
getting a lot of thumbs down our vlogs
usually average ninety-nine point two so
anything above ninety nine point two I'm
always like let's usually the average
per vlog that's like the percentage of
likes two dislikes so - you know 99 -
you see them all they're all above 99
point - to see today's already at ninety
seven point six I'm in trouble and my
initial reaction is to be like come on I
wasn't like purposely trying to like
make homeless people feel bad I'm
talking about I would I think what I'm
assuming and I'm almost positive that
the negative thumbs down or because of
the sign yesterday when we saw the sign
I wish I would have never seen that sign
and I know a majority of you are like
shy it's not a big deal but you know
sometimes I have to be introspective and
because I tell you guys to do that and I
think to myself well was that
insensitive maybe maybe I shouldn't have
done that maybe I should have thought
about that before I had princess hard
hold to sign and take a picture because
I guess to some people that you know are
less fortunate or who have sincerely
suffered there are probably some of you
right now watching this video who have
maybe eviction notices pending and maybe
there's some of you who have suffered
with that in the past or who have you
know lost a job or who had to actually
go to like a home or something like that
so I just I want to be introspective and
think to myself instead of like getting
all defensive and being like well you
guys come on don't take everything so
seriously you know maybe I shouldn't
have done that and I apologize if there
are any people out there who have been
homeless or who are worried about that
happening to them or who have just gone
through some hard times I know I have
gone through some hard times I have told
you guys that you know our history if
you've been watching our videos there
were months early in our relationship
where we couldn't buy groceries where it
was whether we're gonna pay our rent or
buy food for ourselves and so I know how
that feels it's a terrifying horrible
feeling there's nothing worse than money
stresses believe me I know I I've been
there whether you believe that or not so
I do want to apologize you know for that
yesterday and you know in hindsight you
know I think myself I'm like well it
probably was
kind of insensitive you know I was I
just saw the sign and I was vlogging it
and I thought it was interesting to see
that and then I thought it'd be cute or
funny to have Princess hard hold the
sign and I was wrong and I'm sorry
I apologize if I offended anybody by
that I'm really I'm sorry ok so we're
here at maker studios we're gonna go in
and have a meeting all right rock tizzle
Oh
Lanta I dropped the camera say don't be
such a butterfingers dad it won't be
funny thing goodbye they don't be such a
butterfingers dad thing what are you
have in your mouth don't put that
necklace yeah yeah yeah that's yucky
alright come on you want to have a big
important meeting okay let's go
businessman alright it's another day
today's another day to get shots
I'm sorry yeah I'm sorry he doesn't know
what's about to hit him but yeah you got
to get shots a lot when you're a baby
like every two months like yeah there's
a lot of shots I'm sorry
oh hey school sweetie has no idea
alright
don't hate me okay I love you I really
do it's for your own good
it is I promise we did it
he's asleep he was not happy I just fed
him right away and he's okay Oh guys oh
look at the head chair that's a cool
chair look at the back of that what is
that it's like real okay ready
what if you get sick and throw up how
fast can you get going mmm the union
come pretty fast in those chairs alright
our makers studios for an important
meeting with my three-year-old that's a
good thing about I'm part of the company
so you can just bring your kit to work
nobody can tell you not to on the rock
guard huh you can come to all my
meetings first let's get your really
dizzy so you can throw up on the
conference table
what do you think about this ray I think
that I'm spinning yeah you're so
demanding
that's it you're gonna wish you never
asked to be spun no nothing to see here
keep moving I'm spinning you bro what is
that I thought that was fast
all right ready I'm tired shut up I just
had the craziest thing happened to me
this has never happened to me before
rode hard and I finished with his
appointment we went to the grocery store
I'm going in the world free store
there's this lady standing there with a
baby that's probably about his age and a
little maybe 3 4 year old and she's you
know standing there with a sign needing
money so of course I give her some money
and I go in the grocery store I go you
know get my groceries whenever and I
come out she's gone but I'm standing
there kind of where she was feeding
retard like a little baby food thing
before I go into the t.j.maxx store to
buy Cecily a birthday present
well anyway so I'm standing there
feeding the baby and this cop I know
it's a horrible story I gotta tell him
though ok I know don't be embarrassed he
comes up on his motorcycle and he's like
hey come here I'm like yeah he goes
what are you doing boy uh throwaways
some baby food stuff in the garbage can
gimme my baby and he goes yes money and
I go yeah cuz I thought he said do you
have some money and he said were you
asking for money but I was like yeah and
he goes okay ma'am that's against the
law and I'm just like what I'm like no
no no I wasn't asking for money I I was
anyways it was his whole miss thing and
he thought that I was the lady with the
kids
okay I have to finish the story later
because retard obviously is embarrassed
he doesn't want me to tell you okay
won't tell um okay I'll tell you guys
later good what is that brush and why do
you have it as a low step if there's
pretty polka-dotted bo staff you want to
hold any careful guess alright so how is
school so to finish my story apparently
there is this group of people that are
using moms and babies and children as a
ploy like not they're not using them but
they are they're posing as them to get
money and I asked the cop and Michael
are is it their kids and he's like they
don't even know if it's the person
that's standing there if they even own
the children or if they're like using
them somehow from a daycare or something
they don't even know so anyways it's
this big scam and I gave them money I
told him I can actually gave her money
but I didn't I wasn't asking for money
he thought I was
scary right scary I almost got picked up
by the cops where's that mean that means
I almost went to jail cuz I'm crazy no
cuz he thought I was somebody else not
as cool of the story
Oh
check it out we got the bathroom clean
thirsty buddy you're thirsty so happy
looks great
I'm just gonna finish a vacuuming our
bedroom and that way we can live in a
nice house I'm not living a crap hole
look good that's nice I gotta find a
place to put my YouTube buttons over my
play buttons what's gonna be home any
second and I think a package just came
in the mail for Prince's tarts birthday
you gonna drink good okay babe I think I
heard her come home are you guys home
come up here wow it's cool where'd you
guys go we just stayed after school ah
just played after school we stayed after
school
did you get in trouble just to stay
after school cuz you're in trouble you
know just for fun yeah well I almost got
picked up by the cops
oh I want some of that why'd you get
almost picked up by the cops oh I don't
care what you do where did your mommy do
Brookes ma stole some stuff you don't
you do the usual yeah no really I told
them the story all right oh never mind
enough I don't need to know I'll see it
later when I edit this almost coughing
your kiss all right it is somebody's
birthday coming up pretty soon I'm gonna
send it to Grandma tard you guys see the
room it's clean we're gonna keep it that
way we promise you know how we're always
yelling you guys keep your rooms clean
in our rooms that dirtiest room in the
house I always feel guilty about that
I'm like get your own plane and I come
in here in my car I'm such a mess
hypocrite much parenting it's for
juillet that's a French word that means
valuable no it's for juillet it's a
French word that means bitch it's pretty
late
it's fragile a rundown will open this
while you're running downstairs
come on Aurora wait for you to open this
it's gonna take a long time we'll get
we'll get it started
what the bride says things are ok now
that she's gone open the box
hey rock-hard open it oh where we just
cut the tape so it's easier for when she
comes upstairs
wow that's cool right all right open it
buddy okay by the time he's done open it
okay it's like really all right you see
him look at you first like serious mom
are you yeah you can help help help cut
the tape so that well maybe we should
wait I don't know I would sure just wait
this is for juillet what is fragile I
mean say say it's French for very
valuable okay it actually means don't
slap the box I think it what it means
fine charge will you beat your younger
brother for me the best dick you have
three sons do you realize that you have
three sons my three sons I think
somebody needs a helicopter you want a
helicopter
dink Dax's ready to get a helicopter oh
he got so hot he did did you vlog it no
I've logged the before and after I
didn't love the crying wobble I'm
hugging you it's not baby okay you want
a helicopter let's do a helicopter okay
ma you got one shout watch it alright
you're ready
helicopter commence the helicopter three
two one feet where okay open it up what
is it this is from your grandma Laurie
so big hug another box just what you
always wanted
who has a bow oh it looks like a drawer
you can put some salt clothes in there
later
bingi
one of those thingies that you wanted
there's a paper it's a dress
do you like it the whole outfit you are
the glasses the ladybug purse let me see
it some turn hold that dress up hold the
dress up let's see that is so sassy you
looking where that's like that's like a
Sunday dress wear this got to brunch do
a few business deals carry a little toe
quiet I'm talking about a hypothetical
situation here you like it tell grandma
thank you gonna thank you so much much
what are you eating
hence miss knish Thomas is a hummus it's
delicious
do you love it yeah I think you're so
cute give me five too slow too slow oh
you got it you got it you got me give me
a mess goodbye uh-huh gonna have it whoa
come back hey hey what what watch out
watch out hey strike the Empire Empire
Strikes Back
haha heard that one before no but you've
never seen it loser
speaking of star wars my buddy Corey
Vidal and my other buddy Craig wheezy
waiter benzyne me and him and then we
just made a new Star Wars video I'll
leave a link below it's really good what
are you doing
you like the song sing it for me bro out
I just retell it
all right so mommy target is trying to
tell me the story and did you well I
asked her I said so you blogged about
this she was I think I did so I did but
I can't remember if I told every single
part of the story that I just wanted you
so tell us the full story nothing but
the story in all the story okay I'll
help you baby why go to the grocery
store and there was a lady with a baby
and a four year old three year old child
with her and I felt bad so I gave her
money and then I went into the store and
I was shopping in this wait did you give
her money because people are mad at us
for me making that joke with about the
homeless sign yesterday no you guys Klug
gives money to people all the time she
gave a lady three hundred dollars the
other day which I shouldn't brag about
because I know now like those blessings
have just been taken away money people
all the time anyways come here you're a
very considerate thoughtful young man so
did you see that sign yesterday yeah
some people in the vlog comments are
saying that was really inconsiderate of
me to have princess start hold that sign
up do you think that was like
inconsiderate to homeless people for me
to do that well it might be to some
people though and now pinyin I don't
think so but because I mean there's
holding up a sign but it might be
offensive to other people so would it be
offensive to maybe people who are not as
you don't live as much blessings as us
yeah
thank you right if you were homeless it
would probably offend you you think IRA
I don't really care you don't do you
think people should care about that kind
of stuff I mean it's just a little thing
it doesn't really matter but but some
people turn little things into big
things do you think I was trying to hurt
somebody's feelings by doing them Oh
yours trying to be funny yeah sometimes
I'm not very funny huh well
sometimes don't admit that anyway so
Glen almost got arrested because the cop
thought that she was the lady trying to
get money and it was a scam it was a
scam the cop says and we there was a
couple the other day at a target that
had two little kids and we gave him a
ton of money because we're like oh my
gosh people there with kids and I
wondered I wanted it I want to do like
tied up a stakeout like I want to watch
these people like are those really their
kids did they like just get these kids
off the street but the cops said it was
a scam so what else did he say he said
you don't get my money and I was like
well I did but I don't feel bad
yeah cuz I felt I mean it worked for
them didn't it okay you got money
check out money hopefully she uses it to
help her children anyways we love
everybody I love the faces he look he
makes Lego Lego my camera like oh my God
thank you thank you let's see what these
Yahoo's are doing what what what is that
what what is that I mess it up no he did
who's she ah the finger of scorn is
being pointed at the birthday girl what
did you do don't you mess up mom are you
texting grandma oh cool what's that read
my silence Shazam
I'm sure zooming songs you Texan grandma
thing I was shooted Annie I just tried
this thing hold on hey what are you
setting up right here baby tart
explanting what what trying to set up
some see what we set up he told me oh no
what is that man
are you setting up for my birthday but
she got into my private stuff that I've
maybe gonna get for her for her birthday
oh so you got in trouble for getting
into her private stuff oh my table over
there then she took busted all right
yeah I straighten up the room alright
keep it clean okay
now we're going to Claire's it's Kelly's
birthday this weekend and it's also
princess print that's hard this way it's
also her birthday this weekend let's see
it
oh she's wearing her new beautiful dress
the grandma gave her she's so excited
we're trying to find a present for
Kaylee and we are what else are we doing
here going to Claire and because it's
All Right girls what a girls day big
crazy girls day
hey girl hey why'd you pound I said this
for my friend
we're your friends hey what did you find
for you skel looking so glamorous in
here I can't stand it hi are you finding
stuff down clip-on earrings so I got you
two pairs oh look we put them how many
um if you get one packet how much is
there free buy two get one free
oh how happy it is not gone here look
look at look at these lights are all
clip-on and these are support ok are we
happy ladies
I got somebody carrying on me they're
beautiful okay I got these little Eiffel
Towers that those are my girls
cake ones and Bertone Oh Dawson you have
to model them hey I see you thank God
okay ready all right ready
that's okay here how you want to do it
like how Oh
Mohawk okay you don't make you sweet
Mohawk you ready
hey ready oh you ready see ya
let me see look at daddy okay here's my
foot ready and up how do you try again
you like it you look so cool what are
you doing this he'll make an icicle in
it see a circle in it okay baby turn
doing something special all right let me
see turn your head that way okay stay on
my foot
you ready okay look at it you like it
listen go to bed that's enough all right
good night I love you guys see you
tomorrow
what about go to bed you're gonna go to
bed right now boy
get in bed see in the morning the good
night so I think that's pretty ironic
that that happened to Cole at the very
next day after the sign thing happened
it you know makes me feel I can
definitely relate now I feel like you
know you don't know if God gives you
those experiences or if it's just life
or whatever but like just the feeling of
thinking that a cop was accusing my wife
of like begging for money it made me
feel a little bit uneasy and so then to
like compare that to me holding that
sign up and kind of making fun of people
who have to really actually do that it
really brings into perspective so I
really do
feel bad and I'm sorry about that is
that how that make you feel I don't
think that you meant to make fun no I
definitely
it was just insensitive I wasn't
thinking about my actions I definitely
think I'm gonna get this sign and make
homeless people feel like crap cuz you
know what homeless people need to feel
like more crap uh-huh anyways I think it
was just pretty ironic that that
happened today after it was ironic and
it was very interesting but um
everything's cool
good I'm mat in jail so that's good wish
you are sometimes then I can give you a
conjugal visit ha ha ha click on
yesterday's vlog not thinking before you
speak well my life's full of them just
watch my videos speaking of which let's
see what I was saying inappropriately
one two three four and five years ago
guarantee you'll find one in every day
seriously I want you to do that I'm
going to go through the last five years
and find one thing that I did or said
that I should have probably thought
through before I did okay I'm sure
you'll find plenty of instances where
shaycarl is an idiot it's not hard to
find them they're all over the internet
for everybody to see alright click on
the field lucky but you guys that's the
Star Wars video it is corey vitals dream
video i think he could probably die now
because he's so happy about this video
and a lot of people work oh yeah it's
amazing it's amazing click on the film
lucky button and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye bye
