Oh
you're on camera and cry
two left
who's that dude who that is Bonnie the
bear
she is my special bear when I was eight
years old I got this bear and her name
is Bonnie so you have to be nice to her
okay can you give her kisses oh that's
good that's nice that's a weird feeling
seeing your three-year-old hold your
bear that you got when you are eat what
uh tricks it Bonnie
Jay whites
tell us about your writing
Ellen Boise good you went so far are you
doing tricks with Bonnie Trish - Bonnie
that's so amazing all right so I'm
editing the vlog and it sounds like the
kids just got home and today I think
princess Carter was running the mile and
I told her that she had to beat says our
because he's always the fastest in the
class the kids an athlete he was like
the best on the soccer team and he
always gets first place in the mile and
I told her I said don't let him beat you
today so let's see how she did Brett
that darn what do you want what do you
want wiggity wiggity wiggity whack come
here did you run the mile today didn't
lame would you have beaten Cesaro though
I want you to call out says our right
now and tell him you're gonna beat him
the next mile well I don't know I mean
calling out right here on the camera say
what up says our this is me calling you
out you're gonna lose next time we run
the mile it's not okay Oh
tongue-tied somebody must be in love
come here bring your fruit by the foot
let's chat that fruit by the foot how
come you have a foot of fruit cuz my mom
is the best mom in the world
that's not the good part how is school
what's that has your mom been shopping
online again oh I'm gonna get her but
what's in here
I don't know we open it oh yeah we open
here oh well then it's not how was
school
I mean nothing huh
nothing every school and my friend up me
wait wait wait you have a friend that's
mean oh wait we came up with a bunch of
songs on this album and I think we're
gonna sing a different gospel uh-huh I
think I like it
I know you can and you know you kid this
is good boy I think you can beat Cesaro
I really do I know you can run faster
than him okay
just cuz you're in love with him doesn't
mean you need to let him beat you all
right look he's watching this right now
hey hi just wave at him get a little
high say what's up says our dad I'll see
you at school every day okay say it so
how do them right now say I'm gonna
Beach with the mile run I'm gonna beat
you in the mile when whatever would do
it so you're going down you're going
down if you really think I'm cute you'll
let me beat you if you really do you
really think I'm cute I you're good
they're gonna let me be you're gonna let
okay I think we get the point
all right baby tard look you did you
have a good day at school
yes um that group really up really up go
ask your mom if we can open this yeah go
ask her I want to open that can we open
your online shopping package polite and
tight-ass why what is it
oh right right right right it's your
birthday soon your birthday love just go
opening packages before they're supposed
to be and it's your birthday love you
want to tell what we're gonna be where
we're gonna be for your birthday yes
well why are you so dude upset it'll be
fun
trust me I'm gonna we'll go to the
Disney Store in Times Square and I'll
let you get a dress a really nice
sprinkly sparkly dress okay we're going
to New York players will get you some
for players to buy but what I want for
my birthday is anything from Claire's
anything even earrings what if I get you
uh like gift certificate so you can
button go there buy whatever you want
like that idea like $5,000 key card I
don't think so
get out of here where's my brookie can
you get me one sure hey you can even get
my text huh no I'm starvin Marvin what's
for lunch eat punchy I feel chicken
curry it's golden egg join I got a
golden ticket
okay guys want to see what's in the egg
this is from your grandma Peggy
it is a very special golden egg are you
ready
it is ha
a note roulette Sun card read it son
tarde would you like to read the note
here you go
may retrieve the note from your golden
egg here uh your Scrabble just grab it
brother
grab it yeah kind of Scrabble Oh like no
I can't just grab I just grabbed it it's
lean pork butts right there oh I reminds
me of Indiana Jones
so Holy Grail I won't happen
Oh
okay Sontag where does it say like dear
Gavin a the enemy brocken - thank you
for such a good time we adore dating so
much I love you and I will see you in my
chicken
oh really when she wrote that and
grandpa asked her to read it she cried
because she misses you guys already but
not sweet we miss our grandparents so
much
oh wait you fell on the side of the cola
Herter
what a stinker okay so we are right now
outside of a flower shop we're getting
flowers for Kaylee because we're gonna
go see the baby and you guys look what I
just found we are parked right behind
this pole waiting for mommy card she
just ran in and I think I see something
that it looks very interesting to me and
I always always wondered about this
check this out what is this right here
hungry homeless anything will help
god bless food stranded food dude I've
always wondered about this hungry less
anything helps thanks they messed up on
this one
that was their rough draft check it out
it's one of those homeless people signs
go stand out there on the corner what's
down there on the corner cuz everytime I
see those signs people holding those
science they look so old like they've
been using them for years I always lie
to myself do they have these signs I get
home and they're like going through like
a selection of signs that they've made
and they like pick their very favorite
one who stand out right there
go stunner right there go stand over
there on the corner just do it I know
you're not but it'll be funny so I just
saw that like hidden inside that pillar
so I want to know now is there somebody
that like lives around here that comes
out here and gets that sign and hides it
in the pillar so they don't have to
carry a home with them I thought you
should get so much money don't you help
a young lad won't you help a young girl
folks Oh denied look they didn't even
give you any money those heartless
people can't even give a little girl
some cash hey do you want it you want to
do that as a job we'll get you some like
ratty clothes you can set on the corner
and ask for money No
but flying your itthat's line not
working for money understand all right
well we better put it back it's not our
sign good put it back in there it's so
crazy I have always wondered about this
they have a science slid right in there
okay well we know where your hit hiding
places for your sign homeless person
Japan hi
getting free stuff happen with this
places chocolate box my friend referred
to zoo baby cuz he's developed but in
his life doesn't reversed elephant for
him coming in and then we have this
sinus and this isn't no I know this is a
pill mr. magnetic and eventually from
Grandma sets from brand yeah
mmm-hmm Remillard and Grandpa tall okay
so we're going to strip new baby and
we're getting it some stuff so you know
it has a great life and so we'll see
there alright what you get oh that's
cute
I like it Carl because they couldn't be
here they said please pick out a flower
arrangement for them from us who did
this
do you see a picture I just posted on
Instagram no am I gonna get crap for it
well I saw you walking out here with a
sign we found his sign look go look
inside that pole right there see that
that crazy come look at this picture of
Francis start we found somebody's hidden
stash they feel stinky like that's
somebody's property that funny oh she
looks cute she does look like modern art
life isn't easy in the big city if it's
a modern art by the trashcan it's
overflowing out of the trash over I
thought that might make it look you
added trash yeah I went and got some out
of our van and put it in the trash
look look you better wash your hands
before we see that baby do you remember
this place this is where you came into
the world yeah I remember dad
cedars-sinai hospital got the flowers
got the elephant got the chocolates Oh
Kaylee's in for quite the treat hello -
a new baby she thought me in case you
were twins
handsome twins what do you think aunt
Bailey bunny Oh add your sister actually
your brother I'm just learning how to
talk what do you think do you like him
well girls what do you think he's a tiny
baby I'd ever seen except for that last
one you held it's a kind of he's tinier
tinier stick by like three ounces see
three ounces tinier okay what's caring
in a monastic my hand is bigger than my
hands because in your head see look how
tiny you are mine is in your head
you left him he's a new person
communication he's cute oh hey you
excited to see your cousin he's like
yeah we were just hanging out six months
ago you kidding me
we had big plans we came down here yes
you did I bet
okay don't tell us all your plans right
now or it will ground you before we even
know about them all okay just che in his
hospital doesn't work in six months no
wait oh yeah large I figured out what
the problem was we had small gloves
doctor what is your prognosis of the new
baby cage do you want to know exactly
what you look like when you're a little
baby look at your little brother and put
your face next to his no I'm sick okay
keep your face away it's good big
brother good big brother is like he's
our only blue-eyed baby the only blue
eyed baby's minor greenish blue those
are Logan and Carly's eyes he got
Braley's yeah that's the that's the
Casey that's the UD side of the family
yeah it's my mom and Casey and Carly
coming out he's the only one that didn't
get the brown eyes like all the other
brats yeah exactly she's the queen
breath oh hey babe you're on the baby
you can't elbow me in the genitalia
okay good and we also talked about cuts
and scratches and birds what what degree
burns did we talk about
all right what award did you win tonight
ready man
what what do you know what that looks
like don't ya kind of looks like Green
Cross you see a lot here in LA what did
you have to do to get that award
oh one about like that energy maneuver
the Heimlich maneuver
okay demonstrated on one of your sisters
princess hard stand up he has two shows
I'm lucky to maneuver where you go like
this no no joke I'm not gonna do usually
just like right under the rib cage push
it and then he goes why do you do that
in case what
just like choking and you had to do that
to me once I did huh choking Bob sighs
saved her life in the newer and I'm
losing chef too many gobstoppers in his
mouth and I'd to Heimlich him good thing
I knew how to do it huh or you would
only have two brothers instead of three
snake
it's a nightmare Oh No good job hey Rob
tard are you gonna share with all your
buddies here I think they all want some
Capri Sun I'm gonna share not okay
so moments after I posted that picture
of Princess hard holding that sign on my
Instagram account I started getting all
these comments like sure you're making
fun of homeless people come on I assure
you I was not I just thought it was
interesting that we found the sign and
if you go look at the picture you'll see
that princess car looks really cute and
I think it's a pretty good picture I
used a really good filter a properly
placed
Sierra filter always pops the picture
I'm considerate and well aware that
there are people that are less fortunate
and I'm not trying to degrade those
people by any means I just thought it
was interesting that we found a sign and
we took a little picture I don't know
don't be a kind of person that's always
looking for things to point out like
hope you did that wrong you do that
wrong it's it's not a good road to go
down I promise you look for the good
things look for the things that people
are doing well and it'll make you feel
better I promise I promise you
thanks for watching today's vlog thanks
for being a part of our lives wanna see
we're doing 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 15 16 17 years ago click on those
corresponding buttons and as always
we'll see you tomorrow
