she's like sent some guru or something
you have to go down this log slide is
out screaming what are you doing dude I
we want to get one of those well yeah no
I don't think so much smell it guys
we're in a very smelly place we're
trying out some perfumes we actually
just took Gavin his football party and
we're trying to kill some time so I'm
like let's go to a purple store because
it boys like that right mmm feel like
 yeah going to a football party
anyways how are you guys doing today I
hope you're coming well I always liked
it fragrant sections it's always fun to
try all the different smells
ABF ah I have noticed the Avia has a
very like she she smelt one and she goes
what do you think of this when she was
the smells really vintage she and I
smelt it and I'm like you're right does
she's very she's like a sense guru or
something I've been asking her like
anything about this one yeah I think
she's turning in that one is good I
think she's turning into my new Carly I
always asked Carly all my fashion advice
and scent advice and makeup advice but I
think AV is going to be the new Carly
for me she's amazing okay we destroyed
the perfume store now we're here to
destroy something else
you guys ready to jump we're going here
howdy yeah I can't do it I'm still in a
dress I went to my sister's babies
blessing and
I was the only one that didn't bring it
to Co blame wall they've changed it oh
it's huge in here how cool all right
let's go play hey go put your shoes away
there you go now you're ready to go play
yeah
nothing ok so here we are at this jumpy
house going through hello
oh man I gotta get angry action right
away leave on Pakistan yeah it's evil uh
good we have to go down this long slide
without screaming give it pretty hard
okay right okay I'm ready what's going
up the clock timing of Terror hey Alex
was trying to you can't get up so she
does not cry right that Brock Jackson
what's your name mister him I always do
that like I'm trying to figure out how
they brought Jackson with me I see a bra
for jackson allu a somersault into the
Kodak's oh he's trying to do it - oh my
goodness
okay let's see a dad Oh what are you
doing dude baby whiplash
my goodness Isaac on scene
nice job dude hey Daxton it's time to go
we're gonna go get pretzels
we're gonna go get pretzel on some
pretzel
hey let's go yeah right have you helped
me this is the hardest part when it's
time to go
Hey okay hi how's it goin how's your
Monday morning hopefully you got up an
atom and got to school and had a bright
shiny smile on your face you chose
happiness and hope and peace maybe on
the other hand shows doing her chores
watch these cold steel hey how's it
going what are you doing going on trips
going on trips going on trips at a
favorite rocket ship inside edge row
they decided to keep gummi bears
okay you guys are going to Moss and just
Megan on airplane we're going to a very
special movie premiere you'll see will
tell you well I'll play right now
Miranda sings we're gonna go to her yeah
anyways come on let's go we got to
finish vacuum in the car and get the
luggage pack okay we got suitcases and
purses Emmy get all your stuff rocking
the twenty one pilots shirt all right
let's load up here Brock we help me with
this what no I'm talking to Emmy nods a
Studio C shirt bro grandma yes guys
we're grandma's house come here oh I
just saw underneath your pants look what
she's oh look what I'm wearing
we did not plan this no I got my socks
off I'll sleep in this house right any
bright oh the tricks in Nicholas no this
is lovely
oh yeah that's I just nice to me my men
won't wear anything so that's awesome oh
that looks so good we were getting a
home come to yeah grandma meal I'm so
are these cucumbers from your garden no
they're called arbors Oh awesome lemon
cucumbers I love those kind of my
favorite what is this
that is a lemon cake
Papa see we are spoiled all right so
we're grandmas and you know what happens
when you come to Grandma's house you're
inevitably gonna find a snake in the
ditch Bank though it is did you kill it
today was just gonna scare craft no
we'll take a shovel to your face grandma
hates snakes if you took that in the
house that'd be the first time you ever
saw your grandma say the f-word or
something I don't know but grandma does
not like snakes
grandma will take a shovel to those
things and chop them up into like ten
little pieces
all right Gavin's on some sort of device
so hard it's kind of weird
yeah how does it work
let your siblings try the magical
machine boy like a skier I think yeah
you got I gotta get the momentum going I
think the more you turn cool dude
different traveling devices yeah baby a
big old push right into the ditch pink I
like your shoes if those are like
princess Jordans there she goes
now pump how faster you can push
yourself grout lean back and forth like
turn kind of like skiing you guys get
going fast
good hey I don't have a good idea what
if I chase you guys with the drone let's
go start running
all right name one positive thing that
means backed in one another
oh that's a good question
I like that question what's one positive
thing you see in one another yeah a lot
of the interesting look there's a
fanfare and you're stuck by traffic
listening to the debate I respect his
board his children good answer
incredibly able good answer and devoted
it's gotten so bad that we're now
climbing out of the sunroof we've been
here for about ten minutes yeah oh yeah
it's a pretty big wreck get a shot for
us here dude
what okay okay guys we'll try to zoom in
for you but yeah right over there
there's a really big wreck there's an
ambulance and there's people oh I'm
sorry that guy
people in their cars and yeah it's great
as you can see there's a bunch of cars
backed up by so then there's those cars
but yeah so that's what we're doing and
we might miss our flight but that's okay
I guess I'm back in the air kill me
okay hello yeah I think we might lose
guys check it guys hi how's the view out
there Brock we might miss our flight
that ask yourself does everything happen
for a reason where we meant to miss her
why was this person accident wreck was
that supposed to happen because we were
two miles from the airport when this
happen my tech tech watch this but
that's vide okay oh my gosh that scared
me hahahaha I turned on the Wednesday
hey Dad
- made right my face smells pretty good
I guess we're together that's all it
matters yes it is how long we've been
here now buddy I'd rather be stuck in
traffic with me there's a shooting pin
right there I can just
this is a forest object dang it how many
cars are wrecked Gavin it's just one car
how many cars are wrecked any cars in
front of us but how many are in the
wreck oh you can't looks like almost
three or four yeah to pile up well you
got to wait till they get the wreck
cleaned up Daxton thanks for being a
good boy forty guys doing back there he
playing with Gavin's phone where's Emmy
oh there she is hi lupus Oh where's Ava
kids hanging out of the cardboard okay
guys we'll let you know hopefully we get
to the airport I don't know boy Axton
wait we're Daxton go - why'd you say
that
you guys remember Carly's proposal video
at Disneyland there was a guy that said
that was like I'm so happy for you and
now the kids are always singing oh oh
we're cops it's crazy guys well we're
still waiting there's oncoming traffic
it's bad people are just walking around
now yeah you guys we were two miles you
can see that it says two miles from the
airport we were so close it must have
been not meant to be for us to get to
the airport we could run our flight
takes off in 45 minutes
totally we're gonna make it all right
from the side of a highway we'll update
you when we get somewhere who knows and
die no thanks my life is worth more than
$20 and I mean I like Andrew Jackson
specially oh my gosh pray for the people
that were in that that's scary yes
okay are we gonna make our flight you
know we are really pushing it but if we
can consolidate back some donors airbag
I think we might be able to do it we're
gonna try wearing the max yet but I can
start an effort it's 9:09 and our flight
takes off at 10:03 and we got about five
minutes get to the airport can we do it
let's see that's not you direct you're
not gonna believe it but I think we made
it go guys Rock look at Brock turn
around show him your ukulele Brock's a
traveler he's a musician yes I think we
got the skycap Club I dropped her off
right at the get the curb without the
skycap dude to check our luggage in the
path we parked
you're late for quite and you got two
year-old legs to walk one will hurry
hustle
wait for me guys did we make it think so
can you believe it
no we did our bags are checked we got
reporting passes dances very good news
it's job okay you guys I think we did it
I think we might really hit him as a 941
or flight takes off which I dental three
and so they're probably boarded what
we're good I think we'll make it
Coleman this is a miracle we did it at
first I was like things happen for a
reason we're not supposed to go on this
flight and then somehow we made it Brock
turn it up dude it's time to celebrate
let's start jamming out the final go
down we're drunk they've had way too
much to drink in Joe all right let me
see some clean touchin will slap the
plane for luck a little Baxton
for safety we bless you plan here we go
load and we're in the very last row of
the planet
you
all right Mandy we did it
Los Angeles California feels good to be
here
Gabby ready yeah lots of good jokes
not a bad fly it is pretty quick who
knows we're cuttin Daxton are
