what is he doing is in this bum bow is
bums in his bum bow
Ron I want to get you a giant bum buh I
want to feed you applesauce while you
sit naked in a giant bum bow with a
shovel
I wanna get a giant plastic shovel and
feed you applesauce while you sit in a
bum Bonica is that what Mormon heaven is
like
two left
Oh
just lots of big fat naked different
what mama that one warm in heaven I
Sammy and Ron are going for a beast of a
bike ride this morning but first we got
to fuel up Ronald this right here my
friend is a celestial fruit that you
will experience in the Mormon heaven
once I convert you oh love it babe why
do you cut it up in such delicious cubes
like that happy more better no one else
will sit here sign know what banana
bread this is me and Ron are dying
because Colette's mom just made banana
bread and it smells so good on my
watermelon for us hey I'll trade you
baby in watermelon do you like Sid not
really what do you like it you're not a
butler only as a piece in his mouth no
piece of looks but he likes no there you
go I'm just holding I got it here sorry
bro
ooh that is slobbery yeah that is so
wrong they mostly I make that face
because this new texture oh look oh oh
here on try this piece bro
why me I think I would even do this is
that room the Ghostbusters Daxton I
think you have a new best friend
Ron's really neat your slide watermelon
yeah yes oh thanks Ron
we are maker studios uh sort maker
studios you can put that in either we're
talking about stuff what we can't start
over good serious Carrie hey guys Magic
Mike hey guys we're about to go on a
bike ride right now and yeah yeah this
is gonna go good bye adios adios mio I'm
like a little bit laksa days ago I guess
today that's what happens when you eat
clam chowder che don't let it happen I'm
use this whole just for this morning oh
sorry I'm a little short on footage I'm
cheating today oh crap now they know oh
dang it okay we're gonna go we're gonna
we're gonna do with that lackadaisical
miss we're gonna go ride our bikes 35
miles wow that's some 35 do these work
do these I get to work get to work and
make some mom's you stop he's a producer
for the moms for you you guys should go
watch the moms you see look at where
we're way ahead of the game that all
these people are going to work work
we're already here some real work yeah
let's do some work soon hey speaking of
which Jesse from prank vs. prank just
texted me yesterday he's coming in town
we should do some we're gonna lift with
him Holy Smoke us to do some lifting
yeah let's do this um yeah we're gonna
go lift with Jesse from prank vs. prank
he's Jesus he's a fine specimen he is
very explain his body is sculpted and
curved and tanned and because we have
abs yeah yeah he looks way better than
us maybe we shouldn't it looks way
better than we know it's good we need
him yeah we definitely knew that all
right let's go look at Sam macaroni
showing up for work
I got a 9
meeting I gotta get are you on that way
yeah all right love you why are you guys
excited we're getting a new family
member today we just found out what is
indeed pregnant no that's no way man oh
we're not tell me okay we know okay I'm
gonna leave cut well I wrote it's right
I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm not
Kaylee's happened a baby today we're so
excited to invite the new baby into our
family and we're just so happy for them
Domon no she's right now it's right 9525
they started at 2:00 let's the start at
2:00 Kelly
Kaylee's belly is open right now cut -
Casey passed out on the hospital room my
brother
Casey he can skin a dead elk and sleep
in it overnight if I had to if he sees
any human blood he's out yeah like he
can he can so weird he can clean out a
carcass on the Serengeti like any animal
that he shoots and kills he can cut that
open he can cut steaks off of it throw
it on the grill and eat it right there
out there on the plains but he sees his
wife's blood at all he'll pass out on
the floor and also if there's possums in
the house okay brother afraid of awesome
- so makes me laugh go get the kids all
right we're going to get the kids and
we're gonna go say hi to baby Butler
well not yet but soon my gosh I just got
the text the baby is here oh I stopped
at the store because princess R has to
run the mile tomorrow and she left her
tennis shoes in Idaho
oh my gosh I was just a box - well he
looks like a brand-new baby look Oh what
do you guys think that's your new cousin
I can't wait to hold it okay now we have
to hurry and go grab some tennis shoes
so that Chris's heart can run the model
tomorrow so we can see the baby I keep
saying we're gonna go see the baby and
it probably won't be later till tonight
till we get to go see him but I'm just
really excited so happy for her and for
Casey of course but you know you know
when you're that pregnant for that long
it's just like oh it's dawn and I know
she's probably so relieved I hope
everything went well I can't wait to
hear crying in the target I'm so happy
what no you can't but I love you
so trying to take advantage of me
because I'm in a an attender mode Roger
I come here look at your new cousin dude
don't assume dude we have the baby yep
we had him dad what do you think who
that that stages brother
Kaylee's baby Casey and Caylee had a new
baby remember that when her tummy was
big cuz she had a baby in it that's her
baby Tommy's not so big now mm-hmm what
do you think about him do you like him
going give him kisses look there he is
again baby care what evening you think
he's cute
what was that red lens on her face he's
got goop on his eyes I had Ranger what's
the deal I can see it show us show us we
want a new entity there's the new baby
this is his new baby new baller added to
the family we'll teach him the ways of
the butler hood he got open guys open to
analyze and dice you can see them pretty
soon buddy you want to see that new baby
kissing what about you you know teach
them the ropes here how to work on that
earth yeah you can teach him all right
okay so we are going out when we use
blog bother me rope rope come here you
can flog bomb me bro
you're part of this family tell me we're
doing I'm going to yes tell him we're
gonna Dukes Dukes in Malibu if you guys
been watching the vlog for any length of
time you know that one of our favorite
places to go that's on the sea right on
the ocean is this little joint called
Dukes in Malibu up the coast yeah we
don't go there that much it's a little
bit of a drive it's kind of expensive
it's delicious it might and you know
that I'm a calamari connoisseur
I love calamari we I think I would price
it has the best calamari of anywhere
I've been close to one of the top three
anyways we're gonna take Colette's
parents there because it's a very nice
place this is where I took Dave Ramsey I
was very excited to take him because in
an email that we were corresponding I
told him hey there's this place I can
take you where you can see dolphins in
the ocean while you eat calamari and
sure enough there were dolphins in the
ocean when we went and ate that day and
then I saw I said Dave I'm the kind of
guy that promises dolphins and delivers
dolphins so hopefully you guys can see
dolphins tonight rocked our do I see a
dolphin
say daddy I love dolphin I learned that
they don't breathe underwater the
grazing here right you know that they
have to come up and breathe air I
understand your water at a time that's
cool how about a blue whale how about a
great whale how long can they stand in
the water
look wait some food nope whales or
dolphins not crazy they have blow holes
right here here's my blowhole boy I
speak whale Oh what do you think about
this
just cruel these waves are coming in
there's a sign right here so this is the
high tide zone and the waiter just came
out and said you guys might have to move
because these waves come up and they
like splash over this wall while you're
eating and get you wet that's fresh fish
they cast you right here look at that
sunset
cliff gorgeous here it is we're out on
the barefoot bar debt right here in
Malibu gorgeous what do you think rock
hard it's fun you're so cute
are you gonna be too cold I told you to
bring your coat
where'd you bring your warrior short
shorts where you're John Stockton shorts
are you cold
yeah no you're tough good five what you
see sea dolphin you saw something where
she swears she saw something what do you
see you see a mermaid yeah what do you
guys see thank you see a mermaid just
your money who do you see Peter Pan
alright here we are at dukes and Malibu
having sprites and getting ready to see
a mermaid
that is a pretty song what do you guys
see what do you see
I feel Rose she don't think game she
sees dolphins but I think she's just
saying or like the dark part of the wave
right right now I believe you princess
tart
I believe you see mermaids are you oh
right if you see a video you know it's
real I saw a video sunset no I haven't I
want to go you guys will have to make a
trip you see it with mermaids dolphin
Colette look at your dad look what he's
doing he's been a I'm taking multiple
pictures right now and that comes with
audio - oh great we get kicked out of
here any minute the kid baby card watch
a giant wave come over and sweep them
out the ocean the ocean there they go
sweep making fun of me I'm trying to
make jokes over here and you're making
fun of me
alright that was a delicious dinner and
I just got a notification on Twitter
that I think is gonna freak the girls
out girls
why baby tard come here did you know
okay look you see this picture right
here you remember that you remember that
this is when we went to the Taylor Swift
concert and we all were Swift t-shirts
together well this girl on Twitter just
posted this a little while ago and look
at this so I go to the likes on it let's
go out here the very bottom guess you
liked it Taylor Swift liked the
Instagram picture with you guys she's
dead she's dead
he's dead what you've done to my
children Taylor Swift listen did you
tell mom and it's the actual account too
if you click on the account it's her
eight point nine million followers
that's awesome so anything about that
Taylor Swift knows who you are well
maybe she doesn't know who you are but
she's seen a picture of you
she's definitely looked at your face
what are you doing right now
she's looking through all of Taylor
Swift's instagrams yeah there's just
wonder where she is um when she was a
little she had to like phone and she's
like okay Brittany come over at two
o'clock that was she said was that the
caption or did I assume no and I didn't
know what type what she said but I know
she said Brittany in it like Britney
Spears no just like I Britney come over
to my house like what's this picture
right here Oh click on she's pretending
that's cute alright going home I know
yes you're going to say hi to me oh he's
getting excited he was laughing are you
excited to meet your cousin hey I don't
blame you and I just tidy oh hey kaboo
so we haven't made it to see the baby
yet we figured we'd give him a night
Kaylee's parents are in town we figure
we just give him a night to kind of
relax and you know be with the new child
Casey my brother who also does YouTube
videos just had his third child I'll
leave a link below if you want to go see
the new baby boy we're excited to have a
new Butler in the family and it's just
it's a good time for all of us so thanks
for watching click on yesterday's vlog
if you want to see the feeling lucky
button what do I got for you today maybe
I'll think of something check out we're
doing one two three four and five years
ago thank you guys we appreciate you
watching our videos and for all of your
love and support see you tomorrow
