okay let's go ready ready okay here we
go here we go we're gonna race baby
turns got bro Turner here cracking up
all right let's go we're racing hi mom
and dad all right let's explain what's
going on here peaches on Heidi it's like
a sandblaster on your calf muscles you
walk out there and there's punch feet up
in the air sin just blasted across your
legs the wind's blowing so hard rock
tart hates it because he's right at that
height so he goes dad I need sunglasses
cuz the sand I'm getting right in his
eyes flat took her parents down to walk
on Venice Beach to check out all the
crazies and being the kid who just here
hanging out at the beach so I just
played some soccer good one quick recap
of the score oh it was 9 to 10 granted I
did have rocker on my shoulders the
whole time you're not gonna tell him
that bro I'm not gonna give him that
little bit of information I was carrying
another human on my back while I beat
you dying son but watch I'm really
excited about making time on day 5 of
the cute Rock charts I'm come say hi
there's in the truck is that your boogie
board nap bed here hold on tight
you ready
bring selfies down here all right we're
waiting for mom and her parents to get
back they went down to look at shops in
Venice all right it's time to eat you
ready to eat I bet you you're not as
excited to eat as I am day five of the
juice cleanse I already know when I'm
gonna get a spinach salad and he's
really good spinach salads here hey see
a turtle where is he I don't see him
well there he is right there some tart
caught him before I was impressed and
heard reach down and grab that turtle
and pull him out of the water he has
quite the wild life man all right all
the kids are getting here rock turtle on
stage just sit next to him gay Jew sit
next to rock card he's been excited for
you to get here vibrating why are your
kids so obnoxious well because they take
after my husband oh my goodness that was
so good
I'll be like their dinner I had the most
of the coconut and crusted mahi mahi
with freshly steamed asparagus dying it
was delicious
did you guys all enjoy your dinner
Kaylee's about to poop out of dinner on
Monday that might not be the best term
for it but uh and you guys also Colette
feels sick and we think she's pregnant
what if you are babe
what if you're pregnant I'm not boys
teased her every time she feels sick
we're like maybe you're pregnant
you better not be pregnant if you are I
want I'm pregnant
Rock card you want another little sister
what do you have Mackey magnets magnet
magnet okay good he has a ball of magnet
we had another girl that would have
three boys and three girls that'd be
like the Brady Bunch family be perfect
what should we name our new baby girl
Hera we know we want name our new baby
girls okay we'll meet you at the movie
theater okay okay sorry
maybe ask first you can write on my
truck bitch you're right my truck best
buddies yes you can put your seatbelts
on girls behave your seatbelts on
Casey punch him in the face they don't
behave like all the girls in the face
okay let's hear the movies all right who
wants to make out with me who's out here
that wants to make out with me maybe
you're pregnant
hey stop like cam stop like can desert
go to boobies I got the boys I got the
crazy boys so we just wouldn't have some
dinner and now we're gonna go see that
movie what's it called have heaven is
real heaven is real nobody saw that
movie did you see them trip I didn't
seem trip basically Roger I ran through
the day at the restaurant butt-naked
we'll tell you more later we got to go
stop like cam stop like cam okay rock
hard were you embarrassed when you ran
through the restaurant naked I'm
embarrassed
so there we are we're all eating right
rocker just disappears this is what kind
of horrible parents we are because we
have eight kids and six adults so
there's like 13 of us or something
Roger just goes to the bathroom himself
he comes running back to our table with
nothing on but his shirt mom I need help
mom I need help like on his way he trips
so what so you needed help wiping your
bumps you just ran into the restaurant
huh were you embarrassed gage are you
embarrassed about your cousin because I
naked
do you remember having moments like that
when you're a younger kid like potty
accidents I remember being at a family
reunion and accidentally poop in my
pants and being so embarrassed to tell
anybody and trying to figure out how I
was gonna clean it up nasty you have
moments like that we had accidents in
your younger stop like cam stop like
camp okay gage let's hear about your
embarrassing time in preschool I peed my
pants and then in recess I didn't play
the whole entire time so what you do
when you had pee in your pants then
we're at the table and I was sitting
down and then somebody I liked in my
school was just a cute girl and when she
saw you did she see you pee your pants
are you so embarrassed were you nervous
so what did you do did you get new pants
or do they dry out here take I gotta go
son tired you grab the camera
and then I draw my Smaug what'd she say
harder than heaven just having kicked
butts pretty hard
these wasn't harder than hell another
beautiful weekend evening here in sunny
Southern California look at those palm
trees look at those palm trees palm
trees we go to the movie guys check it
out it's Kurt Hugo Schneider fellow
youtuber check this out this is cool
this is a coke commercial done by
youtubers I saw this is a pre-roll I
think it's so proud you Kurt Kurt's
making big things happen you guys movie
is awesome you don't see the snow a very
often Toyota Tacoma Nissan Titan Chevy
Silverado
Toyota Tundra it's truck row here at the
movie theater there's rarely see big
trucks like that but I wonder what all
these guys thought was a parking area
what you think of the movie dude do you
like it yeah
I liked it a lot but you know how I feel
about Jesus go see it
heaven is for real with Greg Kinnear he
did a great job good actor I cried I
cried I was just telling son Todd I
cried probably six times throughout the
movie I do bite my hat once I I fell at
one point that I almost was gonna solve
so I bit my hat like this I really did I
was biting my hat because I thought I
was gonna like which I didn't want to do
so I like bit my hat really hard and
then my teeth hurt because I bet my hat
so hard is that weird
the you think I'm a weirdo okay I love
you I love you hey how's it going
at Sunday got my necklace on I'm gonna
wear this because today I am giving a
talk in church I've been preparing my
lesson or it's a talk like me and
Colette get up and speak
in church in our church members just
take turns like we rotate there's not
like one pastor or a preacher it's like
all the members just take turns and this
week it's our turn so I'm speaking on
prayer and Colette's speaking on
scriptures and I'm just going through
old things and like looking up the stuff
and I'm looking through some old journal
entries and I find this entry from
February 23rd 2007 that's seven years
ago just I'm gonna let you guys read
this Friday again Dave Ramsey says in
one of his lessons that we should place
our lives in a way so that we're not
saying oh yes it's Friday and oh gosh
it's Monday it seems those statements
are related and based on one's job is it
an illusion that we could really be
happy excited or even look forward to
going to our place of employment what if
I did the same work but I owned the
business so this is you guys while I
still worked at a granite place before I
started my own business before I started
my own granite business so then I asked
myself would I like it then the two
other granite jobs I did for myself made
me feel free and I didn't feel trapped
or a slave to my boss but if I did start
a granite business would that have any
real meaning to my life or would it just
be a means of a way to pay the bills I
would be happier for sure but would I be
as happy as I could if I really had a
business that made a difference in
people's lives that was seven years ago
like crazy and I was still I was talking
about Dave Ramsey and I was thinking
about just doing something that I loved
and not just something that I loved that
would pay the bills but something that
could possibly be a difference in
people's lives
my insight is so 20/20 and I truly
believe the prayers are answered because
mine have been just looking through
these old journal entries and reading
the things that I used to you know talk
about they're everything that I still
talk about today but I've just been you
know working towards them Pollak I think
hood this is this is this is Gavin
taking upon himself my journal writing
responsibilities in February of 2007
how old was Gavin then he was four four
years this is four year old Gavin look
at this I totally remember this this was
my way I was
trying to I was even trying to stay thin
then says Monday's really are the worst
day of the week for me I start getting
in a bad mood Sunday night because I
know I have to wake up early the next
day then I think about how I hate my job
all day long in which I was doing
something else I have to believe that
some day I will find a career or a job
that I love I don't ever want to give up
on that hope we have already got four or
five calls on the house and somebody is
going to come and look at it tomorrow
we're trying to sell our house so that
house that we sold I used the money that
we made off of that house that we bought
for seventy two thousand dollars and
sold for like a hundred something I used
that money that we made to start my very
first granite business which I talked
about you know know a few jerk entries
later about should I start my own
granite business but I really knew that
I didn't want to have a granite business
I just knew I wanted to work for myself
and then eventually I wanted to have a
business that made a difference in
people's lives it's possible it can
happen for anybody it can happen for you
it happened for me it just takes maybe
seven years seven years can you work and
pray and fight and not give up for seven
years I don't know I did and my dreams
have come true so now it's up to you and
then we gave our talks at church and I
stood in front of about a hundred people
wearing my necklace because I'm a pretty
pretty princess and we're back from
church just like that I was gonna like
maybe vlog a little bit I don't always
feel weird vlogging in church for like
places where a lot of people are that I
know personally cuz I don't know if
that'll just be weird if I'm like hey
guys I'm gonna film this now anyways
we're home Church robbed heart vomited
during my talk
Cecily was there to help clean up after
the vomit induced did you think
hey Rach toys yeah maybe a little too
much spinning sontar did you think I
gave a good talk yeah really you know
I'm just saying that cuz I'm your dad
thanks bro what was the best part about
it I told the story for my mission yeah
good story bounce dolphin oh ho all
right now we're gonna have a barbecue
barbecue oh yeah with burgers not
burgers burgers thanks for clarifying
instantly from horn for us la la la la
la bravissimo your number sir not six
six five ladies and gentlemen the
popular musical box in the shape of a
barrel organ figurine of a monkey
playing the cymbals in Persian roads lot
666 then a chandelier in pieces
PEGI Yodo nice jump right this park
where we came and play basketball the
other day and it is so cool there's an
amphitheater mansion you to play right
here this is where I need to perform
your next performance what do you see
over there quack quack you see a ducky
duck yeah you like this one go see the
playground yes okay let's go look at it
I see it I know that's why I brought you
here yeah I saw it a few days ago and I
thought okay I'll look whoa let's go see
it okay mr. ducky we're gonna go see the
park no dad look if there's a playground
over there dog he can make it to the
sand from there let's see it Wow far can
you do that son guard easy okay let the
little brother on wait I have an idea
what if we can fit all the kids on one
side of me on the other side should we
try it no nobody's listening to me no
okay fine you guys hear me right do you
guys hear me are you listening to me
check out mr. goose up here that's a big
bird on top of a fence what are you
doing mr. goose did you see the first
step there is weird I see a little blue
eye I see a little blue eye in there oh
there it is a sea of blue eyes what are
we doing
there any gathered oh don't use your
legs
screaming
that's funny whoa a pogo stick world
bone bone bone bone bone
boom oh shoot it
yes and I'm in charge of thumbnails and
titles around here bounce bounce bounce
bounce bounce
nice okay let's see can you just walk a
lot oh you're so little
yeah there's a big tube here comes money
Bobby's waddling out Lupe's his face
right there that's the Frog you see him
I wanna poke in his head up you see it
right there
is that what he's saying right now how
do you know that what's his name
John the Frog
you guys are cute hmm I'd eat that in
slate any day welcome back to Monday
we're the Shaytards are thriving I don't
know what that means thriving well
that's a twenty minute vlog that's
pretty thriving if you think about it
alright thanks for watching we
appreciate it every day that you watch
you guys I was just looking at the
Shaytards analytics for this month we
are all ready for this month and there's
what like three or four days left most
viewed month in Shaytards history we're
right at 32 million views this month and
that's the most viewed month ever in the
history of this channel for the last
five six years this month April of 2014
most views ever so thank you guys so
much you know I was thinking because you
know there's some of you that don't hate
when I talk about our religion and God
and Jesus and stuff like that what if
for those of you who are lived locally
here in Los Angeles I got the Bishop of
my local ward to agree to let us use the
church building and we have like a meet
and greet where me and Colette could
give like a talk and kind of like talk
about our faith would some of you come
to that if we like had like an event
like a fireside chat kind of thing if we
organized it if you guys lived here in
the Los Angeles area and I told you
about it would you come to that let me
know if you would or if you had not come
to it that's fine too we still love you
alright thanks for watching click on a
video if you want to see more of our
family we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
