two left
I have to show you this cutest thing
that rock card is doing right now what
are you doing playing gay are you
playing a game on you - yeah
he found this video game that he's
watching somebody else play of course
that's what video game footage is he's
pretending to play do you like that yeah
a girl do you realize that somebody's
playing that and putting it on the video
yeah but I gotta get good flip like
you're your different Lego you got a
Lego yeah I think that's like some weird
creature scary oh oh man kids and video
games Tina loves them I'm just making
some lunch for myself and rock Tyra
don't probably have mac and cheese
because he won't eat my burritos they're
awesome though they're awesome and I've
already eaten one I was like I'm gonna
have me another one cuz I got a lot left
over because nobody else will eat them
well that's a lie three of the kids will
eat them now because they tried them
they had the guts to try them oh it does
well baby this little baby did your
brother leave his movie on should we
just turn it off since he's playing
video games yeah hi used with the wheat
I love you so you guys rocked heart is
at that age where I could have him in
preschool right now but I just keep him
home but then sometimes like on the days
when I don't have time to like read
books with them and stuff when I'm just
doing housework or whatever then he's
just like doesn't have anything to do so
I'm thinking I should get him in a
preschool or something what do you guys
think I mean it's kind of the end of the
year now so it might have to wait I
probably will get him in something by
next year I'm not one of those moms
that's really good about doing like an
organized preschool at home like we'll
read books and stuff but I'm not very
good at that I am going to try though I
should be better right that's one other
thing that I decided I'm not gonna be
judgmental I'm not a perfect mom I'm not
a perfect person I can't do everything
that I should do okay it's okay oh I was
telling myself that the other day when I
was looking in the mirror you know girls
maybe you know guys do this too
obviously she does it sometimes do when
you look in the mirrors
oh man I just you know I Endor come this
and even work on that I'm like no I love
myself the way I am and I don't even
care what anybody else says how's that
anybody else is complaining
it's just ourselves we do this to
ourselves anyways I'm on a rant and a
ramble if you want to see more of me
ranting go to the cave you lead channel
because they'll probably make a rant
about it okay okay where's my burritos
ha I'm going to eat a burrito and now
we'll be observed the illustrious daddy
monster who is it he may have spotted us
hide yourselves hide yourselves
hey are you work about the video else I
love this voice voices I feel like from
now on whenever we vlog like cuz I was
just editing the baby you're like
vlogging yourself and he's sitting there
and he's like reacting to the things
you're saying he was like smiling and
look around me and I found myself not
even looking at your beautiful face
which is it had a bird um I always stare
be your beautiful face and I know I'm
the Geordi the people watching this
right now it's hard to take their eyes
off of this handsomeness but I bet you a
lot of people are just looking at this
face mmm because daddy's talking about
something cool and he wants to look at
him look at his little funny little foot
stance a little dancing foot get a
little bit and foot Lilian's but feel so
good I get to vlog up right as the kids
get home great to start up so happy your
own time my children I love them I love
all these children where's my other
children I swear I need more than these
two where my other children you know I
love what do you love me is when you get
crazy he gets excited like okay we're
about to play we're about to play what's
going on dad
I'm up I'm ready I want to talk I would
be like beeline for the dollar I gotta
go I gotta go
like an hour every time I get excited
Zeke gets episode alright let's do this
I'm ready let's party alright so me and
Sun tart are headed to maker studios
right now
to shoot up something wrong for her it's
a it's gonna be a thing for some tart a
little something
hey job on pop Reggie's okay take this
baby I gotta finish off its vlog come on
baby likes watching you touch my boobies
okay it's time to be the baby bye hi you
like sweet potato he is learning they're
just teaching him how to eat Oh
so far we've had bananas and sweet
potatoes because that's what I found
that my babies have eaten because
they're both sort of sweet oh yeah good
job this baby's learning how to feed
this baby what a great system I have
going on the one thing I have found with
babies is every time I've tried to feed
them the meat like the baby food meat
it's like pureed balls disgusting and
they've never liked it and I don't blame
them have you ever tried it it's sick
yeah it would never eat it I would never
make my kids eat it either so yeah I
never do baby food meats but anything
like fruits vegetables are usually
pretty safe with no period meat all
right so I just drops under topic water
polo and look who I ran into
thanks for let's be on your blog hey
Carl
hey bro throw me my vlog can you do a
kickflip can you do a cool trick yeah
dude I want to do a kickflip are you
guys on a baseball team I could tell you
guys look like athletes this guy's in a
kickflip for us let's see it dude look
how he's going that way
nice stomped it don't get run over right
there gage watch this guy there it is
gage give them a round of applause I was
a sweet kickflip all right good job guys
all right I'll see you later dinner man
you're gonna be on youtube.com slash
Shaytards ke cool guys at the car wash
now on my truck it's been so long since
I washed it it needs it in the worst way
I was just trying to think how long I've
had this truck I feel like it's almost
been three years stay that I bought this
truck was a very momentous time in my
life maybe some of you know the story
but I used to work as a car salesman I
worked in a place that sold Toyota Jeep
and Subaru and the day that I went back
and bought this with cash was probably
one of it's like one of those pinnacle
moments in my life to be able to go back
to the place that I used to work and to
pay cash for this thing this was a dream
truck of mine like when I worked there
and sold these trucks I thought man I
don't know if I'll ever be able to
afford one of these the day I went in
was able to write a check for it that
was probably one of the coolest days I
loved it I'll drive that thing into the
ground
I'll drive that for another 15 years of
it'll last well I dropped Sun tart off
at water polo and get my truck washed he
said it's gonna be about an hour to an
hour and a half so I got to find
something to do here on the lonely
streets of Los Angeles
oh dude there's like a massage place up
here what if I went got a massage
that's multi-tasking sons at water polo
trucks getting wash and I'm getting a
massage we're getting three things done
at once let's go see if they have an
opening should I have enough time they
just have like a 45-minute massage that
would be fun because my legs are sore
from the 31 mile bike ride we did this
morning if you didn't see the latest
shayloss video go check it out links
below first day of cardio training for
the New York City Marathon we went 31.1
miles today and I can just tell already
that my legs are going to be sore let's
go see if I get a massage in here
okay that felt so good I'm glad I did
that that was a great decision hopefully
the car wash place isn't closed like I
don't get my trunk Oh check it out just
cleaning it up finishing it off look at
that baby shine oh I love when I get it
clean it makes me feel so happy dang
that felt so nice it's like the day I
got it so shiny and clean oh it makes me
happy do I think they shampooed the
seats - check this out I just found this
this is a lot of baby tard that's so
cool oh I'm so glad it's spotless it's
very true what they say if you have like
a dirty house or like a dirty room a
dirty car your life just feels like
unkept you know clean everything up in
your life and you will feel a fresh
start your room your house your car Oh
pina coladas I play dick a lot I think
that's me Nick a lot I love pina colada
I feel fresh and clean dang such a beaut
I'm home look the child is excited to
see me I feel love emotion in my heart
welcome back yes we lost him
we're on a walk in the park and we lost
him nice ollie bro dude I saw a kid oh
you were there how was swim yeah nice do
a kickflip today at Sun cards water polo
practice cuz I told him to do what he
did you were there I think you ran in
actually yeah he ran into water polo
I saw right after I saw Casey you saw
Casey engage right and then right after
you went inside this these two
skateboard kids came I told to do a
kickflip and they did just like that
whatever you're making babe smells
delicious
I think I'll have a delicious juice oh
so he latches on hurt sit sit
very good good boy you're a good puppy
yes you are here comes here comes watch
I'm complying in here I love it I love
it I love it up watch out for this heart
there's a Mack truck coming through the
living room heads up here he comes
he's excited to Daddy dome he's excited
to daddy's oh yes he is
Zeke sit right here this is pretty
comfortable I'll say her good boy
all right what is going on here Little
Miss princess tizzle we got a little
plan a little game a little sit down
girl
we're soft heart she's asleep already
he's waiting ezel account Rock chart
wake up come see your daddy
he's gonna sleep all the way till
nighttime how many times sometimes you
got that all right what are we doing
princess chart explain hello everybody
hello collect educate away come on dad
yes yeah you go wake him up he always
likes too much that's true all the kids
like me more than you that's your right
mommy tart come on pumpkin spice come on
spunky and spice latte it's a pumpkin
spice latte season come on a table come
on
the board won't do a little activity
that your sister is quiet for us all
right
what is it tell us what it is you're old
hey everyone today we're going to do
something so I have these colors of
stars and everybody would pick their own
color and that will be their color of
the start
so dad what color do I'm all right huh
what does that mean what do I get I get
a red star are we making rice wings
I just put Shane right there Shane x2
the red star wall he's getting a head
Bob okay what color do you want rock
turf war oh the gold one okay I bet you
you would have said green actually Rocco
can you want just cool just singled okay
mom colored you I will have green hey
thank you very much Collette and baby
Todd what do you want blue okay and
center
there's silver and purple good well so
okay so I'm not gonna come up here one
time and from the wall I'm saying what
are you okay I'll be purple oh wait
let's say I pick out red okay
okay Jen mom picked out right I was red
words that when mom takes it I don't get
too high up so no one looks okay so when
she does it she'll say okay what are we
doing is this a game so she writes it
down and then she goes and she makes a
bracelet or a nações fur for that
person but nobody knows when you're like
this
Oh
and other than pop I know says mom come
up and then she'll say it is bracelet or
so much for showing sorry sunset okay
that's fine we all have to pick a color
and then whoever's color the we picked
we have to make a bracelet that matches
that person yeah what if you pick your
own what do you think your own then you
have to start all over okay and let's
make a promise right now as a family
that whatever bracelet is made we have
to we have to promise it will wear for a
week oh okay no matter what if you're at
school or no matter what you have to
wear for a week okay hope I get some
time okay my turn
me me me me me me yes what I will pick
lush priceless like okay maybe you
thought okay I let's see okay eyes are
closed there's a close one I get one
again
wait show me show me on the paper
showing the paper which one okay
you just gave it away you just said he's
looking are you talking about one of
these two dudes
dummy to pick again okay I'll pick again
I think again don't even sure nobody
look every close their eyes they're
ready
you totally looked no I do not look
you're like okay okay I got mine I'm
excited huh okay - okay mommy tards turn
to pick its color - I won't look good
here babe film who you got I won't look
oh wait who got could she see who I got
she's in charge okay here you film who
you got I won't look who is it this one
I kind of oh yeah you gotta see it is
kid yes okay Lucas you pick yours yeah
there you go come on tell me please all
right what are you guys gonna pick out
you makin any was sign in and we're
gonna make oh did you pick your side
heart her because he's not pinky
somebody brought card Oh rock side you
got to make a bracelet bro you don't
want to he wanted to go sleepy-bye so
just be the four of us princess argh
you're not gonna get a bracelet are you
cool with that
you're not gonna are you not gonna get a
bracelet you're pretty good at keeping
secrets one room lobby charge is making
hers for probably that dude over there
hey mate make a sweet bracelet for that
bro
yeah yes not who doesn't get much he
doesn't get a break he doesn't get a
bracelet yeah
this is confusing we'll make some
bracelets let you know later how it
turns out okay somebody's over there
getting fans you can dude I'm gonna make
the most special bracelet for my very
favorite child so you know my favorite
child is so you're not making it for me
then right you're my wife
okay so that narrows it down dang it see
you guys do giving close are you Brady
yes ma'am I am a man with a beer who
knows how to break gotta watch for the
not in the enemy bears bed yeah man
you jinx me woman well I was noticing it
happening so is is hard pretty is hard
Frederick Montgomery alright there's a
new member of the bracelet braiding
bunch here with us today who did you get
little boy who did you pick who did you
get did you get a good one is that the
bracelet you made I'm very excited about
my bracelet
it's gonna look so good you think my
bracelets gonna be good yeah what are
you laughing at whoa okay I'm very proud
of mine I just finished that is a why
there on the end that spells pretty
let's I can't see what it spells it
spells pretty people can hear when I say
that it smells pretty yeah all right is
it time to tie the bracelet on to the
person that we chose yet I'm not yeah
there's still a little ooh
all right this is Lewis's what does that
say it doesn't say anything I speed it
up okay sounds good sont are you doing
yours over here was that BFF okay well
well well look at you thrift monster I
got a little creative
did you earned by your braiding but it's
not working up that's smart you use a
safety pin to save the pin into her leg
so that she can read it
that's really pretty I like it to make
friendship bracelets you know back in
the day hmm pretty fluent and in
friendship thing what yeah you had no no
friends yeah hello little boy I love you
yep then get that one on camera or she
would have vomit kissing yeah yeah yeah
no bracelet building for rock tizzle
baby tart is first to wave back there's
a fourth rock guy oh come on listen okay
who's next
okay okay so I'll even remember oh yeah
whatever gonna be what are you looking
at what's staring at me
you're always just staring at me what's
the
deal okay
yes way what did you make a C collect
okay cool put it on her you have to wear
that for a week
I will okay you guys in the vlogs you
better be watching every day to make
sure it's your house forget okay who's
next okay okay it's undone
who did you make yours for are you it's
a necklace
can I lift weights in the gym with this
on are we BFFs bro yeah I guess alright
is it my turn
okay Siddharth bring your bring your
manly wrist okay for one week dude put
your wrist down which wrist you wanted
on which wrist you feel the prettiest
dude and whenever it went listen this is
part of the rules when if anybody at
school asked what that says you have to
tell them that it says pretty and then
when they say why do you have a bracelet
says pretty on it you say you have to
say this because I'm a pretty pretty
princess
hahahahahahaha and then if they look at
you weird you say do you have a problem
with that okay I'm serious if they say
no do you like yeah back up cuz I'm the
prettiest princess there is if they have
a problem with it you should punch them
right there with you what do I say I'm a
pretty princess is the same thing but
mine doesn't say pretty on it I just as
bf I'll just say imma being you can
still be a pretty pretty princess BFF
what do you think maybe
I was I'm gonna go like park outside of
your school where's the scissors just
like a watch you play soccer you have to
wear this for a week one week I'm gonna
trim the ends off there for you
principal wood okay there is pretty
pretty prints we have to pay for their
therapy later on in life I missed one so
Rock chart didn't make a bracelet for
baby char because he puts em so I may
erase a person who'd you make your swirl
chart I'm sorry I made you oh it's cute
look at that I like those colors pretty
okay baby tard here look
you're really a pretty pretty princess I
want to show mommy cards that's
seriously impressive the pink with the
blue and the green thank you wait who's
that for mommy Tarzan Oh princess card
got the nicest one oh I'm jealous no one
just did this little activities you
wanted to know jewelry I want I wish I
had the pretty pretty princess
you're jealous dude so jealous hold that
up bro you see your big brother he's a
pretty pretty princess he sure is he's
the prettiest princess there is alright
so we're making jewelry we gotta wear
these for a week
what am I good I'll go to the gym lift
weights at this baby on all right
princess star that was a very good idea
that was fun dude you don't have to wear
the bracelet if you don't want it I'll
understand it to be embarrassed I'm not
gonna quit I'm working me push button
with a whole week when I'm talking about
I'm not gonna be a poor sport that's
what I like being a man Manning up and
peak yeah he's a man
let's practice bro what's with the pink
pretty princess bracelet because I'm a
pretty pretty princess look what did
your voice that's a secret yeah you have
to say in a manly voice
we can't smile though you have to look
what princess row yeah okay
no smiling that's the rule you can't
smile
yo hey hey dude wanna be on my team so
I'm asking you play on my soccer team
okay you wanna play my soccer team yeah
wait a minute dude why do you have a
pink pretty princess bracelet you have
to be serious okay
dude you wanna be on my team yeah why do
you a pink bracelet on dude we're gonna
strap a GoPro to your head when you go
to school tomorrow I want to see your
first reaction when somebody asks you
what's up with it that's kind of weird
deal with it you have a problem with
that
no no pretty pretty pretty step on all
right the good night everybody
nice all the pretty pretty princess is
out good night see you tomorrow if
you're a pretty pretty princess then
you'll thumbs up this video right now
you're beautiful pretty pretty princess
thumbs check out yesterday's vlog watch
the feeling lucky button and see what
the Shaytards were doing exactly on the
oh I got a text message
it's a heytell from hi um Ron I love you
guys see you tomorrow
that was a long blog huh click all the
links below and give me kiss come on put
your lips up to the screen right now put
them up to the screen dude I'm a large
angry bird man I'm gonna kiss you giving
you guys with okay bye
