all right let's see it this is a cruiser
oh nice you did great
two left
Oh
Oh Oh say starts with a meeting at maker
studios mama juice game I'm not doing
like this crazy insane diet not not
extreme juicing just trying to get some
more fruits and vegetables in my life
these are fresh juices I think it's
important but can i snack throughout the
day so no more just like eating cookies
and candy and stuff guys go join the
diet doing a diet bet on the shayloss
channel we're getting ready for the New
York City Marathon I'm so excited
alright let's go and meet out check it
out here's how I have to get in with
maker
there's no key use my butt about us and
I beat if it opens I got a card in my
wallet oh yeah oh my goodness who can do
Tai Chi in Hills are you gonna plug this
okay so Ali's stressed because she does
a lot of stuff
stop you're telling that she's a busy
woman so she says she's doing Tai Chi
now and I said I want to see this time
mile that's it are you I don't know okay
let's see your Tai Chi
okay don't lie I'm gonna do the
stationary okay okay don't laugh don't
everyone else that's what you need you
need to find your Zen space space don't
laugh okay
this is the beginning of it hey do you
know oh it's like at a Hawaiian dance
kinda
that's good are you supposed to be
thinking a certain thing as you do it at
all oh so there's like an actual way to
do it like you're not just making it up
as you go
so that's the point is like you're
supposed to be focusing on this the
stance and it takes away all the
stresses that you have do you flex your
muscles like your core does it tell you
to flex your toes or boast it like have
like a certain position like I'm
supposed to always be about here though
so that like my legs are a little bit
bent so and in your arms you know so
we're here hi-yah now do the karate kid
one where he sweeps the leg it's good
stay tuned looks like you're doing like
slow motion show tunes I'm sorry - go
where - grasping sparrows tail it's my
time teaching here ever watches through
your Tai Chi teacher is gonna be so mad
you do Tai Chi no what do you do you do
it heroin you run that's good
I'm gonna start running a lot more do
you feel less stress though yeah it
doesn't really hope right so this is
this is how you kind of like end it
right this is grasping sparrows tail
it's one of my favorites here you go
fly free grunts boom guru there's a
sparrow in my house yesterday I didn't
grasp his tail frog good nice so you
should just do that during the day when
you're stressed just like take a moment
go into a room you feel better
seize its it's your Chi gets it flowing
and opens it up - Chi Chi yeah that's
good no I think you got it find
something all right we just saw some Tai
Chi from me out out Li da Zhi Hao today
was a very special day for SunGard he
had to give his book report and he did
it on polar bears but he did something
really unique okay tell us what you did
first of all and when that special what
wait it was in that schedule it was a
cute idea was very creative okay I guess
it was everyone laughed in a good way
so tell us what you did exactly I did
the same like polar bear Network and so
I brought two ties
you can see a piling stand up and show
us how the heck am i doing on two got
one behind you right yeah I put one
behind me one in front of me and I'm
like a little bit red and then when I
need switch to a different character he
has a different tie so I switch it back
you'd be like this is like hey ha ha ha
and then at the beginning I was like hey
we both have to say that and I was like
oh yeah cool cool cool
the kids are outside ringing the
doorbell I am very proud of you I think
that was a really creative idea and then
did you do the thing where you you had
volunteers come up yeah like so I saw no
oh
dad's home that's all and the kids are
knocking on the door let's tell that
there's your father
right yeah you're booking for you get
that I think it was not vegetable that I
thought it was in the corner of the camp
watch freaking pause bro I know you need
to learn to like keep it yeah absolutely
puts as Paulo just like hit you right in
the genitalia area I'll show you how so
tell me about your presentation how did
it go
are these some meaty lobes can I bite
these many loaves do I like I like to
bite me teal oh oh yeah
I hope to make sure hey tell me about
your presentation so boom Hardison tell
us about he just told us about what he
was wearing and stuff so tell us about
when you called everybody up to the work
to dummy height I figured out how much
it was explained hopefully when you
figured out about first before uh whose
idea it was this whose yeah wait a
little bit what Shay Carl that's right
this was my idea of a clan show so I
figured out in Russia for our lives yes
seven rock guard it's not you're under
seventy five to twelve hundred pounds
just hit his face on the team oh okay so
seven hundred to twelve hundred pounds
is how much a polar bear weighs right
okay continue so that I just decided to
do like 1,000 pounds so I called up ten
people what did you say I need ten
volunteers yes I said I need so long
tears and said they just raised her
exact and they all raised their hand so
you use pegs tonight oh yeah who'd you
pick did you pick all pretty girls mm
how did you peg did you pick the cool
kids did you pick some kids that don't
get picked for a lot of things like how
did you decide well I could like some
like good students and there's some
girls who I know some girls and then
okay the girls he had a crush on kind
node okay so what you have them do and
then so then I just told a stand
together and then I said this is about
all these people together weigh about
the same as a polar bear when it's and
then they're all like whoa put the
perspective we see ten kids stand there
like that's the weight of one polar bear
and you also made him laugh didn't you
what you do now when we're I was like I
have a pretty loud voice like yours you
did are you speaking loud and I will be
there
18 okay do the presentation how you did
it today let's hear folks and today on
the pull of your network we're going to
have a scientist coming today and tell
you about polar bears from the Arctic
underneath this time
and so here it is did you turn around
like I told you well kind of and then I
had some trouble with her teacher to
come with the tide why didn't I come
undone like nose like stuck and so thank
you I'm proud so you switched the ties
and I want to like read with the same
hat because the character is hot so you
both wear the same hat okay cool
it's like okay tell us about four bears
and I told them did you have a
microphone I stay here isn't this the
second switch back and forth from Enya
how do you I wasn't ready to get I wash
the other stranger she gives a second
more pieces scientist and he's a news
reporter at a polar bear expert he's got
these meaty lobes
oh just fun to like bite like some
really weird noises your dad by your
earlobes my weird person what did he
have where it's like he's a polar bear
these are seals yet those seal nose boy
okay we've got one more minute for those
babies I'm trying a new recipe tonight
it's a vegetarian recipe and I had some
sweet potatoes that I wanted to use that
were leftover so I wanted to use that
and this recipe calls for beans and
sweet potatoes and a lot of other
seasonings and stuff I think the recipe
online is called addictive sweet potato
burritos so I'll let you know how they
turn out and I feel bad cuz Shay's on a
juice cleanse so he's not gonna have
them and I thought oh he doesn't like
beans anyway right but it smells really
good so horribly bad hopefully they turn
out maybe they won't I'll let you guys
know and then Prince miss Hart is
helping me make those no bake cookies
that we made the other all just like
yeah you got a major it out remember a
major half a cup she's helping me make
no bake cookies for scout yeah awesome
ever though and just kind of pan you
can't use the metal ware so you gotta
okay that's why it looks somebody who's
metal on my pants my job or grammar oh
I'll help you get it just a second don't
put your hand that's one of the rules
you never put your hand in a garbage
disposal because I can chop your finger
on I know it's not on but it could
happen like you just have to be very
perfect okay mom
they're always overprotective right okay
let's see how these taste I mean what I
was saying we're making these no bake
cookies for scouts tonight because I
promised them I would bring them a treat
so we're making a lot of goodies and I
feel bad that she's on the juice cleanse
oh I shouldn't feel bad he feels good he
feels good when he's on juice cleanses
oh yeah and just drink it are you
measuring out the butter okay good girl
all right these were the sweet potato
bean burritos I actually loved mine I
really liked it son tarde liked his the
girls and rock-hard however have not
even tried theirs they're a little bit
reluctant okay a lot reluctant but he
had some sweet potatoes and he liked him
didn't ya yeah yeah yeah did you even
try your sweet potato bean burrito that
means no yeah I noticed go try it and
tell me you have to at least try it you
don't have to like it you don't have to
finish it you have to try it though
that's the rule in this house you got to
at least give it a chance
I just feel good I told you ethically
just see if you heat up try it kids you
never know a retard try it you
don't have to like it you don't have to
finish it but you do have to try it just
take a bite even a little bites fine no
no I'm just the tortilla come on make up
by there the potatoes and the beans in
it no you don't get a bite are you
taking from the very wrong end to take a
bite right there right there okay
you did not even get the potatoes and
the beans in your mouth come on try it
yeah don't be disrespectful to the cook
you have to try it I don't know your
hair if you gag just try it just one buy
it it's all you have the date even a
little one just to try it what were you
going to do it I can't zoom sorry I'm
trying to do this one hand look at you
haha I know that you would try it if you
could but you can't so you won't love
you I'm drinking only healthy fruit
juices for one week not a juice fast
it's not an extreme diet I am just
choosing to only have fresh fruit juices
in my body and I'm a vegetable to
vegetable and for business great feels
great
yay did you try it oh look you tried it
chew who didn't even chew yellowboy
Sipan fine well princess chard tried it
and she doesn't think she would like it
and she loved it and Sun tarde was
honest as well he's like I thought it
was going to be disgusting but I
actually really liked it so you never
know you guys it might be your favorite
food that thing that your mom makes it
you never want to try it it might be
your favorite food in the world just try
it
she's once Oh only two good foods got
two other things okay that sounds weird
alright let's go be all he's my little
butterball I think half of what makes
maybe so cute is the way they're
proportioned look how he can just grab
his toes and they're like the length of
his body are like surgery longer than
our bodies right but his head is super
huge cuz you got a big brain I'm hired
super smart and they like to eat his
toes you grab his feet and tries to get
them in his mouth do you like your toes
they're definitely not sweet potato
burritos hi little cutie live here by
just chilling out together
Oh Sita
she says better he the floor in the
hotel yeah dad does it want favor
oh no don't stop protecting me I'm gonna
try to get him to see Donna yeah see
Dada Dada da Dada yeah that I know they
show you something okay they may not
fall off Frank's here you'll fall off so
let's pick you break yeah
can you see me okay ideas kissing okay
what's it okay I'm gonna do a little for
it for you guys okay I'm coming at you
like a dog god
okay now I'm gonna show you this other
thing so you guys can you get can you
give me a second there I'll be right
back okay
all right you guys want to see a sweet
front-flip let's see that sweet old
front-flip rock is all off the end of
the bed you so crazy I'm gonna do one
baby turn tell her to do it dude he's
scared know when things are like yummy
to move it out farther okay look I'm
gonna move it over here and so you guys
can jump farther
watch out Ezekiel get out of the way no
you can't do a front-flip
get the booty get out of bean bags hi
all right off the corner of the bed it's
Rock card front flips go ahead I'll move
trust me just go good job
jump far hey lupus let's see it good job
pull you off sir run fast and do it
ready go that's awesome bro
that's a good front flip I think I want
to do one of those all right Roger let's
see it it's the big one you can do it
you just got to run fast run fast run
really fast into a front flip go far go
would you jump on them what are you
gonna do so are you gonna jump now do a
front flip okay
the villa was there for safety that was
insane dude so it is night time now mami
tarde went to scouts tonight and I
stayed home and watched the other
children and I cleaned as much of the
house as possible there's still a lot to
get done and carpets to be clean but
just coming back from all the trips
we've been on it's been hard to get
everything cleaned up right Ezekiel you
look pretty comfortable just snoozing
away mr. snoozy pants don't sleep too
hard or I might sneak up and kick you in
your testicles yeah well you watch it
your tarantula abdomens are gonna be
mine all right you guys it's time to go
into the computer so that I can import
you and upload you here we go thanks for
watching a couple of announcements you
guys Colette's crocs video is up oh my
gosh the girls both of them princess
heart and baby tart bull have some
hilarious one-liners i wit have you've
seen the Crocs video on Collette's
channel I'll leave it as the mystery
link of the very last line that baby
starred says in that video when she's
standing on top of the van I watch five
times cracks me up just I do it's cool
ah ears have to be off to go check it
out also today is the very first day of
the dietbet me and Ron and Casey just
got back to may 31 mile bike ride two
hours of heightened heartrate I think
that'll burn some calories and I'm
feeling good I am doing a juice cleanse
I have more energy more energy than I
thought I was actually shocked on my 31
mile bike ride today how much energy I
had I didn't like lose steam it felt
great so click on yesterday's vlog and
click on the mystery button I'll be
collect rock band DLC the Shaytards do 1
2 3 4 5 in year 6 Amira dietbet clonked
okay I love you bye easy tomorrow
