where
so grab your
have to laugh
oh good morning
so mommy takes the kids to school me and
bro tarde chill in our skivvies Oh baby
boy he's so cute this morning he just
likes light lays there and starts
talking he's like that guy got doctor
usually rocked hard comes up and hangs
out with us but I think he's still
asleep let's go see what he's doing
hey good morning I will there's a 1 it's
a bird in my room a row bird don't lie
to your dad there's a bird in your room
what's his name
where what the heck oh there's a frickin
bird how did a bird get in your room did
he just wake you up
what the heck there's a burden that's
the truth
he's freaking out too is like how did I
get in here and how do I get out jump on
my head we need a net let's find a net
we'll catch him alright so I think this
is how the bird got in somebody left the
door open this morning somebody sent our
usually feed Zeek for me in the mornings
he probably left the door open the bird
flew in okay let's see if we can get him
out of here okay bro you got me my
cameraman okay you do it bro tard
you're on sound all right got your boom
Pole you forgot it we're just gonna have
to go without okay rock your watch you
said right here okay hold the camera
okay ready
daddies I'm trying to go get it with a
towel try to catch the burn okay
don't get scared I was trying to fly it
at you all right hey leave the camera
hey the camera on daddy all right be
scared
he's scared I'll put you outside filming
okay can you grab him Roger he goes yeah
okay let's just relax for a minute he's
tired he's breathing he needs to relax
let's just give him a second dang it I
messed up I shouldn't let him go he got
he squeezed out of the towel okay here
I'm gonna grab him one more time can you
film here right here
look you stand right here you're right
can you do it you're being very brave
okay come here come here come here can't
hold it right there okay keep it on the
birdie don't wanna Zeke to go where he
goes there he goes
yeah you're so close birdie right here
oh he's so close come here let's open
this door now he's stuck in the louvers
Zeke nope Zeke you stay away
0:06 on the case now okay I'm gonna
catch him come give me give me camera
put the camera okay tell me ready here
he goes you're free
oh he's so happy did you get it yeah did
you film it yeah you sure you got it
yeah okay
birds out of the house good morning
let's have a great day
hey did you get all that did you get
that on sound no you're such a good baby
scary spider would you find now show me
where is it and where is it rocked arts
gonna grow up to be the king of the end
oh where oh that's a scary spider hey
cookie shoot what do you do with your
shoe look here's the shoe here's a shoe
will you do with this shoe why do you
want a red shoe how he's punches you're
gonna kill him yeah but why what did he
do to you maybe he's a nice spider
okay squish Shelly okay go ahead dude
you're the murderer try again
did you get him
oh there he goes
Oh vicious crash there you got him
can't go throw him outside wriggle
through outside go put in the backyard
kids I have a conference call at 3:00 oh
you'll be back by then
yeah well I don't well are you just
gonna sleep all day bro I don't feel
good if you don't feel good guys can I
be back by 3:00 I have a conference call
about vlogging entery at 3:00 get on I
tackle you you're beautiful I haven't
been able to sleep during the day for a
long time well good
yes somebody else doing some day
sleeping too in the Sun Zeki oh why
where did you drop him
is he alive no wish he squished go get
some toilet paper and pick him up and
throw him in the trash no drag shoo no
just go get some toilet paper and pick
him up if he's dead he can't hurt you
are you scared of him you're a tough
little boy you're spider-man spider-man
is not afraid of spiders you're friends
with spiders go get him and throw them
in the garbage
okay even though you killed your friend
in the toilet in the toilet yeah okay
bring him to me and I'll throw him in
the toilet
cutie hey guys it's after school
uber driving in Los Angeles traffic and
this is the time of time in my life when
I'm like oh can we just go back to Idaho
now we got some good tunes listen to my
dad
how is school and I get oh I got a new
backpack it's Ricky
there's this pin on it that says I am of
cupcakes and that brought it to school
it was awesome
it rocked my own outfit and then baby
toddlers you do a school today
I had fun up in my shirt my tooth did to
you but it was God so it could happen
oh okay well that was a pleasant day how
about you Center shoelaces oh nothing
much he's a man of many words after
school it's usually the dancer we get
nothing much right now
we're going home or are we going to
Rubeus
we're going home and to have don't
listen to me please I don't you say I
forgive you okay
I forgive you
I don't know what you mean by okay I
forgive you how come I dress my brother
wants to try to talk to you and see what
you say hey guys how you doing
I just wanted to thank you for Dalton hi
guys hi
seriously let's get serious for a minute
aya was reading the comments of this
because of him video that I talked about
two days ago on Sunday on Easter this
one about the life of Christ and I was
looking in the comments and it always
makes me feel I don't know like happy or
proud or grateful or I don't know when I
see that the Shaytards sent me here
comments with 496 thumbs up 19 replies
that means a lot to me and in fact you
guys the producer of this video that has
almost 4 million views on it just
contacted us I think they probably saw
these Shaytards comments or like who are
these Shaytards
so we might be doing a project with them
I don't know yet still in the early
phases but I just want you guys to know
that any time that I ask you to check
something out one if you check it out
that means so much to me because I
promise you I promise promise promise
capital P promise I will not send you to
something that I don't genuinely think
is worth checking out
you know I've always said that with
brand deals if we get paid to promote
something which I did not by the way get
paid to promote this video I just love
Jesus that's why I promote it but I will
not ever promote something if I don't
think it's a value something that I
would use anyways or something that I
want in my life and I think that you
would just be happy to have it I want
you to think of me as a friend like
somebody is like dude have you seen that
movie you gotta go see that movie you
know how friends just share good things
like Oh have you tried this new
restaurant down on Third Street or have
you read this book this book so good or
have you tried these drugs these drugs
get you so high what um what I mean to
say you can love Jesus and do drugs babe
there's not it doesn't matter if you do
drugs or whatever everybody can love
Jesus I'm here anyways
let's go see what boobs boobs face
McGee's doing let's see um you just did
you just said milton jokes okay back to
why do these always turn into this
anyways before I was interrupted about
boobs and drugs glad you're a bad
influence
anyway everything is awesome everything
is cool when you're doing drugs in boobs
everything is a fun rock turn your
mother is a bad influence on this family
do not say down I'm gonna go upside down
okay ready 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 down
everything is awesome everything is cool
when you're part of a team everything is
awesome what I was trying to say is when
you guys go and check things out that I
promote or send you to I very much
appreciate it and especially when you
guys leave comments saying Shay send me
here do you know what I'm doing right
now I'm trying to talk to these guys and
you're interrupting us we're having the
conversation okay one more time they
need to leave me alone promise pinky
swear pinky swear
find your pinky yeah that was that's it
okay
pinky swear put it right here put it on
my pinky you got to put your pinky on my
pinky nug like this
now squeeze it and say i pinky swear dad
I think you like that okay that's a very
serious promise you cannot break a pinky
swear do you understand okay here we go
last time k put through three one two
three one two three go
never die Gabe you make a swarm oh you
are dead over here talking oh you wanted
to see them didn't you
say hi hi God ah
are you excited excited about lies
here's don't you come here let's show
them what we're making for dinner okay
tonight is a pork chop and corn and
salad so we're having a pretty healthy
night
what job snap with us we might have
applesauce
because ever tried that pork chops and
applesauce it's actually pretty good I
like it
this baby is excited and I'm excited too
because Lynn's DeFranco you know Philip
DeFranco and Lindsay they're having
their baby today I just saw a picture of
her on Twitter and she's in the hospital
it's like I'm really excited but I also
know what that means there's a little
bit of pain a little bit it just takes a
little pain to bring you guys into this
world if we got to do it though cuz
you're so worth it look how cute you are
they don't kill you I congratulations to
Lindsay and Phil I don't know if she's
had it yet or anything and we don't know
his name yet either but congratulations
and good luck and I'm praying for you
okay dude put him in the oven Oh bless
you thanks for not rubbing on them all I
know he turned his head I will take care
you're still see spoons in the air
I just blew our sneeze beans on those
pork chops well that's why I would kill
him way better than what the other kids
would have done they would have sneezed
right on I'm careful not to touch any of
the metal part careful careful
drops you be down about 35 minutes
weirdo I'm sorry it's just part of your
life no but really can you put it in the
right way no further look oh good job
I'm Johnny and practical
he's so help Oh what is going on here is
little back to pant seat and solid food
about it yeah that's part of baby
cleanin when the airplane into his mouth
you have to clean up the fuselage clean
up the baby sweet potatoes yesterday
they were fresh
they had sugar added you know even
Anders it's hard you have to do the
airplane noise you like it he likes he's
six months old breaking news breaking
news real about us Sun tarts doing a
report on polar bears Oh mom it looks
like you might not be needed anymore
somebody has his little dippy Cup you
figured out that technology you got a
broke I think when get rid of your mom
now we don't need her anymore
I'm just kidding who would make these
delicious pork chops no not delicious
let's be honest I'm just trying to be
nice excuse me chimeric it won't girl
coming up okay you ready whoa wait what
was I saying
okay area uh everybody wolf girl coming
up I have a question for you do you know
what the Fox says what does the Fox say
hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey
hockey hockey hockey hockey oh but does
the Fox say Oh excellent
I'm glad you finally cleared that up
because the Internet has
been wandering for a very long time what
are you wearing
what is that are you gonna wear that to
school yeah
are you really turn around
it's world around you a lot yeah where
did you get that you bought it from me
buy that crap I would never spend money
on that
oh well somebody gave it to you I don't
think I'd pay good money for that get
kicked oh yeah that's right ivy I forgot
that's right I saw that I thought Oh
baby daughter would love this that's
what I got it for I would say that's a
pretty unique hat it's very softly so
you know wear to school tomorrow I bet
you all the kids will be jealous of your
unique soft hat get over here get over
here do you like it yeah all right go to
bed hey DC in the morning Kiki
good night hey keep it cool huh guys
here's one there's kids at school to
wear those freakin Los Angeles they got
weird stuff picture this if you will in
about two to three months from right now
you're gonna be at a social engagement a
swimming pool slash trampoline and
sprinklers may be involved there's going
to be some social pressure to take your
shirt off you will either feel one of
two options one you'd be like dang right
I'm gonna take my shirt off I've been
eating fruits and vegetables are doing
crunches look at those ABS ladies and
gentlemen or two we could be like uh can
I swim with my shirt on which of those
two options would you prefer I'll tell
you what I you know kind of fall into
that second category where I'm a fat so
I admit it I've chubbed up just watching
me chase that bird around you can see
like the fat rolls hanging over the side
of my shirt and I don't like it I gotta
put a stop to it right now so you guys
know that I'm running the New York City
Marathon for UNICEF in New York City uh
in November so we are starting to Demi
we've I've been starting but it's got
real today me and Ron made a shayloss
video we have a dietbet going on if you
guys want to get in the dietbet today's
the weigh-in I just did my weigh-in
gained 40 pounds I've gained 40 pounds
since the marathon's and I haven't run a
marathon sense so I'm so excited to be
training for the New York City Marathon
and to get into that kind of shape and
to be able to take my shirt off and
cannonball in the swimming pool at the
summer barbecue with confidence so what
do you want to do how do you want to
fill out that summer barbecue join us
links below
come get onboard the che la strain and
we're gonna make it happen you gotta
believe me you just got to I swear
love you guys click on yesterday's vlog
if you want to see what we're doing 1 2
3 4 & 5 years ago today click on those
corresponding cute faces we'll see you
tomorrow
