okay you guys check this out there's two
birds in the stop right there there's
one in the yellow and one in the green
area uh-huh look underneath the red
light look look what one just flew out
no there goes the other one that was the
weirdest thing I've never seen that
before
through levels
all right ladies in fact oh where we at
one California might where we going
let's say goodbye to the chicks are you
sad are you really sad
did you kiss him would you say to your
chick I just said goodbye
yeah sad
I'll be able to say hey let me see a
little cutie say bye say bye chicken
princess card you sad let's go mm-hmm
chickens can't come on the airplane you
guys know my mom loves chicken's the
reason she bought it for the kids is cuz
she wants chickens she loves the eggs
she has like a little chicken she calls
it the chicken pit house jezus like
chicken coop out there so she's gonna
raise them and take care of them her dad
was working the farm what that is
honorable look at black Jerry he's
perched atop the swimming pool we were
gone when we were getting ready yeah
right here that's cool he likes to chill
up there huh
black cherry you're crazy jay-z okay say
bye to the chickens
they'll be here with Grandma bye
chickens right put your chicken back you
can you can't take your chicken with you
give them kisses all right say goodbye
you guys have fun we'll see you later my
grandma to take a picture every year so
I can see how you're growing
okay bye chickens see you later take
care the chicken okay I'll better take
care of the chickens bro better not let
me get too big because I'm on an all
protein diet
oh snap Logan's gonna eat the chickens
you chicken eater all right
to the airport I've had a majorly
frustrating technology morning you guys
Oh so I got that new computer out right
I imported my new or my old iMovie Oh
sick software into it started doing the
edit it was a great video but then it
would not export it's like the software
won't work so then I imported it all
into this computer and then I deleted it
all
we hit command Z it like undoes your
last command of your last action and I
hit command Z and just like deleted all
the footage so now this computer's dead
long story short it's gonna be a
Saturday vlog alright you guys we just
ate we're all stuffed Oh how do you guys
feel Oh Gavin you ruined it
start again is ready hey guys we just
ate we're also stuffed how do you guys
fill Roggin do it better than you can
hey you guys seriously like Gavin was
trying to do it ladies last like this
watch watch I am the best actor here
obviously for papi okay ready
here oh hey guys what's going on we just
got finished eating we're so full how do
you guys feel I win you guys suck
okay I'm interested ooh for me hey guys
we just got done eating we're really
full how do you guys feel
there we go there we go that card has it
now alright anyways we just had lunch
alright so now we are at the Salt Lake
City Temple Square we have about an hour
and a half before we go to our airplane
this is the building that I proposed to
my lovely beautiful wife
remember yeah dude I would love love to
go back in time and to watch I know my
buddy I gotta find that I got it I gotta
text my buddy my high school friend
filmed it and I don't know if he still
has it or not but that would be cool to
see me propose who doesn't say I would
love to go back in time and watch us
like walking up this ramp I remember
walking up this ramp like yesterday
being so nervous I mean so worried that
it wasn't gonna like go smoothly and
just like okay here it goes it was like
hey before you do something like that
takes a lot of adrenaline off a cliff
forehead doing something crazy it's like
and it was like all peaceful you know
but I in my heart was like this is the
big moment
it's the big moment we came up here and
I had a bouquet of flowers on the feet
of Jesus on this statue and I had a ring
underneath one white rose in a bundle of
12 red roses I gave her the rose and it
slid down the stem and landed on her
hand and I proposed what won me I said
will you marry me
she said of course only I said I guess
oh this family started in this room
right here no you cannot jump off that
right there
you guys believe it this is where our
family started okay Oh take a picture
babe that makes it look he's but no no
no no no yeah no we can't sit on it I
proposed here right here and no look
what we did
seriously that filthy hello that was
where the flowers were right there this
is where it all began at the feet of
Jesus the acoustics are perfect oh are
you gonna cry no you can cry
full circle our lives together started
right here and now we have all of these
children this is really cool hey this is
the bathroom I can do it is this one I
met your friends yeah they had flowers
and I gave him the ring because I was
like we first came here like I had with
a bathroom my friends are in here
waiting in the bathroom yeah and so I
just said they're taking my time and
he's given them the ring I had no ideas
right I remember here and find another
way
okay see you later good luck so she
found her reading in the bathroom
proposed to with him oh he bought the
ring before and he met his friends in
the bathroom and gave his friends the
ring because they had the flowers there
that's funny yeah I wish you could find
random rings in the bathroom just to
propose with anybody can come here this
is the visitor center at Temple Square
in Salt Lake City and anybody can come
and visit so if you guys ever want to
check it out you should come
so what do you think about that your dad
proposing to me all those many years ago
pretty cool well good thing huh now
you're here now you're here in our lives
love it's super impressive oh you're
such a good helper okay can you get it
up there on their work together anything
Murray push ready one two three push oh
oh good yeah dude
high-fives appears Oh much much muscle
yeah now punch me good
that's way to finish it off my punches
exactly go good very good thigh punch at
least we're teaching it well no I'm
really high are you
she was just listening to we the Kings
she was rocking out to the we the kings
we caught her that we taught how you're
in our vlog time
really cool all right here we go again
hey you know what whatever needs you
tweet me a picture of you putting your
hand on the airplane before you get on a
flight that means a lot to me it's a
cool little thing that we have as team
we do it for safety if you want to know
the origins of it I just always thought
that that was interesting like the first
time we got on an airplane and I was
like that is going to be the outside but
in the air flying through the air like
well we're all hurtling through the air
at 30,000 feet nobody's like touching
that so I want to touch the like a
material that's flying me through space
and time just cool
we go let's go to LA can't even I was
going so he's excited boy it's good to
see he's excited
go Boise yes rolling that jumper sweet
haha wow that's cool
good boy oh and he's gone forever we'll
never see him again
he's halfway to New Hampshire by now
coming in hot watch out he comes good
Buffy here's your go puppy good to see
you all yes you excited I can't get up
those stairs like two bounds he's so
good you're thirsty you're thirsty you
should go dude the Internet is cool okay
so let me just tell you real quick if
you don't follow me on instagram then
what's your problem
don't go over here yet don't come in
here yet I have to set up the story go
out hold on go out I have to set it up
so it's really cool okay already really
cool Instagram I posted this Instagram
the other Thursday for TBT throwback
Thursday and I said throwback Thursday
to 15 years ago when I was a missionary
for the LDS Church I was in Barbados and
this was the first family that I ever
taught I love them so much and I thought
that the little girl my lap was the
cutest sweetest baby I had ever seen her
name was Avia so this is the very first
family I ever met in Barbados when I
very first got there I was so
overwhelmed and had so much culture
shock so I'm this white kid from Idaho
then I go to Barbados where it's 99%
black people and I was just like where
am i you know the food was different the
music was different just it was crazy
and this was the very first family I had
that the very first family's house I
ever went into and their names were the
Davises we're gonna Prince this time
do you want to see the girl that you're
named after that's who you were named
after this is who you're named after
right somebody on the internet found her
they follow me on Instagram they saw the
picture and they're like wait a minute
that's my friend well she is
that's a via and that's a via yeah oh
you brought it home go get it
that's so cool that's amazing
I always thought about it and like
wouldn't it be cool to go back there and
like meet her so they can hang out there
it is
I took that picture yep let me see that
picture gotta be very careful that is so
cool anyways right that little girl was
so cute and I love that name when the
mom and dad said that her name was av
I'm like I love that name I always said
I said when I have my very first
daughter I'm gonna name her Avia so
what's her friend's name Thanks okay so
yeah Twitter caylor's X is the one who
sent it to me and then I just I just
asked a question cuz I was like I don't
know if that's really her so I asked her
on Twitter I said what's their last name
she said Davis and I was like that's
them so cool we got to go to Barbados
now babe have some bags
alright everybody pack the bags we're
going to Barbados alright so I have
something to show you guys now a lot of
you guys were saying that now that we
sold maker studios to Disney for half a
billion dollars that we're gonna start
getting you know this like luxurious
lifestyle and I said there's no way I'm
gonna do that but I think I've worked
hard and I deserve a few toys right so
today I just bought my very first Hummer
and I'm really excited about it I really
love like all the decals and stuff on it
I'm calling it Big D H Big Dawg Hummer
this is my guy his name's Buster Buster
Brown I've always loved this dog he's
like one of my favorites and I don't
know I just I think that I've worked
really hard in my life and I deserve a
little bit of bling bling what do you
guys think huh
I I got all my ladies here that's Nancy
sue Eleonora
that's patrice and all my homies guys
like it bdh big dog home are ya
honey you like my new toy you know
that's you right
I had him I have the sculptor carve a
picture of you that I took the other
night
aren't you flattering no all right we're
going to water polo son charge if you
don't win I'm gonna make you drive that
to high school the very first day oh no
what happened uncle Casey's wrassling
Little Rock chisel get my Newsies movie
where you do uncle Casey's gotcha need
you to tell me not to give you a new gig
huh I'll give you a new you the beard
beard mugie your own little beauties
ends meet with your own shoe it's the
work we run some features so we're here
at Sundar's water polo game with the
whole fam family and guess what guys
there's gonna be a new member of the
family in one week
Kaylee's one week new member of the clan
let's see that baby
oh my shirts out stains on my dude your
turkey baster button pop you must know
he's ready to come out a little
residents right how strong it's a boy
it's definitely a boy number 10 is
slimming onto the court ready to
dominate some faces and pee in the pool
he's had to Pete Wentz's we got here
today's water polo match sponsored by
the Goodyear blimp we're glad to have
the blimp flying over the poolside today
giving us a shout-out they're gonna be
dropping some tires here momentarily
drop me some BF Goodrich tires the way
that's a different brand the Goodyear
blimp where you need good quality tires
give good you recall I just give them a
free shout-out that's pretty cool the
Goodyear freaking blimp flying over the
pool what go Gavin I got as good rub
what go go
I'm an over-the-top parent let's go
uncle fine buddy let's score a goal
come on get in that game get that ball I
told me I get it
I told him to hustle good hustle good
hustle
just that ball go to the ball oh he's
tracking them down
nice thoughtful buddy watch out the
parents from away
nice pass nice pass nice pass
Oh
here's the cheering section over here
nice chair Gager
get it green ball nice for the foul good
pass Oh get it get it
meanwhile Rob cards doing the spider-man
crawl cool dude that's awesome move so
tempting so you guys want to get in so
bad they want to jump in go ahead let's
see your move oh cool move
getting this picture taken always biting
the gold I do let's see that thing oh
yeah did you bite it make sure it's pure
gold the pure gold well you guys lost
what'd you guys get fourth place yeah
that's good you let everybody bite it
always whatever what a loser how to look
like uncle Casey coming in with the
zinger okay all the cousins give give
the okay what I must get the hell out of
here come on let's go
alrighty it's lunchtime alrighty let's
see what you got going here hold it up
let me see five jalapenos on one chip
that's the hot mice let's see it wow
that's gonna burn that's gonna burn
going in
you got chip yeah got a she yeah but how
many jalapenos you have on there you're
not a real man until you have five like
son tizzle are you so proud of your
cousin really he had a 500 team knows
you don't know I'm not yet nothing
feeling any Heat these must be wussy
jalapenos Collette let's see how many
jalapeno so you can have on your chip I
think wrote art wants some in his breast
milk he does he wants jalapeno flavored
coffee new around your nipple seriously
let's see that the hot of all did little
bit impressive alright the scavengers
are hyena eat around the nachos alright
we just saw
Rio - it was pretty good I did sleep
through about 30 minutes of it
I was tired I'm sorry the highlight of
the movie is that fellow youtuber Carmen
had a role she was a sloth so watch for
her see if you can tell which one she is
if you go watch Rio - with a bunch of
bratty kid are you a bratty kid are you
a bread
what carbon was a sloth right I don't
know what that was a sloth sloth yeah
okay yeah yeah all right now we're gonna
go home and beat the kids and put them
to bed okay say tomorrow I know I will
never regret doing these vlogs because
whenever we have a memory or there's
like a big life moment from before we
started doing the vlogs I always wish we
were to in the daily vlog that like man
why was my daily vlogging when I
proposed to my wife that would be so
cool like see all the emotions and you
know be like okay now this ain't no
telling the plan and how it was gonna
work and everything it'd be so cool to
go back and watch that that's why I
value these last five years of videos
especially you know when our kids are
young having all these experiences and
you know first words and pulling out
teeth and blowing out birthday candles
these videos will be so valuable to me
in you know 20 30 years from now just
think when I'm an old retired guide all
my kids are out of the house I can go
back and watch these videos and just
remember so glad I have them if you guys
wanted to be an old retired person and
go watch old Shaytards logs you can do
that right now you don't even have to be
all the decrepit yay if you're old and
decrepit no offense I'm sorry
click on that beautiful brunette up
there on the previous button to see what
we're doing yesterday if you're feeling
lucky I got a little special surprise
board it runs with the shade I was doing
one two three four and five years ago
click on those corresponding to two
faces and numbers I'll Riley tomorrow
buddy eyes
