it's not a video yes I just started
through left
I'm trying to make a vlog here okay
I'm just making a big focus right now
all right so this morning me and Colette
had you go do a bunch of errands and I
asked Ron if you wanted to come with us
he's like no I'll just stay here he just
texted me he's like hey I walk down to
the golf course and I'm hitting balls
I got Ronald down here walked down here
probably a half mile that's broken leg
you know he's swinging the golf club
excuse me Tiger Woods what do you think
you're doing swinging the golf club with
a broken port all right here he goes
Ronald Ericson off the ninth hole
excellent you went up in the air dude
get a chipper going oh dude that was
really good do that again keep that
again as impressive
check them out of course yeah
Wow oh that wind drives me crazy I'm
explaining that three things I love in
life is just connecting on a really
solid baseball swing a really solid golf
shot or catching a fish when you get a
fish on the end of the line it's like
those three things are awesome
good job what what why you tell me
something thank you
oh come on what is this though okay
sushi some guys robbed a bridge the
start where are you come on we're gonna
shoot some guys let's go
you don't need chapstick to shoot guns
let's go come on we'll shoot some guns
look any tribe says usual because of
traffic let's go get some guys all right
twenty caliber Cain all right dad tell
me what kind of artillery were working
with here they are basically it goes now
go set up the target guys I'm a
professional target don't shoot guys of
course we always practice the strictest
of gun safety regulations my dad does
not mess around my confidence and safety
me and my brother Casey were raised on
you do not aim a gun ever at anything
unless you're willing to kill it we
practice very good trigger control and
safety as far as firing lines look at
these targets it's basically on an old
rim like a tire rim on a big spring you
hit this and it goes boom you know the
other one oh this one right here okay oh
this one has actual
it stays pointed downrange or up into
here okay
see this little guy you can change the
shape of your red dot to crosshair I
want crosshairs so I want the Call of
Duty red dot BAM
there you go Call of Duty red dot okay
put the gun on safety safe okay now pull
this back and walk it all right so the
ar-15 my heck at about fifty yards right
into the steel put some big old dent in
that I don't think you would do that
look that almost punched through that
hole that's probably a quarter inch 3/8
thick it's pushing out the other side
there's like nipples pushing out the
other way do you think it would shoot
that much through that dad that's
like that okay okay what are we gonna do
next for the Sun girl a pigeon's that he
set up everybody back behind the firing
line
all right this double pigeon Wow
live addressed all right Ronald and
start there
here we go I know that like a thousand
people are giving you advice right now
well you're kind of leaning back got it
put your back foot like this dude stand
up straight dude all six five of you
stand up straight squeeze your butt
cheeks just a little okay squeeze it
would you that cannon it's hurting my
hair okay you guys we're at the
restaurant that I'm very first when I
got my very first job 18 years ago when
I was 16 years old I can't
worked here one day I used to like do
the prep stuff so I was here when the
restaurant was closed this will it used
to be up on like a big stand so this
feels like up to here so one time I mean
one of the cooks I would be funny if I
got on this wheel and like held on to it
really tight and he spun me around like
in a circle so I got up on there and I
was hanging on this wheel and we started
to spin me the second I looked around my
head whacked the edge of this and like
not me how so this will almost give me a
major concussion one time it's still
here let's relive it gonna be a great
idea passed out anyways it's exciting to
be here again
hi do you guys remember this place we
had my graduation dinner here in this
very room
yeah that's really good Logan you've
been here right then you're like
probably 35 times did you have your
graduation I didn't think so at night in
my garage in my house yeah mama never
going through some hard times during
that all right we got everybody here
Brett and Sadie all the kids all my
wife's I brought all my wife's tonight
I'm excited to have them all here for
one dinner morbid joke Oh
all right how was everybody's dinner it
was good Ron Ron your boss did you have
too much ice cream bro
we garage doors like what is going on
you might drink for Ronald Julie Rogers
Rogers Ron Anna Roy Rogers he had a coke
and cherry that was hilarious these
crazy California friends right now all
right you guys this is a very momentous
occasion it almost makes me snot sad but
okay so this computer this laptop has
been my machine has been my tool this
computer right here has brought you guys
over four years of daily vlogs it's
pretty insane and it has never had one
problem I have never once had to fix
anything on it and you know me I suck at
computers I don't know how to update it
I'm sure I probably like for updates
behind dirty desktop do you completely
clean desktop yeah I definitely welcome
keep some pretty calm down wake up how
about you what's your desktop look like
do you got icons everywhere I try to
clean it up but like it's ridiculous but
look at look at hot stuff there anyways
so what I'm doing now as I'm
transferring them a good old iMovie HD
over to my brand new MacBook Pro that I
just bought the other night and it was
expensive because I got like the most
RAM and the most memory possible you
know that means write better quality
videos doesn't it just means my job we
say that quicker does it I don't think
the change just means I'll be able to
probably do them faster means they'll be
up earlier what you guys like but you
know what they don't have this 17-inch
anymore they only have a 15 is that a 70
yeah that's a 17-inch and they don't
have anymore
you can't take the first picture on my
computer I just just opened it
let's yeah come on you guys we're all
taking the first line you smile smile
first picture cheese everybody smile
right now here we go
ah first picture on the new computer so
here's the question how many years of
vlogs will this computer bring to your
homes and your faces give you smiles and
warm hearts
how many probably another like two weeks
about jokes boom there's a Saturday vlog
for you yeah so who knew that at the end
of that today's vlog while I was trying
to transfer my editing software wouldn't
work
Logan wanna watch movies my computer
well I'm gonna trash his room so hard
next time you just wait bro you're gonna
get it bro oh my gosh okay cool let's
hand
I just realized she had Taco Bell toilet
paper I just saw this in Slate I'll use
that one and then I just now right now
notice that she is holding Taco Bell
toilet paper we only took two rolls you
guys alright this is the end slate where
you can see more Shaytards click on
yesterday's vlog if you want to click on
that feelin lucky but I got a secret
surprise for you and suit the shade hard
to do and one two three four and five
years ago once again I have got to say
thank you guys
Tyler's channel has over 50,000 new
subscribers that is insane he was like I
said in yesterday's vlog the number one
most subscribed channel on all of
YouTube youtube.com is one of the
biggest websites in the world in order
to get him to be the number one most
subscribed in the last 24 hours that is
a gigantic push I can't I mean it blows
my mind it really does think every one
of you like fifty thousand of you that's
like its stadium all right in the middle
of a stadium right now I'm on the
50-yard line of a football stadium and
you're all there and you're all waving
your shirts above your head you're so
fucked put your shirts on you perverts
alright have a great Sunday we'll see
you guys on Monday
happy all bye
