what tell us what the role was again so
you can answer here is no spot but your
militia kissing officer you can't feel
the conception - oh yes don't do that
Dax another side that was losing side
I'm talking here
but in all seriousness we got 11 inches
of new powder last night so I'll give
you 14 guesses where do you think I'm
going right now you probably won't even
need one yeah I go skiing like people go
to the gym it's been my workout that's
been what I've been doing every day to
exercise even if I only go for an hour
to scrape simulates unplugging driving
good bye hey guys happy Monday I hope
you liked the vlog to get the camera
shut out to the kids that get along
that's what their little heart also I
made a major vlogger mistake this
morning and I deleted a clip of a BIA
where she was in trowing a tie-dye shirt
tutorial she had this cute little intro
she showed the shirt and said hi
everybody welcome to the show I'm going
to show you how to do a tie-dye and then
I deleted that I'm so mad at myself
you're a vlogger there's nothing more
bite your tongue
anger finds and deleting footage that
you need for a video and you're going to
come onto the scene right now and a BIA
has found a flat spot to do the tie-dye
all right if you want to know how to do
a tie-dye shirt here's out oh well maybe
uh alright so when you have your
processes ready with a towel over your
carpet it is with your outside so I'm
not going to do it outside but usually
it's better to do it outside so your
advantage just put your shirt on to the
hot air surface and you're going to go
right in the middle and you're going to
start twirling up starting from the
middle if they just roll it up really
tight and then after you got almost all
wrapped into a little ball uses where
the rubber bands come in handy you are
going to get your rubber bands and
you're going to try to keep it all into
the center put the rubber bands on it so
all of the rubber bands intersect at the
center and then you got your shirts all
tied up and then the to tie dye colors
that you have they come in with powder
neck so you're going to open it up and
you are going to get your water and then
you should have Borden there is a line
on the back and it says to fill up his
aline he gives you stuff focusing so
just fill it up to the line then put
scribblers Beco it and then hold onto
the lid tight and then just shake it up
and down so it all mixes and dissolves
and then after all the Pyro's result
you're just going to do that same with
the rest of your chili colors
this is when you want to put on the
gloves because I made a cut out
yesterday shirt and like I did put my
gloves all the way out and sometimes I
got in the middle and so I got tie-dye
on my fingers and so you're going to put
your gloves on before you fit the
tie-dye on the shirt and then you are
going to get your tie dye look so easy
I'll get your tie dye colors I'm going
to put purple on these sections and then
pink on the section and I'm just going
to keep doing that until all the
sections are full of colors so after
about you put the purple or whatever
color you hop on about both sides you
want to kind of sort of on separate
sides then just get your separate colors
and they're just even my mouth so after
your shirt looks a little bit like this
it should look a little bit like that
your colors should be all separate so I
like a little stretch pattern if you
have one of three colors each section of
the rub around should have a different
color and now is how it looks on after
at this point what you're going to do
and you are going to get saran wrap and
you are going to wrap it around my shirt
make sure it's all wrapped up and then
you're going to let us sit from six to
eight hours
alright to show you what's next I'm just
going to get this other shirt that I
turn in a while ago then I have your
unwrapped but the other shirt still has
to sit for six eight hours and this
already has
so after this point after you waited for
six to eight hours you're gonna unwrap
this ran up take off the rubber bands
you are going to put it under the water
and just rinse it out
there's Tara in the sink right now you
just want to wait until the the water is
almost completely cleared after you
rinse it out you can open the shirt and
see a little bit what it looks like and
should look like a little bit like
there's a twist in the middle and then
at this point you're just going to get
your shirt and then you're going to sit
up alone in the wash if you put it with
any other clothes than the time I will
give you the other clothes so just make
sure to wash it along the nine years
going to turn your washer on put it on a
normal setting
and then press play
hi guys so after ease in the washer just
throw in the dryer and then you can wear
your t-shirt thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you like it please
subscribe and comment down below if you
think she liked this video see you guys
much for watching bye hey guys
kind of another we have yours hi can I
see your content light Oh
do not enter yeah you got it got it
wait sorry okay now can I leave there's
no taping you knew I had it yeah but oh
my god
would you like a punch on your gloves
goodness I would like all those things
because I love those hey also water
never goes to do some you never go to it
now
now we can to prove it again okay right
could we take you for a second oh okay
yeah I'll buy one for this girls okay
hey are those hunks in this one cuz you
know I like it coming I know it's
awesome that's the best Muddy Buddy
trunk lava or what oh hey it was this
big really wrong what tell us what the
rule was again so you think the answer
here in the spot but usual educational
you can't feel the conception see oh yes
don't do that Jackson are inside
everything sighs needy and unique by
rock not a child on I'm glad
you're come for your dancing location
all right and I paying bad
and John is logging at lyc√©e so I'm how
he turned it down
max imagine yeah forget forget okay the
boys are up there what are you guys
gonna sing hey watching why do you think
I got the music from it yes my lord
ding so he's gonna second Oh can't you
enjoy here yes done there you go you
wanna do the Rosa here is Ohio
I love you guys
okay
Wow
oh my god
whoa
you know so at me I mean I'm making a
hair salon and I'm the hair stylist and
he's making it better
this is called a shirt Mohawk but we
call it the shark just shirt
and rock in the same thing I
already except she wanted three homes
everywhere oh I know rocks hold still
North Laurel ever games on I also didn't
matter a while away I'm already being
talked I don't care lighten up so right
now all right these guys went to the
hair salon today we need you go to your
sister's hair salon what's this look
called
but spiked hair with your dark hair I
love it you guys are good sport your
sisters appreciate that all right
tonight we're making roast beef and
potatoes and salad and it's gonna be
very good
there's my mashed potatoes these are
real mashed potatoes oil and up yes what
are you wearing
who's the big one now so on our wheels
I'm on rollerskates Rakas on scooter Amy
I know what you don't know I just hit it
again um my scooter is that we're all
racing as I losing almost every single
lunch because I'm on a low base instead
of house I mean used to be gathers in
those high seven so results that all the
way we're going to decide since and why
not I'm not cited and so I still like
really base but I'm still living it
feels good and doctors most made it
halfway around well it is halfway around
okay I love in her you guys are just
hair it's a shirts Mohawk very exact
yeah once one of the not going to start
there but I love it
it's like he went to school and I was
like I love it it was so cute
hello guys it's another beautiful night
it's my okay and I'm so you know it's
just us messing around and she likes to
do cheer sense which we hate doing and
we really hate it so much just the
dumbest thing ever but anyways we were
messing around and they came up with
this oh yeah so don't tell how to edit
he'll do whatever you want
are you ready go whoa do over time let's
see this single ding Daniel oh whoops
okay well other side again to go Amy
look that's the dying cow that's it hey
that's the die now you're sure a mess
what okay well okay what do you guys
okay I've been getting pretty good at it
here did so uh let's film some juicy
things on this
and you know commuting there
Joe good guys please blow trick my hand
he's gonna clock Hey oh that simple
sleep I want to go shoot eyes okay
absolute life
