okay open the window into our world
begin that was sweet
okay nobody swear we're doing a Sunday
gap comes on the bench next to these
guys a Navy I do that little chord
progression thingymajig doodle you were
just doing and let's hear some musical
majesty mountain majesty
yeah yes oh geez stuntman Brock
you're right now
okay everybody anyways here fill me I
meant more entertaining these spreads
hey I'll go check on their loved one day
Sunday yard I just hanging out today
here in our room and last night that's
why this room was such a mess because
the way we ended last name is we had a
who can jump over the most pillows
contest which after I dominate you in
serious conversation
you wanna have like a nice easy workout
just beat yourself to a mini trampoline
sometimes I'll just have in here the
morning everybody gets one jump and then
we have our serious conversation
girls you guys are sound really good
that was innocent sorry that's okay I
bet you could do it again I'm gonna go
over here again stack them up again so
what you guys doing on your Sunday I
hope you'll hopefully you're having a
great day it's fall beautiful weather
here today
it's so crisp and brisk
you got really cold like a week ago it's
snowing here we are talking about oh oh
also I have others and things on a tell
you about oh no idea
that's the first jump that hasn't
disturb the pillows oh you guys 21 21
pilots was on Saturday Night Live last
night and and guys well you're easy I
tweeted at Josh and Tyler and I told
them they did an amazing job and Tyler
Joseph liked my tweet
and I was like okay so I would have a
challenge you guys yeah we got this
Collette botanist after we went to the
twenty one pilots show yeah okay brought
we come over here and sit down
without touching any villains guys I
wouldn't have a talk about women I'm not
trying to be topical or anything but
recently you guys know that guy that's
been watching a lot of new stuff about
the election about the presidency and I
saw a comment on one of our vlogs the
other day that made me start thinking
about this and I want to talk about
respecting women I want to talk about
you know the way that we should treat
women and girls and just people in
general about being kind Jackson you're
getting all serious up in here
oh I was highly dangerous all right okay
no more jumpy for a minute come sit down
thank you anyways you guys know how much
I love your mom right your mom is like
an angel to me she is my sweet precious
like I think like this but I imagine
this is your mom right here and all of
her ancestors hopefully we live on after
this earth I want to I think it's sound
like a great plan
why end it and we've been working so
hard anyways what about all these people
all these people who love and care and
are trying to hold up this woman and we
need to be careful with what we say
about each other because there's a lot
of people who love everybody
individually and I want you guys to know
that I see your mom as a daughter of God
we believe in God we believe in a
Heavenly Father and if there's a
heavenly father what is there I believe
there's a heavenly mom I believe God is
a woman and guy you know I that's that's
my belief and so if you think about
women in that way where we have a mother
that cares for us somewhere else you
would never want to say anything about
women or if you saw a girl and she like
who she's sexy like that just makes them
kind of like an object like a piece of
meat you know what I'm saying
so I just wanted to talk you know mostly
to you know my son's my boys but you
know I wanted to do it in front of you
guys to know that and you better know
that if I hear you disrespecting women
you'll be in trouble with me
and that we need to show respect and we
need to look at women as angels as
daughters of God so yeah I saw comment
the other day of somebody commented
something about your mom that was like
how do you want to say what the comment
was because it makes me mad but it's
like you know there's a lot of that
stuff you guys know we get a lot of bad
promise
we'll probably talk about comments just
because we talk about the comments but
we need to realize that people say
things because they're either one
hurting or they're naive and we just
still need to be kind to people anyways
I saw this comment I thought I'm not
gonna say anything but sometimes the
point that I want to get to is we need
to stand up we need to stand up and say
like it's not okay to talk like that and
and it's not okay to get caught talking
like that it's just you should never
talk like that because we all have been
with friends and parties and people say
stuff people say mean crude craft stuff
a lot of times just to get a laugh
because they don't know what else to say
so like if I say this shocking mean
thing people will notice me and they
don't even realize that they're doing it
for that reason so let's just be
conscious of the things we say and how
we treat people and remember that you
can't be a certain way in secret and be
a different person in public you should
be able to say the same things around
your grandma as you do your friends at
school you know I'm saying and if you
have different if you talk differently
around different people you need to ask
yourself Who am I
which one of those people I'm I you got
to decide for yourself who are you
anyways well that's your mommy that
matriarch oh I just don't say we all
make mistakes you know we also feel like
it goes both ways I feel like just
people in general are mean to each other
especially on the internet because it's
like you youth you it's sometimes
sometimes easier to say it on you know
a person like most the time so just
think about that you could save this to
somebody's face do you really want to
say that love you guys
is that a bummer wouldn't say I love you
guys what do you think about that you
have any comments maybe I don't know we
gotta go oh yeah tomorrow
what takes an AJ DARS out oh that's do
some cute okay am I
