hold on this is what count ya know that
counts if you look down see it doesn't
matter if you see it it counts hey guys
yeah why doesn't that count when you
survey because you have to like it you
have to get try to get somebody's
attention to look well he just always
has it come over here to talk over here
it doesn't yes play that game to punch
each other if they look at this below
their waist
hey okay you guys listen up I have some
good news and I have some bad news what
do you want first you wanna get out Rock
chart okay
so I'll give you the bad news first I
lost my hat and there's only good news
from here the bad news is there's no
video today but the good news is that
I'm gonna trade you for tomorrow so
there will be a video tomorrow oh wait a
minute this is a video so actually
there's no bad news this is an all good
news vlog hallelujah praise Jesus speak
of the devil we're here I did it again I
said speak of it okay you heard me
anyways I'm not looking down dude I'm
not looking down how'd you see that son
heard look did you look you look okay so
here's the deal I had a major
technological malfunction day this
morning because Logan spent all night
watching movies on my laptop and so then
I tried to take my editing software put
it on my new laptop and try to edit
today's vlog and it didn't work and then
we had to leave to drive to Salt Lake
City so that we get on the airplane to
fly back to Los Angeles California
hallelujah the spring break is over
which I'm sad about
don't fall in the fountain he's gonna
fall in it hey so here we are a couple
school you guys c'mere let's look at the
temple
check out these grounds are so beautiful
you guys know this is the Salt Lake City
temple here in Utah this took 40 years
to the day to build I'm not looking at
that I'm not looking at that I'm looking
at the temple who looked at that you get
a punch in the arm anyways this is built
out of solid granite which being a past
granite fabricator I just know that to
be able to build a granite temple
without power tools is amazing that's
crazy anyways we are here 40 years took
40 years that's the tabernacle that is a
very famous tabernacle the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir plays inside of there
and here over here is the girl I chose
to be with for eternity
that's my eternal companion so you are
not my eternal companion well I am
connected to you forever though anyway
so we'll be back tomorrow you guys we're
travelling web to not work from now we
just ate and now we're gonna walk around
these beautiful grounds and enjoy one
another's company and maybe punch each
other on the arm a few times oh that was
a good solid punch look at this
beautiful I think I can smell it no
that's not poop they just aerated the
lawn that's kind of smoke oh sorry buddy
sorry anyways well shouldn't come show
you come around let's run over here real
quick you guys I wanna show them the
temple so we'll be back tomorrow
like I said Saturday vlog but the thing
is this under it has three water polo
games tomorrow so it's gonna be hard but
I'll get it up
you know gorgeous there it is Salt Lake
City temple let cool you guys he hasn't
been here before haven't you yeah all
right anything last words you guys say
goodbye
all right let's go get mom let's quit
mom all right guys see you tomorrow
sorry no video today oh oh oh my
goodness I gotta say this thank you
sincerely and genuinely for subscribing
to Tyler you guys I went and looked on
vid stats X the youtube.com slash tribe
Tyler YouTube channel is the most
subscribed youtube channel on all of
YouTube in the last 24 hours because of
you guys that's amazing that is so cool
thank you that makes me feel so happy
alright see you guys tomorrow
one last baby shot that ought to appease
them that oughta make them happy alright
