hi I'm login here hey guys do you want
to do something cool with me right now
will you guys help me you guys do
something that will change somebody's
life forever and that's not just a
cliche thing to say all you changed my
life forever literally and you know I
hate using that arm we are about to
change somebody's life for the rest of
their life okay so for those of you who
have been with the shaycarl train that's
what I call it and those of you have
been watching my videos for the last
five years you know where we've come
from a lot of you have just joined
recently
you know we gained new subscribers every
day but for those of you who know our
story you know that we started now it's
basically broke struggling to make ends
meet trying to pay bills and you know
put food on the table for kids and I
found this crazy YouTube thing and I
started making videos and then we moved
to Los Angeles and started a company
made videos every day for five years and
got all this success and all these
opportunities happen and then we ended
up selling this company to Disney the
Walt Disney Company and it just you guys
know you know that story and you always
hear me say it's a dream come true of a
dream I never knew I even had and it
feels it's awesome I want to help other
people now I feel like I've gotten to a
point where it's like I now need to pay
it forward I want to start finding some
of you out there some very amazing young
talented individuals you have to be
young you can be old I'm 34 that's some
old and I want to help give these people
that push that they need the push that I
got I got a push from Philip DeFranco
when I very first started so I want to
do that for as many of you as I can and
I know there are some amazingly talented
people out there so the fine folks at
Squarespace decided to help me hook up
one of you guys Squarespace is basically
a great place to build a website you can
go there you get started they have
templates for the type of business you
have businesses portfolios if you have a
store that's one of the great things
about Squarespace is that everybody that
gets a membership gets a free store
there's 24/7 customer service so
Squarespace contacted me and they said
that they would offer one year free web
hosting and free web design for anybody
of my choosing so I found a young
individual by the name of Tyler my name
is
Shelton 19 years old and from Cincinnati
Ohio Tyler a couple months ago well man
that's like two years ago I ran Los
Angeles marathon
Tyler created this amazing like drawing
slash spray paint stencil thing of me
running the marathon and I got all these
tweets from people like Shay you gotta
check this guy out
he drew this cool thing of you and I was
like wow super talent and I couldn't
believe that he made this in like the
video he made it was like so artistic
kid these really long dreads I think
long hairs cool obviously I'm trying to
pull it off and failing miserably so
Tyler's a youtuber but he's also an
amazing artist he does photography and
like I said he does these really cool
stencil pieces of artwork he can play
guitar and he can play music he just
posted one of my favorite songs into the
cover of Death Cab for Cutie's song I
will follow you into the dark I tweeted
it the other day I've listened to a
deadtime and he's just this really like
down to earth humble amazingly talented
kid that I think you know this guy he
could go big if he just had a little bit
of help so i DM him on Twitter the other
day and I said to him I said hey dude I
have this deal with Squarespace where
they are willing to host your website
because he has a website where he sells
his art and I said to him do it if you
want Squarespace will host your website
for a year and then they will
professionally redesign your website for
you exactly how you want and he told me
that Squarespace is the one who actually
already hosts his website so I was like
yo that's awesome what a coincidence so
he tweeted me back and he agreed to do
it and he was so pumped and so excited
and he made a video the next day like
crying like talking about how grateful
he was and he's just so humble and such
I feel so happy about this so here's the
part where you come in this is an
official shout out I am gonna leave
Tyler's link below I want every single
one of you to go check him out go
subscribe to him go to his website well
it might be down actually for two weeks
because Squarespace is gonna be working
on it so we're gonna make an update
video we're going to show you his
updated website I will leave a link
below but once it's redesigned I
encourage you and I myself I'm gonna go
buy that stencil piece of art that he
made of me when I ran the Los Angeles
marathon and I just wanna like pour love
on this kid just like heaps of it thumbs
up his videos follow him on Twitter by
RF is
website subscribe to his channel kiss
him if you see him on the streets just
like the Shaytards family just picking
this one guy to just all surround and
just give him this big shake on top ah
you know that mebbe weird was that weird
I just think it would be so cool if we
could all like gather together as a
community and just pile it on this one
person and he's not the last person
we're gonna do it with trust me your
turn might be coming but this month
it's Tyler's turn I can just see in like
ten years from now like he'll be on the
radio or he'll be up on a big stage so
we're in an art gallery and we will all
be able to be like we know him when we
knew him back when he only had like what
does he have right now 6,500 subscribers
and that will be so cool be such a
journey that we can all take together so
go check about links below one last
thing I want you guys to tell me what is
your dream what's the one thing that
you've always wanted to do or the
business that you've always wanted to
start something that you've always
thought like it would be so cool to be
able to do this for a living I want you
to leave that in the comments below and
here's the second part to that starting
a YouTube channel and moving out to Los
Angeles and you know helping co-found
maker studios was all a giant risk it
was one of those things that we had to
take a giant leap of faith we had to say
you know what I don't know if right now
is the right time but we just got to do
it we just got to take that risk or we
will always regret never trying that one
thing that I've always wanted to do
because it just didn't seem right or we
didn't have the money or wasn't the
right timing so my encouragement to you
is to start that website do that thing
that you've always dreamed about doing
so Squarespace is offered to give a 10%
discount to anybody who signs up with
them for the next year it's $8 a month
you get 24/7 free customer support and
you can create and design your own
website so what is it is it a store is
it a blog is it a jewelry thing I don't
know what your dream is but if it's
something that you've been waiting for
and you just been like man I should do
that thing or you've always had this
idea for a website or an invention and
you just have never done it because you
just didn't think that you can make it
happen you're never going to have the
amount of success that you could have if
you don't make that risk so my challenge
to you
is if you had a website if you have an
idea that you've always wanted to start
do it now right now what are you waiting
for I know that's like Coach pep-talk
cliche kind of lingo but seriously if
you don't do it now when will you do it
again are you going to finally take the
reins take your life by the horns and do
it so I suggest and I encourage all of
you if you had an idea
do it now whether it be a website or it
be a business or it be start a youtube
channel or it be to ask that pretty girl
out in biology class do it take that
leap of faith and do it now so I'm going
to leave a link below squarespace.com /a
where you can go get 10% off of your
first year of web hosting and don't be
intimidated I know a lot of you're like
I don't know how to design a website
it's easy they have templates there's
like all these designs you can pick from
it I like that
then you like drag and drop different
things into your website that you like
like I like this color with this right
here and it's so easy it's like you
click and you move things it's simple
you don't have to like no code or
anything so check it out links below to
Tyler and Squarespace and I want to
thank Squarespace for making this
possible and all of you guys let's go
just dog pile on Tyler ready 1 2 3
the dog pile of love love love dog pile
hey how are you guys did you decide to
tune in to see what we're doing in our
life today
well come on welcome don't be shy come
on in feel like you're part of the
family
here's Logie bear just hanging out on
the couch watching tough movies like
Lindsay Lohan's Greatest Hits yeah my
favorite cool bro gotta hold Ronald in
here slaving away no structure good you
better be or I'll ship you back to Los
Angeles young man you and your king will
be back in the big city in no time
you're not gonna make it here in this
small town you better get your act
together huh all right you go chicken
I'm gonna head up just like shake ha ha
thanks rod and so that's what they're
doing and just like shake our own thumb
now we're gonna go what's going on out
here guys I'm not sure if you knew but I
have five children would you like to
meet them you would okay here they are
the right here you're homeless dang it
yeah we know - laughs ah you're from
dude you gotta say lava not lava don't
fall - your mom's the dark side oh
here's one of my other children here's
my favorite child actually hey favorite
child cam come in sometimes the kids
tonight sometimes the kids get homeless
you guys I have to go save them so let's
go save them from their homelessness all
right you guys explain to me your
homelessness homeless children please
pirate sounds like the life
okay great all right you guys want me to
jump you on the trampoline really good
at
I'm who I'm shopping with this is my
sister you guys have met her and the
cutest booboo I think you've met him
before
hi no you can't have it hmm he's
starting to get to the age while reach I
love it and hi little ila we love you
she's being so sweet this is what I love
hanging out with my sisters
I need more sisters in my life I mean I
don't need more sisters I need my
sisters to be in my life more that's
what I meant to say anyways look I'm
looking at shoes guys do like these
they're wedges and they're super light
and they're super cute and they're super
comfortable I know what Shea would say
say you already have a pair of those but
I don't I don't have ones that look like
this I promise honey I need them it's a
need right it is I'm getting him oh I'm
is ginned are you hugging the babies did
you give the baby are you giving him
hugs
oh it's super sweet she's knows the
camera like can I ever mind that looks
more exciting alright you guys so
princes tart is out here she has a
little snack stand where she's trying to
smell sell stuff and I just gave
rockhard a $20 bill let's see if she's
gonna rip him off
you put her by that whole snack stand
for 20 bucks hey does he get any change
of course I want change that's a $20
bill you can't sell them a $20 cupcake
$20 for a cupcake that's a ripoff
I'm calling the Better Business Bureau
well you got to give him his change bro
I caught you on hidden camera trying to
rip off a customer you're gonna hear
about this down in the Chamber of
Commerce
rawr go get changed dude you had 19
bucks purchased Hertz trying to run a
cupcake scam on us Rob sure doesn't care
you got a cupcake
he gave it he's like dad you have a
dollar you have a dollar I said no I
don't have a dog owes dad your wallet
humming all right so I only had a 20 in
there so he takes a 20 down there oh
you're so freakin loaded all right just
wire transfer it to my Swiss bank
account okay
so princess tart is quite the little
businesswoman she's always wanting to
work for money or to have a lemonade
stand or sell something to make money
she's constantly asked me to start a
website to sell her like loom bracelets
and like no we don't have time for that
so we had a little business 101 though
because I went out there and realized
that she has all of grandmas stuff like
grandma's grape juice and apple juice
and crackers and all this stuff that
she's stole from grandma's pantry so I
went out there and I said hey you have
to pay for this merchandise you can't
just take it and then sell it like this
grape juice apple juice that's like five
bucks you need to pay for that and you
like the look on her face she's like I
do
so she's learning about business Ron we
have a little capitalist on our hands
what okay so what's that five cents for
what the cupcake is a dollar five no she
got one knit oh one nib okay so you got
a cupcake in one nib how much you got
how much change you got I have $10 but I
have others in 20s and you gave me a 20
so you have to go get some change then
you can pay me back
yes case what do you got there it's
10:10 okay so you owe me how much no
trash 895 no 895 okay you owe me $8.95
okay have a great stand out there hey
joy my anything wrong I just seared it
I'll get it I'll loan you a dollar even
go buy cupcake ooh they're only a dollar
yeah it's great deal this is an Easter
sale he's too sad ooh probably nice and
cold drink shayloss you can't have a
cupcake were you thinking you're
uploading too shayla's video right now I
would just see what it happened was I
was gonna take know and I was gonna I
was gonna use it to cut your grass and
then take grass and put it in the juicer
and then drink that why pretend it for
the $8.95 you would give me that much 15
minutes for 895 okay go get the lotion
you rub my feet yeah I think I need a
broken foot a broken foot rub we don't
offer those here Serpa traumatize her
forelegs what is hiding that there I
feel like I'm in an episode of Sesame
Street there's a random grass six
brought to you by the number six brought
to you by but not been sick so random if
baby tart was turning six this year
instead of seven maybe I'd get it for
her no she'd be like mom why did hey hey
baby baby boy I said hey hey baby baby
boy say hey baby boy he's not the baby
boy he's a baby boy did it did a bit
better day the boy is a baby baby baby
boy yeah he loves that guy singing you
like your own smile baby baby boy he's
my baby baby baby boy I said he's
baby baby baby boy he's the cutest
little baby in the life of my face he's
so white compared to you you're very
pale little one I'm not afraid to make
out with my baby love it
look he likes it your hand looks huge on
the kid you better knock it off right
now
he loves you oh oh my hand I have a head
oh my god whoa God
oh dude go get that Dorothy where's that
door thing one more thing number that
rockers jump in oh I think Sadie has an
axe we gotta get you jumping in the door
thing oh he doing in the dorothy jumping
in the door
jumping in he's jumping and he's jumping
in I don't know he's all this long flown
in the door he's up and down on the
floor in the door hey want some more in
the door over more oh you're a whore
wait wait what I just rhymed I'm not
sure
Wow all right boys we're an Idaho now
look at that that kids from
1960-something
alright so we're out showing Ronald the
sights of Idaho what do you think you
like it it'd be so this is Logan I jump
from right here into the water before oh
really
but she wasn't as cool as me so there's
this little swimming hole that when I
was a kid in high school me and my
buddies and we'd get girls we'd all come
and hang out here and Logan did the same
things I just tell him how weird it is
how years later he had him and his
friends all come to the same spot he's
like hey you don't want me to show you
the coolest place in the world I'm like
dude I know that spot I used to go there
all the time anyways we would run and
jump off of here into the water then you
go climb on these waterfalls and do
backflips and jump off these rocks and
stuff go little spot where'd you have
the bonfire on well in the summer down
here right above the waterfall it gets
lower there's all these flat rocks
oh right right middle there's this big
dry circular Rock right there when we
set up a big bonfire and dude it was
awesome probably the best night ever
ever I don't even tell me about a good
night that you have so it's nowhere near
as good as that night ever did you hear
what gary said to Martha I know that is
so ridiculous if I was her I would not
stand for that well he's the one that's
always running up the credit cards well
I don't care nobody should have to put
up with that kind of behavior from a man
walls I gotta say is that's a fine chick
gobble-gobble you big pig hey guys Dylan
you guys cool anybody strangle you
lately you're good all right sounds good
good night alright you guys I need your
help today I need your help helping you
that make sense so first of all please
go subscribe and love dog pile on top of
Tyler - the more you guys click on the
links that I provide today and I'm going
to be tweeting and facebooking about
Squarespace the more likely it is that
they will be willing to host a lot more
of these in the future where we just
blow somebody up I mean quite literally
we will change somebody's life we were
going to get
free hosting free website design I'm
going to give the biggest shout out I
can and just turn somebody's life around
somebody that's been working hard and
deserves that if you can help by just
checking those things out subscribing
going to their website if you can't
afford you know to get a website right
now I understand but if that's something
that you've been wanting to do for a
long time then why wait get it now and
get it started get your web donate
domain name set aside you know if you're
not ready to do it now if you have an
idea for a name just go and get it
alright ah think thumbs up the video we
appreciate you guys watching it means a
lot to us we feel so blessed to be a
part of this journey and you know that's
a text message thanks mister telephone
but uh stop it I will punch with your
face anyways we want to help out as many
of you as possible like I said we really
feel like giving back so please check
out yesterday's vlog click on that
feeling lucky button and if you want to
sue the Shaytards don't want do you know
the routine click on those beautiful
faces you can watch our family your
entire life okay love you guys I'll see
you tomorrow
