this is just a typical day in the life
of the Butler family guys how do I look
the news is here oh I guess we're some
news cuz the nervous is here can you
believe the news is here like the
sprouts tears the news here yes the
babies talking oh hi he wants to come be
on the news are they gonna be on it two
other girls on it too okay here we go
let's talk to the new all right you guys
ready dad's gonna be on the news
haha what do you think okay go ahead and
sit down relax okay yeah I had no idea
what was on the internet other than
YouTube and so I one night we got my
this new computer and I started looking
on YouTube and I realized I could I can
watch whatever I wanted to you know
Green Day concerts skiing we have almost
500 employees I am not like you know the
big CEO at the desk deal in making all
those big decisions I'm more you know
the talent I guess you'd call me which I
don't have much of but you know so I
just work on my videos like I'm not like
one of the CEOs okay so we're getting
ready for an action shot the film just
what we do normally a typical day on
cars and we see where this is what we
typically write as a repose trying to
get her Michael okay maybe we need to
tone down the typical day Tom down the
middle of the day for me like I said oh
right little ride on a fly being behind
okay
oh yeah like you're doing a video I'm
actual do a video oh you're no pretended
in their house real video ok she's doing
the intro for the news piece perfect
horses like a couple no you're gonna get
us one take one take no pressure no
pressure okay this is just a typical day
the life of the Butler family here guys
you're so cute alright don't be too loud
you guys kind of be quiet okay this is
just a typical day in the head so uh
come on okay one more
no whining there's no whining in the
typical life yeah okay ready
screw over this makes you this way okay
ready yes let's go okay this is just the
typical day in the life why do you want
to sit bring the crazy down air just not
that way but across okay okay ready yeah
go
good okay stop whoa Gabey ik over here
come here
hey I have an idea okay tell me you like
what if you say that and then I hit you
over the head with a pillow no no I'll
uh okay okay guys ready on your marks
get set go
this is just a typical day in the life
of the bubble
okay I just wrapped on my news article
my news article my news piece my news
piece chicken watch 2014
how are the chickens julene are they all
just just what we get some pictures
this was my that your picture yes who's
in that picture oh that's our family huh
do you like our family all right so what
do they eat are you the head of this
chicken farm pretty much okay so that
woman's name is black cherry not women
Rebecca this one name is on the seat
it's the babish because she keeps
jumping over the pool but she never
listens doesn't this one's name is Rosie
and this will you names is filet laughs
bad Rosie quit jumping over the pool she
can jump over the pool this way my black
cherry can and a loosey black cherry and
Lucy is black cherry rock cards where
did where do you find them where do they
go when they jump over the pool wall
well if they're like if the kids are
gonna grab them a sometimes jump over
here they do look at him why do you
think they're getting bigger you feel
like they've gotten bigger since you
guys have gotten Oh Oh i-i've seen a big
difference of baby parts cause hers is
the tiniest but it's gotten a little bit
heavier has it you can feel the weight
what's in what are they eating what's
the nicest so MA so dachshund he like
it's only milk so they only eat this
stuff until they're like kind of grown
up a little cool all right well thanks
for the chicken update 2014 how you guys
living conditions pretty cool hello
children
did you have fun aunt Sadie's house it
is windy in Idaho today I was cray-cray
to call your teeth hurt good good
you guys behave yes promise okay ever
get your seatbelts fastened
yeah cabinets full Paul that bread for
me yeah said he made banana bread what
the generous kind and loving individual
she
I see young Hey he was just talking I'm
trying to get him to talk again say Dada
Dada Dada Dada da yep we're shopping
again tonight we're going to make tacos
because they're super easy and we have a
stadium rider coming over it's gonna be
fun yes would you have to say about that
yeah it's a DS vegetarian so I need to
find her some like rice and beans to mix
to put in the tacos I'm not very good at
making that kind of stuff so I might
just call a Mexican food restaurant and
get some rice and beans to go is that
lame nope
it's happening I just decided oh yes
we're getting ready to watch um
warp uni get up here try that again
mmm so tonight che is going to be on the
news cuz channel six came and
interviewed him so we're gonna go watch
him on the news tonight it's gonna be
fun yeah we're gonna need to uh go to
watch the news they're not you you're
not gonna eat apples are gonna drink now
is the news on you guys are gonna be on
the news tonight you're excited you're
gonna be on TV just television televisio
me wrong fish I squat all right Phil
thank you joining us now to talk a
little bit more about seismic activity
in the seismic activity professor okay
it's not Anya who recently partnered
with Disney makes a stop back in the
area will hear from shay-bo about his
recent million dollars and in Idaho
State basketball I don't get five
hundred million dollars Todd black Eden
I wonder if she left that pardon grace
look I'm sorry they cut you out of the
teaser sorry bro are you there yes
sit-downs
right mom what else we tell us they're
going to commercial first you're quiet
during the commercial
mom I'm login I'm excited I'm on the TV
Abu khattala native who will be working
with Disney talks to KP I knew six about
his recent five hundred fifty million
dollar deal that's coming up after the
break my second taster
the double tasered us they're trying to
keep us around so we tune in get those
ad dollars dang it
we're just sitting there like steering's
we don't have a DVR so I can't pause it
so I have to like catch it right as the
story comes on I don't want to miss it
you guys care guys care about this news
story I think it's cool like it's fun
alright hold I don't watch for it what I
like to stress is possible recently
brought you a story about a local
youtuber that started maker studios that
was then just purchased by Disney to the
tune of 550 million dollars KPBS
reporter Dan Kaufman had the chance to
visit him and his family today while
they were here in town in their hometown
for a little vacation this is just a
typical day in the life of the Butler
family once upon a dream and that dream
became a reality when che started out
making videos on YouTube and then
started maker studios with a few friends
he met up with in LA when they realized
how big the company was becoming they
had the thought that maybe they could
one day sell it Time Warner was a big
investor in maker studios early on and
then Disney just purchased them for a
whopping five hundred and fifty million
dollars but Shea says not to get too
excited because there are other
investors and shareholders that will get
a chunk of that pot of gold my mom sent
me the front-page article of that
upstate journal is like ex Pocatello and
has 500 million reasons to celebrate I'm
like no I don't have 500 million dollars
I mean I don't get like a fraction of
that like four hundred ninety eight
million you know che may be richer now
than he was five years ago when he
couldn't even afford toilet paper and
had to borrow some from Taco Bell Taco
Bell will bring him back I swear
so yeah I mean there was a time in our
life where we were struggling to try to
figure out what we're going to do that
we took a few rolls of toilet paper from
the Taco Bell bathroom and I'm not proud
of that but they caused a lot of other
things with their bean burritos so I
think they owned be a few rolls of
toilet paper
their danger delicious though I love
Taco Bell why didn't sue for that
getting a piece of that burrito Shay's
friend maker studios co-founder and ex
CEO Danny ZAPPIN filed a lawsuit seeking
to block a shareholder vote on Disney
acquisition but I can say that it's it's
sometimes it's a sad story it's a tale
as old as time when money and success
get involved and you know friends
getting business together you know
misunderstandings can happen despite the
lawsuit Shay says the deal with Disney
will still go through and will be a
win-win situation for everyone and even
with all of his success he says that him
and his family will not live the
fairytale life we're not gonna get crazy
and you know have Cristal my wife though
she she she spent a little bit more
money at Ross than she should have the
other day Colette I don't care if those
are two-for-one bags you need to watch
it in Pocatello I'm Deanne coffins kpv I
knew six
she says the lawsuit brought on by SAP
and was not approved by the judge and
the deal with Disney will go through
Shea's next adventure is making a
documentary he'll be a youtuber and a
vlogger became his job let you know
about that one I like that gun we did
that guy just on camera just to talk
about anything more in abuse oh my gosh
she's good stuff
and a great story too so congratulations
to him that's great let's talk out of
state now thanks guys you guys are great
that was good business and you used your
personal yeah I mean that's what well
she acted what your job yep no yeah
Deanne you win I have your card right
here Deanne Kaufman you win for leaving
the funny stuff in seriously that is so
true because every time I do an
interview where's the turn that down
most of the times when I do interviews
like that they take out all the funny
stuff they try to make it seem so
professional so she definitely wins for
leaving all the funny stuff in I mean
that was all I everything I said was
funny so there wasn't much to cover
what'd you say I said you stole money
you still talk about your mom's idea
have we ever told that story in the
vlogs I don't think we have heavily tell
the story but max I need some new ones
yeah I mean there was a time where we
had we didn't have enough money to buy a
toilet paper and we were like I'm gonna
get paid the next day and your mom had
take a giant dump so we had to go get
some rope what a life what a life that
was cool that was a really good piece
I'm glad we saw it and filmed it for you
I know what happened did you do it
did you break that rabbit oh sorry did
you go tell grandma sorry
we'll give her a kiss where's grandma
grandma you're sorry and put it in my
hand we'll have to kill it back on who
put it in my hand look what is going on
here wow that's kind of trippy actually
you know I don't like that that's it
come here wait look at me favorite area
that's weird what are you standing on go
down to there Logan dude that's weird
that we danced with Logan are you
embarrassed we doesn't your daddy your
daddy your daddy
here what the heck get back here oh
she's a daddy's girl oh that's what
you're seeing you this tall oh you're
beautiful wait not you zip it Carly yeah
that's big Harley my goodness yeah I
mean it's tie studies done and I'm not a
PR nice yeah I don't agree oh yeah Wow I
don't think I like take a picture I'm
gonna post it on the social media
website yeah I did
picture but he's left it'll fall ahead
Twitter to see it man that's weird
that's really weird seeing my daughter
like grown up like that you know she's
not grown up but you know she was
standing on a stool underneath that
giant dress that was my sister's dress
that I think was one of my her old prom
dresses not one of my old prom dresses I
wore a miniskirt stupid weird
you know you know I'm a parent but I
still feel like one of you guys if
you're young if you're old ooh now I
mean what I what I mean is when I think
I just still feel like a kid sometimes
most the time and I think what would I
have thought as a 16 year old of a 34
year old man with five kids in my head
that's like Oh old you know mature it's
a state of mind I don't know I'm just
was weird seeing baby tarted like that
tonight I don't know if I'm ready for
that you know anyways it is Oh 1:20 in
the morning oh pretty come late I gotta
go I'm going to pick up a special friend
right now you guys want to come let's go
pick him up come on let's go okay you
guys we are here at the designated
location so who do you think I'm picking
up so the other day I was watching the
vlog where collect comes up and I'm
sitting on the couch and I'm talking
about Logan not sending me the clip and
I'm just kind of like laying there my
giant freaking guts hanging out well
it's time to start training for the New
York City Marathon we are running the
New York City Marathon in November for
UNICEF so I had to call in some special
forces to come to Idaho because I could
not delay any more so I've had to bring
in the big guns and he's here he's
looking handsome
giddyup cowboy you're in idaho now a
logic there's a chariot we wrote a
chariot that's pretty cool
did they give you a free baked potato on
the ride actually wrote on the back of
like 20 Mormon kid sounds about right
alrighty I'll come help you get your
luggage look Oh Idaho I am I don't even
wear my shoes to come pick them up rod
look I have my socks on what do you got
bro what stuff you got just a backpack
just a backpack alright just a
background room that's all you need to
train me to get ready for the New York
City Marathon that's all that's all you
need man all right we got the big whip
hey I'm excited good to see you buddy
this is like your stomping ground yeah
man this is where I grew up this is
where your life your life blood is all
over it's all ready you ever hung out at
this maverick dude I've been to this
maverick at least a hundred times I'm a
great grandpappy built that memory all
right Ron's here Wow too low whistle
what's that you're not sick of us yet
you want to see more of our videos well
good because I have seven options right
here on the screen you can click on so
here's the end slate you can click right
on the screen yesterday's vlogs what
we're doing yesterday feel lucky button
Ron is actually currently working on the
feelin lucky button video I'm working on
my feeling lucky button right now work
on it Ron huh make it lucky quit
whipping me get out work all right you
guys so Shay loss is coming back Ron is
here he's whipping me into shape we're
getting ready for the New York Marathon
we're running for UNICEF so click on
that feeling lucky button video to go
check it out and if you want to see what
the Shaytards are doing 1 2 3 4 & 5
years ago you can literally go back and
watch we're doing every single day for
the last 5 years
click on those corresponding numbers if
you're on a mobile device all those
links are in the description
conveniently located just for you okie
dokie love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow say something wrong adios
muchachos muchachos
