have you killed that chicken yet are you
soft with him people in the comments
today of the video said that you're
strangling the chicken yeah you sure
because a lot of experts there's a lot
of chicken experts all through the
comments that say like look this girl
she goes to veterinarian school and she
says that you're strangling the chicken
are you guys not nice to meet you really
are you guys having fun we are going to
the post office to send some mail
to the post office we gotta pay some
taxes like your dad is editing the video
your Grandpa's here and the chickens the
chickens are going to take care of you
look back you got a dead man on the
Tramp what are you gonna do it then whoa
this is alive just havin fun in the
backyard that is the life you guys
remember just playing was a kid you had
no worries you didn't have to pay taxes
you just got to jump on the trampoline
and worry about when dinner was gonna be
served right you have a long time before
you have to worry about taxes but for me
I gotta worry about him today
she always take a bite to Shay he's been
duteous Lee is that word duteous he's
editing the vlog hello my love for me
are you editing ready and I'm mad at
Logan is he not sending me this clip oh
no just about to call him and ream him
out because he said he'd send me the
clip me in the truck and he hasn't done
it no clip and I'm already late on
today's vlog here wanna call him right
now and see if he answers he doesn't
answer he's gonna get a stern talking-to
and a swift kick in his pantalones tight
medium pantalones mediums what do you
say watch out or not i've tried your
boat hard i even do with the tard names
you under the post office yes he's not
holding we're paying our taxes blegh oh
man taxes the taxes and clips and it's
horrible is real the struggle is real
oh no answering ah
he knows I'm calling he knows hey little
bug boo - gotcha Pooh Bear like I'm
ready to poo oh my goodness
boy love you so much all of your soul
boat all right we just finished post
office and it was crazy in there I think
because it is tax time the line was
super super long it was almost like LA
at Christmas time when the lines were
huge long but it was kind of funny
because the lines are always really long
at the post office in LA and everybody
in there was like oh my gosh this is
ridiculous and in my mind I'm like this
is normal this is normal in LA it's nice
not having that much of a crowd here
when we're in visiting in Idaho enemies
pay the taxes yippee somebody's hungry
for some finger lickin deliciousness you
guys are figuring liquid deliciousness
yeah I love you I love you so much all
right what are we doing where we act you
tell me about your life tell me about
your feelings your emotions
what are you experiencing in your life
on this lovely day here in southeastern
Idaho look at it beautiful sandwich why
does he say sandwich Rock chart doesn't
he can't say sandwich hey thanks like a
snake he's a snake fun no say snake and
they shake Wow I wanna sandwich you in
the face why does he say band without
sandwich
let's break you fast that's freaky best
interest you feel like dancing is fun I
think he's happy you like dancing with
him yeah he's a dancing fool look at him
he's alone American Star Search warrior
I just made up that it's like a mixture
of American Idol and a next top warrior
which is also made up show in my mind I
can't Zog that's why the other thing I
love about Idaho is Grandma and Grandpa
know how to put those kids to work as
you know my favorite type of Labor
that's right child labor
what do you Yahoo's doing out there you
mowed the lawn mom are you guys planting
flowers dad you put in a new mailbox
there's baby turd with a paintbrush
cleaning off the grass saunt are you
finished Moen okay all right keep up the
good work kids kind of start just like a
all right you guys Logan just called me
we're about to go flying so Logan works
for this guy who used to be a pilot I'm
basically saying dude I'd like to go
flying sometime he called me on my bluff
we're going flying mom dad I don't make
it I love you
he said that we can fly it too and then
it you make it go like this and he said
they oh it's like some zero-gravity
stuff I'm gonna be practicing my space
walking mom zero gravity you want to
come I would love you don't make that a
hell no that would be some great footage
my mom freaking out on the airplane
here's the other thing I want to eat
some of this delicious guacamole my mom
just made but one of the requirements
that Logan said before I go on this
flight is do not eat very much before we
go so what if I do you know I love you
and listen I've made five years of
videos for you to go back to remember me
by
think about that if I die I have so many
good memories to look back on don't go
mom come on people flying airplanes
every day you're right not every day
people die in cars every day not
airplanes pretty far you want to go no
not this time maybe next time I know you
would though cuz you're mr. daring
you're mrs. dairy I'm going flying an
airplane Oh what was that dance move bro
holy cow
mr. fancy gamma says no flying sorry bro
alright so Logan's come to pick me up
right now we're gonna go flying guys
what mom don't be stupid okay okay I
won't mom we'd like to do crazy stuff
Donny the darts still here that's a good
sign I'll never give up J on the whole
the known as long as you are bro
I'll be here till the end of time ha ha
ha can I have a drink of water I'm
thirsty right
are there any Brian Ben dang it I was so
close
a few vowels in a consonant off right
nowyour Brian from now on so we're here
is flying Brian why am Brian you need to
change your name Ben then then he's
gonna fly us today and we're excited and
we're gonna have a good time okay sorry
for call you Brian
all right here we go Ben's trawling us
out by that I mean tax eNOS in England
you collect Rolly Oh smell that you
fight off your British pilot's license
anyway guess ready ready when you were
camping any last requests you have any
Metallica then we place Metallica
my hand deck without
you
wait say that you
come on currently quite an airplane one
of my life's goals is to get my pilot's
license
the Verizon
you're flying threatening that
like a club that was smooth flying Brian
nice looks like barely even touched all
right all right is a son of the got to
take off again head back up I'm excited
me
so supposedly that's che and Logan and
their friend I don't remember who took
them up there what is it I don't want
them to be flying everybody's jumping
jack that's crazy
well supposedly that Sam consumed crazy
okay we're gonna lay down on there in
the ground and see if they can see us
from up there we're a bunch of weirdos
you guys just look like a pile of people
I don't think he heard you guys he
circled around guys do you think he sees
this laying down here on the ground
probably like what the heck Ernest wait
so what did you guys think of your dad
flying I don't think he was actually the
pilot I think he was just flying with
his friends Mike Mike Mike himself is
that your pirate ship yeah okay you're
homeless people that play kids and we
like to play and be awesome
okay all right my little hobo children
okay I'll be honest I don't really like
the idea of che up there flying because
I mean he plays all the time when he
goes on trips and stuff but it's a small
plane it's just little and just like
grind roll what if it crashed I don't
know I shouldn't be worried because
that's one of Shane's life goals is to
get his pilot's license so I guess it's
cool hey would you just ask me what's
going on what just ask me why is
everybody commented on my pictures
that's what you get bro go in your room
yo guess we'll see
yeah you watch a TARDIS Plus go up
Shaytards go I change our log first and
then go curious
thanks for taking me flyin bro but
that's what you get bro you just give
out of the bathroom he's like why is
everybody saying that's what you get bro
on my Instagram good job guys nice what
did you do this for you did send me the
clip roll everybody tweet Lopez say that
you can't bro Rustin that's my bed I
might share just wait oh that's what you
get bro yeah I was like why am I getting
all these I swear I said it to you
though hey there's one thing that I did
after I turned the camera off
y'all have to go figure out what it is
dude good luck Logan where are ya oh all
right
looking your room dude what else did he
do I had freakin fix my bed my chairs
upside down it's a big mess he said
there's something hidden I don't know
what I'm looking for do you know no
you're a bad liar you're a terrible he
just told me now he was just teasing you
you know he didn't really do anything
else he really go ask him no no yes wait
what
I'm not lying he really he really did
I'm dead serious
what did he do he really did do anything
you just told he's just teasing you
okay so he didn't do anything yeah no no
okay so he didn't do anything
yeah okay good hey bye bye did you
really not do anything no oh did you
find it what am I looking for when you
find it you'll know
could tell because she said you didn't
do anything and when I say really she
laughs and like looks somewhere really
fast and I'm like wait because I told
her not to tell so that's her only way
that she can you know tell you that she
doesn't know but did you'll find it
might be like 3:00 in the morning but
you'll figure it out what that's what
you get bro really like this game I
don't my ruining one okay feel like a
loser no matter why you did something
your daughter's a good liar that's not
okay fun watching you sweat down what
you do dad should we tell them what we
did no no okay yours have to find
another you did Green Rock charts roast
beef sandwich oh you're eating princess
tarts roast beef sandwich this is that
man that's rock cards you can't be
Santa's going on these kids never eat
anything ow
so I'm just sitting here reading
comments from today's vlog and
apparently we have some chicken drama in
the comments I was thinking to myself
yeah like most reality shows they have
like scripted drama where people get in
fights and you know you can tell the
cameras cut at different times like
somebody will say something and then the
camera will cut somebody's reaction and
you just know you're like that wasn't
that person's real reaction to what that
person just said so they just kind of
like edit it so it seems like there's
drama a lot of times when people ask us
you know when are we gonna like make
Shaytards a reality show when we gonna
get on TV
I always think well we probably never
will because we don't have drama you
know like that fake drama like we just
you know happen if we mean klett ever
get in a fight which we rarely ever do
because we're the perfect couple I cut
that part out oh she's up come here babe
when's last time we fought Hey we're
getting some chicken drama in the
comments because people think the baby
tart is holding her chicken too
aggressively and I just went back and I
watched the footage and I'm just like
shut Oh
people salvias Weir's we are animal
abusers and you know all those chicken
to them that's part of learning and
growing is there any how to care for a
small animal and they're all still alive
and the thing is I've seen babies hard
hold the chicken she's not strangling it
she's like she's gripping it like this
but she's not squeezing it to death
bring your old chicky here yes
have you killed that chicken yet yep are
you soft with him yeah her I mean hey
people in the comments today of the
video that said that you're strangling
the chicken yeah you sure because a lot
of experts there's a lot of chicken
experts all through the comments that
say like look this girl she goes to
veterinarian school she says that you're
strangling the chicken tell her say hey
princess panda I'm not strangling the
chicken hey preacher as long as I know
I'm not straight it looks like too much
for you all you really are I'm not oh
boy that's a chicken drama cuz what will
she with holiness like this is how I
would pick it up maybe it's better to
hold it by its feast but I would hold it
like that and you guys gotta remember
they have a ton of feathers it is not as
big as it looks like it is a puppy
little beef here don't choose when it
doesn't look like you're squeezing it
but you're just holding it
pastor you little piece so we squeeze on
you too tight
laughter geez fingernails I was out
digging a ditch today for dad or a post
pull so we have happy chickens baby
chard you can defend yourself you tell
him to back off you hold your chicken
however you very cool oh I'll hold my
chicken however I want oh my god chicken
however I want dramatic saying if you
want to hold the chicken you go buy your
own chicken hold how you want it you
want your cheese you go buy one you
wouldn't use how you want yeah what do
you think about that
hey Rock darn is your chicken still
alive what do you know he'll see I want
guys listen for a second he's imagine if
you were in a swimming pool and some big
giant monsters came and got you and just
grabbed you we got to be soft but
alright so just be careful
Meagan I'm like man very scared how
would the chicken like
that's the best way to hold the chicken
look I'm holding my sis he's poaching on
my finger hey no chicken you have a dark
chicken today are they friends in this
better start chicken cheese oh yeah
dark chicken cheeto slab dark secret
collection so deep slaps my boobs but
yeah get your bony butt out of my camera
when shaking your tail feather dang it I
left the camera goes all I see so scary
she's a vampire try crying out hey
where's your frickin teeth man okay yeah
you do that's why I want you to pull it
out
maybe term is freaking out but I had to
sort hold her down and I hold it out
there hurt did it hurt I told you here
don't know use that rinse out itself
alright good night
are you gonna sleep with Grandma and
Grandpa okay he pees the bed and they
snore it's not to be the worst night's
sleep ever
dad I can hear you snoring through the
walls sure wasn't your mom no I don't I
heard a loud chainsaw going off in here
last night I think that was Laurie no it
wasn't good I went to go pee at like
2:00 in the morning I seriously thought
there's like a grizzly bear you know
you're like half asleep and you think
you hear something so all said you're
like where's that to the beer through
the walls I hear the roaring of the
snoring it was him alright goodnight
are you mad at me I told you it wouldn't
hurt let me see it hold still let me see
did it hurt
seeing I told you she was screaming
bloody murder because she did not want
us to pull on a bot or somebody ripping
a tooth out of your head and to make you
scream I'm not sure why but Dad will
hold their legs dad you helped suppose
you wouldn't kick me in the face dad was
hold their legs and I held her I held
her like head like this Bay and Prince
the stars hold their hands and I ripped
it out do you approve of this father
stuff no no it came out she's fine I
don't mind it coming out but I remember
as a kid having the satisfaction of
pulling it out myself you would do it
though she's too scared eventually come
out and then she would be excited that
like love ball my tooth came out well
sorry I stole that satisfaction hey are
you mad at me for pulling it out how mad
at me are you really mad really mad I'll
let you punch me five times in the arm
one gilko three four last 100 last one
has to be hard oh here's ugly that's
exciting but here's a baby
it's my are ugly room answer that yeah
alright hey would still show I'm
stealing her right out look how nice and
teeth you have you great to you leather
yellow my dealer not yellow or nice
you're nice my whoa why you giving me
crap then I'm sorry have a kiss sorry
oh hey good night thank you now you're
gonna have a cute little lip it's gonna
be a lift she's trying to start talking
really fun it's gonna be hey say the
snakes went down to the seashore
that snake soon at this Easter say silly
serpent Sidewinders she has it been
slacking not you you have your teeth
silly serpent Sidewinders silly serpents
why white boy
all I want for Christmas is my Cuban but
teeth by two foot number here let you
front teeth out loud for Christmas
inside you do yeah
all I want for Christmas is my two front
teeth I like that dance is that the two
front teeth yes but you you think you
look funny in the mirror thank you thank
you
Khmer let me see give me a big smile
it's not really big gross alright go to
bed
so shame
in the shade
