hi I'm login here look at that
trying to get to the watermelon so
pretty
come on I know you can do it we're gonna
have to let it go before we leave
that's a weird face cooler place good to
water well you like wireless or
delicious you even someone gave this to
us at playlist live it's so nice
we'll definitely have to get another
butterfly kit especially because we're
gonna have to leave for a week so we're
gonna have to open the theme search
let's go get out when we gone the Rings
are so pretty fair and beautiful
we're in Idaho just like that here we
are and this baby's getting giggly what
are you talk
alright bring you we're not not over yet
look bleep Drive we're trying to make
him laugh trav already there do it hello
where's waiting for daddy to get the
rental car and then we can drive to
Idaho I'm so excited to see everyone
hey wait laughing are you doing Andres
you better get a big one please we got a
truckload kids children I was gonna say
kids kids before children whatever okay
Nicky son go together
I can't make you Grandma and Grandpa
you guys remember doing this yeah I bet
you never both dawdled over on about
your kids like this oh yes we oh look
there you let it go let go let it go
he can't let go of this or let that
finger go
grandpa's sing and let it go check out
my dad's cover of let it go ha ha ha
don't check it out cause it's Breanna
Lee yeah you what movie does this
outfit remind you guys come on eighties
babies what babe the babe with the power
the power of you the power of you do the
babe with the power what's that song
there sing it for me
look at him smile David Bowie needs to
come and see what we made the baby pop
the power of and they're throwing the
baby around
remember all those little guys they're
like would be anything that movie Gavin
we got him along we have to do it is
from the movie I remember what movie
flabyrinth elaborate Lambert wind is
yeah uncle Logan do you see uncle okay
yeah I'm actually laughing at mom who
farted she that you it was not me at
school it was the little panda did it
Jackson el panda look blowing still for
me it's my money how many goals to be
scored one cat when you scored three
more okay four more
if I'm a good toy you do oh okay how
many goals of you squirt bro well I am
not playing well right okay that would
make sense yeah I'll pay you a hundred
dollars to run out on the field and
score a goal
still it from one of the little kids and
just kick it in and then take your shirt
off make a great video put your shirt
over your head and you have to run
around pinching your nipple saying all
the best in the world a hundred dollars
I don't think so five hundred dollars I
don't think I'd do it hold on I'll be
right back hey Loki bear hey bro I'm in
forever it's not your Washington
campfire soccer how many teenage girls
out there wish they could do this right
now
oh no no the beer all right there's
Cooper and Coach Carly coach Carly's
doing a great job we're all yelling at
her Carly do this Carly she check her
Twitter while she's on the field
coaching
all right Cooper's gonna score a goal
here we go any second now oh no oh no
come on Cooper gets a gun defense bro oh
nice dive
do that's aggressiveness I like to see
that kick it out good Carly screaming
yeah you told his hands to his side he
was like what his dad's honest it would
be score Oh
Cooper had a kid nice shot I missed it
I'm a horrible vlogger I just missed
another Cooper goal I'm a failure dude
two goals my mr. bolt nice job you're
awesome just throw in the goal coop coop
getting some sidelines coach ah Logan
now get it nice job nice hustle you say
you just throw it straight that's legal
right that raises talented as you are
it's just like it's like it's just right
there I want to play put me in coach hey
I've said it before I'll say it again I
believed it in every Little League game
they should allow one parent per side to
go in and play definitely how cool that
would be a dad or a really good mom
be fun drive it up drive it up drive it
up get in there let's go score the game
Skylanders dunk that Steve cook don't
die you see a boyfriend just dumped it
curly you just don't it's not my foot I
was like oh I scored on him four times
on the field no yeah I didn't get that
see you can we tell about the time
karlie scored on you four goals in a row
my pants
she shot four times football I was
behind us Logan don't stare that while
you're driving on trips you out that's
cool you can keep your backup camera on
I should drive I've always wanted to do
that I always want to see like right
behind me for some reason
looks like if you're pulling a trailer
that thinks yeah you can see yeah
somebody's like chasing you that's good
for that like when you run somebody over
you can see their body you can make sure
they're not moving when you're done you
can make sure the job's done
that's true good point Logan hold that
how come you're so beautiful
got be some monkey love I don't that
means hi we're in Idaho just heal
billion it up speaking of he'll billion
it up cut to the iPhone clip of me
jumping my old truck with Logan BAM let
me that cliff hey bro sense cuz I'm
gonna put in the video right now roll it
yeah guess what Logan didn't send me the
clip I've been texting him calling him
all day and he won't send us so guess
what Logan
guess what Logan what you get bro don't
you get bro you said you send me clip
you don't send me a clip what'd you get
bro I might I'll pick that
what'd you get bro what'd you get
did something slip okay that's what you
get bro everybody tweet logan and say
that's what you get bro for not sending
Shadid clip
no but seriously i'll be funny just
tweet him cuz who wonder just tweet him
that's what you get bro yeah chairs
turned over mattresses flipped over
maybe when your box springs us cracked
right there my knee I'm after pay for
that okay that's what you get bro back
to the vlog what'd you get
who said you can get a chicken let me
see it can I hold him yeah what's his
name oh he's named daddy
his name's daughter yeah let a Pearl Jam
song yeah why'd you name him daughter oh
that's why I guess why just what mom why
do you give me a chicken you never get
me a chicken
why'd you give your chickens my mom it's
the way do you guys all have one she's
not here yet she's coming yeah I caught
like three bucks so we should have
bought like a hundred of them then I
know girl let me see juicy story it was
quite that yeah okay I wish you had a
blog camera what's yours names for that
guy's Lucy she can she take it right
over what are we gonna do it all these
chickens mom don't know no no we're
gonna put her by the baby where's your
chicken
mommy has him but she did she's here to
my stairs Harry mouse Brock tard cute he
just told me his name daughter hey let
me see let me see
do you love him I your favorite chicken
I know don't strangle into death K
that's how you know you're in Idaho you
don't see that no like that's totally me
and my brother when we were kids we
would totally do that you grew up in
Idaho girl do you ride in the back of
trucks I did
but you can't do that anymore boy dude
check it out get that pull get in it get
in it and go swimming right now not like
you're swimming that do the backstroke
yes sir say I do not know it lady ma'am
do don't all talk to me I do not know
you such a child
do the Carly walk where your glasses all
right so we just went out and ate I
don't even know we've logged it for like
we just keep pulling the camera out of
random times
I think Monday vlogs are always gonna be
random because it's just like random
things that we did on the weekend
normally when I blog my favorite vlogs
are when I get up it's like okay we're
going to this Carol or do this and
there's like quick clips like throughout
the day but but some sometimes when I
edit these and it's like when was this
really what goes in which order well we
know we got this one here
he has a giddy little I bet it all right
so the good thing about me in Idaho is
the kids always go with Grandma deck
Wiggles grandmom like sure but a little
grandma grandma so we get a lot more
alone time which is all that matters to
us
Oh
tangelo um yeah okay yeah that's all I'm
to say now I guess I'll turn the camera
up and put in my pocket okay go to my
pocket you guys let's go come on get my
pocket Stanton
got to run away I've got to get away
from the pain that's driving through the
heart of me love we share go nowhere
something is amiss goodnight
good toss it turn I can't sleep at night
Saira
little baby well I run from you then
those things they love you giving
everything we're getting to where look
to the ball then that's not nearly oh
look there's other people so the people
I saw some other people over there crap
Syrian people let's go don't don't run
away I've got to oh no here comes
rock-hard all right you guys so tell me
the story of how you guys got chickens
today that's a star down here about it
alright so we're at a pet I didn't know
what it was but every neuron special or
not we went inside those Pittsburgh
actual moving car like you I'm Tom J and
everyone in the toys I like some real
toys or dog toys and he's like Oh Pizza
mountains are ceramics in my head I'm
annoying
since we're getting and then she's like
waves then should we walk past life in
the straddle and there was chickens and
everything and I looked inside and they
was one desi and she's like I'm like I'm
serious and she like you picked your
home but it has to be a girl and and I'm
freaked out and I was like wait we're
gonna want to share and she's like nope
you get it one for yourself and I got a
long mustache one time I said I wanted a
black one but you just got this one for
me but I sort of liked this one cuz you
feel free it's still fuzzy
alright so that's how they got chickens
today fins they're big bins and there's
a bunch of chickens in there and then up
there always the devil is like a
yellowish orange so I thought I'm like I
thought it would be the special one what
is it what is your name Rebecca that's
um
Piper rock toy where's your chicken I'll
bring them here I want to see him oh you
guys he's sleeping that's Rock charts
is this yours rock hard I can hear him
sundar let me see your chicken Rock
chart is rock doesn't get mad daddy
rocked hard when you get mad he's
sleeping
Rock turns out the black one did he pick
that one out yes he did he said I want
it different in all the other words why
did you got a brown one oh I like Joe
why do you think why'd you pick that one
you like a red beet am i right yeah I
think it was one of the fattest one it
was the one it was one of the fattest
ones the fattest ones why'd you pick the
fattest one you like big fluffy balls
they're yours
yeah why did you pick that one rock hard
why'd you pick that one don't shake him
you got to be careful with them
I feel bad for all carts chicken I feel
like it's not gonna last very long was
it
I'd saw me was just holding him and he's
heard shaking him he's like wake up
chicken wake up and he dropped it one
and it flew and it dropped argh
come here buddy hey you got to be so
careful with your chicken okay
why are you just you're holding it while
you punch in the bag in a felon I caught
it you caught it yeah I'm totally gonna
not you know kill your chickens no it
wasn't on my head it was on my head hey
it climbed up on my shoulder and then I
went behind my head on my ear under my
her head she like where's the chicken
rock guard where's your chicken out okay
is he doing is he doing abs while you do
the punching bag okay put him back in
his box that chickens
portugee can't balance on there put him
in his box
rock card are you being careful with
your tricking geez networks hey you have
to be so soft with anything that looks
like a blackboard it actually is a bird
it's a chicken what same thing drums do
you love him
that's so soft those nails are scratchy
but okay go put your chicken away all
right happy Easter everybody is your
chicken welcome hello welcome back to
our lives did you miss us over the
weekend hey I'm not gonna joke or lie
cuz I never joke or lie I miss you guys
on the weekend but I also enjoy the time
off like I just I miss the interaction I
don't miss the sitting at my computer
for six hours but I do miss like the
comments and you know it's crazy it on
the weekends I'm like oh man we feel
like I still have to upload a vlog what
if they forget about us it's crazy it's
this weird thing but I really do like
the new schedule hopefully you guys are
okay with it too
we're in Idaho it's fun we're just
chillin hanging out my grandma was here
yesterday at flora McGillicuddy I just
realized that any footage with my
grandma my grandma came down and we had
like a big Sunday dinner it was awesome
I check out yesterday's vlog which is
Monday no wait Friday today's Monday oh
my goodness click on that feeling like
am i dancing with a jedi's ago Idol 3 4
5 years ago today all right I love you
guys see you tomorrow okay we get some
good idea JH
