in three two all minjun's go so I just
had breakfast with the talented and
amazingly handsome David Archuleta dude
that's it that's it so crazy
here's a life lesson I'm sure you want
to hear another one in a girl's life
lessons don't you David Archuleta winner
of American Idol the kid can sing if you
don't know who David Archuleta is just
look him up on the Internet and a
million things will come up he just got
back from a two-year mission for the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day
Saints he was a missionary in Chile she
lay and I just got home he's been home
for two weeks and I just saw somehow
randomly on Facebook there was a video
said you know American Idol season
winner David Archuleta comes home from
his church mission and I was like oh
that's cool I'm like I don't know what
he's gonna do now you know cuz he had
all this press all this crazy stuff
happening and then he decided to go on a
mission he won American Idol and all
these opportunities pop up and instead
of like going down the route of like
signing with a record label and doing
all this stuff he serves a two-year
service mission what I'm like dude that
guy is awesome it means to sacrifice
what is obviously on his way to being
becoming a very lucrative musician he
decides to serve a mission I'm like I
like this guy I don't like this guy so I
saw that he came home and then I like
I'm like I wonder if he has a Twitter so
I go follow him on Twitter I see the
other night he posted some picture with
him and a banjo and I break comes to my
mind again I'm like what is he gonna do
me I was he and I'm just like gonna sign
with a big record label or like what is
his plans so I thought because in my
mind I'm like I don't want him to do
that not like I have I can agenda or I
care what he does but I'm just like he
could with YouTube and the way that
social media is now he can own all of
his own stuff like he can do whatever he
wants and have the freedom and
creativity of not having a label tell
you what to do and so I just randomly
tweet him I'm like I'm just gonna tell
him that I think he wants to hear my
advice because why not
lime shaycarl so I just decided to tweet
him that so I tweeted him a hey man I
can't read what I said welcome home
don't sign with a record label you
should start a YouTube channel so then
he tweets me back I was walking today I
was going to the gym and he's like hey
Shay well if I'm gonna do that I'm gonna
need your advice and I'm like Oh David
Archuleta just waited me because when I
was a radio DJ as right when he was
winning American Idol so in my mind
David Archuleta is huge because I was a
radio DJ American Idol was huge at the
time and it still is and so I'm like
dude this dude who just won one of the
biggest music shows in the world just
tweeted me I was like what anyways his
manager tweets me and she's like hey
let's meet for breakfast and we'll just
chat so I just had David Archuleta look
at my picture on Instagram that's proof
anyway it's cool-kid man that guy he's
gonna go far so we just talked it wasn't
like you know we signed you know I don't
care what he does but I just told him I
said man you can like own your own stuff
you can create your own stuff YouTube is
great for that so I don't what he's
gonna do but we just had breakfast he's
a cool guy and mostly we just talked
about like our missions we shared like
old mission stories and you know what
it's like being back I remember when I
came back I was afraid of girls cuz you
know when you're on your mission you
don't date you don't like touch girls
you're like you shake their hand so like
I told her I was like so what do you
even get married and start having kids
he's like I don't know you know is it
what's cool cool guy you should guys go
follow me so I start doing YouTube
videos hopefully I told him he needs to
i told me great of him and princess are
to maybe turn to sing a song together i
don't know anyways okay i'm headed home
right now to go see my wife and give her
kiss her on a big delicious lips thank
you doing in QT dan are you cooking
yourself some mac and cheese yeah no
where's your apron you have a little
apron that says something like i know i
got one right
oh that stuff over there is for a fun
thing I'm doing on my channels guys will
have to check it out I think it's going
up on the 23rd April so yeah I'm excited
I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited it's
messing change time okay we gotta get
the binary are you sitting back why
don't you sing this to stir is the
butter what it what did you tell me
earlier
why you're using that no why why did you
use this though because I'm stirrer know
who used it before in the movie what
movie did he use it on mr. Peabody
careful the pans hot remember in your
mind you like to do this all by yourself
don't mmm that's good
good job yeah just a little bit huh
don't my cheese but don't stir don't
stir when we have to stir so dick it's
all much to get right this one all you
want me to use this one okay all right
mr. chef are you ready don't stir
you want to start your cute oh I gotta
hold this I got all of this bitch back
dude do you know your cutest buttons do
all right action on the hot chick
walking down the stairs take one go mmm
okay you guys still mommy and the girls
are actually headed out right now to go
dude shoot it's a brand deal before I
can scan I say yeah when's that coming
up on the 23rd of April I think so mommy
tart not only does she do everything
around the house now she's making the
dollar dollar bills y'all
she got a brand deal with crocs shoes
and she's wearing Crocs right now
actually like I just always think of
Crocs is like lame shoes that nerds wore
are pretty cool and like just are these
yours these are your Crocs dude that's
awesome
all right son tard got some they sent us
a bunch of them that's awesome okay jump
on ready come on 1 2 3 jump oh yeah you
guys we're going to the beach so me and
the boys are going to the beach we're
gonna go swimming
what I didn't go to the beach ken's
untuck concentred come okay look looks
like you got invited Jan mi5 Brother
high five brothers don't hug wait switch
it brothers don't high-five brothers hug
well while mom's out doing her shoot I
thought we might as well just take a
stroll on down to the beautiful Pacific
Coast and dip our feet in that beautiful
sand
oh I predict needle hyperemic needle
what are you playing dude you got your
jet
I can build sand-cast do you wanna build
a sandcastle so I can throw some sand in
your I come out of your stupid room you
frozen girl I'll kick you in the thigh
and then a shark will bite you if you
don't come out and play I like building
sandcastle seagull chaser getting all
the seagulls seagulls everywhere get
them dude
don't give up you'll catch one chasing
that one that couple right there smoking
a joint
I'm tired don't smoking in there drugs
okay get that seagull though all right
we built ourself an aircraft carrier
there's only one f-16 in our fleet
that's ready to take off any time just
give us the word general take the jet
off yeah
okay ready here we go in three two all
minjun's go all right you gonna get out
you done you like it tell him what you
said you look like he said I look like a
mermaid are you a mermaid yeah you're
the prettiest mermaid on the beach say
but daddy I love him
I don't want to be a mermaid
I don't want being the leg think of a
bob I've got 20 okay but who cares
yes no big deal uh one more yeah that's
Ariel huh you got it you got might as
much
you know all right you ready to finish
this game
okay what's the score two to one
sometimes beat me in soccer yeah water
bottles and sandals set up on his goals
and we're playing soccer I beat him the
first game ten to eight what was the
first score ten to eight regardless I
won but he's out right now so I got to
go dominate okay guys and see you later
all right son card lost he has to do the
loser swim the loser had to go get in
the ocean and it is not warm today the
Sun is out kind of but it's kind of
brisk out here it's still beautiful
though all right so we're finished on
the beach we're gonna go home get mommy
tarde in the girls and I think we're
gonna meet Casey Casey was in Idaho he's
just getting back in town tonight and
it's gages birthday hey yes today
national siblings day that today I think
it's today dude I think gages birthdays
today maybe we should we'll get him
something yeah what should we give him
what he wants I don't want to get him a
lame soccer ball nobody likes lame
soccer balls that's for sure all right
we're gonna present for gage and then
we're gonna go out to dinner with the
whole family I love it all right you
have a good time at the beach yeah that
awesome all right get in your truck
climb up in your seat
surfer dude these cute little iron men
swimming suit get in there
got the surfboard the boogie board in
the back soccer ball load up boys got
your honey made Angry Bird crackers
excellent gonna get the green ball that
for you or gage we're getting one for
gage it's his birthday you like that one
no which one you think we should get
that one or that one rock card hey let's
get him a goal - what if we get in one
of these got pop-up gold then you can
like actually kick it in the goal yeah
you ring it up for gage okay first
birthday I need you kick it in this
soccer ball and a goal you like that
green one better the rock card talked
you into it or look
you're a good negotiator with this yeah
FIFA World Cup that's the best so what I
have anything else should get them some
cleats or something soccer ball we don't
know his size though
Oh what about some dude get him some
wristbands he'll think those are cool
some wristbands yeah where you at no
hula hoops how'd she get this for me why
should you get that for you not getting
you presents it's not your birthday
we're only get engaged presents why
can't he have pink bro what Pink's not
cool why are you what there's guys out
there that are into big rock go put the
pink hula-hoop back we got to go come on
just get engage a present we bought you
Legos yesterday you're not getting it
hey I'm serious go put it back no you're
not getting it I know it's a very sad
day tragedy hurry go put it back let's
go Oh Rock cart actually does this
really cute thing whenever he asked to
get something I tell him no he goes oh
he acts like he's like throwing a
tantrum but he doesn't throw a tantrum
he just pretends that he's throwing a
tantrum
that's the throw your tantrum like oh
I'm so mad all right here put it back
good music oh nice move dude maybe we
should buy that for you that was good
one more time
Bow Wow okay get that to me I'm putting
it away all right come on let's go we're
out of here oh okay so that was a big
day I actually filmed a video for my
channel and I used this camera so I
didn't get very much Shaytards footage
I'm sorry guys I my camera is about to
die did you guys have fun with me yeah
we had a girls day at fundu and it was
for a brand deal on my channel so you
guys will have to wait for that I think
it's coming out April 23rd is the the
tentative date so I'll let you know now
it's time to go home and see what the
boys are up to
all right retards assemble what do you
mean oh hold on let me just get a zoom
real quick inappropriate rock to her
what do you thinking bro come on - way
hotter than that when your lingerie and
your lingerie this she wears her
lingerie shame no enough clothes will
get your kid can't you track your pretty
kid little shopping he'll meet us you
know
come on dude we're meeting the other
Butler's for dinner got gauges present
all right birthday present I'm excited
to see his reaction let's go
gage is gonna come as in a sit-down
honesty and the president is right there
waiting for him any kids there you see
me like what this is this minds
immediately yeah it's for you he's like
oh wait thanks yeah you're the best
cousin hey brain brain how's it going
how's your life I like those earrings
would you get your ears pierced
hey gage what's going on dude we have a
seat for you already picked out okay
there's your C right there that's your
seat bro guess what's in the bag open it
up do this for you it's for your
birthday what do you think big buddy
yeah I was son tards idea give him a big
kiss on the lips do you see the
wristband there's wristbands to show
Mira Spence you like it thank you
look at my camera and say thank you guys
okay they painted one his talk about
really bad and I've kind of held his
turn he said centaur got me a soccer
ball when a soccer ball like a month ago
he's got one flat they always put us in
this family room which I really like
it's like this nice basically you Pro
creators yeah Haley can't you keep you
what are we missing
where are they thank you soak this up on
the onions you have to leave it for a
couple hours for the soup of whoop-ass
Alexis so they all come on I just
noticed - did you have them in the water
minutes old that's so exciting
welcome to the world butterfly we're
very proud of you oh you came out of
your larva your cocoon coming out to
build the body
a butterfly body rotors are very happy
for them I am excited for the arrival of
the butterflies they are my friends and
I will pet them I love them you guys
know that their names are Bob and Jenny
sue
I knew them who I came here and Olivia
come on Omar there what are you saying
hey okay you excited for the butterflies
huh me oh yeah yeah yeah I said I am I
ever think about something else sorry
dad
can you make some sugar water for it
well I was so grateful right now why
they drink sugar water is so cool what a
cool life process all right brush your
teeth get in bed see you tomorrow
cutie face and it's Friday again so
today's a big day for us we are trying
to get this house cleaned bags packed
and on a flight back to Idaho by 6:00
p.m. I got to get this vlog up help
collect with the kids get all the
suitcases packed so next week when you
guys come to hang out with us Monday
morning we're gonna be with my parents
and my sister and my brother I know if
logs are fun we're gonna do some fun
stuff we're going for spring break the
kids are off of school for a week so we
figure wait I'll head on down to our
kinfolk down the mountains of Idaho
shoots Goods right some trucks yeah I'll
grill up some bridge whiskey wait no no
we're not alcoholics
we'd like to eat meat though steaks well
sparingly this is weird all right love
you check out yesterday's vlog click on
that feelin lucky button and see what
the Shaytards are doing one two three
four and five years ago hey I'm trying
to hook you guys up with long vlogs huh
I got pretty good right 20 minute vlogs
five days in a row I know that we're off
the weekends but you know it's good I
think it's a good compromise I love you
guys
if you are sad there are plenty of
Chatard moments to view over 1900 of
them okay
that marks 20 minutes love you guys see
you on Monday
