hi login here is he doing it dang it
the funny thing about little babies is
the discovery of the simplest of things
like your hand it literally was just
doing that and you know how I hate to
use the term literally but he literally
was just looking at his hand going this
oh then it goes it goes this way does
that often no tuneable this me like
you're trying to figure it out
so impressed yeah you have two of those
hands can you believe it they do
whatever you ask them to they do they'll
come in very handy when you want to hold
pretty girls hands and punch dudes yes
they will and you give thumbs up like
when you want a thumbs up this video
yeah they do amazing things we created
another perfectly human-like enjoy it
little blue eyes I know you do that your
army blue eyed baby I guess you win the
blue eyed lottery oh cool
we like blue-eyed babies we can eat
sodas Hitler yeah I don't know exactly
what I was talking about there maybe it
was racist I'm not sure but okay so we
have to go do some matings I've to go to
maker studios to pick up some stuff I
guess there's some packages for us there
and we have some other chores we have to
attend to
we did to you let me do it just once
when's the last time you flower on you
you don't love your babies slobbery come
here let me do it on time ready
paralysing baba baba you gotta relax you
have to do it for ten seconds without
smiling that's the goal can't do it so
hard it's not funny if you don't do it
heard okay ready I'll do it soft you
have to relax your face I get new it
buttermilk biscuits buttermilk biscuits
but it's a sad sad but say it buttermilk
biscuits there you go relax the face I'm
gonna come out charity Yeah right
buttermilk please good let me show you
how it's done
it is ready relax your face don't be too
cool for school you can do this at home
I don't care if you're in your classroom
if you're under your bed if you're under
your covers if you're sit at your
computer if you're driving in the car
you do this with me right now
well some people like to watch these
videos under their bed where's ready
relax your face don't lap do it if you
don't do it then you're one of those
people it's like oh I'm too good for
that I'm too cool for that I'm not gonna
do that Shay don't be one of those
people ready relax your face buttermilk
biscuits
are you doing it you win I hope your
parents walked in right as you were
doing that leads me to believe I've
never made buttermilk biscuits you get
in the kitchen and make me some
buttermilk biscuits but I love another
baby okay we're at maker studios come
here I want you to go and what I want
you to walk in there and they get to
work I can say get to work they get to
work
you failed you're supposed to yell at
him get to work and anything about okay
so we're just at maker studios and
rock-hard just likes this big yellow
ball he's been doing this for a couple
minutes now and I watch how you think it
might be dangerous
I can get hurt you didn't Woody doll he
did he took the hat off and he put it on
his spider-man leg oh man it looks
better on spider-man anyway hey you guys
this is Nick you might need a lot I'm
different in a blog Oh Mayo how Levi if
you don't eat it so Nick is my brand
manager he's in charge of bringing all
the brand deals in so brand name so he
has there's this company called
naturebox
sorry I dress fighters yeah yeah that's
good there's this brand called naturebox
want to do a deal with us you guys
should we do a deal with these with
naturebox what do you guys think should
we should we try to wait Nick I don't
know I'm just see what they say yeah
looks good let me open it yeah so
explain what this is Nick this is like a
healthy snack food yes healthy snacks um
they have all different size boxes watch
our look at these treats oh look at that
those are healthy delicious snacks in a
box
who doesn't like delicious healthy
snacks in a box so what's the URL the
URL here's a URL you guys could get a
discount let's just do this right now we
just do a brand new right now if I'm
gonna take
they don't taste good I'm being co-opted
or I'm being pushed to the wayside
come on try it residual Jimmy and I were
very high napple wait why I'm in my
childhood dude I could hold that really
yeah very good my dad used to get this
kind of effect all the time limit so
good holy crap smell that I wanna smell
out
oh you mean kind of marker course wait
I'm Kyle you ready
these are pineapples look weird I know
look at that
I like it yep but in the back nice for
it help me out I'm sorry baby
URL weather chaton on backslash shakers
you guys hear that nature box.com /hr
look bro chard likes a pineapple really
good actually
okay so basically what it really helped
me out here though no you happy like
yeah yeah I got here baby
I just need all this for you you know
what else we got here make sure it's not
poisoned South Pacific plantain to open
that one up that looks delicious you
open those up Valley what do you got
there Figgy bars apple pie oh those are
my favorite me one of those apple pie
oat clusters stain girl oh dude I
remember growing up having those Rock
charts don't have one of these buddy
there's like a candy bar huh I'll buy
that good oh we got come on snacks
provided by nature box oh wait its
nature box.com /j charge yes nature box
contacts like I think we'll do this
brand deal Nick we do this Randall baby
judges that all these are almost gone
already
hi
do we have to do the dealing we open all
this stuff piyo clothes for guys fire oh
my god that's how yummy I mean any other
so it says our mission a nature box we
believe snacking can be part of a
well-balanced lifestyle of course it can
which is why I would deliver a world of
carefully source and nutritional
approved foods right to your door so
basically they're like healthy snacks
that come to your door and they're like
all different kinds and I think there's
like a bunch of different sizes you can
order dude I'll do this brand deal we're
doing a brand deal with that first order
nature box comback slash Shaytards have
a 50% off their first order
dude Nick hooking you guys up but
Nicholas Nick and I really special
though so should we get free nature bar
you double fisted early I don't know
about the max yet I need to try out one
form yeah so we got South Pacific
plantains we got honey dijon pretzels
we got apple pie oat clusters Sorachi
roasted cashews bonus pack bonus pack
open those babies up JJ ollie on them
are they spicy and dude these are
actually really good whole wheat
blueberry stick bars these are tasty
is it healthy if you eat the entire box
in one sitting oh no it's encouraged I
don't spicy I want to see it the way I
see they're yummy right good that good
yeah I had one oh good there's sriracha
sriracha spicy right deep I would like
no I like the pineapple though dude
cashews
okay so what's mozilla go to nature
box.com
slash Shaytards you have 50% off they'll
send you a box this delicious-looking
box right to your doorstep with
delicious healthy snacks seymour say
you're gonna tell them we'll do the
brand ale dick oh look carbon so sweet
karma thanks for helping our trial while
we ignore him
I want them what we're doing a brandy a
hunch your mouth will pay for your
college education Carmen in the meantime
doesn't get some a glass of water here
on character universe inheritance I have
a delinquent father all right you guys
check it out that's awesome these are
seriously good I wouldn't lie to you
apple pie oak clusters I think of my
favorite that were the pineapples the
pineapple in my favorite in the
pineapples definitely the pineapples
like right on you open it it's like you
still Carmen where's the finer why did
you endure why did you open it it smells
like fresh pineapple I guess you deserve
a pineapple you gave our trial up some
water
all right check it out links below you
guys all right now we're gonna pick up
them kids from escuela is he more
favorite them kids from high school a
know you cause one of our kids right now
hey look at you you're the queen of the
zoo katraine hi Flavio
okay so how was school children you had
a good day excellent I just got off the
phone with uh should I say no no hi
ah
nevermind you gotta wait just wait for
like five minutes no I want to tell them
everything right now I just got off the
phone with somebody really cool somebody
I was like holy crap that's pretty cool
that I'm talking to this person I think
it's cool
and I'm gonna meet with them tomorrow
and I'll ask him then if I if they if I
can tell if it's cool yeah that's cool
okay go home she ruins all my haha
but hurry up buttermilk biscuits whoa
it has been a crazy day oh my goodness
get a bunch of errands to run and then
we went picked up the kids from school
and of course I forgot that I told
Kaylee I would pick up her kids and help
her out because she helps me out so much
so this one time she asked me to pick up
her kids and I forget oh and the
horriblest person but luckily Bradley
remembered my phone number so she could
call me oh I'm getting a phone call now
here's a segment of cool dudes driving
trucks kids cruising down the highway
looking really awesome torn up the peace
sign with an awesome beard hey that's my
kid filming me look at awesome there's
my heart wide
we're whoo peace saw pop the fish yeah
now look my fisken flies cruises through
the air I look so cool what he said it's
too windy we care yeah okay we'll see
later yeah stop to the stoplight vlog
stop at a stoplight like that's hard as
I can
oh well well well who it is if it isn't
the star of the good money were you on
the Today Show hey we don't shot us on
The Today Show I was pretty excited
there's like freaking rich and famous
well if you
know how to make a string e string I
know I did daddy brought some tacos for
his little birdies come and eat your
tacos or I'll kick you in the gnar DS I
got to talk to rich come on in everybody
oh I didn't get tacos for you I didn't
know you were here I know you were here
this is awkward so awkward sorry you
have to starve here listen I ate some
worms earlier I'm gonna vomit him into
your mouth okay
seriously they're delicious open your
mouth yeah yeah yeah ah
hey okay you guys hey listen listen up
listen to scooch in me um
I we uh you know I'm saying and that's
just what I wanted to say to you guys
okay let's go eat some tacos
no I'm joshing yeah book club I am still
listening to the book if you guys
downloaded the book if you don't know
what the book club is basically we all
not all of us some of us I'm are you
leaving were you going on your own bar
there project why are you such a
do-gooder psycho I just wanted to go
serve people hope people za and then I
gotta go run some big company your
cancer and figure out world peace by God
okay love you bye you're not gonna eat
your nachos now I guess those kids can
chairman
hey Braley gage you guys smell some
these nachos anyways we're gonna do the
book club I was gonna do it this week
Rauf and Ron we're gonna set up like
back in the studio just like we used to
do but it got pushed because it was
last-minute
and they were gonna do it next Tuesday
but we're gonna be an Idaho next Tuesday
so the the podcast is gonna be back in
like two weeks you guys I'm on Chapter
five right now we downloaded the power
of habit
we're learning about a man named Eugene
who basically is the character in 50
first dates you guys remember Drew
Barrymore's character where every
morning she forgot and they had to
reteach her like hi I'm your brother hi
I'm your dad
there's a guy in psychological study
history that actually had that happen to
him where like he totally would forget
everything like right after you would
tell it to him hi Eugene my name is Shea
I'm your son he'd be like he like nice
to meet you oh and then like five
minutes later he had
yet so we're learning about how even if
your memory is gone you can still make
habits it's crazy if you're not part of
book club
check it out whatever okay but actually
you guys know that we are doing it and I
am still listening to the book it's very
interesting we will talk about it okay
now it's important to have some nachos
hi do you want some nachos
why do you want nachos you do good for
my nachos you and your pregnant mom come
over here and you don't eat any of our
nachos oh you're not oh that's
embarrassing so embarrassing okay I love
you guys
are you leaving yeah you leaving Oh Bray
Bray are you sad you said we haven't
really had the kids in the vlog a lot
today I haven't really seen the kids all
day do you guys monitor that you're like
there wasn't enough kid footage today
hey we haven't went have another kid
footage oh can you do something funny
and cute spunky come on what did the
wave say that's it what nothing I just
waved ha ha ha brothers always joked
taylor swift joe jesus total on the sec
video
she said that joke on a video what is
the way what is the ocean state of the
sand nothing it just waved I think
that's how you're supposed to say it
yeah just wait so Taylor stuff should
just really probably stick to music and
break up love songs instead of jokes I'm
not I'm just saying maybe she's not
funny I pretend tea party with these I
go to the bathroom I'm side no lunch in
her bathroom where's your brothers and
sisters brothers and sisters get up here
it's time to go to bed mommy's at Scouts
it's 8:30 and I'm gonna start getting
into bed because mark my words if I have
all the kids in bed when Mommy tarde
walks in the door oh I'm gonna get some
daddy points big time daddy points and
it's bad on those nights when it just
like skips my mind and she's gone and
all sudden she comes home and it's like
10:15 and the kids are still just doing
whatever they want and I'm like oh I
should have got them in bed that's my
bad get up they're good buddies done
loosely
and his baby tried really sleeping her
she's just joking no she's really steep
ankles lupus here I'll carry it upstairs
he ain't carry upstairs why your ankle
ready come on Harry Vogue
what'd you do to put a kid to bed is
these like you to backpack straps huh
here we go time to go to bed huh okay
can you sit up
how's the room look ladies hey this
looks better brush teeth come on come on
you were joking you weren't really
asleep were you busted come on
wesh2 let's go okay listen you guys
proper dental hygiene is very important
if you don't brush your teeth your teeth
will eventually fall out no well then
they'll fall out
wash my hair knock it off sad monster
practicing proper dental hygiene now
we'll set you up for a lifetime of good
habits of keeping your teeth clean so
brush them now and then for the rest of
your life it'll be a habit and you'll
just always do it they'll have clean
teeth presentable clean teeth because
everybody likes a white smile
toothbrush cam toothbrush cam getting up
in that toothbrush cam 3 for cam to push
can look see up your nose
so I just picked your nose there's a bar
right it's a booger on my hand
so you better wash your mouth out I just
ate your own booger yeah your own
boogers are your name Humber's I got
it's up there it's up there oh is that
your own butt can't believe you eat your
boogers yeah believe that you eat your
own boogers get over here
you're gonna be a booger reader before
you know it what you want eat your own
boogers hey come here
he doesn't even fight it ready 1 2 3
ready 1 2 the why do it again already no
get in bed get and bad I want your mom
to be happy with me when she gets home
go to sleep I do the dishes
No Oh what are you doing washing your
hands why washing your hands so you too
bro
do you want to eat your own boogers no
that's what we're doing tonight before
bed oh you just got water on the camera
wait what are you doing baby turn after
we're supposed to bring something in a
bag wine for what small shells white
what did why you need small shells
cuz it's for myself the week and I meet
them but what's the purpose you're a
star student of the week while you're in
shells
cuz it's part of the star 3 why the
what's the purpose of bringing some you
don't ask questions you use duel your
teacher tells you what if she told you
there are a thousand dollars to school
would you do it with non what is it for
though really very school I don't know
why what are they
with little shells in the bag when you
get to school they have to guess how
many is in it and I have to circle their
answer on the smartboard oh it's alright
so you have to count so you know how
many is in there say that why you say
yes I'm done especially what like I'd
say a tradition why I'm your parents
that's different if I tell you to do
something you don't ask questions you
just do it got it yeah
when I made you I can tell you what to
do your might you work for me boy you
work for me around here watches so maybe
start how many gonna put in there you
should always ask questions always ask
questions even if it's us Hey honestly
though I want to say something honestly
when I was a kid I always felt that way
too
it's like mom and dad always told me to
do something but I'm gonna be like why
if you want to know why I'll explain it
to you the point is you're still going
to do what I asked you to do if you want
an explanation I'll give you an
explanation I'll tell you the reason why
but there's no like well I don't like
that reason if I tell you to do
something and you want an explanation
I'll give you the explanation but then
you're gonna freak and do what I told
you to do you got it okay you have any
questions about why I tell you to do
what you wanted whether you're supposed
to do that's a dumb question nice shirt
though bro nice shirt
no I really do when I was a kid I
remember that it's like mom and dad
would like because I said so I mean like
why can't just give me a reason and I
think more than anything was like I just
wanted to like justify my way out of
doing what they asked me to do but I
said that I remember that as a kid in my
mind I said when I grow up and I have
kids I'm gonna give them a reason if
they want a reason why I told them to do
whatever I'm gonna tell them to do
because I know I want to tell them to do
a lot of things in their life I will
give them a reason if they want to know
I'll sit down and I'll say here's the
logic here's why I want you to do so and
so it's because of this I want you to be
safe I want you to be healthier I want
you to be smart or successful whatever
it is I want you to brush your teeth so
you have clean teeth so your teeth don't
fall out you have to pay dental bills
I'll give you a reason nobody's lasted
me are you listening baby's heart how
many noodles do you have so far 43 me
are they gonna get them out and count
them afterwards doesn't say you just put
a handful in there just make up a number
like 72 nobody's going to second-guess
you because they're all gonna believe
that you know the right answer but if
they get them out and count them then
you'll be accountable get it so you make
sure how many going to put in there if
you have a predetermined number in your
head hundred you should do 99 because a
lot of people will write against 100 so
you did 99 if somebody gets one less
than 100 they would win what do you
think about that idea you like that idea
am i interrupting your counting process
what do you at right now
56 okay yes ma'am no problem what where
is it
where oh you kiss the light don't do
that Oh get in trouble okay
alright goodnight love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow what are you doing your
little baby you're not a little baby cuz
you look like a little cute baby oh
you're good baby boy okay oh when are we
gonna get this house clean so bad it's
really TV off okay I gotta turn the
camera off and beat some children I'll
see you guys tomorrow
turn off yeah
I'm just kidding you guys I don't beat
my kids you know like too hard ah jokes
big thanks to naturebox today for the
healthy snacks
I think Ally ate every single one of my
honey dijon pretzels I'm gonna get her I
need some more of those they were
delicious so guys remember if you guys
want to sign up for naturebox and get
50% off your first order go to
naturebox.com/tyler see it very first
link in the description they're really
good you guys go check them out
delicious healthy snacks in a box right
to your front door check out yesterday's
we all click on a feelin lucky button
and click on my corresponding children
to see what we were doing every single
day for the last five years it's almost
Friday
we're flying to Idaho tomorrow
excited we're going to Idaho for spring
break gonna hang out with my mom and my
dad and my brother and my sister and
that's gonna be so cool you all get here
for her to be good see you tomorrow
