do you think I'm a delinquent father yes
yep don't answer that question young man
oh sorry I thought you're used to it all
right loadout Shaytards let's go time to
go to a shoot time you go do a video
shoot yes
you drink water video shoot yes lots of
vomit wait come here you can't have that
Turner what's on your wrist go get that
off can't hold that on there yeah get
that off all right you guys ready the
vending machine hi here we go so I think
we're shooting a maker rebrand shoot
today but check out who's here
GG n parking that means snoop dazzles in
the house Snoop Dogg is that that's what
it stands for
Gavin goes nuts with Snoop Dogg maybe we
can get a Snoop Dogg to be in our vlog
today I doubt it
he's usually very busy he's a very busy
gentleman I want to get a shot of a
Snoop Dogg holding bro card you didn't
kid hold him
maybe it's smoke you right up it smoke
your own up retard
yes he would just be like barfing
bubbles watch our what do you see
was that whoa uh you guys we don't we
don't want to see Snoop Dogg we want to
see Steve come right here hey K hey
Miley anybody see that get bad wrecking
ball who did not how many views they
have on her a hundred and ten million my
dream in like 15 I think 15 million 15
you have to take one of them down yeah
calling maybe taking to hit three then
how to be taken down
it's sore so 45 Technic yeah technically
Adam of a hundred how many hundred
hundred eight hundred million views on
Miley Cyrus regular guy just see avenge
a hundred see yep that's him that's a
pink
along there salty what let's say I work
out I work out we look great man you
look great
Steve's here to shoot the makeup Studios
re reshoot he loves all that room he
lifts all the time I actually seen him
lifting point oh he's lifting right now
he's flexing his pecs
hey are you doing I like your hat can
you want away from gummy bears now I
promise rock dad
deals our shark boot today yeah how's
the sweet face I got fresh boot right
I'm so sweaty we go to Target get some
gummi bears all right princess tart I
miss it princess tears just Yelp uh
Trish you went running she she doesn't
have a beard now
yeah which is how to character but yeah
shake it better with that no a real true
fashionista would have naired her beard
oh yes a true true and I've got
sponsored to do right got a brand deal
we should do that yeah that'll be our
next video we're getting there to
sponsor us sees me doing a facial she
loved that video she just told me the
other night like yeah I want to do more
shoots like when I was on the patrique
video well I told you about the one idea
I have where I as a child marry a time
capsule and then as an adult go and dig
it up and that causes a time warp and
then we're put into the same world
together what do you think about that
sure you can make the trick you like
that idea and we do what any two people
would do when they get stuck together
through a time when I go shopping
shopping we had to go and declares the
other day just because of your little
script patrique
every time we go like flares now it's
her favorite store hey babe is this a
cool shirt I don't understand fashion
these days is a shirt with pigeons on it
are those pigeons I feel like those are
just pigeons you would see like in New
York like on the road if it didn't have
pigeons on it I would like it for you
but and I'm into new things but the
pigeons I'm a little bit like I kind of
like it that's for crazy thing you don't
like it well guys can't wear pigeons on
their shirt like as a kid growing up I
would be like that's definitely like an
old man shirt that's like
really different that's like well
Macklemore has started he started this
leaf shop craze people want to wear it
world stuff can I wear a shirt with
pigeons on it I kind of like it right
does that is that have you guys seen
this I mean we are at Target so it's not
like it's you know super high fashion or
anything but pigeons there's just a lot
of weird stuff like that these days
right
no I'm saying kids now like look at this
like this is supposed to be like a cool
shirt to me that's like what an old
retired guy would wear
I don't know fashion what's cool I just
want to be cool guys am i cool our bitch
in school Wow Wow
okay we got to find your mom who can
find your mom busted good for the baby
weight a gall darn minute what is this
is this but can we like plant
watermelons no in food to help your
that's false advertising that makes me
think that I can take this put in the
ground and get that I don't want to read
I'm looking at pictures that's how I
communicate I look at images that is an
image of a delicious tasty succulent
watermelon and what I am a to assume is
this is a bag of delicious watermelon
seed if I put in the ground put water on
I will then the next day have delicious
like uhland juicy watermelon that's
false advertising but I really did think
that for a minute I realized it I was
like wait wait and then I realized it
wasn't so you're beautiful I can't help
but look at you okay Legos you guys have
enough toys hey okay I listen if your
guys's rooms we're totally spotless if
we were to go home and there would be no
toys on the floor I might buy you some
more toys but you don't even
you don't take care of the toys you have
why would I buy you more I don't want to
hear it if dad can't have watermelon
seeds and you can't have hey baby turn
who's that
here trick that plane the way he wanted
you think that's the guy Willy Wonka and
the Chocolate Factory is that Grandpa
Joe that looks like Grandpa Joe Joe no
that's Albert Einstein Einstein what
were you thinking that was a hilarious
reaction it's like Oh Albert Einstein
duh you knew that you know whoever
Einstein is no well he was not near as
beautiful as your mom he was she saw
Albert Einstein cuz oh that's the guy in
Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory
yep wait or it could be the guy from
master the secret okay I'm watching are
you gonna get those always a feeding Tom
you feeding the baby and the dog at the
same time did you drop some zigs got it
a little snack hey hey whose table mom
turns on the phone hey oh she's on the
phone with her mom hey hey quit staring
at the dog food you got better food than
that yes you do
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I
just want to say what a wonderfully
woman you are not only do you take care
of a household of five children which
includes getting them ready for school
doing the dishes everybody knows I don't
do crap around here you do everything um
but she also serves her local Scout
troop you guys she's like all week like
look in the backyard check this out what
is this what are you making back there
dreg project those're to hold the
plastic egg so we're going to use
furnace Reiki egg carton spray painted
green bye mommy turn the amazing wife
woman and Scout leader so not only does
she take care of a family of five kids
and one helpless husband she also serves
as a local Scout leader amazing come
vlog me make this baby laugh now that's
what I do best
hey captain cutie you're gonna laugh
he's gonna let I'm gonna get up I'm
gonna get I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna
gonna give I'm gonna get I'm gonna get
I'm gonna get him get him get him get
him get it yeah yeah yeah get him get
him get him get him
yeah get him give you two gettin ya come
on you understand me man you're gonna
smell a baby I'm gonna give ya I'm gonna
give you I'm only getting it again and
get him get him get him
I love you go ahead come mix up that dog
food son tard he's a good boy hey you
can do it a smile you smile your brother
to rule nope you're not as cute his
daddy is Zeke look he's waiting he's
like you done with that boy mix that
food up I'm hungry
the boy thank you fell asleep I think
you did
look at those lips aren't they beautiful
so he's been screaming the entire way in
the car we're headed to Scouts and we're
doing a cooking activity tonight so look
at what I brought
hi dude I want to show them what we
brought today he brought too much check
it out ebrill I've got sit no we're fine
sit yeah six rolling pins are in there
and we're making well you're not making
them we're making cinnamon I have some
mmm
probably not so each boys making their
own so if you were here you make your
own me but I'll have the recipe so we'll
have to make them some night could you
make one for me maybe I can do that I'll
think about it I'll think about it and I
just realized my battery's blinking red
so I may not get to show you the rest of
the activity but I will try okay these
are what they look like oh my goodness
they look so good they're tiny and cute
and metal and I want this recipe it's
really easy and I've never made them
before I know something new
yo yo yo yo so here's the situation
Colette is it Scout she took princess
tarde to young women some in action
learning how to become a better person
some crap like that hustlin hearts at
Scouts I'm here with I don't know even
who's here whose hair no I am a well
aware of my children I think baby tard
and rock turner down there watching
movie anyways oh man no I feel a little
bit like I have been neglecting them I
can hear them though that's the parents
key if you can hear the kids they're
fine if it's silent for too long you
know you got to go check on something
but I hear them talking and playing and
as long as I hear that little white
noise of children talk in the background
I know everything's okay plus I just
wouldn't put a movie in there I'm a good
parent I'm not trying to justify myself
to you anyways so for the last two maybe
two and a half hours I've been sitting
here learning about you guys meeting you
seeing what you do in your life yes you
I wouldn't saw your website I wouldn't
watch your video I listen to your music
I saw your paintings so if you guys
follow me on Twitter you know that last
night I tweeted because I actually do
have something that's coming up and I
think I have already chosen the person
that I'm going to select so if you go
back and you read the tweets you like
hey shape
me um it's probably too late yeah it's
too late I I definitely want to use this
person so what I tweeted a little bit
earlier basically is that I feel like my
dreams has been fulfilled the cell of
maker studios me you know having 2
million subscribers let a lot like I can
film my life every day and get paid to
do it that alone is a dream come true
but you know we sold our company to
Disney and it's just like I want to help
other people now I want to find people
that are talented and that need a little
need a little shout out a little nudge a
little something and so I want to find
those people because I like over the
last five years that we've been doing
this I have met and interacted with and
worked with a lot of you that are so
talented it just makes me feel guilty
for being so successful because I'm like
these people are way better at this than
I am or whatever it is I'm just a talk
gooder I can talk pretty well that's my
talent but a lot of you are like with
art and editing and just so many things
that you guys can do so amazingly well I
want to like get you and make you
successful because I know there are a
lot of you that have been working for a
long time to make it happen and those of
you who are like Shia have this idea
give me a shout out no I am only going
to help people that have been working
their butts off for years I want to find
people that have been slaving away at
something they love loved and seen
little to no results for at least a year
if you haven't worked on your dream and
failed for at least a year then that is
not really your dream you need to work I
mean there are some people that I watch
that do daily vlogs they've been doing
daily vlogs every day for four years
that barely get a hundred views of video
that's commitment if you're not willing
to sacrifice and put in the time and
effort that it takes to daily vlog every
day for four years or even for a year
I'm not gonna like help you out because
I need to see some commitment I want to
help people that are helping themselves
I want to give that little lift up to
people who are struggling and striving
and have been working and have not quit
and have not given up so if you are one
of those people I'm looking for you and
I'm
finding a lot of you so I'm not going to
announce now and who and all that kind
of stuff but I just want you to know I
see you guys I am very impressed with a
lot of you and my message is the same as
it's always been
don't give up you may never get a shout
out for me you may never get a shout out
from any big youtuber but you if you are
good at it and you are and you were
passionate one day you will get a break
and it might take five years and might
take ten years if it takes ten years and
you haven't had any breakthroughs and
maybe should try something else like
there's got to be that point where it's
like oh I might not be working out for
you but for some of you just don't quit
anyways I just wanted to say that I like
you guys
and I've been hanging out with you maybe
I should go do some parenting hey is
that baby part Oh rock hard are you
still alive oh good yeah you need water
to survive are you gonna drink the Los
Angeles tap water that might not be the
best decision is that what you're
planning on doing Wow
alright that's your own risk my friend I
love you what you guys doing downstairs
Oh watching watching one movie do you
think I'm a delinquent father yeah yep
don't answer that question young man oh
sorry I thought you were used to it I've
been yelling a lot for the last three
years
oops I spilled do go get water out of
the fridge that's gross you can't drink
that water
there's like urine in that don't care go
get it out of the fridge kids all right
love you guys speaking of talented and
creative individuals you guys making
these n slates are very impressive I'm
trying to use as many as I can but
there's so many good ones it's hard to
pick thanks for watching today's vlog I
did see snoop diz Wiz whistle at maker
studios I guess it's snoop lion now give
me a roar snoop lion rah
but he's intimidating I was gonna ask
him to be my vlog but I want to be that
guy hey Snoop Dogg hi my name's che I do
a daily video on you I don't know I just
don't want to go ask him to be in my
video but I saw him I waved at him I
threw up a West Side to him and he shot
me I have to get shoulder surgery next
week
but it was great to see him haha jokes
click on yesterday as well click on a
pin and lucky button and if you want to
see what we mean and by what I mean by
we is my children and my wife and me
that's the we in the way that I speak of
one two three four five years ago today
we've been making a video everything
will those days click on them you could
click on them love you buddy I got a
little bro tired of my heart as they
stared at me like move dad chill you
know too aggressive alright love you
guys and when I say it I mean it I'm not
just like love you guys like I'm
planning I've got to go love you guys
I really genuinely love you I love you a
lot so much so that I'm gonna continue
sleeping under your bed
