hi I'm login here hey guys happy weekend
so we are here at a shoot for the kids
it's actually gonna go up on the moms to
you but the kids are doing a little
Easter egg hunt for the mom suit and
this little bug he has a little bunny
hat that somebody gave him at playlist
live and I can't find it anywhere I'm so
bummed because it would look so cute
with this outfit where's bunny hawk
little money come on dear much I don't
think that's part of it what are you
doing those 100 take like I'm done and
I'm done I'm burying my face what do you
do hey record are you doing you are
comedians yeah he takes after his dad
what can I say okay they're getting
ready to go ready to watch it all new
homes new the grass was in the basket so
the kids just threw him out I'm pretty
much sure it was him he's like I need
more room for eggs this stuff hit me in
here like jam you kind of hi good job
honey
hi fine or leave me hanging that's cool
too there's the Easter Bunny there
here's were you the one hopping around
hiding all the eggs your little bunny
hopper words all your scores
calm down oh yeah oh my goodness this is
the Backson hey over here okay I'm not
going on the basketball game
Happy Easter this is Ben happy we're in
a little bunny ears I know I can't
believe it when you poopoo fairies I'm
like not the same this was in front of
the air that's right in the air oh I
can't wait for your little baby to wear
bunny ears I wish that he was gonna be
here for Easter too that would be so
cute was so fun little bunny I remember
after I had a via princess chart her
first holiday was fourth of July and I
had this cutest little watermelon outfit
and I loved it because you know how we
love watermelon so it was for her I need
to find that picture for you guys I'll
find it okay wait wait wait don't put
the shelves in there we're making
waffles this morning Sunday morning and
we're watching conference and now
cowbirds is over so we're making waffles
okay
you got to break it a little bit more
and then pull it there you go
oh shoot let me grab that there we go
we don't want we don't want shells in it
good job I just got here my change I put
this in there to put it in my foot in
the garbage now my garbage is over here
oh why are you doing this and you're
juggling the egg yeah usually you only
have to do that when you're trying to
separate the yolk and the white yeah
Carbon is over here okay now you can
start stirring it these guys love
helping cooking every time we're doing
that in the kitchen
anything that has to do with the kitchen
they're in here helping so today we're
making waffles and sausage and eggs for
Sunday it's fun and I usually never cook
breakfast you should ask these guys I
never like to it's just like I have it I
cook breakfast - if I have to cook
dinner - so we usually just have cereal
and toast and easy things for breakfast
but today we're making it this is the
best part the mixing in the whiskey in
the mixing in the whiskey
I'm making do it
are you whisking you're such a good
whisper this morning me please whisking
where are you
you're the cloth monster I'm the nap
once you're the nap month I I'm in
charge of all my skeleton yeah am I not
supposed to make one it's gonna eat old
fruit today but I can't end it right
it's Sunday we're making waffles and
sausage' names now I'm a waffle mat
monster dang it everybody welcome to our
life son give me kiss me kiss you guys
what kind of waffles you making when
makeup grandpa's famous yummy I had to
bribe your mom for the recipe I'm
excited I'm excited yeah hey don't be
discouraged I'm Emma started my marathon
diet today what's your marathon got you
meat waffles I'm excited
okay next up okay what's next flower all
right flower is the power well dip the
flower in the power batter the whiskey
war so today is Sunday what we do every
six months in the Church of Jesus Christ
of latter-day saints
speaking of the devil wait a minute
that was not the right girl you better
know that's blasphemy
um we watch seriously why don't I stop
myself before I said that you know what
I'm saying like when you're talking
about somebody and they showed me like
speak of the devil we can't say that
you're talking about Jesus yeah my bad
my bad we want we listen and watch three
hours no it's two two-hour sessions on
Sunday on Sunday two two-hour sessions
also on Saturday which we watched and
then there's another session that's for
the men another session for the women
that was last week so there's a lot of
um it's on light if you guys want to
watch it you can watch it you want to
know what Mormons believe what did that
Mormons believe anyways you believe in
waffles and other stuff we'll leave your
like boys watching watch the mold
shaycarl videos look at that stud muffin
like in calling and what I mean by stead
muffin is diabetes candidate I don't
love you guys you have rubber two kids
white more I'm not gonna lie to you guys
I really like this Monday to Friday
schedule it's nice just relaxing on my
weekend I'm vlogging come here babe
you guys what is the best marathon app
to download I'm gonna start running
everyday and I'm just gonna download a
marathon a half and I'm going to follow
the guidelines you can like put into the
app how many months you have and tell
your marathon and they're like plans a
training schedule for you so it's like
run two miles today three miles today
four miles today they're beautiful
subscribers thanks April to that you're
making waffles but I was gonna start
please stop starting and just start
we're in your life I'm living at okay
yeah with waffles shoes let's give you
back this far any more exciting code
Idaho on credit oh yes look I did show
ya do whichever one Idaho first one day
I don't have our Spring Break I'm famous
I'm excited maybe your friends check it
out I'm gonna be in Idaho for a week on
the 11 what are we gonna do I'm gonna go
camping swimmin don't have to go camping
at this warm enough oh if we do in Idaho
um hi team chill so just relax
do something
okay I beg you we could still ski
somewhere do thank you
Negros keen once this year no aha
pathetic loser sorry he's a pathetic
loser hate being apathetic until you are
not to start living her life today are
the waffles done no I have to go make
them the food ready yeah yeah it's not
yet like my shirt it's my tough mudder
shirt babe this looks and smells
delicious
I know can you believe it I Campbell
like juggling everything put sausage in
the eggs I'm like I'm never good at this
at my I end up burning stuff every day
yeah we got eggs scrambled and over easy
my daddy
yeah we got sausage that smells it looks
delicious over easy no those are set
sausage scrambled eggs
raesha s-- rocked our did you help make
this stuff but yes my daddy just out
you're amazing I love you mom you're
awesome
you hear that touch look at that Tower
of waffles
welcome to the leaning tower of waffles
everybody aha we will live in these
waffles
they will provide for our sustenance and
we will sell them to provide for our
future needs the Tower of waffles hey
that's not what we say at the Tower of
walkush we say the Tower of woof
oh yeah it's only funny when I say it
that's a few sip I don't have 200 in the
phrase I was the vice oh i'll elbow my
six-year-old bottom face i don't care
out of the choker waffles hahahaha oh my
yeah i'm going to do a lot of marathon
training oh can you stack that lady's on
there
wait are you making more power waffles
in charge of making the waffles
you're not authorized to build the Tower
of waffles oh here comes the better
he's the waffle builder are you the
waffle builder rock face okay let's cook
hey close it slowly and - oh it's gonna
squish in between all of it close it
there you go good job can I eat I'm
gonna eat now guess I gotta go
oh my sausage we gotta pray to thank the
Lord or the bounteous blessing he did it
I got a workout - and I turn the camera
we did yeah we did pray honey do we
break when just we did it I was about to
and I turned the camera on
Hey right you're right you guys are
trying to get out of prayer Jesus
they're trying to not pray it's because
I was about to and we did the whole
every fold your arms and then you were
taking the waffles out and we're a film
it so I turned the camera on and so in
your mind you thought you'd grade but we
didn't pray baby turn knows she's smart
okay baby card will you pray for us
that's not reference thank you for
summer today have a good time in that we
can always be together forever
all right now I prayed diving into this
tower of waffles all right so breakfast
is served great goodness mom eat our hay
oh also by the way our new Tough Mudder
video is up go check that out where we
exercise off the waffle sausage fat but
seriously guys go watch our Tough Mudder
video we had a lot of fun a lot of
people work really hard on it it's on my
shaycarl channel links enjoy your Sunday
mornings and Charles trippi's band will
be the Kings play in it
yes it's so good you have to watch me
there's a special party that Shay does
something really funny and I just crack
up really well hi freakin Ian I did not
the part where I'd like trip and fall
like all the way in a giant mud puddle
was not on purpose I meant to go to
tackle Steve I was running to tackle
Steve and I just ate it because the mud
puddle was deeper than I thought it was
and I just I'm gonna watch it oh my gosh
so funny
how's that we should buy today he's
using the sausage flip else's child
you just dope into the tower that's
where all the sausage he just poured it
on and took a big bite
that's like we met he's buying the
sausage you can't eat all the sausage
roaring up a heart attack that yummy
yeah thumbs up for sausage
it's easy to be bucks for a baby they're
so impressed it's so impressed you guys
see that my dad was making music which
is mouth that is impressive that korean
FX guy has nothing on my dad
was better than good was that good
love you hey you guys apparently we're
gonna be on television tonight really I
just started getting all these tweets
that were on AFV America's Funniest
Videos and I thought it was on the 13th
but apparently it's not tonight because
my mom and my aunt and my grandma have
all texted me and about a thousand of
you on Twitter with and this person just
poop their pants apparently like just
I'm just getting all the baby
oh but people are tweeting us pictures
of us on TV on America's Funniest Videos
there we are there we are there we are
ah that's cool I want to see what baby
I'm glad that they're tweeting us cuz we
wouldn't have known look this person
just said hi hmm
I just pooped my pants I got change a
diaper that grows that's I here together
all together forever hmm
well I'm gonna eat completion to
separate episode ever double a birdie
dabba dabba doo daddy hmm America's
Funniest a others on everybody come
watch it come watch we're on TV I've
watched this TV show longer than almost
any TV show yesterday Oh a lot of laughs
I said I remember seeing all these a lot
of these old Tom Bergeron that's crazy
the studio is so cold when you're inside
there AFE isn't just a show it's a
mirror if we hold up to see our
strengths our weaknesses it's lobster
color if you didn't see it I'm sure
there's gonna be a link to it somewhere
somewhere soon and I'll let you know but
we're gonna watch it on TV right now
this is so cool you know what's crazy -
is that Disney owns ABC so it's kind of
ironic - that that yeah you don't know
that Disney owns ABC in America's
Funniest Videos is on ABC
that's cool
I'm surprised over the last five years
we haven't like captured more Americas
funniest video moments we have a few but
like I think that you'd catch we hadn't
caught in a lot more Sun tarde remember
that time that I tipped us over in a
golf cart you went flying out that's a
good AFV moment there we are there we
are all right here we go you see us we
did horribly on this that you are the
first family of YouTube we have a daily
reality show where we upload videos of
our family doing crazy things or there's
other one every single day for the last
five years you realize in years to come
your kids will be begging the rest home
yes you guys better give us a good rest
home I'm sure there will be a link on
AFVs website it's so funny see it's on
TV we did it babe hey losers I think it
short you are short actually I think oh
I look all right can't do that Long's do
that oh yeah I was gonna say mom so I'm
gonna to also alright alright both
picking number two let's see if you're
right
where's our dodge fishing - okay it's
just so hissing my beautiful face all
right here I'm gonna get a picture stop
screaming annoying
there's Braley - I thought there's baby
toy get your hands off the TV honey and
that's what we did this weekend did you
guys miss us I love seeing the tweets
where it's like hey I came to watch the
Shaytards vlog but I realize it's the
weekend and now I'm sad but a lot of you
been watching the reruns if you haven't
seen every single Shaytards vlog in
history you might as well start at the
beginning start on video number one and
you can follow the amazing adventure
that's led us where we are today
all right click on yesterday's vlog yeah
go check out the Tough Mudder
uh yeah yesterday's vlog is gonna be the
Tough Mudder video it came out really
good and I was really surprised how many
of you said you cried during it I think
it was the music good old way the Kings
and Charles Trippy definitely bring a
tear to your eye like I'm not feeling
lucky button for a special surprise
video and if you want to see what we're
doing one two three four and five years
ago you can click on those corresponding
cute faces also you guys if you missed
America's Funniest Videos on TV they
have a YouTube channel that's right go
click below I will leave a link to
America's Funniest Videos YouTube
channel below they said they're gonna
get it up on there ASAP so go bug them
until they upload okay love you guys all
guess what I'll see your mom give me
kisses okay I'm not
