okay the kids are genuinely scared even
though we've done this two or three
years they are all pretty freaked out
Jackson are you scared scared hey you
guys we're about to go into the corn
maze in the dark rock rock very excited
Rock doesn't wanna be okay you guys
ready hey guys welcome to the vlog
shaped arts vlog how's it going we're
doing daily voxer yeah yeah yeah we're
on the road guy auntie I want to say
some stuff I want to say a couple things
no I know wait what
I don't
I was gonna cut out some commenters but
then I just said never yeah lucky every
day anyways we're gonna do it we're
gonna do it no not yet ChIP chip chip
chip hey hey hey it is ready to be
spooked out hit are you guys nervous
this year going guys are you guys gonna
go through the corn maze Brock and
Daxton Jackson doesn't even know what
the heck we're doing I told them the
dyes are colors individually that we
weren't going to go as a big group I
said this year we're gonna do it
differently we need each give you your
individual GoPro and you have to go
through the corn maze all by yourself
so that we can get each each person's
individual reactions and they're like
wait wait wait serious no doubt wait
what are you how no dad never actually
be realized right yellow do I get you
guys I was submitted ad I was bullied I
was like hey
yeah I mean said she'd be huddled up on
the floor curled a bomber
well I will do it let go pro on me mm
okay lots of screaming in fright did you
bring your megaphone me and she speaking
with it you do have okay I got a girl
you got a boys okay for donation event
drones like that like small drones that
they could fly but we can fly with it so
I was thinking like the platform you
should be the handles and then you
should have like a rope that you sit on
that has like a little seatbelt yeah and
then I can't there just be a platform
you stand on like with your feet and you
just stand on a platform yeah and then
they have like four drones yeah over
like he was like err there's a guy
that's done it
no there it's like a drone like he has
like four helicopter things on a
platform I mean he straps his feet it
because I love to joke like I'd have the
MOE controller new tip no no she's out
of this drone idea peepers no leave
everything in here that's gonna happen
definitely okay I'm gonna go up here
okay you Logan with the new haircut I
like it dude got her eyes hey guys how's
it going happy Halloween
it's believe it's been a year yeah I
think right now in time is like my
favorite time of year because it's
getting cooler down and starts hot but
everything's still alive
so it's like you got the colors you got
the briskness it's great a great option
below I love it all right the whole crew
is here day on Danny
David the DS the 3ds the 3d poot I love
this video this videos 3d Danny
Dejan and David not going through the
corn maze that starts with an M hey Dex
are you ready
are you scared how scared are you
you really scared there we go
me tell you dad go jogging to do a back
let's go back come on dork
all right you guys we're in the maze
there's a drone overhead it's always a
daunting noise kind of you guys were I
don't know I'm scared to go through it
during the dark baby no not you the
sound no rock come this way guys you
know who's having a lot of fun it's
Daxton and winston daddy's away five
Tigers two big room Jack's dad help us
Oh what there's the kids yeah I need he
wasn't like really sure but okay we know
where we're going have we found our way
out yet yeah are we lost
how you having a good time yeah okay
happy Halloween
no no watch your language all right good
job
this way look at it and then here comes
the male model crew should we bunch of
kids and then you got the male models
we're slow walking Hey look at our come
over hey I'm business sell sell sell oh
yeah we revamp the website okay we gotta
get shares up stocks down fourth-quarter
earnings Jackson can you see where we're
going from up there yeah which way
should we go that way I think everyone's
going this way should we follow the
crowd instead
Oh which way we going with that how you
get out of here needs five punching we
are trying to find our way out of the
corn maze now we're gonna go do some
pumpkins that we're doing we're gonna
cut some pumpkins open and four heads in
them yep very handsome willing to run
around and say hey bud you owe me five
dollars I bought up and cut your head
off okay sounds like a plan what oh the
kids are all this way cute guys come
this way that's a dead end trying to get
all of us together I tell you what kids
are not the brightest when it comes to
coordinators they're so short they're
disadvantaged already they can't see
nothing who cares you gotta go this way
it's a dead end
grandma hug
grandma wants hugs grandma hugs I missed
it
sorry really look these guys are in the
vlog very first the very first thing
they said to me is do you really know
Roman outward yeah yeah I know man I
know I could call him right now and tell
him you think he's cool
you want his number I'll give you his
number really yeah
do I remember okay it's this write it
down 1-800 are om aan 18 are just
kidding check it out well then it'll
fall bottom line yeah yes good a what a
pretty spectacular jack-o'-lantern
happening right now
yeah you're not sure where you're at as
far as carbon games though we're on the
top when it comes to jack-o'-lanterns
wait till the finish product it would
cut to you we don't want to give you
guys any money how we make the best
Jackyl energy share you're really
getting into this right now let me try
to get a stencil out but they I'm
already discouraged so are here I you
know what I believe in you you don't do
it you can do it I'm gonna stick Oh
careful
right Gary oh look at that that's
adorable
he reminds me of like hero
that movie it's just like a cute chubby
thing that's right
I own it
No how's yours coming can we see it yet
o Radha your room I'm done no okay and
me finish her let's see it alright oh
that is so cute I like the face can you
make the face for me you have to make
the face like show me on your on your
face like it let's see okay you're like
a spider I don't know it's not oh it is
turning out good we're good you're doing
great
the first time I've ever tried something
other than a big trying want nose face
its art gears pick it up
okay hold them up next to each other
let's see Bodie bring it over here come
here
okay hold him up bud I'll count of three
I'm gonna put it on your head wait out
is here yeah can you hold it up like
your that's your face good job Rach pick
it up okay ready
look at me one two three jack-o'-lantern
faces nice guys definitely feels like
Halloween now what's heavy okay put them
back on the table
nice work all right we're lighting to
move up Adam up loud I'm up the pumpkins
are on fire yeah Derek sing it that's
fun bunch of pumpkins are on fire yeah
not a movement that's not maybe the
version oh that's my spider guys maybe
you can or cannot tell that it's a
spider but I can the heart of the manis
are some real crappy pumpkin that's
Brock's did that one that's maybe the
best one that's yours yeah I think Gavin
has the best one that's a good one too
Braley's Gavin's that's shamrocks Brock
put some ears on it it looks like cut
some extra holes
that's a spooky one that's hi guys I'm
um Peter pumpkin
that's my spider that one had a bad ID
anyways we did it we did it
what did some pumpkin things the noms
what's going on here maybe a explain to
me what's happening over here okay look
at Logan's haircut man that's the best
jack-o'-lantern he fits good no Avia how
does he do it hit that okay she said
relish she wants a roasted hot dogs over
here
Logan's making one for Mom this is a
grandma I see yeah brie is check this
out man hey Carter's crazy corn maze you
can roast marshmallows and hot dogs and
all the fun stuff all right we have
requests to be in the vlog you have made
it your existence is complete you can
now drop out of school just read the
comments for the rest of it nope don't
do that davin bad advice okay you guys
ready go through we're gonna go through
okay
is ready go through the corn maze okay
let's go
the kids are genuinely scared even
though we've done this two or three
years they are all pretty freaked out
Jackson are you scared scared hey you
guys we're about to go into the corn
maze in the dark rock rap very excited
rock doesn't wanna be okay you guys
ready
you gone her eyes are like huge oh
person I'm a person yeah oh nice tricks
insured dude we're like that oh nice
tricks and beanie cool cool cool
check it out tricks and calm oh hey nice
tricks Annette down Carly careful you
got a baby in there don't scare that
baby out of your uterus I don't know how
that works
Jackson how do we deliver in a corner
I'm not
are you scared Axton be blue now go
ahead all right
oh you guys look so scary right now good
with dance dad I'm scared
taxi scared I can't hear my turret
my so scary just bright light
there we go stranger ya wanna say that
probably make it so much worse
Amy where are the floor just having fun
and the corn maze hope you guys are
having a happy Halloween are you for you
for you that's scary
Dijon honey Dijon okay we avoided the
chainsaw guy rocks terrified I think all
the boys in the family are I like the
smell of the chainsaw
