all right I want to hear this that's a
10 I want a good chant dollar dollar
bills y'all
I was very white alright we need some
water we need some water we're gonna go
play basketball so we need some water
how do you know yeah I'm making a video
of my life cuz I'm thirsty alright
everybody it is a beautiful Thursday
morning here in sunny Southern
California I got me a gallon of water
gonna play basketball of course with the
boys I got my knee braces on cuz I'm an
old man and old men's knees hurt when
they play basketball cuz it you gonna
drive you to do jiu-jitsu key to driving
yes son whoo check it out 15 cents too
early you see 15 cents I'm gonna leave
it there
I'm gonna leave it I have this weird
thing that I taught the kids I said I
told the kid I said if you find money
don't pick it up it's not yours you
didn't earn it I'm a big believer it's
like if you don't earn it
you don't get it just because you just
cuz you found it doesn't mean it's yours
you have to earn money you don't just
get money for free money comes from work
I know it's kind of silly it's just like
a couple died as like a dime or whatever
but still I want to teach him that oh
I'm vlogging to drive it sorry here we
are on the court might thousand shooty
school okay here we are
Greyson Knowles about to dunk it and he
has agreed that if he misses the dunk I
get to punch him square in his testicle
area haha okay bro you agree to that
right probably not what you say well
let's just see if you make the Dunkin
nut and then you'll find out what I said
come on don't let us down dude oh he
touched that was a solid grab I was a
solid rim grab Adrian
Falzone in the house fly wasn't on my
yeah he's get he makes the easy money
dunk that dog dunk that dog oh man
alright you have to show you guys how to
do this no I'm gonna freakin dog hold on
live put the camera down and I'll dunk
it for you guys I'll show you guys how
it's done I have put the camera down put
your camera down to everybody with our
cameras down hi daughter how was your
day did you have some good knowledge
learned did it seep into your skull
excellent
come on tizzle baby get on me in Luffy
poufy OH
sonar got to get in the bag sorry bro
sisters took all the front seats you can
punch him in the neck later let's go
you guys get enough punches for still in
the front seat daddy
Oh yo you got him back oh yeah we're
having another picture names either I
can't have another picture day how many
picture days of school year do you have
seven
okay we're going to maker studios all
right princess tart so tell me the truth
are you embarrassed so I left that part
in the vlog yesterday oh well yes and
snow cuz you are right saying that I
will look back on the years and say like
oh yeah I lied I was in third grade and
blah blah blah and it's embarrassing
because suddenly kicked out my school
watch it and sometimes people know that
I like him and he likes me so don't be
out oh you oh yeah like look who this is
turn the camera around check it out
alright see these to butt heads I run
them over
ready
got ID
scared you you went running like a
little scared
kitten what's up buddy come say hi to me
oh come here
climb up hello daddy hey can I put
it on there but you put the code in put
in wait
no no let's drive up there no get back
in we're gonna drive up there yeah put
him in here come here you are drive here
you drive
I like your hair by the way big help
you're not driving here we are at maker
studios scoot over you're not driving
here Mickey Mouse not allow that scared
the crap out of Cecily and rocked art I
was good because I use it anyone coming
there truck like that it was probably me
you hear the roar of the engine doctor
got scared and hid behind the Gator so
there yeah we went running ghost in your
face you got to be on the moms you it's
me no fear he hid behind something he
did he ran and hid behind the gate it
was impressive
I was impressed now he's eating all the
craft services to get that boom
Shakalaka that sounds delicious
what do you got sandwich no that's on a
fan which will for crackers crackers a
case love beer yeah hey there engage
doing your homework bro oh I'm just
talking about road bikes life of an
entertainer doing homework on set tough
life I always thought they actually
liked a people to do it forum
well got to do it on set so that your
homework oh who is that is that the team
that's gonna put the podcast together
yeah podcast coming
brush brush them off we brush your
shoulders off or off thanks bro
brush each other's shoulders off okay
now you're dancing yeah it looks good
didn't you change who's that is that
Bret the infirm you're an info you I'm
an inferred you're not an injury they
actually pay him quite handsomely to
because I am handsome
haha came by my weight so if you're
wondering that's getting in the Fat Joe
hey I can still do it until you until
you get as Heisman than Wingo I'll
always be short though it's so cheesy
are big news we'll come on what's up
we're just logging that's been up to we
have talked we're just shooting mom's
Easter today cuz my battery died
I present plug him in last night well
kind of drink it up that looks delicious
anyways love you Brett love you too bye
thanks for the shout out in the Mickey
Mouse watch that's longer that's a lot
he thought he saw you guys
I was already buddy thought okay it just
finished filming the moms you and now
we're filming an episode for the kids
that's gonna go up on national siblings
day which is April 11th so you guys stay
tuned for that it's gonna be fun on the
mom soup yeah girls wait whose birthday
yeah that is gages birthday so what a
perfect national siblings day this Kurt
he's a professional it's gonna make you
guys look awesome all you have to do is
be awesome okay some good job good job
you guys look great what let me tell you
one thing baby tard you never ever say
that to yourself you know why you know
do you know why okay you need to love
yourself oh you know what you need to
tell God the same thing say dad you need
to love yourself is episode usually
nicest Regina why he's saying that why
because you guys say it in the comments
rude
stop calling my husband fat yeah
my feelings when you guys say the hell I
do honor my feelings oh wow he's
adorable do that but I love my monster
pan she loves my pants you have to
embrace your body and love it that's all
I'm gonna say right now I could go off
on a tangent but I'm not going to but
that's what we don't say we do not call
ourselves fat okay love your sale what
is it are you doing no they're getting
goofy here we go hi everyone today is
national siblings day hi everyone
today's national silver have won today's
special simply say so our mom's thought
it would be super cute so our mom's item
is be super - if we did a special video
if you did a special video about why we
want our brothers and sisters I thought
why we love our brothers and sisters
perfect you're a professional yeah the
same thing
hi everyone today's national siblings
day today's Naturals is again today is
national siblings day so our moms
thought sore mom shot it would be super
cute if you're super cute if we did a
special video if we did a special video
about why you love our brothers and
sisters about why we love our brother
sister and sister pain national siblings
day national siblings day
so our moms thought it would I am let be
super cute to face you if we did a
special video I think
video about why we love our brothers and
sisters about landing them honey you
look scared
you guys can Gavin it you can look at
and Lucia talks okay just say it like
normal okay try you're doing great
though okay
today is national sibling day so our
moms thought it would be super cute if
we did a special video about why we love
our brothers and sisters few guys we
just finished fit finished we finished
filming the siblings episode for the
kids and I just met Stephanie I did your
hair at maker you I'm one of the interns
here and I want to wish my closest
friends at home Nikki happy birthday and
I was like not to Saturday but don't
have a birthday because of tomorrow
every day except assuming do you like
working here I love it I love till we
move here and forever and here for a
couple more months right well very cool
it's a hot opportunity and right no
there's great you guys talk about it all
the time now we're at the post office
doing some chores some errands some
runarounds what do you see what do you
see can you see through there that's
into the post office that's where they
put the letters so they get all the
letters and they put them into these
individual boxes these are called peal
boxes can you say P o box peerblock
you're so smart this is at the old
Culver City a post office look at these
these are like ancient not ancient but
like antique think of all the memories
all the correspondence checks letters
full stuff alright let's go a lot of
history here feels like a very historic
building
alright go Paul you guys check it out
it's a rainbow all the way across the
sky do you see the rainbow it's not cool
that's on the Sony Studios lot what do
you want go do you just want to walk and
go get a treat
what kind of treat you on
huh Carly a Carl treat Yankee car true a
card treat Oh good car treat all right
whatever weirdo so we just did our
errands yeah we're gonna drive our cars
there's one gonna walk me like a quinoa
he's so cute so that's the Sony Studios
lot they shoot all kinds of TV shows and
movies there and for some reason I don't
even know why and I've been on that lot
a few times but there's a giant rainbow
that's just always there when I first
thought a couple months ago I thought it
was like for a set or something but it's
just always there a giant rainbow on the
Sony Studios slot anybody know why it's
there anybody know that we're in
chocolate juice get the juice just me
and this little guy huh I get a juice to
thirsty what's this tip for a chance
have you guys think should we see if we
can get a good chance all right I want
to hear this that's a 10 I want a good
chance
dollar dollar bills y'all
I was very white thank you headed a chat
for us mmm yummy okay so basically we
I'm starving I wanted to eat something
right now but I just texted clutch so
they're going to be done shooting in
like 30 minutes so they're gonna meet us
here at the mall we're gonna have an
early dinner at the Olive Garden huh but
until then we got to curb our appetite
with a little Jamba Juice Yeah right
right hey thanks for buying my company I
really appreciate it
that's just cool all forever you want to
go in there with that I'll tell you what
forever and always for the rest of your
life you ever asked to go in the Disney
Store I'll say yes okay okay there's a
snake in my boots and you know what I
forgot that Disney box Star Wars so Star
Wars is that's so crazy
doesn't Yvonne Star Wars Disney about
Marvel Disney bought maker studios it's
insane you just only have like two sips
your button argued you weren't a
spider-man necklace that's part of
Disney gotta suck you live Donald Duck
yes yeah hey and I don't like have to
promote Disney like they're not like now
that we bought your company show you
have to promote us they haven't said
that at all I will gladly do it that nut
that's uh what's his oh my gosh what's
his name you burped
yeah Pluto are we so dumb I know this
freakin dog it's Pluto right yeah Pluto
goofy has pants goofy has pants Pluto's
adult that's Pluto that's goofy that's
Minnie that's Daffy that's Donald that's
rock dildol do it there's the Carly walk
there's the Carly walk that the Carly
log yeah a nice high five
look can you say hi to this guy okay
watches our videos what's up buddy go do
a trick for us
let's see a trick
oh nice jump you can jump off this oh
that's a hard jump oh nice job dude
alright what's your name what's your
name and you guys both watch our videos
well low five
Oh too slow oh nice I just ease in yeah
you know I like to tease a lot oh you
watch our videos nice alright your I
like to carry him on my shoulders look
here he comes here he comes
there he goes can you give her five she
watches our videos there you go there
now you're on the straight arts vlog
good to meet you guys
thanks for saying hi you know them all
but you know their social security
numbers good that's good that was a test
all right Carly walk nice job
I'm good Carly walk what you taught our
kids Carly yeah she can do the Carly
walk - yeah that Mike was husky know
you're thinking Sully Sully had a
Letterman's jacket like that there he
goes off to the mall see the carrots who
is it who just got here
oh we know them oh I know her I am so
glad that I know her it's the prettiest
person I know right there she's for you
I'm talking to mom now you came back she
left us but she came back how'd the
shoot go we knew scooby-dooby-doo here
boom hey go hey guys tow provides
Cougars we're gonna be the first one
thing
this is the best way I'm gonna cry Oh a
scarf of gosh this is awesome about to
cry aren't declares this is a basket
Virgina Oh give it to one of them I
don't need any other type a question
about Claire's I remember growing up
this was like the store where all the
chicks would come right and I always
remember that the Claire stores are like
that they're always small what
okay you go outside see you get out of
here okay bye
seated let me know if you ever realize
that that all the Claire stores it's
like like walking like this through all
the trinkets
I'm just remember that about any Claire
store I've been to have you noticed that
all the Claire stores are like super
tiny they're always so small it's like I
know I hate it like like a big bull in a
china shop a big dirty role in a tiny
little princess shop what a wreck it all
watch - that is weird why what's
happening hey Hannah don't bicker No
they are ma'am and this computer can we
see her cleavage is up that's weird
sorry babe it's just a computer she said
I can't even hear what she's saying
though turn up the volume on her I
wonder how the workers feel about her
dude it's happening it's happening
that's crazy
great gift card so this is like it's
like cut out in the shape of this girl
and then they're like projecting the
image of her talking to us onto the
screen she's skinny
look how skinny she is you know like
three millimeters wide that's crazy
do you guys believe in the technological
singularity huh it's scary guys not the
singularity is it's like a hypothetical
moment in time when artificial
intelligence will have progressed to the
point of greater than human intelligence
where the computers become self-aware
and they take over sometimes my iphone
does things where I'm like whoa that was
a little creepy how did you know that I
wanted to do that it's crazy like the
Minority Report remember when Tom Cruise
is walking through the mall they're like
hi sir and they like change the outfit
on the dummies to be like him wearing
those clothes little things like that
are happening it's crazy it's scary
I brought in an idea all right I love
you guys thanks for watching this vlog
click on me at today's vlog don't never
look it buddy wants you to shave down to
one two three four five years ago
giggles but it hey I'm speaking of being
fat uh yesterday we just confirmed me
Carly Kasey Logan and hi I'm Ron or all
running the New York City Marathon in
November and we're running for a Cause
UNICEF is sponsoring us and we are
raising money for UNICEF so if you guys
want to donate to our campaign links
below we're raising money for charity
UNICEF is one of the biggest
longest-running Charities in history so
those pounds will start melting away as
I get ready for the marathon and I'm so
excited that New York City Marathon
that's like one of the biggest marathons
there are and I've always wanted to run
that one so I'm pumped for it okay I
love you guys I'll see you on Monday
it's the weekend baby have a great
weekend and if you're sad because you
missed the show
tarz just remember there's 1,900 Shh
artery runs to watch love you guys have
a great weekend see you on Monday
