hi I'm logging here Avia c'mere c'mere
where I always am where am I always am
yeah at my desk Shakalaka I have a
question for you
I'm come here don't lie to me alright
probably short lie to me
what do you mean me yeah you promised
why did you go why did you okay promise
so I was just editing the footage of
your little bracelet tutorial yesterday
and you were trying to get the very end
trying to get the rubber band and the
thing and you couldn't and then all
sudden the camera turned off and you
said that the battery died did the
battery really die or could you not if
you just turn off by itself it does yeah
I mentioned a backlog so that was the
battery really dad yeah so you lie well
I just turned off and I didn't want to
say it it's when you say sorry guys that
I just turned off cuz you didn't show
you didn't I mean the camera turn on you
didn't show like how you got it you were
going to the end there but that you
didn't show how you finished it was that
really the bracelet or did you switch it
out for when they already had wait okay
the bracelet right you were like going
through and then it broke so I had to
start all over again with new rubber
bands you did yeah but you never showed
how you got to the very end result I
didn't know cuz your friend showed this
bracelet this is the bracelet I made
this is this cuz you were like into the
variant and then you're like hey get
this wide rubber band all sudden you'd
like jumped where it was like this you
never showed and I was interested to see
like I wanted to see how it got like
that you know I'm saying good show it
was probably on a different camera it
was poster wait what let me should see
it white I filmed it I don't know was it
filmed I don't know who's filming or not
what I thought what I was watching the
footage I thought that you didn't know
how to finish it and so you just turn
the camera off and then you've got this
bracelet that you already had it's okay
there's the finished product I really
just turned off by itself what do you
mean by literally a turn of us are you
filming no oh that on I don't touch my
camera well I I kind of accused you
today in the end slate of lying because
I didn't know that I didn't think that
you knew how to finish that so I thought
you turned off the camera and then you
got this one and said okay there it is
there's your five ring bracelet or
whatever would you tell me the truth
though you don't have a fix I'm moving
huh what yes good yes what does uncle me
can you tell me something what is
literally mean really really really
positive really really really positive
so when you say literally you feel like
that means that you're being very
serious
that doesn't mean I'm right doesn't mean
you're lying so you're like literally it
literally happened okay I love you why
is just wondering cuz I was editing it
and I was like what
where uh I was frustrated cuz like
you're about to the end and then all
sudden you showed that I'm like I didn't
see how she like got it off the their
ladder thing you Tina oh it wasn't it
you're not gonna find it I know how to
find it better than you oh yeah
yes I've logged you hey are you
embarrassed
yeah I'm going to edit that part out how
was school okay
looking Emma I love you I love you ask
forgiveness is our today how are you
flirting with sands are fart out all I
did it out of you want me to but it's so
cute
listen come here how are you flirting
with those are tell me how you were
flirting with him
videos you know does he this is the best
way to fun with him right now
I says uh what I am
come on thinking ten years from now you
will watch this and you'll think it's
cute and hilarious
what putted hey what do you do ID you
get under there
everybody's under the bed we got rocked
are under the bed that is Nikhil under
the bed I'll talk to her about it I
don't know if any of this is even gonna
make it in the vlog okay okay let's I'm
not I'm not pressuring come here come
here I was just telling princess hard
that if says our hears he will think
it's good because he likes you so if he
hear you saying that you're thrown Ian's
pain I embarrassing him is he
embarrassed he says okay I can put that
part in then yes I have your consent I
heard it what what part this one right
now one before you traffic camera no
that's the part I want to leave in it's
so cute
I know I said you believe in that one
but not just when they are filming right
now why can we leave this one fine okay
double consent hey come here listen I
want I some I promise you with some in
ten years from now you will look back on
this video and you'll be like that was
so cute I was this little girl I had a
crush on this little boy when used to
live in California because I assumed
eventually when went back to Idaho and
you'd be like oh it's so glad I'm so
glad I have that memory because listen
i'ma tell you a story let me tell you a
story when I was your age I was exact
are you like greater you in third grade
when I was exactly your age we moved
from Phoenix Arizona to Idaho right and
in between that my dad had just
graduated from DeVry Institute of
Technology he got a job in Idaho we were
living in Arizona my dad was going to
college in Arizona we
moved Idaho but in between moving from
Arizona to Idaho we moved to Utah for
three months we went to this school
called filled in Elementary in Tremont
in Utah I found this girl named Sheila
that I was in love with I was deathly
like the first time I saw her I just
totally fell in love with her and I
asked her out and she said she would go
on it she'd like be my boyfriend and
then she broke up with me and it broke
my heart I don't know what I think I
think yes a giant but she's even a
bigger Butthead haha she heard that so
listen I remember then I like moved and
I never heard from Sheila again and I
was like so sad because I was like in
such a yeah
why don't you not like me she's me yeah
other girls weird but now that I look
back on I'm like I would love to go back
in time and see my third grade self talk
about being in love with Sheila it would
be cool there was like such good
memories you know so I'm telling you
thanks baby turn he got my back girl did
you have a good day at school baby
tizzle hey god I go I go you didn't go
to school don't like I did daddy go to
my Truelove tail she did this um hi my
little sister likes you and then I did
this to her hi says are Avia likes you
or something yeah wait there's a boy
that baby tired has a crush on what's
his name names down and he's six years
old in tail
ya know you embarrass my little sister
at school and you think that's okay and
I can't barish embarrass you there's
only a few people watching this but Dad
that's like a million people 2 million
we just hit 2 million subscribers this
video better get 2 million views we're
two million 26,000 thank you for
subscribing by the way we appreciate it
tell them we appreciate it we appreciate
that
yes we do you bought head Oh
go kick your sister for me oh sorry I
dicker mommy doesn't like that hi your
boob out yeah baby's trying to sleep the
buzzer dings sorry won't quit being such
butt heads you just called you guys hear
that I said bump heads on your head your
mom seal and when you guys said
yeah we that was a bad word in our house
my head and stupid and shut up and idiot
well times have changed how our society
has slipped saying Butthead and all
kinds of cuss words Brett that's
hard dude you just blew up my Twitter
timeline look at all these freakin
bracelets people are sending me now you
can get your own Twitter and quit
spamming my Twitter I told them to some
pictures of fur and now I have to see
her and look through all these pictures
yuh-huh you sent him here that's a
really good one look at that wow that
one's tight it looks good let's go
through and see that one's pretty good
you like that one
yeah nice take those colors there's a
good one look at that do everything your
pictures I told them to some pictures of
my debts Twitter if they make one I'm
not cool Nicole have people all around
the world are doing that same exact
thing look there's another one see I
like that one
yeah you like that one Hey look cool on
see how interactive this is I should
make a fishtail now okay get your own
channel sick of editing your videos get
here no oh my goodness look at you
you're such a big boy haha oh my
goodness you're so cute he's in the bowl
I don't know what this is called a
little thing that pushes his bum so we
can sit in here oh oh you get vomit on
your lips that's not very attractive
this little baby's had a cold but he
seems happy now so they got a big nap
okay now it's that special time of day
where we get to make dinner
and I'm not always thrilled with that
time but I am just gonna buck up and do
it cuz I made plans to make parmesan
chicken and vegetables and it's unclear
whether I'm just going to make bread
with it or some potatoes let's get to
work hey who's that better I like it
when you're closer to me to be so happy
we're gonna do dishes first and then
we'll cook cuz it's always better to sit
in a clean kitchen
tell em bro tardes okay I've got medical
helper we're pounding the meat with a
mullet the GAR meat mallet we're just
gonna get this chicken nice and thin and
ten Kelly if you love something in the
case just careful not to get your finger
that's the worst part then we're going
to use my sister's recipe she said you
drench it in mail which is super healthy
but that's okay because it's gonna be
good and then we're going to put
Parmesan all over it and I think I'm
gonna add some seasonings but I'm not
sure I think like maybe a little salt
and pepper a little garlic pepper and
look garlic pepper on everything it's
like awesome but anyway so that's what
I'm trying okay you're done yeah I think
they were great so whom of you are doing
the book club with me I'm listening I'm
here picking up sauntered from swimming
and I'm listening to the book that we're
dad that we download the power of habit
I saw a bunch of you have downloaded it
who's listening to it isn't it
interesting I love how it starts off
with a story about a lady named Lisa and
how she stopped smoking very interesting
indeed it's all about you know setting a
goal right her goal is to hike through
the deserts of Egypt is that right and
just that simple goal helped her to stop
smoking if you guys aren't joint join us
next Monday we're going to talk about
this book it's so good I love this kind
of stuff this is the stuff that really
gets me excited and motivated about
making change in my life actually
understanding why we do the things we do
anyways I'm here picking up Sun tart
from swimming here's my boy how was
swimmin dude okay did you swim
I hope so cuz that's what you do with
swimming silly you play water polo
nice you score some goals uh well we did
um just going to Cheyenne scrimmage just
but you got wet you swam did you pee in
the pool don't lie to me I didn't okay
cuz I'm gonna run some tests on that
pool water and if I find out you peed in
the pool you're gonna get a spanking you
guys son tardis never heard the term no
shoes no shirt no service where are your
shoes huh nowhere you don't own any
shoes
why are they at home you don't know you
have no idea well I wasn't the Karen I
didn't think I would meet the largest
Sears people here I think we're just
white trash scumbags now so embarrassing
I'm not with him
thank you I'm not with him
just say anything what we'll just tell
them that you've never had shoes in your
entire life and we're here to buy you
your very first pair okay
I mean think about it how do you ever
get shoes in the first place you have to
go to a store and buy some wear
shoes do not somebody says something to
you just act like you're not with me
okay okay here we go so I'm here to make
an old man purchase we've been playing a
lot of basketball lately
my knees hurt from all the juking and
jiving cuz I'm a Jew crude and drive or
I'll break your ankles on the courts I
need to buy some knee braces you guys I
think it's go back to the unfair whatwhy
frame catch my moves you were small
yep
she little supporters listen here we go
she looks like a nerd No
sure now you do yep
just call me the black mamba call him
Shoeless Joe Jackson called him shoeless
pele he's getting another soccer ball
we're not buying him any shoes I'm
getting two knee braces this is the
girls new favorite song come here girls
this is youtuber Tessa violet she has a
new album out may be trapped mostly
troubled the girls love this song sing
it girl yeah yeah I don't wanna make any
more you just made one get it the snakes
sing it girl
all right well she's still learning the
lyrics you may say strange we could get
some tips
make me I know the chorus make me a
robot make me a robot take take myself
Thanks
smells good babe what do you got in
store for us my goodness it smells good
yeah Parmesan chicken what's under here
bread yeah hello beautiful
what do you do where you been the rest
of my whole life
the rest for my whole life
what are you doing the rest of your life
want to be in the rest of my life even
how old are we when we met I'm excited
for the day to come or we have been each
other's lives longer than we had not
been in each other's lives you're like
19 only meant yeah and now old how old
are you so you're gonna have to be like
39 hey how much do you weigh what's your
credit score so you have the 39 years
old and then we will have been with each
other longer than not with each other
well we're gonna hit like Oh longer than
IV yeah sounds miserable
just kidding babe I love you forever cuz
you make good chicken oh that looks good
kiss won't even think Candice for that
recipe cuz a lot easier than the recipe
I used last time I made it
I bought some tartar new soccer ball
even though we didn't bring any shoes to
the Sports Chalet I don't have any shoes
on we walked into the store and I was
embarrassed when I embarrass sunny and a
green salad
Wow just kick me the fall I'm a robot
has balls okay guys kicked it off
because with these deep the robot the
robot Eddie
yeah
good boy heavens to Murgatroid that's a
delicious dinner we got some asiago
chicken I don't know if that's what is
that catchy
Tarzan chicken parmesan what do you want
Cass Rock hurts and chicken he is a
chicken monster I saw him out the
chicken coop I thought you're the
chicken monster princes tartar you've
cut up his chicken because you're such a
good sister hey you guys know I did when
I wonder why you guys were at school
today
look what I did right here oh you look I
got you good
wait a minute ask me below your ways I
see that ow
who taught this ooh ah ha ha ha
hey no punching okay I'm looking at her
ah I caught you sister don't eat your
chicken your Cookie Monster look whoa
dude look at this look did you see look
oh you look okay
see see that got him you farted fart
monster
hello pretty very elegant dinner hmm
pungent Barton looks for Parmesan
chicken cool cover manners next week
Jerry Martin and Parmesan chicken mutton
and farm and Parmesan chicken that
sounds like the title of a video to me
mm-hmm oh stop watching me go sit down
just kiss me shot at me and you're not
gonna be able to sit at the table till
you get tea when you get jeez then we'll
invite you to the big people's table and
tell them you just sit in your little
sponge chair and play with your rings
the table see they bought that for him -
what is that oh that's fun I love the
high chair days high chair days are fun
until then you just have to be a
spectator to this dinner we don't like
breast feeders here yeah he does I'm
actually jealous Oh what is getting big
cuz I'm zooming in the lens comes out
when i zoom in whoa I'm zoomed to close
on your face are you dipping your bread
in your grape juice Rock turd
who are you I raised you better than
that
alright I'm time that's right i'ma eat
I'm going to eat that looks delicious do
you guys want to sneak peek two-hour
episode of America's Funniest Videos
there we are
the America's Funniest Videos crew sent
that picture to us that's me and Colette
on the show we want a free Tom Bergeron
head bobble doll bobble doll that's us
on stage coming out April 13th I can't
wait to see it I probably watch that TV
show longer than any other TV show of my
life AFV baby I can't wait to be on it
that's really cool I don't wanna be a
human anymore
I'm done
I don't wanna make mistakes anymore he's
one
I'm too old
take my heart only started please just
but I could guess that's it for human I
love it
you
