hi time for another adventure see the
babies excited he likes shopping not
really why we tried it quickly we need
to find bingo things because for scouts
tonight we're doing a little bingo game
oh yeah it's so cute it's just a little
stuffed puppy hey you want to show me
your glasses your glasses on it's got
blue lips cuz he had a Ring Pop and he's
got spider-man glasses you got to put
them on your head put them on okay I'll
just talk to them from it all you put
them on ready for the big reveal
ready yeah with that a velociraptor on
your shirt
show me that is so show me your dinosaur
mouth put your glasses on come on this
is a whole routine dude we got to get it
done now show me remember your elbows
show me with your elbows yeah remember
yet I've got to squeeze them together a
little bit more squeeze them together
there ya go
rah oh now you look amazing what do you
think about that I don't know Mom
someday you'll want a dinosaur shirt and
you want spider-man glasses but I'm
thankful that you just like sitting here
for now
just sitting here looking - okay as I
was saying we're looking for little
things that we can use to play bingo
with for the scouts and I was going to
do like some Easter candy but I was like
you know what they get too much sugar
already so we're trying to find like
some beads or something cool for that
bully plum told hell
hey wait turn your face dude you got
something on your face
good what's her name
some Hannah yeah Rosie - Hannah Hannah
whom had risen so we had really bad luck
trying to find the being go stuff that
we were trying to find anyways I said
trying to find twice anyway
now I said anyways three times uh-huh we
finally found what we needed for bingo
yeah I found these and I think it's
gonna be fun if I put little stickers on
them because you know how the Ninja
Turtles are coming out so I got some
Ninja Turtle stickers and I got these
for bingo like little things and yeah
the new Ninja Turtle movie I haven't
seen the trailer yet but I've heard it's
really super awesome but this was at the
dollar store only a dollar for these so
I bought a bunch of them to make single
little Jing oh I'm excited I wasn't
recording I'm recording now that was
really like you though thank you okay I
actually came running in here because
Princess hard came and told me that the
caterpillars are in there there we
thought it was a larva but it's not a
larva
okay there's a cocoon but that means
there Chris something there quit there's
a technical word for it that was getting
yesterday
oh is this I'm watching the caterpillar
oh that's pretty helpful don't hit the
caterpillars weirdo so there was three
of them that made it into the cocoons
but this one the one that's up there
crawling was on the ground still we were
like oh no is it dead but no he's just
getting slow he's like waiting for
everybody he's gonna be the last one so
as soon as they're in their little
things I'm gonna be able to put him in
the butterfly thing he's gonna be the
last one to turn it into a butterfly
yeah I have to make a grand entrance we
gotta go show them to death lessor in
our backyard you know we're not gonna
show my dead lizard buried it I know we
buried it
we painted your Crocs around we will
show them thank you to whoever got them
a butterfly packet hit thingy munch a
good huapi boo pop it was really sweet
and they are really enjoying it and I
love it and I think that I'm gonna buy
one every time why the noise once my
teacher got one for the whole
hold on your dad's being crazy and we
have to find out what's going on
he's crazy shed
huh are you being crazy what are you
doing
I'm changing my shirt this one's too
tight and so he needs to sit there while
I change my shirt I bought you that
shirt didn't I yeah but why did you buy
a skinny shirt or a fat guy piggy went
about it
ah ah maybe in a basket yeah it's a baby
in a basket this is what our children
they don't get in his face he likes it
he does like the other day was testing
his babysitting she said that he was
really fussy and as soon as all the kids
got really loud and in his face he was
happy after that see he likes you too he
know he's a tart already got some
glasses huh no it looks good on you
you're a bad guy hi grant would you oh
look you have spiders in your eyes I
want to squish this baby seal
okay Oh daddy's gonna void you it's a
baby baby baby baby baby baby oh baby oh
baby oh baby baby it's my baby that's my
baby
you want a baby out of baby here's the
baby's a baby babies everywhere that was
weird here we go what's he 701 do seven
don't do that to that leader comes one
too early for kind of a joke I do not
throw the babies really yeah she though
he's like ah look at him he doesn't hack
it normal just like cool want to see
something cool come on we have to see
that one cool the balancing baby oh is
it time to start to start the baby
tricks time to start the baby to it
exactly she's so good
I don't get you I'm gonna get you action
okay hello everybody I plan to finish
this tutorial since I haven't finished
yet so let's finish it today but this
you need maybe a pen will kind of work
for you but you need like this thing
that like set cars like that go in it
like hold it back then grab the thing
right here pull it up and put it on this
one
and then go to the next one go in here
go to the very bottom string pull it up
and put it on this one right and do that
all the way until we're up here okay you
guys hear the kind of abusive language
that che uses against his wife that that
is just redonk
I'm just I wouldn't even her about using
the word literally I love to think that
it gets funny at the very end you're
gonna move up here but not yet don't it
yet and snow you're going to do it on
this side you could do it on each side
and do the same exact thing we did on
this side but when we get in the middle
you want to go inside here and then do
it all right but remember sorry here and
then it will look like that but you want
to put this right there okay
but oh um so I'm gonna have to stir it
over because I just did this wait for me
one sec okay here we go
I fixed it all up as you can see and so
at the very bottom this was like
supposed to be like that and you're
gonna go right here
pick it up do that and then go under
here up and just keep doing that like
you did on this one okay there you go
and now you're going to go to the bottom
and it's open fifties it will look like
is this but that it's parked like that
so don't think it's wrong cuz you did
great okay now here we're gonna go in
the middle you're just gonna go in the
middle like that and then just like go
under it but this time you're going to
go under it pull it up and go right
there
this it's kind of different than the
others this one you're just taking the
one that's there see that one drive
string the air you're just gonna grab it
pull it out and then put on that side
that's all you're gonna do on this one
at the very top there's one more did it
the very top one two all right there we
go all the rows are finished now we're
going to go to the very very top and
this one right side over here we're
going to take it out we're going to put
that side on this so just like basically
moving it to this one so then you
wouldn't have any um up then take the
system out of this one and put it in at
the same place and now you're going to
get another rubber band maybe a wide one
let's put it okay look why don't I guess
you want to put the rubber band on here
sorry the camera just ran out of battery
and um so here we go
you got you got put that on and then
it's like goes to here now get another
rubber band it doesn't matter which
color unless you want to do a pattern
put it on like that don't get another
one put it on the other side and tell
you what as long as to fit so it can fit
around your wrist or if you're making a
necklace and then you're going to get a
sea
clip I hope I see clips in here so you
can't just do the like know it right
away
fees right away you need like three
things you need a ladder one of these
things spike you can use a c-clip and
buncha rubber bands so if you're
teaching anybody to make this that's
what Darrell need you're going to show
is this little hole right here you're
going to put this part through it and go
on the side and try to put this through
both these ones through the hole too and
as soon as that through the holes there
is your triple single stay you can put
it on your bracelet in your hand
boys and girls users made a triple
single and then there's a c-clip right
there thank you for watching this
tutorial thank you thank you for
watching and there's another tutorial I
did about make it to how to make a
single and I might do one a tutorial
about how to make a fishtail thanks for
watching bag okay I asked my mom what
would it does it thing is I'm not on
comments but I'm not in the comments but
leave and my dad's Twitter but um but
make a picture of if you if you made a
triple single put a picture by there's
Yukio die so go boy you guys you know I
always joke around about like my
favorite kid and you know picking my
favorite child I think you guys know
that when it comes to my two favorite
babies it's obvious I mean right it's
totally obvious you know that I wouldn't
love any other of my babies other than
these two babies
oh my golden babies I love my golden
babies whoa no that's cool like you guys
look like get it like
not impressed huh what do I got to get
three gold play buttons huh for you'll
be impressed and see how it is with you
anyway I just got my shaycarl shaytards
million subscriber play button so
exciting I really want an office where I
can hang these right hi hi Shay Carl go
play button you guys you do you see that
it's like some of these fingers were on
it I just want to drive me crazy I'm
gonna open up the glass and polish it
off is that weird
this one's all shiny I don't see any
like streaks on it but this one looks
like you can see fingerprints I don't
really have a lot of OCD tendencies but
that kind of drives me crazy and it's
inside like glass I really want to like
break it open and polish those
fingerprints off of there oh it's gonna
drive me nuts
alright that's cool and with the logo on
it that makes me feel happy it's so cool
accomplishments - oh yeah - feet and
okay that's one lol okay well I told you
our American vid is funniest videos oh
yeah all right I know oh hey hey well uh
yeah I only want you to wreck our way to
know hey hold on hold on whom I'm
holding on Lian Yu weather was good
tomorrow better go tell me that
so hurry the horn out here you're here
we're sorry okay
no no I mean I'm okay
okay oh my oh ah oh oh oh 100 hey where
are you ha ha ha ha all right hair all
right
oh right I mean you guys know what I'm
saying you give me I know you guys
understand what I'm trying to say click
on yesterday's vlog check out what's
under the feelin lucky button lid and
see what the Shaytards are doing one two
three four and five years ago on this
very day in history
so princess tart isn't actually home
right now but I think I'm gonna ask her
and it'll be in tomorrow's vlog I'm
gonna ask her if she lied about that
tutorial because in the footage I don't
think the battery died I think she just
didn't know how to finish it and I don't
know this and I don't want to accuse her
but I think she might have switched that
bracelet out for one that she had so
we'll get to the bottom of this I think
we might have a false bracelet rubber
band tutorial in our hands ladies and
gentlemen but we will find out tomorrow
stay tuned
