hi I'm login here want my trunks outside
we're debating why Logan's truck can't
go outside I don't want my new truck to
sit outside why this is the bottom line
you buy a truck you spend money on a
nice truck that's lift and big tires and
rims
yeah there's no mud in the airport
parking lot I'm going to take it mudding
and he won't take it off the biggest
thing is because I put a new DVD player
right here I want something to break my
window for you he won't let it he
doesn't want it to be in the rain
this one is truck fever is it by Katie
where is everybody going it's all there
if you want to drive joy water park the
rims off let me have involvement here in
drops you can afford a tarp here I got
your phone right here man here here go
was that in your testicular area yeah
I'm gonna buy you a car for Christmas
dude it's gonna make your truck like if
you go out buy a new truck you're not
gonna take it and let it sit an airport
for five days I'm not talking about that
I'm saying you didn't you told me you
don't want it to sit in the rain I want
to sit in the rain what is it true oh
you're right I bought a truck so I could
let it sit the rain that's what a team
that's right you just spent twenty five
hundred dollars on a system on a system
right Brad would be calling are you go
sit your truck in the garage if I had a
brand new car I wouldn't want that
sitting there a neither one is it your
money $2,500 system but you it doesn't
work in when it's raining because the
truck would have believed their garage
Logan it's not about the rain Oh
brothers breaking into we just got that
working out I'm vlogging and driving in
the parking lot
don't yell at me Casey Damascus ankles
are broken we had some intense
basketball oh we played one game Casey
why name who on Casey LeVier 1c ankles
are broken boys who is in the lead in
the second game all right
Logan's head to the airport he's sick of
hanging out this brother because this is
what happens when Logan's around we
don't have to think about our own trials
in life problems you see I point out
Logan's I believe the whistle
concentrate on
that's why we like with loaded a Logan
sign yes you home he told me he says I
have a girlfriend in the truck that I
really want to see what no I forgot to
validate my freaking card which one you
want to see more be honest what truck
your girlfriend which one you want to
see Morgan watch the vlog which one you
want to see more it's no gender day
you're not gonna be able to drive yeah
for a week dude I bet you even have a
date with where he invites Morgan over
to sit in the garage and listen to a
system is 2500 we have done that before
when I first got it happy says our shop
as day the kids get a day off of school
today princess Tara come explain why you
get a day off school Logan you've got a
hurry do you know why
just get in the shower I'll bring you
one what babe what really perfect
vlogging opportunity because I couldn't
find a charged battery for the camera
what did we miss the kids are outside
scooping up poop for this what was so
cute why don't we get was that your dead
lizard your friend done with this Troy
this is my drama and the coast if they
could bury it and this is sure so I was
upstairs getting ready and I could hear
them singing to the lizard what were
they singing oh yeah my child uh no see
they were having such a good moment I
were running through the house and I was
like ripping apart them battery cricket
Logan just get in the shower
honey we go mother him he needs a mother
well go get him a towel
I see cooking you got some warming in it
I know I'm gonna wash my hey go do it
we're talking about it
did you start washing it we'll get you a
towel yeah still it's Casey vlogging
wrong oh sorry guys gotta go Casey's
vlogging hey bro
really sorry to hear about your your
lizard very sad day did you bury it over
here right there what's the X for x
marks the spot
or is that a cross we're gonna lizard
did you guys give him a funeral proper
burial a send-off did anybody say words
in shedding a few tears she shouted a
few tears did she really
well she it looked like it was she
pretending probably but it was pretty
good did somebody say a prayer no only
pray you're saying to us that a few
words would you say thank you sorry for
a cat trying to capture your family and
stuff like that's all that was the word
you said Casey would you like to say a
few words for the wedding disease hazard
it's a lizard or two lizard that died
and it had a piano believe in barian
animals
I believe in consuming animals if you
killed it you eat it that's rule they
just found it though rescue bury that in
the red X
can't you tell Casey lives I'll say a
word Lizzie the lizard it you were a
good dessert
that's all you can say sad day man Lizzy
the lizard man dude Lizzy you remember
all the good times and a lot of good
times it's so hard this is gone way
Lizzy the blizzard we're glad you
weren't the baboon baby turns seeing no
no levy it's so hard to say goodbye
Logan come on you ready to go I'm ready
go okay I think baruk is about here okay
hey guys updates my life I'm making a
movie with these guys wait you already
knew that surprise whoops
yeah no spoilers but we're actually I
hate to even say anything's it's like
yeah yeah Shea we've heard that all
blade it's really happening we just met
with the producer who's actually singing
I don't she's a secret weapon I can't
show her secret weapon if somebody else
sees her they might try to steal her she
is like the VIP secret weapon of
vlogging mentary hmm that's gonna happen
is that we're making it happen and he's
got a plane to Canada and you know
August we hope you wrap it all together
the the schedule with what's who's going
to be wearing one and we still need to
do a few pick up interviews too so
anyways just stay tuned it's happening
love you Kay bye
oh wait I have a camera dude this is
what I'm doing today you guys I'm trying
to get that clean it's a lot of work but
Rach I wanted to show me something he
goes look mom he's got a sticker but Raj
heart has been playing with our
waterproof camera lately and he wants to
bought himself okay come and vlog it you
got it
is it on yeah okay let's see it oh good
did you push the record button try to
push that button right there no yeah
that button throw this one right here
you push that button oh I think you need
to charge the battery or doesn't have a
memory card that's okay you can blog
can you blog in
he's so proud like okay I'm blog him oh
thank you you're so cool kissed again oh
you're just gonna decorate your little
brother I am looking okay just make sure
he doesn't get in his mouth okay cuz you
don't want your child so cute ah
so proud look are you funny are you
being funny like your daddy he's being
so funny yeah like it's this big sigh
huh hey bro tard you're just part of the
family now you have to know this is what
happens this is what happens
buh-buh-buh oh brother
hello everybody I'm do you have cover of
first time in front as for the first
time in forever there'll be magic
there'll be fun for the first time in
forever I could be noticed by someone
and I know it's totally crazy to dream I
find relevant cuz for the first time in
forever I missed I got a chance
what yep
hello everyone today I'm going to do a
cover of first time in forever hope you
like it
the windows open so's that door I did I
did that anymore
no we owned a thousand salad plates for
years I've roamed these empty halls why
have a ballroom with no balls finally
they're opening up the gates w actual
real life people it won't be totally
strange why am I so ready for this
change hello everybody today I want to
do a tour of brighter girls room really
under string it at the end of my bed
okay so first of all I have my mare
huncles are on her bed and here's
meatloaf so I'm meatloaf I put like a
little rubber band around her to make
make a collar for America doll I made
her like a high point top of the bow on
when I got some shoes for her so let's
get her here pairs her bed just like the
soft layer it's just like you take it
off and it's like this folder blanket
and then she just sleeps right there and
right here she has some books and some
stickers and and here we got pretending
I come for her and there's certain kinds
of combs and here I have just a doll for
Becca and in here I just have her on
like shoes and her outfit and a hat
right there and right here I have her
perfume I don't really put her on her
but sometimes in here I put her on bows
and her stuff to do her hair here I
spray painted rocks golden and hot food
for the doggy meatloaf and I have a
butterfly garden right here but the cow
pillars are still growing so I like put
them on myself and um yeah so that's my
record record Audra hope you liked it
please subscribe and thank you for
watching bye oh and sorry I also forgot
to show this purse right here I have her
purse and inside she has her phone and a
pretty ring that she just fits in there
I don't know why and loop
there and thanks for watching sorry I
just had to put that my factory so we
were just thinking as we walked into
this restaurant with our one two three
four five six children it is very rare
to have this good hell who can keep
track well there goes honey you got to
get the hardiness of your lap or gonna
just have Harley here all the time
Carlene Kaylee laughs together it's a
very hearty laugh so we first moved to
Los Angeles whenever we take our three
kids out to dinner I always remember
feeling like cry somebody looking at us
it's like they have like three kids oh
my gosh well we walk in with one two
three four five six there's only six of
us right now and Kaylee is made oh yeah
okay Stephon
so we're thinking what do people think
when we walk in stop stop making baby
stop we got a few looks a few patrons of
this establishment as we walk in with
our seven children and Kaylee looking
round and in charge he's using the round
mound of rebound and that's Charles
Barkley are you troubled Barkley Kaylee
okay so what you do to your beer I
eliminated
nice sad day dude my hands fit better I
come in here to sing man yes so handsome
I said eyelashes look long without his
beard that's my look that soldier nation
coming through
does that seem good see walking in hey
hey hey oh all right we're getting red
balls oh goodness
the bunny's wound up little weather your
buddy Roberts name on that tire at
riddle little bunny foo foo little bunny
foo foo balls and put him in your mouth
ow
and so it's weekend ha ha ha we shall
sing he's appeared at me right now when
the moon is you're like the big pizza
pie that's amore
why that's a motive musing bro Ling so a
lot of you guys have seen us come to
this place in Venice Beach over the last
five years called Z and O's like the
letter C and the letter O I don't know
what it stands for
where's the menu D and o trattoria and I
don't know a trattoria but they sing and
drink and eat pasta is your American
relavant dog dancing shadow and it's
great ambience it's fun your kiss me yes
oh look Cantor is your Z here that's the
morning
the doll yeah like a big piece of pie
that's amore cheers that's the morning
yeah baby tired cheers for doll
here's hold your doll out yeah she said
to fat out loud but I don't find a line
I bought some buzz go go go go
but it girls go follow them but it
doesn't go come come
yeah I'm wrong give me you down she said
to buy a lamb but I think by no no I
don't like it says you've gotta buzz
because yeah bro turns like where's this
bubblegum I want some my mom said to
stay alive but I can stay alive I'm up I
keep trying us but you cuz you good
I choked on bubblegum enzyme stuff
bubblegum do you like that no idea okay
can yo it looks a little bit better are
you singing that because it's a Zuka
bazooka that way you are actually
producing sugar that's on this guy huh
alright okay let's go get him tell him
about trophy I'm give me Dan she said to
buy alone but I didn't find her life I
got some fuzzy cuz you go but you can
see how do you feel about this bro
tizzle these Zuka bags have like wheels
on them they're light up kick him go
fast see being scary but don't drop them
here don't drop in let's see if you can
scare me
did you make employment backups all
right time brush teeth go to bed today
was says our Shabbos days they didn't
have school congratulations to the
children yeah so the days over hey can
you tell them who says our Chavez is it
already happened we don't we have school
in the morning
yep last night we went to go get candy
because we watched a movie together as a
family and there's like two guys in line
at the convenience store worked and
there it was like 9:30 at night and
we're getting these kids candy and the
guys like they're gonna be up late and
we yeah they don't have school tomorrow
we have a movie night he's like another
school tomorrow I'm like yeah it says
our Chavez day and then Princess hard
began to drop some knowledge on who says
our Chavez is and why they celebrated
and the guy in line was like wow I'm
really impressed that she knows that I
don't even know a lot of adults that
know that and I'm like I have no idea
who he is anyway so easy quick to start
to boycott grapes because the farmers
needed more money because he only got
they only got one dollar 20 cents an
hour so um he told people to stop
purchasing grapes so um so the people
who just want to get so much money that
they'll learn to pay the farmers more
money so he he boycotted eaten he
actually didn't eat for like 36 days he
made himself die because he didn't eat
for 36 things I don't I mean I guess
that's a he was dedicated to the cause
but I think he shouldn't have killed
himself he basically starve to death
because he refused to eat and he didn't
for what
well yeah but do you think that he
should have like took his own life
shoulda ate the grapes instead well well
maybe he could have eaten something
maybe he could have like boycotted the
produce but it's like you know what if
she sees me don't show it we have a
family text gone
you can't put that in the vlog no you
can't see it Casey levere alright I'll
see you tomorrow
brush your teeth getting bed time to go
to sleep thank you to KJ our designs
dot-com you fix the end slate it looks
fantastic I'd like to give a big ole fat
sloppy muy mucho gracias to all you who
tune in every day to watch our vlogs it
really makes a big deal to us and I'm
sorry that we don't make vlogs on the
weekend anymore but the Monday through
Friday schedule it feels so nice like
this weekend we're hanging out you know
doing the Tough Mudder it was like I can
just relax today and be with the family
and you know just do this Tough Mudder
then on Sunday we all from church I'm
like man I'm just we're just gonna lay
down and watch a movie together it
wasn't like Oh hurry get the camera I
have to do one take Sunday I appreciate
you guys still supporting us with the
Monday through Friday schedule hey if
you haven't seen every shade to our vlog
just catch up on the weekends there's
like 1900 reruns you can watch so click
on them start with these right now if
you want to see what we were doing
exactly today one two three four or five
years ago click on those and it smile
it's Isis and of course if you missed
yesterday's vlog click on that previous
beauty right up there and we always have
something lucky a feeling lucky mystery
button that's me that's shape waitin I
was skinnier then if you're new to the
vlogs click on that subscribe button we
always appreciate a thumbs up leave us a
comment we read them see you guys
tomorrow
