all right really quick before we get
started on today's vlog as promised we
are going to do a when the kids go to
sleep but bring in the podcast back a
book club so you've heard me mention it
before links right here audible.com
slash Shaytards if you go sign up for a
30 day trial membership you get your
very first book for free
I just asked on Twitter which book we
should do and for some reason this one
stuck out to me I really want a
nonfiction book I love John Green I'm a
huge nerd fighter
I love the vlogbrothers and maybe we can
do one of John's books in the in the
future but I really have lately been
thinking about habits we are what we do
consecutively the things that we do
everyday or our habits that's who we are
that's the that's what makes you who you
are
the things that you do all the time your
habits so the very first book that we're
gonna download is the power of habit I'm
really excited to like delve into this
and you know kind of like ask myself
those questions like do I have some bad
habits or there's some things that I
want to do in my life that will like
help me become you know a better father
and husband and businessperson and
whatever so anyways that's the first
book in our book club if you want to
join go to audible.com slash Shaytards
you can download this book for free if
you get a trial membership and we're
gonna talk about it okay so let's do it
I'm going to start listening to it today
we will do the first video in one week
from now so every Monday we're do update
videos on the book club okay so if you
want to join the book club go to
audible.com slash Shaytards and get this
book the power of habit and we will
discuss it in one week's time on the
wind the kids go to sleep channel the
podcast channel okay we're bringing the
podcast back all right I'm excited okay
what are you doing you guys
she thinks she can do a slam dunk can
you let's see it yep just don't hit
anybody I bet you and I get into the
basketball Wow oh did you make it I made
it
oh yeah you got okay maybe dad what
are you gonna pick I told him make it
each get a ball or a little we're not
getting Pandey no that is not an option
okay stop throwing balls did you find
the ball no mom I got my plate look it's
got it I'm gonna eat it oh you can
whoa whoa I love this age when they like
grabbing their toys no don't throw it
we better get out of the store before
kitchen counter okay the calm before the
storm we are getting ready to tough
mudder it up okay guys oh that's a lot
of pressure
what if we're not first place will you
still love us maybe shoot Casey
princess art says if we don't get first
place they won't love us anymore I knew
they were into that
look what you did now Casey yeah about
to run a 12-mile obstacle course what
anything about that son tard I think I'm
pretty manly and subtly yeah that's what
I think for sure I mean just look at my
hair only 12 how many miles have you run
in your life
I got an attorney three no we're doing
12 26 is a marathon there's a lot of
high expectations around here I just
don't think I can meet up to him this is
stressful
all right here we go we're running
better shirts on bless Ron's heart II
wouldn't got all our shirts look at the
back is my name on it you see my name
there's my name say my name say my name
never ever dad never dipper do but what
insemination see my name what's that
song cuz I y'all can't say rock yeah bro
is that hey Kaylee
see oh let's make out let's see alright
so here's a tough mudder tip for you
days before the Tough Mudder don't rip a
giant hole in the middle of your hand
that's just a tough mudder tip for you
it hurts bad you kiss it better kiss
better Logan McKay you ready for this
thing getting ready oh you can handle it
or ii's huh yeah we all have to have our
IDs good I'll tell you one thing it's a
proven fact that if we can't handle it
then we won't be able to handle it so we
got a handle it dude I didn't even think
of that holy crap
seriously just blew my mind Logan tough
mudder tip number two before you get in
the toughest obstacle course known to
man you got to get your fingernails
painted pink okay all right I am ready
yeah just do the pinkies pinkies out
pinkies pinking out I'm gonna look so
tough out there on the course everybody
will be intimidated what are you man
enough to paint your fingernails pink I
don't think so
thank you lovely get down from there
what do you think you are
I'm just climb on top of vehicles get
down from here right now come here
you ready car car right before race
always give this like butterfly feeling
attack called nervousness rock turd have
you ever ran 12 miles before I like
you're sure it looks pops we picked this
color because we want to pop these are
good running shoes I hope they don't get
too ruined but they have good grip so
let's over go away that radio that
gription is that actually a term good
gription okay how about Pierre Cooper
it's graceful anxious I'm super nervous
at least Casey has a GoPro on I'm
excited for that here we go
Oh last hug look there's some shameless
fans over there they just got out of out
of the race like becomes a
I am
this girl in the blue shirts been
standing up there for literally 30
minutes
she is not not okay with jumping I want
that girl in the orange one of the
workers to push her in but she won't do
it come on you've been doing oh nice
nice toe touch oh my goodness
poor thing I think that I could jump
there but there are be other obstacles
that I'd be like there's no way I can do
that
yeah
oh not yet so call each other night now
article it was like way cooler than you
think kiss me okay if you want me to
hurt hair girl oh shoot they're getting
in trouble oh well that's what we do
daddy running into tough mudder oh thank
you it's like water bait nobody already
done what daddy goes jumped off that
huge play and over there no just stay
right here we have to stay together
there's eight of us you're right
ten there's eight children ten wow that
guy's in leg braces and so team members
are going to hold on to him and they're
jumping together
he's braver than I am there he goes nice
don't go yet don't go yeah yes daddy oh
he's going back now
see if there is a concealer oh my gosh
oh okay well the kiss are they're
joining the Tough Mudder now we have
paid for them all to be in the race as
they're just going to do by themselves
he's not gonna be a problem at all
you did a good job Fred good job you
guys even Ross charters in there he's
like what I know how to do this he just
squeezes through the middle that's an
obstacle I love it
I love it
okay we have our own shayloss spectator
team Matt Goss crystianna Gianna jelly
Brittany okay I don't know if you want
to be tonight yeah can I do the back of
your shirt I love this look happiness is
a choice in Disney writing with shaycarl
I love it and we just watched the guys
jump off of that thing they have 12
miles and 23 obstacles so we're going to
go get some snacks okay this is cool
this is called the Family Feud area
where you get to hold these like red
swingin balls the wrecking balls and you
get to try to hit your family members
and knock them off - a
Oh
sundered got me or no Casey patient hey
hey you guys are dumb mother give me one
of you I love you I love you bet you're
so cute beautiful my wife is you guys
just a little woman you look refreshed
okay this is a Where's Waldo
do you see our team
oh that's a treacherous Hill it was so
glad I'm not doing it kids all want to
sign the Tough Mudder wall give them all
a didn't run I got to school they're
tough as their dad you're doing it you
guys ready to get shot
good luck good luck Shay ooh you guys
got a link arms and try to go together
you look so awesome I trimmed in filling
a model a model bottle
I followed a model level okay go get our
goal film us getting shot oh my goodness
I've been nursing the baby guys and
Kayleigh and I decided that I'm I'm
doing the tough utter while they're
doing the Tough Mudder so bunny
behind them and even on the fall 1800s
guys you guys when you start well people
start and people getting there look at
her she's terrified cuz you stop let's
go
you stop come on she's gonna be fine
keep moving keep on going
I don't think other me and Steve we
actually did the Tough Mudder yeah yeah
tell you if it hit you I can hit us do
and be like freakin good around my neck
I heard it watching her like everyone
across campus
you guys are amazed I look over I was so
glad I was like I was just ducking under
the wires I'm like I'll eat this mud if
I can I don't wanna shock to you I got
my prizes you did a great job babe
I am crazy really in pain you're here
that makes it all worth it like a wet
dog yeah you do well I can tell you one
thing I'm glad I didn't do it it was
smart analyst way harder than I thought
it was gonna be
honestly well what's up buddy she forgot
my autograph we'll tell her to get back
here get my autograph sister are the
kids just loving it they're just been
playing oh my goodness they didn't love
it for a while
they're just about micro hungry oh they
won living here now with you know kids
all right that's a wrap on the Tough
Mudder carlier to that orange headband I
think she's a little bit tough drunk I
shouldn't even have a beer all these
people acting like they're dying they're
drinking beer I'm like all right honey
tell Steve it was hard man
there was so many hills like up and down
and up and down over and over that
compared to a two-hour weightlifting
session
just a lot different we got runner first
off the criteria one that was good to go
when I was like buzzing throw up guys
like old dance runners yeah I've never
ran longer Fremont alright alright you
know we got $1,000 mud bath yeah you did
yeah you did alright we'll see you guys
in the hotel Curly's all amped up ah man
it was fun it's tough I gotta sit on a
garbage bag so I'm still soaking wet I
don't want to say that that was as hard
as a marathon but in a different way it
might have been as hard as a marathon
like marathon is more like mental I
don't know it definitely wasn't as hard
as a marathon I guess because marathons
are just they're killer but it was it
was harder than I thought it was gonna
be definitely harder than I thought it
was gonna be especially like after
you've run nine miles and then you have
to jump over a 10-foot wall they have
like this like about a foot and a half
up there's like a little thing that you
can jump off of and I jumped off of it
and my calf just like just totally
cramped it's like I was like oh and I
was hanging on the walls like I was like
trying to stretch my calf on the wall
because it cramped up so bad but it was
fun man bless Colette's heart for
watching five kids Colette and Kaylee
win the MVP prizes of the day watching
seven kids eight oh my gosh
oh yeah Cooper right um and then also
shout out to Ron the team mom he was
riding around with a giant boot on he
has cameras he has a cooler he had
coconut waters and orange slices
hi I'm Ron wins the award for best dude
I think he was kind of sad the whole
time cuz he really wanted me want this
was his idea he's on the arm to do it go
tell Ron he is a freaking stud muffin
you guys go tweet him leave links below
go subscribe to Ron seriously like we're
at Mile a I was dying he brought Allison
Ron's there with the ice-cold coconut
water I'm like Oh bless your heart I was
like oh plus he's shooting he's filming
carrying the coolers Ron's the best
alright that's a wrap that's a wrap on
the top murder I mean funny joke you did
win well you guys were running the Tough
Mudder
being a tough uh tur haha Jojo love you
better where's the keys it was actually
games I don't where the keys are
oh I'm gonna get into you know I just
tired we're gonna go out to eat now all
right post tough mudder we're about to
eat a lot of food
hi I'm Ron hello she what happy in your
walk buddy
okay what's your name Jenna Jenna is a
big Shaytards viewer good to meet you
she got our autograph oh look you're
watching it right now nicely please the
blog the other day
I know that guy
I filmed that guy oh wait it's me good
to meet you guys
it's me all you guys for watching
Shaytards over there on their phone not
funny all right
right there yeah we're watching the
Shaytards on the closed-circuit
television I gave Gavin $5 go ask him
for some quarters there's a video game
play from here big shout out to hi I'm
Ron oh you're the guy that made it
possible that shout out to shred up your
dirt and sure has eyes by so much
electricity got out to my pinky finger
put the stirred our powers combined you
guys icers to hope you're hungry I just
saw the size of the party pizza there
strike dancer what do you want now you
want another autograph
actually who wrote arts he actually
can't write yet I know but with my mom
like him to like go to Santa and then
you guys can trace it I wanna do that
okay
don't even try it alright we're let's
see your shirt look boom that's what we
get that's a win-win tough Trotter oh
yeah here go me help you here I'll trace
it okay here we go
a handprint for the fans all right they
just called our number we're about to
see some monster pizzas these things are
huge I think we ordered too much what is
that you order that one I didn't say one
of the state of Virginia as a pizza how
Logan can you eat on that that is
maratti we embody we like why there's my
hand she told me she's like one with
those feet eight adults do we had three
of these things we're starving our eyes
were definitely bigger than our stomach
yeah I got a tongue with our appetizer
one of these is mine alright you better
get after it thank you is that one by
yourself it's one and it has all of our
45 minutes and try to finish it all
right sounds like a job and we got
breadsticks too cheese okay there's the
first one Bronwen eight it's two weeks
she's TV hey is there meat on the
margherita pizza
no okay we got a margarita for you no
meat vegetarians someone can't you ever
repeat the number three mother
Pizza Oh what is going on here all my
children are babies are swimming
oh that's a good one yeah hard
Oh my muff cutter that was I said it in
the video it really was it was a lot
harder than I thought it was gonna be
and I'm fat you guys wanted anybody tell
me I was getting fat yeah you know like
heavy weight like when you see yourself
from behind Ron sent me a bunch of
pictures and I got like the overhangs
man I admit it I'm gay I gained some
weight I have I have gained some chub
some flubber teach uh buddy but I am
running the no York City New York City
Marathon in November so I will slim
right up again because I'm gonna be
putting those miles on the road oh look
at the new heads like you guys like it I
don't know why it doesn't fit I don't
know the sizes isn't it sixteen by nine
it is a really good insight though I
love it it makes me happy it's
springtime our Lily Lily Ling time sweet
lovers love in the mud okay love you
guys
we um Kacie was wearing a GoPro the
first half of the race and then we
switch and I work for the second half of
the race plus John and Arthur and Ron
were all filming so we're gonna have a
huge shayloss video of the actual
experience of the Tough Mudder and
that'll be on the shayloss channel if
you want to go see us are like first and
only training run when Steve and Carly
and Logan all got into town we went on a
training run you guys go watch the
shayloss video of us hanging out it's
always a good time with the butter so
beans get together click on that feeling
lucky bucket of water to do for you
tomorrow
