mother trucker lemon I'm ready Carly
need to bring it down three notches tell
them we'll be there in a minute again
we're gonna be there in a minute
get your staff and get to the curb
that's good morning so we're going to
flip open right now just landed in LAX
and then you are well yes eminent KC and
Steven back here right rocket you know I
don't you know then we're gonna run the
tough butter though just made a funny
joke that's pretty much know that look
for the guy and they look for the really
good-looking guy that blue shirt I said
oh he said I'll be next to him good one
Logan that's pretty good what else we go
we actually don't have any rope for him
to fit in this truck
it's logy bear you ready to run this
race let's figure out where he's gonna
sit yeah you gotta be careful give you a
ball kick you're tall an ayah or a ball
win how tall are you Logan yeah I think
he's six to any stands true boy you
excited to see uncle OD bear big dog
uncle Carly people Carly all right it's
time to run I don't know if this is
actually gonna help us to run the day
before two days before I break your
bodies down yeah you don't can't go too
hard
forget the lungs open movie let's go to
a movie it's go to matinee I feel like
we catch a matinee well I think about it
we start to mentalize yeah something
motivating I got a wallet feed money
we're gonna get a juice and then we're
gonna go run on the beach to you know
get the team camaraderie together team
camaraderie everybody read a team name
Logan hey kid Monica can you take your
Rolex are y'all ready to blind the
competition like Joe oh you got a nice
night got some Argentine Silver's some
crystal from fossil incorporated tell me
twice
right there dude blow go be cake yeah
great that's a great looking shirt
from the beach what happens right crazy
beats fight so my videos gets to watch
it yeah I smoked it yourself a shout-out
yeah he's like a code more Club good
know you guys let's see your talk some
more is it your month
hello I'm a monkey and I like this Betty
mmm hi all right guys it's time for a
little car TLC today so my driver's side
mirror decided to poop out one day it
started to get really shaky and all of a
sudden it just like fell out and I
decided to fix it myself
with tape isn't that the most
professional job you've ever seen Google
so time to get it fixed
you want to see it look what did mommy
fixed it
don't you think that's a good enough fix
in
oh yeah you gotta fix it it's time it
doesn't work so swell okay can you show
me that trick you just did okay show me
your trick Wow
that's a good trick tell me the one
where your legs will just Oh what did
you hit a little curb we can't find his
helmet anywhere so I'm trying to make
him go really slow you might have to buy
a new one I'm pretty sure we left it in
Idaho it doesn't do us any good when
your helmets in Idaho yeah you like that
tree dude look at that it's like a windy
twisty tree you wanna climb when he
tried to climb it is a little bit too
hard when it doesn't have branches that
are low hey let's see your shirt do you
remember who gave that to you yeah who
gave that to you dad no dad no it starts
with a set and ends with an Allie you
just whisk it to me yeah
Cicely gave it to I don't think it was
actually for anything she just got it
for you because it was cute
oh yeah it was when the baby was born
that's when she got it for him so
adorable so these are basics about 15
feet apart that is a giant over
exaggeration they might be six feet
apart so I did it once before if the
camera was appalled Logan's got hops can
he little che Bharat
let's see ladies and gentlemen here he
goes and go nice nice job Loki bear
nice all the way okay who's next
can you do it Steve good professional
often mathlete there's a higher
requirement for this you can't get up
there
there you go swinging focus we have to
race on Saturday everyone I hope this
obstacles there cuz I got this one down
Samia Mario done hey Logan I guess for
the best I guess we're the chair I mean
the real champions here the dangers oh
you got it yeah
you can feel it dude when you win it all
they're actually called Velma fever
alright so we just got done with a six
mile run down on the beach now we're all
looking for matching shirts for the
Tough Mudder this Saturday we all want
to get like bright matching shirts and
then we're gonna take them to Rodeo
arcade and get all of our like logos put
on the shirts not a great idea
something bright like this oh yeah I'll
juice you like eat your enemies what
kind of color games are cupcakes mm-hmm
set your enemies that's my vision what
are you thinking I guess see something
got the same green yeah he's not seen
anything right down look at the brackets
no something low but he's guy
oh all right Casey show me our outfit
okay here we go okay get it together you
two put together you guys just put his
ensemble together Ron what do you think
about this ensemble I think that uh
Casey today's sporting it oh oh hi miss
that I visit okay and action beautiful
girl Jolly Rancher green apple
Logan put it on let's see this is what
we're going we're going bright green and
gray shorts imagine these girls that's
the outfit oh right in the green apples
got him right in the green apples
tomorrow that's what we're wearing
that's gonna be our team we're all
wearing the same look for us yep look
for this green gray green gray Carly's
looking for gray shorts over here I'm
gonna put this on I must go check those
out that's under armour yeah under
armour do you want have a sponsor oh
yeah you really should you should take a
look at our channels yeah Under Armour
check it out you find some great ones
Charlie you're the odd man out you're
the odd woman out
I just want where Pam just wear those
that's not happening ha ha ha ha
I thought you gotta find some gray
shorts are we going I didn't go to be
extra small they're all today oh you got
your smell ba ba ba ba bum
how does she say oh you do any what you
do we need to rip him off as we go out
onto the tunnel
sail off okay in that case she was on
the trail of it's so beautiful I love it
so much thank you
oh I like it
what's going on dude you guys you guys
not on a black party
what are you playing oh you're playing
the Kinect there you are hanging out
be nice to Ezekiel little boys hanging
out let me get a phone cuz this is a
such a good oh yeah not Jonas please
Jonas where you goes all over those big
paws husband cause you're heavy
something Crazy's goin on in here let's
go see what it is what are you guys
doing in here hold on
I think Rob card you get on it you guys
should both do it doctor okay Rob Cargil
anywhere baby TARDIS lie right there
rawr no no no will lay down over there
oh okay good good over okay ready
both you guys got the same one
okay one two three no you guys do in the
same time it's more wait Dave Atari
printer starts same time ready 1 2 3
that one I do what forget this okay
ready no little pop go 1 2 3 Oh
impressive I'm standing here in case she
comes over by this table you gotta be
careful we're gonna break your arm and I
think it's hilarious here's this tables
making me nervous right here retard are
you watching this are you supervising
our duty supervising baby in charge I
see
you are you guys have a boat jump so
close to him you guys are gonna headbutt
Butthead
all right / to start one more time let's
see you really get him flying
don't jump so close just jump right on
the edge Prentice her do that again okay
ready 1 2 3 ok let me do it watch out
watch out Rock card lay down you ready
you ready
well I don't see if I do it my foot
ready 1 you go again
you won't meet it you want me to do it
to the girls there you go I'm to jump
k-rock try recon film
okay come film daddy okay you guys ready
okay that's how okay thanks for showing
me how to do it brother
ready film okay okay cue dollar hey hey
hey you guys had the best one one more
time dad hello is that ready 1 2 3 will
you're in a jump too hard ready go oh my
goodness oh my goodness when we came
here I hear um in a really cool house
walking back and forth so I don't always
use my hands right I just don't know
what to do with my hands just so much
cool stuff here chillings what are you
doing
reading Jesus Oh Steve can you tell us
about this house this house I went on
Airbnb and Mimi and I put it in what I
wanted instead of paying two dollars for
a hotel it's one room in this area I
paid one hundred fifty five dollars for
a two-bedroom cool hipster house this is
our moon did I approve yeah that's cool
that's a seashell fun it's just it
what's more I don't know if that's what
these are used for but I couldn't resist
Steve cook I know if you guys know this
pretty cool guy he rented this beach
house out and we're kind of being a
beach house in it I guess we got the
whole family here go spy on him see
what's going on they're all gathered on
Shan Shan Colette and Kaylee and Carly
and Sun tarde they're all just gathered
being gathered we'll get a little
gathering room how hard is it to order a
pizza like seriously like these guys
these guys have been in there for like
40 minutes trying to order pizza
and I'm sitting out here being hungry
and I don't have to beat them so there's
that problem action yeah David sorry my
sisters sorry okay
huh all right
no violence anymore
I can't wait to be iron tonight big
animal potentially drink dedicated rage
I suddenly see him standing there
strange maybe put this whole thing
together so she gets a question yeah she
figured it wasn't like that is to get it
real to performance first time
yeah did you have fun playing with
Cooper today
do you love Cooper yeah what's this you
have money
just chilling here by your bed it's a
dime can you say a dime so dad I can't
buy crap with a dime maybe some
bubblegum can buy soon did I can't buy
some money I thought it was too ugly up
here I'm a bad father say dad I can't
buy diddly squat with a dime he said up
say diddly squat yeah I can't - well
with no dime daddy no use it up okay I
love you good night love you so much
say your prayers okay amen
that seems pretty rushed but I think
your heavenly father understands I love
you alright next night say okay buddy
let's go dad I'm get my desk oh damn
that's pretty good that's it I love you
oh oh you so much I'll see you tomorrow
okay okay okay okay
hey yeah thanks for cleaning your room
appreciate it
even though you need to do a little
vacuuming what are you looking at Mickey
who remembers where I got this trivia
Shaytards trivia you do how do you know
cuz you were there where do we get it
can I tell ya of course but the intern
you win shake our tribute don't flinch
then it looks like I beat you I love you
- call me whoa don't flinch because then
people think that I beat you I'm a
flange blanket you're a fan which
blanket oh because mommy tard one time
put him to bed and said this is like a
sandwich
are you a sandwich baby put me to lay
put you to bed what no he's a knight
from Japan oh yeah you're a good brother
yes
trade hearts trivia 400 points Brett the
in turn gave that to me because in one
vlog we went to Disneyland and we stayed
at this hotel and that exact same
picture was hanging in the hotel and I
was like I like that it's like this
retro Mickey Mouse Walt Disney like pain
and it's huge - it's like almost 4 feet
tall and I said in the vlog I said I
love that I want to find out where I get
one of those
Brett very thoughtful bought it for me
for my birthday who remembers the vlog
go watch it
thanks Brett the intern it means even
that much more now because of recent
news right we will keep that forever
that's really cool alright can I love
you guys see in the morning Oh what do
you think you're doing you think you're
gonna come and be in the party ok see
Amaro all that and slate doesn't fit but
I like it that was a very thoughtful I'd
say look at all the kisses oh that's so
sweet that's what it is all about family
the relationships with the people you
build your life with so grateful to be
with my family all the time just to be
able to have this job to be with my wife
and kids and I love it when my brothers
and sisters are all around me no just
gotta get mom and dad to move out to Los
Angeles mom dad you guys wanna move to
Los Angeles maybe we should just all
move back to Idaho I don't know I just
love me with my family so I'm excited
for the brothers and sisters to be here
we are running the Tough Mudder this
Saturday it's in San Bernardino I think
I think it's in San Bernardino click on
yesterday's vlog click on the feeling
lucky button and see who I was kissing
one two three four and five years ago
today love you guys have a great weekend
I'll see you on Monday unless I see you
on Saturday at the Tough Mudder
