hi I'm logged in here alright good
morning come on who is shocked oma
Friday you do okay let's go for a tow
for you all right
come on hello good morning I'm exhausted
and tired and okay let's have a great
day
this oughta get it started right slice
it and dice it any way you like it it's
old
Oh
so am I allowed to vlog while I'm
driving if I'm stopped at a stoplight is
that okay cuz I'm just sitting here you
know just chillin her to stoplight do
you I think that's okay that I can vlog
while I'm sitting here
I mean the goal I mean the globby the
point is not that I can't blogging it
just like gotta be careful you know I
don't wanna be vlogging when the kids
are in the car
not that it's like I can never touch the
camera I'm in the car you know okay Zeke
Zeke asking shots today hey sorry buddy
are you dad you have to get to shot he's
tough though he won't cry like a baby
all right you bet go come here sit down
come here sit Zeke
sit see how well-behaved he is sick Zeke
we're come here nope not at well now I'm
a horrible pet owner yeah good boy
Congrats put your leash on come on
you excited he's excited he can't stand
himself good boy okay let's put your
leash on oh he loves this oh he loves
this or so many smells so many things to
look at everybody loves him here too
come on
no pee and I ain't cleaning up your pee
your Mountain Dew giant-sized urination
puddle
oh boy 120 not got it
126 want anything 126 good boy all right
errand 1 finished it's 8:30 a.m. now I'm
headed to although I'm walked in they're
not even open hi can you let me out of
this door
I gotta go exercise now with my brother
thank you appreciate it
you too see you later okay we're gonna
go meet KC and Ron right now to go
exercise at the gym we got the Tough
Mudder this weekend you guys and I'm not
gonna lie to you because I like to be
honest I am NOT ready for this thing it
is gonna be a painful experience for
sure hey little bug hey you got your
seat Baha whoa careful dude
it's crazy today is one of those days
where I've been cleaning out the carb
and fixing dinner and it just feels like
a good day because I'm getting stuff
done I'm actually making dinner because
we've been traveling and so we've been
eating out a lot and it's just like wow
today is a good day I'm feeling good I
think that when you're stressed about
things going on in your life which I've
been feeling a little overwhelmed with
all the events that have been happening
I think it's good to just like chill and
clean like do something that doesn't
take a lot of like thinking oh so I can
just clean and sort of like ah refresh
anyways that's what I'm doing today and
it feels great and you're not helping
are you you're just vomiting on things
and pooping everywhere but that's what
babies do they're so cute good thing
things are you work long enough yeah
work long enough can I see some kind of
results time and pressure guys subtle
chair they're talking about that's my
saying I've been saying all my life is
time and pressure what does it mean this
means
I can't push this door open right now
right right
okay give it time and I just applied
pressure ever let up just keep pushing
could eventually whoa don't worry little
bit through doors open and you jump
through that door like this walk okay
okay and then you're outside
congratulations dude I'm proud of you
she does a great life giving a TED talk
next week okay can't wait to see Ron you
think you can get outside too if you
apply those same principles wait wait oh
I don't know if it's nor 4:00 on
Wednesday so I take some people longer
you guys just never give just don't give
up that tell you that only works if you
don't have if you have dumb hands dumb
hands there's a big smile you know my
numbers alright we're going to work out
type of pressure baby type of pressure
and then we win ham in the gym well
listen between the King got big muscles
bye I love you see you later
hey I'll see you later okay okay we'd be
a good way for mom okay
what are you playing playing games what
is that game what sighs I mommy's phone
yeah okay bye I love you okay gimme kiss
get this would you find you baby do you
think you're doing in here
Hey yeah that's my buddy that's my buddy
it's always like a half-smile turned
into a full grin then he gets back get
the basketball in a tree thank you thank
you
he's like awesome I always like always
jugs daddy
I love you so much okay bye I love you
going to make a movie going to meet with
Cory by Dell right now my friend aka the
director that's helping me make a movie
now that like the five years of vlogs
and like my birthday and like the selves
maker is all like done and the baby has
had we can really focus on making the
movie so that's my goal for this year is
to get this movie finished but I'm glad
that we aren't done with it yet because
there's so much a part of the story that
needs to be involved like the cell of
maker and a lot of stuff so I'm going to
meet with Cory right now at the YouTube
space
what miniseries okay I'm headed to the
YouTube space let's go
hey bro thanks for all you've done for
my life it's been quite the journey man
little thing called YouTube who would
have ever thought beloved I love you too
I love you oh tube to the other day when
the announcement that Disney bought
maker went live Chad Hurley the founder
one of the cofounders of YouTube tweeted
me and Qasim and Lisa and said congrats
um you know some some some some cool and
then kasib sweeten up and said thank you
Father
that's how I fill seriously with YouTube
and Chad Hurley and Steve chin these
people that started this thing that have
given me so much I do I feel like I will
internally be indebted to them forever
be grateful thank you Father YouTube
alright let's go find Cory by Dale Cory
bad pal you were here Cory bye-bye where
you where is one will see a helicopter
let's go see a helicopter and Cory by
Dell Prague card just Logan here
is Logan here say no mom he isn't then
why does it smell like him why does it
smell like him it tastes like spray
okay so Logan left some of his Cologne
here when he was staying here for a
while like a long time ago
rock hard found it in the bathroom up in
the cupboard piss and I'm just like
going to doesn't like what does it smell
it's super strong I don't know how many
spray sea spray to this but rock-hard
smells invigorating that's all say he's
like whoa definitely got too much
cologne on dude are you trying to be
nice and smelly for the lady okay I
think it's time you guys help clean up
look that goes in the kitchen
that goes in the kitchen where does that
go huh huh hozuki Tartabull hi what
it's a Girl Scout a not Girl Scout well
go put it in the garbage K um yeah there
I am at the YouTube space playing on the
big screen I got my socks on I got my
socks on awesome helicopter Cory bye now
helicopter corey vidal not like on our
quarry by now we're gonna helicopter now
to a helicopter corey vidal that's for
you baby how many times has this I mean
you probably actually remember you're
sitting right here you met Matt Damon
good old Matt David you guys remember
that or I was I was saying you know Matt
Damon you said her hair dude I may be
one of the most food
the most nervous sighs maybe that I've
ever been is before I'm standing here
that I can you ready there's like 30
people out here all heat dinner and then
I came at neighbors come out I'm like
what am I going to say I had not fled
anything another thing I seriously you
can see like in the cut like right
before the guy does the slightest like
Shay baller Matt Damon click I'm sitting
there like cleaning off the lens of my
flip camera thinking what in the hell am
I gonna say I had no idea that it just
like it work it sees Shay Butler scene
one take one
check it out here he is the co-founder
of water.org
have you ever vlog before no never held
the camera so I'm gonna give him his
Pioneer this is your Neil Armstrong
vlogging moment about to take one small
step for vloggers anyway I think was
posing as Corey are you ready to make
this booty we've been making it I'm
ready to finish making this movie though
I would love nothing more than to finish
making this I told Corey like this is
the number one priority for me for the
rest of 2014 is to finish vlog you
mentoree and we actually just had a
great meeting we have a very important
dinner appointment tomorrow night with a
very special somebody that's gonna help
us get this movie finished you should
tell them that we have been working on
this regularly and often for since
VidCon so what anything before that yeah
exactly every like I hate red tape I
hate fine details oh you have to do
diligence when you're making with me so
we did we did the production first yeah
we got like God the indigo we raised the
end equipment and we immediately for
production plots from God then shot it
then was like okay pre-production
alright let's get ready to make it like
six months on that before we actually
did all the right that's true yeah
and we and we're still filming like we
just shot shots we got some great
interviews at playlist live I can say
that
like a day before it broke me yep and as
opposed to the film because I don't
shave later and said okay tell us what
that is he think he would speak in
Passavant it wasn't happening right then
yeah the enzyme you know that's - at
present yes if we were there guess what
just happened yep yeah I got chills do
as cool people I did I got emotional I
got emotional you'll see you guys it's
good until we're gonna make that it's
good it's gonna happen my new priority
for 2014
getting vlog you mentoree finish oh my
goodness such a diva and mukashi sauce
it's written stuff mmm
she's putting on a show you guys you got
to know that she's like okay you're
gonna feel mom okay I'm ready yeah and
you guys were at the grocery store you
were gonna hurt somebody I told you our
farms light are bleep with that again
our battery light is blinking which
means you guys could come up at any
second if you get caught off I swear it
wasn't and there atop the spires Moroni
blew his trumpet to the eastern skies
here are at the Los Angeles temple on
the beautiful grounds there's palm trees
oh my is that a lovely collect bird we
see I love bird spotting this time of
year she is such a lovely specimen her
feathers are very fine this afternoon a
little quiet dignity sister Butler suck
your gut in ha ha ha no you're beautiful
and I love you alright we're going to
the temple it is so pretty here the
grounds are immaculately kept now it's
hard to say immaculately kept press I
that 5 times fast thank you let me Kent
okay you stand drunk sorry Kate I love
you I lied I have another camera in my
pocket look at how pretty this is
ah man the wind the wind
oh it just drives me crazy I got to get
a camera with a wind cover oh when I'm
editing I'm like I'm gonna leave this in
with that wind is driving me crazy
Oh what is the point of wind remind me
again helps provide like wind power
it blows dandelions oh man I hate the
wind wind this is a windy insulate ji
yesterday is low clicking they're
feeling lucky but the same with the
shade thousand oh one two three four and
five years ago - duh sucka say tomorrow
yeah
