okay next Oh the Carly walk it's the
parsifal say hi to Carly alright we're
not doing something cool like I bet
nice do it again okay son transmitted
yeah this would be a first
you got go squeeze your butt dude
squeeze your butt ready
hold on this baby guards turn
the belly-flop waters like bathtub water
there le
nice or have no water no what do we do I
know if your bucket list I'm not kidding
literally is on your bucket list
I hear that said a lot lately literally
kidding it's written down it's lit where
is your bucket
go get your bucket you actually have a
bucket with a list in it no well that's
not a true bucket I want you to go home
and go to Home Depot get one of those
5-gallon orange buckets and then put
your list in it and then it'll be a real
bucket list got it that makes sense
alright this is Ellie we are literally
on her bucket list get met are we on
your bucket list yeah I pretty much know
that was a lie I think so oh you cross
that off of your bucket list and she
broke her arm if you jump in the pool
right now
I won't edit this part out haha
is it really on your bucket list how bad
do you want it Ellie don't make excuses
if you really want it you jump on that
pool right now alright it's gonna beat
you guys right this is a time to shine
you guys ready we're headed to our meet
and greet rock charred ready to sign
some autographs and meet some people
yeah okay buddy let's do this ramp off
how many pictures you gonna take how
many selfies you're gonna get what
teenage girls dead uh no none this
goatee needs to shine my dad was at the
pool yesterday and a bunch of people
were like super intimidated by my dad
kids are all there and nobody would come
up and talk to him cuz my dad was there
he's our security guard well yeah you
know what we're about to do hi how's it
going nice shirt hi guys good to meet
you selfie selfie selfie
got a hurry we gotta head to our meet
and greet right now we're late hello
Rock chart says we're gonna get some
presents
you know hum buddy some guys
all right here we are for Meetup okay
next oh it's the karlie walk it's a
carpool say hi to Carly look what you're
doing you're teaching the children of
this generation to walk like weirdos
look at that's funny she'll love that
here we are with Catherine she watches
every single day and these guys do you
watch every single day
yes all right just pull out the camera
you get a loud whoo every time you
should see rock card over there he has
like presents galore we were coming in I
go what are we going to do Rock party
let's get presents so he knows he knows
exactly why we're here we're gonna
picture hey where's although you can be
on Facebook I'll be on Facebook playlist
live go to the Facebook you can see all
of our pictures with all these people
this guy's taking a picture with
everybody
guys look I'm vlogging what's your name
Kate Kate Kate has a flip cam and it
really honestly like makes me nostalgic
because I miss blogging I'm with one of
these I know it's been powered when you
switch to this new carrier meant that
long on but it just feels like I've
missed the flip I prefer the flip okay
we're vlogging in the room yeah because
I I have been watching you for more than
six years no I used to call in to see
103 going way too nervous to be like I'm
a fan but I just call in there's one
video where I tried to win the top a
today no like in the video you did you
didn't let me win I didn't get ruin the
show because you were from Idaho huh no
otherwise I call it in and the song was
like sexy can I arrange it yeah before
you actually played it and you cheated
Dorothy where are you from then
dude that's cool : and do auto through
walking by my dorm building when you
were in Boston no I was like with
Charles
that's hilarious you there she's been
watching probably longer than almost any
of you
I mean well who's been watching since C
103 up top and seen okay you know have
to cry anymore you do stuff that was a
good nice shirt your concern princess
Todd she's got your shirt on let's go
your shirt on with g'day via love it
how's it going Oh My heavens who we are
saved it saved it here our with Abbey
Road and here's what I love I love when
I find people who watch together the
Shaytards out of the family so her
brother Trevor introduced us her to our
videos thanks Trevor I mean the best
there's your mom she says you're gonna
get a raise in your allowance and Trevor
your son yes okay how much does he get
paid for allowance I want you to double
it alright she's like I'm not paying
that brat anything that's why you didn't
get to come to playlist Trevor no just
kidding I don't know I don't know I'm
just like alright good to meet you
alright these guys wanted to do it
they've been waiting to wait how long
five hours later she's wrote it on her
head I'm ready I love you Kayla who's
Kayla my best friend oh and she's not
going to you in the vlog oh yeah alright
you guys waited forever alright you're
on the blog yeah Here I am
with 101 dark monkey what's up these
guys and their brothers they're funny
these two kids really make some funny
videos they made a video what was it
called where you fall over on your shirt
the raccoon reaction whenever you guys
like call the Rec oh yeah yeah that's
right I check them out you guys go
subscribe one on one dark monkey I don't
know what that means but their monkey is
hard things you know you don't know
either sorry
don't know how did you start the channel
then like what was with our friend and
he was like pressuring us he's like me
keeping this name mr. dark monkey 1 on
that one
all right Logan smarter than me so
there's a lot of people that come in
this little place on plants and they
always feel like we're so special
because they want our signatures not
sure we want to do that especially this
last you day you know I did last YouTube
with the poster got lost so this year we
did it on a high quality Rose check it
out Logan had everybody that came to our
meetup signed this poster boom so
everybody that came today signed we
definitely have got oh yeah you guys got
to sign up come sign this is the last of
everybody we're gonna frame this she's
like oh that's a good idea Logan look
even though good job Logue I guess
you're not so bad after all
dude I was trying to hook you up with
lots of girls today no there's lots of
females dingers
come on what Tiggers oh you're beautiful
I love you thanks for waiting for me no
I was thinking of leaving all right it's
a wrap on the Meetup about six hours
licorice I know he's an Albertan well
lots of presents just got done it was
awesome alright here we are at dinner
okay so who remembers the very first
time we ever gave rock-hard who is
asleep on my lap lemon remember is
reaction it's just hilarious to torture
babies with really super sour citrus in
their mouth or hides and brutal let's do
it okay here we go
it looks like an old grandpa here one
more he looks like he just came alive it
took a few seconds word to drop it's
like what you do to the uncle Logan
why'd you do that
he's still experiencing it whoa did you
hear I glow that was exciting
your laugh is funny she goes Wow uncle
Olli what was that yes he liked it he
seriously different one more give one
more shot ease it step out fast
these guys are cracking up oh okay no oh
it's too much why are you doing that to
me okay okay I thought I took all the
sheets I think all the see stop
torturing the baby you can pull it in
your own mouth they have a jar you want
to try one okay eat 11 no try it in your
own mouth care let's see how you react
go for the bond Logan's going to give
you a do it for the vine
everybody that's part of the initiation
into the family yeah see the lemon okay
dad and that's how you torture a baby do
it for watching March Madness eatin
pizza where we are word of local place
here in Orlando it's really good man
this is delicious good sandwiches my
Caesar salad was really good chicken
alfredo well I'm stuffed that's half of
it I ate half of it oh boy I love maker
studios
no I'm saying yeah sure whatever you
want I was gonna say like yeah you can
get whatever you want you know it's like
we're part of Disney now isn't that
crazy how ironic it is that we are here
shopping through the Disney Store with
recent news it's really good lighting in
here - I wanted to vlog in here because
the lighting was really good
can you tell do I look really handsome
in my peach shirt is this peach babe
just salmon what am I wearing here I'd
say a light orange a light orange not
salmon it's too orange to be salmon No
No maybe salmon but it's not this the
mothers of Yuka's salmon we got look at
the way that's a beer opener yeah buy it
for your kindergarten friend look that
that's what you opened up your bottle
opener a bottle opener does daily have a
six pack a day problem she drink a lot
of Bud Light it could be a daiquiri
give me a decoration dad everything has
to do with alcohol good it's a bottle
opener what are you giving me crabs or
talking about being in here knowing the
current news about Walt Disney I'm a
little bit in this phase
what phase is that wha-at mixed emotions
lots of emotions look good next to me I
just don't even know how to express them
it's like excitement and the nervousness
and like how is this gonna change our
lives even more because our lives you
just gonna change a little bit the
better bit I mean things change is
always good I feel like but the only
thing constant is changed and it's true
our baby so bad we're walking away from
our baby right now I just you know your
brooch art look at it it's successful
because it's so cute hey buddy come on
me and mom are just walking down
nostalgic Lane let me cool with that
I'll just hang out here with Mickey mom
no big deal you get whatever you want
really good sure he really did have that
look like wait where you going
Boggan go pick up your nephew why just
lean him just sit there Bing it like a
jerk of course with us I think yeah oh
that's heavy
come here the food's heavier than it
should Wow okay show us where did you
find it where did you find this shelf oh
yeah they look like real shells that we
gonna get I told the kids that can all
pick out one present whoa look at that -
well that's sweet of you alright go find
something oh my goodness that's crazy
put your eyes in there dude
that's really crazy holy crap dude
that's Florida Gator hit there hey your
 nose hold on here this
careful
ah hey really been scary do you're
supposed to stay right there you missed
it bro
not really no that is real that's a real
alligator head oh you smell that yeah
that smells like when we went hunting
with Casey you'll here hold that I don't
know it's a real alligator hold it up
that thing's she gonna pop that thing
this would be my party hat if I everyone
together
that is a real alligator head holy crap
I can feel it's like rock guard muscle
in the way look at this
well there's your rockers whoa hmm what
do you think about that not crazy that's
crazy it's a real alligator yeah so mom
how do you feel about being in the
Disney Store in light of the current
news I was thinking maybe we could get
these for half off do you think we could
why cuz there's a bomb maker yes nothing
that's how it works I don't think you
just walk up and be like yeah you guys
bought our company we get to have a
discount on your merchandise how about
put in that cell it should be a pass
that takes you the front online actually
I think we really do get one of those
okay yeah yeah I don't know I don't know
what I can say or not it's very exciting
very exciting we'll talk more about it
but it's still like yeah that's not it's
not real yet you know but very exciting
stuff well if you guys have not yet
heard we sold the company that we moved
out here about four and a half years ago
to start maker studios was acquired by
the Walt Disney Company
now listen I don't want a lot of rumors
started that we have 500 million dollars
that is not true we get a fraction of
that Time Warner and other people
invested like 70 million dollars in the
maker studios we definitely do not get
anywhere near 500 million not even
anywhere near 50 million so don't you
know start ridiculous rumors we're still
gonna make youtube videos this is what
we love this is what we started out
doing because we loved it that's what
we're gonna stick with because we do
what we love but if you do what you love
you're kind of
of it and they're just gonna be happy
cuz you love what you do cuz you love it
you know say yeah alright I'll click on
yesterday's vlog we did a Q&A with
Kassim Gryba Kassem G and then click on
that fill lucky button and see what we
were doing 1 2 3 4 and 5 years ago
that's the cool thing we can go back to
five years ago and watch the whole
process of us deciding to move to Los
Angeles deciding to start this crazy
YouTube business and coming back five
years later or Walt Disney bought the
business that we started it's so awesome
to be able to watch that whole process
never give up you guys all the cliches
the cliches are a cliché for a reason
do what you love find something that you
believe in it and never quit never stop
keep doing it five years of doing this
every single day do something you love
every single day and eventually you will
have major success I promise you it
works just don't quit it might take you
ten years it might take you 15 years the
question is are you willing to put in
the time it takes to have a dream come
true we did and I'm so grateful for it
and I love you guys and so so grateful
for all of you that have been on this
journey if you started listening back in
the days when I was a radio DJ at Idaho
at Z 103 - if you started watching our
videos a day ago we are grateful for all
of you so much and we're gonna keep
going on this journey we're not going
nowhere you can't get rid of us Internet
we're here forever
