hi I'm logging here hate you hate the
youtube.com slash me ah okay hey guys
we're leaving right now we're getting
all packed up but first we have a little
collaboration what's gonna happen with
the girls so what I'm gonna do today is
I'm just gonna leave the clip of our Q&A
we ate some cues yesterday at playlist
live it was a blast we got to pack up
and fly six hours back to Los Angeles
Louise is here all you look lovely I
love your hair matching your skirt it
was just for you I was a fashion man
that's what I would say you want your
pink hair to match your pink skirt and I
have a fashion that if I'm known for one
thing it's being a fashion is what you
do to my baby Logan we're hurting the
baby
maybe Alfred I said babysit yes okay so
this is the Q&A from yesterday at
playlist live and then I'll have a
huge-mongous playlist live vlog for
tomorrow okay and we had a blast here's
the Caribe Royale my mom said bye say
bye to playlist live okay go to the Q&A
with Kassem G in the family hey dad dad
can you do the robot real quick
everybody wants to see the robot and
there's my dad doing the robot very
excited everyday when I go my findings
for the insight one two three on the
floor I just scroll through those
thumbnails inside and those are some
good times
only better traffic on them you guys
won't make youtube videos hit hey you
kids
yes yeah we're gonna get rid of so lets
you take some poisons all right I'm
going to take
okay you and blue yes you yeah and
driving question I would say that I'm
good are they gonna be any more children
no I'm fine
the balance for this or what for all the
way the Brady Bunch effect so I figure
you know we had one more that was just
yeah I feel like we're dumb to let feel
so there's another girl out there
program you filthy
yes there are adoption papers in the
back building out more lawyers will have
a look at all right next question is
over in the Sun are you and I can't
telephone again okay sweater how many
hours of sleep again I with this family
I can get a good seven solid hours
that's a good night for us but mommy
cart is champion she I hate to admit
this over she waits the kids up every
morning to be ready for school I'm
usually night out I'm usually trying to
edit it this is vlog ready for the next
day but I set a goal to try to be in bed
by 11:00 it's around one o'clock i well
here's a question this man how's it
going since you've done you're done five
days a week do you find that extra day
or twos
it's so nice well it's just like you
know I have the aqua ears no I'd let her
to vlog yesterday but I wasn't supposed
to and we got yelled out in the comments
like they comment like right before go
to bed less and I was like oh I see how
this you just lied to all your
viewers that dress on you which my name
is Cynthia you it was a hyperlink six
club night
yes young lady and resources okay was it
weird this is pretty kids
is it weird when daddy started vlogging
everyday or the camera are listening you
did you already know he was weird yeah
you guys have turned out to be a little
actors you know do you think that's
helped you better be more comfortable
around the camera stuff like that yeah
last year at this and I was Eddie's ma
his first singing performance yeah we
gonna have a Taylor Swift rendition last
year I was so actually shocked by lupus
that she did that because she's so shy
but you guys probably saw the new frozen
cover it just hit a million dreams that
was for you so this morning I told any
time I was looking at my clients and
things are guess what your broken cover
just out of million views and then I
don't then eight is like good job just
like me it's an actually again yours has
two million and then any thoughts is
that more than behind them like yeah two
million more than one them like Joseph
everybody watched my videos that we're
running really
everybody watch my video and then cool
that's like it's not a contest that's
exactly what youtuber Juniors won banks
yeah booger what's the hard part about
documenting everyday life besides the
you know no sleep that's a good question
the heart I mean we're so used to it now
it's like we've been doing it every day
for five years I mean all of his life
all of his life almost all of her life
so it's such a normal thing it I think
it's actually when we went to the
five-day schedule it was harder not to
do a daily vlog than to do one because
you do something every day for five
years it's like a habit you know like
brushing your teeth brush your teeth
every day right this area here let me
tell he kissed in the lips yesterday
hope you got your teeth
that was pretty pissed I'm just gonna
say it's Parker Shea not to blog they're
up for Saturday that you didn't have to
do it if you look to me them we should
do oh yeah you couldn't even just go day
yeah well they were know why I gotta
show this
another question you um you favorite
part of playing someone who I can get CJ
ocean faxing wow the kids love the pool
that you guys know you watch our videos
at all any time we go to a hotel that's
the first thing dangle climb it's like
they love swimming a little fish I mean
every day yesterday was so awesome we
were there for all six hours and plus
the kids aren't they sat down the entire
time and took pictures inside autographs
you know there was a new present with
every person that came through the line
so that we're going into the meetup I
was vlogging around are you here to see
us one day I said we're we going to go
get the presents yeah you go over here
okay your favorite memory I still the
water
that's a classic that's top man it's
like you know that walks are like my
children eat YouTube favorite trial
there's so many good ones but I mean a
copy to the merits of the two youngest
are amazing but once it's a program
particularly first moved to Los Angeles
you will try to find a movie theater to
go watch a movie every family from here
in Hollywood just randomly were like who
else games expensive but I said like a
whole performance and we're just are
gone on stage we did this little dance
remember feeling like it was such a
magical night for us it was the first
night we were in a life represented like
action you know the geography of Los
Angeles we moved to Venice Beach and I
believe hype I just got an iPhone I
searched theater on my iPhone we're
driving like 30 miles down the hall
you're from El Capitan fear and I went
to my technics is like that only 112
dollars for a movie like we're not gonna
last long here in LA but then you guys
remember the block for that
so my question for Gavin is do you
regret not going up on stage now because
they asked for the kids in the audience
lumps on stage to dance and for the
movie we saw moving up and gathers like
no no but then you watch the lot ladies
like Eddie totally never lonely it's
like I wish I was at one stage because
their day is Dancing with these brothels
or dabblers jealous
let's get logical I right okay six
million years later he learned
incredibly hey we gotta give props to
Brett the intern for that we were
camping and that was in the vlog he said
that I was talking to Brett on the
phones like dude you had upload that as
a single clip I love
that's actually okay the German your
glasses
what sunny Monday when I haven't gotten
around to hey Michael sliding my back
we're on the right lighting blending
jumpy no I got what you got a little
bungee jumpin what do you want to do
again simple I'm guessing here she
started an officer role interest what do
I do
individual answers of my investment
yeah I'm fine pilot's license let's say
that a long time that I want fly an
airplane what fascinated for ya yeah
okay question for the kids hands up
you're listening when you got a lot
these need to be bloggers like your dad
or ladies harder
smell it
we now
okay
no there's no that's where it's like
something will happen and we're like
hanging out as a family that's like oh
that's so cute funny and it's like the
first reaction is like in the camera
there's we just look at each other and
be like let's just have this moment for
us we don't know it and we just like
enjoy the moment and we don't know it
and there's it's cool to be able to do
that when there's really great moments
it's like you know what this is just our
and we just keep it right in here with
anything we've she climing yeah no I got
great footage okay right here you got
support
favourite one-liners from the kids oh
man that's I mean there's so many that
didn't make it on the blog that I try to
recreate like where Disneyland and Rock
trying to the day since dad I said come
on let's go I gotta take you people
feathers will be in my wiener star like
what so I try to recreate it you know I
get the camera like oh you better say I
don't like tell them to sci-fi like I
ask them the question again it's you're
productive you're like I'm I think a
room back to one good what would be you
see it with a camera turned Dominic's
which I do my paper my most favorite is
one baby turn from one of the videos -
singing if you have the cutest that's
all my favorites
yes aren't you stupid my question to you
miss yeah as logging brought your panda
closer together
absolutely I mean like yesterday we got
Meeta there's this really intensive
community or teenis you know like we got
back to be the mystery you can tell the
kids are all buzzin and cabbage just
like I love you guys you know we're
subterra Harrison and it ya know it
totally I mean that's our job is to be
together and we really enjoy it it's not
like it was weird I like each other and
that's why we go sue Ellen's it really
reads on camera it's not like we're just
pretending to like each other we really
do it except for tax-exempt okay some
computers a penny at time for one or two
more areas of the door others
demonstrating
you guys are their extended family
because they want you they know hey we
really believe in that you guys are
there was so many people that came up to
us yesterday I to eighth grade my mom my
dad like hey you're grounded
but we feel that we realize if there are
this what's wrong about the stage every
drop down we see promise that you know
there's bad parents and we realize a lot
of our viewers have to go through some
pretty crappy situations so we hope it
feel that you know you have 15 minutes
day with us we want to give you that
hope that you would sure can be good
parents you know the questions are the
big losses and a family like you can't
have a man you like ours we chose to
have this and you guys know what I'm
always about so you choose your destiny
you choose how you feel your happiness
regardless of your situation and I
realize that sometimes you're a crappy
situation but you can make what you want
of your life so that's for you like you
were alright Cheers
okay
although you within you and therefore I
mean YouTube yeah
because in see that video she was a
bearded a fashionista named the tree
broccoli like maybe you tuber the
interaction is great that's what got my
horn began it's just the feedback you
know it's like some dude in Ohio watch
the video he had listened thinking about
it so just having met all of you and all
people watch our videos will there be
another need a three week for playlist
live you guys are gonna need it I have
another panel today but this is the kids
they wanted this new world so I don't
know if ever be doing the Lomita we are
getting our one yesterday with six hours
and it keeps letting today I don't know
yes a good job but you'll see us around
walking around till Monday
I think that's it guys
you
