yo daily vlogging is hard I know we
committed that we're going to do it
every day for the next five months but I
forgot you know it's tough to get stuff
up on days when you're like man I don't
want to be in front of the camera today
so we filmed a few clips with the family
we even made a song for you so please be
kind to us we read your comments and
even sometimes as a 37 year old man
who's been on YouTube for 10 years it
still hurts my feelings he ready okay
wait okay so dad will say something to
these people hey guys so today we're
gonna be singing lost boy by Ruth B and
compressed is a via bullet and now see
we just practice it after this we did
some coughs ISM some sneezes now it goes
the seasons sing only friend was
times you always in one - I closed my
eyes I saw a shadow flying high he came
to me with the smile we wanted to talk
while you say the pen that's what they
call me
promise that you'll never be lonely
my boy we play in the woods always on
the run from they say to me away from
all of reality his rooms small sores on
me and lost boys like me are free
Neverland is home to lost boys I mean
and lost boys like me
together we fly away agree to my
beautiful death sunny as we serve uptown
never loved me
I realize and finally got a family we
reach Neverland we might be
and
we play always on the run catching on
run run lost boy
they slay me away from reality Neverland
is home to lost boys like me and lost
boys like me are free Neverland is home
to lost boys like me and lost boys like
me are here panting Cobell Wendy dog
baby Captain Hook you all my preparatory
book Neverland I love you so my whole
treat all forever a lost boy at last
I never bored we play in the woods
always on the run from Captain Hook they
say to me away from reality is home to
lost boys like me and lost boys like me
from Neverland is home to lost boys like
me and lost boys like me
today waters own other body needs good
job a beautiful talented shows very good
ok guys so um yeah there's we're gonna
do a song Saturday yes sir tomorrow
because tomorrow Saturday but we are
going on a very special Halloween
adventure today so we're just gonna do a
this song today right now it's it's
filling it Friday filling it Friday
all right well practice will get better
love you guys thanks for watching guys
thanks for watching ok um we'll add this
additional 1 tape clip guys we don't
have any footage we went to LA for the
streamys we flew back whenever there's a
fly back day it's just like fellas but
you like alright Rach
that hurt your eye dude you slip can't
do it for the vlog okay we're gonna do
that thing where we put some music on
and we clean the house me requests
everybody um we are going on a very
spectacular adventure and that will be
in tomorrow's vlog
but we're all together tonight it's loud
it's crazy of it all work together and
not leave this room until the kitchen is
clear this is when the house gets clean
we all work together and we just all
focus on one task and say let's be a
team let's just kill it for 10 minutes
15 minutes it's so simple
and we all just work on this one room
together and many hands make light work
real quick sometimes some of those hands
have to just go towards keeping this one
from making additional messes right
behind us as we clean up the messes that
we're trying to clean up anyways Jackson
will you help why will you not help hey
listen
Hey that's not nice can you say you're
sorry die listen that's not nice to say
sigh can I tell you something you need
to help us we are all a family we all
live in ourselves hey I'm talking you
for reals okay also for your mama are
you listening to dad are you listening
to me we need your help to clean this
house okay we all have to work together
you live here
you eat apples you can't just throw your
stuff all over the ground okay we all
eat in this kitchen we all have to help
okay happy Napa sonses will you go pick
up your apples downstairs please this is
and stop telling people to shut their
face huh Jackson please go downstairs
and pick up the apples okay here put
this down
I don't you run downstairs get the
apples okay I'm gonna count see how fast
you do it
okay go run yep broccoli you go help him
get his apples how do you like them
apples
go come on let's go one two run run go
get em go we'll see how that goes all
right good boy Jackson come put him in
the garbage can let me see wait you saw
Batman you saw Batman go cool Batman
want you to put your apples in the
garbage look three apples these guys get
half-eaten apples all over the house
okay throw it does to throw them away in
the garbage can Daxton hey thank you for
helping thank you so much you're welcome
okay let's keep it up and what else can
we do Rock I just saw your boots on the
ground over there will you go pick them
up
Daxton is your shoes out here anywhere
are your shoes out here on the ground
we'll see you guys tomorrow year-olds
they're little jerks you know
