hi login here oh well well looks like
everybody's playing in the pool there's
grandma waving her noodle there's the
kids friends of started drinking a
squeeze hit baby started bridge the
starter floating on their noodles drink
and squeeze it and baby turtles drowned
keep the squeeze it above the water good
good job
nice party save baby tard I know I've
been fresh usually never gets in the
pool and then of course Logan's over
there snap and Instagram pics of himself
on the waterfall I looked out there he
had sent are taking a picture of himself
and I looked out there again and he's
editing it hey buddy no he's gonna drop
it you just watch man I'm jealous I
wanna go play in the pool me and Colette
have to go to a panel she's on a panel
and I'm on a panel we have told ya like
go do the work and they go play in the
swimming pool our slave driver overhears
keeping us busy time so because anything
last words on my big films right now no
last words on crowdfunding I want to
give a shout out actually I think these
panels are cool clintus and laying stand
up stand up okay so a always some of
these panels really how are you good a
bigger audience
I don't know but I'm gonna give you sure
right now check these two guys out
clintus TV lane bills i'll leave their
links to my apps and you have to dance
if you wanna shout out good at you boo
it's down it's down yeah you monkeys
will do anything for a shout-out go
subscribe to these guys will get my new
babysitter you guys except young kids at
Camp Takota look at that smile he's like
I want to go to camp Takota right now
you guys gotta teach them how to do
boondoggles what do you do it look great
you're not pregnant if you get near the
baby okay I like at least six arm links
away from any babies all right he's guys
are going on their camp Takota Penna and
this guy's I'm watching dude this guy's
most no shirt for you you should run out
on stage with the baby and be like I'm
pregnant
but came out of there
no introduction together and maybe
nobody else is going on here boys well I
wanted to rap it's the baby speed like
I'm on a tard
mama car just got down with her panel
look at her
hold on I'm look at my wife's but you
guys give me a second okay hi what's up
right yeah your dad gets here from New
York you're like this is the best moment
of my life
everybody's passing the baby around
that's baby boy yes you have the best
baby girl like her you like your outfit
I will eat you think ngratulations from
so proud
the edge of taxation your finest live
washing the dishes other youtubers are
doing meet-and-greets and meet their
fans and doing panels and wash the
dishes two punches get but seriously
this tool this device was like an
extension of my arm when I got my very
first job as a dishwasher when I was 16
years old
the Sandpiper restaurant I love these
things seriously brings back memories
wash dishes go funny everything like so
many memories of these are playlists I
became I understand this is cool
I want us freaks don't fray me dude sea
spray a few things off with that and
tell me if that isn't just fun
I'm not fun just like commands the POW
Moken McKay 55 now you gotta get the mop
and mop that up alright so we're just
getting ready to go on I have a panel
and wrote art has a smile mom you look
very pretty today
I like that sweater
your name is mom you're my mom I'm not
sure if you remember you burned me was a
few years ago nobody ever tells me I
look pretty spun like that's you you're
the pretty one you're the king
why thank you lets you take out here
more got to cover your ears buddy go
ahead
Andrea that's Andres joy surprise she's
the beauty guru okay I just got done
with my panel and I met future Olympian
steel-johnson - guy he almost made the
Olympics the guy who beat him out one
gold medal that's true that's how bitch
to me now he's a teammate check out his
channel up right there thousand
subscribers he said he wants more I mean
I'm hoping to make a business well once
you win the Olympics first and then
you'll be some work on the Olympics and
win a gold medal in the journey then get
more subscribers on YouTube join the
daily journey with me yeah check them
out and then subscribe to all these
people - look she already has her card
out you like right yeah I took me out
checking out Candace owns become I
everybody shout out to check all these
people out you guys go subscribe you
guys I just got you guys a bunch of
stalkers who's gonna subscribe you'd all
be YouTube get out
video guardian network RP get out of
here you're not allowed to give yourself
a shot - on Wednesdays and the hottest
house Alessandra and we're just hanging
out chatting about YouTube you again
he's gonna you have to vlog you because
okay okay yeah so Logan he showed you
this trick it's good it's pretty it's
pretty 14 ok ok here we are with Stuart
edge Hogan sorry I set my cup down hey
guys we're here with Stuart edges that
should be really cool magic tracks yeah
I'm ok every day fugu pork he's our 4x4
yeah ok so no this is one of those
things where this cook works closer so I
feel like you want me to grab that one
no I thought that when you grabbed oh
it's not vital gravity the one you tell
me which one this one this one is the
one I get so he that's a stretcher OD I
want that one
haha I already broke his kids know what
we're gonna do so um regular for Brite
we can check with a shape I want them
focus on it and just like bend it with
your mind trying doing with that one -
what wait is it working is it but you're
bending yep like that whoa we bent it
already
I'll panic how did I have great rush
this so um the key is just like focus on
our watch yeah you know it's like
melting whoa oh look at that how do you
do it it's kind of crazy
it's a Mew curry or yeah so is that it
no some people think it's because I have
like sleeves or magnets to my style but
it's actually not it's just like my
present with it oh the other place just
been to my office I mean it's over
look you just join that work with his my
not evil clothes remember like when you
like yeah a pen is off there yeah then
the for yeah yeah I want you to let's
try that with you yes well nice watching
a hole together now what you think watch
this so I can imagine and then it
I broke a broken that's magic
it's doing magical I like that one
that's cool looks like a rooster tail
yeah
all right invite Stuart edge to your
next dinner party and he'll ruin all of
your Forks you're not okay
you're mean friends all right
their favorite person just showed up the
page that guy kids been waiting all day
look at them they're like gather like
huddled around you they're like a little
fish and swarm around a shark when he's
swimming hoping all right everybody's
over here Melissa cam Tilly name again
Lindsey I that's what I said I said it's
Danny's girlfriend I don't want to call
you that again I feel bad it's fine I
get all that
yeah and then you know I'm a camera
right your name is saison hey that's
hilarious
okay yeah pizza right okay tricking
Nuggets oh yeah chicken nuggets - yeah
bonus vlog bonus vlog bonus playlists
bonus like hey I just figured because we
were just sitting here we're about to
head to our Meetup
I wanted to get a vlog up today I feel
guilty for working on my quote-unquote
day off I just figured you guys are
gonna see a million videos from playlist
live once I end up do getting the
footage up it'll be like yeah Shay we've
seen all that six hundred times so this
is just a quick short vlog what we did
yesterday having a lot of fun here in
Orlando we just got back from the pool
I'm trying to post an Instagram from our
entire family at the pool but the
internet here is really slacking because
everybody is on their wireless device
but we are having a blast wish you could
be here we're about to head to our
Meetup and meet all of you that came out
to playlist live you guys if you want to
come to these conventions you got to get
online and get tickets vidcon's coming
up in June I think there's actually a
playlist live up in the north eastern
oall area northeastern central is that a
place anyways click on yesterday's vlog
our trip here to Orlando it's quite
adventurous click on that feel lucky Bob
and I have one two three four five years
ago today print starred you have any
last words to say thank you coming to
play yourself hey I have a question do
you get nervous like we're about to go
meet hundreds and hundreds of people
that are in a wait in line to get your
picture and your autograph does that
make you nervous not really because I
did it four times so so you're a veteran
huh this is your fourth playlistlive huh
do you like it is it fun for you yeah
are you gonna sign princess tart or a
via um probably a via hide it on the
calendars yeah cuz shorter easier to
write okay what love you guys see you
not tomorrow not gonna money can video
tomorrow okay bye love you
