hi I'm logging here oh my goodness who
is mr. handsome Batman this morning he
answers you five we are going to fly
where are we going do you know where
we're going
a near point say we're going to playlist
live baby baby you ready yeah okay this
is our fourth annual playlist live
can you believe we've been to four of
these I hear Louie for really yep this
will be our fourth one three that I
think I think this is our fourth one it
is 6:00 in the morning we gotta we gotta
get on an airplane
you ready today is gonna be a good day
today is gonna be a great day I'm
excited
I just heard rocked heard say goodbye
house hey what's up what is Huey floggin
did you say goodbye house quit punch me
in the nuts why he was such a nut
puncher dude look at that hot chick on
some security saying all those security
agents staring at her
oh yeah he's like saying I mommy huh
yeah like I'm shaking his head he's like
yeah she's good-looking
the security Ben is walking all right
let's go come on come on security Ben
look who's here it's Atlas on drug
bright and early goals for security all
right buddy you know what to do airborne
sicknesses the Peter Gilroy of a boys
comedy did you bring up 40 of OE with
you Peter's brown bagging it onto the
plane to playlist live here we go it's
ready
you let your bear cause it's hard
Colbert oh you love him you're writing a
note to your boyfriend what's going on
here
is that Peters about to detect a pop fly
in center field
many streets
how ironic was it right now
yeah over there creature all right we're
on the shuttle this is fourth time yeah
first time coming Orleans actually we
got here you have princess music that
Brittani Louise Taylor this is the party
tramp nice Peters rocking out of silence
what else we got over here
hey art it's beautiful here man look at
this mother can't be this alright here
we are in the airport and we got some
dancing going on
we got mommy tart being cute what's
going on here broad turns beating up the
suitcases we got a brother and sister
dance-off dad's waiting in line to get a
rental car baby turd sucking her thumb
like usual watching her my pad and bro
tard is underneath the stroller there
you can see him crazy family I got and
the dip to finish it off
hello we're at playlist live and these
kids are getting ready to rent the car
and they think that they're on to dance
why don't you have the boxing what shake
it you stinker I love you
second we've got little bro turkey here
and little are you doing playing a game
can't even hear me Cesare supposin hey
hey Thank You Big D Big D big all right
here we are at playlist live they're
practicing not sure what for flight
oh we're coming white Oh you're walking
I'm blogging yeah I turn alright so for
their next performance the children are
waiting for Grandma and Grandpa to get
off the escalators and everybody that's
getting off the escalators are looking
at them pretty curiously like what are
you brats doing who's unattended
children are these what is baby tara
covering every door just in case Grandma
and Grandpa come out they'll be ready
with a welcome greeting dance kids are
crazy
you're not my children you're obviously
your mother's I think rocker might be on
a secret mission actually yeah is that a
gun
does he have a nine-millimeter right now
good cupcakes he's covering all of his
angles oh no I think you just got shot
oh no is that your gum that fell
out did you put it back in your mouth no
don't that's dirty Florida germs good
here come throw in the trash there's a
trash over here
oh man look who we found a troublemaker
your son he's perfect
the fun Rock card will pop a wheelie
couple all right so we're waiting for
Grandma and Grandpa I think they went to
the wrong side
oh no that's not them baby check this
side this side Jim hi guys I've been
walking all over the airport we thought
maybe we're at the wrong stairs hi how
was the flight mom all right welcome to
Orlando Orlando dang baby what'd you do
to your hair
Oh wheezywaiter that's been forever are
you not doing daily vlogs anymore I was
super disappointed when you and you
always like be careful yeah yeah I did
it you guys no I'm not doing daily vlogs
but I'm doing something - vlogs you're
doing playlist live vlogs okay they're
staying right next to my mom and dad so
I told wheezy waiter and his girlfriend
that they had to have not loud sex and
my mom and dad they have to keep it down
to if they get pretty rowdy all right
this is getting it all right here we are
at the hotel room we got frozen mama
card bought it right before we came so
we got frozen good Logan catch it Logan
did you catch it I did why I let him go
he's stuck in here did you will Saladin
shutoff it again get him nice out here
come on
it is really nice right nice shirt dad
you tard dad's supporting the Shaytards
is he under there he's skating it right
are you scared baby tired no you're not
scared
all right guys check it out here we are
in Orlando at playlist live we've got a
swimming pool and palm tree
he's about to go get some dinner I just
uploaded the vlog check it fast internet
is the Internet of your room fast yeah I
didn't check it yet dude I just uploaded
my vlog and I was nervous but it went
fast I was like geez nothing better than
faster at the hotel where there's 800
other youtubers that is rare you were
adorable I like you eat my finger okay
love you bye let's go get some food all
right okay it's time to get some dinner
we're going to this place called
Mikado's you guys remember it's like
that hibachi place where they like cook
and like flip stuff and throw shrimp in
your mouth and centaur TAS what did you
ask I just that's where he kissed
I just eat oh yeah talk about a relaxing
evening by the pool check this out
oh that's relaxing look at all these
people just chilling out hey cornholio
going on how's it feel guys to be on
vacation in Orlando hahahaha
yeah and there's the waterfall I
actually did a backflip off of this the
very first playlistlive i flipped off of
this thing into the water
oh very good times Logan what do you say
you want to come do that do backflips
off this would you do a backflip Oh will
you do a backflip off it maybe do it and
I'm sure yet at this fancy restaurant
and they're dead got to come cook we
don't know when they're coming but
they're going to
all right so we're just for I'm just
really grateful for all you guys for you
to come to my last five and I would
really appreciate you thank you so much
for coming
and I'm really grateful that we can like
sign all the autographs
meet all of you guys and like I said you
know hope you see you there
daddy tell a joke kill all these cows oh
this one time I had chopsticks whoa is
that cool that's cool huh
he loves cooking rock garden
he got mac and cheese though what do you
think guys that's pretty cool huh you
guys have a good time wait you wait till
the fire ball hits much
Bremen
you all do the drain now Chicka Chicka
Chicka Chicka choo - is it orientation
now I'll stop in it's been a nice that
he landed the AIDS right on the spatula
there you go you get extra tip now don't
let them know rock hard you know what I
was gonna say he's saying what go oh hey
so cute hey sing let it go and see that
area code Alex Egan single let it go
here okay
all right we're in Orlando we got to go
to Walmart go go buy supplies gotta get
some sticks got little brats in here mom
tell your baby to grow up baby if you
love Maggie time oh bumper-kart don't
hit that car all right we're going in
we're gonna get some cereal some fruit
some water all kinds of stuff so our
room is sweet because it has a kitchen
and a microwave and a dishwasher and
everything oh that's cute and sassy
you're gonna go swimming
no I like it when it's too small for
certain reasons and so you know if you
order room service they don't at
breakfast lunch and dinner or we're
gonna be broke in no time
so we're gonna buy stuff at Walmart and
then we will provide for our children
sustenance means that way that way we
don't to spend 200 bucks on breakfast
for room service
so we'll just spend $300 or Walmart
instead right am i right what are you
guys doing here you fighting fighting
you uh are you playing on the airplane
are you the pilot nice dude
I love Walmart I know they're horrible
vicious people who destroy communities
and you know take away all the
mom-and-pop stores anytime you come to
Walmart no matter where you are in the
world they're always the same so you
kind of feel like at home like you just
know what they have you know where it is
where to get it right babe I can't
believe and support this place that
kills the local economy and the mom pop
stores think of it this way though think
of how many people Walmart employees
you know not only in this local town and
of Orlando but all over the world
Walmart employs so many lusher okay
let's gets it for me
we just bought you a bunch of shirts
before you left oh we might need one of
those though that's pretty stud muffin
you like that one I think it's cool
goals come on crossbones you see a
different one you like yeah all right
let's go see you tell me which one you
want I have a feeling that I already
know what it's gonna be okay
you show me which one what's shirt
and I'm thinking about it a
three-year-old that's a shopping
actually you want that one who's that
Minich you like Captain America yeah all
right nice excellent
look who bought water noodles only the
essentials right collect only the
essentials essential it's a party guys
your party noodles
hello the noodles yeah do you believe
she got party noodles she's going on
here excited at your party noodle it
squeeze them in here don't break your
party noodle Logan what's your party
noodle in the van let's go dad what are
you laughing about
you think I'm talking about the other
party noodle bad fun dinner noodle when
I was a kid all right got all the party
noodles let's head to the party I got my
party noodle okay everybody get in your
party noodle here we go find your
flashlight down it where's your
flashlight okay there's a light at the
end of the tunnel go into the light oh
that's cool actually hold on wait move
it you're either right there and there
okay you guys crawl towards ally I can't
put a party noodle in my ass - dad
all right we're going home get Z belt on
hello everybody thanks for watching my
frozen covered I hope you have a good
time in the ones who watched it yeah mmm
and bland chicken ones who watched it
yeah yeah you don't want talking about
all right we're at playlist live we're
having a blast mom dad and grandpa
grandma same thing what hurry I'm
assistants peak I'm guessin sense of the
room when we got back to the apartment
last night or I guess it's not an
apartment so we're in a hotel room but
it feels like an apartment it's as a
full kitchen but baby tart and princess
tard single-handedly may I say double
handedly put away all the groceries it
was impressive they cleaned up the
entire house
so thank you and now Princess start a
baby tart apparently are the assistants
of the apartment mmm and I'm the
assistant of putting all of them on
chewed it off no one should apparent
drying them because we went swimming and
the towels are all wet so I need to try
it all right and there's a washer and
dryer here so she's doing wash right now
very impressive why don't you bring that
house is the assistant being home with
you all right love you guys see you
tomorrow click on yesterday's bed pillow
while you under their orders I know
we'll see on Monday I got the weekend
off alright your playlist live we'll see
you soon
