hi I'm logging here hey looky Hills good
everybody I just upload with the blog
good boy you get three good boy points
if you work your way up to 20 good boy
points I won't give you a spankin this
weekend we usually have our normal
Friday Saturday sneaking session oh my
gosh what do you name put a foot is it
called ol old
he can't say oil it's hilarious say oil
oh yeah well that's good all right so
rock hard actually has a little bad I'm
gonna show it
yes he's got a rash we took him to the
doctor and the doctor said it's like
this virus that kids get a lot and it'll
go away and that was just like wash it
and put some oil on it and he's only had
it for like a month or something but she
said it's normal and it'll go away it
just kind of looks like it works we
thought it was warts but she said no
it's like a virus but then it'll go away
and we have some bio oil or not bio oil
um but truly oil no what's that called
doTERRA oils
there's this OnGuard doTERRA oil to
Colette said that we rub on it so it
doesn't hurt him but it doesn't itch him
but it kind of gets dry anyways I love
you Candice and Lexi left just an Air
match don't play with matches
don't play with air matches ready one
two three nice job okay come on we're
gonna wit you a haircut time to get a
haircut for playlist live okay come on
you and your brother you and your
brother getting haircuts let's go yeah
you're upside down to the god bless
mommy towards heart she's doing the
laundry trying to get everything ready
for playlist live I was reading some of
the comments concerning our disaster of
a house a lot of you guys were
suggesting that maybe we get some maids
or like some help with some of you guys
do it if we paid you guys and sent you
our address would you guys show up and
clean our house for us
funny like 500 of you showed up and
cleaned our house we could get a lot
done many hands make light work get
somebody to come give me a button sauce
I've actually brought that up to mommy
tart but she somehow thinks that she's a
failure as a mother if she doesn't clean
in the house and do all the laundry and
do all the cooking herself which I told
her that's bullcrap babe we're busy
we're constantly doing things she like
technically work she goes to the moms
view she shoots videos for her channel
and she's a scout leader you know taking
care of five kids laundry and cooking
isn't easy so I think I'm gonna talk her
into getting somebody to come and help
us like one sweet what a punch in your
noggin I got one punch in mind in your
noggin ready for us here put this on
you look cool on that hat you caught it
boom Shakalaka I already have a hat huh
here stand there let me see if I can
throw this on your head okay ready I
missed here you stand there you can't
touch it and you got to see if I can
land it on your head Kay just stand
there don't move I'm gonna see if I can
land on your head all right hold still
Oh miss let's try again let me try again
one more time okay you ready here one to
thing is it well we're trying
oh I want to get it now okay good stand
really still ready here we go okay ready
bring it home still hold still I'm like
a kid one more time one more time won't
I ready dang it I'm gonna get it I'm
gonna get it ready
gosh darnit malarkey
ready yeah I was at it last time last
time I swear unless I miss it then I'll
do it again
ah you ready one two three
got it nailed it
all right are you about to have a snack
okay let's see it
not a good marshmallow one we get home
rah try set the camera to scare you guys
came in too fast
hey what's up what the hairdo today by
the way are you purposely doing that huh
all right let's go get a haircut yeah
liebherr I love you
welcome home from school I love you I
want you to know that okay okay next
child please
hello how are you doing you're also my
offspring I want you to know that I have
warm regard for you okay next hi
you're my wife I love you the most don't
tell the kids that hi you're not bad you
haven't been here that long so our love
hasn't really solidified it but I still
have a very warm affection for you okay
all right I love you too I love you hi I
know you is I do oh there's a smile I'm
looking for alright some tart had
something crazy happened what happened
tell us tell us coming back from our
field trip and a bus crash into a car
did it was it scary how fast was the bus
going that fast well you know like a
regular bus goes like that's how fast
the regular bus goes no wait what don't
get on and you're getting too heavy you
might hurt his back and couldn't hang on
faster than the 30 miles an hour because
the teacher said the bus was starting to
break down so it was getting off the
freeway so it was like already breaking
it seven bus driver had a bad day well
then ahead bus had to come get you and
then come a new bus because luckily the
bus down the street the bus yard is are
some other bus just came and got us yeah
she had all load and reload okay let's
go get her our seat a seat belts let's
get our teeth brush
let's go get our hair cut what is my
problem let's go their teeth Brody
alright come on let's go amazing parking
meters that accept debit cards very
convenient
I like that technology I like it a lot I
am the greatest I am Muhammad Ali and
I'm the most beautiful woman in the
world you know who that is Sun tarde huh
you don't know who that is
kids these days that's Marilyn Monroe
the doggy and the guy yeah they're
protecting those pillars they don't want
anybody like Samson's to come and push
him down you got to be very careful when
the long-haired guy is around hey what
was that movie we saw with the dog
recently was it called remember peni
insurance yeah mr. Peabody and Sherman
it's actually a really good movie to
like teach your kids about history there
was a really hilarious thing to happen
that I didn't mention you guys but these
people were sitting in front of us and
in the movie there's a moment where he
has a lunch box that has Stephen Hawking
on it the renowned scientist the guy
who's in a wheelchair who's like a total
genius right the sky Stephen Hawking
well the guys in front of us started
laughing because he thought it was
Christopher Reeves the Superman turned
paraplegic for writing getting in a
horse accident and the guys like put so
crazy they put her for reals
on a lunchbox I'm like it's even hotly
but I don't want to tell the guy but I
thought it was hilarious
hey guess you had to been there come
over here guys let's go all right so how
short you thinking you want to go really
short you want to go faux hawk what are
you thinking short let you look
matulak anthem dad is that James Bond
where James Blunt's in here where's
James blood I don't see oh there's mr.
blunt it's unlike Baby Talk to be on my
album
it's baby talk to be on my album cover
that would be awesome
hey look son tard you're on that wall -
dude look at my look my fist I'm
punching you now am I'm punching you
James Blunt that's actually James
Blunt's tiny arm James Blunt's tiny Oh
dude nice move you got James Blunt's
tiny arm in a headlock ah see look at
that it looks like James floods are this
kind of funny this is fun hey James
Blunt he's a sweet dude this little boys
barely staying awake he tried to fall
asleep in the truck on the right here
and I had to yell at him - wake up wake
up wake up doesn't he want to sit by me
anymore he's embarrassed to know me
gonna sleep take a nap here goes who lay
down sleeping okay like that alright lay
down on the chairs like a bed tree like
it's a bed here again there's your
blanket as your handkerchief like it
alright we'll wake you up when your
appointments ready sir the homeless man
Oh scary
alright mr. Hanson's coming out I got
him
the cute boy hey rock face excited get
your haircut yeah check this place out
it's cool just like an open-air barber
salon they even have my old fashioned
barber poles called Floyd's like what
great quick what do you put in there
yeah that's for cigarettes do you smoke
cigarettes
I bet it does
so serious
what do you think it dude I'm going to
get the ladies like that yeah I think
you will
enhancing us with this here with this
play yeah we can move it up there right
here he can brush it on there that's
good yeah okay back yeah yeah yeah I
like that
squaring it off I know what you're
thinking you're thinking good shades
getting a haircut no I'm not
a lot
two handsome dudes my goodness my boys
are looking handsome what do you think
you like it
turn around let's get the 360 experience
excellent rock tarts been around looking
good looking good all right you like
your cut okay here we go let's go get
out of that kayak young man get out of
there we should get one of those
sauntered that'd be fun go out in the
ocean do some ocean kayaking me and you
bud - let's do that
okay bye like kayak let's go what are
you doing yeah you are making a list and
everything is laid out these are the
outfits that she is taking to playlist
live that's her jammies so all these are
going in my life right here but this
that was actually my weight no that
one's yours that one's mine
we can't decide member but not this
because I'm to be wearing it on a plane
okay you're gonna have to you know
you're gonna have to fold these very
nicely so they don't get all wrinkled
okay baby I'm so badly
you can do it a folding face bed so
we're just packing for playlist live I'm
getting super excited flying tomorrow
with everybody the whole family plus
Ally it's gonna be a great time and
Shay's parents are also gonna be out
there with Logan and Shay's parent I
called his mom today
she hates flying she's like deathly
afraid of it oh she's like um you made
me nervous you shouldn't called me
because I called and I was like are you
ready anyways she will make it we'll all
get there safe it's all gonna be a blast
I'm really excited and I've noticed that
most of your things are pink
do you remember I remember when you used
to say you hated pink and you love
purple have you changed your mind yeah
well I think it's beautiful all right
we're watching the vlog and we're
getting packed my favorite colors blue
and then my second hot like this kind of
pink like my favorite kind of pink yeah
like this like around
spending like again just hold a piece up
here love uh and uh my blue pink than my
second red than my force no that's my
third okay write it down make a list and
tell us later
hello guys okay I finally finally a lot
of the four favorite colors okay the
first ones blue the second ones like hot
pink
the third ones red and the fourth one is
perfect hot pink is second two blue
you're a bigger fan of blue than hot
pink yeah dude not me man hot pink is
definitely number one for me I mean look
at that shirt I'm wearing in the feeling
lucky button that's the hottest salmon
pink he ever did see
hey guys we are here in Orlando man what
a hectic day today was we brought the
whole crew out man the whole team came
out all five kids from LAX to WIAC where
we come where MOC MCO Orlando Florida we
are here at playlist live we've already
seen a bunch of our favorite YouTube
friends so excited to be here and meet
all of you if you guys are gonna be here
if not then we're sad we love you guys
check out yesterday's vlog click on the
fin on lucky button if you guys want to
see baby tarde perform if you haven't
already she finally did her cover of
frozen princess heart be honest which
one was better you're frozen Cutler you
haven't seen it yet this sister are you
Teddy you haven't seen it I have to pack
on my hat yeah you were packing that's
true
alright we're gonna go watch alright now
you guys click on the film lucky button
go watch it and then go see we're doing
one two three four and five years ago
today this is our fourth playlist live
we've been the last four years here in
Orlando at playlist live all right love
you guys see you tomorrow
