hi everybody my name is baby tard I know
a lot of you out there have been seen in
covers of frozen songs and I want to do
one of my own snow glows white on the
mountain tonight not a footprint to be
seen a kingdom of isolation and it looks
like I'm the queen the wind is howling
like this swirling storm inside couldn't
keep it in heaven knows I tried let them
in don't let them see be the good girl
you always have to be conceal don't feel
don't let them know
oh well now they know let it go let it
go can't hold it back anymore let it go
let's go please mother
hey don't care what they're going to say
let's the boys on the coup never bother
me anyway
funny how some distance makes everything
seem small and the fears on me I can't
get to me at all it's time to see what I
can do to test the limit at breaks
driving go wrong the road for me free
let it go let it go and right from the
break ends up never
let's go John
however glory through the air is to look
rare my soul is wandering from frozen
death rose out of round one the light is
like I never go with the past is let go
let go let go let's stop
I would never bothered me anyways thank
you every thank you everybody from
scribing let the link also link down
below and make sure you had a good time
watching this video bye guys
