log in here good morning it is a another
fantastic fantabulous it's just are you
excited to live the best day of your
life why not why can't today be the best
day of your life
best ever I've already happened are you
serious well that doesn't give you much
to look forward to what was the best
time yeah also that's it would she
thinks so think about this though if
that was the best day of your life you
think that you'll have another better
day then that day or think that the best
day of your life is over forever well I
got one of the best days so you just
feel like because there's not anything
that's really necessarily exciting
planned today that you can't have the
best day of your life you know my friend
Elvis says about that that way
all right we're here at school but
before you can get out you have to say
I'm going to have a great day I'm going
to have a great day I'm going to have a
great day that sounds like you are gonna
have a great day Rob hard what do you
say say I'm gonna have a great day all
right doctors gonna have a crappy day
okay I told rock-hard I had something
for him close your eyes close your eyes
okay are you ready this is this is for
playlist live are you ready okay look do
you like oh yeah yeah was that like a I
think I do
um maybe not we were just trying to find
some shoes for him to wear we couldn't
find some that were the right kind that
fit him well and so I was like we might
as well open them now well I'll take
these shoes and do like a okay let's try
them on I think they're gonna fit you do
you like up yeah well you look handsome
in them I was gonna save them for
playlist live but you need them right
now don't you
yeah yep I love you
Leigh Jim jokes Jim Joe do you get when
you go get it cuz I went got it
Jim jokes do after you get it what do
you do out how's a guy do it well you do
with it when you what with well whatever
I just got cuz I went got it got it
pear do you guys have your ticket Jim
jokes you have your ticket to the gun
show welcome redeemable for one ticket
to the gun show to see the Pythons you
want to see my Python this is your joke
Ron
oh my dear Jim Joe hey
what what do you call a gym with no
jokes jokes
what 24-hour fitness ah well I couldn't
get one good one pressure was on that's
really bad joke I got better ones but
they're all work on him bro work on him
get back to us they're not they're not
they're dirty they're too dirty fridge
so now we're at a baby shower for
Kayleigh and Shahrzad and c'mon sleep
behind it all it's at the cig and all
live in Hollywood and it's like way nice
I'm almost like whoa I should have worn
a dress lemon jeans but you know it's
beautiful and I'm grateful to be here
and they have this little set over here
where we get to give advice to the all
right we're going to get invited to them
you guys haven't really made me proud
girl yeah shoes off mr. Tate Oh
oh my god
I believe Hermes I remember when I had
my baby Lisa bought me she got some of
it but she'll come to me which i think
is important is you can't forget about
the moment when you're buying gifts we
need to even know that we're still loved
and important not just the baby so I
really appreciate that
okay so have your okay goodbye to the
party these are the party favorites I
guess really ensures on made them oh I'm
excited to see what's in them he's gonna
be super cute yes Kaylee assures out the
crap you go to craft eats are gonna be
awesome ok here we are with YouTube
sensation superstars ricky shucks and
timothy delaghetto
i say what was that thing that you just
did races yep just cuz you're Asian you
can do about racing my culture Gracie
Michaels I'm just a behind the camera
yeah who knows even here's the token jus
and every Shaytards lie impossible for
me to be raised another to ever there's
no juice well actually son cards a Jew I
didn't lose it you know oh yeah Yama cos
he does sound look like fine yeah what
yeah where's Rafi Rafi is the one they'd
impregnated my life alright yeah it's
the beer thing yeah she does my wife
likes Pierre alright I'm shooting that
youtubers react ones this one coming out
might be the same one that Timmy's in ah
yes you will be okay are we announcing
when it's good enough first one of these
I think is mmm three weeks away three
weeks alright well hey my hair's not
gonna see you it looks great there your
hair looks fantastic
I do say are you a diaper box
you're a really cute diaper bog I think
I might find another diaper box diaper
box I'm a diaper bump but your shirt
match diaper book that has to be plated
skydiver rocks finding diaper boxes
everywhere here at loud diver buzz yeah
are you a diaper box I wish I wish I was
a diaper about my dream doing um a
diaper box why you should keep saying I
wanna be okay for backups he's not
laughing is art now this is fun huh okay
what are you guys doing oh he wants to
play too
hey hear what I hear
we're here you guys ready to shake your
hands there another sick
Eddie give me your so this is what we're
doing I was climbing up to get on the
rock Hertz bed to take an item and Zig
jumped up on my back I was like honey go
get the camera and then she spent 15
minutes I can't find it
thank you this is cool guys this cool is
Iike let me early look at me doing
looking to buy my arm off my OB is not
awesome giant jaws that have the very
strong jaw pressured by my arm up school
yeah what hilarious just standing there
who else has ever seen a Great Dane
climb on top of a bunk bed a table I'm a
black man that's a good boy you're so
tall he's so tired of you in those what
do you think about that rock I wrote are
feels like that is awesome like Jay I've
never seen that before I had to first I
mean I've seen a lot of things I've been
to Disneyland a couple times I've been
on a helicopter ride to the Falls that
were in dressing Park but I have never I
say never seen a Great Dane climb to the
top of a bump bet that was amazing dad
can't rock guard me and Zeke are
sleeping up here sorry dude 9/11 he
doesn't seem to mind
hey how's the shower I feel like hey
watch out oh that was so close
now with callosum mountain Piper hold on
I gotta go I wanna see that again Oh
more like that again shade anything
maneet I ll kill him
seriously though let's make out J's gone
gotta go hey quit John Shane what to do
I'm in charge of Shane around here Shane
do what she said she's the boss oh how
was scouts Oh Apple good bye have you it
was really chaotic and awesome thank you
boys got poison oak or something well
good that's perfect for scouts it was
really good gal later
we're pulling weeds out behind the
church and there wasn't poison oak we
google it but it was some other plant
that made a Mitch and I was like Oh
doing it you need to know what the
remedy is when that happens if you're
out in the brush of California that's a
good Scout leader you purposely give
your Scouts poison ivy so they can find
out what the antidote is I like it honey
I like it man our house is trashed it's
tough man it is tough with five kids and
a dog to keep things straight around
here it's like the second we get things
cleaned up it's a giant mess again son
tards will be cleaning his room right he
gets home from school plus you know
we're packing for playlist lives we're
doing all the laundry and trying to get
ready to leave to Florida tomorrow
morning we're headed out to Orlando to
go to playlist live so we'll see a lot
of you there
maybe we go to Disney World speaking of
Disneyworld check out yesterday's vlog
we went to Disneyland with Colet sister
and her two daughters it was a blast I
don't know um now that we have like so
many Disneyland vlogs do you have a
favorite
I liked yesterday's I thought
yesterday's was fun even though I did
yell obnoxiously quite a bit so please
check out yesterday's vlog click on the
feeling lucky button and I forgot before
yesterday I don't know what that was
that was like a weird subliminal thing
did anybody notice that check out the
one two three four and five year ago
videos if you watch them all and give
you a sucker I love you guys see you
tomorrow
