okay you guys are getting wet hon you're
getting wet they were splashing each
other's son cards loving this well
that's one way to start your morning at
6:30 a.m. and a 4.9 magnitude earthquake
just struck Los Angeles look who came
running in the room and I was looking
around all nervous Lee laying on my feet
these are my knees you all right bud
you scared isn't it true they've heard
that like dogs can sense natural
disasters like hurricanes and
earthquakes
so mommy tired and all the kids are
actually in Anaheim right now because
we're going to Disneyland
today and I'm here all by myself because
I have a meeting with some UNICEF people
because I'm running the New York City
Marathon in November and I'm gonna be
raising money for UNICEF to run in that
marathon so I had to stay back so I'm
nervous I'm gonna text Claire right now
earthquake alarm clock scary we're
officially at the happiest
the most happiest place with my sister
weirdo
it's cousin time at Disneyland my sister
and her daughters are in town we're
super excited to be here at Disneyland
and yes it is st. Patrick's Day Center
mixing school so that we can have a day
with my sister and I think that's okay
I'm super pumped because today Shea said
I will totally watch the little ones and
you guys go on the Indiana Jones ride
cuz that's the one I really want to go
on I don't really necessarily care about
any of the other rides and I would
rather watch the baby while the other
ones go on the rides but the Indiana
Jones right is my favorite what do you
guys think are you excited this is
actually Candace's first time going to
Disneyland since third grade I know like
it's magical I do I don't remember
everything so it's all new again for the
first time I went on the Peter Pan ride
as an adult again I cried oh so that's
my goal is to get Candice to cry today
alright I guess the earthquake scare is
over you scared Zig pup you're right
he's been like staying really close to
me all morning cute I don't like it just
me and you hum buddy alright so mommy
tart and the kids are in Anaheim we're
going to Disneyland today because Colet
sisters in town we want to show them the
wonders of Disney I have an idea last
night while I was editing my vlog and I
was making the in Slate I was thinking
and we've done videos every day for five
years what if this is somebody's first
time ever watching a Shaytards vlog so I
thought how is that person gonna catch
up I mean we have five years almost
1,900 videos inside jokes places we've
traveled people we've met how are we
gonna catch those people up to all the
things we've done so I thought you know
what I'm gonna do today I'm gonna do
something different I'm gonna talk to
the vlog today whether you've been
watching it for a month
a year or five years who's tweeting me
Ron's here what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna talk to the vlog today like it's
all of your very first times watching a
Shaytards vlog
baby on a
okay hi my name's shaycarl
you are here at my youtube channel I've
been making videos every day for the
last five years I'm married I have five
kids this is my good friend Ron
hey listen tell me beating is a good
idea I'm clogging today as if it's
everybody's very first time ever
watching the Shaytards long whoa think
about that idea it's not a good idea it
could be good news you guys check it out
it's official Ron and I are running the
New York City Marathon in November but
you're not gonna be able to wear that
bro you're gonna have yep you cannot go
to play 6.2 miles in that it's Patel run
tell what we're gonna tell em tell em
tell em tell Tom where where our goal is
to be the top the very top tier money
earners here for UNICEF we're gonna go
that we're gonna basically was a
horrible explanation let me do it you
guys that's why Ron get out he bronzed
not usually in my vlogs you guys they're
way better than this one okay so we got
contacted by UNICEF because okay I don't
want to tell her her name cuz I asked if
she wanted to be in the blog hi it was
good having breakfast with you a girl
who works for UNICEF saw a couple months
ago one of my blogs where I talked about
wanting to run the New York City
Marathon
she works for UNICEF so she sent me an
email and said hey if you want to run
the New York City Marathon I can get you
a ticket if you raise money for UNICEF
I've always wanted to start a charity to
raise money for these races that I do
because I've run through marathons
it's your first vlog so we are
officially running the New York City
Marathon for the United States Fund
UNICEF I'm gonna put links below you can
go donate the races in November we're
trying to raise more money than anybody
who's running for UNICEF and Casey did
it with us to please guys please I can't
even walk he's gonna run a marathon he
can't even walk
go donate to our pages links below have
you cried today so we all get pink
okay so today is a crazy day I don't
know is that whole talking to you guys
like this is the first time that any of
you are watching it Shaytards vlog idea
dumb last night at four in the morning
and it seemed like a really like new
idea I'm like what if just for one day I
talked like this was the very first time
that any of us were doing this like I
had to explain like everything that I
was doing like it's the first time you'd
ever watch the Shaytards vlog now it
just kind of seems annoying like tiring
so here's the scenario I went to bed at
four in the morning last night because I
stayed up late editing and uploading
today's vlog I put it on private because
I'm supposed to meet Colette and the
kids in Disneyland so I didn't go to bed
till 4:00 in the morning because I was
working on getting the vlog up so that I
could you know make it private and then
today before I left I could make it go
live really excited to be running the
New York City Marathon in November you
guys can donate to our page a few of you
have already donated I tweeted it out
and saw that there's already a few
donations pouring in so thank you thank
you thank you it goes to a very good
cause I got woke up this morning at 6:30
to a 4.8 earthquake
she's crazy I thought Zeke was under the
bed cuz he sleeps under the bed and he's
a giant dog and he can barely fit to get
underneath there and when he gets out
from underneath the bed his back usually
hits the bed frame and shakes it so I
thought it was that I thought he was
stuck under the bed because the bed was
like shaky I looked over the side of the
bed to be like Zeke what is your problem
and then seat comes running in from the
other room so I'm like that's not Zeke
stuck under the bed what is that I'm
like ah it's an earthquake and by the
time that I like finally woke up and
came to and realized that it was an
earthquake it had stopped so the first
thing I do is go to Twitter because
that's where you go to verify all
earthquakes here in Los Angeles and of
course my Twitter timeline is blowing up
literally seconds after there's probably
already like eight tweets from LA people
that I follow we like are the quake
earthquake so I tweeted Avalanche
because I thought it would be funny so
then I've been up since 6:30 so I got
about two two and half hours of sleep
now I'm headed to Anaheim California to
go to Disneyland is that clear as much
it's got gas let's go see Mickey Mouse
well this ought to be interesting with
Disneyland
all day two and a half hours of sleep
wish me luck I've got my season pass
ready I want to see my picture look how
miserable I look thank you have a
magical day we are the happiest place on
earth I'll tell you what you start a day
with the earthquake there's no better
place to come than the happiest place on
earth there's an earthquake I want to be
here
alright we're walking the streets into
dis
look mostly transportation jump on here
okay I see mommy tart coming I try to
like go to it practical joke on her
I guess she walks by crap I think she
might have just saw me maybe like steal
one of the kids and see if she notices
or like walk up behind her and grabbed
her I was coming to grab your bum when I
first started look weird you get this
beautiful well I'm still going to grab
you but anyway yeah let's go let me ride
you guys been on really it's a crowded I
just went on it with Candice and I
couldn't stop screaming and we had to
hey Jeanne Gopi I didn't have here my
leman what I think you just said I don't
have any P in my way we technically
that's not where it goes well whatever
it's cute
it is incredibly crowded here at Disney
one of my actual like favorite memories
over the last five years of our vlogs is
coming on this ride we're all in line to
go on the Pirates of the Caribbean
so who remembers that one time when
we're on the ride and if you know the
Pirates of the Caribbean right there's a
restaurant as soon as you get on the
ride and as you're going into the ride
there's a restaurant across this like
little pond or river inside the ride
which one remember that what happened
you tell what happened you asked for a
long she do the raw yep no right there
is this lady and this guy that we're
having like this romantic dinner I'll
show you the restaurant as we go by it
am I yelled at this lady I said hey
throw me a roll and sushi just picked up
this roll off of her table and Chuck's
it at us didn't make it she didn't have
quite the arm that she needed the roll
landed like in the water halfway and
then the server yelled at her and told
her she couldn't be throwing food at the
people on the ride that's a vlog who can
remember which one that is that's one of
my favorite moments all right here we go
getting on Pirates of the Caribbean a
team we got to fightin the golden
treasure screwed everybody beautiful
this little guy has done a lot in his
life and he's not even barely four
months old he's play doctor rides visit
Disneyland two or three times okay
here's the restaurant
hey guys throw me a dinner roll I'm
starving over here get the calamari it's
delicious I'll be here all week tip your
waitress up that's sorry guys I need new
material
it's alfredo face he's got noodle hair
of faith this guy is scared
that's rap on Pirates of the Caribbean
did you have fun yeah have fun sometimes
throwing water on the girls hey you're
the I punch him in this neck much of his
neck oh right the jugular
oh hi all ye landlubbers we beyond the
sea we be a lot of weird looks why it's
so nice and cool in here you guys just
wait nice here you guys you might get
scared anybody yes girl no no all right
so what's the next 90 minute line we're
gonna write old 90 minute line the Space
Mountain you guys I just got tweeted by
PewDiePie PewDiePie you love pewdiepie
say hi to cutie pie
hi hey thanks I'm a little old-fashioned
I mean he has 26 million subscribers on
YouTube are you clear name with
PewDiePie oh that's what funny with my
boy we just got a cinnamon roll this
all right reduce yourself
Stephanie uh she's been watching since
like how did you find our videos it just
popped up on YouTube popped up actually
nice nice so we're here at Captain EO
and she came running up when I got a big
hub and we're about to watch and we're
gonna picture right now she's gonna take
it
wave hi alright get in here let's get a
picture memories captain
neo experience is about to begin
are you ready Tati you're so cool
they're so cool you thought of that
big sister taught her how to be cool
alright here we are Captain EO did I say
Captain EO sorry this is not the matrix
this is the Michael Jackson experience I
heard a statistic that Michael Jackson
was the top selling artist last year
even though he has passed away thank you
that's truly the king of pocket you can
all sell every artist when you're dead I
think you win at the music game captain
he experiences ready you guys this isn't
the hunger games ok we just sit in a
movie theater and watch it and the
yellow brick road munchkins he was that
funny
thanks for the laptop reciate at least
somebody thinks I'm funny enter the
experience here we go alright so we just
saw Captain EO and I forgot I'd been on
it years ago and a choir tour but I had
forgotten that the entire theatre shakes
it's a theater of like 300 people and
after waking up to a four point eight
earthquake this morning it kind of
freaked me out a little bit I was like
is this part of the right Rick Turner's
great he's like I was so jumpy cuz the
entire theater starts shaking and so I
was like kind of freaking out a little
bit inside because I woke up Twitter
quite that's part alright ladies ready
to shoot
the contest between you two the winner
gets $1 between you and princess card
okay the winner gets a dollar I'm gonna
see what your scores are afterwards
mommy tired you better not score under
what they score it's a Hewett the
sisters contest the winner gets $1 to me
and you or they mean rocked our nurse
and each other Buzz Lightyear ride time
asrock turn calls it Buzz Lightyear get
on our spaceship you ready to rock this
alright I got a hundred and eleven
thousand Rock card got 14,500 did you
let her win no you got dominated like
would you get 23 would you get I killed
everybody I got a hundred and eleven
thousand is it six carts deep I think in
a six carts deep down here look at these
triplets stroller parking he wanted to
steal some strollers this is the place
to come Lexi I could have been yours bro
it could have been yours smell it that's
true she did baby see you today all
right there you go
did you win no I got me did you dominate
her give them a new key you get a noogie
from your cousin there you go
congratulations
all right so and me and mommy tard went
away we ordered saving mr. banks on
demand and it makes me love Disneyland
even that more watch out with the
starters people get pictures areas right
here Mickey and Walt's together while
Disney was a cool guy that's awesome he
created Mickey Mouse and Disneyland I
think most of all what I want Disneyland
to be as a happy place where parents and
children can have fun together what do
you guys think do you think he did it
I think he fulfilled his mission mr.
Walt Disney you see a butterfly a very
magical kingdom Mickey do you like here
it's fun huh goblin I like hanging out
here with you I think all this needed a
good job that's Mickey Mouse huh I love
you
all right Sun tarts making a purchase
I'm not sure what he's getting but he
said he's buying with his own money
so I think yes that's okay now these
kids have their own money they think
they can buy all this crap what are you
getting dude
a drum oh well you play fine music with
that she's wrapping it up nice and neat
for you
all right well I expect you to be an
African Bongo band
any day now okay we are home you getting
watch for the Pirates coming alright
what are you getting wetter what kind of
flare can you hold that up and I see
that sweater I want to see the sweater
she can you just hold it up to yours
like to yourself like you're wearing it
it's like you're walking down the street
and you're wearing it and you're like
yeah yeah yeah okay I like it he's
handsome with that sweater don't
apologize for me
oh they have billabong hands dude that's
sweet huh actually I'd wear that would
you wear that look you weren't right now
congratulations
Cyclops Billabong barrel all right you
guys he talked me into the Billabong hat
you got to wear it tweeted back well I
don't know what's the style yeah I like
to wear it just for work right yeah
looks good 21:06
21 oh okay
all right you guys tired you guys look
exhausted you know what you need need a
little water to revive your life let's
go on Splash Mountain whoo ha ha ha
all right I hope we don't get the
electronic devices with I just had to
buy a new phone because I went
snorkeling with my other one in Hawaii
you're a scarecrow you lost your wedding
ear
banasura you don't wanna get him wet I
want to get wet yeah white t-shirt
contest America's Funniest Videos we're
gonna be on that TV show April I think
April some I'll let you guys know when
it's on with April April 13th it's you
up top swifty you know they come ready
to go down become some more Splash
Mountain victims you might drop straight
down so help me decide what we're gonna
do when the picture takes we're all
gonna be like a Zen pose so we're
thinking and send pose like we're all
gonna be everybody's just screaming as
they come down so we figured if we were
totally sin and like a Buddha pose
scream yeah I doubt you girls would be
I'll not be able to not scream like
bloody murder
how was it was it awesome
two thumbs up we're gonna scare some
people when they come back get ready
with him Brooke we scared you guys
you're wearing a hairnet that's cheating
shower caps on their head that's
hilarious
these girls are waiting for us to come
out of the ride look they're hugging
because they're so excited to see us
I've ever excited to see them to explain
what just happened why are you there
crying because they like in videos we
haven't seen us and they yes we're just
coming in as soon as these girls like
Shay and now they're out there waiting
for us guys what we need to do is get as
wet as possible on Splash Mountain and
that way when we go out and give them
hugs we'll just get them all soaking wet
okay it's a plan you guys ready all
right sergeant first sergeant set 250
tarp is in third of Dera by and Lexi's
and fourth I don't want to get wet I
know it's like I don't Sun jars like I
want to get soaking wet you measuring it
go I wrapped my phone in napkins here we
go
no rattlesnakes on board all right here
we go hi guys what's going on there's
the briar patch
there's the balls we're gonna be coming
down those momentarily oh I'm thirsty
all right you guys right now you smell
that
it's like fried chicken the best part of
the log ride so far is the smell of
fried chicken
it smells good you smell fried chicken I
smell fried chicken I want the fried
chicken I don't want to get wet they do
yeah I know what you're talking about
give me five she's our guest Ryder
what's your name I said me we go slip
and fall and fall the taste of things to
come
I don't want to get the camera wet is my
biggest concern oh we're going into a
music party
you're gonna get your bum leg you big
old bear careful oh no I see vultures
that can't be a good sign
they're here to pick our bones clean up
our rotting all right let's say you want
to get wet oh yeah baby dark soaking wet
waterfall all right who's the wettest
baby card you're gonna get your hands
cut off keep your hands in the boat
princess are let me see your face you're
soaked and what
I think Brinson started got it pretty
good are you wet or dry as a bold what
happened with you had this dryness spot
I thought I was gonna be the wettest
spot we left out that was pretty cool
though that was fun exhilarating let's
do it again
dippity-doo don't empty all right who
kept the benzos my daughter I don't see
any Zend Lexy you look terrified I tried
to keep I wanted to keep the camera out
of the water while I got the shot son
tard you look terrified to breath this
card wins the Zen face all right who got
the wettest princess cuts the wettest
when we can are you freezing
you're like splashing yourself you're
soaking wet baby time you guys would be
crying because you're cold here any
second that fun all right
yeah man looks terrified princess card
definitely wins the Zen baby tarts about
to scream
let's see couldn't hold the Zen got the
flogger there and then our peace sign
friend in the back you guys when we go
out there go give a big hug okay get
them wet go get me big old big old
squeeze wet Splash Mountain hugs there
they are
go give them hugs okay you guys are
getting wet hugs
you're getting wet there were splashing
each other's Sun tires loving this
did you meet you guys okay you guys come
on over here we're going to stock mommy
tournament hey babe I got some
girlfriends isn't she beautiful in real
life see people love your mom you should
be nice to her son jarred really uh got
a lot of hugs there and you're the man
dude you took advantage of that your son
you need to have a talk with him I want
to be blogging it's great lighting right
now this is like the Golden Hour I don't
want to turn the camera off it's like
really great lighting and you look
gorgeous
well sing a song the bells long I like
that let's do that one thing that one
welcomes the Baker tray like oh that's
too low
there goes home Baker with his dream
life
oh all right how was it look we got all
wet look at though look at your brother
go look at Sun turn he is soaking wet
look how wet he is yeah I got a little
wet too all right you guys check out my
phone wrapped nice and safely in napkins
this dry iPhone right there thanks nap
Jasmine's coming with the Jasmine Sun
tarde Jasmine's coming you love jasmine
Kaitlyn Jasmine's coming she's the
hottest right right am i rhyme right I
know there's so many chances
Kaitlyn why there's so many Jasmine I
can't handle it Aladdin give us one of
your wishes bro
areas
the monkey is my favorite I actually
like the monkey the best my favorite
mermaid very magical night there's a lot
of fun I think I'm kind of delirious
because I'm going on three hours of
sleep so I'm kind of like you know like
super crazy at the Villa having a good
time though man this is a blast every
time we come we love you having fun rock
tart
yeah
Wow
oh ye scallywag its hook get him Peter
might be kind of obnoxious I mean a
mattress guys just us I want y'all my
favorite characters there's equal
Tinkerbell I dig give us some fairy
dodge please we got lots of happy
thoughts
okay so you guys know how it is talking
about movies they be used to things it's
about Mary Poppins and the writer of the
story is so good I totally recommend her
is
the Republic
the light on this camera alright we
gotta get ourselves some glasses we're
gonna go on the Toy Story let's go okay
I gotta can't grab the camera to help
cuz that was you know yeah I gotta take
on with me okay when you come to
Disneyland there's two Toy Story related
shooting games one is a bus like your
laser shooting game over in Disneyland
but this one is in California land of
adventures it's just kind of like the
Toy Story 3d this shooting game is far
superior it's not here to choose one
come to this not the laser tag Buzz
Lightyear one I would say if I had to
choose a ride
it's the most satisfying don't really
feel like you're actually shooting
something so you have to choose come to
the Toy Story 3d one I believe in you
third you're gonna get a high score no
joke no no see that old guy just about
to shoot me my mad case he's not hearing
beat me he had a better score on this
game last time when we were here but
he's not here this time to defend his
record regardless whether he's here or
not I'm gonna beat his old score you
guys he just waits all right we gotta
lock it down into shooting mode you guys
ready for this
I'm so know you guys are going down I'm
pumped up all right rock hard you're
losing again buddy I'm buddy no you son
tartar I'm gonna get a high score just
so you know I just want to let you know
beforehand okay I told her now she knows
I'm the MVP you guys good luck here we
go one hundred and forty nine thousand
four hundred Rock Dark Knight twenty
four thousand Rock Sarge I dominated you
dude top three today oh man there's my
buddy I got a hundred and forty nine
thousand what'd you get that's not bad
almost one hundred and fifteen thousand
dude it's pretty good I mean not quite
as good as me but still not bad bro
that's fun man hey did you have fun
what'd you get 76 would you get 62 I'll
just barely lost alright let's go
alright so what's your high score if you
guys ever come here that's my high score
150,000 I can remember I got last time
think that's the best I did your
forearms start to hurt if I score arms
hurt I'm just like slinging bullets out
there my forearms are killing me man I
was gonna vlog but I D I didn't want to
detriment my sport you guys that's fun
man Wow yeah like that one there's a
snake in my boots you look adorable in
that woody hat love it
there's the moon as Disneyland closes
another magical night here in the
happiest place on earth
thanks for joining us everybody we'll
see you tomorrow
I guess it's too dark trust me though
guys it's pretty sweet dancing awesome
dance the finale dance dad Lexie don't
be shy
somebody's about to bust a move
everybody watch out no you're not
filling it blends are tired
cysticercosis
the magical evening watch are you on
dance no free time
knock it off another good dance a
magical night now it's time to say
goodbye to all our family
am i C see you real soon hey-ey don't
bomb it on the ride home mou man we have
been to Disneyland a lot lately haven't
we well why not you live 20 minutes away
and you had a season passion might as
well take advantage of a plus Candace
and Lexy and Tatiana had never been
there who had been there for a long time
so they loved it sorry I didn't stick
with that whole talk to you guys like
it's your very very ever first time
watching a Shaytards blog but if it is
please subscribe to our Channel we're a
family of seven well you include the dog
it's eight of us let's see five yeah
eight of us a family of eight we make
videos Monday through Friday right here
and we hope to make you happy put a
smile on your face it's kind of like a
reality show on YouTube you know how
every is like oh the Kardashians you
know we're like the Kardashians but not
all right we love you guys click on
yesterday's vlog if you want a little
surprise we got a mystery video you can
click on and see what I have in store
for you and like we talked about what's
been making videos every day for the
last five years so go back and catch up
on all the stories you can go ahead and
click right on the screen on the one two
three or five year ago videos if you're
on a mobile device all those links are
below in the description already we'll
see you guys tomorrow
