shut up a lot log in here hello good
morning we're headed to the way to those
you can jog it down hey I wanted to say
something which I usually do I usually
like to say things going a different
song okay one second I got to tell your
mom how pretty she is Kay I think I
appreciate how beautiful you are and how
you just keep yourself together just
it's not like that's your job as a woman
but I I appreciate it like when I wake
up when I look at you and I'm just like
you are gorgeous I look at myself in the
mirror I thought what the hell's your
problem fatso
shave your head you bearded Beast let's
do an aerial song don't change the
subject
what's aerial song if you have it I have
on this CD that somebody
what song is it singing for me isn't it
neat what did you think my collections
complete
wouldn't you think I'm a girl a girl who
has anything everything left this trove
treasures untold how many wonders can
one cavern hold
look around you sure she's got
everything i've got gadgets and gizmos
a-plenty we think is know you worked my
mom's old white dog died cuz it ran into
a trampoline damn a bomb okay 20 big
deal we're singing it for you
I found out okay we're going to the
school to watch the kids jogging on
jog-a-thon jog-a-thon
jog jog jog athan basically they get
paid for every lap they make around this
track I can't remember how much we said
we'd pay him but we give him so much
money per lap all right here he comes I
seen him around the bed there's my boy
had a kid keep it going keep it going
so they have these things on their back
and every time they come through here
the teacher puts a mark so they can see
how many times I think some hearts been
around three times already how many
times is that I need a small part keep
going dude I want you to run one lap
with him okay you ready to go he'll be
so excited here he comes
Rock chart mommy's gonna run a lap with
son tard Kay look at her
it's so fast here he comes
oh dude I got your running partner go go
go go go Oh
there's too many partners all right here
they go son hard rock garden mommy turn
rock turn soon good job keep it up oh
he's thinking on mommy cards back what a
woman what a woman she is very
impressive mommy card nah he's keep it
up keep it up you want to run a lap with
Daddy you want to run a lap with the
Audi it's a do bright out here yeah
let's go let's go let's go
nice lap he goes Gavin's got Clinton's
face all right send him in daddy
he gets competitive when we run with him
he starts running really fast
Go Go Go separate alright buddy think
you can do a lap with Sun tarde okay
give me five you stay right with MK and
encourage him when he comes around you
say let's go big brother we got this
okay here he comes get ready to run
there you go go away wait for him wait
for him there is ready Kate Go Go you
gotta keep up with Rob hard well he's
beating Sun card
he's passing everybody hey buddy we got
him we got him a little athlete on our
hands he's like oh my worms and clones
gotta go around the cone add a kid look
at him
it's so good he's a good little boy he's
looking up to his big brother there he
is oh that's adorable oh that's so cute
we got a run
I know it's emotional good job here they
come around the bend around the bend
jog one keep going all right Rock cards
going for another lap the
three-year-olds getting passed up by the
fourth graders but he's doing good he's
doing good he's a nice nice hustle buddy
there son tardies on almost lap ten one
more he'll be on lap ten eleven eleven
dude you say you're gonna get ten you
got one more than you said you knew how
many it was the 15 minutes 12 minutes 11
laps in 12 minutes dude I'm impressed
doctor goes Gavin needs to clean him
space brothers don't shake hands
brother's got a good running boy's good
running oh yeah dude yeah hashtag gym
life excel you know i'm sammy good good
elbow workout today we did shoulder all
can you hold that camera i can barely
hold this camera oh so tired home
president okay
ally brought presents Alex presents
dude I've been actually waiting for this
for so long I'm so excited about this
hold on daddy got a present I got mine
like two weeks ago
Wow you fail oh my goodness that's a lot
bigger than mine whoa dude every one of
your videos is on the back of that deer
Tootie pie
this is booty pies do congratulations
for surpassing 1 million subscribers
Levi has 26 million 20 pi I got your
gold play button
everybody tweet pudy pie and tell him
he's not getting his gold play but until
he gives me a shout-out everybody
tweeted somebody and I was in trouble do
sums getting fired
Alys deer booty pie you delivered the
audience now we're delivering the wards
you set the gold standard by surpassing
one she literally has 26 million
subscribers I mean I guess that's the
least you could do for YouTube having
half of half of the world's population
subscribe to channel I have the number
one mostly ascribe youtuber on YouTube
school play button thanks booty by
appreciate brofist
brofist brofist I just want to touch it
so when pootie pie gets it I can say
yeah it's that before you this button
that hoodie pie got okay pootie pie will
kiss it for you I accept this on behalf
of the most subscribed youtuber on
youtube.com/theatrefolk
we got tons of them they're just blowing
out of our ears whoa-ho this one isn't
Toby Turner's
dear Michael Buckley sheiter why would
we get Michael Buckley
oh that's so beautiful weakly crap oh my
god 1 million subscribers we're about to
2 million you guys we're so close I want
another gold play but you can see
yourself in it guys look at sparkly
that's a heavy man that Sun look oh yes
- she's out Ellie accidentally brought
my Gibson with my blacks oh that's so
cool Jewish gotten done working on I'm
sure yeah I don't think you're gonna be
able to hang it on the wall Thank You
YouTube this is seriously heavy duty
though this probably weighs 20 pounds
this is heavy pudy pie I was like ok
come on J like it's really not that
funny
come on plus we got a shaycarl one - we
should got to switch it out for booty
pies we pretty cool man today it's like
major present oh my goodness like I was
just some fun with my dad and he said I
tell them I want that job where you get
free guitars and stuff so I went you
guys remember from the vlog I went and
did some interviews for Gibson at the
Grammys well little perks of the job
my goodness oh no there's one on the mat
anything I get the back one comp down
you cannot take care of it okay it's a
Les Paul oh that's really awesome and
you're just not doing the guitar justice
right - dude like they do on stage
look look I'll play a little ditty eat
what is that e - n-- oh and it turns on
its own weight why it's an auto tuner
that's so good for me because I don't
I'm what do you mean it look it or tune
itself it electric electronically Tunes
itself what yeah a Les Paul II tune you
just put the batteries in it hit the
thing and it like it'll move the string
so Tunes it's a technology Gibson you
talk technology and the guitar now I'm
gonna want to play this mark my works
I'll call my dad come help you can teach
me dude you can't have a guitar this
nice and not learn how to play it true I
guess it's time remember that bucket
list you had that's on them you better
do it I love you too good day ah doctor
daddy he's crazy look up look up say oh
excuse me ma'am I didn't running a test
here look up and say oh say all dance
would you have to look forward to
she's the best doctor at all no thank
them - sorry so this little guy needs
shots today and you know say oh I'm
sorry
this morning before baby comes after
school I told her that little bro car
needed shots today she goes Oh mom
please please film it I just want to see
his little face a home alright this
first shot because she remembers yeah
yeah yeah I felt so bad
so we're gonna see rock bro tard cry
today I gotta see how much she weighs
got a big 134 pounds that's nice you
made weight dude I'll toss that up
straight stand up straight tall tall
tall tall
six foot three thirty eight and a half -
half inch is going to be tolerated
good job you're over three feet tall
excellent yeah I know that I'm gonna put
my cough on your arm you see this is the
little cow special for the kids cough
I'm gonna put the cars right here you
see don't flex your muscles do you might
break it okay don't know I'm gonna break
it and do not move please hold still I
gotta hold really still okay it's gonna
be squirt it's gonna squeeze your arm a
little bit can you feel it yeah just
hold still and relax for your arm
oh I like it a good way you can use that
one I like you know that's a good hug
for your arms tight squeezes what was he
he was eight pounds was born they are
born you double your son he was born
eight four right boom gun dog what are
you waiting for boy good job Kevin
scenario master so fun stretch him out
cutie look you are stretch amount oh
yeah oh you're so tall do this you ready
do this ready it's only a matter of time
will you be doing all these acrobatic
tricks acrobatic tricks
alright bring the pain very broad card I
don't have to see me cuz anything angry
yeah here I'll hide you
hey baby puppy until patience and good
so we are at the phone store getting
unusual for me since I had an iPhone 4
and a new phone for shade and it's just
time guys we could not stay connected
anymore and it's time to stay convicted
so we're here with the kids and they're
actually in the car they let me go find
my children they're my children they
were hiding in the cell phone right
don't play tag stay here come here
what is that how did that what was that
I don't know your dog okay
don't you cannot run around in the store
okay but can I get a half I see nope but
you can love me forever you guys have
been so patient I want to thank you from
the bottom of my heart
no listen come here you can't play chase
in the store because there's a lot of
electronics just leave I see a section
from we don't have in $100,000,000
should be nicer girls with your face
it's normal
well good golly Miss Molly thanks a lot
for watching today's Shaytards vlog we
really appreciate it and we appreciate
you coming back every day except for
this weekend that was kind of hard for
me who showed up at the Shaytards page
on Saturday expecting a Shaytards vlog
and was like where's the vlog Shae and
then you remembered we're only doing
Monday through Fridays now it was tough
I'm not gonna lie to you guys because
you know I don't like to deceive you I'm
gonna level with you straight down the
road that's the kind of guy I am a
straight shooter everyday uh Saturday
was tough cuz I was like Oh what should
i do today you know is like not
uploading the vlog was weird
I just I got maybe four or five times
but I got a book oh yeah I'm supposed to
be off today but it felt good it was
nice to have the weekend off and now
I've been like really excited to come
back so I hope you enjoyed today's well
I'm click
on the yesterday's walk if you want to
see what well well oh man so now what do
we do there's not a yesterday's vlog
technically it will be Friday's vlog the
yesterday's vlog on Mondays will be a
Friday vlog by golly this is the first
time we've had to encounter this
predicament whatever shall we do uh well
just click on it and they'll be there
movies up Nick click on the feeling
lucky button and I saw a lot of you guys
commenting saying that you've been going
back and trying to watch like from the
day one when we started five years ago
and try to catch up and try to see all
the Shaytards vlog so I mean if you
haven't seen every Shaytards vlog and
you're bored on the weekends there's
like 1900 of them you can go watch one
of those they're cute - okay I love you
guys
thumbs of the video - Africa hello okay
see you tomorrow bye
