hi I'm logging here all right it's
brothers day back on the court the back
three weeks the decks the Noles and the
butler back on the court again playing
basketball you know how we do I'm
getting old you guys sucks anybody else
out there that's old my knees like hurt
after we play basketball my knees likes
her killing me hey getting old like the
day I turned 34 get old and like can't
get out of bed I'm like I'm sore what
this Casey asked me all over I was like
are you 30 yet here's like wait how are
you 24 you're 24 yeah so you're like are
tendril I'm Way I'm 10 years older than
you I can't hang out with you you're too
young 24 I'm too old I'm 34 years old
it's experience experience all right
pulling up to maker studios I'm in
trouble again you guys aren't played
basketball and I forgot I'm so school
pickup rock tarkas mommy turds shooting
in mom's view you know one interesting
phenomenon I do not know what the code
is to this gate until I get and have to
like look at it if I look at it then I
remember it but if you're to ask me
what's the gate code to get into maker
studios I'm like I don't know but once
I'm actually here at the keypad and I
can see the numbers I just remember the
pattern do you have that same thing or
like if it's like a login password you
don't remember Tyler like they're like
oh yeah it's this because we have so
many logins and passwords remember all
right I think it's lab I can't I can't
show that I think it's this
I didn't do I seriously I don't remember
the code but I remember like the pattern
on the keypad anyways we are here to
pick up hoes that Courtney pants I know
might be Courtney pants scared you let
scare you yeah I did what are you eating
you eatin candy ah they're giving you
candy where hey where are we at right
now she goes that's right maker studios
you just run around the place hanging
out Scott as my pads got a scooter
AIIMS was late and the klutz and they're
shooting the moms of you and I came in
and I asked her off who was doing sound
like hey where's Rock chart he's like I
think he's in the editing Bay Oh in the
editing Bay Jessica who's the manager of
the editing team a like where's rock
tart she's like I don't know he's around
here somewhere and I'm like oh he's just
like running around and maker studios
hanging out then I found him in here
love you hey what do you been doing my
student plant understeer let me see let
me see you ride your scooter that's a
big scooter you're riding this one
that's a big one you can ride that it's
like taller than you are let me see you
ride that bad boy all right let's see it
your pulse ran into the guy I think
that's a little too much scooter for you
bro-heem
oh that's a big scooter huh nice draw
here we are on send the lab to you rock
cards hanging out with his aunt you let
your kids have knives irresponsible
parent you guys shouldn't even have a
parent show right as he stabs himself
hey is that your pad what's the password
can we good day oh just four zeros dude
that's an easy password you just gave it
away now all these people are going to
break into your iPad need to come up
with a better harder combination with
that speaking accommodations right you
know we talked about that hey guys so we
just finished a live stream that we did
from the month so to commemorate enter
to reach for 200k we're so close I
invited
I hope we got their fingers crossed that
we gonn there and thanks to everybody
who has subscribed I love you guys okay
go bump you remember later this is our
setup remember when we were just talking
about this at your house yeah are you
about doing the mom to you and now into
that and subscriber we were all sitting
around and Shay was there we're like the
moms whew yeah like it wasn't that long
ago but we're so grateful ma so we are
celebrating the moms you hitting 200k
okay with this awesome
sparkling oh darn it we're so decided
thank you guys for all of you who have
subscribed to the moms view it's been an
amazing couple of you know how long has
it been even I don't even know but thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it and we're almost to 200,000 I think
we're like 90 away so we're celebrating
anyway just because we're so close I'm
actually here to be on a tale of two
bumps today with Kaylee and sharzad and
they're getting really close to having
their little babies I'm super excited so
stay tuned for that on the bones move
what's wrong tink you watching
Tinkerbell dude that's not a tough show
does she get her wings are you guys
cuddling on the beanbag you guys are
like two peas in a pod did she get her
wings Oh awesome I'm so happy for her -
Tinkerbell get wings do you have a crush
on Taylor buck
no I can't show the TV oh they're best
friends now I'm suing Jeb okay
oh no how are they gonna fix their wings
gonna do that that's how they fix them
oh are you a wing specialist do you know
how to fix wings you guys are cute
cuddling on the beanbag go boy Mahalo
bro Oh Aloha do you like those glasses
yeah they're sweet huh you look good in
them dude you're a pretty rad dog a rat
dog indeed have a sleepy dog back there
how was school he's game what did you
learn
oh dude the finer the finer aspects of
aw I took me until like my senior year
till I learned all that do you hate that
question when parents ask what did you
learn from school it is really cuz it's
kind of annoying I'm like I don't know I
can't remember I want to think about
that I'm out of school now so you think
say none of your beeswax dad Oh baby
don't talk back to me young man if I ask
you a question you answer it you got it
okay
so July no school today oh break my
classes better hurry up and come up with
some knowledge oh that's not a thing to
learn did you kiss any girls no better
no would you play at recess on a soccer
nice k52 slow oh yeah somebody got a
special guest in the mail yeah I don't
have cheer him on
whoever's the last one to open their
doesn't get there oh it's like baby
turns winning looks like you don't get
your son tired and she opens her first
baby chart hurry if you don't you don't
get yourself first and he doesn't get to
keep his or something but I'm making it
what do you think dude is it awesome
oh I think that's probably for rock
disemployment once again what you don't
like a pirate one dude are you gonna cry
did you want one I know they never knew
that you wanted one well you're acting
like you more than kind of do look dude
what do you think what do you think dude
hey I hope you like it cuz sunt are just
super disappointed that it wasn't for
him
we just never told them that you wanted
one time to be sorry you want one we'll
get you on : Duke of madness in here
okay it's time to go to the bookstore
we're going to the book started to learn
how to learn things and the books and
stuff Sandra has a gift card that he's
had for about a year and he hasn't used
it yet and so we're at the bookstore
because he apparently wants this book
that has something to do with Minecraft
so you know what the book is called that
you want there
what's a clog should I know what it
looks like just a stinker that doesn't
happen okay so wait what's it about it's
fiction right I guess make sure it's
fiction then the guy goes into the
Minecraft game somehow yeah it's fiction
for sure okay and don't you'll find out
on the back okay so maybe we should ask
somebody no I know what it looks like
okay but we are you gonna look through
this entire store yeah no oh okay let's
go oh okay change of plans now we're
going to the sports world place to get
Sun card a swimsuit and because Little
Rock chart has to be really bad and
Barnes on oval doesn't have a public
restroom so we have to go to this place
first things you got to do and now let's
get taking off my view shopping is a
treat and an adventure right little bug
subbu
yeah forget you guys
fast forward five years all grown up for
shopping with your mom yes at that point
you won't want to shop at me anymore
call your own car no you don't do that
promise me that you won't turn into
those kind of kids okay okay we'll have
that talk later okay well that was an
adventure I didn't come to the baby was
screaming the whole time
we found a swimming suit we found
goggles are you gonna use your goggles
the playlist like you look scary to do
the road is for more than today so buy
one the girls have picked out their
books and so did rock hard if you take
care what you can dress the girls with
sticker okay this princess bed it's like
a princess Bible how cute I got this
okay cool package one yeah I find I got
them for me and her and you're buying
those on your own mine right I find
these one your Brian knows one with my
money huh yeah buy these please Santora
is still looking for the Minecraft novel
like but I just talked to the lady and
she said they actually don't have them
in the store you have to order them and
then they print them there so anyways I
gotta go find him and tell him okay we
didn't find the Minecraft but but he
found a different book that's gonna get
with his own money and then we're going
to use his gift card for the minecraft
books he really wants to use that for
the might have fun hey guys okay yes you
just got some PJ's for playlist live and
they saw these are baby towards Matt
says wish and I got these ones dad
I'm perfect but don't tell baby's heart
is right why are we shushing she knows
she does know she desert baby turd one
of my teachers saying daddy says that
I'm editing prize around you without
your - okay what again mom do tell him
what happened this morning
but you're too let's go to food dog Oh
sniffing like coca-cola
she got a money from the Tooth Fairy but
she didn't get her tooth taken because
she put her tooth what did you do with
your tooth let's go go go you take it
outside of your bedroom door cold one
okay Frosty the Snowman knows okay okay
he wants to go to the cold one man you
are crazy a night a view I'm trying to
take person chart how to pick out a
watermelon this is the first batch of
gripe water moans that I've seen Hey I
keep thinking out a good watermelon is
you wanted like a knock on it and if it
sounds Hollow that's good but if it's
Hollow and high-pitched then it's better
it's better if it's Hollow and
low-pitched it's probably so good but
it's more ripe because I wanna be
careful and sturdy I'm gonna eat you for
dinner
hey let me you forget her alone
that's good dog Oh yep they're crazy I
like my little minions my humans are
feasting on my flesh
oh that's where the diary that princess
tart got from the bookstore is really
funny I has a lot of different like
things for her to do one of the west
okay name with and it says with your
toes so I'm trying to write my name with
my toes okay so these are lots of
different ways to write your name like
with your eyes closed behind your back
and now we can't tell hide hey makes me
laugh
you're not too bad but your toes are
dirty there we go so good aren't you
glad you don't have to sign in 30 min
every day good and then one says in
lipstick and one says riding in the car
or train mmm I'll do that yeah
sit-outs fun quite a fun book and we're
just waiting for Sun tardies in swim and
I'm feeding the baby so I can't go in
yet are you dad oh yeah quite a my
chubby be honest I'm a little chubby
come here
am i hairy am i Harry do you think it's
gross
be honest would you rather I wasn't this
hairy
I'm Harry I'm not I'm just asking you
questions do you mind that I'm a chubby
hairy guy no obviously I've been with
you for a long time would you rather I
shaved my chest I could Nair it no cuz I
just get Scratchy
yeah that's true you don't want to be
Scratchy huh not really small nipples
I'm embarrassed by my small nipples I
not want to talk about in front of them
they're gonna have small nipples man cuz
I just being honest here your small
nipples out of here weird oh no that's
weird stop it quit touching his nipples
you weirdo I'm gonna call the dog
perversion Society on you I actually am
on a roll since the vacation I kind of
worked out like I went running three
miles one day that was great umm I swam
a lot but we did however go out and have
a lot of delicious dinners I did not
work out her you did too oh you walked I
guess what anyways me what we're gonna
say I was gonna say Brit texted me
earlier to go work out at our house and
I didn't see my texts until 10 o'clock
blacker and I could have gone and worked
out with a friend that always makes it
easier I worked out with her husband
today we played basketball anyways so me
and Casey are actually on a roll one we
have the Tough Mudder coming
with Steve and Carly and you know Steve
and Carly are going hard Steve and Carly
are the blonde bombshell's oh and logan
to the three blonde bombshell's there's
me and Casey to fat bearded dudes we've
gotten asked me in case you've gotten I
was like three times in the last week of
we're twins you are clean yeah anyway so
we have the Tough Mudder coming up plus
playlist live we leave to play less live
next week and I don't want to be like
chubby at playlist live and I can just
see I'm doing a meet-and-greet people
like oh sure you really gain some weight
if you're coming to playlist live you
better not say I've gained weight I'll
punch right in your small nipples now
they will not gonna be like Shay you
look chubby with small nipples if any of
you Swiss it I swear all Crotty chop
your jugular you're at playlist live you
better not say that so I'm feeling good
I actually just got back from the gym I
went and lifted and I sat in the sauna
and I swam and I'm looking for some good
books to motivate me because that helps
so much I just finished listening to was
it um Soul Survivor
no wait was it called lone survivor so
good oh man me and mommy tournament saw
the movie during the movie I started
sobbing at this one point there's just
one line that just got me and it was
silent in the theatre because it's a
very intense moment and I you know how
like all sudden a cry will it come out
of you and can almost sound like a laugh
that happened in the theatre and I was
like embarrassed that people were
thinking that I was laughing during this
very solemn moment but I was actually
crying such a good book and when me and
Ron were running on the beach and I was
listening to that book it was so
motivating anyways so I'm looking to my
download a new book on my my old phone
you guys saw my tweet a couple days ago
I said I went snorkeling with my iPhone
5 there's not an app for that long story
short I've been asking you guys what are
some good books to download I've heard
this is a good runner
what Maze Runner is what it's called or
there was another one The Happiness
Project hey Taylor I was just listening
to that by shawn Achor I love that book
he's talking about anyways I don't wanna
get into it um where's another one I saw
another one the evolution of Mara Dyer
anyways I went to Twitter and I asked
you guys for some good book suggestions
whoo
doodyhead how to fool the entire
internet by shaycarl good one - he had
good one anyways so I'm looking to
download a book if you guys don't have
an audible account that's how I get all
my audiobooks a free download if you
sign up for an audible account
audible.com slash Shaytards if you go
sign up for an audible account you get a
free download what I want to do is I
want to pick a book based on your
suggestion and I want to do like a book
club where I can listen to it and then
we can talk about it if we all are
listening to the same book it'll be fun
to be like oh can you guys believe that
part and what about this concept in that
book I've always wanted to do that and
I've always talked about doing it but
I've actually never done it so I kind of
want to start a shaycarl book club where
we all kind of like pick a book we all
download it and then we all listen to it
and then we can discuss it and like
maybe even that's how we'll bring when
the kids go to sleep back is that we can
start discussing the audio books that we
download in our book club together on
when the kids go to sleep so if you want
to join the book club go to
audible.com/gmm Bursch 'ip and get a
free download and we'll pick a book so
we need to figure out a way I'm gonna
wait until I see you guys this comments
off this vlog after you guys comment
which book you think I should download I
want it to be like a you know nonfiction
motivational slash doesn't necessarily
have to be business or fitness but just
something that just like makes you want
to do good in life just like you know
like refresh your motivation to be like
yes I can be successful why am I wasting
my life away what am I really doing with
myself
why don't I apply myself more and become
somebody I believed hallelujah a ballet
praise Jesus that's the kind of book I'm
looking for Zeke praises Jesus - so give
me suggestions leave them below we're
gonna pick one we'll all decide on one
I'll pick maybe like three I'll do a
Facebook poll and then we'll pick one of
the books and then we'll all listen to
it and we can talk about it cool sweet
rad okay
links below if you want an audible
account get a free download if not just
you can get it other ways but like I've
said in the past I have an audible
account I love it I use it all the time
I'm downloading multiple books and
listening to them
motivate in my life okay so get one and
then comment below on which book you
think that we should all listen to
together and then we'll sort of shake
our book club okay cool
rad awesome see you tomorrow you smell
that smells like a brand deal to me who
does this shaycarl guy thinks he is huh
trying to motivate people and getting
paid for what a scumbag uh yeah it's a
brand deal I'm getting paid to promote
audible I think it's a great service
I love the website I love books books
are good for your brain
and to be honest it's a great way to
bring back the podcast a lot of you guys
have been asking when we're gonna bring
back the wind the kids go to sleep
podcast this will be a perfect way if we
can get a sponsor it'll help us to
justify the resources that we need like
the sound guy the film crew the editor
cuz I just I don't have enough time to
do that all on my own so with the
sponsor like audible.com we can bring
the podcast back okay so that's a good
thing it's a good thing I just search
that's a good thing your you want to see
some other good things click on the one
two three and four five years ago that's
so crazy saying five click on the
yesterday's walking I'm feeling lucky
button if you guys haven't subscribed go
subscribe to the mommies view yeah good
mommies they're cute every loves mommies
alright see you tomorrow love you know
oh I forgot
we will not see you tomorrow it's the
weekend baby TGIF I'm off of work
weekend baby yeah good I'll see you guys
on Monday
