hi I'm logging here yeah you're looking
so spiffy today you just live on the
islands right
no you're screaming Joey so we're here
Church ohmmeter it looks nice for church
thank you thank you we go to church on
the island
praise Jesus here we go Jamaican well I
used to live in the West Indies yes look
I have cool wood sunglasses I bought
yesterday they're made out of a Hawaiian
wood called coca-cola wah wah wah wah
koa KOAT I really like them it only
grows here and they're made out of wood
real wood coal what I just told you that
let's go to church you're beautiful
these things are truly in the Holy Name
of Jesus Christ amen
am I on you're just going to you
massively father has promised us he will
deliver on his promises and he will
never go back on his promise we propose
that we add to our lives only things
that will stir and then we should try
take away the great lessons will come to
you your friends almost and they do this
in the name of Jesus Christ amen amen
this is long hello ha it's good to be
with you think about the theme of the
conference today for God has not given
us the spirit of fear but of power and a
blood of a sound mind be not now
therefore ashamed the testimony of our
Lord oh I did actually I've logged about
you guys between the note on our card
okay so here the psycho creeper fans who
stalked us down in there douche
yourselves uh Clayton when I remembered
your name before you did introduce
yourself Bailey I'm Bailey I'm moisture
Moises I'm like wait a minute
not you anyways these guys are cool
dudes and dudettes and they found our
rental car and left us a note and then
we came to church with them it was a lot
of fun you have fun it's fun it's fun
now you guys are going to heaven good
job alright they wanted to be in the
blog smother in the wallet totally new
you nailed it good job okay I'm supposed
to shoot a chase you can see how
handsome he looks guys that was the
request hey Carl
see you back so yeah I want you building
it all in hmm oh I'm getting this all in
bed I just tell Colet how lucky woman
she is yeah he was just telling me I'm
so rugged handsome and humble
I mean humility
is just seeping out of your somila I
basically got it all
which means you got it all VIP love you
everybody welcome to one take Sunday
hosted by mr. handsome rugged shaycarl
here's Jill demo I'm take Sunday yeah
but it's Sunday a nice tune we'll take
Sunday's SART is it the one day Sunday
no not afar you gonna so no not till
Wednesday
I'm not we're gonna go down to the pool
okay let's put out to the pool come on
folks
let's go down to the pool you guys bad
news Colette lost her wedding ring I
don't know where it is
it's somewhere in the swimming pool we
gotta find it you guys come on come with
me Rob this is we're gonna find this
ring
you
I think I got it last day on kawaii you
sad then we're going to have lunch with
not too shabby of a view ladies and
gentlemen we are at the beach house I
just got done snorkeling saw some
amazing fish I got a giant gash in my
name gonna miss a man this has been
gorgeous it's been very relaxing
when the missus wrote tizzle has enjoyed
himself I fill he has his Hawaiian garb
on with his Turtles
Turner Turner you just stay like three
weeks I'm gonna bring the kids back I
know the kids would love this son tarde
would love snorkeling out there he would
love it I know he would hurt to start
would too I don't know if baby turtles
like it I tried it
Colette tried it watch was terrified it
was like you need to come out with me
but of course we have a baby so we had
to take turn took turn yeah with the
floor clean gear excited be wearing my
LA Marathon tank top at least four well
I got Bert when's your next marathon
babe New York in November me
all right my love Mahalo Aloha I love
you all the good things of the islands
add a hallelujah time with you
who
this is a lot of fun this
is very relaxing very enjoyable very
delicious all the good things you want
oh wow it's real mango
my better years is better um you know
isn't doing it
virgins
nope we are getting drunk how are you I
stood there
totally partying this guy had some black
tar heroin before we woke up
excellent and a delicious calamari
Caesar salad and whatever that is but it
looks delicious it looks delicious well
it actually is I had some bites it is
delicious
all right goodbye beach house we just
had the best time
snorkeling out there and then sitting on
the sandy beaches we were watching some
surfers then we just had lunch right
there it was super delicious I was just
telling Colette how great it is to be
able like Oh some of you won't
appreciate this but I just want to talk
about it for a minute um we just spent
hundred dollars on lunch that's a lot
for two people to eat lunch I mean it's
a really nice restaurant right here on
the beach like we could have thrown our
calamari back in the ocean we wanted to
that's how closely we swim away that's
what we do we like to order calamari and
then free it back into the wild swim
free or free we have saved you
oh wait your deep fat fried um but you
know we both I got a pina colada and she
got some mango drink and we got an
appetizer and then I got a Caesar salad
and then I got the fish tacos and the
check came to 82 bucks and then by the
time you know I gave her a pretty good
tip at least 20% or was 20% so as $100
and I was just thinking man I remember
the day so clearly when we if we
dispense that much on lunch it would
have just been insane like I you know
specifically I remember the days where
it's like okay we have two hundred and
seventy six dollars in our checking
account we just dropped a hundred
dollars on lunch that means you have a
hundred we never would have yeah we
would have looked at the menu whistle
Kenny here let's go and get KFC and not
that there's anything wrong with that
and I'm not saying like we're so rich
now but I just remember those days where
you know last time we went on to Hawaii
the last time like four and a half years
ago we came to Hawaii we
are just starting YouTube we're totally
broke you know those feelings of like
okay we have 176 dollars in our checking
account by the time we need you know fly
home we buy a few snacks by the time we
get home we're probably gonna have like
eighty dollars in our checking account
by then and we don't get paid for
another four days so can we live on 80
dollars for the next four days how many
how much groceries do we have in the
pantry you have to remember those days
so we just we set a little prayer and we
think our Heavenly Father for the
blessings that we have but I just want
to let you know that if you're going
through that that if you work hard and
you be patient and you are smart with
your money eventually you will you won't
have to suffer through those hard times
anymore and you know I just I don't know
I want to like share that with you
because that's what these vlogs are
about is about sharing specific life
experiences and this is a very specific
one and I just remember all too well you
know struggling to make ends meet and
still wanting to go do fun things you
know while you're on vacation and it's
frustrating you're like you know can't
we can't even have enjoy ourselves cuz
we're stressing about money and we're
stressed about if we're gonna have
enough money to you know provide for our
family until we get our next paycheck
trip was actually it was a we won the
trip so it was like we gotta make it
yeah the last thing the last week the
saved money to be able to go on the trip
that we won I won a gold gym weight loss
challenge that's the only reason we went
to Hawaii last time we couldn't afford
to go to Hawaii but I want a free trip
but we did that we like saved up for
like three or four weeks so that we
could like yeah like have money to you
know just to be in Hawaii anyways if
you're at if you're at that spot in life
that's just a spot it's just a part in
the path of the road keep working keep
saving keep being diligent and you'll
get past that and now we just spent $100
on lunch and it was like that's not bad
we can afford that like forged but we're
not like no yeah we're not freaking out
about it I don't know I'm just saying
that one I have amazing hair you did
don't be jealous of my hair you work
hard you can have her like this one day
I did I got a giant gash in my knee
could've fell no no yeah it was like
whenever anyways don't give up you can
do it you can achieve anything I promise
you me I love you guys okay like
calamari was so good alright we're gonna
head back to the hotel
aha okay Shay wanted me to film him
using the Jeep because he thinks he's
really cool did you think that was gold
did you like it okay I got a honk that
means he's going again you're Inception
crazy so cool God she talked me into the
upgrade yes she got you good didn't she
want to leave bed that sounded like a
Hawaiian word I don't want to want to
leave i'ma come on come on come on come
on come on come on come become a
chameleon let's just move here under
watch that footage now was it cool
alright so we checked out of our hotel
we stayed at the Grand Hyatt you guys if
you ever come to Hawaii it is the best
hotel on the island the staff the food
the setting where it's like located
right by these cliffs it's amazing if
you ever want to come to Hawaii come to
Hawaii and stay at the Grand Hyatt we
loved it now our headed back to the
airport and we just stopped at the
Marriott actually to check out the
settings I'm depressed what I said it's
nice but I'm glad we stayed really say
oh yeah anyways check out these
mountains that's what I love about this
place mountains oceans clouds who
doesn't love clouds yeah look at these
these trees and these people and cool oh
my goodness and of course here in Kauai
they have state-of-the-art weather
Doppler radar system here it's called
actually the coconut weather station
it's pretty easy to tell and it's very
up to minute weather reporting system
prepared here by the courtesy of the
Marriott let's see if the coconut is wet
then of course it is raining if the
coconut is swain it's windy if it's hot
it's sunny if it's cool it's overcast if
it's blue it's cold if it's shaking
there
an earthquake and of course if there is
no coconut there's a hurricane it feels
wet must have been raining it's funny
because you know it's never going to be
blue because it's never cold here
well sometimes you get blue nuts look
your dad but never get blue ahem just
picture your here relaxing poolside with
a nice pina colada
sudden glasses on with your swimming
suit and join a nice warm breeze as we
watch the sunset beautiful luau music
playing pretty nice not gonna lie it's
really nice gorgeous waterfalls
beautiful people delicious food air
smells really good
trying to give you the vicarious
vacation you're sitting behind your
computer at home you just have the
vicarious vacation experience why did
the chicken cross the road to go on
vacation to Hawaii of course you silly
goof didn't you know we're leaving bye
Mahalo I love you you're the awesome
Ahana luckily their hot box in the
airplane whoops
scary
all right so we took a plane from kawaii
to Honolulu an hour flying from Honolulu
to LAX
why is three hours behind or ahead or no
behind LA so that means we're six hours
ahead of New York that's crazy
anyways uh we're about chicken on a
6-hour flight across the Pacific Ocean
where are you gonna do
good night sir sure that is not a bed
dear weirdo
we landed in la la baby excited to be
back home
go see your brothers and sisters yeah
he's excited all right vacations over
cheats are going to get mauled in about
15 minutes yeah the girls are going to
attack him so we flew from Quetta
Honolulu to Honolulu to hon come on a
one away ah Los Angeles is what I mean
say we got to go home and then take the
kids to school it's 6:00 a.m. yeah yeah
okay we're home vacation over look who I
got got my little boy got my little boy
did you miss your little brother I
missed him and guess where I did on my
calendar I ever seen good he was so cute
so it is that what you did your tooth
fall out soon as these you're to Silla
you were I'm holding you down we're
taking it out you should sleep in your
bed give me kiss
I missed you I missed you so much
excited to see your baby brother yeah at
the beach the whole time we're in Hawaii
I went swimming with fish yesterday not
cool you go to the beach dad missed you
guys missing girls well guess what time
to get up and get ready for school it's
time for school school week you guys
miss him today he missed you guys
well if I didn't say it a million times
it was gorgeous we had an amazing time
we want to go back we want to live there
we want to eat up Hawaii serious I just
want to eat it for dinner
all right so guys here's the schedule
Monday through Fridays here on the
Shaytards
everyone so Ellen might throw up a
Saturday or Sunday video just depending
on how I feel you know we got on
vacation and I decided I really enjoy
doing YouTube it was just nice to not
have to upload a vlog so taking those
two days off was nice it'll be great to
take Sundays off you know what I'm
saying like just to have that pressure
over your head of uploading the vlog
every day that was what was kind of
grinding on me and now that I just took
a few days
off I feel a lot of relief a lot of
pressure taken away and now it's fun
again for me basically the name of the
game here when I want I'm gonna upload a
vlog and most likely it's gonna be
Monday through Friday if I'd miss a day
so what I want the vlogs to be good and
I want them to be fun for me and that is
actually my real relaxation
I really do find a lot of relaxation
here on YouTube and I really enjoy it
all right so uh we'll see you tomorrow
yeah Willie yep we will baby we seem
tomorrow you know it okay to click on
some videos love you guys
