all right I think today seems like a
perfect day to go on a helicopter ride
would you like to win a helicopter ride
would you like some of your hotel water
first you guys remember that right now I
talked about making hotel lobby water a
big vat of delicious ice-cold water with
some fruit in it we have a cold
towelette if you want to moisten your
face off maybe you want to you know the
fresh lay or some of these feet I mean
they have everything here at the front
what else could you want
very little big fat bearded castle sure
I got that for you too
mm-hmm yes we are going on the waterfall
helicopter tour that was interesting arc
oh you guys you guys you guys I oh I'm
vlogging and driving I can't live
walking driving away long and drive in
Hawaii
you can't anywhere Hey okay so couple
things one where's our notes you guys so
our freaking red Jeep that was at the
valet place we have we got a letter
somebody left a note on our car hey
Shane Collette and Daxton we found your
car after looking at a post on Instagram
we are three high school kids that are
giant fans of you all
we are also LDS Mormons and me and
Collette were saying we're like we got
to find a church an LDS Church on the
GPS and it wouldn't pull any apps we're
like oh no no we want to go to church on
Sunday but we're like maybe they don't
have a church bill in here
so then we got that note and we're like
oh good we can call them and they can
tell us where to go well now we're
headed on our way to the helicopter
place and then we took a wrong turn a
little we found our church hey Mormons
hey Mormons right here check it check it
check it check it we're coming in we'll
come on in and we'll come in the Church
of Jesus Christ of latter-day saints so
we're gonna come here tomorrow on Sunday
go to church I'm so excited it's a big
blue church I really like it that's
actually one of my favorite things about
the Mormon Church is that no matter
where you go in the world it is exactly
the same we go there on Sunday they will
teach exactly the same things they teach
at our church in California in Idaho in
fact the entire church worldwide is on
the same lessons I know that the like
that Sunday school will be about the Old
Testament
I know that we're on lesson six in the
Old Testament when we go there on Sunday
so I can already go and read the lesson
that they'll teach here in some random
island in Hawaii because it's like a
worldwide church so no matter where you
are in the world they're all exactly the
same what I think is really cool and
that was actually something we first
moved to LA some of our friends are like
so did you find a church that you like
that you like feel like you fit in it's
like well doesn't matter because they're
all the same no matter where you go so
anyways we're gonna go there on Sunday
but now I get to the helicopter here we
go we're checking in for a helicopter
tour
sware island helicopters in Kauai Hawaii
oh I'm so excited
check it out dude Jurassic Falls look
Kevin Costner was even here you guys
that's how special it is hey Kevin good
to see you bud dude you're looking so
cool niner-niner get to the choppa like
what are we doing you know as I think
about it I have never been on a
helicopter in my entire life in all 34
years I've never been under choppa -
Jordan shop crime row charge you ready
for this
hey yeah I've been sucked down just like
in the movies we go to get on the
chopper you got a duck now okay gotta
get down like this so there's over the
place don't cut your head off here we go
baby
we're about to go up in the AR let's get
to the top
daughter
ready
yes sir
wrong
got baby did a great job man look at
this view that may be one of the top
coolest things I've ever done I
definitely want to get my helicopters
license now like they're so agile just
like the sets it down fixed up until
this is really shot dressing first
coming through here you guys you just
wait we're hiking to the Falls right now
we got a sleeping baby go sleep the
loudest part he loved that right it was
too relaxed
I like velociraptors you can eat him
he's sleeping you can only eat him when
he's awake okay right that's even worse
so I guess these Falls I can't remember
the real name of them but they're a KA
Jurassic Falls the one you see in
Jurassic Park oh no I saw it in the like
the brochure they're called the totally
freaking awesome amazing waterfalls that
we're about to go look at and see with
our faces that's what they're called
yeah that's what they said about a truck
we can see the top of them right now
look at that amazing what does he say
base jump off the top of that ah it's so
pretty right
check it out your day
they're 400 feet of water beautiful
water I love you look at that
this isn't
one of the skinny different work I think
the block where I'm walking set on
fallin okay so this is exactly where
they shot the very first opening scene
in Jurassic Park one our guy just told a
few are these steaks are right here they
built a big cement helicopter pad which
has since been removed but they landed
the helicopter right here right by the
falls and then the two Jurassic Park
jeeps were parked right there and they
drove off into Jurassic Park but this is
it it's owned by a private family I
guess the Robinson family is there water
for 400 feet to the tip tippity-top and
all's I have to say is bum bum bum bum
bum bum I want to jump in here so bad I
asked the guy jokingly half joke I could
jump in skinny-dipping just not what I'm
like no sir this is like a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity if he
will let me I would strip down naked and
jump in this water right now we want to
fill it but see how cold it is it's all
rainwater you guys it's like the
rainiest place in the world this is all
from rainwater he says it always stays
like this it never slows down
it's amazing that is amazing there's
mommy card it is gorgeous this amazing
once the lifetime opportunity I'm glad
you guys could be here with us so now
you have to go watch Jurassic Park and
be like I've been there with shame you
and she went there and hung out once
tom is a dreamer who stares up into the
night sky and watches the face although
friendly eyes are gazing back Tony's
intently listen to here in the small
dreamers side too
I dream of a beautiful name
and of three little children to laugh
and to play here this poor
more dreamer and please grande meaning
love our family is my
saw the hope in the poor dreamers eyes
and he granted him all that he has the
dream I rejoiced and he went on his way
five years pass and a dreamer came back
I dream for each child fancy dresses and
jewels for my life here this poor
more dreamer and please grant me riches
he night for a comfortable
okay so that helicopter tour of a
private waterfall was pretty cool but
now we're in a very very exotic place
I think it's called Wailea Marte very
cool only here on the islands do you get
to come to this kind of locale this is
really fancy look at the colors my meter
is feeling a little thick from the
helicopter ride I get sick when I'm on
things that move seriously I was gonna
make a joke there but I won't okay nope
wale um Marte and clearance all right
you guys I went and bought some tools of
the trade we're about to do some
underwater video here in Hawaii got the
snorkel got the flippers and an
underwater camera don't say I don't love
you guys don't say I've never done
nothing for you we're gonna go
underwater I'm gonna show you the beauty
of Hawaii underwater
okay so try to get some shots but mostly
I'm just having an awesome time I get
this surfer dude surfer Carol few wants
me to back it always I have a lot of fun
I don't know if this is not actually
like a small quaint area but I do it
anyway
cool that was neat oh here he goes he's
gonna catch away it was too bubbly you
couldn't think everybody caught it it
was sweet big ways baby because why Ward
ooh this is a monster wave get ready
here comes
that's a big monster poor dolly for
tunnel man you can feel the power of
those things
he always think of the word that scares
me is the ocean a pretty fearless as
they say the ocean scares the heck out
of me about here facing my fears I don't
want to tell you guys left
she's pretty freaking scary follow me I
love you Josh here comes a beauty here
she comes
hey guys okay so I got out of the ocean
and it was scary out there and then
Jonah came around in and said hello
he says he's the only one on the island
of Kauai who watches our vlogs every day
that's awesome dude how long you been
watching for two years two years that's
sweet pulling it up in quite horny
really no way I've been trying to talk
mommy Tartan to move in here that's all
my turn man did you I think if I just
stopped today did you ask where I was
asked her she yeah she probably sent you
to save me she thinks I'm gonna drowned
out here
it's pretty intense waves but I have
survived it all right yeah you destroyed
her bug all right buddy good to meet you
why hi guys all right here comes the
water dude this is awesome
and it's starting to rain - this is so
cool I would love to live here
there's a whale see the way way out
there you guys have a whale way out
there yeah there's a whale jumping way
out there
look see it right there you see out
there there's giant whales jump and look
at them I wish to zoom on this camera
was better
yeah it's pretty weird the baby we took
him up there we threw him off he swam in
notices there he's fine good fine yeah
it's pretty hazing up when we were up
there actually we saw the whales jump oh
there they go again
dude gigantic whales out there jumping
so you might get another one there it is
oh yeah you just jump
there's another one oh I just out there
playing around well it must be lunchtime
beautiful woman what do you think about
this Hawaiian vacation so amazing yeah I
just want to stay I agree bring all our
kids out here today hey Carl's gonna
snorkel in the pool
laundry water is sweat for see over here
hold through it
hold it - palace wicked hot I'm up to
edit all this out - ha
you
the ambience is very magical I love you
lovely lady yes I do
only ambiance is very magical in this
restaurant that's an Italian place the
Sun is setting on the beautiful Hawaii
beaches we are here among the shells and
the lights and the baby in the name you
ready for a fantastic romantic dinner
all right so we're at an Italian place
called Don doze Don dirt we're good how
are you dang it I'm a freaking glutton I
always want to film my dinner and I
forget until I have demolished it and
it's gone because they bring it and it's
like whoa like so pretty looking and
then I just dive into it like Scrooge
McDuck dives into his gold coins and
it's all gone so here's the aftermath
that t-bone is all chomped up Monica get
the risotto and very good very delicious
she's had 16 root beers to
well that's a video I'm gonna watch
multiple times throughout my life with
fond memories dang Gina is gorgeous
there it is so pretty I had such a good
time Colette and I still we're still
talking about like man we want to go
back we actually do have plans to go
back there in the works because we do
really it's so awesome
hey big shout out thank you to ronald
jenkees and kelly more music for
providing the great ambiance today check
out their links below remember how I
taught you to find the description click
the show more button you can see all
kinds of links down there it's like
scuba diving for links I didn't know how
much to leave in when I started editing
this vlog I had about 45 minutes but a
lot of it's like shaky camera and like
weird shots under the water so hopefully
you enjoyed this video and you got a
great taste of what it's like to go to
Hawaii we really do we feel like you
guys are part of this journey with us
and so when you guys watch these vlogs
it's like you're there with us we hope
you enjoy the experience
thumbs it up you know you can't just get
on this Hawaii vacation trip for free
you gotta pay the price of admission
thanks for watching you guys we
appreciate it leave a comment and click
on all those links to revisit zekiel
quiet quit shaking your giant ears on
vlogging here click on the 1 2 3 4 & 5
years ago to see what the Shaytards are
doing all those years ago click on
yesterday's vlog and there's a very
special video on the feelin lucky button
click on that to see that video ok where
they'll see you tomorrow we're back
