Oh get a picture this is the hand that
she shook keyless yeah oh so nice and
let it see you like this look chi'lan is
a perfect out then we can get our
initial descent to Salt Lake
dude blankets great for cleaning lenses
yeah airplane blankets Cesar song so
here's the story Colette got the 7:00
a.m. why I'm like I still got to edit
the flaw there's no way so she went on
the 7:00 a.m. flight and I caught the
1:00 p.m. flash she came from a couple
hours before me excited get that flogged
up you guys like yesterday's stringy
swamp oh he does love you you're right
well we're back did you miss his book
he's hungry so you feed him he's hungry
high fashion Gris
all right we're back and we are ready to
rock and roll the kids have let's see if
he has a meet today I think it's our
last cross-country meet and so we're
gonna go cheer her on it is cold the sun
shining but it's very close so we're
gonna try to stay warm and look see the
keys
oh so satisfying look they're all
crowded over here this is like sweet are
you so happy unique you get your own
Bowl oh that man came over to share with
you sometimes if they're really hungry
they start growling at each other but
they're pretty good today
oh hi fresh look but some food for you
there you go how are you Amy mmm I love
you all right
let's get out of here as the Red
Mountain going boo can you see Jackson
through the screen
and it wasn't quite sure I'm like flock
dachshund saying that please being so
cute they're not yeah you can turn
around for a second hi hi guys
Amy's vlogging are you nervous really
what do you want me to do haha ok turn
it back on Jackson Jackson a makeup pup
tell him where we're going remember
we're gonna go watch your sister run
ready yep we're gonna go with a buffer
oh yeah he wanted to go camping
I said not today we're gonna go watch
this - run I had camera I was like okay
Bob but I need to hand the car to you
I meant camera so guess what guys it is
raining and hailing I'm gonna cross
country me and they come to the right
when you're about to go they're gonna go
cuz they go at eighth grade seventh
grade and we're about to go they're like
sighs my skin look like it's just water
so they're so they canceled the race
lemare hey did you guys miss me okay
Queenie they asked me what could I could
run from your mom and dad for you watch
you I'm gonna run for my mom and dad or
anything I'm sorry it's all the rain
it's in my ear guys I'm in major trouble
I'm sorry I talked to Peyton list is our
last name yes I talked to her on the red
carpet but I didn't get a picture with
her because they were like rushing us
off the red carpet but I told her that
my kids love her and now I do but girls
were just like a joke at a picture like
no dang it I did anyways and I just told
her that I thought she was awesome when
she was like thank you and she shook my
hand and I don't know if she knew who I
was but let me
he was awesome I wish there was a camera
this is the hand that she shook us yes
we have to shout on the camera that is
the hand that I shook painting I am so
famous I don't know how to hold the
camera right good am i holder right
you're ugly doing pretty good am I on
the speaker I love it hold it kind of
down so you don't take the sides like
that where's the speaker up on the time
we're here all right guess who I made it
I'm home these clouds are so oh so nice
mr. dad's studio okay mr. bus man let's
see show me Dax watch us guys look dig
in here goes Oh crash Emmie would you
get grilled cheese tax that yummy mac
and cheese
good boy that's a good bite that's a
good bite in you said you didn't want
mac and cheese
now you're seeing it it looks so
delicious and you want to bite baby Dax
will give you a bite mom got a salad
Sisu Gavin rockin some spaghetti not
SpaghettiOs chili
I got the tomato soup and whatever that
crap is okay now I'm ready and I did you
like this look no are you asking me she
said if I didn't do that came it what's
the look am i doing up yes why during a
guys hey okay what's the other one it's
alright this is the first fed baby yeah
I can do what I love me like you like us
out of love a good easy I have to move
your eyebrows my idea another one what
was it is it ca was 8o the other side I
know yeah
/ - I'm over here it looks like your
face is flat what yeah flat like this
you know it's like bump right here it's
flat
what head really my facebook flat yeah
over here the way Facebook quantized
accent butter sure dachshund I far ask
him I'm Lexie could you do this Dickson
do do your math face PP you crazy
okay we got to go get some groceries
Dickson that's not I do it the boys went
with dad that's why we don't have Brock
with us anymore okay
my
