good morning today is March 6th the very
first day of the rest of my life
and you don't even have to log in you're
stuck I knew I couldn't do it on the
Hawaii I can do it I do ever want okay
let's go to Hawaii are you gonna miss
your mother and father guess where we're
going hawawa that's right we're going to
a tropical paradise called cold Wawa
love you that way we help out KC help
okay seen Haley okay
and we'll send you Honolulu flowers okay
bye can you kiss buddy
yeah kara whoa big shout out to little
brother Casey LaVere for watching the
five kids while we're gone hey I'm just
gonna tell you this right here I hope
they don't die I've watched two kids
before a lot I'm good to buy offense
well actually only leaving four of them
we're taking them opposed to a mine six
total so it's a possibility one of mine
might die well so we'll see
excuse me did you just stow away in our
luggage do you think you'll get to go to
Hawaii with mom and dad
oh-ho suckers I'm gonna sleep on the
beach all day if you ever took shelter
before a little moon
need to touch outside of a plane
it'll put a little beer then in a second
actually always a world traveler if it's
an international man of Liana handed a
platinum member exactly yes funny
already
you
in another life I was the beautiful sky
on my world the perfect circle of sun
sand and water dock the camera out of my
that was a rough landing it's marina
beautiful
we're supposed to go to call somebody's
shuttle today all about one alright so
the lady at the rental car place talked
me into the upgrade I think so I think
we have a lot of fun in this baby strap
the kid in we're going to take the top
down and drive around kawaii I've always
wanted to drive around at topless red
Jeep elbow elbow to the GM now chief
elbow I hate when you get Jeep Oh Bo
that's the worst thing Jeep elbow are
you gonna put the shell in our hotel
room in the hotel maybe a glass we'll
take it up I hear a rooster my first
Hawaiian rooster we got Jeep elbow we
got roosters we got topless chicks
I mean Jeeps it's gonna be quite the
Sahara Jeeps honey not chicks Jays
having a really hard time not morning
just so you know Wow look at this
we got a shower what a blush and green
and gorgeous the mountains were over
there we forgot to show you guys dude
this is amazing
we like hey don't tell where we're at I
don't tell we're gonna live in Hawaii
we're gonna buy it
look there's a KFC their KFC here yeah
we're in us we are in so shouldn't you
tell him the story should I start with
this right okay guys
yesterday morning the plan was we were
headed to Cabo and that was the surprise
plan that I had gotten for Shaffer
Hesburgh elbow San Luca babo I was like
yeah yeah fun Cabo whatever and I looked
on the website and said the only travel
documents that I would need is a birth
certificate and an ID which I had so I
was like oh cool we're fine and then
yesterday for some reason I was like I
wonder and so I looked into it a little
bit further and apparently if you're
going by land you only have to have a
birth certificate and photo ID but if
you're traveling by air you and every
passenger including the baby needs a
passport so when we show the other day
when she like revealed to me where we
were going and she showed me on the
computer we are on the very southern
peninsula
tip of Mexico in Cabo San Lucas there's
this giant like Rock Mountain right now
the ocean and we're so excited to go
anyways last night I go upstairs and
mommy turns on the phone in tears like
streaming down her face Lisa and Ben and
Ron and everybody came over a birthday
party birthday celebration and I walk in
and I thought somebody like in the
family died cuz I was like babe what's
the matter what's the matter and she's
like I'm just crying
taramis T I'm like what happens like we
need a passport I'm like because my
stupidity like I didn't double check
before now I said I said babe there's
plenty of hotels in Santa Monica we can
have sex in worry about it I don't wanna
go so I don't know if I can say who but
a good buddy of mine you all know him
has a family member who works at a hotel
here in Hawaii he hooked us up with a
sweet deal last-minute this was last
night last night less than 12 hours ago
we were not gonna go on vacation I
texted my buddy and stated bowling
what's crying ruin the dream Lisa's like
oh Collette it's okay it's okay and they
all felt so bad for Collette we booked
this trip last-minute we did get him a
refund on the other like a partial
refund long story short we were gonna go
to cabo it got cancelled collect cried
her eyes out weary booked a trip to
Hawaii and now we're here in this lunch
droplet the day by rebooking our trip I
was devastated I thought for sure it was
over and we weren't gonna go anywhere
and he saved the day
no Cabo hello Hawaii the greenery she
peered through the Green Green Green
Green Green Green I'm making this song
of renown
bringing a knock cool red red it'll be a
best-seller babe those mountains
Wow I'm gonna climb a drop of that
mountain
are you got to lay my wife babe hurry
he's ready to give you your phone we had
to bring our baby he's really a buzzkill
sometimes Aloha that's cool I'm ready oh
yes there you go okay and the kissing
there you go your SPO up in Victor's
vlogging for us yeah there you go right
in place ever
hey nice Grand Hyatt this is the place
is the spot all right right as you walk
into the Grand Hyatt
check out this it's like that's the
ocean out there that's the ocean
straight through there okay go check it
over here all right you're gonna look
okay I'll go check in what would you say
these nuts are called en kakuna Kui nuts
hey you I got my Katerina all right so
that's not a bad view like right outside
your front door of your room all right
let's just see how good this hookup
really is welcome to your getaway in
paradise Oh My heck look at this view oh
yeah are you giving to look at this
wheels yeah this is gorgeous
open that sliding glass door wow man
Wow look at that and there's the ocean
gee this is great look at this grass run
over here oh this is a gigantic resort
there's a huge Cullen there I'm gonna go
running every day on the beach we'd have
a gazebo dance we'll come and dance here
in the gazebo Aloha everybody check out
these views those trees
there's pools everywhere right off the
ocean and go down and sit in that little
swing step swing we go swinging that
swing this is like a giant complex of
swimming pools and restaurants and
oceans and palm trees and hot chicks oh
there's one I think we're on vacation
now to us hey bro tired I think you're
pretty lucky gorgeous here oh there's a
giant baby here come real quick should
try and hammock over here I did just ran
what do you think about this place
check us out we're in a giant what would
you call this like a atrium giant room
eating we ordered some salads some
hummus and we ordered a baby baby got
here to this place it is not too shabby
it's like you're in paradise it's funny
it reminds me of like a fake paradise
like what you would see like a
Disneyland ride but everything is green
and lush and relaxed and the weather is
amazing like all the doors and windows
are just open it's like a perfect
temperature smells delicious an ocean
breeze coming to that giant I have my
flip-flops my shorts on and we're just
relaxing
you having a gitanos look at these
grounds mr. Miyagi trimmed each one of
these bushes himself of course Daniel
son did in the training for Karate Kid
17 but if it's so gorgeous
alright so we just got done eating and
we went down to the ocean I told cloud I
so we have to go before I go to sleep
our first night here in Hawaii we have
to go down put our feet in the ocean and
we put rod we put bro tards feet but a
big wave came along and a giant wave hit
him right in the back and he got soaking
wet so now he's free-balling it there
Shawn
are you totally free balling it I gotta
be careful there's a naked baby under
there yeah yeah I'm naked touch the
ocean and cotton
tell him about it never
good morning it's day two he reversed
it's raining okay still beautiful smells
good too at the rain here comes the rain
again falling on my head like memory I'm
gonna go swimming I don't care if the
swimming pool is falling out of the sky
I'm gonna get a massage at 3:30 I have a
massage so okay I don't care if it's
rated so we're just sitting here I
decided to upload a vlog because it's
raining and mommy card said I could have
20 minutes of internet time I I was put
out in time out but she said I could
have some internet time it's a we've
just been sitting here talking about it
we're like well this is I mean it's our
vacation you can do whatever we want
really relaxing cuz like I never get to
just sit down and like watch videos cuz
I always have something to do I make mac
and cheese mom always mom dude this is
really nice huh so I'm uploading the
vlog and it has been interesting to kind
of like me my own get my head a little
bit and be like so cuz I have I love
YouTube and I wasn't telling about that
I'm like is it room services here that's
not bad either is my self-worth based on
my YouTube success like I've been trying
to like ask myself those questions and
use this like time to assert like what
is YouTube mean to me and even just
yesterday not being on YouTube and
uploading the video it was tough it was
like I love that I find so much
satisfaction out of it and yesterday it
kind of helped me realize that it
doesn't feel like a job to me it's
something that I really genuinely enjoy
doing I love the interaction I love the
feeling that when the video first
uploads and those first comments come in
and just know that it worked
I made this you know this communication
via video I put it on the internet and
people are seen it was gone you better
tip him good
Colet
she's a bad tipper sometimes and but I
can't afford more than that good all
right thank you Mahalo I know what is it
do I say aloha
or Mahalo Mahalo means thank you thank
you okay good
Mahalo yeah I was confused too as I when
I said Mahalo boom
wouldn't we get fresh fruit papaya look
lime pineapple oh yeah what's in this
one this is our breakfast dang girl
dang Gina I'm so dad and it's yummy
water and fruit for all your toots
okay so uploading the vlog and then as
soon as the rain stops we're gonna go
out walk around I have a massage at 4:00
so I have a pretty packed day you guys
it's a tough life and in even better
news the Internet is fast here I just
uploaded a 19-minute vlog that went up
in maybe 15 minutes that is some good
internet check this out you guys this is
a very momentous time for the video
description guess what I'm adding that's
exciting to do so this is exciting
because these are all the vlogs from
five years ago so I get to go and start
linking these in the end slate best
birthday ever
March 5th 1981 I'd like to go tell that
tub of lard five years later he'd still
be doing it there it is the very first
vlog ever I don't know why I thought
it'd be funny to start out the shower
so whatever I say you guys links in the
description below I just want to make
sure you guys know that right so look
you're on youtube.com you're watching
your YouTube videos a lot of times this
is the description you have to click the
show more button I think a lot of people
don't understand that if you click the
show more button
it's like Ariel said there's a whole new
world of links and information this is
all of our YouTube channels shaycarl
shaytards shayloss Katie let when the
kids go to sleep that's gonna come back
one of these days you guys I promise
just be patient we definitely do the
podcast again anyways I just want to let
you guys know that here we have one two
three four five years ago over the
Shaytards doing all those years ago
click that show more button and then
you'll see into the video description
okay now we're about to having a fine
dining experience here at the tide from
the restaurant so I just went and got
already hours logon I just want that a
massage oh my oh my goodness yes Butler
yeah we have a reservation at the title
restaurant where it will eat your chef
and mommy card is looking gorgeous it's
all dressed up in fancy look where I
like right outside of like the ocean
and I just took a picture of a swan and
it bit my finger I didn't film it so
you're just gonna have to take my word
for it I will have those shoe
she-she-she
haha alright so here we are here's my
arm because have you ever seen my arm
here it is if you're wondering what it
looks like that is a palm tree it's like
three bars I got three bars to service
right now get it at the cell phone Joe
there's my mom retard my wife and here
we are at a very fine establishment tide
pools
and this is awesome I'm having a very
good time seriously that was such a good
massage there's giant fish koi fish
right there looking for handouts you
want some bread
there's a school of fish going by they
want breadcrumbs so bad I've gotta wait
waiting for breadcrumbs in each packet
over there too
jumping off a nice move bro he's
aggressive I like that aggressiveness
that's a go-getter fish he's going to
come up in the fish world yeah just wait
you watch out for that guy
it's hard through not to blog there's
just so much cool stuff I want to take
pictures and what do you eat it it's
like we have five kids right but you
enjoy like our six kids like we just
want to share it with you and if you're
right here we might as well share it
that's a good way to put it you guys are
our six kids until we have our six kid
then your adopted stepchild that we
never pay attention to I gotta wait I
was gonna wait don't leave we got our
appetizer but I'm like a kid we owe and
real good mommy taught me a surprise you
guys for my birthday talking of a
concierge she's like my best friend Oh
anyways well I got
Hey local expert all right how are we
gonna do this after landing for and it's
said to be ordered by myself
what were we with him he can come oh we
can I found out at first I asked about
like a babysitting place yeah she's like
with a baby and kind of like really yeah
you were that bro tard we're going on a
helicopter it's like a tour of the land
and it's like good Jurassic Park dude
you see that fish jump in the background
sorry
you fish bombed you photo people we get
to the land at the giant 400 foot
waterfall dude
I'm excited when we go when are we going
tomorrow you guys I want a helicopter
ride you're coming with us keep my
Instagram game some get stepped-up me
you're gonna get don't step down
cheers my woman my beautiful wife who I
adore is awesome how old you see that we
got a feeding frenzy going on here bed
you're aggressive
that's cool wedding picture time
and it's raining on your wedding day
right so pretty right he's grabbing her
but he's copping a feel better who does
he think he is just squeeze her over
that's it he's gonna drop her in the
pond
we do it every lots of her whatever
she'll let him do I think you're kind of
ready I'll hear that first day of the
rest of their lives
I hope they don't have the room next are
all right we forgot to film on our foods
I hear because we were just too fat and
hungry we snarfed it down but here is
dessert what is it what do we twas this
is a banana something waiting
cheeping banana shake it gently Jim if I
take Kelly to a cheesecake yeah I think
this little banana want some cheesecake
you want some cheesecake
a little banana face Hey look at him
look at daddy Hey
so they're better than sweet cake what
is this device what is that really I
think you should try it
Jemmy mami tarde had too much to drink
at dinner they're having a wedding
downstairs tangel here it
dance for us mami tarde it's like a
little boy little eggs in your hat all
right so we had a delicious dinner it
was so good everything has been amazing
there's a huge wedding party going on
outside and we can hear the music blast
and listen right around my memory room
now we're gonna watch a movie eat candy
hang out you know what else I'd eaten
more candy
yes you got it day two is it's day two
we got here yesterday having a blast
we'll see you guys tomorrow we're going
on a helicopter ride tomorrow are you
excited I'm excited I hope you're
excited and you're excited I'm excited
we're gonna be on a helicopter at the
same waterfall where they filmed Rasik
Park remember the guy with the white
beard and the cane with the mosquito in
the amber landed we're gonna land right
there tomorrow I gotta charge these
batteries that's gonna be some good
footage all right so you guys tomorrow
we're in Hawaii and I was happy there
tranquility was in the end
until the sand began to drift and
started turning what an unthinkable sin
was a hurricane he tried to swallow me
to his raging angry sea little did you
know the power of the infinite
and he's not there anymore
