hey Shay happy birthday way older than
me I got your phone so I've been
tweeting is okay if I send some of these
these nudes that you guys have Colette
is that okay I just want to say happy
birthday I'm so exactly decided to be
here and to jump out of the cake
wherever that is now alleys around there
being hit on by your son so happy
birthday buddy hey Dad the hard work
you've done
happy birthday shave read the intern
here
remember when we knew each other all
those years ago we still know each other
that's exciting and that's where the
five years of blogging I didn't think
you'd do it you did it so I owe you five
bucks or whatever you want do you want a
cup of coffee when what's gonna have
coffee I gotta set up your live show
Charles over here helmet I'll talk to
you later
congratulations on five years blogging
and all wondering what he's done in the
last five years to watch it it's on the
Internet today's been awesome even
really trying not to tell you just want
to tell you everything but I thought it
was so funny today
it was like at 6:00 in the morning I'm
like he's gonna notice he's gonna notice
but he never like rolled or just felt
like he always did every morning so I
was stolen and success I'm so proud of
you honey this is gonna be an amazing
day not a lot commemorating 34 years of
you being on this earth and I'm so
grateful for that five years of daily
bodies when you first started made that
decision I was like
just be like a couple minutes a day
whatever it'll be cool we now look what
it is tournament I'm so grateful for you
for you making that decision now we have
all these memories and I can't wait for
the next you know the next four hours I
love you and we have Charles and Allie
here talking about of agate and then I
hear there's some other surprises that I
don't know about so yeah so as you guys
all know today is Shane birthday and at
10:31 a.m. we're going to tweet hashtag
happy birthday Shay which is also a
discount
then at the end of our finance report
curve is morning everybody can get back
to work now
Oh
play with the basic this is birthday
cake
graduations are getting older movie
watermelon cake this is awesome
okay you guys help me here you guys go
get that cake I get this one okay what
can I wish for one you know me one two
three
you've got one last thing to present you
with
today this is a dream come true of a
dream I never knew I even had like if I
was to script exactly what I would want
my life to be like this is better than
five year anniversary it's incredible we
wouldn't have this company without you
so first of all you've been vlogging for
five years Jasha happy birthday what's
going on Brett the intern Congrats five
years that's huge
happy fifth anniversary guitar and happy
birthday Shay
we love you strong man you can lift us
any time you want anytime
you to Facebook Twitter she made
mayonnaise drums back killed another
soup oh oh finish birthday shopping
what's my name is shake call to issue a
very happy birthday and I'm so grateful
for all of the many examples that you've
set for all of us thank you for helping
me achieve my dreams I had for being
there for Cooper and I we love you so
much I was there I would slap your butt
so hard
happy birthday today you're the best son
I've got major studios and YouTube's
first family the Shaytards happy
anniversary and happy birthday Shay hey
Shira Lazar and from all of us here at
what's trending
happy birthday Shay and congratulations
on five years of Shaytards
congratulations Shay I hear a new baby
is on the way
no that's not what's going on here
listen bad happy birthday Shay and
congratulations on five years for the
Shaytards hope you have a good day
hopefully it's your best birthday ever
and I hope you're having fun and good
ciao about five years of daily vlogging
and I'm still uploading all those videos
you've done a great job
happy birthday Shay you're like a
hundred now we know more importantly
happy vlog ever siree
I believe that's the technical term for
it happy fifth year anniversary shake
Carlo the shades are what upsets want to
say congratulations five years of
vlogging every day and happy birthday
penny said happy birthday of course
you're such a jerk I'm Irish a card
hello my feet are hello cards it's buck
tard
I love you I love you more happy
Anniversary I'm so proud of you I'm so
blessed to know you you make the world
in the Internet such a better place
congratulations on five years in love oh
my god I haven't done anything for five
years straight
happy birthday
happy birthday shame in the fifth year
anniversary of vlogging happy birthday
and happy anniversary or five years of
vlogging Shay happy birthday Shay and
happy anniversaries or five years of
clogging first on this hand imagine a
small cupcake for your birthday Shh your
birthday happy birthday I oh I mean I
really want you to be read in this hand
imagine a small car that says happy
anniversary or five years because ya
Shaytards just heard five
happy birthday shake are an insane human
being you rock
oh yeah look what I still have birthday
and you are terrible at talking birthday
five years a long time to be documenting
your life and sending it out into the
world happy birthday dude and happy
Anniversary to the Shaytards and she
turn rebellion Heights and I wasn't
gonna happen
YouTube videos thank you so much you're
great we all love you
with great birthday and great five years
and I love you so much and I'm so proud
of you
this is a very momentous birthday for us
not only because you're 34 years old but
because we walk every day of our life
for five years I grew this for you
Sheikh love you can't wait for the many
more adventures that we still have ahead
of us for the sweethearts and for you
alright I love you
happy birthday you sure she's not
pregnant
you
