are you rolling yes hahaha log in here
hi guys okay so operation birthday
surprise has commenced here's the deal
I took Shane's phone earlier this
morning he hasn't noticed I thought for
sure he would wake up because he always
thought the first thing he does is get
on his phone when he first wakes up so I
thought that you would notice but it
didn't notice so we just treated it like
a normal morning so happy birthday I
would love you were headed to school but
we're really headed to maker we planned
a big surprise for him today
so Kasim and Ron are going to go to the
house and get Shay and they're going to
take him out to breakfast and they're
going to bring him to make her for the
surprise are you guys excited yes others
I didn't know yeah we're excited because
it's such a momentous day we wanted to
be special and thanks to maker studios
they kind of threw it all together for
us I'm excited I think that you might
suspect something but the biggest
surprise is going to be Charles and Ally
of coming to town to see him and Charles
is gonna surprise him I don't know
exactly how it's all going to go down
but it's gonna be awesome
good morning it's my birthday I'm 34
years old and today marks ruining the
vlog look who's here hey guys I wouldn't
have it any other way
Catherine Ron showed up we're gonna go
to breakfast Ron you're coming to
breakfast right how long is this beauty
cap oh it's gonna work out you're gonna
go around the beach I'm excited all
right here we go oh look for Fred do you
feel like your arms have gotten stronger
yeah my baby they have like you're doing
dips everyday your traps your tries and
your traps my guts got bigger it has it
arms got stronger my arms again
ripped cuts machine
excited to be with my buddies I'm a
birthday what more could you ask for
than being with your buddies on your
birthday yeah Cassin just got back from
Hawaii how long I mean why two weeks
leading up three months hanging out over
there hanging out with his mom Paul and
bro bro I'm out my dad subscribe I saw
your pictures on Facebook I was happy
about to get real
Ron let's go it's my birthday okay we're
at maker she actually just tried to call
his phone from the home phone
so his realize his phone is missing hugs
- it's gonna be awesome I'm so glad you
my good is that's amazing we do that one
2010 yes okay this is the cake that
Charles is going to be jumping out of
are you guys both gonna be in the cave
or just you're like I'm not here's a
question are you gonna have all your
clothes on when you pop out of the cake
oh is this a kid thing cuz it's a
shaycarl fashioned it would probably be
this is a kid thing good point good
point kids we got a little kids here
we're gonna do the pie again in 2010
that was when uh I flow Colette and we
gonna brainstorm that one and that
the word shayles dropped his computer
yes
that was scary open scary we did 2010
2012 who's at my house mhm
thousand 14 - seems like appropriate
yeah it
I think you should for sure okay so
we're hiding out here in this room
getting a live show ready to go I think
there's some other surprises that they
haven't even told me that so there's
nothing I see more accurately luck
charlie Casey and Caylee is hi here we
got Courtney ha ha ha
Oh remember this I do oh my gosh ha ha
ha and of course we're picking pictures
I'm vlogging and it's like the Oscars
off you guys should watch me Kevin
Spacey you are your father's daughter
I'm sure Gary thinks that's kind of
scary
I'm gonna get a clean shape though this
isn't the first time you've had a beard
no I can pull this off like I do or
something yellow
dude there's this really creepy guy at
our breakfast place we're gonna put it
all right so we're getting breakfast my
buddies are taking me out to breakfast I
just feel like we're three bros getting
you know like we we come here every day
exactly yeah it's like the cheers of the
breakfast world's ever had a record with
capital D never eaten breakfast with
Casa is my third time you rock we
started a business together five years
ago but this is on there only third time
that's not true
I didn't say joke so he tell us a lot of
those I found out Braun's having his
coffee or just chat about old times
reminiscent if you will so exactly
you're tired
okay okay here we go
feasting right over here until Ali comes
okay so the plan is at 10:30 one two
three what is image week happy birthday
shade because that's the time he was
born at 10:31 trimming him
I think you might be going to premiere
there okay told me to wait right here
yeah okay just here
my best friend nobo it's good to be with
the whole group a whole crew at five
five oh five years five years ago even
listen when did you start the cut the
company hasn't five years quite yet I've
years of summer this summer yeah June
June will be five years Studios guys
check out could have some cheese new
shirts really arcade calm you get a
castle G shirt look at that cute little
days I like the one with the palm trees
on it Lisi your hair looks gorgeous
that's a promotion a lot of fun one it's
very pretty
yeah you guys go check out castle shirts
roto arcade come and get yourself one
they're really nice yes nobody listened
of a wigs lisanova sir calm man time
urge don't buy them yeah it's very cool
no I make the shirts maybe it's not
promoted to shirts at all psycho what
you had a poster that was your only
piece of merchants yeah poster now shirt
really start to sell out you guys what's
happening to Cassies feeling tell me
look this is an important meeting table
you guys we're a lot of important
meetings a lot of business goes on right
here
I want to have the meeting like this and
you guys just talk to me
I wish you could just be a normal guy
and sit in a chair to fix your Lisa last
long that's amazing
yeah wwwo DRK calm / Qasim gt's geez I
don't know if that I don't know if
that's the link good go to get Brody
arcade comm search Qasim Jake don't buy
a shirt my shirt
I can see tribulus there yelling what is
our chance of Oh coffee
this is real life people okay I'm gone
I'm gone I'm gone that's recording
somebody's a joker over there somebody's
making jokes like you're saying the i
earning this month I'd say we've done
really well
everyone on the net the end of our
finance report for this morning
everybody can get back to work now more
you go finance report
Hey
here your phone I went over my phone 100
Serpine getting older Oh a watermelon
cake
okay you guys help me here you guys go
get actually help me okay what can I
wish for everything I've never asked
okay guys ready one you know me one two
three
right now we're not done yet
we've got one last thing to present you
in wait was very very special kid from
the entire company to you Emily
I'm you okay buddy I love you so much
it's been such an amazing journey with
you have your second girl
I believe my YouTube account today
hey guys aren't coming hey thank you
guys so much
this this really doesn't it feels like
the movie like this is such a dream come
true
who knew that it would turn into all
this you know it's been quite the ride
and I've always say I always say it but
it really is a dream come true of a
dream I never knew I even have I was to
script exactly what I would want my life
to be like this is better than what I
could even come up with so I appreciate
all of you guys a lot of you guys are my
friends I know you work here but a lot
of you over the years and helped me
create amazing things I see so many
familiar faces and I love every one of
you I'm really appreciative of this I'm
like Charlton allier here this is really
close thank you guys so much it has been
I mean what what can I say
I'll give you all under dollars
everybody come on love you guys thank
you so much
subscribe to get the hell out of my
party
thank you 10:31 and exactly when she was
born we were tweeting hashtag happy
birthday shitty we're gonna break
Twitter I know you can all do it and
that's a discount phone for Rohan thanks
buddy
yeah
I didn't and so first of all you've been
flogging for five years
Yoshi I prefer Johan sir Congrats five
years it's huge
rap on your face rap on you know being
born so also happy birthday
I like the anniversary I'm so proud of
you I'm so blessed to know you you make
the world in the internet such a better
place
congratulations on five years long oh my
god I have done anything for five years
straight
very momentous birthday for us not only
to be 34 years old but because we walked
every day of our life by distribution
yeah
okay check out this cake it's a
watermelon cake it's pink with like
chocolate chips and a buttercream oh my
gosh that's amazing
chocolate chips
oh that's yummy watermelon cake all
right you guys so that was amazing check
it out all of your tweets are coming
right here into maker studios posted on
the wall they are coming in look at them
you see yourself you guys are being
broadcasted all through maker studios
for everybody to read your tweets
dude that is crazy look at them coming
in that's insane
we're broadcasting to everybody so if
anybody just gets bored their job they
can look up and see your tweets to me
thank you guys and I guess we got
trending on the top trending of Twitter
oh I just got through here hold this
real quick the oldest fully real quick
I had no options we have a choice right
other way to drop your kid he wasn't
throwing them on the ground yeah in the
ocean here - throwing him in the ocean
Oh Meyer we had a fancy lunch dinner out
by the bay in Marina del Rey having some
fish mom calamari with my beautiful wife
and my friend Ronald but it's broken
fibula tibia or fibula it's a fibula
which one of your blows is broken all of
them all of your blood alley and Charles
whoo out where my birthday that was the
biggest surprise I saw that cake when I
first walked in i saw that i'm like i
think somebody's in there but i do not
guess it would have been my good buddy i
don't know i like i think i was just
like so overwhelmed in the moment that i
didn't have like the mental capacity to
like go through my brain to think who it
was right i'm like who could it be and
then when i'm like no yeah you turned
around cuz it wasn't as like especially
weird because literally like two nights
ago I went on a CTFxC binge and watch
like 70 your vlogs in a row I was
telling a Ally I was trying to keep a
conversation with you so didn't seem
amused
yeah your birthday's we would but
insanity yeah cuz he texted me happy
birthday last night yeah yeah it was
here I think the Walter boy oh yeah yeah
me and Charles were saying like at the
end of the five years I should have one
last clip of a pile of flip cams
exploding as I walked away slow motion
with a pal like right behind me a giant
pile of flip cams were just exploding
and I walked away slowly from the
explosion rock pile
yeah to time Sam could do it yeah if you
do it Sam loves explosions hey thanks
for the surprise I appreciate it
princess turds brewing it up over here
for lunch
she's BrewDog and Charles is gonna take
that baby home can I keep him all right
it's time for the dessert portion of the
birthday Shay just keep looking this way
I think I know get a thing Ally's gonna
light my he's gonna be mad when he comes
back he just smells so good oh yeah no I
went out look she found one oh he's got
a long one yeah just solo for me well
yeah great Cixi rings - thank you
this is my birthday oh I'm gonna blow it
out ready I already blew out candles
once today yeah that was for you guys
Ronald what did you say you're gonna
hurt your junk Ron life dangerous you're
going to break your third leg if you're
not careful
haha right guys that's a good one how's
it going what are you a Brian man I'm
not getting a shave
Oh present art does not approve why is a
broken leg
yeah great job I'm proud of that third
lady
yeah I want to tell it again I'm so
proud of her you're gonna break your
third leg Conan O'Brien was right I am
patty huh good enough Ryan just like
drives up hey that was a great Johnny
joke Jay good thanks Conan he just pops
the banner reverses anyways we had a
great lunch had some great stories
saving time my birthday get another
sweetheart and sweetheart now we're
gonna go home and I think we're gonna do
a live show live towing you're gonna
answer some questions right yeah you
have to be there and ask answer them
with me I'll be there
we're always right you're always nice to
me for your life hello need ability were
to make that's my fault I feel like I
have those hiccups - two days ago oh
snap
Oh snippety snap you want to see how
good of a dad you have read that what
does that say what does that say read it
right there
bitch better paint is mr. one who's that
problem right here um you know that's
back there
what what is that company yeah
they just tweeted you the power of
social media
haha that backpack company we were
talking about the live show they just
tweeted hey shake our which backpack
this is horrible you sure you don't want
to get one with my face on it
okay let's see okay she's saying she
wants this one right here let's look at
it I would look it's a video
bazooka have a video who's this chick
Olivia video I got her Christmas Santa
gave it to me
so should we tweet him back yeah I want
to in the back you want that one
specifically like out of all the ones
you can choose from that's one you want
why that one yes cuz it has P hours I
want pink and yellow Becker I just love
them mixed together is awesome so that's
the one if you had to choose out of any
ones you'd pick yes alright there's a
bunch and you have to admit born so
that's a Pacific point and that was the
one before he even just saw it I'll here
on their Twitter that you wanted yeah
that one right there are you sure yes
okay we'll tweet him right now uh well
it's like per to start I got a free
backpack out of today's live show I got
to take out a website okay let's help
how do you treat I'm not I'm not good at
treating mmm all right let's meet him
right now that's pretty cool thanks suka
bags is azúcar sorry for talking crap
about your backpacks
well it's tradition third year in a row
i got pied in the face because of charl
this time spiderman over here so i was
saying like ally called me in the
kitchen and she's like shake come in
here I'm like what I walk in
Oh happy birthday to me you have to go
watch Charles vlog but Ally's like hey
Shay can you come in here let's start to
get my eye so I walked in there I'm like
what and I saw the alley had the camera
out and the first thing that shoots in
my mind is pie I said it's like the
spider-man movie where everything gets
in slow motion I look and I see Charles
coming around the fridge of the pilot
I'm a woman I block it but then he was
rubbed on my face what do you think you
looking at me weird will you lick it off
please baby three years in a row yes
Perdition he got me again
haha kept a secret it would look - oh
yeah yeah leave a little bit off my face
if you're a real friend you lick it off
my face Lisa hey I have your brother and
I hope I won't my daughter's got what
happened yeah look at all you're a good
friend
all right Charles yeah that's the first
time oh my god oh yeah oh that's right
we're Casey okay you're just talking to
my chick that's weird
I don't know if I'm or girl's lucky
saliva is on my cheek yeah good and I
started to get my I see her I gotta go
wash my face off
good yeah babe our enemy all right let's
hear it I want to hear it right live
into the kitchen
oh that sucked
I ran again around and harmony oh one I
was like some love pastry is gonna come
back maybe really good with just don't
open the refrigerator door for a while
how do you make a really good wish when
they've already oh oh good come on
so lame all right we got it again okay
you ready Ross yeah
ready 1 set 1 2 3
it's like a rock it's the traditional
please mister like we very first new gal
a this is good times um we I whose
birthday was is always a trauma I have
no idea you're the one that introduced
this to us though
well we very personal to LA all right
that was tradition you go back through
the logs last five years how many car
Bell ice cream cakes have we had
Lisa you started it all yeah she uh
she's like Debbie burger caramel ice
cream I know and so that it became
tradition very nice Kings it wasn't
carnality I didn't go with you off the
handle
seriously over the last five years
because these cakes it birthdays that's
know very saturated my birthday cake in
here yeah yeah can flakes and there it
is
a what were the Shaytards doing five
years ago button my oh my what a life it
is what a life indeed alright you know
the routine click on yesterday's vlog
click on that feeling lucky button and
see what the Shaytards are doing one two
three four and all those years ago
number five who's gonna be the first to
click on them all if you're on a mobile
device you can click those links in the
video description below
love you guys Mahalo
