all right you know what yeah only watch
the Shaytards blog I think because he
can hear that in koi what I'm getting in
trouble in the wall guys so if you
couldn't tell I'm in my closet
little-known fact about me I like to
hang out in the closet sometimes I do I
don't know what it is about it it's like
a small room I feel like I can focus
it's kind of weird but I've always like
to hang out in my closet that's weird I
like to read scriptures this is where I
like to pray like it just feels like a
comfortable place for me to hang out so
right now I'm working on some Scout
stuff got Scouts tonight I've got stuff
I got to do in the computer and stuff I
got to figure out here for what we're
gonna be doing tonight tomorrow is the
five years of daily vlogs and that's
really all I've been able to think about
lately so like all the Scout stuff like
you know a trip coming up like there's
just so much happening right now that's
exciting and awesome and crazy but it's
also very busy so my poor house is
showing it got laundry everywhere but
it's all clean I've got it mostly folded
I still have a little bit to put away
that's the hardest part right you get it
cleaned and then the getting it put away
is the hardest part it ends up in piles
and it's like just go to the pile to
find your clothes you guys tomorrow's
gonna be a fun day it's very gonna be
fun-filled Shay will probably post a
vlog the 6th or the evening of the 5th
or whatever so you guys can see that and
then after that we're gonna be on
vacation for a few days I don't even
know what we're gonna do with ourselves
because Shay has been so dedicated we
have not missed any days you know
purposely this will be our first like
we're gonna take a break
I feel like Shay's gonna have a hard
time with it honestly I feel like it's
gonna be like a relief but then in the
back of his mind he might be like I'm
gonna blog cuz it's always been in his
mind for five years I'm excited it's
gonna be awesome I can't wait to see how
everything goes that's I don't you like
being in the closet with mom seriously
babies come out of the closet already
mom right
my permission you better jump you don't
remember
we're watching old videos from when
Charles Trippy pied me in the face
four years ago today Charlie Bleus in
four years and baby tart looks so young
look at her there's been that's our old
office at sealed maker studios office
building baby tears look how young you
look
do you don't remember that at all don't
remember rock card wasn't even in the
world yet he wasn't even a thought in
our minds mommy turns set the whole
thing up I remember cuz it made my beard
stink like from dirty dairy forever here
it comes
okey copies so good
I was drowned it wasn't like I thought
somebody was attacking the first thing I
had to do anyway I hit their face I was
like they're gonna be cameras on this is
why it's worth recording your lives
remember times like these if life is
worth living than it's worth recording
because these memories are so great to
go back on and relive with your friends
not funny you see daddy get pied in the
face it's crazy huh I love you give me
kiss
mm why are you in the face little boy
yeah
I feel
one's perfect with your hand resting on
my back to come my trembling breath
before I walked away and slide
um so I felt like a lot of nostalgia and
kind of like pressure like I just
uploaded the vlog which is the the last
vlog before the last vlog it's not the
last vlog but it's the last vlog of a
five year chunk of daily videos we've
uploaded 1869 videos to youtube.com
slash Shaytards I feel like the last
video has to be a lot of pressure for it
to be like the best video of those 1900
videos but it's a can't be like how you
know there's a lot of really good videos
so I don't know I just want to spend the
time reminiscing I just been looking at
some statistics we've been vlogging now
every day for five years and currently
we're trying to get to 2 million
subscribers we have 1 million nine
hundred thirty two thousand 829 people
who have pushed a button that is insane
what's even more insane is the amount of
views that we have on the Shaytards
channel I was just looking at that I
didn't realize but we are seriously
close to hitting 1 billion views that's
1 billion of anything is a lot here's
another thing that I was gonna figure
out what our average video view is okay
so we have I'm gonna do a little math
here we have 803 million one hundred and
forty thousand video views I just
uploaded our 1869 video so I'm gonna
take 803 million one hundred and forty
thousand divided by 1,000 869 so even
though we've uploaded a lot of videos
they've averaged four hundred and
twenty-nine thousand views
her video that is the probably the
craziest statistic of all after almost
nineteen hundred videos they've all
gotten about a half a million views of
peace now of course that's an average
some have way more than that we have
some with nine million views and we have
some that are less than that I think we
have some to have like one hundred and
eighty thousand views but to average you
know almost five hundred four hundred
and thirty thousand views over those
five years of videos that blows my mind
that really truly blows my mind and I
just it's a dream come true of a dream I
never knew I even had and it's it's so
cool there's this huge feeling of
accomplishment you know I remember when
I started these videos when I had the
idea when I first thought of the concept
to make a video every single day for a
year I remember a lot of my youtuber
friends were like dude don't do that
what are you doing everybody's gonna
unsubscribe to your channel there's a
lot of big youtubers who really know
what they were doing on the site at the
time that told me not to do it I thought
it was a bad idea my parents thought it
was a bad idea
Colette's parents thought it was a bad
idea for years for probably the first
two and a half years my mom was like
Shay you need to get a real job you need
to go back to school
Shay why don't you be a flight nurse you
like working with people you like
adrenaline she was constantly texting me
like I'm just so worried about you what
are you gonna do for a job Shay you have
three kids how are you paying for all
this I'm not gonna say specifically but
there's family that we have that was
like what does she even do for a living
you know like why doesn't he get a real
job and there was a lot of you know not
ridicule but a lot of like questions you
know a lot of people are saying that I
shouldn't do it and it was a bad idea
and that I was jeopardizing the future
of my family and it has just gone to
show that if you have an idea and you
believe in it don't listen to anybody
else you have to step out on a limb
sometimes you have to be daring you have
to take chances you have to be willing
to do something that only you believe in
even if everybody around you says it's
not possible and it's not smart and it's
probably not the safest way to do things
if you believe in yourself and you
believe that it's a good idea do not
listen to anybody else that's just
straight-up truth and I didn't I knew I
loved what we were doing I knew that we
could make it happen and now five years
later I don't say this to brag but we
are making more money than we've ever
made before and I don't say that to brag
I say that to encourage you if you have
a dream if you have something that you
want to do but you're scared to step out
on that limb don't dare to dream dare to
believe and I know it sounds cliche but
this five years of doing a video every
single day is one of those dreams that
has come true imagine that my job is to
hang out with my family and I we've made
it work we have made it work and it has
taken us more places than I ever could
have imagined
it has brought more opportunities and
given us more chances to help people and
to meet people and to experience life
than anybody could have ever conceived
and it's happened because of a lot of
things one because you guys were here
willing to support us even when you're
not there's still in today's vlog I'm
reading today's vlog comments there's
like 30 comments that are like just
negative super negative and like you
know just like calling me out on stuff
but it's like you have to ignore that
haters gonna hate you have to ignore
those things it's just you know it's so
cool man it's so cool to look back and
there's times where I wish you know and
those in those deep moments of
self-doubt when I was like man what am i
doing is this gonna work is this why are
we doing this I wish I could go back
even though maybe it wouldn't matter cuz
we made it to this point but I would
love to go back and encourage myself and
say Shay it's gonna work don't give up
even though I didn't
so maybe myself did go back in some kind
of other dimension
I don't know I just feel very nostalgic
and I want to share all these feelings
with you regardless of how you feel
about what I'm saying I still just want
to share the feelings that are in my
mind right now
what a journey man what a journey five
years of daily vlogging well I'm just
tweeting oh man I'm having some good old
reminiscing tweets how are you
just I just seen remember that time we
were playing ocarina in the hotel at
VidCon with Charles Trippy
you lived a Franco and Lindsay was there
then bo burnham came in I want you to
come over here and love me are you busy
have any of you seen this photo they
have you memorized humors this picture
nope
I remember as a kid looking at that
picture have you ever seen that I think
I have you've never looked like our
family though I max where's me up I
think my grandma Lynette had that
picture in her house and I remember as a
kid just staring at it I would just like
look at it and look at all the people
and all the details of the picture and I
thought that is a profound truth that I
want to instill in my life what it says
that we need have one more baby
according to the picture wives are six
kids in that picture that's being happy
doesn't mean you have it all it means
being thankful to Lord for all you have
it's like I was saying in the
yesterday's vlog if you're not happy
with what you have right now then why
would you ever expect to get any more
what yes
now or miss well it's because I'm buff
so remember that K you have to be
grateful for what you have right now no
matter what it is whether it's blue hair
it's a naked baby a flowered shirt a big
bearded kiss whatever you have that be
grateful for it
a baby kiss love you guys today's the
last vlog to five years oh my gosh quite
the trip journey alright so I want to
show the Quran it's hard bust his little
bit yesterday when he was the editor cuz
you know he didn't see it edited
together so when I show them you want to
see us K check it out and plus he just
woke up from a nap so he's kind of
grumpy when she gets fun Oh what do you
thinks the funnest part about doing it
I have to like him yeah that's any no
other do you like that you're so funny
huh yeah you're hilarious
you did a very good job yeah mom started
a good job at scouts today
tires what do we say we won't this isn't
goodbye
yeah it's not goodbye but it's just like
I want it like how do I end the last few
days yeah so the plan is is we're
leaving on the 6th right we are headed
on an airplane to an undisclosed
location where I will not be on the
internet I think I should go the whole
time without even getting on the
internet at all I think you but what if
I wanted to we'll play it by ear I think
you need to get on the internet if you
want to but you have to have the
attitude that this is for fun not for
work if it starts to feel like all I
gotta do this then you have to meet Lee
yeah that's true that's true
ok that's the rules 5 years all right
maybe I'll say a few last words after we
put these boys to bed hey guys Shane
here the editor like that at all the
Shaytards videos no I'm not gonna take
this crap top from Rob tar who thinks
he's gonna take my job and get paid
double oh you guys looks like you're
editing now alright everybody you get a
job
tell me get to work rock card I will
film tomorrow so on my birthday
yeah alright yeah well you got a rock
course you got a lot of logs for ya
really dragging us out we're really
dragging this over who's we're just
trying to get it so you guys are sick of
us
yes yes all right so we'll see you
tomorrow I guess weird asking you down
on camera we haven't really discussed
this that's it dad they're part of the
decision yeah you are
okay now I'm not cut lock tardes females
look at your fingernails okay come on
let's see put your hands down
you ready what if I cut your fingernail
off you know is that gonna hurt wait I
mean what I meant to say is your finger
not your fingernail because of course
I'm gonna take your fingernail off did
you have a good night tonight do you
know that daddy loves you
you're a very good boy you know that see
how dirty it is see all that dirt
underneath your finger no it's from you
playing out in the dirt with your
brothers and sisters oh yeah I see your
toenails have it too it's all right
though dude you're a little boy a little
boys get dirty
I should've done
perfect
hang on my back to come my trembling
breath before I walked away and swore
that I forget
