yeah
you change and people come away but um
and your wife
whoa it's like traveling through that is
conductive I love that objects do that
makes me so happy
you know hey guys okay I think we are
okay so welcome to the show
check it out look at that look at that
one of those hold it up they probably
saw it from the live show earlier yeah
check it that's let me see that
hey guys check it out maker studios made
this for me today
giant happy five-year check out sons art
Gavin's get you down to five
there's rock tartar looking at the phone
Prince's tar the baby tar hanging off
the five right here look at that
that's Pitt let's get out of real
titanium present it to the Shaytards to
commemorate five years of daily vlogs
March 5th 2014 maker studios and
corporates are here babe Thanks did
Cohen just tweeted me thanks Ted con I
can't wait to be in you in a few months
are you planning because all one gets
tries trippy that's the biggest surprise
of all I was too fast you gotta go
slower it's up on your leg muscles
you'll flawless up for three please
going down you gonna keep on keep on
keep on your hair stuff up your purse
too high
he's like Charles D hairdo hey what's
that let's do some merchandise sales
real quick haha
these are available with you guys right
now the arcade look the five is the s in
Shaytards isn't that creative the
Shaytards five-year anniversary if life
is worth living well by golly it's worth
recording you know what I'm saying this
is exciting
alright so what we're gonna do I want to
kind of
like hang out for a few minutes and then
there is a reddit page want you to put
your on bro there's a reddit page where
we're gonna do some questions and so my
cues you guys have some cues I'm gonna
throw out some a's charles you come over
here and we should do at least do a Q&A
with Charles Trippy real quick the knife
goals just retweeted tweet go grab a
chair
go grab those chairs hey well do that
too it has been quite the birthday this
morning I woke up to Kassem G taking a
picture of me huh
you
