casting casting can anybody see me
opening audience questions loading
before the broadcast this seems like a
flaw in the system
why not be able to do it Nia I need
Jackie I'm gonna check it one time
six seven viewers hi
says there seven viewers I want all
seven of your names and shoe sizes right
now let me know leave them in the links
in the comments comments in the links
there's nine viewers can't eat all nine
of your favorite toenail polish colors I
actually missed that Oh Charles Trippy
Bob gingers retweeted me Bob judges
favorite in my twig there's 55 viewers
okay I think this is working I think
it's working
um oh man I don't want us to turn into a
thing though I'm just testing I think I
figured it out I think I figured it out
how I can do I have so on the Google+ so
the the problem is listen and not that I
don't love when there are other people
like in the chat chatting with me but it
gets confusing because I'll say
something and then another window will
pop up like okay and then they'll go
away cuz another people somebody wallets
come in and it's like I can't check
stresses me out
plus you guys know I like to hear the
sound of my own voice and other people
talk it's just there's kid so I'm gonna
do it I'm gonna do a live show not right
now uncle s tell me she wants me to do
it tomorrow but it looks like I am doing
a live show right now if there's 191
people if you guys if you can hear me
right now I want you to tweet me I'm
gonna cuz I don't see any comments I'm
on the group chat but maybe that's I
turn that off because I was trying to
turn everything off so I could just talk
to you guys hey Li show them say if you
guys can hear me right now in the live
Google+ stream tweet me your wife is hot
and she's not here dance for you a fever
I'll have to see if people are saying
your wife is hot I'm checking on the
Twitter
I don't see any tweets Anitha you're hot
that sucks way I'm sorry you are not hot
well scissors 329 viewers yeah oh it is
well yeah I did I started to broadcast
patient
them to tweet because oh yeah it's a
little bit delayed we can hear you I can
hear you I can hear you I can hear you
your wife is hot says grace Helbig but
not but you're the you're the winner
you're the first one who tweeted me I
have a favor to ask of Shay guys what
you I said your wife is hot not your
wife is pretty Denise do you prefer your
wife is pretty is that is it would you
prefer to be pretty or hot pretty more
respectful yeah that's true yeah you are
pretty damn beautiful that's true I
guess you wouldn't call mommy tard ha
necessarily she's beautiful and loving
like hot is something that's like sexy
she can be sexy but only for me not for
you guys hey you think this makes it a
you make it here is it's working I'm
figuring it out I'm a smart man who
knows how to work the internet I push
the right buttons what's your question
for me Oh No any question that starts
out will you and I want to take a
picture of you holding like hat with
Zeke on it yeah so you asked me to bring
Zeke what if we brought a Zeke discounts
you could yes you're right okay well can
I just give you I can Google image that
you want to do it no one I can print it
off there's that one who when I got home
from Australia I want a couple pictures
of him no that's yours fine
um so when can I do a life I want to do
like a real official like I announced it
this is just a test live show even
though there's 650 people here holy
bazongas no you called your boobs today
I want I want to do an official live
show tomorrow where I ant I do an AMA
and ask me anything on reddit but I want
to do it I don't I'm not good tiding
my another one of my one of my test
hangouts just one up I gotta go delete
that people be like what is he doing I
was putting yeah I'm gonna go delete it
so there's plans tomorrow then that
you're not telling me about yes
so you think two or three so you planned
something well there's just plans where
we may say there's plans and that's all
you need to know I'm excited like what
are we going somewhere there's plans and
that's all you need to know you wanna
see something cool I just don't want you
like make your own plans I don't have
any plans
you know my favorite plans are when I
don't have any plans good babe did you
know yeah but I'm a I'm a cat with it's
my birthday and we're in the ocean and I
have a Google headband on anyways - your
wish is not gonna come true
it's not gonna come true I turn this up
and then look there's the Hat look cat
mat with Zeki oh I love you okay well
this is exciting it's gonna work I
excited this woman due tomorrow how do I
turn the effects off now there's a
thousand people here thank you zip your
lip okay so you guys here's the plan
tomorrow we are gonna do a live show
just like this I am going to answer
questions lives that are asked on the
reddit that I tweeted I think it's
reddit.com slash Shaytards go look at
one of my last tweets and right now the
top oh you're sleeping why show the Tong
question on the render right now is do
you like that a lot of your relatives
followed in your footsteps it started to
make youtube videos hard to think of a
butler that doesn't make videos do you
watch all of their videos that's
actually a really good question um yes I
do like that I'm the one that like
talked them all into it sometimes in all
honesty like like when my cousins and
like friends and like a lot of sort of
YouTube channel I'm just like man it's
like - I always like it's too late to
start I shouldn't say that because you
know I want to like encourage people to
you know go out for their dreams it's so
hard to get traction on YouTube now even
after I've been doing it for six years I
feel like and I've said this before I
don't think that I could recreate the
success that we've had if I had to start
all over again just because there's so
much competition but yeah I love that
Casey and Carly and Logan do it I love
oh sweet you guys I guess there is gonna
be a fight I didn't know there's gonna
be a five year anniversary
t-shirt and Ally just do you guys want
to see it right now let's see
shaycarl five-year tease hey Shay hope
all as well I'll be your new probably
can't say that I kind of like those
should I show you guys right now you
guys can help me you guys can help me
approve them if you like them
and like those colors
I'm going to show you guys um why not
right jeez there's 1,300 people here
okay
I gotta be careful here I don't give
away any information alrighty here let's
see if you can see it's not a very good
camera huh
I'll get closer on it what do you think
about colors which colors do you like
let me see if I can pull one up any like
well here's here's like the logo that
you're gonna put on it oh the five is
the s I get it Shaytards five-year
anniversary with a little s logo it's
backwards for you guys is there any way
I can hold on no I can't flip that can I
save image so I guess there is gonna be
I didn't know if there was like this is
the first I'm not you know just saying
this because you guys are all here on
the live show but I did not know that
there was going to be a five year
anniversary shirt and Ali just tweeted
me that they sent over this link with
the logo and then they have a bunch of
different colorways stop cool cancel
they sent over a bunch of different
colors so that's it's backwards though
to flip it I guess is like that
Shaytards five year anniversary and then
five is like the s for the the year five
years Shaytards and then there's all
these different colors I like the colors
Tim encoding is like the best let's see
if I can click on individual one hold on
bear with me I get anxious when I'm in a
live show because I'm in like YouTube
mode or I feel like I have to be
entertaining like go go go go go be say
say someplace say somebody that's pretty
cool
I'm guessing about this was like the
different colors yeah so much for that
it's exciting time excited can I do a
screen share hold on um so I want to
show you guys something real quick how
do I do that there was a app for that I
think there's an app for that
it's a control room there's one where I
could like you show you as my screen I
want to show you something it's under
cameraman no capture please hold hold on
no no no that's not it that's not it
screen share it's the one that says
creature
I'm gonna show you when I desktop then
it'll show let's see if I can do okay
let's see okay
yours are seen yourselves wait there
okay can you guys see that so this I
scroll through this and just look at all
these thumbnails it brings back so many
memories I do this often when I feel
nostalgic I'll just go through and I'll
like look at the thumbnail and the title
of the video and I'll just I'll remember
like making that thumbnail and I'll
remember when I do you see my arrow here
can you see this will somebody tweet me
and see tell me I need to set up the
chat so I can see it real time but the
Twitter works better because it's not as
fast but just say I can see your screen
share oh you guys are tweeting pictures
of the five year anniversary T that's
I'm still getting your wife is hot
tweets can you guys see my screen share
right now live at the moment freaking
out thanks Kimberly McManus
thanks for freaking out cuz I'm alive I
think it's a little lagged wait three
days to tweet if you can see anyways I
just want to see if this works because I
think this will be fun tomorrow
yes I see Kurtis thanks Curtis and
Mickey tard nuggets that's a great we
can see it okay
okay you can see it great awesome sweet
sweet okay so I just wanted to share I
think I saw this the other day too just
to answer a question right now for the
fun of it when people want to know how I
find the one two three and four year ago
videos so today for its as I uploaded
this is the current vlog two million
Shaytards uploaded I just look at the
date March 4th so what I'll do is I'll
scroll to the bottom of the page and
right down here they have like if I hit
two that's basically like the next day
so the last one was February 4th and
then it'll go to like February 3rd
February 1st
you see if you scroll down the last one
on the list will be January 5th so what
I'll do is I'll hit the 7 which will
take me as many videos over as possible
I'll scroll down I'll hit the 10 which
will take me over as many videos as
possible again do it one more time and
then I'm getting close to the March 4th
of last year so now here we are one year
ago and we look at right here March 4th
2013 was a vlog titled he will bite your
fingers off which is a pretty good
thumbnail in title I mean look I mean
that really happened rock card reached
out to touch the bird and he almost bit
his fingers off and you can see it right
there
so then what I'll do is I'll click that
I'll click that vlog the vlog will pop
up I'll grab the share I'll hit share
button and hey sometimes showing people
how I do things like this because then I
am afraid that people like dude there's
a way easier way to do it well this is
how I know how to do it it works and
then I'll zip it I'll copy and then I'll
go paste that in the description and
then I go back I hit the back button and
then just do that again and doesn't
really take me that long I mean to grab
the four links for the one two three and
four year ago videos it takes me maybe
like 10 minutes you know and a lot of
times I get you know I get stuck
watching them because all what happened
still there I think I lost you the plug
oh we lost you how do I come back
hold on come back soon I don't want to
get back you still hear me
am I still alive can you guys see me I'm
getting the tweets what do you see my
screen now I lost you can you see me
what am i doing right now I can't see
myself mentally it says we can see you
struggling that's what I hate about
these Google+ Hangouts is like whenever
you see one the first like 90 seconds is
people just staring like us
because they don't realize that there
are what was I just doing anybody I
don't see if you can see me yet I'm
waiting I'm reading your tweets you can
hear me
you can't see me though REE click Share
button okay okay okay okay we gonna see
no
you don't figure it out be patient with
me be patient with me
I'll just hit refresh you thank you
Aaron your photos
what if you thought there was an errand
mode in your app wait I want to let me
get back my video on oh I see you Terry
Templeman screen share button but I
don't want to oh oh no I'm oh I did it I
admit it I'm back we're back live right
time come here get in here come say hi
to these people there's people in here
that want to say hi to you come say hi
to them
you
one come say hi you guys see me now Oh
what are your hands you washing their
hands wash your hands first sorry go
wash your hands I'll come say hi
his hands are so pee and wet that's
gross um well I lost where it said where
I said how many people are here so I
assume you guys are still here I really
gonna figure this out because I would
like to do this more often especially
tomorrow I was even thinking you guys
and I hate to even tell you this because
then you're gonna want to like hold me
to it but I was thinking about what if I
just was live all day tomorrow to my
34th birthday what yeah when that be
live all day long all day long
Shaytards the longest Shaytards vlog in
history it's literally 24 hours of me
live when that'd be cool I'm crazy
anyways okay I'm gonna go right now this
is funny
you guys are so many pictures of you
looking at Oh tomorrow hi
crazy crazy person this is fun I like
Twitter because it's like a little bit
more control than I can see it I can see
you guys are commenting on me and you
guys leaving me a high rock card
yes I see you I can see so much okay so
there is something planned for tomorrow
I don't know what collect says that she
has something that is planned I'm
excited to see what it is I like
surprises it's fun when she has
something to surprise me with I will
tweet and Facebook when the live show is
how much you'll be polite to that right
now yeah come here
talk to these people when are you let me
cleanse you though No
using uh senior favorite Taylor Swift
song do you want emeritus mom is sick of
the frozen songs yet I think I am are
you sick of frozen singing frozen songs
you did for what we were playing the
game oh really so like just a recess
did you sing the song at recess with
your friends no what's one friend cuz my
other friend daily both sing the song
that you guys sing on the way to church
on Sunday what's that song yeah come see
how you guys okay we'll say bye to these
homies is it fun watching your face yeah
yes you did okay guys I'm gonna go it's
not till tomorrow
play yourself off so buddy you're a good
girl what do you got there a lint roller
you know you know roll the lint off of
my arm does dad have linty arms that's a
secret nobody's supposed to know how
linty my arms are can you say hi to
these guys Rock turn don't yell just be
nice say hey everybody oh you guys see
that he's not ready to scream hi I did I
did
disarm that bomb before it went off in
your faces
yeah dad has a lot of letting his beard
can you get that did you get rid of them
thank you oh nothing worse than a linty
beard that's what I always say big one
what the brush I don't have a big one
there's a big one maybe I should clean
off my lens too
anyways this is fun I enjoy it I enjoy
hanging out with your honor I don't know
why we don't do more of these life shows
okay so tomorrow March 5th my birthday
stay tuned we will be doing a live show
right here on a Google+ Hangout there's
Sun tizzle her birthday tomorrow
chill she must be an awesome person
hangs olivia.olivia coolest person I've
ever enough Olivia
nice anything under your crazy face you
did so you don't clean your room
you fell asleep on the job do you know
what the penalty for falling asleep on
the job is for broken fingers are you
gonna sconce tonight yes we let me bite
your arm where'd you get that lint
roller are you staying here with me yeah
I wasn't going to the gym I can't now
cuz mom's leaving the scouts oh I have
wasted my time I wasted my gym time on
this live Google hangout later tonight
doesn't go to the gym but now mommy turd
is leaving in 45 minutes to go to scouts
now let's go to the gym before now it's
gonna be chilly you comb my hair okay
guys we'll see you tomorrow stay tuned
I'll let you know exactly what time but
it'll probably be most likely be
anywhere from 3:00 to 5:00 Pacific
Standard Time tomorrow March 5th we're
gonna do a live show if you want to ask
questions you want us to answer go to
the reddit page it's reddit.com slash
Shaytards
I'm gonna hit refresh and see what the
top question on that is right now hold
on it's still the question about having
my family following my footsteps is
there special meaning behind any of the
kids names not really I just kind of
thought them up as we did is there
anything that you regret putting on the
Internet
that's a good question ask important
questions like that not pirates or
ninjas I hate questions like come on
let's get real this is five years of
Shaytards let's get some deep questions
you guys ask them like really meaningful
questions not like you know do you like
having a beard no come on I think you
think of some real questions and I hope
that and if you can't think of good
questions
go read the questions on the reddit page
and and thumbs up those questions and
we'll answer them tomorrow okay yeah yes
of course my other thing okay love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for being a part of this journey
you
you
