hey guys what's going on I'm super
bummed to inform you that she's actually
not going to be here today because yes
super busy it's got a big show's got to
go to today so I will be in charged the
vlog for today because where we're at
everybody dance right
you're sit hey are you logging again
yeah she's vlogging she hey hey guys
we're in California surprise login here
I guess what we're gonna do guys
we're gonna go barefoot beat run oh I am
wearing a Charles Trippy shirt look at
that shirt
yeah that's Charles Trippy I got Charles
Trippy on my shirt see we're going to
the beach are you excited I'm excited
you know I'm excited you know I love
this it's given it's a rhetorical
question or spike copy I get pulled over
by a bike cop for vlogging and driving
no maybe you guys I got a go okay I'll
see you in point three seconds this guy
is gonna do some fishin look at this old
fisherman feeling like such a
stereotypical fisherman with that hat
and his pole don't get your fish hi
we would like to trade you some dollar
bills for a little bit of your real
estate for a few hours here's one I only
got a 20 it's my sugar mama we're going
to the beach thank you this is it thanks
sugar mama for paying for parking hey
let go sugar mamas first I just dip into
here to get what I need get whatever I
want look at word you know where that oh
boy got my Mickey shoes on I left my
Mickey shoes here in LA cuz I've know
it's gonna be winter and Idaho soon so
but we're taking them off and we're
dropping our phones that's good that's a
brand new iPhone 7 just throw it on the
ground sure that's good we're going
barefoot I like that feeling I like that
feeling in my toes walk around in your
town that's good
I'm hungry hungry I'm kicking sand
everywhere oh my goodness
you
and in the water hey guys
we check to the beer please
that was refreshing man okay so beach
run done breakfast we gotta go get and
then you guys today is the Streamy
Awards just a fifth extremist and you're
presenting fifth annual streamys and I
am presenting uh one of I don't know if
it's a fifth or six I shouldn't say when
I don't know but it's the streamys yeah
I'm presenting the musical artist with
glozell you guys know glozell go how'd
you do is good exactly I want to know
good I wanna know how you drugged you
okay I'm not sure that's exactly she
said it but yeah we're going to the
streamys tonight so we got to get ready
yummy oh I am starving
okay so let's eat breakfast and then
we're gonna go get some cute outfits one
- you already have yours they're not
gonna fit in your dress when you have
another one Taylor don't dude talk about
best spots in the lot that's best buy
right there and this Fox Hills Mall
this lot is always forward right there
front corner best spot in the lot
hit it likes Peter wonder things that
happened to my day trying to beat down
the one that makes me feel like I'm out
of this town I step on my car like a
king with my head held high and pride in
my chest stop it doesn't really matter
what I just did it only matters out of
the best oh you guys we found the
perfect suit for tonight's presentation
of the streamys because this you guys
wait oh so we are from this victor my
man give me five perfect - Fox Hills
Mall come to fashion first if you need a
cool suit and Victor will hook you up
I found a magical suit that it's gonna
go perfect with the person I'm
presenting with tonight I can't wait
till she sees it it's gonna be great all
right thanks guys
fashion first check them out thanks
Victor dude this guy's the man
all right dejan this is for you this is
for you day on here in the mall man oh
that those are the ones that I got you
guys
Dejan got me into this stupid shoe game
I don't know why I go I like them hey
mr. underscore detroit underscore on
instagram follow this guy mollusc i
underscore detroit under school dude
this guy's a shoe hookup
Dejan made me get these I've only bought
like three pair of these but I just we
just found it all those are cool anyways
he found a sweet pair for me that I'm
gonna wear it
anyway stay hon I knew you'd like this
they're more oh man
what are these what are those what are
those day hon day on what are those
comment below
she's just too many they're lawyer all
your babies stay on all those precious
Jordans they're all here all right man
sweet guys no I still need a few more
things just carry my bags okay
like it
we're vlogging psi that shrimp going
into that shrimp tempura and deep to
jigger you'll see I'll show you I'll
show you hold on
hey dudes hahaha
guys are yelling Shaytards thanks for
watchin
I wasn't I wasn't ready I wasn't ready
to miss the moment they just met dude
look at this Wow
Oh
let's get assuming a seat brother he
loved the guy
the other chakras look over there you
are yes purple rose all along man say
it's the minute the color of it you show
me my Effendi got my bag look what he's
been doing with this camera Sean show
lady white people crazy y'all alright so
we're going to do we're going to take a
picture
um okay it's three sixes right I can do
it all right all right
oh look I mean you download what it one
time all right cool we got good that one
thanks guys and thanks for everybody
else has nominated with I think that
first person we're vlogging wherever
this is called is is like the evolution
of what was reality TV and I think it's
more honest and more truthful and more
real than anything that predated it on
television so it's a big honor and thank
you very much
Wow that was that was some stiff
competition I was not expecting this
yeah but if you had told us when we were
in middle school that we would have a
show where we bathed routinely and
things like chicken noodle soup for a
guinea pig testicles cook we would have
thought this sounds pretty cool that's
great
absolutely one more thing I was really
cool
I want to thank astronauts wanted Nick
Chaudhary McGrath thank you so much
Scott BtoB for directing it the entire
cast and crew everyone in the film
you took right thank you candy John yeah
okay literally I did not even think I
was going to win like I totally want et
was going to win so they cool I mean
think of anything to say this is great I
just want to pay everybody to watch and
you probably learn the classroom amazing
I mean maybe for fancy hahaha the lady
love you milk fill because I love is
like a moment to thank Kirk you know
Schneider and same zoom they're moving
and now I'm honored to be here does that
instance breakout creator award having
been on YouTube for the past ten years
it's always exciting to see
up-and-coming town
Thunder Thunder asagoro sunbirds yeah
johnny-boy
yeah buddy
hey guys I draw pictures on my phone
haha yeah just gonna bum around at the
skateboard snowboard things and now I'm
like hanging out with all you fancy
people and not quite new friends out
audience that I like you like it's
really cool so I think I think people
thanks to my wife behind like every 10
second snapshot is like 40 10 seconds
snapchats the work time right gonna push
it right when I do this
yeah roman atwood love you Roman hey
guys hold this rare hold on the stylish
Oh hold it right here guys I went today
I knew that I was presenting with glows
oh I was at the mall and I walked into
the suit store and like I go get a suit
guess what the very first shoe that I
looked at and it fit me perfectly what
is he oh no my love again I saw this I'm
like I'm super sunny with lows overnight
and I put it on it fit me perfectly so
you really I love you so much I was
ready to pay after everything I'm just
or at the top okay that's cool cuz I'm
about the man you know alien half
animals are going on stage right
I love you Joe and I just want to say
that backstage backstage backstage Phil
Wan he wins every gift come on over here
yes what do you have to say to Phil
Philip DeFranco
there is our Lindsey there's a Anthony
look it I know these people show the
here good for him first I want to thank
the streamys for having all of us I want
to thank God oh my god discovery digital
grab my back a lot of companies wasn't
back stupid idiot like myself oh and
thank my my wife Lindsey my producer
Amanda my editor James who makes me look
like less of an idiot every single day
thank you most of all thank you to those
beautiful bastards that watch my show
than subscribe but that is just there's
not a lot of places where people talk
about things are home and alien and left
and right and domestic and international
and we have a conversation rather than
people telling you what the truth is and
we can have a conversation hopefully get
past it so thank you for actually having
a place like that and finally YouTube
may be the place that I post videos but
the beautiful bastards are people that
watch me you are my home thank you I
love your faces and
I think we might be getting an interview
with my okay night editing winner of the
night we hug rehearsed and I wanted to
quit because one of the comments was
telling me that I should leave YouTube
for whatever reason I believed in myself
beauty is in what we have on the outside
but it's who we are as a person on the
inside and as long as you all embrace
and believe that in ourselves then you
have no idea how beautiful we all are on
the outside I'm happy and proud to be in
the room with all of you guys right now
a lot of you look so confused but I love
all of you guys thank you so much
I didn't think anybody else would be
wearing
hey glozell they do you remember what
you were doing in 1989 1989
I'm a probably looking flower rocking
some neon green it's after watch dinner
what about your shirt maybe 9:00 I was
nothing soon I was probably being it
hip-hop icon make it music with my mouth
I'm being told I'm just a friend
now shake oh thank you that was our next
performer dang it did it again hey well
do I have these got what you need
oh boy
for the one and only is my man
well Moroni we didn't get a trophy but
we had a good time
what a night man that's a beautiful
building right there all right now it's
time to go get some food you know I'm
seeing play the food bell ringing needy
mean
you
