Oh
I just can't get enough hi our powers
combined we make Lachey toes the baby
toward the Brenda Starr the Sun toward
the rock heart and the always beautiful
I'll go pick up the kids now from the
school very bum goobers my god I get ya
I gotta get up I'll get bags we have
five kids he's looking at you like by
whose decision was that you mine who's
your nakedness that's what did it to us
you wouldn't get naked all the time we
wouldn't have five tracks yeah it's your
fault
you just stay here and keep your clothes
on I'll be right back
but you got a rock little dude of course
I'm just teasing though I love every
single one of my kids just kidding I
probably love that one the most I would
tell my other kids I said that no you
can't love one the most as a parent you
just love all of them individually with
this this love that is unmatchable
whereas the reason I say we have five
kids because I don't see myself as a 34
year old father of five I just I feel
like I'm still like teenage Shay driving
around you know I just I have that same
you don't feel old how do you say how do
i what am I trying to say here when I
was a kid and I would meet or see a 34
year old man who has five kids I'd be
like that guys oh you know but I don't
feel that way now I don't feel like I'm
an old guy I am happy about my age
because with age comes wisdom it really
does and I know that being young is hip
and cool and fun but when you're older
you kind of just get some things that
you never got as a kid now I used to be
a teenager who thought he knew
everything oh great the teenagers they
know everything they think they got it
all figured out I used to think that I
did I was like mom and dad they don't
understand people just don't get it and
now as I'm an older person I think wow I
was a really dumb kid who did and said
some really dumb things and even now as
a 34 year old man of father of five I
still have that realization in my mind
thinking now that maybe one I'm 45 I'm
gonna be like
thirty-four-year-old shay really thought
he knew what it was what was going on in
life we always need to realize that that
we don't know there's things that we
know that we don't know and then there's
some things that we don't know that we
don't even know you know I've talked
about this before you know as a kid you
don't know that you don't know a lot of
things that you should know you know but
it's all about learning and being humble
and grateful grateful Matthew
McConaughey he said last night in his
Oscar acceptance speech sorry Leo got
snubbed again Jia's watched the Oscars
last night we did one thing that I loved
loved loved which I feel like is so true
he said it's a scientific fact he said
and I tweeted it last night he said it
is a scientific fact that gratitude
reciprocates meaning that if you're
grateful you will get good things I
promise you that you have to be excited
and happy for successful people I've
always said that if you are not happy
for success and the success of others
you will never achieve it yourself if
you're not happy with what you have
right now why do you ever expect that
you'll get more if you're not happy with
what you have right now no matter what
it is if you're not grateful for that
how will you ever expect to get more if
you're not grateful for the things that
you now have now I'm not saying that you
shouldn't be ambitious and that you
shouldn't want to go out there and get
more things and you know be successful
and be hungry to achieve more but you
have to be grateful you have to learn to
be grateful in the here and now this
second right now right now this is the
moment to be happy
this second that's the secret of life
I'll pick up the kids put her there
partner tell me how was the squalor
today did you learn some knowledge it
was did anybody bully you yeah where did
you bully anybody else did you witness
any bullying did you see anybody
bullying anybody else what would you do
if you did see somebody do that I would
say don't you dare do that - yeah that
person okay
and you never bully right alright good
where's your brother and sister I pride
being bullied go get him son tart how
was school today good what if it was bad
would you tell
yeah would you tell me if somebody was
bullying you what you bully anybody no
you didn't what happened to your knee oh
my goodness did you run a Tough Mudder
while your explode today what happened
there did you get aggressive on the
soccer field
I see low fence I see ladies get in
Luffy poufy how was your day at school
how many kids arms did you break today
fine you broke a million arms today
that's bad she beat her record you beat
your own personal record what he legs
did you break a million baby tired are
you a bully what do you say say it
reverently good yes see this is very
nice somebody sent this to us and it is
a very good drawing and you mean by the
last three months what did you do what
let me see what's that princess
excited yeah I got droid thank you for
whoever setting this it was in the vlog
other day the same person that sent us
all that stuff that is so good huh
I love you we're down baby dog pile
gender sister dude you're lucky she
almost pile drives you all right I'm
editing get out here quit buggin mates
jump Niel from there to the hole nice be
honest his mommy and all those Tim Tams
are in that box did she open the box oh
she's in trouble I'm gonna go yell at
her Colette how many Tim times did you
eat don't lie to me
one box you said you weren't any more
intense there so condition you do a Tim
Tam slam hey hey doctor come here
yesterday's vlog gets a little crazy
- and yesterday's vlog when I facepalm
body-slammed rock hard on the bed it
looks kind of aggressive I think people
like maybe people that see our videos
for the first time they saw that like
whoa what an abusive father-son time
tell them the truth
am i abusive don't lie or I'll beat you
what are you making babe Oh yummy
let me see you dribble that ball there
some tizzle how many times can you get
it oh you're grounded bro okay
come be abusive to them I'll hold em
babe I got him the 10 year old ladies
talk
hey everybody Shane the editor here so I
have a new coworker apparently a lot of
you in the comments have been requesting
that rocked hard to the end slate on all
the Shaytards logs so I have to work
with this guy no he's not so bad I guess
do you like doing the insulate rock hard
do you think it's fun
well what do you think's the funnest
part about doing it yeah yeah I
understand what do you think about your
loser dad that I have to work for do you
like him
are you sure can you say something other
than yeah I figured okay you ready do
the end slate okay here we go
go do it go ahead do it hmm
see I don't see why you guys have been
requesting him to the end slate
I guess now
excuse me
don't touch my glasses either my glasses
my job it's my job now
again add other beauty speedos I think I
like their booze about are you gonna
punish me though I like cold that Shaner
yeah okay it's time for a girls that's
shopping day because we are getting
ready to go on a trip and we're getting
ready for playlist live this month oh no
we don't have a ton of time we only have
got about an hour so we're just gonna go
look for swimming suit for me because I
don't fit into anything right now
oh my god commercial commercial tard
alright you wanna come come what you got
so far
yeah she has doubters out there this is
it out with the baby perfect outfit
clothes live and these shoes that she
loves so much to go with that and we're
still debating on whether the gold ones
are those ones and of course they had to
pick the white jackets and I already
gave them a lecture on the white jacket
so we'll see how long realize you have
to try to keep them clean keep in mind
we're gonna be in Florida it's gonna be
hot okay so cute love it okay trying to
find a swimming suit I found all of
these swimming suits and I don't know
which one is gonna fit I don't really
want to try them on it is hard finding a
swimming suit that fits right am i right
ladies because I don't wear two pieces
and I don't really want to show off too
much of my bazoombas if you know what
I'm talking about so I got to find
something that covers me well enough
okay maybe we might have to go to the
Claire's next time we come shopping cart
is not the best to shop with because
she's on a schedule and I like to mosey
that's how I do it but you know what we
make a good mix because then she helps
push me along and I help rein her back a
little all right well we did it we made
some purchases we didn't quite get to
every store we wanted to but there we
are heading home so ladies you're gonna
have to help me figure out which
swimsuit works best for me okay okay
it's the plan I hate trying on swimsuits
it's my least favorite thing to buy it
because it's hard to find the perfect
one it's never gonna be the perfect one
it's just got to fit somewhat correctly
there's little guy like smoosh up with
prop me and just
like yeah right mom you guys thank you
for retweeting the tweet that I tweeted
when you retweet it at 608 of yo
shouldn't give me all big fat kisses on
your faces so you guys we are so close
to 2 million Shaytards who may add
subscribers I can't believe it can you
guys can you guys help me get that
trending on the Twitter's over here on
the tweeter twisters wait wait focus
focus focus focus nailed it
hey do you know how many subscribers we
have no we don't we almost have 2
million you know how many 2 million is
enough any concept of that number how
many is it how many is 2 million mmm
yeah let's thing right ask these people
in your saddest puppy-dog eyes face if
they'll please subscribe to our channel
it's free you guys just hit the
subscribe button and please we're almost
2 million I promise I won't quit the
vlogs I'm just gonna take a little time
off that's it come on we're not gonna
leave you guys hanging
come on subscribe you're gonna get it
you're gonna get it oh my goodness look
at that California sunset that's
gorgeous Ezekiel you're such a beautiful
animal look at that sunset
yeah there's Sun tard sunset Center Hart
sunset centaur sunset Sun tarde stop
look at me stop you guys yes
because we're going to a shoe guy for
dinner all right where we are what's
this place yes go to spot and they have
a live jazz band it's very fancy
jazz hands jazz hands ladies you know
you're an important meeting when you do
Jasmin's that's for sure all right I'm
gonna not eat back because that's
unhealthy wait a minute I didn't order
that
I'll see you at play this no she'll let
me pull our mm but she will let me give
her a helicopter so and I feel like if I
spin her hard enough and she keeps her
mouth open her tooth might just fly out
keep your mouth open
but listen maybe that's about it don't
bite your tongue off okay we'll find it
no more I have a truth detector it's
like a metal detector but four teeth
okay ready
stick your tongue in your mouth keep
your tongue in your mouth ready I'm
gonna spin you so hard your own teeth
you pull it out yourself
see well where we just loosen up more
helicopters
no more helicopter you ready yeah I was
loud there is my land you want the
helicopter - very good
you don't like loud enough Zeki oh he's
130 pounds
I bet he's 140 now I don't think I've
ever given you a helicopter yes you have
yeah sure
helicopter time - bored citizen a 1 2 7
12 machinist time hey bro
when mom's not looking I'll give you a
helicopter K down the helicopter death C
helicopter alright you're too young baby
today's March 4th are you really yeah I
mean not that I don't feel like it's
over like everyone's like it's over but
I feel like it's just the beginning of
something else crazy and awesome yeah
it's just you know an end of an era it's
one of those momentous moments where you
know you can sit back and look at a
five-year chunk of your life and more
has happened and changed for us in these
five years then you know probably any
five years combined I would say right
it's been such a crazy ride and I'm so
glad I did it with you every step of the
way I'm so glad that we have all these
memories now seriously I have been the
last couple days I have been watching
and when I go make the insight and I go
find the links for the one year ago two
year ago three years ago four year ago
videos I just go watch those and just
relive all those memories and like oh
yeah I can't remember I forgot about
this time and you know moving out here
and starting maker studios and all those
times with all of our YouTube friends
and all the places we've gone and people
we've met having babies and watching
them grow up and seeing their like
they're different hair styles and you
know you're a great mom you're the best
mom in the world and the best wife I've
ever had
I know I always feel like we do it's
crazy all right you guys one more day
and we will have been vlogging every
single day for five years check out
yesterday's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button and go back and reminisce
with us click on those 1 2 3 & 4 year
ago videos and see what we've been doing
all these years
check out the five year ago but how
we're gonna be run out of space on these
end slates alright guys as always as we
have for the last five years we will see
you tomorrow
