yes well fine smiler get that little
hitch in his smile I'll give you a half
you're not worth a fool I'll give you a
half smile if you're lucky think about
this today may be the last one
take Sunday in Shaytards history why do
you think what are you sad
you guys listen do you guys realized
that we've been making a video every
single day for five years I'm a little
tired
can I just take a break can I start
teaching you guys
no you talk either not us you guys we
can do whatever you want when you sure
we do it
where you peed in our house no okay you
guys decide how often are we gonna make
videos Monday through Friday so you guys
want to do yeah apprentice hardware show
me in the house okay show me where where
where where Z Chioma Oh zekiel because
he's afraid of the rain okay Rock Tower
you clean it up who's gonna clean it up
the wheel clean it up why because you
think he's a big dog
doggie he's tough well he's afraid of
the rain right yeah big duck dog
wouldn't pee in our house you're in
trouble
so princess our distress Monday through
Friday how often I think we should make
videos
like that schedule yeah okay what if we
taught you guys how to edit would you
guys edit you'll edit why not why not
take a lot of work and go to school and
you want to edit dude I'm going to teach
you how to edit k that's I don't can't
leave I haven't done that already you
guys know how I feel about child labor I
gotta get to child editing labor going
on around here don't you think
okay you guys know that daddy and mommy
are going on a vacation yes what would
you make there okay me and mom yeah
don't tell it's a secret oh oh yeah
we're not telling these guys yeah I just
found out this morning I talked to mommy
card into telling me so on the six I'm
very excited because I don't know where
were we going and I was like I don't
know this mine um mom saved her for me
okay I'm gonna bet I can eat the rest
you just save the rest for you know I
like to do a little bit of cake left so
on March 6 the day after my birthday
mIET mom and bro tarde is coming with us
so you're not totally gonna have a
vacation we have to take the nipple
sucker with us 24/7 so we're getting on
an airplane and flying away from the
internet when are we coming back when
are we coming back on Monday let's go
look at the calendar okay let's go look
at our Shaytards calendar which are sold
out you can't buy them anymore so we're
leaving on the 6th and then we are going
somewhere special special special
special special and find back on oh it's
not very long vacation I was hoping we
could do like three weeks three days
it's not gonna happen I'm gonna have
that money then we can do three weeks if
it's during the summer can we take the
kids with us right yeah well it'll be a
nice couple days I will not be uploading
a video on the Shaytards maybe I will I
don't know maybe we'll get to our
location I'll be like I'm gonna show
them where we're at
I know I probably will um don't hold me
to it I don't know we're gonna see we're
gonna do this together you guys we're
gonna play it by ear we're gonna see
what happens
but it is five years of daily vlogging
that today is the second I hate to even
say because it sounds so cliche but it's
insane that we've done this for five
years I'm gonna be 34 years old can you
believe it I love this isn't one of my
favorite three picture montages of the
calendar he's me slide down a railing
into my family's arms what I love about
it is it's and such a monumental thing
that we've been doing it for five years
but it's not it's like this is just the
beginning
all right not of the everyday vlogs but
the beginning of something else it's a
new era in our lives you know I think
we're gonna really start working on
producing more like content with the
kids music videos like committing to
anything right now but we just have a
lot of other ideas just stay tuned we
are just inside of money okay all right
one take
Sunday yeah we're probably not gonna do
these on the new schedule I think what
we will probably do is a Monday through
Friday schedule when we come back from
the vacation and you know I mean I don't
want to be held to anything I guess is
why I don't want to like say what our
schedule is gonna be I'm just like we're
gonna upload vlogs and then we're gonna
do skit videos and we have a lot of
other opportunities coming up I can
really start to focus on the vlog you
mentoree
we're still working on that and you know
it's still gonna happen we're still
gonna make that movie there's still
meetings and discussions that are
happening we will fulfill all the perks
and it's just it's just been hard with
having the new kid the fifth baby that
came along doing the daily vlogs and
everything else we try to do it's just
been really busy so now we'll be able to
free up some time to do some other
things which I'm really excited about
this much water pot a bit drink it let's
clean more it's getting that la smog
that is la smog it poured so hard
yesterday you'll see in tomorrow's vlog
alright well any last words on one take
Sunday we love you thinking about this
what if this is the very last one takes
Sunday leave a message about this okay
I've got a message ok children gather
around I want to talk to you guys sit
down that's a key don't step in poop
children I just want you guys to know I
love you and I appreciate you guys being
such good kids he's have very been very
well behaved do you guys say what if
this was the last time you're ever to
talk to these guys what would you say to
them venture without you guys we've
ordered over had lots of opportunities
because of this job way we got some
opportunism
oh ok stay tuned oh that's a good point
there's five years of Shaytards reruns
there's a lot of good videos a lot of
good memories a lot of good times you
can go back through and watch go watch
all of them all 1,900 videos there's so
many videos don't watch this one watch
all the other ones but this one baby
turn hey babes heart can I ask you a
serious favor
have we ever pulled out one of your
teeth on the Shaytards videos come on
it's about to fall out
let me just pull it out okay I'm gonna
get it out come on baby tart it's about
to fall out you're gonna slowly I'm
afraid you're gonna be eating something
you're gonna swallow it let me get it
out okay
can I do it well my last words you guys
the last one takes Sunday that we've
committed to the reason why we started
one take Sundays in the first place is
because we believe that Sunday is a day
of rest we believe you guys know we
haven't kept it a secret we are members
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter
day Saints yes you do go adriaen and we
believe that sunday is a day of rest
where you know the Lord has given us one
day and it's funny because I think a lot
of people think like oh it's Sunday
you can't do anything fun but it's
really kind of nice not relaxing just to
be like there's one day to just refresh
and - you know recalibrate your
perspectives and in what's important and
think about eternal things and not about
you know just specific you think about
families I don't want to see the cold
waters yeah okay we'll see the water I
think we should clean that out
I agree necessarily a day where we don't
do anything but we spend it with family
and we focus on service sometimes we
watch the Oscars watch the way we think
I love this baby boy
I'm so grateful for this new baby boy we
have in our lives a healthy perfect
little baby boy straight from heaven
alright anyways thank you guys for all
the memories we'll be back I feel like I
don't know how to feel you know like
this end of a five-year chunk of our
lives there's so many emotions and it's
not over but it's you know we've kind of
made this like landmark it's a milestone
yeah it's definitely not over and I mean
I know a lot of people have felt like
it's over like it's like the vlogs are
going to be
here and you know maybe I'll decide I
want to do dailies again you know but I
just I definitely need some time where
you know around six o'clock at night I
don't get the inevitable tweet where's
the vlog that's one thing over the last
five years that's one statement that I
have grown to almost hate and detest
more than anything is that one little
question sentence where's the vlog like
it's coming I don't know why I mean that
is really like frustrated me over last
yeah it took a boss like where's the
where's the job goodbye
yeah we're finished the Johnson file
file is coming and it's actually a good
thing you know that was one of that when
we very very first started you doing
YouTube videos that was one of the
things that would confuse me so much is
how mad people would get when we didn't
upload a video and I would be like wait
a minute so you're like yelling at me in
an angry manner because you want more of
me and I was like I guess that's a
compliment maybe
because you seem really angry and mean
but it's because you want more of me you
know so I was always weird when I first
started out but people like make more
videos you idiot lazy why I'm like okay
I think that was a compliment but I
can't tell because you're being so mean
right now I guess I'll make another
video it's been a weird ride man it has
been quite an experience rater
but it's not over it's definitely a lot
over you have not heard the last of the
Shaytards so that is for sure we're
gonna take a little vacation for four
days and we'll be back and we'll
probably upload a few while we're on
vacation look at Oh me
maybe all right love you guys want to
take Sunday may be the last one ever
maybe not who knows we have no idea what
we're doing with our lives then have we
ever that's the beauty of it
