by guys who run away to school what are
we doing both words throw my guard up
with words for alliteration you guys
want me to do yes this is an
alliteration of things that start with
yes are you ready yes
J sings silly sassy socks songs strongly
in San Francisco sometimes good pretty
good
okay that was radical that was really
radical said rowdy the raccoon it
searches out what it is raining in
Calais is very bad not sunny Southern
California it is really ridiculous okay
so I'm tired you come with 1 4 s now
okay Shay
the same word that I use Sally slithers
silently
soli
I was a forward alliteration hard can
you do one the CEO got one starts with a
c charles chooses championships to chomp
dude i have dominated in your faces
innovation Fiona
farts fun fishies
or Ivan liberation you have a lot lately
an alliteration an alliteration say I
like to go to the alliteration
establishment I would like to go to the
little Asians jabus Leary licks leathers
lollipops nice
what about really licks large luscious
lollipops but Lily lick large nope
Lily licks lemon lollipops all right I
had a backup here to Pentastar okay bye
bye yeah she needs to learn how to do it
very licks large lemon leopard lollipops
you guys know what I'm doing tonight
what I get to go introduce the inventor
of youtube.com at an award show it's
called the Oscar Wilde event about
people Irish in films and guess who else
is gonna be there
Conan O'Brien wish me luck I'm kind of
nervous you guys Chevy nervous or not oh
 cuz if you're not never still be
fine like a girl it's okay you kind of
get a little nervous when you're meeting
colonel pryzer the creator
well Conan O'Brien is not the creator of
YouTube Chad Hurley is the creator of
YouTube Conan O'Brien's on TV every
single night I think I would you know
just gotta do it then she's gonna be
exciting you have any advice for me not
giving a speech imagine that hope I
don't know cuz I guess it just makes you
laugh and then you don't feel so like
but maybe you make you laugh and you may
have a lesson uh polish it yeah okay
thanks for the advice of children bye
have a good day at school I love you bye
bye Mike salut face I love it smell in
the air the sky the wetness the palm
trees
really quite a nice day when it rains I
love when it rains in LA no better way
to start the day than getting a fresh
juice did it I love this place because
they do like fresh juices in every
morning like they choose some and then
just put it right here on the shelf got
such a wide variety and then juice these
right here in the store watermelon apple
ginger apple juice apple ginger ginger
beer double ganger bubble Cola
Willy Wonka reference pink grapefruit
coconut almond milk yay all is good and
right in the world I got my baby back
it's a different way it's like it's
easier buddy's not your place for
hey-zeus I missed you a lot
do you know that did you miss me too
I think that's a yes give me hot love
you don't fight me and little bro tart
miss hanging out with you because this
is our dynamic duo in the morning no you
crazy and you crazy and I love you crazy
who's master the ice who's yours you
know what my snack is yeah you you're my
snack you're the best snack ever so
sweet but a little bit salty Android
today's the day you guys that I am going
to get a new phone I have had an iPhone
4 for a really long time with the new
software and everything it's starting to
get really slow like it's just not
compatible with the new stuff it's time
I need a new phone I can't use half of
my apps because it's just not working
I'm kind of excited but a little bit
like Oh goodbye old phone isn't that
weird like I get sort of sentimental a
little bit with my phone it's time for a
new one let's do it you got a wrinkled
silly goony face I love my silly Kuni
faced um voice I can say ma I forgot I
forgot what I was gonna say hmm
not important have you guys rocks start
over and knock on the door again
Oh
oh wow else is really getting icy there
hey we're just waiting for the store to
open guys we're having a blast singing
songs so maybe if she sang it like that
she would have come out okay change of
plans I just learned that they're going
to release the new iPhone 6 this year at
some point and my phone's not bad it's
just really slow so I'm just gonna hold
on to it until they release the new
phone cuz you know how that goes guys
you just got to do it got to get your
upgrade a little beautiful I'm going out
where are you headed to
we were just saying I should have
plugged the process of getting ready but
I think we're both happy Jenner's so I'm
gonna think to think I'm sorry about
that we had a whole should I wear this
should I wear this yeah Leslie was there
helping us a huge session of that on my
part
nothing fits I got this
it's my ball look back in this and she
bought me this for Christmas I did a
little bit not confident in it but I
decided I'm gonna rock it rock it girl
why don't you go girl
well just cuz it shows my legs and my
legs are kinda way and I still have
bands your lays young I am you rose
alright so we're actually headed to this
event where am i this is so insane this
is like what is my life I got an email
about two weeks ago from Chatterley you
may know Chad Hurley you may not know
Chad Hurley
he invented a website that you may or
may not be familiar with well yes you
actually aren't probably familiar with
it he invented YouTube dabka you're
watching right you're on it
that's a Zen website is now in your
viewing pleasure so I've known Chad
Hurley and he's known me the first time
I ever met him was at YouTube live in
two thousand eight or seven I think in
San Francisco and I actually met Steve
Chen who's the other co-founder of
YouTube at my very first youtube
gathering in San Francisco on pier 39 at
the wharf and it was like that guy made
YouTube they sold YouTube to Google for
1.6 billion dollars anyway so I got an
email from Chad Hurley a couple weeks
ago he's like hey random question would
you be willing to introduce me at this
event where I'm winning an award and I
was like yes I will drop everything and
do that inventor of youtube.com the
person who has changed my life before
ever so we are going to JJ Abrams bad
robot space JJ Abrams is the director of
all like Star Wars and transformers and
movies dot awesomeness and I will be
giving like a three to four minutes
speech in which I have prepared yeah
really nervous you're gonna do brand I
am presenting Chatterley at this award
show where he will win this award yeah
it's gonna be pretty dang awesome
wish me luck it's four-leaf clover which
is ironic because it's an event about
the Irish in the arts Irish leaders know
it's the mommy time let's have a look at
my guitar I really like the new color
yeah that's really different for me
right I like it though fun you've got a
rad before a little bit yeah but this is
really red I think it's a really bad
memory buddy good thing cuz I'm really
ready it's really radical radical all
right this is the event we're at Oscar
Wilde honoring the Irish in film all
rights were supposed to walk on the
ground her finger picture team walked on
the green carpet was my amazingly
gorgeous wife gave my illustrious speech
handed Chad Hurley the inventor of
YouTube the award for the us Ireland
Alliance took a selfie with Conan
O'Brien Joel McHale 810 pounds of hors
d'oeuvres and then went home you guys
you want pledge to go put her outfit
back on that's the real mommy card I got
my chocolate I want to show them my
sweat you look so hot go put it back on
back to one
go get your wardrobe bag oh yeah they
did take pictures of us on the green
carpet um you guys she looked hot
tonight
mommy turned in and then she just came
downstairs she's like oh we should have
logged in our outfits but uh I'll tweet
some pictures later yeah we shouldn't
film in the space sorry guys I know but
I think they filmed it so there might be
it might be on a YouTube channel because
I know that that past Award winners have
they have a YouTube channel so I will
let you guys know I gave a speech I set
right next to Conan O'Brien
Conan O'Brien said I was funny that I
know okay so let me tell you guys this
fine I know sorry so after I was done it
was like Joel McHale Conan O'Brien's
wife Conan O'Brien me Colette Chad
Hurley
I got done sat down and Conan O'Brien's
like that was really good and I was
sitting right next to him just yeah
collab with City clevis 40 with Conan
O'Brien
I was up on stage so then I sat down and
the whole thing was over we're all
standing there's like the stand-up kind
of like you know and I'm like right next
Conan O'Brien and he says he's like hey
that was really funny goes do you have a
background in comedy and klutzes I
should have said yes but I thought it
was sounded cooler to be like no well I
think you're funny all the time so I
said I was a radio DJ he's like oh
really like I guess you were really fun
up there and then write is like he's
giving me these column ends this guy at
like a maze excuse me Conan I'm a huge
fan like linger like right next door no
Brian like hoping we would pick up where
he left off because I might give it
Jimmy Tony baby and the most guys like
can I get a picture is done and then
started talking to somebody else and I
wanted to like tap on the shoulder by
Laurie said wait so what about me more
about me about like me my comedy
background pinky finger out be fancy
that he wants mommy's milk anyway it was
fun we had a good night
it was way fun and shaded amazing he
won't tell you but you know yeah
seriously I did really good I'll tell
you
right I did really really well it was
like this guy announced him and then he
announced Chad and then he said YouTube
sensation shake our office which I've
never really understood that term
YouTube sensation what is a sensation
YouTube sensation is something someone
that's everyone is celebrating right I
like that idea
it's very sensational well I'll take it
it was fun such a cool opportunity thank
you to Chad Hurley
the inventor of YouTube which you were
on right now and we've been on for the
last six years that's pretty cool and
also he's a multi hundred million air
that's the guy said on stage she's like
any soul that he sold it for a billion
dollars actually was one point six
billion dollars I'm alright anyways what
are the kids doing I'm gonna beat the
children now okay the house is a mess
what is going on two kids the two young
babies are sleeping
hey you're fakin it cuz you know dad's
gonna come here and say get this house
clean you're like oh if I pretend I'm
asleep he won't make me clean is that
what you're thinking in your little mind
yeah look you guys I got a wristband
what do you think of that huh
waiting in that wristband I love kids
it's this huge night huge opportunity
for me and the first thing there is like
whoa cool wrist bed dad yes they did
give away cool wristbands at the bad
robot space uh you guys what a last
night was one of those I tweeted this
earlier pardon my language but how the
hell did I get here moments that was one
of those nights last night was like you
know I was sitting there moments before
as the guys introducing me
I have Conan O'Brien Joel McHale to my
right and Chad Hurley to my left and the
guy is introducing me and I could feel
my heart in my chest like beating so
hard like you know when you've read in
books and like I felt like my heart was
in a beat out of my chest
I felt that way last night and instead
of getting nervous
I like channeled it
and I thought to myself this is maybe
one of the coolest moments of my life
you know barring like having my children
the yeah that was those were great
moments getting married those are great
moments but just to I mean how far we've
come because of these little YouTube
videos and I got to thank you guys and I
just in that moment sat there and just
thought I'm gonna feel what this moment
feels like I love this nervous feeling
in my heart just pounding feeling alive
you know and a huge rush of adrenaline
anyways it was really cool really cool
moment alright check out yesterday's
vlog if you're feeling lucky got a
special video for ya there clear on the
villain lucky buddy is not this works as
the ants like like on those videos one
two three and four years ago what were
we doing tomorrow's March first
crazy crazy see you guys tomorrow
