hi I'm logging here everybody I will
introduce you to the voice name stage
stage that's your horse huh
oh that's a nice saddle let me give it
you mama
we're from daddy pig reside not here
because she's running so fast oh those
were fast lines those are motion lines
wow you're already becoming an animator
good can't hit her tail in a this cuz it
was like a part like a pony tail yeah oh
I'm so cute this is our voice sad right
right satellite like a satellite like
you sit on it or saddle saddle just a
saddle my boo sure miss fancy pants me
and finding dragon fancy pants it's a
given yeah it's a gamer and it's just a
stick figure with hair and then he has
these really cool pants that's really
cute Lani good job fighting dragons
animals my lunch do you like those here
I want those watch what you can and you
will see hi how was your day to do draw
any pictures thanks for watching your
face but I think you missed a spot
oh I didn't wash my feet so much my
hands oh you're spoiling wash your face
too really I didn't even know about dad
I made a note for you did Lucy she
supposed to your advice probably okay
sorry sorry he misses his daddy -
alright I love you - I love you too type
to do something okay I love you too for
heaven's DeMarcus he loves me a lot
he misses his daddy so much I knew daddy
ah hey everybody who's retainage me on
April when your baby's room occurs no no
rare air hissing all right so we're
going to the ATM I'm gonna pay Logan
some money to do a job secret job though
roll your window down
I'm not giving you my dad dude automatic
oh dude you're so fancy
oops got it here hopefully
hi hello my name is Logan this is my
sucker that I'm sucking up fish eh
excuse me
they just crawl all over you guys hey
can i film this can i film you doing you
are you looking I wasn't looking look
maybe a little peek but it wasn't like
long enough hey hey buddy he looking yah
working love him just you love is enough
just suit the morons 2/4 phone what
yo ghetto total morons to put us on dude
you're like all of Amish I can't do - oh
they're freaking out of cash you know
that you're an Idaho and the banks are
out of cash really unavailable ATM
alright move another did you soon there
was an ATM at that gas station we were
at was there yeah word I'm going to the
dentist again okay so what's going on
with my mouth guys as I had silver
fillings put in about eight nine years
ago when Princess hard was born silver
fillings are cheaper than white fillings
that's why I got them originally and we
were like pretty broke back then when I
had to get them filled and now they're
all starting to fall out which oh it
sucks so now I'm going to the dentist
again for the second time to get one I
had two fillings that popped out and I
have to get the other one crowned last
week fixed one now where I'm here to fix
the other one my mouth is going to be
numb I'm trying to go earlier because
tonight I have a shoot with the moms who
and we're do like going to a salon and
having a girls day out with the little
girls I'm really excited about it me
Kayli Braley princess hard and baby tart
it's gonna be really fun so I'm trying
to get this done early enough so that
I'm not like this at the shoot my mom
Blair ma'am I love that say goodbye to
your uncle Logan Oh give him kisses dude
that's cool do can kiss give him a kiss
say I love you uncle Logan hey alright
so you're doing the Tough Mudder right
I'm going to go do the Tough Mudder I'm
going to be tough in the mud my brother
tuff my brother and your sister hey she
knew that yes yeah
to do it you need to go get her make
sure she trained in doing slack job
lately and not been one that's your job
Logan you go get Carly and you get her
to train for the Tough Mudder going to
Chinese do we need to do it as a sibling
unit it's gonna be me you K seen Carly
think how fun that'll be on its a unit
the butler unit and then I think I'm
gonna try to drag Logan to playlist live
although those of you a fur vet we can
look up words that we're going on an
airplane those of you who are gonna be
in Florida for playlist live we're gonna
bring Logie Baird Thomas live let me
live and keep sauce love you too bye you
want go nope just keep us yeah okay
we're going to California we don't need
coats there pick 11 on the top I'm back
and how does it look can you tell that
my mouth is completely numb didn't I
actually think you can't tell as much
this time because you can tell when I
talk because it's way back here it's not
so much in my lips back here so
hopefully I'll be you know good enough
to shoot today that I don't sound like I
have a total lisp because I kind of have
a list today anyway let's go see what
the baby's doing so that we can get out
of here we gotta get him ready hey
little muffin you just stretching your
legs out we just kicked in and
stretching your legs Oh somebody else
wants attention to do need attention yes
it's a trashy hole in this room I'm
sorry dad will be home soon and then you
guys will all get new attention are you
ready to go AHA good cuz we're gonna go
get our hair done not you though cuz
you're still bald you want to get your
hair done okay
well maybe we can just you know comb it
to the side maybe do a little faux hawk
action what do you think that's very
interesting I will be sure to note that
G Oh Toto zapatos toes alright let's go
little buddy rock chair just cracked me
wait come here come here let's tell them
what you just said so we're here in the
airport waiting to board our plane and
rock card finds the vending machine and
he says death I buy skittles and I said
no I don't have any money and he reaches
into his pocket and goes I have monies
mr. Reach is so funny you had it videos
it let me see how much money of you I
don't think you have enough let me see
that's a dime the skittles are $1 for
skittles that's highway robbery gotta be
kidding me
what is the price of a skittle these
days you have a dollar you only have ten
cents you eat ninety more sense
Ricky you need ten you need 90 more
transfer Oh paddy hey why don't you go
around the airport and ask people for
money maybe they'll give you some money
can you ask people say can I have some
money's I bet you yogurt some you dare
do it okay get on the airplane buster
I'm up those stairs to your private jet
this is rock tired air flying all the
way to Los Angeles California okay
smooth row ten keep going keep going to
the back we sat on the exact same seats
on the exact same plane he ran back must
be our lucky plan no that's one right
here okay we made it we're at the
private room getting our hair done the
girls get to wear these smocks you're
going to walk my love you're so smoky
today this is going to be so much fun
we're just having a girls day and if you
want to see the full version you can
watch it on the model too pretty soon I
don't know exactly which day so I'll let
you know when it comes up but this
little man's video is hair done too
right
you're aware Dhokla imagine a high
schooler you did but why because you're
wearing a smock
that's a graduation smock he's really
excited yeah you guys this is awesome
I'm excited that you can sources a
little bit jealous that someone else is
cutting off his I know she she wants to
cut it to her shoulders again guys and
she had to call down this morning
to see if it was okay stitching right
here you're gonna get pink in it yeah
yeah so this morning she had to call dad
because he's pretty particular about how
the girls had their hair cuz he loves it
long so she called dad and said dad I
really want to cut my go to my shoulders
and of course he was like trying to talk
her out of it but he said okay if you
want to do it we'll do it whatever he
said whatever
okay so we're cutting your hair again
but you know what her hair grows so fast
I have a feeling we're gonna be in this
chair again in a few months ready to cut
it okay these girls over here getting
ready to answer quick Twitter questions
not project project or points I have to
watch it I need to be home
right here we go we're Salt Lake City
headed back to Los Angeles excited to
see him on guitar it's funny only three
days mix missing so much
he touched outside of the plane Bechet
we're gonna be safe for sure now we're
gonna go to Mom's house pushing buttons
broke my own tom is a dreamer who stares
up into the night sky and watches the
face of the friendly eyes are gazing
back Tony's intently listened to here in
the small dreamers side too
you
I dream of a beautiful name
and I'm three little children to laugh
and to play here this morning
more dreamer and please grant meaning
love our family is my
saw the hope in the poor dreamers eyes
and he granted him all that he has the
dream I rejoiced and he went on his way
last one off the train last one off the
plane last one last one last one last
one let's go my little mining planet in
Los Angeles let's go see our wife and
children yeah you like Mojave to you
there's Kayleigh is it good you're like
an angel right now toy Laila you got a
halo and like shiny hair and all sorts
of stuff oh this is what being a the
salon is all about the hair washing it's
the best and I heart you are next are
you funny I asked you me okay I already
consortio like whatever mom what okay
sweetheart ready enjoy dinner I'm going
to trim mine and put out a ping Damon
okay pay attention it's all it's gonna
be so cool sorry that pink attention and
a big commercial there's something about
it is it'll grow really fast
- my god ice it'll go ahead here we go
get her hair cut again it's gonna be
beautiful I am just like the first time
at a place because usually I get my
Kaylee oh there it goes you're like that
you want your hair cut
nope not yet oh it's gonna be so cute
but I think I get more attached than she
does
well Shay gets more attached let's just
say that way you're just waiting for
someone to do your hair I'm sure you've
been laying here is it my turn let's go
down here and then shoot to go get
pretty person that's good she forgot
that she'll be back
you're finally I did until are you
falling asleep now
that's the met it feels funny so funny
oh my goodness not too different style
so far it looks very pretty I like it
what do you think Oh
oh my goodness look how sassy
I just current okay I just cover hair
and like she natural not natural couple
just like curl I'm like baby charts
- so far do you like it yes me braley
and me are gonna get bright bright we're
gonna get Bailey not screw it up or hair
1000 crew what do you guys think I love
the color it's like a red lip red hair
was awesome but see it do you like it
short
oh she put like curls right here it does
look so straight up it's like a mist
anybody like a clique - second - yeah
really live it up
let me see yours so pretty a nice trim
and it was much for volumous but I think
she's been flying so but it's super cute
and Kaylie's so I didn't like a little
do I look like I've been on the kitchen
- yeah smoke cream they just made that
ice cream no I do is it good
I've had it here bang yes they just make
it right here I get me sexually mmm I
like it chewy you can get 3 gallons each
yeah with six candy bars on top
sure thing all right so what is it Ryan
nitrous oxide
liquid various liquid yeah liquid
nitrogen freezer 21 degrees dude
dancing that fog deep this is a music
video hurry we don't you need to order a
fog machine we just get ice cream we'll
do some slow motion with a little bit of
lights oh yeah getting sexy getting sexy
in here he was doing a sexy dance kid
the liquid nitrogen dance
turn the lights down and turn the
slow-mo on so we're back together again
I had a major vlogger failed son tard
and rock chart had like the sweetest
reunion hug like me when they saw each
other was like hey brothers and rocker
just ran up a son tart gave a big hug
and a kiss in just three days we miss
each other
I guess we're meant to be thanks for
watching today's vlog guys please I beg
you click on yesterday's vlog see what
we were doing one year exactly today two
three and four has a lot of comments
because of the nostalgia that I was you
know bringing into yesterday's vlog
about the vlogs ending in a few days you
guys I'm only gonna be gone a week mommy
tart has already purchased a little
vacation destination and she hasn't told
me where I am gonna film on the vacation
we're not going to upload any videos for
a week I will put a giant like vacation
blog together when we come back and then
we're gonna go to Mondays through
Fridays K okay everybody it's gonna be
okay we're still here we love you you
can be part of our family forever
go watch those 1 2 3 & 4 years ago okay
reminisce and if you're feeling lucky
you know what to do kisses see Amaro
