hi I'm logging here we're Lida ho now Oh
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse where's my rock
tarp there he is watching Mickey Mouse I
love him yes I do whoo hey we're drunk
we'll go Wow where's your uncle Logan me
damn there we go find him yeah let's go
find him
okay so just got the vlog up okay what
are you doing hey guess what want to
come back we gonna talk about it why are
you home from your mission Logan tell us
are you healthy it's because apparently
you have healthy legs and bones
y'all healthy right I'm good you're
alive I'm gonna mom already I'm healthy
physically okay that's good got my I got
my GI Joe snap back on you know I'll be
yeah we'll talk about later then right
ttyl you know after you don't have to
that's all I want to you sure yeah you
can just tell me people's none of your
freakin business you guys right now it's
none of your freaky business but I'll
tell you in like a day or two go check
for the next 24 hours it's none of your
freakin business and look you guys left
my glasses here I'm so excited to find a
mom found him under the bed and excited
to wear it again
oh my goodness that's retracting well
that's very tracking
okay that's just weird hey guys guess
what we got to do for you got to stay
back quick hey guys you looking at base
I don't know you gotta go to the knife
oh my hey I got an apple I was really
good as crunchy
you guys ever bite into an apple and
it's like so crunchy and like juicy
you're like oh I got I have seven more
and then you bite into an apple this
like the Machine yours like this
applesauce in your mouth and it's kind
of gross this is a crunchy one and I'm
loving it so kids why did you do at
school today okay
you know what never ceases to amaze me
how amazingly dirty you guys can get at
school hey it's like you come home and
you've got like streaks of mud on your
face almost like you put your hand in a
puddle mud with but am i right I don't
know I'm a pretty dirty okay today I had
PE and I ran a mile and eight minutes in
15 seconds a couple days ago but like we
would get this she em you would say it
would have a pallor of which kind like
one got seven minutes work on nine one
got nine minutes one got ten minutes and
there was different she's a paper I'm
the fastest girl so I got a peak piece
of paper and the pink piece of paper
fastest girl out at our school and I'm
the fastest clown when we run a mile and
so um you get a color of paper and I got
the color pink bright pink because I ran
it in eight minutes and then a middle
mile
I got bright pink and I'm the fastest
girl you know that's really interesting
because I remember myself as a little
girl and I was the opposite end of the
spectrum like there were the girls that
were really athletic and sports eat and
they could do like pull-ups and they
would get the Presidential Fitness award
instead of the national which I would
get the national because I was not that
way I remember they tried to get me to
do one pull-up and I'm just hanging
there like oh yeah I knew it so that you
definitely got your dad's side of the
family
yeah I was like I think the fastest mile
I ever did as a kid was like 13 minutes
what's awful where did you usually get
no I think in elementary school I got
like 11 minutes yeah but how much do you
like what's the most the best time I
don't even know the most amount of time
13 minutes I just told you
Oh mine is 12 minutes and 25 seconds
then well it was the first um that's
your longest anything yeah but your
fastest time this super gauge fast super
do test yeah tell them tell them hi I'm
sue games really fast okay tell them
tell them goodbye we have to go where
it's me today rounds going on wanna have
a little party - a valleys here in Idaho
let's do it I'm about Lori that was that
are you gonna help me see ya happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
Sheikh oh happy birthday to you
help me cancer there is a bunch of
candles about 34 how old are you 34 will
you help me blow it out rock card okay
ready
won't leave I only have three ready I go
together right
one two three yeah we did it
birthdays not even really my birthday
yet here yeah so we're just giving you
prints of my free birthday birthday you
guys wish me happy birthday it's still
how many days away eight more days see
how smart I am
anyway gonna be 34 okay got a phrase it
may be in your shoes hot easy
no yep yes it's a one shoe hey everybody
has to shake it anybody has to get jiggy
though shake is it fragile there's a
puppy in there I got your devotee it's
normal we're gonna break it
oh yeah shake is a fake shake shake it
up pick it up Oh
shake shake shake it up it's empty
okay let's play this game your feet haha
wait is dad already know it's in the
song you bought a pen yeah this is so
you can find your children when you
don't know it our shot-callers it's one
of those fun like the things you blow on
hawaii hotel yeah that's a good idea
kids if they get lost okay okay guess
what GPS trackers that we internally
injected their skin so I can look at
them and there's an app that I can
download no we see that's going to be an
aperture and it has to go double Creek
to the not feelers that is good I should
have been shaking it around so by no
oculars why don't you tell me not to
shake of a row you're bad those are
those are really nice binoculars too I
know that a dad knows what they are they
are good they're ten power is you're
right up Carly's nose holes you deploy
your nose Carly let's see don't touch
don't touch you can see who's coming
yeah it's hard to see because it's so
close we're really powerful like I can't
have I wouldn't I'm gonna peek in
people's windows with these that weird
voice is awkward
thank you yeah though this is perfect is
that good friend that is that is a very
good present different Kajal mom yeah I
used to call you guys home here you go
and wherever in the neighborhood they
say that's it generate my mom get that
all the time it's on the golf course
yeah we never yeah and we would hear it
and our friends would it look like we
got to go
they lie quietly because our mom is old
but what like do you hear that like no
to be in case you were is like Pavlov's
dogs gotta go as if we didn't go she'd
be like I whistled like we couldn't hear
yes you could she's so proud of I was a
real moment we do songs like passive
aggressive tone like we were so
mistreated as children Carly were
admitted we were I did a lot of horrible
childhood we were are such crazy kids
man good food cupcakes but don't have
one cup killer
school for well no-show role this is why
I came from Idaho I wasn't so lucky
lately I wanted to rub my dad's balls
rub the head you get look like the end
of the pool cue ball Oh what is it oh
wait hey mine is too hey all my hair
seems really goes my hair smells were
like that are you very much That's not
me
are you honest acaba I just put it in
here you seem cool around room we're
just here comes the ice cream
I'm not having any Logan we have to get
ready for the tough butter I think I'm
ready I'm gonna hit the gym you guys can
you are you ready this is it only we're
outta here
she's chasing me loaded up with workout
vanilla bean ice cream out alright I'm
watching bro let's see it we're gonna do
make it cool dude you can't be one of
those kids are always like watch this
watch this and you don't do anything
cool eventually I'm not gonna watch your
crappy moves anymore yes yes you did
alright rock guy and I are going to bed
we are bunk buddies I'm tired it's only
10 o'clock at night I'm so tired for
some reason hey check this out you guys
want to show you something I was looking
at these pictures last night I found in
my mom's closet and I brought back some
memories and now even tonight you know
as they're singing they're singing to me
for my 34th birthday
and guys want to see some old throwback
Thursdays of all shake Carlos you want
to see him check these out this is when
I was 13 years old that's Carly Stiles
right there look all nerdy I looked my
denim shirt I'm pulling the Jay Leno
this is me at the BYU boys world of
adventure is this like activity for
young men to go for a week and like it's
like a camp kind of what a nerd watch
out ladies I look nice in my baseball
pants getting ready to go to my baseball
game that's the house I grew up in right
there pop and oh wow look at me always
trying to be a funny guy yeah do I look
silly I was trying to make a silly face
Oh get there there's daddy
I'm doing a method off a giant snow
cliff and that is my little brother
Casey see Casey there's uncle Casey
right there in the background and then
there's grandpa Carl with the molester
mustache nice method bro yeah let's get
stinko Casey's right there behind daddy
there's Casey right behind daddy see you
right there yeah that's him oh that's
tasty
yeah that's uncle Casey oh there's the
early days of skiing at Pebble Creek Ski
Resort braces me cranky I'm wearing skis
those are my skis you know those skis
had my name engraved on them Bob Bob
Beach that's the beach there's as your
daddy and there's uncle Casey who looks
just like a cage oh that's uncle Casey
all right here's what I was 15 years old
going to a dance with Amy Kirkham look
at us we're like so nervous yeah that's
daddy so this was my next-door neighbor
growing up we had these four girls with
us next to us and that her name was Amy
Kirkham kept quit touching the camera
bro I'm vlogging about my early
girlfriends last night last night we're
looking at this and Robert goes dad that
Mommy I'm like no that's that's before
your mommy
oh my hairdo look at that hair do I look
like I'm insane what dude this isn't
about you bro this is about me
crankin and there's our ski trip there's
Casey my brother and my mom that was a
fun day and remember there's Sheikh
Carlos at eight years old on the day I
was baptized this is weird last night I
kind of was tripping out a little bit
looking at this picture just thinking
about all the years that have come this
day to where I'm at right now I just
like looking at my feet thinking those
were my feet sixteen years ago no wait a
minute
26 years ago 26 plus 834 yeah I did it
there's just something that comes with
age I don't know like a nostalgia you
just think about your life you know I
remember that day I remember the day I
was baptized very vividly I think of all
the things that have happened in my life
from that day till this day and all the
journeys I've been on in places I've
been in people I've met and experiences
I've had and things I've seen and you
know the woman I fell in love with and
children I've created it's been quite
the ride I'm gonna die tomorrow that
sounds like it's like a farewell speech
well we're coming in close to the end of
the five years and that is an end of an
era that is an end of a period of my
life yeah for the next 26 years I'll
remember back remember those five years
I did videos every single day
anyways Rock Todd and I are headed back
to California tomorrow you ready to fly
back go see mommy do you love your mommy
do you love your brother son card do you
love your sisters do you love your
little brother
your big brother do you know that you're
a big brother you have to be an example
for your little bro do you understand
huh do you know what it takes to be a
big brother ah alright you wanna go to
bed yeah alright let's go to night-night
no no no I love you No hey thanks for
coming on this trip with me let's go I
appreciate it get in bed again mm-hmm
Maurice wrestling oh I got your head
what are you to do about it now oh my
god your hand huh you
headlock with my feet my feet sink be
honest they stink today I'm gonna get
you can't get away from me
good night I love you honey
are you on teen I miss you so much
no so much can I have a big kiss when
you get home teen oh I'm so excited
cause you are you give her a kiss right
now
good kid thank you ahead come on
I love your kisses thank you ha ha with
fun a cake for dad wanting to find a
cake for Dad yeah no fun is fun cake
with fun cupcakes for Dad yeah we know
grandma grandma gave me cupcakes tonight
for my birthday and they sing happy
birthday to me yeah dance kids a
pleasant okay and that spot de pleasant
what did I get can't tell her what I got
that's the present for eyes they're
called binoculars I got a pair of
binoculars and he's called as a present
for my eyes oculars daddy likes mommies
knock Euler's you know I'm saying
I am NOT Callisto some spotted spiders
all right say good night to mommy
good night good night my love good eye
my long morrow sea lemon good yes yes it
is indeed adorable I know you're
thinking it it's true that's why you're
thinking like that's so cute I know that
is the definition of cuteness rockhard
hogs it all up there's a lack of
cuteness in the atmosphere lately
because he's been eating it all up hey
thanks for watchin a slob thanks for
watching the show George subscribing
thugs enough and giving us a comment
click on a video and help us yeah click
on yesterday's vlog was a good one
they're all good ones I think because
they're my made them rock hard I love
you guys yeah alright guys see you
tomorrow hey I am so sorry the calendars
are sold out totally I seen a lot of you
guys tweeting me they all sold out 2014
shade hard calendars are gone forever
Oh dad said get some socks there's some
socks still available click on that one
two three and four years ago today and
we'll see you tomorrow
