hi I'm logging here let's see dude you
look so cool just like your daddy give
me a five
hey rock cart where we going today I've
never seen a three-year-old so excited
at 5:30 in the morning can you do slide
outs like that boy 580 the morning we're
gonna go on the airplane or anyone open
hey your little brother is sleeping all
right we got a Lear plane let's go good
morning Los Angeles International
Airport you ready buddy hurry we want to
miss our plane let's go you're looking
handsome got your backpack got a string
right there here he comes
mr. travel and then it goes down we
don't miss our plane I know we won't
miss our plane it's jump okay go put it
back you're such a good helper carry
goes mr. traveling man
good job dude all right let's get on the
airplane
you're awesome go give up joy okay but
tonight that's up remember we got a
knock on the outside of the plane for
luck okay okay here we go dude there he
goes
cover your mouth can you top cover your
mouth like that hit they touch the plane
don't jump out of the plane here touch
right here touch it
that i'ma do it my field flight safety
video as an homage to eighties who's an
80s baby I was born in 1980
closest to you and remember
if this happens reshef employment until
the tube is fully
over ear nose and mouth with the elastic
strap over your head and
relate and Allah cure
any question
and finally
a JPEG
abdul-jabbar
you're a 2010 and baby can you imagine
that in the future when Rob talks like I
remember the good old 2010 right here we
go you ready
seat
Wow
but we can use cigar house up here
see our house where is it hi mommy hi
bye California
I have hi oh it is hi to the people
oh hi people hey I'm sorry guys but it
is just so cool here I'll do it for you
guys I know you all want to kiss them
I'll do it for you Carrie hmm this is
from all the people watching you right
now
isn't it cute when I guess I'm happy
their cheeks jiggle oh I have a kink and
I love okay mom
kiss Megan baby really think about that
they're really they're really burnt out
right now
I'll both of them every time we go to
gymnastics I don't want to I don't want
to and even after I pick them up they're
like oh god that's over with you know
what I mean
they're just not having fun so I don't
know I don't know I don't know how long
we're gonna do it they don't really love
gymnastics it's good form right cool
move babe what do you think really okay
well I respect your opinions okay baby
tired we are ready for your magic trick
hey is that magic is that magic trick
all writers recommend matter they make
this note over to the noise prepare at a
great force at a great nawa huh at a
great force magically oh that was so bad
of course whoa okay let's not do things
that great for stuff anymore hey good
fighter attention weirdo try to get on
the airplane
whoa no plane on the tarmac all right
here we go climb the stairs go to the
top go to the top all the way to the top
who's that hmm
give him a holy Oh buddy how you doing
you're everything okay okay it's like a
little boy now does it feel like we're
missing somebody
yes to somebody's head we miss you guys
daddy and rock and Roli owes some gas
you make in front of my hmm I'm miss
gymnastics if I was gonna invent
something like a phone I would invent a
phone that that reads your right and
texted like it reads your mind and puts
it on tape I'll put it on the screen for
you before you even say or force
anything
yeah I'll push it or get saving that was
Holly what would you invent a napkin yes
if you could embed anything in the world
what would it be
you you are Henry's already been
invented that's not think of something
new like I'm letting me down are you
letting me down I'd say a mind-reading
cellphone we quite inventive a machine
that is your favorite yet please give it
back you see now you're thinking you
would use that machine wouldn't you yeah
of course she would you do all the
machine was spending your room hey maybe
you should chew your food up first plan
my Kindle you would play on your machine
while your machine was cleaning your
room I think you think of one yet okay
you already wear shoes what hear that
pinky you can put space my wallet
there's a piece I heard I got a bailout
right probably your hair yeah but it was
like a piece I hear like
right now it's okay you mentioned I want
to hear if I've ever made a hoverboard
which kind of augmented back to the
future but it's a regular skateboard but
then the wheels and the trucks then I
turn a certain way it looks like it's
hovering but like the wheels go like
this but then they turn come down and
then it like snakes let go I don't have
like a rocket engine goes boom I feel
like that's been invented it's not
existent yet but it's better venture
it's benefiting brain anyways what would
you guys invent if you can embed any one
I would invent a teleportation device to
get my babies here right now
not my baby but my honey and my baby
I did this to bowtie anything wrong card
what are you doing oh you really made
him cry
that was me it's okay it's okay yeah I
see you're okay hello everybody welcome
to family home evening
firstly we'll have B prayer by Shannon
Butler careful the base is right there
okay cut that sometimes I'll be saying a
prayer okay hey everybody for drums what
drunk for that nice introduction
now we'll be having a song by Jackson
we're doing I am a child of God
and he has me here God has given me an
earthly home with parents kind auntie's
won't leave anymore he's boycotting this
me all that I must do to the rhythm
stung dead doesn't it feel empty without
dad and making jokes I know that's true
you're right to your nationair Europe go
back to your imaginary lady
princess tea party favorite earn stops
with your I Spit over
oh okay baby drugs I've heard me I'm not
gonna be getting along lately so we're
going to those are all three things that
we should well do that will make make us
do that and if we don't it up then make
you get along with the consequence maybe
we can do it time Alex but it's the
mother's choice we cover three things
that maybe the timeout will be or the
thing like the timeout this was all her
idea I swear I had nothing to do with it
I love it or like 20 minutes of septic a
minute I'm busy gotta guys three ideas
that we can do another consequence will
be that hospital yep sounds great okay
say V guard what are you doing oh my
goodness that's right I don't want to do
okay so I misunderstood a little bit the
kids are actually picking their own
consequences if they don't get along
they have to pick three consequences and
I will get to pick from those
consequences oh my finger was your act
the key fingers from oh wait no that's
not what's a lot sorry
oh no it's the cat oh okay why are you
guys laughing oh the baby was even
urging it and he started laughing
because he been pee while I was filming
it I really like Oh Edwards don't do it
again he's kind of it again he's trying
to look but he doesn't like he tries to
turn and look at you but he doesn't want
to let goes to hell like bite and then
turn like I wanna take this with me it
doesn't work that way
okay alright that's the end of family
home evening okay we picked two choices
that you do if you don't we did we
picked a list of two consequences and
then at the end we picked the money one
show Lisa right nice note or right
sorry fifty times right and I'm at the
very end I put um Oh mom or dad choice
right so we can decide when
you guys get in trouble when you're mean
to each other then you baby sitter can't
choose I think the babies are cute cuz
my babysitter acts as mom and dad when
one here will work on it okay so far you
haven't been mean to anybody okay so the
plan is if anybody is mean to anybody
else
then they have their right sorry fifty
times or they have to write that person
a nice note so that is the consequence
of being me okay hi guys everybody
agrees it's awesome awesome all right
now we're getting ready for bed I am
going to attack this mountain of laundry
it just keeps getting bigger and no
matter how much I fold it just continues
to grow you know mom's right or dad's
any of you that fold laundry families
whoo laundry is awesome is not it's not
awesome you're right now my kind of good
friend we are a big brother thanks for
helping turn yourself let's read the
instructions and we'll find out all
right
we miss you dad we missed you rock hard
so so so much it does not feel complete
without you guys but we are trying our
best to hold down before Ezekiel misses
daddy too huh
you do miss your daddy all right
Shaytards over and out see you later see
you later
handshake come on come on get it man you
keep missing okay sit
there you go now shake good boy good boy
boy boy a nice Andy
I always
show me
Oh
me
