hi I'm logging here oh my goodness is it
a beautiful day in sunny Southern now oh
I can't walk here take that
no I made a right
well don't worry because I've already
got a ticket in California for being on
my phone while driving the officer like
waved at me and I thought he liked new
US or new me I assume really wrongly but
he was pointing it over and as I like
wave to him back no he's pulling me like
on a difficut lawn moment Oh Connie I
need get off my cellphone he must know
me oh oh I did not like really like that
but I think he did it oh yeah you doing
famous I'm so big as Rob Rogers meow
meow my phony bride wants my autograph
lie up there hold on I wanna yeah
Julie's already asked me to sign that
thing guys like Oh what you mean is you
really want my autograph right you shut
it but it was really embarrassing when
he really did pull me over
yeah would you get a ticket yeah 160
dollars
hi that's gonna be really hard for me
not to vlog and drive I got to keep all
hands on the wheels to people you're
just yelling at no I just made a
decision not to I saw this video on
Facebook where this mom was like filming
her kid in the back oh like singing this
song and the kids being so cute I should
find out where it is in all son lamb and
the car rolls and the mom goes oh and
she swears and then you hear the kid in
the background go oh I think it's
the mom and then the moms like oh hey
keep reading aramony and the little girl
the backseat goes what happened mommy
that's like
and everybody was okay everything yeah
everybody was fine but I'm just like
especially in Los Angeles two hands on
the well maybe a little a squeeky over
there you gotta wake it with her
vlogging hair breaks anyways guys were
headed to Sun tardes water polo match
and I hope he scores full we're leaving
this morning I said dude you gotta score
another goal goes I'm gonna score at
least four all right yeah girl
see walking in the swim C well I'm not
sure all right here we are at the Los
Angeles swim stadium there's some
gangstas all right this is the swim
facility where Sun tar will be a
champion in water polo for the start
wasn't here two weeks ago huh I got a
buddy I got it I got your paper look I'm
holding it I got it okay so Collette and
centaur got here first and we had to go
get snacks now we're headed in right now
I hope he scores another goal one I'm
not gonna lose the footage this time all
right son TARDIS number 10 he's in the
side his job right now is to pee in the
pool to distract the other team so he's
urinating on the sidelines while the
other teams out their plan and he's
warming up his legs
Ari's gonna go in and start scoring some
goals any moment now wave at us there's
the wave from good old number 10 here's
to losing today are you what's up
no I'm not was vlogging you know this is
called the poor shot we're going to see
what's that smirk you got on your face
Carly what are you textin suck you guys
what are you texting are you listening
to us flirt this is kind of a cool angle
who was what oh you did now then you
guys are pretty even this close you guys
are pretty pretty ugly okay all vlog you
doing toe touches okay alright if he
makes a go I'll go do a toe touch
alright alright here we go
Sun tarde number 10 swim into the ball
let's get a goal boys you got to spread
it out drive down there Sun tarde get
the ball get the ball pass to the middle
pass it to the middle
oh they're wrestling get it son target
it get it go go go oh this is where the
swimming technique comes in cut them off
dude you got to catch him go to go nice
nice get that ball get it get it out of
kid out of kid
nice hustle nice hustle
I like that aggressiveness very proud of
you boy love you good job we're gonna
score where's that ball come on white
team let's do this get it dude get it
get that ball and a kid no but Dan your
demand number 10
yeah he's scored hey Carly go to your
toe touches I got a bra get all right
okay I'm coming I'll do it but you have
to vlog like what is he doing to that
girl all right
we're driving down again made another
score we'll pass it off shoot it oh it's
right there
Oh nice shot nice shot
do is so proud of centaur he's really
hustling out there playing great defense
he's already scored a goal what do you
think are you proud of him he's really
good at this it's tough man they're
treading water and swimming the entire
time he is killing it out there we have
a whistle whistle I missed it I think
they're blue whistle he's saying no good
well thinking I missed it centaur just
scored but they blew a whistle before
God dude nice hustle anyways staying
it's a centaur just scored but the game
was over like the clock had run out so
the ref was blowing the whistle it's a
call the game and he was like three
seconds too late but he did score but it
didn't count but we won seven to six so
we got our first W under the belt that's
just so hard I love you good game good
game good game good game good game
there's what are you
we're selfies okay yeah just apartment I
like Lord I think she's good that's good
I like it I like the music I like when
it goes in my ears and it communicates
with my brain it's very entertaining and
stuff anyways I parked my drivin I'm not
driving I'm in the parking lot uh we are
going to Sun tardes blue and little
penguin he's gonna get his bear wolf we
blow he's getting an award I should know
that take it to just finish the water
polo match I went home edited uploaded
the vlog meanwhile mami tarde made about
300 brownies and then brought all six
kids yes that's right our five plus
Carly's Cooper is in tow right here at
the church son dart has the Scout it's
an event called the blue and gold
banquet they give away all these awards
and this is his big moment so mami tarde
came to the church to set up because
she's the Scout leader the den leader
whatever you call it and bless mommy
turns her seriously just bless it just
squeeze it and kiss it she's such a good
woman
she has six kids with her you know she
goes to set up the blue glow blink Bank
blanket blanket blanket and she had to
make seriously probably five like trays
of brownies for this thing so I love my
wife she is a supermom you guys I know
she's seen like she's a superwoman
that's cuz she is and it's hard to
compete with her because she's amazing
that's why I married her da let's go
make out with her right now
excuse me ma'am hi how are you doing
you're awesome
are you performing stand-up is this your
routine or doing are you singing or
performing step there's my coming and
he's crazy boy what do you ladies doing
did you just paint it who wrote did you
guys write that or did somebody else
teachers and then you guys are just
drying it you guys are doing a great job
blue and gold a hundred years oh it's
like a Lego and you can put your face in
there I get it
okay yes help your mom yeah good don't
step on there that's so brutal so
apparently it's a Lego themed party
check out this idea this is smart look
don't these look like Legos right but
they're just plates or like paper plates
a circle plate inside of a big plate and
they look like giant Legos it's not a
great idea for a lego themed party I'm
impressed all right let's see
dude you lovin this is this awesome
everything is cool when you're part of a
team everything is awesome you're loving
this are anybody all right you guys look
at this cheese and cracker Legos look
that's like a Lego a cheese and cracker
Lego baby try let me see your peanut
butter and jelly sandwich bring it over
here let's see that peanut butter and
jelly sandwich Lego isn't that creative
I love it
PB&J Lego you need one poop eat your PB
and J Lego like a good boy
I am seriously impressed this is a great
banquet
alright centaurs in a skit now three two
one
yes you're doing
that's all yeah I just came in to the we
will crew and there are quite new words
that he got when you was affair so we
wanted a knowledge tonight the list of
awards were here fair and belt the
nigger last of all this game hoarding
swimming and some pen turn flat football
swimming skateboarding gold arrow point
silver arrow point and last but not
least even and we love he got his
citizenship badge yeah many things ahead
to you in order to earn that bad so
gravely
yes nice job buddy dude that's so crazy
I remember when I got my bear badge it's
cool you got where's that go right here
he's in a hole dong woo I mean asshole
gone it's funny how the broken thumb and
I'm the only sane now in the show I feel
about it something in the way you can
with the thousand it takes me all the
way
Oh
yeah
oh yeah it's funny
oh yeah I like that so I'm on okay we
are signing the very last of the
calendars what I mean they need to see
yeah they get it oh you're bought you're
falling behind lupiba hoofy all right
you guys these are the very last 2014
calendars let the whole family is
signing let me see a finished product
you guys want a calendar links below you
can get a calendar a bolshie card sign
except for two of them wrote art and
rock card don't sign the counters
because that would take us forever plus
wrote art is trapped on the little pond
in the front room Oh get off this sing
the song they don't know beam up and if
you hurry up dude Suntory punch your
sister in the Achilles tendon
busted Vietnamese on stickies on your
hands perfect
I'm trying to do people all over the
calendar because one kilometer coders I
know how you do okay
we simple
hello
she color mustache on herself
a science of food well I'm gonna show
rock guard siding with his finger which
I've you guys passed the calendar loofah
over here and the calendars you're out
of the family
this would be like I'm not kidding
now the worst measures I've ever seen
chanted to meet you
I hope you guys appreciate the calendars
be inside cuz his Helghan looks like
rock card is actually graduating to a
real marker sir there will be a few of
you who get a rock card and he's excited
about it to help him out son tarde
that's really small it just doesn't X x
marks the spot
hey that's annoying just seemed pretty
okay
Oh
all right rock arts new method is
circling mommy tarts name I think that
might be a heart set a heart around
mommy tarts name hey now she loves his
mommy
job
I don't know you
and all you're ever gonna be me
oh you're ever gonna be
are you gonna be so mean
alright now Rock card is actually doing
something that kind of like a signature
alright perfect
nailed it bro good job dude sign it like
mommy did you write about inside nice
and now this blog is gone nine nine nine
nine and nothing a mom no no no no it
okay do the insulate what I usually do
do you know that's when we were just
trying to sing right now yeah we they
ask all the men to get up and sing in
church and Karl didn't know it and turn
his load something goes what are we
seeing and I'm like well how come I
supposed to know great story mom at the
church I don't work at the church tell
him to click on some videos he seriously
looked at me goes yes are we singing
like I would know Maude quick tell other
stories from church now tell him to
click on a video click on all of the
videos 1 2 3 & 4
I know click on the video of your
favorite child
then we can go into the analytics and
we'll find out that's actually a good
way to find out because people don't
want to leave it in the comments because
I'll feel guilty just click on the video
of your favorite child
I'll check the analytics and I'll know
who you love more I'm going to check on
all 4 of them though people will leave
comments saying but bro tard isn't in
there he doesn't have a 5 year coming up
guys we're like two weeks away from 5
years get a calendar links below love
you guys see you tomorrow I'm in Idaho
Carl
next time know the song would you buy
