hey guys so my dad said I could do some
Eureka never hear me talk ya know what
did you say to the killer looked hurt
said oh my dad think I could do well
take some and then Princess started what
did you say I don't know what I said
should you be crazy and funny when you
film and I get that's not true we don't
have to be crazy we can just talk
normally yeah just talk normally
stop moving Daniel yeah
be nice all right what are we doing
right now so one baby and a just family
come over and have fun why do we want
our house to be clean when they come
over so they won't think we're staz's
scumbags let's come back to the bathroom
so we're cleaning up the house getting
ready to have some people over for
Sunday dinner and it's one take Sunday
time what yes what do a mess you see in
the pathway what's the password
Rumplestiltskin I don't know yes do you
know what the password is Butthead
he's been watching a hook too much
alliteration and alliterations easy
thinking of alliterations what yeah okay
you look clean up alliteration can you
do a clean up alliteration Glen
California cleanliness can connect
California cleanliness Club I like that
one
stop it
California cleanliness Club 10 complete
well you said cleanliness already Oh our
favorite person just got here my
battery's about to die pause on the one
take Sunday after we'll get another
battery oh the baby's home we missed you
baby it just stinks
does he really they double dog dare you
to go change his diaper
i double-dog dude you can't pass up a
double dog dared there's an alliteration
dude I double dog dare you tight diaper
double dog dare that's a diaper double
dog dare dude that's a great
alliteration huh dirty diaper double dog
dare dude haha that's daunting the
dangerous dirty diaper double dog dare
dude disgusting oh it's a disgusting
dangerous dirty diaper double dog dare
dude you're diabolical I love you Ben so
uh babe had to take Harley to the
airport yeah her new name is sad babe
did she cry she basically drove around
the entire heart cuz I couldn't find my
way there really I took there I took the
wrong it I missed the exit I normally
take anyways it was found it was she is
young it she was good I think she's fine
now yeah I do she's just sad to be
flying and Idaho where's panicle I know
dad just texted me and said it's so cold
there well I'm actually flying to Idaho
tomorrow why cuz I'm not gonna tell you
um so a lot of you probably know already
of course you do because you've been
tweeting me non-stop Logan my brother
came home from his mission and a lot of
you been asking me why and asking me to
explain it well that's not my place to
say you know that's Logan's place to say
I'm not like the authority on my
brother's life so if you have a question
about his life you can ask him and he
actually just uploaded a video so if you
have questions about why he's home go
and check out that video on his channel
and I'm actually it's it's
I've been hard on my mom and it's it's
kind of been a little tough for our
family because I don't know how much
will tall talk about it but I'm gonna go
home me and me and rock hard are gonna
take a flight tomorrow back to Idaho to
go just be with my family anyways I
wanted to talk about alliterations well
he's about to tell you we are huh me and
you buddy are you excited to go on a
trip with Daddy
yeah yeah he's on his airplane good job
so because the other kids have school
and then mommy tardy she takes wrote our
Devery we're with her me and rock card
are gonna go on a little daddy son trip
I'm really excited about anyways today
in church cuz you guys know we go to
church you just shoot flying around
literation z-- today we had a talk about
something the talk was titled
metaphysical mountain nourishment it's
really hard for me to vlog bro touch me
are you on a balloon come on go inside
no leave him my hair
Ziqi oh you're gonna Oh jeepers just not
camera out of my hand you crazy mutt
we're play I'll play with you I'll play
with you well I'm gonna do one take
Sunday bro but a fish won't take Sunday
can we finish it
alright you guys tell me if you
understand this I was in church during
this talk and this just kind of came to
me and I thought it was really no no we
saw the front door he was making a run
for it okay tell me if you guys can
interpret what this means metaphysical
malnourished manifests man's miserable
misfortunes I wish I'd have put
misfortunes who can interpret what that
means anybody oh my redness did Jesus
just looking rough left us with a
thousand loaves in it Bible jokes Bible
jokes anyways alright so in the talk the
man that was giving the talk he talked
about Mother Teresa and how
she worked a majority of her life to end
physical hunger you know there's a very
big problem in the world with you know
malnutrition people who don't have
enough food to sustain their bodies
mother Teresa was quoted as saying more
than the you know world malnutrition
problem or lack of food in the world
through in other countries she was more
concerned about lack of spiritual food
or as the talk was titled
metaphysical malnourishment or feeding
our souls feeding our spirits having
those moments where instead of always
you know feeding our bodies physically
do we ever take time to feed ourselves
spiritually whether it's through prayer
or meditation or through scripture study
regardless of what religion or creed you
belong to but do we ever take time to
think about you know those metaphysical
or spiritual things and it was a very
interesting talk anyways then I tweeted
that and I thought it was really good
but then I got a lot of like what are
you talking about Shea even some girl
tweeted did you get hacked which I don't
know what that means like does it mean
like it I don't know
well how would you interpret that that
somebody tweeted asked if I got hacked
because I usually don't tweet things
like that intent you change that that
dastardly dirty diaper dog I adore you
what do you think it means when she said
she is such a sweetheart Oh fritz turd
she just like I got home she takes the
baby
I told her to I did it it's me give me
I'm the sweetheart oh sorry what I
asking oh yeah I don't know I can't I
can't keep that I bet you were I know
hey listen you and baby tart are
seriously amazing little moms you guys
helped out so much you guys are such
good little mommies to the little bro
tour and you guys when we first were
pregnant with him we were worried about
having too many kids and too much to do
but you guys and I'm not being sarcastic
you guys pull a lot of the load with the
baby help whether it's changing his
diaper or holding them while mom and dad
have to get things done and I think he
loves you guys for it and I think it'll
make your guys's bond even stronger when
you grow up he'll remember all those
time
he wiped all that crap off of his butt
right bro tard
hello ban for man anyways would take
Sunday try to back pedal I was listening
just kidding me Olivia you're beautiful
what we haven't for dinner having chili
good initially Kaylee's recipe amiksak
speaking a malnourished man I'm gonna
dive into those beans and cheese and
vegan ships and sour cream just wait
yeah no I'm excited all right love you
guys will take Sunday I'm actually
excited for tomorrow's vlog we got Sun
card water polo footage cards of beasts
in the swimming pool you guys this guy
is a goalscoring fanatic get'em pooping
it up hey do you like water polo yeah
dude I think we got to keep doing I
think that's your sport man he scored
two goals but the second one didn't
count because the time ran out by like 3
seconds I was sad about that okay oh you
guys want to see one my favorite things
to do with bowls do you let me just show
you well my favorite things to do it all
ready this'll really I know your parents
so just try it you see an empty salad
bowl on the counter do this how come
we've been for big money my head 11
never seen you do that before a lot of
someone are scaring the baby ready have
a later actually the first time dry
again
you worried about the welfare of his
father's head but that's true yes I care
how to over yourself you're my father
all right go back see I'm sure that
person all right from the loud obnoxious
family in sunny Southern California
tomorrow feed your souls feed your
spirits think about that
