dad everyone hi hold the camera look at
these beautiful kids it's just like a
bundle of perv it is snowing well what
do you do look at that hairdo that's not
I am so hot all right it's school time
guys over school huh I want to sweet is
it play play yeah it's cold out there
today huh I see some snowing guys it's
gonna snow very very soon Gavin has a
big project today he was working on this
project while we were at the cabin so
he's got his big project hey girls have
a good day at school
ah hey guys what's up so we're in the
school for the light that's okay I have
a book report due today it is it's a
little candy shop I don't know if it
really looks like it but I think I look
like a candy yeah we've got candy in it
and I'm doing it on a book called the
candy shop war and was on the same and I
have some props and I have a timeline
and all that I have a fedora chocolate
sauce to do with the book you like huh
yeah the book oh man Leawood fell down
yeah the book was really good I liked it
so you know that's our line is what what
do you want the star football season's
over
because monster game Saturday so
playoffs playoffs but I'm kind of happy
that
we don't have football anymore because
then they'll have to practice and stuff
so then I can hang out with these guys
and you spend a lot of time yeah I just
felt like seriously good season but I'm
kind of happy it's still true all right
oh is that dachshund but we me and you
bungee face that's not you ask for
something yeah say will you please
unbuckle me because it buckled me out
you please buckle me out DOX yes we're
still doing without gone out hasn't gone
away yet we're working on it
all right now we have been as we have
months back she was but I can't tight
cuz it adds to well shoelaces tear and
oh I can't find that out did you tell
them you learned how to tie your shoes I
died today she said do dope not now he's
very proud except for these trees are
you wearing your sister socks
yeah it's beautiful that's the softer
lemon we have in our house we have so so
many socks but none of them have matches
that's what happens when you buy too
many like fun socks like we like fun
socks
we don't ever buy just like plain white
socks so don't they look like again no
you sure you know what they look like
yeah guys no one doesn't you and us
we're gonna go in and get some food for
the house and get some cat food because
we have a lot of cats and they've eaten
a lot so they need some food all right
let's go but boy boy boy why I think I
should have Cleese time what can we buy
another cat cuz I can't I know you can
pick any of the other 700 cats and you
can name it you can have it be yours
give a lot of cats there's no other nice
black blob to show you all the cats and
their names they're wonderful we love yo
okay I gotta get a lot of stuff done
today me and Danny have a new tool
coming that we're gonna go get but first
sometimes you gotta get a few rocket
League matches
out of the way you know how it is you
got a bunch of tours you got to play
some video games please the end you got
two blond dogs on your sixes dan Dan's
busy wait a minute
Zeke you look you mungus these are
beautiful
anyways we have something cool coming
with tricks and we have a new I want to
tell you guys yeah but there is a new
device coming that we are going to use
to help make tricks and clothing
experience really cool but I don't want
to give anything away but we have about
a week and a half to get ready because
something is being built that we're in
anyways you'll see I vlog every day
though oh oh and guess what it's doing
outside right now
yes I'll give you to watch its October
3rd snow is on the ground and all the
road dude Christmastime I can't wait man
we're gonna be skiing a lot this winter
I hope you guys like ski footage as well
that's what my favorite footage is ski
look it's so I can't believe okay we
found our favorite it's the car cart
doing a vlog yeah
ahead everyone hi let's hold the camera
see hold it
sorry papi Thanks hey hold it up so you
can get your bucket read yeah yeah nice
to meet you
oh yeah all right you guys want to get
some fruit what are some healthy things
that we can get to eat stool for days
and berry yeah those are good too
Jackson what do you want to get to eat I
love these things they can go on your
fingers right stop eating them do you
know what they're called no they're
called raspberries I just think it a bad
mom Emily doesn't know what a raspberry
is we're all learning hey you know what
have you guys ever tried these Kiwi
berries do you want to try a Kiwi berry
you want to try a stay on your seatbelt
bro not stepping out the bananas that'd
be a good idea gonna try a Kiwi berry
anymore they just BabyTV they're
adorable look at him okay no no not dude
no no no we're going crazy on the
raspberries but what put a couple back
we can get this one you can get two for
heaven's sakes I don't know it's so much
energy they don't even know what they're
really about just get to so put one back
I think you I think you pulled your
brother or not can you tell him you're
sorry for poking him in the eye
I'm not sorry
punch I'm in the bus and your brother
poked gene and I you got to switch
drivers with you are you driving now you
driving now okay and letting them pick a
yogurt no not that were you - the Oreo
that's more like it
dessert okay you get that one put it in
there
spider-man on us I'm sorry character on
the world right oh you like the popsicle
flavor okay there you go thank you okay
put a few more yogurts in there alright
so far we have stuff for spaghetti it is
favorite we got sushi cause that's yummy
that nope we don't have frozen pizza
maybe we do I just like to have it on
hand just in case guys just in case
we're having to make anything well then
I've been cooking a lot tom honey
you tell him how much I could play it
good one of these days I'll actually
show you guys a recipe that will be
awesome no you can't get a dove on it
okay you're getting one for Brock - that
means he's gonna eat the whole picture
case Oh or you're gonna go okay go for
another one and go for another one
alright I have to put the kibosh on
candied yolk okay we had to kick the
boys out of their spot so he can make
room for some caps and blow are you a
ninja again that's not helpful
I thought Batman and spider-man were
helpful yeah hey Jax there's not helpful
trying to get the cat food and put it in
the cart no no no wrong hey can you put
more on we put one yogurt on and watched
it go all the way down okay put some
more on
he puts one on a new watches it go okay
we need to put a lot of them on we put
all of them on dang I'm mad my whole
window had like an inch of snow on it
and then I did the windshield wipers and
it looked really cool and I should have
logged that you know who's not looking
forward to the winter time hey you
called buddy he's freezing
whoa nice sweater y'all you need a
sweater dude put your seatbelt on okay
boy down right here daddy this is not
like a light snow either it's coming
down you can start to have to break the
coveralls out soon all right we did it
we're gonna try these guys we're gonna
try a Kiwi berry yeah yeah here I want
you to try it
Jackson you wanna try Kiwi berry will
you will you try it just to see if you
like it just like Kiwis does it taste
good yeah you like it
nice that's right yeah they're just like
you waste a little bit tart and sweet
and little I love it how fun we just
tried something new what not exciting we
should try to make it a goal to try
something new every time we come to the
grocery store like a new vegetable or a
new fruit should we do that until we've
tried everything
watch in the produce section or new ham
and cheese sandwiches - Jackson you sure
you don't want to try one oh good it's
good we'll get him to try one by the end
by the time this whole package is gone
so good yeah it is good okay we were
just driving and dachshund said he does
want to try one so you do want to try
one now
no you just changed your mind again
stinker are you sure
okay bye do you wanna try one no good oh
just like Kiwi try it it's really good
what do you think is it good
maybe a little sour at first yeah you
like it
what do you think Brock huh oh I'm so
glad you were brave to try it Daxton I'm
glad you tried it you liked it yeah
really
do you want more yeah okay at least you
tried it that's what I'm proud of you
know I tell my kids you don't have to
eat it all but at least just try it and
if you don't like it you don't have to
eat it but just try it that's how you
discover what you do like because
sometimes there's foods out there you
don't even know that you like because
you're too afraid to try them do want
another one Brooke first snowball in the
winter I'll give you three seconds go
got him it is snowing well what do you
do I'm he's not sticking a ton just a
little bit but it's snow I feel like
it's nude earlier this month though like
in September I don't know but fish don't
eat it oh okay snow is not always the
best thing clean thing to eat
oh it's dirty in here guys this is why
we don't vlog everything yes it's a mess
deal with it okay okay whatever hold on
let's Mon let's go bring the groceries
in the house yeah I think I say deal
with it mostly to myself because I get
embarrassed I get embarrassed I cannot
keep up with all the cleaning in this
place and you know the kids do help but
they're busy too and Shay helps but he's
busy too so it's like we just it's busy
it's it's a busy life and our house is a
little chaotic sometimes and that is
just the way it is and I'm going to have
to release myself of that for the next
five months and to show you guys this is
like this is also part of my life look
at these beautiful kids okay do you guys
wanna know their names
this one who's just leisurely lounging
so happily about that's Batman the black
one is Batman this Batman hi Batman this
one is Aphrodite nope this one's
Aphrodite one with the orange above her
left eyebrow
this is Aphrodite and this one's
Cleopatra hi Cleo do you hear them
purring beautiful this is like a bundle
of pur right now this one's unique
how unique this one is Isabel look
unique and Isabel both have an orange
slash on their head it's not funny
it's like these kaisers twins these two
are twins then Batman and then Elsa and
Laurel or somewhere around her this is
Elsa she's like a fluffy white one
that's Jacob Rose you guys know her you
guys know how we call her Jacob Rose the
car Jacob rose because we named her
Jacob and then when we figured out she
was a girl we named her Rose but we
didn't want to take away her first name
so her name is Jacob Rose I like it new
that's cool huh
that's cold C cleanser runaround he's
gonna go wipe his self off on the carpet
time he gets wet he knows that the
downstairs is a giant blanket guys don't
judge us it's insane how fast this
happens there's seven people imagine
seven people that want to get a snack
seven people you know and it's usually
like one of them that's trying to do it
all herself
bless her heart it's hard to do all of
this it's hard to do all the stuff that
you have to do man it sucks sometimes
doesn't it like it's just hard like
people expect too much out of us you too
how do you feel when it's like you got
to get your homework done you got to
clean your room or you got to pay the
bills and go to work and it's not easy
it's this is life man that's one of the
best things you can say is like it's
hard it's supposed to be hard and you
might say like man it looks like those
other people are living it they're
having such a great life it's hard for
everybody we struggle we get frustrated
we fight but there's the secret it's the
not giving up of it that's because it
may appear like everybody's doing way
better than you but that is not the
truth we all have our internal struggles
our devils our demons our battles we
have giant messy kitchens and homework
projects and daily vlogs to do it's it's
not easy and I think it was meant to be
exactly like that we are growing here
aren't we
whatever you believe as far as where we
came from before we were here you know
or even if you thought that we just did
come from the sludge that was probably
hard you know we're like evolved being
from monkeys like it's not been an easy
process to get what we're at now so
don't expect it to be easy it was hard
to get where we are and it's going to be
hard to get where we're going
and we just have to accept that and then
decide like okay now that I know it's
gonna be hard I'm just be like I'll just
be happy anyways cuz it's gonna be hard
regardless anyway its preaching to you
you asked you wanted me to daily vlog
I'm gonna be preaching I got to get
footage okay
