I think we're gonna do the video diary
are you ready cuz this might get boring
I'm really cool
you
there's a lot of like preaching about
self-love these days which is true you
have to love yourself for who you are
but I feel like the ultimate form of
happiness exists only in the experience
of loving something more than yourself
it's a pure state of unselfishness and
just that feeling that you would do
anything you know whether it's sacrifice
your own life or whatever for that
little child what you get dude oh cool
we are having another baby
get used to a little bro tard you're in
the Shaytards now good morning happy
Friday everyone listen to my baby voice
story hi happy Friday to you
oh oh I love you - I love you too
I love you too this is the best part
about having baby boys when they start
to get a little bit bigger they start
smiling and talking and you can't
understand them but it's so cute it's
the best jibber-jabber in the world
Halla was our mom look at these those
little chubby hands boy I'm so much
tired of you well bye honey we'll miss
you make good day oh hey no I'm going to
make her studios to make a video kiss
goodbye
oh wow you're crazy you catch me good
job okay yeah yeah thanks for catching
me
oh thank you good luck at your kisses
mmm okay it's time for baby playtime
yay this is a spritz here with cry
really got a little bit hard and he's
like hey man so do you want to do some
like baby bird so maybe I spit up a few
times what do you want to do maybe we'll
like hit up our moms for some milk real
quick or something secure oh look at it
Wiggins with like a good cry yeah he
loves he likes to chef bull fist in his
mouth
whoa and then there's rock art he's got
sticks that's always safe I'm the best
mom ever
thank you focal right long as you don't
you know poke yourself in the eye or
somebody else right chubby boob what are
you doing miss dancing camp
throwing your stuff kids are strange
all right school's out and we're getting
ready to meet Sun tarde back from his
outdoor education trip for school what
dance is that you can make a dance DVD
get ready for it guys baby toys dance
DVD weirdos and how was your trip to go
fine yeah okay yes hot and sweaty in the
box is flat it was very smelly I can
only imagine my just dinky
fourth-graders no air pollution
you don't did you take the windows down
yes I was thank you sister cancel next
car so helpful alright let's go so dude
you know who missed you the most hill
cat little rock hard why he was going to
bed last night and he goes through
Skupin like he could not was so sad cuz
you weren't there and dad goes he's
still on his field trip buddy goes oh
okay
but he really missed you so we're
excited to have you back thanks alright
let's go home and Sam alright we just
shot a video for Carly Stiles channel
with our doggies Bronx you have fun go
bumpy go puppy hey dude look who's home
I gotta go we go okay up wait oh ho did
you miss it yeah and give him a hug
Oh brothers brothers together forever
huh oh it's fudge brownies for the Scout
thing tomorrow
gotta make brownies shadow by a strip
club together again my boy is home
without you did you miss us
yes huh you did where you homesick
serious could you cry no you didn't cry
then you don't really love us
people who love other people when they
leave on trips cry you didn't cry
that's it I don't Domingo your face time
for some basement a little fashion face
mapelen
my face bagel did a long time where you
been boy it's time to do sighs so how's
Rena good I love you hello tell me about
I don't hear about it all right it's Sun
tarde bring home some presents from
Space Camp what a good guy what's that
what do you say give your brother a hug
oh my gosh did you jump on his junk we
have some jump Junkins and junk jumping
going on laughs what do you say to your
big brother give him a hug where'd you
get these bears dude so did you buy em
or what
and you thought by your siblings little
bears to come home what it did other
kids by their siblings things I doubt it
baby tard let me see that do you like it
is it cute is this to your teddy bear
standards huh - my feet stink but
anyways dude thank you that is so nice
so um what did me a mom get Oh like out
story good tell me that basketball
bro-heem pass
yeah well that is very thoughtful you
guys go give your big brother a hug
let's eat chocolate those are sundered
shoes no sunder has big feet and there's
a big guy what size are those shoes so
tired sevens I didn't wear those till I
was a sophomore in high school I worked
ten and a half snow who wears size 7
mins sundar does okay I have the camera
do that thing you do when I have the
camera
don't want to me all that my own eyes my
head it is attached to my body that
makes me live be gentle
Schaefer gets us sometimes we're humans
and he throws us around like we're not
even real things
nice good walking Oh savvy orange
chickens with you stay away from my
wallet on let's do another one it's too
good we want to open up my fortune
cookie and raise your fire
that's pretty good Bailey look they
could be here pieces look like no I'm
like try with this hope you really go
really yeah really cool babe thank you
so much with your hair better make a
video back ok ok go these girls KC I'm
not hanging out with them we're sipping
Pepsi are you a Pepsi supper dirty Pepsi
supper maybe a some of Papa faces Papa
John's face this guy's big beautiful
what have you done to us
heads up heads up Oh is he out he just
ate you see out from the feeding station
thank well are you showing them how I
can talk oh she says Slee it's a secret
they don't supposed to know
oh my sister Karli she's quite the hooch
she really gets it she really gets I
don't know she's a loser anyways thanks
for watching today's vlog hey the song
in today's intro I have got to give a
shout out you guys know my buddies we
the kings that's their hit single just
keep breathing hey did you guys know
that Travis and daddy are doing daily
vlogs of course you know my bro
my home skillet Charles Trippy of the
CTFxC Nation you guys know he's been
doing daily vlogs for almost five years
but his band mates Travis the lead
singer of that song and the drummer
daddy they are both doing daily vlogs
I'll leave a link below go subscribe to
those guys the We The Kings band are now
daily vloggers I love it check out
yesterday's walk I love Holly going by
ozone one two three four just grew and I
love you have a great weekend I'll see
you tomorrow on what day today okie
dokie no-load
okay bye see you guys oh oh also we just
went to Sun tardes water polo match and
yes he scored another goal and I got it
on camera and I'm not gonna delete the
footage this time so rad okay though for
real see you guys tomorrow bye
