hi I'm logging here hello good morning I
think today I will go play some
basketball around orb placed within a
spherical shot shot I meant OOP OOP with
a net with other men and we will sweat
and dribble let us do this
all right I'm wearing my new basketball
shoes I hope the boys don't make fun of
me because they're too colorful it's
kind of bittersweet being here today
because this is where Ronnie boy broke
his leg Lake it's gonna be the butler
brothers Stan the knife Knoll brother
Stan the adore Ian deck brothers which
brothers will come out victorious we
will of course we have been playing
basketball in the hot Sun Johnson
basically makes 99.3% of his shots it's
very frustrating when you're not on this
team when you're on his team it's very
exciting because you're like ty already
like just thrown out - awesome he'll
make it and then it will win and then
it's funny when you win oh there's a kid
on the court wow I mean the blogs say hi
I'm on the vlog watch my channel I'm
cuter than chase kids normally if I'm
vlogging so bike vlog looking rock dirt
today like dead-on blog and then he was
I was filming him jump off the bike is
Diego's dad do all the camera yeah he's
a camera hog already all right man this
is hot we're burning some calories we
love you Ron we miss you everybody say
hi to Ron love you Grayson loves you I
know I know I shot yeah I still have
flashbacks of it like watching the old
vlog I'm just like I could only watch
that one time I know sorry Ron we love
you I think I've definitely hit that
point of like a social media lifestyle
or like I'm in YouTube too deep you know
in moments where I want to do like
YouTube or social media things in real
life like sometimes you ever want to
just like favorite a text message you
know you had this conversation back and
forth and you've you've said something
funny and then they said something funny
is like oh that's good you've had this
little banter and then it's like you
know some time has passed and then
you've like moved on to that point in
your day where you can sit in tax for
like you're busy and you're
in a meeting or you're doing something
you're at school and it's kind of like
okay this text message session is over
right like I got to do other things what
do you do in those instances do you tell
them hey I gotta go cuz you know like
sometimes there's upcoming words like
who stops texting right like do you just
like stopped texting the person or do
you say to them hey okay that was fun
gotta talk again soon cuz sometimes I
just don't I just want to be done with
the conversation you know but I don't
want them to think that like I didn't
think what they said last was funny or
they didn't agree with it so I want to
favor a text message that will going to
be like this is me signing off of a text
message conversation we've been talking
for a while you said something it was
funny I don't really necessarily want to
talk text not like not ever like I still
want to text you but like I'm just done
texting you for now so if I could just
favorite their text they would see that
I favorited their text and they'd be
like okay cool well I'll talk to you
again soon you know like does that seem
weird because I want that I want to be
able to favorite a text message phone
company's an idea make incorporate into
Twitter Facebook scene I'm too deep too
deep in the social media all right dress
of thought what do you do come on you
guys ever text thumbs up this video if
you've ever sent a text message right
you know everybody doesn't anyways the
musings of a weirdo okay so I just
finished playing basketball Casey rode
his bike to the the hoops we play
basketball
I just dropped Casey off I had a blast
man and these shoes definitely helped I
know you guys were wondering like Anna
wonder if she's knees or he's getting
older he just can't be willy-nilly jump
around the basketball court anymore and
I know you guys were worried they're a
little store I wasn't a hundred percent
today but you know the little PT and
some off time I think I'll be back out
there 100% a Dorian Dex brother elbowed
me I think it's about eight eight in
Alden I just tweeted emptying out
it's embarrassing I should edit this
part out where I forgot the guy's name
that I just played basketball with for
two hours anyways he had you've nailed
me in the head so hard with an elbow and
I have this giant knot on my head
anyways we had a blast so no hard
feelings bro I'm just gonna frickin
punch your neck punch right your neck
big long necky dunked on me like four
times dude his 360 dunk what anyways I'm
headed home right now to edit the vlog
and Tom perch or not just 20 hey Tom
listen Tom let's talk because I'm gonna
ki I'm gonna take him at his word Tom
said that he watched some of our videos
which is cool for me because I mean if
you were to ask me like what's the
longest TV show I've been watching it's
probably America's Funniest Home Videos
whether it was with you know Bob Saget
or Tom Bergeron he's doing I've been
doing it for 14 years plus he's on
Dancing with the Stars
he's the host the most funny guy you Tom
I'm gonna give you a compliment Tom if
you're watching this right now tom is
like he's like a classic I feel like
he's like one of those classic like
Frank Sinatra or like Regis Philbin like
he's just one of those guys that's an
entertainer you know he can handle an
audience yesterday when the cameras were
down or you know they're gonna change
lights or they got to switch up the set
you know he kept the the audience laugh
and he could have just sat there you
know being on his cell phone
you know texting or something but he
like kept telling jokes like he would
talk to us and tell the producer and the
director wait I'm talking you know it's
like it was it was a cool thing that
like he was just that he could you know
and it wasn't like in genuine sorting it
was like he was just having fun you
could tell that he liked people he
genuinely liked to make people laugh so
it was fun it was freezing in there I
know I mention how hard my nipples were
that's weird I'll cut that off and then
they had it's cold which is actually the
way I like it
cuz back when I was a big guy I sweat a
lot and I loved it when I was cool
anyways we had a blast and he just
tweeted me that's just cool plus I think
my mom is really happy too cuz she's
loved that show since 1989 she texted me
she's like what last night when I
tweeted that we were gonna be on the
show she's like we're gonna be on an
episode of that show she put it on
Facebook and she's like Shay never tells
me anything
anyways okay headed home
and I Oh ding it'd been vlogging I gotta
go get Zeke dog food I gotta go to Zeke
dog food first then I'm gonna go home
and out of the video piggyback ride he
was so excited to come here with you
today okay we're here at TM big and
ready for another shoot and I brought
the little ones with me today you like
to come and play but they don't mind it
everybody here just kisses and cuddles
them the whole time it's gonna be a
hunch hoot
hey you guys so we are assigning monks
today up tmb check it out
hey Cooper's on set with us today two or
the fraction was this one yours oh good
do you seriously have move show them
that one but you can see oh my gosh
right yeah that's awesome Cooper Michael
Jackson's really no way to I'm a gonna
do it to either side maybe shy it's just
cool edge yeah not hard I'm just kind of
I'll do it with even I love how shy you
are you want with one hand
uh-huh I'm excited because we haven't
filmed with like us for a long time in a
really long time how are trying to look
back super pumped are you gonna be on
with us Cooper yeah we're gonna get
updates huh an updated update just me
and updates are you gonna do those moves
for us no no okay it's just for you guys
you guys get the moves all right taken
to Z kill to the Petsmart I just had 15
minute conversation with the dude about
Ezekiel and people in California and
their dogs they love them I do too but
like you know I have five kids and I
hate to say it but yeah Ezekiel comes
last when you have five kids we love him
know he gets attention we feed him he
wants to run around so bad right now
anyways so it's like you don't take your
pet as like seriously as like a priority
which maybe is bad maybe we shouldn't
have a dog but I grew up having our dog
my entire life so I want my kids to have
a dog and I think he's a great dog
anyways people in California don't have
kids let alone five kids I mean people
in California kids and that's
it's a generalization but you know they
love their animals and tomorrow Friday
I'm so let's go shoot don't be that pet
owner with my sister you know I'm not
saying this dude that I just met was
really cool but anytime you take a Great
Dane out in public people want to know
all about them doesn't no no I'm so
embarrassed I am so embarrassed right
now I hope you're proud of yourself you
couldn't have waited
you were sitting home all day long
playing basketball you could have done
it wears a we need a towel some bears
I'm one of the pet owners and pet
customer clean up after their dog peed
wears a towel you have little stations
right would you just leave analyze yeah
you just stand there looking all cool
okay everybody loves Ezekiel oh he's
such a big dog how beautiful I'm some
toys Here I am cleaning your piss up out
in public
yeah funniest part is they have these
like little towelettes these little
boxes I'm gonna need like the whole
entire box if we get a pressure washer
and three mops over in Aisle 12 please
there's like they need like a mop like a
Great Dane socially it's yellow see
you're dehydrated need a drink my gosh
I'm an interested Carl I work at pet
pilling how may I help you
what's that a wet dog food aisle three
yeah yeah it's right down there if you
need a training lessons we have
schedules up on the pork board all right
we're clean zq hash on like my grandpa
taught me I don't know there's just
something that's kind of embarrassing
about cleaning up three gallons of dog
urine in public while people are
shopping and their little carts walking
around you know it's just as you ever
had to do that I think I'm genuinely
embarrassed for a little bit I'm like so
gross I'm like all these people are
walking by though like all like you know
they don't make direct eye contact with
the puddle but they're like juice
that's gross all right let's get some
dog food what do you guys get I hate
saying this cuz I'm gonna get a million
articles tweeted to me che bad dog food
kills pigs J Bhabha I don't know I heard
this stuff was good that's what
Malachi's breeder told me to get so
we've been using that most of our Great
Dane lives this is not a brand deal but
I'm just telling you that's what usually
it is it good is there a better option
like I don't care I'll get him whatever
is the best but I just I don't know the
very first Great Dane we had their
breeder recommended this so let's just
kind of use neutral natural I don't know
what do you guys get sea sick
bubby - I'll go puppy okay listen what I
want you to do is point to which dog
food you want
you walk to the dog food that's right
right it's like a real life taste test
don't get the junk food you know the
Pringles will type or bad for you do
this is like the actual true test right
you'd like open a little hole in each
bag and the dogs get to walk by and what
H ever when they stopped eat that's when
you get let them do their own shopping
I'm freakin pickin Thank You Murr come
here you're not pick this up the one
Purina
okay Purina wins not I'll make that
means anything to get in the neutral
come on get over here I know better than
you do oh wait that camera wishes us
food Cooper to me I do lately it's so
much I have to come down to this
once I don't get a lot of this type of
lovable
music and I don't wear heels anymore
because I just think it's not even with
it anymore you pack on you put on the
flip-flops these are the my song I just
don't even think it's worth it for five
minutes I'll go on a date one of these
days in all wear heels what right now I
get you guys I'm nervous to tell you I'm
pregnant you don't do that to me Oh baby
dig see you have an extra height you're
amazing isn't me so sorry hey no
buckling in a freezer she loves coming
here you get so much attention all right
that's a wrap on two episodes of TV
absolutely love your comments today oh
thank you I don't know what I said sex
but I'm glad we're doing everything
these days awesome I laugh all day long
every joy to your life I love it phase
like that means she's funny
Cooper Brooklynite shake cherries tells
me can you be more funny I'm like honey
you're the funny one
I'm the calm collected one right okay
there's Haley she's ready to have her
baby you ready let's just go right now
right I mean I wish Matt like what I
have baby clothes
hi cute yeah so good today give me a
high-five you're being so good thank you
his little friends through sluice just
left he's been playing with super dope
on the scooter already scooters room
maker studios all day Oh awesome to be a
kid right all right I've been rerouted
been rerouted I was headed home to edit
the vlog but then I got a text message
from my boss saying that I have to go
pick up my coworkers named my children
okay so I'm going to pick up the girls
from school hey I want to talk to his
about something I saw the video on
Facebook last night this lady was
filming her cute kids singing this song
that was on the radio and she wrecked
bad and you just hear this oh it's you
know it's coming to its I'm like jinxing
myself anyway she got in a wreck and I
thought man we got to stop vlogging and
driving it's just ridiculous even though
I feel like I'm really good at it I
never even look at the camera
I'm always staring at the road and I
would say I mean come on Shaytards who's
been with me for five years how many how
many hours of footage of good old
classic Shaytards footage are had in our
minivan you know like when rocked hard
said something or we're headed back and
forth from California so much of the
Shaytards life has been lived in the car
commuting the kids somewhere and just
there's been so many good moments but I
want to make a commitment today that
after this vlog clip right now I will
never vlog in the car again without a
tripod I'm willing to go that far I
can't totally not film in the car but
I'm at least willing to take the step
that I will not have the camera in my
hands I will have the both of my hands
on the wheel and then I'm gonna get a
tripod I think Arturo Trejo always did
that which is so smart it's just
inconvenient it's like one of those
things that we all know is better for us
but it's just inconvenient so you don't
do it but then the one day you get in a
wreck it's like gosh da M word I just
got in a wreck because I'm trying to I'm
holding this camera out and everybody
says you know don't be distracted
driving so I'm making the commitment
today after almost five years of daily
vlogging
we'll never hold the camera in my hand
while vlogging ever again and you can
hold me to that I think it's something
that you know will take a little bit
more work on my part but I can make that
commitment for the safety of my children
so yeah this is the last Shaytards clip
ever with me hold it'll be smoother
anyways right you guys yeah right it'll
just be like blah blah that's not funny
okay this is the last one I commit to
you guys promise right now never get
action okay ready
alright act hi kids I love you I love
you too okay girls I wanna talk to you
guys about something what okay he is
ready for this yeah so in your opinion
as two beautiful smart young women do
you guys think it's safe to vlog and
drive hmm like you know and dad's
holding the camera and we're driving I'm
like hey kids I like have Brailey in a
headlock with this arm I'm driving with
my knee and have the camera in this arm
is that safe um sort not really what do
you think leuf know why not cuz then you
will probably not look we're going in
and you'll forget that you're driving
and then you'll just look back and and
tickle the kids back there I'm gonna
look in the anthem I'm gonna crash so I
think what you're trying to say is I
have a bigger problem
not necessarily with filming and driving
but it's with tickling while driving is
that your major complaint
yep okay Wow feel me now oh okay so it's
a double thing so no filming tickling
and driving that's what you're saying
well you can film if somebody else in
the car is filming that's it you're my
tripod
do you own a tripod is um yes I like
seeing the stand that holds the camera
right dear you live in Los Angeles it's
by law you have to know what a tripod is
teacher taught me really I thought I'm
supposed to teach you that that's the
problem I don't have tripods cuz on mr.
vlogger arm
alright so girls I made a commitment to
the audience to the guys people who
watch us that I am never going to vlog
and drive again I made that commitment
what do you guys think about that you
will forget why you don't believe in me
that quick that quick you don't think
I'll do it you're going to dad anytime
baby turd she's not my biggest fan
I'll be honest so how many of you guys
when I said that we're like yeah right
Shay we'll see I'm serious I'm never
that's my commitment I will never have
the camera in my hands while driving
again either the kids will film or I'll
have to go buy a tripod and get it and
put it here in the truck deal what guys
think about that using that's a smart
move what vlog yourself because I can't
vlog you you're the cute ones you got to
keep the camera on you here let me give
you a secret to vlogging just keep it on
you who's cuter are you and baby turd
what's a fight in the comments below
please cast your vote who's cuter
alright the truck is stopped
we are parked and baby tart has made a
magical world of Light dancers your
magical you're a shimmering light
dancing stars on the ceiling that's cool
who farted momen that wasn't me daddy
okay a couple things I'm here talking
about distracted driving and I have
headphones in my ears
I was on a call when I was getting
Zeke's food for him with my mom so I had
the headphones in so I could get Zeke's
food and talked to her and I didn't
realize I had my headphones that's very
hypocritical to talk about not doing
distracted driving with headphones even
headphones you should probably not have
in your ears while you're driving what
go do right now you are the best kid in
the world
yeah you seem genuinely enthused I was
going to say I don't know if we told you
guys but Centauri is on a field trip
he's like on a three-day science field
trip now I got to the dishes
and upload a vlog and mommy talks it
gets to go make her internet videos of
maker studios all day okay you're low
guys now we are going to Rubio's and we
are going to eat and we are going to
either finally be like never go to eat
there hey there all the time
no like me at the place we usually you
have let's not say where we're going to
eat anymore because I feel like we're
giving this place a lot of promotion and
they're not that is that bad not to
really see at home and not there
you don't want okay so we're going to
Jimmy Fallon on the side of the bus
hey Jimmy Fallon yes he's doing the
Tonight Show cool that's good okay so we
are going to sorry add to be okay where
we going so we are going to Ruby yes so
today we're going to a delicious taco
establishment we're going to a delicious
taco de sab Caen where we what it where
we're going I do a delicious choco dis
lab with shop we're going to a delicious
taco with a shame
dude I don't know if I want to eat tacos
from a black circle where we going hey
delicious and I can't even set up a
delicious tacos establishment it's
down in a delicious talk on this mat
your sister oh it's so hard for me not
to grab the camera yeah so hard for me
not to grab the cam I know you just ran
done like no T I did I put my hand to
grab because I wanted you to frame your
sister into the
baby tart say we are going to a fine
taco establishment we are going to a
find taco no I got it we are going to a
fine a taco establishment no yes we are
going to find very gross we are going to
a fine chocolate a fine your call
establishment we are going to find taco
we are going to a fine taco we are going
to find Tosh - oh yeah yeah
we are going to a fine taco
establishment establish and now we do a
little thing with the lime so you put
the coconut didn't I don't know how that
song goes mom's gonna be here a minute
okay
no specs no spec no smell smells gross
who's here my mommy just pulled up
coming in our beautiful face will be
here just a second Prince will start
went out to help with your boys he's
sleeping
Rock Nana's asleep I didn't know the
prettiest girl in the world was going to
come here noe you what's going on there
all right sleeping baby here you go
dinner all right girls you want to tell
mommy tard the new rule about vlogging
want to tell our commitment you mean log
in the dark better dry one is dad can't
drive in the car how about for that let
me get a tripod just film each other but
no more blogging and driving okay okay
let's make a pact that makes my life
easier let's make a tortilla pact
doesn't you don't soup everywhere
doesn't mean you can't vlog you have to
park or something okay he has like that
idea I know it may be five years late
but I'm gonna make that commitment right
now to never vlog and drive ever again
and I encourage all of you to do the
same make that commitment you never know
whose life you could save it could be
your own and I know I'm the king of
being like oh come on give me a break
it's not that big of a deal but then
that one day will happen that one split
second we're slammed your whole life has
changed and I know I'm positive there's
people who watch our videos who know
people or who have been in wrecks
because they're looking at their cell
phones or they're on a camera or
something like that they are totally
preventable deaths slash car wrecks
slash injuries that we can avoid if we
just pay attention to the road it's so
simple so I make that committed eight I
love you check out yesterday's vlog
doing that big old beautiful family
about you want to get that see with
chain two one two three four years ago
click on those buds and if you want to
see me getting lucky well there's no
videos like that you're perverts click
on the feel lucky button okay alright
let me guess Oh last announcement we do
have a couple of boxes left
so from Rodeo arcade contacted me he
said hey dude we have three boxes left
after these three boxes we're not
ordering anymore 2014 calendars we will
sell those until the end of the month so
if you want to get a calendar you
haven't got a calendar you have seven
days to order one I promise we will sign
it yes the entire family will sign a
calendar if you order it starting from
right now
to the end of the month that they are
out of stock forever okay let me guys
see you tomorrow
