I'm vlogging here
alright man I'm gonna miss you are you
gonna get homesick I'm gonna get child
sick because out of things I don't know
either but I love you we could remember
who you are
okay she's right love your neighbor uh
do jumping jacks I don't know is
anything I love you hi hi um are you
guys in jail yeah you're in school jail
let's go let's go back and flex we don't
have time guess what we're going to
America
- unveil the Sun targets to go on a
field trip but we get to go to America's
Funniest Home Videos oh yeah you do I
don't know so did anything exciting
happen at school today
what is that pirate movie I mean I booty
brother calls it a pirate really what
our I wonder this girl wait what
that's an L give you money yeah cuz she
didn't want it she told me she didn't
want it yeah she didn't want the money
she said she got it out of her backpack
and she said who wants this one dollar
bill are you kidding me I'm knock you
guys never do that
do you guys ever do that do not do that
okay you save your money I get money
let's be wise with our money whenever
you get money yet whatever it's get
money I'm like oh I need to save this
for my car when I grow up
oh gosh I don't know good thinking or
something like gonna have an awesome car
she start saving right now you'll be
able to get a good car I'm sure of it
okay dude we're leaving bye
we're going to a TV show okay so Malley
where are we going to a TV show we're
going to a live taping of America's
Funniest Home Videos
America's favorite show with Bob I'd say
I've probably the longest-running
favorite show of mine America's Funniest
Home Videos right No
okay bye dude I love you you play with
the plate okay doctorate is such a good
little boy I told myself a dude we're
going to a TV show he goes you going to
play a game a TV show so no we're just
going to walk to TV show goes okay dad
you go to a TV show okay you stay here
with Kelly goes okay dad love you bye
such a good boy all right here's the
scenario my fine new words situation and
scenario combined to make a fun news you
are√∂ word so we are headed right now to
Manhattan Beach to shoot a live taping
of America's Funniest Videos I think
that's pretty cool yeah you've been
watching them since the beginning of
time right when Adam and Eve were first
on this Paradise achill earth Adam
slipped on the apple core of Eve's
forbidden fruit she was what a snake was
filming it that was actually the serpent
beguiled not only Eve but he beguiled
Adam when he sent that video into
America's AFV and you know Satan
$100,000 for that anyway from there
this is blasphemous we're headed to a
live taping of the TV show I really have
been watching that TV show forever like
with my parents right like just ages and
I came to think but words hi okay I'm
sure I was a kid my baby Bella our whole
family would go to my grandma's house
every Sunday just to a big family
get-together and we would watch that
it's such a dream and watch American
everybody just sits around and cracks up
about laughs and goes oh all right here
we are at stage 15 in Manhattan Beach
look here's all the audience to go see
the show and this is pretty cool check
it out they had my name
I got a VIP parking spot I feel special
I pulled up and I had my very own cone
hey she Carl I know him he's kind of a
goofy face that silly baby tard you were
looking at quite lovely this afternoon
just don't want your finger nails yeah
let's see your fingernail Sean let's see
your fingernails
let me see we're gonna tell them the
baby tart digs ditches in the backyard
oh those are pretty
just let me see own it okay keep your
hands in your pockets the whole time you
ditch digger
she digs ditches with her fingernails
it's true alright so we just wrapped on
America's Funniest Home Videos it was
cool a lot the stage is a lot bigger
than I thought like from watching it on
TV like it's a giant stage there's a ton
of people there a mile
I guess now mommy turns making us go to
chick-fil-a she has an addiction to
chick-fil-a and before I was pregnant
like Craig did the whole pregnancy if I
would have known there was one those
clothes I probably would have problem
does that mean you're pregnant
mommy guard are you i pregnant
chick-fil-a yeah baby number six is on
the way I would die don't kid me we're
not have any more kids she wants to have
another one you guys she thinks that
there's another girl wait I mean it
would be pretty cool to have three boys
three girls but it's not like you can
just choose the gender of your offspring
uh yeah that'll be it we just want three
girls and three boys that'll be a
perfect Brady Bunch family here's a
story of a honky dude named che and a
really hot chick named collected it
didn't did it did it do you have a cool
uncle your name is Brian Lee did that
Braley Bachchan is a Brady but it's a
way we become the Braley but yeah
what you come I think it's in the small
nose you know I'm sure not your yeah
it's on the mall then go in the mall
let's go in the mall hey I need to get
basketball shoes anyways let's play
basketball tomorrow
Claire say goodbye at basketball shoes
at chicken sandwiches everybody shut
your mouth
well it's girls night out I'm the only
chick with a beard all the other girls
didn't bring their facial hair tonight
so I guess we're going to the mall cuz
that's what you do on girls night out
we're going to the South Bay Galleria
which I guess is in Manhattan I ride my
bike just right down there seven foot
six I can touch it yeah I think I pulled
something what are you gonna get at the
chick-fil-a chicken sandwich and their
sauce and fries that what so i I've even
that should fly one time in my entire
life and I was like ah I don't get it
really yeah I don't really get it that's
what sauce sauce it's like an amazing
sauce I'm a condiment guy I like lots of
sauces I dip my whole head and saw some
I liked it enough I've done it before
bring me amazing South Side's what we do
all right so who likes this TV show I
saw your very first TV show being films
is anything different than you expected
what are the tables were lying
I'd ever seen a time evil her and a
little with scream less and there was
only one to hell baby tard what do you
think about the TV show
ah baby tard had to take a pee in the
middle of it so I had to get the stage
managers attention I was like just so
then they had to move us like switches
so I don't know if you'll see it if you
watch the show April I think America's
Funniest Videos will be on in April the
episode April 13th April 13th will be on
it
if you watch though you might can see
that there people switch that we're
sitting next to Braley and princess Hart
I don't think that's a chick-fil-a babe
alright so we asked Siri and she said
this is where the nearest chick-fil-a is
but that doesn't look fillet ish it
looks now ish all right you guys what is
the best basketball shoe on the market I
need a good shoe I'm really showing
signs of age after we've been doing our
Thursday basketball games my knees kill
for like three days after like I'm like
man my getting old then I also just
realized that I still have makeup on
from the TV show can you tell I like
extra handsome yeah they put makeup on
me because me and Colette got to do a
little bit on the show we ought to tune
in and watch it I just looked in the
mirror I'm like oh I still have makeup
on I always wonder what people think
when they see me and I'm talking to them
and they're like does this dude have
makeup or I'm not weird promise alright
so she's recommending the hyper dunks is
that what these are hi I'm gonna do
great peel support I'm gonna hyper dunk
on their face
wait alright we're doing the trick play
dance
we found the chick-fil-a mommy part is
finally happy you've been wanting this
for a long time actually huh yes I was
before I was pregnant even before I was
pregnant as like Alan chicken is always
trending
all right we're home the three boys are
here Cooper he'd been looking way too
soon
looking buff what's those muscles
Homeslice yeah dog me bounce hell is oh
don't flex too hard you'll want to break
anything okay oh you're gonna pop a babe
hey Rach are you good are you good for
Kaylee yeah good boy
get some chick-fil-a is that yummy I'll
give them a song you what gonna get
McDonald's oh you're not gonna get
chick-fil-a me too are you guys mad that
we don't bring you anything that's your
aunt Colette's fault you guys go punch
her in the thigh Oh Cooper's smart
Cooper knows better how are the children
dwarves totes adorbs I'm feel bad that
we didn't get to pour chick-fil-a well
tell you about the children because they
were so good rock-hard was the best the
baby fell asleep on the couch and I said
we have to be really great needed okay
I'm even playing with the play-doh and I
said will you go hesitate away he clean
it all up and zone all the way we're not
paying you you don't sit here Ellie
uh-huh Lucas are me my children they are
well-behaved species I taught them yeah
rocked our chair with gage can he have
some give him some chicken nuggets you
guys share with ruff turn Walter can
they have some sheriffing Ezekiel wants
chick-fil-a - he wants a chick-fil-a
buddy huh
cold gay come in have some chick-fil-a
good boy no we did not give our dog
chick-fil-a don't be ridiculous does
this seem like a chick-fil-a commercial
it's not just sometimes you have get
pregnant wives that want chicken
sandwiches practiced hard did you like
the chick-fil-a last night did you
why do you like chick-fil-a so much you
know the best part of chick-fil-a their
sauces I was like I'm like I don't know
I don't see it like there's just all
this in you know I'm not promoting
chuckling okay let me assume it right
out yesterday log little bit about
you're just hey come here I ask you a
question come here seriously and answer
me
don't try to be funny or tell a joke
okay do you miss your brother or have
you totally forgot he exists your older
brother I forgot he used you forgot you
was on a field trip we haven't seen a
bird at all I tell us from your heart
tell us from your heart that's how you
explain it oh you forgot because it is
already distinct since we will wake up
in the morning without them sometimes I
say why why isn't sun card here
sometimes like that or what we gotta
wait for Sun pardon me do you still love
him though yes dear are you glad he's
gone though because now you're the
oldest kid haha that's Ruth has been
repealed
alright tell him to click on some videos
click on the 1 year 2 year 3 year and
four year ago and I'm feeling green
lucky oh yeah and blue yesterday's vlog
did you know what's crazy that blot that
out intro that I use today that brought
back a lot of memories in the old vlog
man go click on those old vlogs it's so
cool to like see what we're doing all
those years ago isn't it in fact um
there's something coming up in
tomorrow's vlog that's gonna bring back
a big history or something from
Shaytards history all right click on the
vlog see you guys tomorrow tell youtell
tomorrow
