hi I'm logging here I love it out here
I'm so happy that we have a backyard in
this house sometimes it's so nice to
just come out here cuz I get cooped up
behind my desk I'm like I need to go
outside I really like this backyard even
though we really haven't cleaned it up
we need to clean it up hey have you guys
seen our new video on Shay Carl the one
where I'm surfing the couch down the
stairs go check it out you guys
AT&T is doing something really
incredible to support Team USA basically
they've created a way for you to send a
message of encouragement and support to
the athletes so while you're sitting
around hanging out with your family
watching the 2014 Olympics you can
support the athletes by using hashtag
it's our time on social media Twitter
and Facebook and so forth if you haven't
already go download that it's our time
app and submit your us hm my favorite
part about it is just scrolling through
and seeing the diversity of people my
favorite that I've seen on there so far
as a kid who had this giant red and
white mohawk I think it's hilarious it's
been cool to see some of you on the app
I just been flipping through them like
oh there's a Shaytards viewer oh there's
a Shaytards viewer so if you haven't
downloaded it yet go download the it's
our time app and go do your USA chant
it's really cool I love watching them
the backyard looks pretty good though
don't you guys think it's a lot cleaner
yeah I had Sun tart out here clean it up
yeah I was going to show you guys this
we have solar panels I tell you guys
that it's awesome I see somebody coming
I'm gonna throw this ball at him I'm
talking to you Oh what are you doing I'm
gonna climb the tree you always get to
climb the tree I haven't even had a
chance to climb a tree yet okay go I'm
gonna chase you up there look at you you
can can I sit your hammock thank you
there might be spiders in it what look
at this thing
oh wow I've never seen our neighbor's
backyard
their backyards way nice you know right
look at ours Oh weird you're like what
you're there watching me there in their
living room watch this tree look like
scoot back tell me if this tree looks
like it's gonna fall over
yeah it's like the trees talking use
member Lord of the Rings
hello Lord of the Rings for the tree
talks go down climb is me I can see it
don't break the branches and fall down
I'll be a lawsuit
oh wow look how fast it to start it's
like a monkey you're a regular meringue
atang you can't climb the tree you can't
climb the tree you're too big they're
too big
alright I think princess Cardin wins my
job whoa you jump in the tree you're
creating your good it might be on a
crazy puppy hi
so is this your little like dinner
dinner night out on the town your
flowers you guys are cute what are you
doing now you crazy kid she's a little
crab what is that
idiot don't even you stinker
she's a mustache baby she likes to suck
on retard sub what she would call those
thingies I was sad bikini
binky guys I got my teeth worked on
today I can't smile can you tell it's
going away now but I'm still a little
bit numb right here my ask baby Chara so
can you tell that my lip is numb she was
yeah like you're stupid
your face looks weird but whatever gotta
go to the dentist you just gotta do it
when you don't have good teeth
yeah I gotta make dinner what do you
guys want for dinner just tell me okay
spy on these guys now what are they
doing they can always tell what is the
deal why can't tell anybody
incognito nice weirdo face oh no what
yeah
Oh
kind of fun me anyway nice nice job you
were ruining the performance what are we
talkin about hi pirate boobies -
whatever show me your pirate booby Wow
are you getting pretty cute now you can
Greg's
look at my smile Cleland - Dennis today
I'm already look what you've taught our
son Harris a game of soccer pirate booty
good is that right who's winnin all
right you cheat a shopping mall I was an
easy one
not a bunch of hams on our hand des
though a bunch of hams indeed
I got Disneyland hangover I'm so tired I
want to do anything plus plus the
dentist hangover a lot of editing to do
you guys yesterday's vlog is 30 minutes
that's a lot of work anybody who's
imported that much footage edited it
compressed it and uploaded it takes
hours and hours and hours
I started at 10 a.m. now it's 5:00 took
me seven hours to get yesterday's vlog
up you've got watermelon yeah I don't go
into shadow do you never water on for
ages my agent in like a month
oh yeah I just take this ha ha ha
you got a piece right you have this
piece off this piece mmm that makes me
happy
I feel real happy hey I would be there
folks so we're just out doing some
Chaffin ok cuz uh son heard he has a
field trip coming up before my done my
man I don't know I just like to talk
like this and I really cool and I talk
like this I don't know you guys see this
baby this one right here this one no not
necessarily this one but this one's cute
too but this one he is adorbs and he's
talking he's talking tucky top top hat
who else do up do up do up do up like
that too much baby footed I know you
never can have too much though right
right
I'm right look I can talk now my mouth
isn't numb earlier I really should have
filmed earlier but you know how it's
like yeah I just couldn't I was like no
I'm just not in a state where I'm
willing to do that right now so maybe
next time cuz I'm gonna have to go again
to watching
river bed man my boys growing up it's
got a cart full of good he's just gonna
pay for by himself right wait a second
wait what I thought this was your thing
you're buying all this parents I guess
they have to write the parents I'll tell
you what it's funny cuz it's not a
smiling lock right now um making a baby
laugh may bring more joy per capita than
anything else you can do and don't like
what you're doing right now though can
you stop doing that
you know stop doing that okay so he
liked it like Mikey he likes money
wealth fame food clothing nothing makes
you happy more than having a little baby
smile at you hmm that's what brings real
joy mm-hmm except hot chicks what my
jigsaw bummer
damn I didn't look like a chicken this
outfit kind of thinking good clown baby
playing oh hi I see days are coming I
did
why do we do baby talk oh it's fine
yak to it I think the adults do baby
talk more for themselves what if I was
like I'm going to bite you
I'm going to bite your stomach in hopes
it'll make you giggle ah ah did that
make you giggle
I'm now going to bite you again ah are
you giggling does that stimulate humor I
guess it did maybe we don't need to do
baby talk just talk normal
hey blue eyes how's my blue eyes I've
kind of let a scumbag day-to-day edge
okay thank you seen by my hair my shirt
and my sweat I love it love it
the only accomplishment I got to get
done today we got a vlog up it's 30
minutes long I didn't get the girls in
bed got their teeth brushed and I did
the dishes I did three things I unloaded
and loaded the dishwasher oh now I'm
watching a documentary on Netflix so see
you later okay bye I love you me dr.
Marek's watch it see I had to do is say
dude you do the dishes and that made me
happy yeah doesn't take much love you
there's mr. Mandela mr. Nelson Mandela a
free man taking his first steps into a
new South Africa oh my god
Oh
variable question is what is it that
causes cultures to figure out how to
live in balance and move into life that
is good if you reap your ARBs book
commands rise of civilization he goes
through all these different cultures at
first contact and they very often
figured out in very different ways but
typically the things that we're in
common among them were that the idea of
the accumulation of private property
beyond your needs was considered a
mental illness so I'm watching this
documentary on Netflix called I am and I
like it I really like it if you have a
Netflix account you should watch it if
you don't have a Netflix account I think
somebody tweeted me said that it's on
YouTube you can find it just uh you know
search I am but this documentary is
amazing I talked about how we're all
connected all the little decisions that
we make the attitude that we have the
way that we act with our friends and our
family and at school and at work all
that energy is put off out into all the
world and it affects how other people
feel just you know you've always heard
like if you smile at somebody we'll give
them a smile then they'll smile somebody
that is true like almost scientifically
they've proven that here in this
documentary I think it's great talks
about how we're all one we're all linked
and you know we're we believe that we
are all Heavenly Father's children we
believe in a supreme creator that we are
all children of him no matter race creed
color sexual orientation or any of that
you know it's like we are all one we are
all part of this earth together species
is regardless you know like we're all
links to animals and air and they talked
about how in each breath we take there's
a certain amount of argon molecules and
that this argon floats throughout the
world and that we've breathed the same
air as Einstein and Mohammed and Jesus
and all these same people we've had
those same argon particles that were in
the lungs of Muhammad Ali or Michael
Jordan or whoever our
our lungs and it's like we're all like
this exists unless I'm really hippie-ish
it kind of does I mean if you're just
look at it at you know thin level if you
don't like look into it in a deep level
but I believe this stuff right well I
don't know I just started hearing like
Hicks in the comments or that you moved
to California now you're up believing
all that hippy dippy kind of crash a
galoshes documentary and love and live
and be kind and have empathy and help
each other and believe good things about
other people don't immediately think
about the negative things of other
people be you know forgiving all those
you know christ-like attributes that
this person Jesus Christ tried to teach
love and charity and kindness and
forgiveness and mildness like you know
just loving it's it's okay I love you I
you know all that kind of stuff is so
important because even if you do it and
it feels like it doesn't make a
difference it does you can change the
world they talked about segregation and
how blacks and whites were separated but
by a few people's choices now we have a
black president and that's amazing all
those things are amazing and you can
change the world by being you know more
christ-like I'm a Christian so I I just
call it christ-like whatever religion
you have Buddha teaches these things
Mohammed you know all these anyways so
go watch the documentary it's really
good I'm excited so be nice normally I
am a jerk ready watch documentary it's
good oh also they talked about at the
very beginning of the documentary now it
looks like they're going to touch on it
here towards the end a documentary is
how money does not make you happy
success and wealth does not make you
happy they did a study that you know
basically there is no difference in
happiness from people that make $50,000
a year to people that make fifty million
dollars a year as long as you have
enough money to meet your basic needs
there is no increase in happiness after
that they are saying that once we have
our needs met
we can't be happier with money and
material things and that's what is not
the problem with our society is that
what that's what we're all focused on
we're all focused on going to school
why not to gain knowledge but to get
degrees so that we can get jobs so that
we can get money so we can have nice
cars and big houses and the coolest
clothes then we can buy jewelry and you
know like that is what all of our
society is pushing us towards is you got
to go to school so that you can get a
good job so that you can have money and
buy things and then you'll be happy and
that is not the truth that is so far
from the truth and that's why America is
so lonely everybody in America is so
lonely because they're just focused on
getting more things so that because they
think it's going to make them happier
but it doesn't what makes us happier is
society we make each other happy er
relationships friendships people being
involved in somebody's life and helping
somebody and and seeing somebody feel
happy inside that is what makes us happy
not money and success go watch the
documentary it's exciting alright sleep
makes me asleep that's what sucks
because I was so tired as excited to go
to bed earlier now but now I'm like all
amped up on the truth so what makes you
happy and then you got to be careful too
because there's a difference between
what you think makes you happy and then
what really brings you joy because some
of us do things that bring momentary
happiness they don't interpret to
long-term happiness you do them and they
bring excitement and happiness in that
moment but then it goes away and you
have to do that thing again whether it's
drinking alcohol smoking cigarettes
smoking marijuana doing pills anything
like that things that give you a
stimulation that momentarily think you
have happiness shopping gambling
whatever it is those things that we do
that like this makes me happy
but it's not eternal happiness or it's
not sustainable happiness it doesn't
last you have to do that next hit or
take that next drink for that happiness
to come back so what are some things we
can do that will bring long-term
happiness real sustainable joy that we
feel inside just questions we should ask
her so
these things go check out the
documentary click on yesterday's vlog
click on they're feeling lucky button
you know I'll make you happy watching me
fall down the stairs on our couch that
will definitely make you happy click on
that feeling lucky button I promise
you'll get a smile on your face
and see what the Shaytards are doing 1 2
3 & 4 years ago I will see you guys as
always tomorrow
