all right everybody it is Saturday
afternoon here in sunny southern guy
Morgan shut your mouth hi I'm logging
here
hey everybody welcome to our videos
we're jamming out to some nickel creek
cuz we're cool or from Idaho hey hey
cent Arden will you punch your little
brother for me please just punch him
right in his face and it's loud
obnoxious face thanks bro appreciate it
anyway oh I'm in trouble I'm Rob tardy
was just teasing you just making a joke
he didn't hurt you are you okay I'm
sorry I would just may I wasn't a funny
joke hey give your brother kisses he
didn't mean it was an accent it wasn't
an accident he was just doing what his
dumb daddy told him to do you okay bud I
love you you want your quesadilla give
give give him a kiss can you give your
brother kisses love kiss
that wasn't funny Shay you should add it
all this out because you just gonna hear
about it in the comments this is real
life though that's just what I did so
why not just include it in the video you
hurt your little three-year-olds
feelings I hope you're proud of yourself
you big man thinking trying to be funny
you all right buddy I love you I'm sorry
you okay we're just teasing you can yell
Mike Wazowski if you want no embarrassed
well Lisa got cool glasses on thanks
babe I like my Valentine's Day gift
Jesse I look cool in these glasses yeah
Rock tar.gz I look cool in these glasses
you guys want to talk about it
my godfather sure is he overreacting I
was a jerk both think you're right what
do you think I'm nice yeah
yes just stuff I think you just heard us
feelings more than anything we love you
okay let's go our food we went and got
some tacos I'll bite your leg see this
finger yeah hey I love you give me five
okay you wanna go home and eat all right
let's go here we go oh you're so fast
I'm too slow show me what you're trying
to tell me okay so I never what's on the
side for him or tried to it
I suck at listening right away you're
learning you learn sooner than I did I
didn't learn no cycle I was in high
school I think pathetic I know haha
that's nice nice there shouldn't about
living in California that's just super
amazing it's like a permanent spring all
the time right now just picture this
that picture it but smell it take a deep
breath in and smell like a fresh
barbecue on the grill like it's just
lighting up are getting ready to grill
but they haven't started grilling yet so
it's just like
that fiery smell love it and of course
we've got a hill so funny it's so funny
how much they love it and yet I'm like
oh I'm going to throw up if I even watch
it okay we're ready so cool
love it your little Rollie pollie tardes
okay let's go they really mean is 700
hmm hey girls
this nice so tell me what's your
favorite thing about being a kid
everything everything nothing nothing
you don't like being a kid I think I had
it easy to get to do whatever you want
yeah well hey bills I can you tax it
exactly that just stay up and have to
wake up early for stupid work see she
knows don't ever grow up I want to but I
can't oh my knees I'm not like school oh
darling don't you ever grow you have to
same thing in college you have to go to
stupid I say oh I guess I'm right I who
has no fun hmm I don't know but I say we
just stay lit okay
it's a deal that's not confuse works my
joy my ex-girlfriend are you sleep yeah
are you asleep
today are you asleep Pacific oh darling
don't you ever grow is this a grass
party grass party oh yeah
I heard there's but in your face oh well
you can't jump on your mom's head bro
that doesn't feel good he acts all mad
because he can jump and land on you know
smash the baby thank you glad I'm not
under that dog pile well there's your
offspring tits your offspring also known
as your babies
you made them now you deal with them
little baby I want to write a rock hard
learned it from here slap my foot like
slapping yourself in the face slap it
slap it slap it slap it show that what
is emotion just wet grass does he need
to be extracted from the
I should go with the vlogs upload not
slow put the end slate okay
be nice carry on shake alright the
middle and he does not convert party
team off the okay black blue
rubbing or two point line and that's
nothing
oh I can't a loss because his hospital
this is how you watch a youtube video
this video makes me cringe cuz I this is
when my know Ron brought was a it was
like I keep it's weird but I keep having
like flashbacks of it like the noise it
made and like seeing the the cringing on
his hear it yeah I heard it I thought it
was his body slap in the pavement but it
was his ankle bone breaking oh and then
just like seeing the paint on his face
and just who is me the chills things
really I'm gonna watch it oh that's a
family family that goes to the cinema
together stays together
right that's right good as long as you
give me a large popcorn we're going to
the lego movie
we like Legos everything is cool when
you're part of a team Oh everything's
cool when you're part of a team
everything is psychotic baby is singing
stop I just went out like a movie it was
good I like it's funny really funny yeah
that is the moon there needs to be a big
set of Mickey Mouse ears on top of it
look at that thing
gorgeous tonight giant golden moon
brought our way to Disneyland we're
excited to see Mickey and Minnie and all
of the characters baby tart came up to
me from the way like right before we got
the mansion dad what if the frozen
characters are there said then we'll
sing a song with them
gigantic moon on the way to Anaheim it's
gorgeous
that thing okie-dokie so we're here in
Anaheim man right as we drove into
Anaheim I had this like crazy VidCon
flashback like this like you know for
VidCon is Convention Center in the hotel
you recognize that no there's me 15,000
people at VidCon this year last year
there was only 10,000 the year before
that there was 5,000 if you guys haven't
gotten tickets to VidCon it might be too
late I don't know I'll check it out
here's a smackdown I think you're right
my friend 525 there should be a hundred
and fifty million people at it next year
better get your tickets now anyways
mami tarde mistakenly let baby tard pack
her own stuff she didn't bring underwear
she doing shoes what'd you find you want
to get that Rock charts doing his own
shopping it wiggled you like please
watch him Thanks
so anyways it's like 10 o'clock at night
and we're at Target buying stuff for
babyface cuz she forgot to bring any of
her stuff I have to share my underwear
with her well welcome to sisterhood hey
let me see that didn't we give that give
those to you oh yeah I'm Haley turning
to you really you remembered oh you're
such a good every day are smart mommy
turd I like your hat mm baby aren't you
packing your stuff doofus
your new your nicknames not lupus
anymore it's due to the same yeah it's
doofus doofus head you're a doofus Haley
they're speaking yeah that's yeah we get
her on the rides look let's get they
should make those I was just thinking
there should be there could totally be a
kid's like a thick heeled shoe so that
they can go on rides at amusement parks
and they'll get their heads ripped off
and be sued or something
I don't know just ideas kid let's go
going to the hotel next going to bed
cause we have to get up with a long day
at Disneyland tomorrow
speaking of VidCon look at mr. John
Green's book here in the target and this
is a signed copy not cool he signed all
these look you guys I know this guy this
guy follows me on Twitter and Instagram
so just know if you realize that or not
he's award-winning author New York Times
bestselling author John Green follows me
on Twitter and Instagram so cool yes not
just that but she'll be looking at he's
gonna be huh Ronnie Coleman yeah buddy
yo everybody shaycarl here Shh quiet
1:10 a.m. in the morning and I here's
the scenario we're in our hotel room and
I'm California I'm trying to get this
edited and uploaded on a scheduled
upload so that I can go to Disneyland
all day tomorrow and I don't have to
edit so I'm trying to get this up
tonight but that doesn't matter to you
guys cuz you're just seeing it when it's
up and whatever what check out 1 & 2 & 3
& 4 you can see what stray dogs doing
all those years ago what were they doing
we are close to you guys five years of
daily vlogs you can go back and watch
every single day it's reruns I encourage
you to do that start with those four
right there click on yesterday's buddy
goofy-looking button yeah okay guys I
love you bye see you tomorrow
