everything is awesome everything is cool
when you're part of a team everything is
awesome everything is cool when you're
part of a team zekiel is in trouble he
chewed up my shoes while her church now
he's hiding from me yeah you know what
you did
why'd you chew up Daddy's shoes you're
in trouble
go suck off and act like you're guilty
get him ah it's so interesting we talked
about this before but dogs they have a
conscience or they know when they're in
trouble they know when they've done
something wrong because when I come home
and he's Trude up my shoes he runs off
and acts so scared so funny so I think
to myself does he have a mental process
that he goes through as he just decided
that it's worth the yelling to chew on
my shoes because he enjoys it so much he
kind of goes through like a mini like
should I I don't want daddy yell at me
but man they're so fun to chew on cuz
his feets are so sweaty and stinky it's
just so fun and he just decides to chew
on them anyways just do dogs go through
that process alright so we have a
surprise wait go get your mom oh there
she is come here mom I can't keep track
of only kidding me oh he's probably
naked running around the house I'll bet
you $100 he's naked I probably thank you
really
let's go see ya
hey hen he's doing us oh it's up naked
boy you owe me $100 Colette pay up pay
up woman where's my Benjamin get dressed
oh yes sorry get out okay what do you
have what do you got
what is it let me see a quarter okay get
dressed we're gonna tell you guys a
surprise you're no surprise yeah come
here we'll tell you we're taking a
family now all right oh look hardy here
oh you like sir GPS good taste no
they're mine all right
sit on the couch everybody we have an
announcement on that couch sit up I
wanted to sit like rule these citizens
no it's on the couch next to your
siblings come come sit down I don't have
time for pants clocks a-tickin um so
we're in church today and the lady that
spoke she talked about how her
brother-in-law went to the hospital and
remember what the doctors told him not
you I was like I could be three weeks -
OH - then what happened he died yeah I
was thinking though what would it how
would you take my glasses off how would
you live differently if you knew like
this guy went to the doctor she told the
story that he died he passed away he
went to the doctor and they told him I
said you only have two or three weeks to
live and then all of his family and
friends came to see him and he literally
exactly had three weeks to live how
would you live differently if you knew
for sure that you only had three weeks
to live it's hard to conceptualize that
in our brains because we feel like our
lives are still going to go on for so
much longer yeah there's so much to do
and you feel you know jaded about life
and you feel like schools never going to
end or you're never going to find that
job you love your
you know yeah I'll be happy when I get
married or when I find the love of my
life or when I have kids or when I'm
rich when I'm you know successful then
I'll be happy and it's so far in the
future you know you just worry about all
the little things that you have to deal
with on a day to day basis but what if
you knew for a fact that you only have
three weeks to live how would you live
good like what things I haven't done yet
yeah get over my fears before I die amen
brother
what fears do you have well sometimes I
read ayats yeah yeah would you worry
about silly little things that you get
mad at like your sister wearing a piece
of clothes that's not yours if you knew
that you're gonna die in two weeks
would you care about that probably not
huh you'd probably love a lot more you'd
probably a lot more kind people
yeah there's a song about doctor song
about everything okay so anyways oh no
your spiritual top for today we want to
spend more time with our family that's
what I would do it just been every
moment with my family
uh-huh doing the important thing so
tomorrow is Presidents Day which means
you guys don't have school so me and
your mother thought it might be fun if
we got a pack to the little few bags and
drove to Anaheim tonight and went to
Disneyland
ya can't beat them join them so if you
only had two or three weeks to live
would you go to Disneyland
alright so everybody get your stuff
packed we're gonna go get a hotel room
tonight
and then the goal is you guys we want to
be at the front door as soon as they
open the doors you morning it might be
crowded so if we're there why did they
open the gates you guys you guys know
that Mickey Mouse he opens the gates
he's there every morning he like comes
out to get his newspaper that's his
house he's drinking his cup of coffee
and he comes see his newspaper and he
opens the gates yeah I might not be true
yeah hey hey that's not cool chill out
solemn yeah you guys are wrong you guy
that has destroyed that line yeah close
that you're gonna be pitching and good
shoes I would need good shoes Disney
likes to do lots of walk and my sister
Carly is coming tonight
and Carly and Cooper were coming tonight
so she's gonna watch Ezekiel sorry you
can't come to Disneyland you shoot up my
shoes mom they're shooting a movie
tomorrow yeah no I have to shoot
something yeah don't eat lunch yeah but
it's gonna be fun
who's will be little rod shards first
time it did feel and I think he's gonna
love it
can you remember it oh yeah this will be
this first time huh yeah he's starting
to notice shapes and stuff where you can
see things going to go on Alice in
Wonderland
yeah no you didn't seem like that I want
to Indiana Jones it's a small world uh
yeah it's a small world okay we're not
going unless your rooms are clean and
I'm serious about that so let's get in
your room get your stuff packed get the
floor picked up beds made I want
everything put away all your beds
already made bless your heart yeah some
more but seriously I want everything
cleaned up hey Rock chart listen to
Daddy
you wanna go Disneyland yeah okay we
have to clean up your room before we go
okay we're not putting pirate tents up
right now we're cleaning okay
get everything cleaned up and then we'll
go okay papi Sunday do you guys want to
take Sunday from us at the Shaytards
think about that think about that and I
know you know maybe a lot of you have to
go through that right now maybe some of
you guys are experiencing that with a
family member I remember even when
Malachi died that was like that's that's
really when uh I started asking myself
even like tougher questions like it was
weird because it was just a dog you know
but I was like man where's Malachi we
all die even if you don't believe in God
you gotta believe in death right we're
all gonna die so that's when you ask
yourself those questions like who do I
really want to be what what's the kind
of person I want to live like what kind
of life do I want to live what she was
saying in her talk to is that he was
actually excited yeah he was excited two
to three weeks and he was excited
because he had a firm belief that he
would see his his dad who passed away
and his some other relatives yeah
and passed home he said he was he was
very just this man who was dying he had
a very strong faith that that we do live
on after this life and that he was
excited to see and meet his dad who had
died when he was only 3 years old and he
was excited to see his mom who had
passed you know later in his life but he
was just excited to see there see those
like relationships that you had that's
why I believe that we live one of the
reasons I have many reasons why I
believe that we live on after this life
but I just can't conceive I've worked so
hard and so long to build this
relationship we've spent you know
countless hours together building this
family
together and just strengthening the
bonds that we have and to me at death
for that just to be over it sucks any
and here's where I tell myself I've
asked myself what if God doesn't exist
what if we do not live after this life I
prefer to think that we do because it
makes me happier and if we don't then it
won't matter it won't matter if God
doesn't exist it won't matter if we
don't live on this earth or it won't
matter if we don't live on because I
will have lived feeling happier knowing
that we do it's about how we're living
today and how we're feeling coz if you
break it all down like who cares if God
exists who cares if we live after we
want to be happy right now on this earth
while we're living here we want to
experience joy and happiness and if
believing that we will live on even I
know some people's like well if you want
to live a lie Shay so what if it makes
you happy why not live that lie but what
if God does exist then it'll be so much
greater but if he doesn't gonna be like
well I'm warm food anyways just like
everybody else but I still lived a life
believing that I would be with my family
and friends forever after we after we
pass away Hickory tilma go on Disneyland
with you right alright so excited love
you hey you know you're just in heaven
what was it like you just came down to
this earth you just barely got here on
the earth what's it like before this
nope yeah who speaks baby anybody
alright see you guys tomorrow bye
