I'm excited
hi happy birthday it's the morning of
Valentine's Day look at you bring the
side you look so pretty yeah we finally
let her whereabouts in dress to school
she's wanted to for a while but we don't
want her to get it dirty but she said
I'll be really careful cuz it's
Valentine's Day so she's in art school
oh my goodness not at all we just need
to get a few things for a few people at
school we are ok I need to go do crowd
control over here you're gonna get that
bird girl better be fine out here on
money cuz I'm not buying it for
everything I don't I don't know woody
what do you think I'm getting this for
my teacher you're not for your Tyson was
chocolate
good luck she told me what she likes
suck it she just gets it out at me takes
like just like a little bit and then she
fits away that's smart that's the way to
do it ok dude so we bought the monkey
are you sure you want to give it to her
yeah also good our Island I'm gonna give
it ever ever be too shy there's no way
there's no way
thank you but not in person oh goodness
well we don't need candy right now
alright well you can back out at any
second dude I'll take it I think it's
really cute okay are you nervous kind of
I feel nervous I'm like are you sure you
wanna give that to a girl in fourth
grade and I remember getting little
little things for Valentine's Day when I
was in grade school so I guess it's cool
okay it's Valentine's Day
nice dancing dude okay we're out
shopping I can finally tell you guys
what my plan is because I didn't want
you to see it before he saw this footage
do you know what I mean I'm trying to
find something for Shay for Valentine's
Day it's really difficult because
usually he just buys but you know like
if we find something he likes he buys it
so I'm going to try to be thoughtful and
find something that you will like and
I'm planning a big dinner tonight I'm
going to make dinner and have like the
table all set it's going to be fun I'm
excited I'm excited on this little guys
helping me shop no no no no sorry take a
little break dancer okay dude let's go
find something for Dad you ready get
something for daddy
oh yeah oh yes again what are you doing
way that I don't think dad wants that
but you look full
Shaco put it back okay this is a little
harder than I thought it was I know we
want some basketball shoes but I don't
know which one and I don't want to get
him the wrong ones no no is that lame to
give him just a gift card oh oh all
right you guys I did it we were in there
for a little while and I could not
decide I'm so horrible decision she
knows exactly what I'm talking about
anyway I just pulled some last-minute
like okay maybe like this I like it so
hopefully you'll like it oh it's a baby
fur galvanized ambivalence I say you
want a snack okay just a minute we're
gonna show these guys what we got okay I
got him some sunglasses cuz he likes he
needs some sunglasses tell me what you
guys think okay look do you like them
they're spy sunglasses with white and
black I don't know it was a very last
minute like I saw him in the window and
thought I'm gonna do it because I
couldn't find anything else that I
thought you might like so I like those
and then one other thing some shorts
because playlist live is coming up we're
going to be in Florida you like these
they're blue
just blue simple like board shorts I
don't know their bands what do you guys
think yeah did I do okay
and then a couple of little like parts
and Flowery things kill won't think
that's cool but I'm putting in on his
princess anyway Hot Tamales because I
think he's so hot
okay what do you guys think let me know
hey guys so I'm continuing my little
secret but this is where I've got all my
little Valentine think this is Bechet
these are those like join in this oh
they're so awesome and then this is
stuff for the dinner
what I'm going to have colored ice cubes
or supercool offices so excited okay
relax so what the plan is the kids are
going to come home from school I'm going
to be making dinner because they know
we're gonna have dinner anyway so
whatever right then Shea's gonna go to
pick up he's gonna take all the kids
with him to pick up some card from water
polo and then I'm going to decorate and
have the dinner all ready by the time
everybody gets here and Kaylee is coming
over with Bradley engaged too so it's
gonna be exciting I know it's like not a
huge deal but it's these little things
that are just super fun to like create a
little bit of excitement you know in our
mundane lives
I know it's Valentine's Day so maybe
they'll be expecting something fun
anyway but it's just exciting I remember
my mom doing little things like this for
us
and it's just fun I think it's more fun
for me than it is for them but hey what
the heck whatever floats our boats right
okay let's go oh come up here I also hid
I guess me to deserve I don't even
notice it but I hit it up here see
Golden Grahams s'mores these little
hearts on it these chocolate
Butterfinger hearts
I'm so excited okay um I should get down
there I'm here hey little man happy
Valentine's Day
okay you ready see your Valentine's Day
present you ready come here hurry hurry
hurry hurry I got you a special
Valentine's Day present okay right here
and look up in the sky Hey look up there
says I loved you oh yeah yeah it does
say to you because I loved you right
there do you see the heart I loved
others will say you but you just felt a
Jew and I got that for you are you happy
thank you my love hey babe I swear I
don't know Julie I don't know Julie I
swear babe babe I don't know what Julie
I swear are you supposed to say collapse
Kyrie named you Julie oh honey I love
you that was dramatic as Happy
Valentines
woman oh ye happy Valentine's Day okay
we just got back from school well I just
picked you guys up I couldn't wait til
he got home okay what is that what is
that
who is it from from a boy what so wait I
gotta tell you something stuff so we
were I'm having breakfast and we went to
go um
throw it away and then he said and when
he came out to say he said I have to
give you something after school and I
said I do too and I gave him a present
after school he gave me this after
school and when I was Freeman right here
with these two other girls and all these
other girls with glasses are if he was
my Valentine and he said yes so me and
him more about tines never can open my
prison is this the first time you've
opened this yes oh so can I have a box
of chocolates he's doing good so far in
my book make me sing Chris yeah I told
you that's a good what so awesome I
should stop banging in on the team oh
whoops
let me see it Louisa Oh fun it's a mug
be my mug with that daddy bear oh I know
that's how thoughtful of him I wonder
how much is Momo
oh that's a car driven Kindle and $19
what holy Hannah we definitely didn't
give him that much huh oh I guess that
means he likes yeah I know
okay so how was your day did you give
out your Valentine's oh you gave out
your Valentine's right oh yes yes oh I
got some cabbage Oh awesome
where's puzzle opinion but my Valentines
you forgot oh yeah what's that
hi you're kidding everyone I met it's
candy well so much for not being able
are in candy this head right yeah in any
big so like everyone when I came in they
already suspected that was for the girls
I want to go get a monkey the singing
monkey I forgot about the singing monkey
how could I forget and then I just like
I just hey can you take that in your
mouth and tell us the story amazing so
like they were just like pretty much
telling everybody I just gave up I
wanted to keep it a secret so I just
gave to him like Sarah trying to keep it
a secret and your friends kept going
back it was even heard he's maybe dude
right yeah and then they told something
so wait so you gave it to her
yeah and she liked it she said it was
really sweet oh there was another girl
too
but she's my friends at school if she
said this button she said like cuz
there's a part on the monkey or the fans
attached it says be mine and that part
she said it looks like a nipple but oh
my goodness kids these days they're so
crude okay Stephanie is there anything
for me in that bag yeah the tail
clusters there is our necklace pretty
Alyssa red yes did you give all your
cards away that you made these girls
made the cutest whole note cards and
then send out last night made them papa
oh right that's the candy tat
hold on I'm getting paid my candy tax
and I have mine here but
and I have this okay I can't show them
all your Valentine's but that's super
cute and I want to show you one of my
favorites that my best friend's ever won
this right favorite one cuz it's my best
friend oh look she says I'm dried but
I'm play-doh that's so cute
oh my gosh that's the cutest present
ever uh-huh two peas in a pod from
Taylor
oh that's a good cap that's my favorite
I'm hey if any of you are looking for a
job they need a new heart pusher here at
Costco if you can tell but this is like
a sea of carts it must have been pretty
busy here and I haven't gotten to the
the cart in process why would you call
it kooky it's like so many cars why am i
blown away by it it's a sea of carts so
you get busy young lady all right we're
going in here we're trying to find a
Valentine's Day for my wife because I'm
a procrastinator / bad husband here's
the idea that I had I want to go back
like high school days and get a giant
piece of like poster board and then
right I heart you with candy bars in a
big heart-shaped box of chocolate you
didn't have a good idea candy bars I'm
saying I'll use for candy bars to write
the letters nanny bars will be the eye
and then I'll get a big heart-shaped box
of chocolates for the heart and then the
you I'll do with like candy bars okay
we're going here right now until we can
find something okay where's flowers okay
give me some what do you think help me
pick it out
there's no roses in all these last
minute which ones being these two those
are pretty about these ones looks great
like that one okay
also ladies what do you think about
pearls do you like pearls I'm really
procrastinating here look endless
elegance 100 inch freshwater endless
cultured pearl necklace I think I get
her that those ones he doesn't work here
he's my butt off thank you so much
alright let's move it let's move it I
don't have princess tart I'd be lost
okay we actually switched the bouquet
those other ones kind of look it's just
like to like like that all like just
white or do it
look at these oh so so still is that
color they smell really good and they're
real all right
chalk dad ah I'm sure we already got her
wine Whitman
super do that dude that has every
chocolate ever conceived by the brain of
man thanks regular this one cuz then
I'll have to listen to over the next
three months and I shouldn't have eaten
that jewel glue it's getting her a small
one so she doesn't have so much regret
right about this one
it's big one
okay okay now we're gonna find a poster
board this will be like I heart you all
right so we get a white one just get a
white one or a black one black show up
better what do you think what you think
do you think we're just gonna have to
get like something white no cuz we won't
have a white so she can see the bright
colors yeah and the dark clothes you
can't really see it so when it is we're
gonna pick one piece there's pink why
did you say so
does they're pink oh yeah right there
that one mmm the pink one okay which
heart to be like look how big that is
it's golden so but I or can both of
these fit we do like two like that like
that with me like that
I double heart you like that idea I love
love you you're so sassy we should do
the big one let's get the big one for
Kaylie Casey's out of town get that one
for Kaylie okay that's for Kaley and
then we'll do that once a mom what what
do you see oh hey there's Ariana Grande
I never remembered I got her you're her
autograph no what what look at that
trash let's get this that's done often
that's my sister's boyfriend
he's so bump okay guys I've been rushing
around trying to get everything ready
Shea left with the kids about 40 minutes
ago and here it is look just a little
bit of decoration
I've got everybody's got their own place
heading but those are ice cubes they're
not like water they're like plasticy
thingies but yeah they're cool
vegetables chocolates everybody's got
their own nametags
the girls I gave these little
Valentine's to oh and the boys I gave
these mini penny tech decks and of
course we've got our vegetables and I
got this for Kaylee and that's Shay's I
got to put a thing in that so he doesn't
see it oh okay and then I've got ham and
potatoes tonight it's not about what
we're eating it's about how we're eating
it so we've got ham and potatoes and
then look at what's for dessert
oh-ho yeah yep that's going to be the
sparked happy Valentine's Day I'm
excited for them to all come home and be
surprised all right you ready to make
this all right we're here in the parking
lot of the Costco and we're about to
build balanus this is for Kaley how did
you say that
all right so Casey is in Salt Lake at a
hunting festival check check okay so now
we have some double-sided tape
and we're going to give you open these
up okay good and we're going to do an I
love you okay we're gonna build this
Valentine's right now
oh that one candy bars on each corner
you're such a go-getter okay here we go
all right here we go what do you guys
think do you like it yeah I wonder
what's gonna happen with that I double
heart you mommy tard that's sweet okay
that's fun right yes you like that
she's cheesy enough to like that she
asked her to the homecoming dance too
and then she'll lose her phone and then
and then they'll get married and then a
you dad what do you mean lose her phone
is that from a movie yeah from the
Cinderella story she lose your tongue
get a my uh football game and then they
marry all right we're already married
all right let's go home and give this to
her okay
okay they're home guys I'm gonna put you
right here because I can't hold you and
hold the baby at the same time
oh my goodness does it smell so good in
here what is going on here are you
vlogging here and trying to add nurse
baby at the same time holy crap you've
outdone yourself
I didn't mom eat our what do you guys
think that is smells so good yeah yeah
those were ice cubes heart make a baby
with you you look beautiful too calves
your present in the card you want me to
put it up on the bed you want to set it
out and then display it to you okay all
right what do you guys think I think
this is good it's like dad is real
pearls these are real pearls from Casas
we are so fancy
they really are real pearls but we did
get him at Rosco they're heavy
yeah okay no router take you down okay
go get mom Oh tell her to come up here
okay so yeah look at them her so Ted we
go get her
okay we get it yeah I think it's a good
Valentine's Day present right so got
poster board the I love you poster board
real pearls real pretty flowers and
these are like scarfs and that's another
box of chocolates so basically she has
three boxes of chocolates mm just being
the baby she coming no oh
what yeah yeah yeah come up here it's
cool
look Haley come on but just come on
well I want to see their reaction okay
okay all right come in happy Valentine's
Day happy Valentine's Day what do you
think gave what do you think buddy okay
babe come upstairs in your present
hey where's hey start where's Kaylee's
buzzer oh no it's not I thought we
brought it upstairs here yeah we got
this for Kaylie here let's that's for
Katie got your present we know okay babe
come on bring that boob and your baby up
here okay
happy Valentine's Day
do you like it yes I dove to the bottom
of the Pacific bottom Cruz taking me a
few years but I did like them look I
made you a poster board ok how many
boxes in two chapters three that's funny
because I saw this one in the store I
was like oh I love that
Hatter really good alright happy
Valentine's Day
i heart heart i double heart you two
hearts two loves yeah I don't know you
like pearls procrastinators last second
so I was like oh there's some pearls
chicks like pearls I'll buy your screws
yeah I always see the long string like
in the dummy's eye moves are like actual
amazing and do I have a long what you
say you're welcome in okay let's see
your brother oh you got me real pearls
we're all because it's definitely not
that but you know I don't drink this
I'm as unhealthy uh what is this crap
for me my broccoli mm-hmm
Hot Tamales oh hi like fat pills oh
sorry about that
sunglasses and a shirt no go oh sure
I like Pam
but I like them I like I don't care if
you're like mom guys I actually needed
some new sunglasses okay hold on
they're a style that I think will look
really good on you but I don't think
they typically you would typically pick
it but here's I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
look and they're final sales so you
better like them Yeah right
are they blue they look like shaycarl
sunglasses well oh my god
you do yes no I definitely like those
yeah I did go ahead
I thought they matched your your new
shorted back humbly playlistlive 15
years ago
I my very first well not my very first
but one of my favorite pair of ski
goggles was spy and I had those for the
longest time all right I'm wearing these
today all right let's see the whole room
love you real pearls Costco
lucky charm fell into the arms of the
Flyway Flyway plane the sunrise fell
into the eyes of a wide awake wide awake
man things changing people go away but
I'm here I'm here stay cuz where you are
swear I'm safe where you are swear I
feel awake and where you are is where I
wanna stay
this heart is where you
