hi hey we're making a big hard mess
what you doing do this do this what what
is that
Oh snake a snake that's HAP's
it's a house Oh can you tell me who it
is
yeah that's daddy gets mommy and that's
me that's Dexter Oh see that's so cute
daddy seems just a little guy and Zeke
Jenelle I love it
outside station it up here yes it's
gonna be house it's gonna be a home
that's the cutest thing in the world I
love it I hate the morning the cars not
opening well you have to unlock it silly
head I know I am okay we'll try again
good morning everybody
what are you yeah you're a snail is that
is that your shell let me see you crawl
like a snail
we have snails outside on the front
porch when it rains and rockford loves
to go pick him up so he gets his garbage
can and puts it on his legs and acts
like he's a snail you're a snail that
your snail shell let's see how far you
can crawl mr. snail shell go I'll just
say that let's just say crawl fast like
in turbo he goes I'm in turbo turn on
your nitrous oxide mr. snail shell man
oh don't worry get it back on are you
gonna lose the race hurry turbo
oh you crash oh hey I love you
yep you have a great imagination you
know I pledge allegiance to the flag of
the United States of rakt arm and to the
Republic for which it stands one nation
under God indivisible with liberty and
justice for all that won't you wait get
funky morning let's go play some
basketball
shot nice rebound
Ronald Oh get in his face wrong with him
in his face we're down here playing some
hoops sweating getting the burn on such
a beautiful day i I really apologize for
all of you in the East Coast and
everywhere else in the world where there
is major precipitation happening sunny
and beautiful here in Southern
California my hair looks fantastic don't
judge me because I'm ugly are you gonna
fix it for him be really soft Yeah right
Ron's down man down man down oh I hurt
my ankle in basketball you can you fix
it for me buddy well it doesn't look
like it's swelling up okay no no no no
that's not that's not Hospital we're
just gonna break you some more cake huh
thanks doctor bra okay don't touch it
anymore he's really helpful he helps me
out all the time Oh better I'm gonna go
play basketball over there you're
playing scooter over here okay let's do
that instead we decided to come and see
what the boys are doing it's very nice
out here making me feel very like
motivated for spring and summer I kind
of just want to take a nap with Ron here
on the ground
oh man now we got two sprained ankles
trying to keep him elevated we
substituted rocked Arden he tried to go
for a hard free throw a dram and he
rolled it we got two players out this
season this is not good we're gonna do
well you're not resigning you guys's
contracts that's for sure
if they have personally hey good thing
the cheerleader showed up oh yeah whoo
do some dances settle acres is that a
Lakers joke breathe I play for the
Lakers or not the Clippers were you
referring to Kobe Bryant getting paid
twenty four million dollars to sit on
the side one eight million the 28th oh
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna bite you Rob
my bite you I'm gonna get you okay Tom
we can't leave any man behind several
ankle ron has a hard time walking you're
a big boy son you're a champion Jay my
hero dude you guys oh I feel sick
Ron apparently broke his leg he just
texted me and said they think they might
even need to do surgery on it to fix
just feels so bad I don't know
mom feels so bad that's the worst go
give him some support please I'm a - a
loss video talking about how it happened
and the story behind it if you want to
go watch it but please go give my buddy
Ronson love such a discouraging thing to
happen especially he was doing so good
you know losing weight getting into
shape we're getting ready for that Tough
Mudder he thinks he's going to do the
Tough Mudder in the end of March he just
broke his leg he's already saying he's
like I'm gonna do the Tough Mudder like
dude you broke your leg so please you
guys go go give ronson love just feel so
bad man it sucks
anyways we're going to get the kids
collected to shoot at maker and I'm
going to pick up the ninos from a
sequela go love on Ron please you guys
help me out will give Ron some love he
needs it oh my goodness you're just
asleep Oh John I am just leaving
sleeping problems in our almost to know
your arms tired why are you sitting at
my desk so it wasn't that bad we're here
at maker been filming a mom I just bill
the gross
yes I mean English don't touch me it's
Valentine's oh we're filming a mom
minute and we're gonna be talking about
travelling and stuff like that so you
guys have to watch it the mom minutes go
up every Saturday so let's go find
minion see what she's doing that means
she's filming
we can't go in there I was filming with
her and then I went to leave and she
started filming her next episode I was
like cool you guys might be like oh
rather the baby again
it's just amazing if you can get a baby
to sleep it's like you won the gold
medal in the Olympics it was magical it
is so magical and right before he closed
his little eyes he just looked at me and
be like it was like it was so sweet like
you're holding me I'm okay with that I'm
gonna fall asleep in your arms and then
we just added work did some spreadsheets
I'm gonna fall asleep in your arms so
cute oopsie why we keep having babies so
I'm not sure if I said um her episodes
are up on the moms view every Saturday
huh hi it's Alexa and Jorge from reality
changers hi beautiful how are you good
to see you Oh cutest little dresses good
to see you see you again okay this is
what's happening right now okay so I'm
vlogging I turned the camera off to say
hello to Jorge and they walk away we
like chat ha ha good to see you blah
blah they walk away and then but I'm
like oh did I vlog anything with them
other than us walking up to each other
I'm like no I did it I'm so dumb so I'm
talking to Jess about it she's making
faces as I put him in this car seat I
proceeded to start buckling him up but
I'm like something is wrong he's in
fucktards car seat I tell you this is
what happens when you have five kids you
just your brain it just goes chill
goodbye even you think it's funny huh
you're strike sweet I'm gonna ride
facing forward and a different Z this is
cool mom you crazy maybe you're reckless
reckless baby
so you guys I'm sorry so the reason you
don't have really awesome footage it's
because I'm vlogging and Shay's not but
at least you get fun baby footage cuz
I'm always with the baby right cookie
face you guys I have bad news what Ron
broke his Lake today yep how are you dad
we went to play basketball and he'd ov
out of balance to save a ball and he
broke his leg can you believe that
sure yeah he just he just texted me he's
at the at the urgent care that suck yeah
you feel bad for him need to say prayers
for Ron thank you
I'm not yeah I'm not joking how do you
know I'm not joking did you pretty much
always jump it's true but sontar do you
think I'm joking how do you know I'm not
joking cuz you do told the truth yeah
baby card I do joke a lot but you're
acting yeah no I'm serious
son tard knows when I'm telling the
truth huh I do he loves me unlike some
of my children do not the camera and let
me tell you well okay it's off nobody
why do I turn off the camera
have Alan tell you cuz pretty much you
like be funny I'm a cat alright what
no he did no I'm serious he really did
we're playing basketball he dove out of
bounds like he didn't like lay out but
like he like jumped out of bounds and he
threw it to the other guy and he landed
and he broke his leg and he might need
surgery to fix it I feel so bad yeah
I'm not joking you want to call him and
ask him she's not joking that's like the
kid in the shimmy that's the truth
I think this dog is pretty spoiled
that's pretty comfortable bed there we
feel you comfortable it's very
comfortable
he's just chillin to Kelly's music was
perfect with your hand blessing on my oh
oh shoot is it tomorrow
I think it's today dang it I was gonna
promote Kelly's concert she's did a
concert I think it's today and his flock
goes up tomorrow this is from Kelly
Moore musics my fair free now my pair of
thing down we'll check it out it's
called just a song I put on the inside
the other day on this album you guys
tellin ya get this down low Sean oh look
at that
you guys are cute your hat that s on
your hat actually stands for shaycarl
rock cards overdoing pointing the camera
the baby we wanted a baby mm-hmm
it does everything go you guys want to
see the baby so what we're doing tonight
is pre Valentine's Day dinner because
there's no way we're going to get
anywhere tomorrow night we're trying to
go out to eat the Valentine's Day
that's where happy Valentine's Day go
out dinner tonight tonight okay and I'm
preparing something simple at home
tomorrow babe do you feel like are you
feel mad that we're not going to
anything romantic it's just gonna be us
and our five offspring well that's part
of what we prayed together we loved we
made that decision yeah every time you
let me take my pants off we made that
what oh yeah you hear that happy
Valentine's Day kids
you guys get it like from the video okay
my goodness and they had a baby sister
was it you wasn't you
there we go anywhere do not text my
sister okay leave me alone who can't go
anywhere with you're on your phone all
right look at this giant restaurant
we're in like hell big the ceilings are
huh we're having some delicious Olive
Garden Superman what did you order
not good Jesus right kgs and gray they
got apple juice which again
movie you got a wild berry smoothie
Nancy would you get me brown berry
smoothie as well excellent
all right little brother helping little
brother yeah
child labor push that little gay that's
so cute
don't run into anybody watch out bro
tard you got a madman behind the wheel
of this thing you should be nervous
can't even see over the wheel let's get
the dough did addicted to dude lightened
Stosh detective doctor dude towards his
arms off he was laughing stop em good
letting it's funny
hey hey watch are you gotta be careful
with them good he seems to like it
think you guys are gonna be best buddies
alright we're home it's Valentine's Day
II let me see your box so these are the
boxes that will get all the love notes
tomorrow what happened to your unicorn
is all black let's open a higher rate
that parts because it's because there's
words on it
pay attention you didn't like those
words alright perfect our let's ears
yes words say bad works oh that's cute
that's cute that's so cute sou desu so
cute
hey what are you doing over there you
guys making Valentines yeah let me see
hold them up did you cut those up
sundar let me grab a dime let me see
bring him here honesty honesty honesty
honesty
have you been to lions day to jasmine
who wants to be standards Valentine or
does the Valentine's look at the girls
they made all of theirs by hand uniquely
individually I am impressed at the time
and effort you guys spent to make these
for each kid in your class you guys are
yeah you agree with Daddy
ok don't lose them that you take is that
if somebody
get theirs and they'll feel bad they'll
be like every baby star doesn't like me
okay okay
baby's her get your box from rocked her
he's gonna destroy it come on you got a
three year old little brother I mean you
were given to your sister okay all right
Happy Valentines say goodbye say good
night everybody
make sure you have a happy Valentine's
Day
okay Kim kisses we really hope you have
a very happy Valentine's Day and if you
don't have a Valentine then we are
officially your Valentine our hearts go
out to you and our chocolates no
actually you can't have our chocolates
sorry Collette ate em all mommy tired
ate all your chocolates love you guys
happy 14th of February if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog click only yesterday's
wrong you want to see the feeling lucky
button that is actually the brand deal
that I talked about with the snow in the
house and the couch coming down the
stairs
you guys remember maybe was like a week
or two ago we threw the couch down the
stairs that video is up click on the
feeling lucky button you go watch it if
you want to see what we were doing all
those Valentine's days ago what were we
doing four years ago on Valentine's Day
where did I get mommy tart for
Valentine's Day three years ago I
actually have a little an idea I'm gonna
go I'm gonna run to the store right now
and go get mommy tart or Valentine I
think it's gonna be a good idea it's
like an old fashioned thing that you'd
normally do in high school but I think
klett will really like it so go watch
all of our Valentine's Day experiences
from the last four years love you guys
and as always we'll sue tomorrow sorry
Rock card isn't here today I couldn't
afford him he's expensive that my cute
lovely dad are with bells yeah
