hi
okay I just got back from the store like
a balloon ride I didn't get a surprise
for you I'm sorry I got a surprise for
you
where's your shirt annoying countless
yet no no no okay close your eyes close
your eyes keep them close
keep them closed are you ready keep them
closed
do you see em yeah you got news bones
that's my head he's like that's not what
I wanted mom throw accident stretches
which is to make Valentines because the
kids are making their own Valentine's
this year I don't know would you get for
a boy that hand me to make Valentines
like is it sad is it like not cool to
have like me hearts inside I don't know
me that's actually for you and your
brother cuz he's gonna make Valentines
with a maid yet is that da I know I
don't know what ten-year-old boys want
to give for Valentine's Day other than
to the girls they like I'm sure he'll
have something he wants to give to the
girl I don't know there are any of you
guys ten years old or have ten year olds
that like what if they give for
Valentine's Day you look at all those
cards in the store like spider-man and
Iron Man and it's like that's too young
for them right I don't know but we're
gonna make Valentines because it's so
much man yeah
hey if you like your news bones and
forks because you only have one that you
use all the time so I thought you did
some more yeah yeah well good say thanks
mom you're welcome all right check out
our new action star he's practicing to
be a stunt man one day oh I'm gonna die
you're gonna die
is that your death fall like you got
shot and you slowly fall to your death
what if you can watch it on TV
I'm gonna die I'm not sure if that's so
good alright did again keep practicing
your death Falls you'll be a stunt man
one day keep filming
let me keep filming you into all filming
okay do a really slow one like really
slowly fall oh I'm gonna die no you
jumped you have to just like slowly fall
like that oh you are they can what do
all the camera well this could take like
two hours of footage who wants to watch
two hours of rock art falling off the
Colette's bike oh hey guys are just good
god dumb was doing my field trip it was
awesome except there wasn't any flash
photography so come take pictures but
then I realized I had another camera so
I use that camera but that's video so I
just doodle it little short video and
then yeah oh yeah ate all my lunch
because I was so starving to get any was
so hot my arms are like wet ham left
here on so like wet hell yeah I'm so I'm
so warm and a lot and it funny weird is
that
ah TV so I got 3.5 which is pretty good
I guess you know I know he didn't tell
my about 3.5 on what I've had a book
report today I got 3.5 because I didn't
talk loud enough but the best ones of
school of not a score for boards the
best you got a 3.5 because you did talk
laude not oh geez
he got bro yeah that's pretty fun and
I'm glad I don't have to worry about it
but he said that your friend said that
you were funny yeah I but also there's
another girl that she does something but
she won me as a backup dancer
okay what do you but you were a backup
dancer for somebody's book report yeah
and I was I was like because she did her
song to the song royal was like an
insect so yeah she had music - yep sad
music and everything oh that's cool so
that was a little bit better than your
yes
mm-hmm so send her out a book report
today and it was a singing book report
he was supposed to sing like the summary
and stuff to the book he did it for us
and he did a good job at home but he had
to speak up to get that four pointer
okay guys so I'm making Shane very late
lunch and I put a little snack in his
sandwich look I don't love you
let's see if he notices it Oh into it
and he will bite into it I'm hiding it
good enough you're holding I don't even
see it from here makes me giggle giggle
it's like I kind of wanted to see it so
he can just look at it before he bites
into it but it'll be funny if it bites
into it first
okay physical election let's go give it
to him
what are you guys doing you guys are
horrible I feel like we can't do
anything without you guys giving it away
nice Frank seas I love you I knew I was
going on well these guys will give it
away
how's Italy Prime I need to see daddy
his sandwich you guys have a really
important scheduling meeting I have to
go to right now that's been scheduled
all day I've been really busy
ah but I'm finally here what am i
scheduling meeting I've been bugging him
we need to have a planning meeting we're
in a plan she even has a list you guys
oh just uh we have a very busy next
couple of months we need to talk about
it we definitely do have a very busy
next couple of months you guys know five
years of daily vlogs is coming up dude I
it's like makes me nervous I don't want
to talk about it what why you know it's
just change you know and I guess that
change is up to me but I'm gonna force
myself to take some time off part of the
meeting so earlier Colette was looking
at some places we could go on a vacation
like a real-life vacation where I don't
have to get on the internet I know that
it's hard for you guys to relate and I'm
sure there's many of you rolling your
eyes your collective eyeballs oh you got
the easiest life shave but it will be so
nice to not get on the internet like to
take a real vacation where I don't have
to import and upload and edit footage
and have to worry about like I get the
vlog up is there gonna be wireless in
the hotel room yeah how fast is the
wireless yeah we have to sit in the
hotel room for four hours on our
vacation well Shay it well daddy uploads
his video anyway so besides all that I
wanted to give you husband's and you
potential husbands and boyfriends out
there a little
tip and I am sometimes guilty of this or
I'm constantly busier I'm on my computer
I'm sending emails and Colette's trying
to talk to me I'm like aha yeah babe
okay sure and it's like sometimes they
just want a hundred percent undivided
attention or you sit down and talk and
we do that but it's hard with five kids
and how busy we are and all the things
that we're working on sometimes it's
very rare that we get just some alone
one-on-one discussion time I told her
leave this dog in our face to this dog
we have these babies if things always in
our way
so I told Colet I said Kay meet me
outside in 30 minutes and we're gonna
have a business planning meeting so here
we are and yeah we have there's a lot of
people in this business man I know he
smells really good but you could totally
become big syke he's such a monster
you're a monster dog that's good that
yummy my cookies those are my cookies
show him your knife to have him rock
cards brought me no okay you're gonna
hurt somebody I brought me the
fingernail clippers and he said dad make
the knife like why it was make the knife
I'm like what so he has he's been
running I'll break your nose you little
monkey you better not stab anybody with
that thing
yeah you shouldn't let him play with
that seriously summer hear her seriously
Shan you shouldn't hold your baby that
way Shay you shouldn't let your kids do
this yeah yeah can you tell her a little
bit jaded with people telling us what we
should do and what we shouldn't do I
walked all right my meeting with my maid
I'm meeting with mom mistress Tamiya
what otherwise rhymes with meeting in
him my meeting with my
man I can't think of anything my hot
wife is over now we're gonna go pick up
the girls from gymnastics and Zeke's
gonna hang his head out the window he
loves it I just say to him I'm like Zeke
him go for ride he just goes flying out
the front door it jumps in the back of
the truck and he sticks his head out one
too high like my dog it's cool huh yeah
I hit so many people to look at me but
I'm driving down there always seek
they're all stop they're like oh your
dog like they roll their windows down so
I don't want I'll say it again if you
want to feel like a celebrity
get yourself a Great Dane and go out and
walk around in public because everybody
stares and turns their heads and wants
to ask you about them and they're like
you know they're just like they command
such a presence because they're so big
people just can't believe it and they're
beautiful they're beautiful animals that
beautiful beasts so beautiful just
surveying has seen all the light touches
as his he owns it all the pegs a puppy
okay also in full disclosure I wanted to
talk about yesterday's vlog about the
audible.com slash Shaytards free book
situation in order to get the free book
you do have to sign up to audible.com I
don't want anybody to think that I'm
trying to like pull the wool over your
eyes or like deceive you by you know
making you think like oh you're gonna
get a free book but you do have to sign
up because trust me I hate that I hate
when like oh I signed up for this thing
I don't really want to sign up for it
and they start charging me for it I hate
that and that is not what I meant to do
but I do believe that audible.com
is a great tool to have I have a
membership I love my membership I love
that I can get books on my phone and
just listen to them as I'm exercising
like I said it's a great way to
multitask they're not even you know
paying me to say this part they paid me
for yesterday but I just want to let you
know that you are signing up for their
website so don't like in a month from
now if you get charged don't get mad at
me and be like well shoes that it was a
free book you do get a free book if you
sign up for it but just know you have to
sign up for their website I have a
membership like I said I love my
membership they have over a hundred and
fifty thousand book titles and it's so
easy for me like
all the time I'm listening to it whether
I'm exercising or at home like a lot of
times when it's time to clean the house
and I don't want to do the dishes
I want to try to help mommy tart out
I'll throw a book on and listen to it
and like do the dishes and before I know
it like the house is clean so in full
disclosure you guys whenever I do brand
deals of any kind I'm never I'm very
peculiar like not peculiar particular
about what brand deals I do I only do
the brand deals if I think that they're
a good product and I use it myself so
there's never anything I will promote
that I myself don't think this is
awesome so when I got a heytell from my
brand manager Nick he's like hey audible
wants to do Brad l like yes I use
audible all the time like for the last
five years of course I want to do a
brand deal it's like a product I already
use and love and they want to pay me to
talk about it amen hallelujah yes I'll
do it you know so like I said just be
aware of all the fine print before you
sign anything that goes for anything you
do in life make sure you know what
you're getting into and then I just want
to thank you guys because you guys
really are supportive whenever we do
brand deals
another thing that Nick told me whenever
we do brand deals and I'm like promoting
a link that you guys go click on they
always want to use trackable links
because he said that you know because he
does brand deals for everybody at maker
studios he says out of almost everybody
at maker studios our audience you guys
are like the best click through ratio of
any youtuber that does brand deals as
far as like when I promote something and
ask you guys to go check it out
he says probably more than any other
youtuber at maker studios you guys the
Shaytards audience will click and go
check it out and are supportive of me so
he said that's hugely valuable when we
like go to like make other brand deals
and like go sell to other brands were
like hey look like for instance that
urban shredder they're doing like a
whole study when we did that urban
shredder brand deal it got I can't
remember it's almost like 30,000
click-throughs something insane I think
I remember asked you guys I think it was
and we did the video like if it gets ten
thousand clicks we'll give a centaur to
an urban shredder it got like 30,000
people that clicked on that link so
whenever I promote something if you guys
click on the link that I promote it
helps me even if you don't buy the
product or even if you're not interested
in signing up for whatever it is
if you click on it to check it out that
really shows well on us so I want to say
thank you for that and like I'm like I
said I'm not trying to hide anything
from you we do get paid to promote
things and I'm always just open with you
guys and tell you that yes we're getting
paid to promote this thing if it's not
something I love I won't do it and the
next one we have is coming out this
Friday and the video that we made for it
may be one of my favorite videos that
we've made with Sam macaroni it's the
one with all the snow in the house I we
should I don't know but I think we're
gonna upload it this Friday so we'll be
watching for that all right let's go get
the girls from gymnastics you ready
crappy fell asleep am i that boring my
dad boring bro don't answer that okay
let's go get the girls I love living in
Los Angeles
look at that palm trees and the moon
it's gorgeous it's like I feel like I'm
on vacation when we live here which has
been for the last four years just so
that's like something you would see you
as you're sitting on the beach watching
the sunset enjoying yourself it's
awesome
and how was it was it as bad as you
thought it was going to be the girls are
always like in a bad mood when it's time
to go to gymnastics but I don't want to
go and then afterwards you always seem
to be in a pretty good mood do I guess
how these pans are comfortable okay
that's how you're in a good mood did you
have comfortable pants on alright I
should give me a pair of those pants
alrighty that's a wrap on today's
Shaytards vlog I went and lifted weights
at the gym with Ronald and then I went
to go try to find some basketball shoes
because we're gonna start playing
basketball every Thursday morning but
the mall was closed so me and Colette
got some nachos nachos now we're
watching Olympics Olympics ice skating
do a triple lutz of loser okie dokie
heard ii was like wanna win yeah I want
to win okay let's hold hands and win
this thing you got this well that's all
about the outfits
well that think they should win on
medals depending on their outfits oh
yeah I like the Russians with the gold
pants
Oh Kenta oh so hard I based on the music
for me to the Chinese couple they danced
too lame is and he threw her like right
at the moment was like um through this
hell movie Chuck turd she was like five
hundred spins this couple oh dang it
they're in first place they're gonna win
the gold okay you can't make out before
your performance oh you got stinky
breath you need some gum right guys who
knows it anyways they're still kissing
all right see you tomorrow
get me last words to say oh you guys you
guys look shaycarl argyle socks are
available in rodeo arcade we have a lot
of people living in this house hey yeah
if you want to get some shaycarl argyle
socks we got some new ones in check out
the link below crafting in treasure you
know what see you can see the baby
no we're not because you'll see
something else she's hiding a monkey
wrench under that blanket
okay CS tomorrow boy Vic you'll what
happened she's dropped she fall
James you fell he's fired
hey it's me what time you guys you love
myself oh I love you guys you love on my
boots and late guys
you guys are odds eyes are Austin you
watching your meat out you watch this
sheep Baby Doe 2 3 4 5 click on the
flood connected but do you can't swear
the absolute you can snare that and me
say go buy some socks or a girl suck
Josh I'm shot I don't come out of shops
alright I love you buddy
say see you guys tomorrow you guys to my
or to give me kiss
