welcome to the beginning of the end sir
I love you forever bracelet this is like
stay away ladies he's mine bracelet it
Jackson you want some of the squirrel
you're the bunny I'm scared yo you guys
you want to hear what Colette wants to
do Hey so I I love being a mom right
imma be gonna be on that they're there
okay so AB is we okay we had a thousand
trillion cats and I was like we're not
keeping all these kittens we're gonna
take some to the pet store so we took
four of them and decided we're gonna
take them to the pet store we had eight
of this this moment on this litter Mumba
and so this is the cat hated us by the
way this cat would never come near us
let us touch it cat but no she wasn't
fixed that's why she had kitten cuz we
couldn't catch it
gotcha so we took four to the pet store
then then one of them got ran over on
accident then another one got run over
on accident and another one is missing
and I love them can I just say I did not
run over any of them I did one eye and
then our babysitter we're not gonna
blame our poor babysitter she she was
like bawling because they get up in the
tires when the cars cart the pars cart I
hate when the Paris cart we're part of
the car the titties go up at the kitties
are they what I get them and then they
get squished and this is the one so I
told Shay I was like I'm going to the
pet store if they still have the cats
I'm getting them all back she's gonna
buy them I'm in a mine man I asked her I
said are you gonna try to pretend like
you weren't the one who brought them in
no I'm gonna be like I made a mistake
and I said no let's go in there and just
be like oh these are cute kitties we
want them all listen what's this one's
name clip flash
we're gonna go back to the pet store and
if your brothers and sisters are still
there we're gonna bring them home cuz
cuz mama feels bad okay taking them I
shouldn't have been so mean let's go to
the pet store I want to see if they're
still there
okay guys you want to be on this mission
with us that's her mission find the
kitties that we tried to get rid of oh
man you guys look how bad it's raining
that's the backup camera that water did
it's almost snowing there's like hail
cool guys we're back in a PPP PPP mainly
that pin will pin wheels spinning around
Oh what the pin will go look at my pin
we'll see what I found
pin well pan well standing around look
at my pin we'll see what I found Amy
what are you giggling about that
I am vlogging and driving sorry I'll
stop topic I didn't I stopped it didn't
I just did for a second you saw you were
here you're part of that you the singing
that was I was right anyways we got
pinwheels for camping and this is the
beginning of daily vlogs for fun yeah
well like the first regular one we had a
one-take Sunday yesterday but um welcome
to the beginning of the end beginning of
the rest of our life this is the first
day the rest of our lives I wanted to
start today actually in with the camera
in the fridge cuz that's where uh yeah
maybe that's where I'll put you back
we'll see us then well well gonna get
lunch campaign well turn well spinning
around look at my parallel see wow dude
come here
show me guys guys look what a via fan
that is amazing city
hahaha Sidda might you guys look a giant
obsidian rock you guys know that black
rock it's like really shiny like glass
we've just been finding these little
ones Avia how did you find that one tiny
tiny little squirrel on our site karaoke
has fire and I was like how did I like
sorrow is like holy crap she found this
pick it up it's heavy two guys who is a
geologist amongst the commenters how is
obsidian made time and pressure time and
pressure I was a trick question
no but what is what is obsidian and how
long does it take somebody give me a
geological scientific experiment comment
of what obsidian is and what it means oh
geez
if you drop it on your toe you'll need a
scientist for that Oh gravity ouch just
kidding that what does it mean if you
find a lot of obsidian in an area does
that mean anything why she shot a
squirrel boy a slingshot what was that a
bear slingshot dude I told you if you
kill a squirrel
you're gonna skin it and you're gonna
eat it you got it you need the whole
animal I can't listen and he finally ran
away and back seems like why is she yeah
that's funny we're camping we're
shooting squirrels and finding rocks see
brought shot that ones he has to eat it
eat it don't want to cook it okay what
do you need some like some sauteed
onions and stuff Jackson you want some
of the squirrel oh why we're gonna have
squirrel for lunch
Oh watch the trees steer one let's seek
don't get mad at Gavin for shooting at
squirrels if you've ever been a little
boy with a slingshot it's pretty much
impossible not to fling a few rocks at a
squirrel running by a lot of times you
don't even feel like you're gonna hit
them but it's just like there's
something I mean it's
I think it's in our nature to hunt beat
ourselves what what you will huh what
are for yeah okay we're going for height
guys we're on a hike we're on a walk
we got a stick we got a wife we got a
hawk aha
yeah look he's up there in this guy can
I made that up cuz it rhyme sorry for
lying to you guys I remember the very
first squirrel I shot was actually up
here like a few miles over that way and
I was just shooting at squirrels in the
forest is like a 12 13 year old kid and
I shot one I actually hit it and it like
died and I was like oh I didn't think I
was going to hit one I felt so bad I've
never you guys know I love animals
I definitely think animals have
personalities you can see it in our cats
the hundred cats we have some act
different than others and they've all
had the same upbringing nature versus
nurture
I don't nature I think nature's a little
bit but nurture is a lot of it but then
what I just said about the cats as
differently though because I don't think
one of the I don't think that mom cat
treated different baby kittens any
differently but the different cats
definitely act different have you ever
killed an animal me think about it yeah
have you ever I mean other than like a
bug or something but have you ever
killed anything hmm
yeah well
look there's a hawk you guys I wasn't
lying that could be a bald eagle though
there it goes
excuse me sister Kevin do not shoot
slingshots at your sister try to hit a
little closer to her okay it's lit
splashes I swing squat don't hit her you
don't have very good accuracy with that
thing know what let Brock try okay oh
it's gonna start to rain so pretty
jinx gee people think it's better
jeepers that is not too shabby
morning Zeke you approve all righty
to that color I love this carpet nothing
like green shag carpet or in the cabin
truck has a rock and he taped it to the
end of us step what are you making bed
wait I'm gonna wear on my wrist to
remind me everything looks good yeah
what you doing homework kevin has a book
report to do all right I'm excited
well choices I like it yes I'm excited
my baby made me apprised you pretty
close embrace first like it huh he was
the one who brought the big firecracker
in the man laughs thank you darling
that's others even if justice definitely
took me a while I hope that you
appreciate I'm not gonna make another
one for a long way don't break it
I'd MHA a friendship bracelet and I'm
gonna have one the same colors so that
we have matching Thank You babies
they're more than friendship sir I love
you forever bracelet this is like stay
away ladies he's mine all right yeah you
guys are crazy
Hey you gotta be careful it's raining
there's thunder
they have built this is our fort they're
so excited look at it oh yeah brother
hey thanks brother
look what they've done in there for cool
guys around iron who's my bigger one
right
if you wear the matches blow on it
softly give it oxygen it needs oxygen
okay you guys got to watch it kay do not
leave it unattended do you hear me
that's so wet out here enjoys what do
you like the PGA Tour guy you just
follow me around yeah I think I'm gonna
use a 9-iron all right I'm going back
inside it to rainy and thundery out here
oh honey I'm scared Hayden wha-hey Paul
Bunyan what's up what are you doing
is it raining bad others still is your
is the fire still going do you have that
little roof over you so you're keeping
out of the water
where's the cover for the axe it's all
there Otis okay are you putting it back
go put it back where the axe goes in the
axe thought Gavin's doing a book report
you almost done we've been spending a
lot of time building book reports and
bracelets red fog like bees and bees
fishing in the range efficient training
weekend you and me gone fishing in the
dark light on the back slingin camera
stars with a cool brass bra whoa barely
feels like this one feels good do baby
with you you it
hey we should tell them that we did go
to the pet store and tried to find the
kitties than they were all sold so yeah
well that's great news I think yeah so
all of the kitties yeah semi bottom the
ones we took to the pet store mom went
back to the pet store and tried to rebuy
them so she could give him back to the
mama because she felt so bad but they
were already gone all right what they
ones prefers we have a matching look
what does your arm twist that way guys
broke it fermenting and I like it
I thee Wed do it again mmm-hmm that's
nothing I was gonna say it's gonna think
what to say that's gonna get stinky
maybe do I get stinky what I remember as
a kid having like a watch that's like
I'd smelled a band of the watches of you
that stinks like sweaty and stuff okay
anybody we have a stinky watch uh-huh
smelly aah growling price dings ocean
thank you shouldn't alrighty we're
headed home from the camp just stop at
the gas station cut some treats
now we're have your home I've never only
bought bananas cassava for okay first
time forever I just felt like I needed
has been coming crappy and I want to
just eat something Clin which way no gas
station or is like a little grocery
store and I was like honey it's celery
banana I just sounded good that's what
were you I got back in the car said I
got treats who wants one they don't want
they don't want the salaries good for
you I heard that celery is the only food
that will actually make you lose weight
as you eat it there's zero calories and
the fiber helps like clean out all that
junk bone in your mouth like gummy bears
jeez hash My heavens to Murgatroid look
at this
device we live on this earth okay ah so
angry look at that disgusting oh yeah I
never F well he's out lightning I was a
tower it's a flashy anyways I never get
sick of it
I never gets to coming hold on I'm
getting the time-lapse man I don't you
can hear take one pass it around
whoa
that is the lightning man we have quite
the storm going on now you guys and some
huge lightning flashes are pop pop
popping across the sky let's see if we
can keep on rolling here maybe we'll
just capture one we did get one you guys
seen up there another one out there
first we can look at anybody
hello mr. lightning come make your
streak across this okay okay whoa ah
where'd it go man it was flashing bright
I tell you you didn't I was like three
and well beginning with seer
