hi I'm logging here taking the kids to
school taking the kids to school taking
the kids I'm taking the kids I'm taking
the kids to school you're gonna learn
something knowledge you're gonna learn
some knowledge and then you'll be
smarter than you get richer than you'll
pay for your daddy to get a Lamborghini
now maybe just imagine all have a
mansion can have a racquetball court
inside of it the racquetball court is so
game that you hit little balls against a
wall hey do you like school yeah why do
you like school learn more knowledge
what would you say to kids that are
watching this video right now that don't
like school how would you motivate them
to like school what would you say to
them hey hurry you gotta be motivational
they're gonna drop out I'm not gonna get
good grades at school cuz it gets more
knowledge II guess so you can be the
semi get a medal yeah I don't you want
to win a medal you guys I love school I
really liked it and I know a lot of
people are like excited to get out of
school because I hate it but it'll
happen one day you'll look up and you'll
be out of school you might miss it so
you got to enjoy it while you go okay
have a great day at school
don't be watching this during class i'ma
tell your teacher teacher teacher that
watching the Shaytards video during
class time and then I made a dad I'm
telling your teacher I'm calling the
principal right now you about to turn
this video off I'm just kidding that'll
be ridiculous you should never turn a J
turns video off to stop watching have a
great day at school try to find somebody
that needs a friend and be kind to them
okay smile at people be friendly and
give hugs okay see ya have a great day
let me see your shirt more ed Bassmaster
shirt
give me an ed Bassmaster face all right
get out of here losers see ya know being
a bully today okay you gotta quit
beating up all those kids at school
right
you beat anybody up today I'm gonna find
out about it not me okay take your
backpack and get out of here no bullying
seriously guys she's brutal she broke
three kids arms last week I don't know
two with her maybe put her in a
wrestling okay see you baby tard I'm
scared of her
oh look let me see Hey look at this
centaur for some reason all on come here
I got it
he has a prank you see it says prank
notebook he's been pranking everybody
around the house last night I was trying
to go into my bedroom and there was
toothpaste all over the doorknob here
they go off to school oh you guys
dietbet emailing me we need your final
weigh-in you have until 12:00 Pacific
Standard Time Tuesday February 11th
that's tonight at midnight you guys I
honestly I don't think I'm gonna hit the
weight which is frustrating because
we've been working really hard if you've
been watching our shayloss videos we've
been going hard all week last week we
did an eight mile run in the sand
yesterday morning with push-ups and bear
crawls so it's kind of frustrating that
I haven't lost the weight that I thought
I would lose even though we've been
working out so hard I am really getting
tired of the number on the scale Colette
and I were talking about that it's so
discouraging where you feel like you
have this great week you work out really
hard you feel so motivated and
encouraged about these great workouts
you have you know yeah I'm feeling good
like all right I'm feeling tighter I
feel like I have more energy and then
you stand on the scale and this number
like demolishes you and it's like I was
doing so good then you get on the scale
and then not the scales like no you
haven't been doing so good making
excuses why I'm not gonna hit the diet
that way you're not going to I'm so
close man I don't know it depends on how
many calories you burn on this bike
right we're going for a 40 mile bike
ride right now you guys want to hear one
of my favorite sounds listen to this
this audio program is presented by
audible.com audible audio that speaks to
you wherever you where wherever you are
audible okay so I'm listening to this
book lone survivor and I got about how
our and a half into it yesterday during
my beach run it's so good in fact the
only thing that got me excited about
today's bike ride is that I got to pick
up where I left off in my book guess
what I got you guys a free download on
audible.com I attribute a lot of my
success to audible.com that sounds weird
but you guys know that have been
watching me for years know that I have
loved listening to book on tapes as I've
run byte like whatever it is it's a
great way to listen to some good
information while you're exercising or
while you're in your car or while you're
sitting at home or whatever so a lot of
you guys have asked me like what are my
favorite books what are books that I
always read like my go-to books I would
say the two books that I would say
everybody should read are one Think and
Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill you've heard
me talk about that a ton of times and
how to win friends and influence people
by Dale Carnegie those two books alone I
would say changed and it's hard to like
put like a percentage or how much they
have changed the way it or influenced me
in my behavior and in like doing
business and in my success and all that
stuff but I would say those two books
are more important than any two books
you could download so go download one
guess what audible.com contacted me and
I'm going to be able to give you guys
one free download links below
audible.com slash Shaytards
so go download your free audiobook right
now dude this book is good I'm excited
to go see the movie now I wanted to hear
the book or read the book listen to the
book before I saw the movie you guys
know the movie lone survivor with Mark
Wahlberg Marky Mark I'm excited to go
see that movie now this is insane man it
motivates me to have talks about what it
takes to go through that dense training
to become a Navy SEAL and it like
motivates me to keep pushing and at this
point the wind gets too bad for the
audio you guys do not miss out on this
opportunity it's a free book do not pass
this up go to audible.com slash
Shaytards get yourself a free book get
one of those two that I talked about
Think and Grow Rich or how to win
friends and influence people or you get
the lone survivor one it's intense and
there's some cuss words so be careful
Dave Ramsey made a list of 20 things
rich
we'll do every day 64% of wealthy people
listen to audiobooks during commute work
or exercise go get a book audible.com
slash Shaytards it's free
alright 41 and a half miles later we're
done hey guys already done since I drop
you eight miles on a bike smart or I
just does that okay tell me what you
guys do when Olympics and yeah it's on
TV right now and we had teams was in
Sochi did you guys fly to Russia while I
was riding my bike 41 and a half miles
no it was at school and we did teams I
was Norwood and we put your way all
right
this would be my way they said that
we're gonna be everything except USA oh
really yeah
Oh teaching you some diversity I like it
so then we played hockey and right as he
threw the ball and I scored a goal no
way nice three goals in understand he's
gonna go oh really do you hear that
Norway son tard scoring goals for you
guys he's gonna bring home some medals
for you guys you should be very proud of
him all you Norwegians out there you
better thumbs up this video presents
tard what have you done for Norway I
can't Raziel oh you're Brazil Brazil is
not any Winter Olympics I think they
have like one athlete actually I think I
saw in the opening ceremony we played
hockey and we only played one game and I
got my team in well we believe different
games but with different kids and I
and one of the games there's two players
and Emma when you butted in you scored a
goal um yeah but uh we did skating and
with incense it's California you can't
skate here there's no ice so we used
paper plates to get across the thing
when I was a second place you like stood
on cardboard like they were your ice
skates yeah we were like going across
the thing and I was sickened to uncle
passive anything about this Ronald well
as a Norwegian myself I feel proud deaf
Gavin represent I never feel yeah it's
good I'm a brazilian region oh sorry bro
Brazilian Norwegians out there Ronald is
defaming your culture but the baby tard
who are you
she's a cheetah happy eh today you're
psycho weird arse bonus squad what are
you doing bugger squad are you the
booger squad Cabbage Patch Kid remembers
had Cabbage Patch Kids
okay did it build and like you'd have
like there's Cabbage Patch cards like
baseball trading cards milk
yeah Garbage Pail Kids like they're so
gross but it was so fun to see him who
still has garbage pail kid cards me and
Ron have to go in and weigh in our last
day of the diet bet Stace we're going to
weigh in right now
I was kidding do either and I only had
like a few sips of water on that forty
one and a half mile bike ride I was like
I'm only taking water when I need it cuz
I gotta try to hit that goal wave waters
for fat people we all know that don't
get listen you Norwegian Brazilian quit
teaching my kids bad health em okay what
are you gonna show me hmm yes about who
did that and get me that's pretty
obvious
do not try to go potty with that on
there okay one of my baby noob repeated
putts from is the son TARDIS in a little
prank phase he's trying to think of
whatever you can do to prank our family
and uh this one it was a failure and I
think that if I
toilet seat everybody notice it hey but
you think it's funny that's all yeah boy
look this babies pranking you with his
face so funny
where are you doing yeah no uh-uh
either subscribe oh are you doing pranks
- yes okay we might have I'm doing it
wrong that's that's a mean prank though
look crumbs in her bed that's a mean
prank that's that's the kind of pretty
much you play when your prayers aren't
around when you're in college I'll let
you do want right you guys no more
pranks her mama never going to get mad
yeah or will prank you back and it'll be
really really mean hi oh look at my
little babies I love both oh my baby
I love my babies you were to talking one
topless oh yeah I know topper much of
this is when I will let go he would
stopping at when I did this to it yeah
yeah and when I did this dude like yeah
yeah he likes to be close to you
look what you're teaching him oh he
keeps trying to suck that thumb you know
do it little by way I'm doing it in
front of him well I'm glad you should
not do it at all huh you were toasting
her he wants rock-hard he started to do
the same speech in it and then she was
like any don't suck your thumb
hmm that's okay we've said your moments
before it's okay she's like oh I did it
well good I'm glad you're trying to
teach them good things
yeah and that your little brothers
watching out for you but I love him so
much I did this but I don't squeeze him
since he loved you so much you just want
to eat him huh you know the feeling I
know the feeling
oh we're sitting with him - it all made
me lose you gotta shoot me well you both
watch chance to cuddle with the sleeping
babe I understood this little baby sick
yeah you came down with a little cough
which this guy started you brought it
home didn't you
now he's nabbed accents trying to make
me oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness okay better soon huh you will
watch parents oh it's not on Ivan taraj
let me see if I could set it up
something to see
oh hey that's my gum hey okay look I'm
not going to turn sing I don't care just
song please yes BAM shitty this chick
guys baby tard can sing that song
amazingly but every time I get the
camera she gets shy I'm sure I want to
be a singer I do like it so that yeah
that's what I just said to her we just
had this conversation I said I thought
you wanted to be a singer she goes I do
want to be a singer I just don't want to
sing on camera
I said well you have to sing on camera
if you're gonna become a singer don't
hide your light under a bushel I always
tell your mom that ah it makes me mad if
you guys could hear Colette and baby
tards sing the way they sing around the
house
you'd be blown away cuz like they'll
just like I'll be sitting here doing
some also not just belted out I'll be
like dang that was good
and I try to get the camera out and then
they like oh no I'm like God you don't
realize how many people wish they could
sing like that people would dive a
listing like that and you were
embarrassed come here so I can spank you
yeah rock hard jump off that bike on to
the thingy good job nope you're not
allowed to you know how to do anything
until you sing a song for me no you're
gonna be grounded don't do it stop
quit halt don't let you know this one
okay you're grabbing for 3 months
taystee um yeah ok I turn it off hey hon
can you turn enough I'm fine all right
don't touch my camera that's my camera
is my camera don't touch my camera it's
not either that's my camera ok
it's off away from my camera you heard
me I heard a beep I beeped it off okay
tonight's dinner is the pesto pasta that
I like to make I make the pasta cut up
some dried sun-dried tomatoes and some
trees not all that cheese just a little
bit and the pesto sauce it's a nice
quick recipe that I do for the family
because they love it I don't really love
it but everybody else seems to really
love it so I make it for everybody when
I'm in a hurry
watch out the monsters coming there he
goes the monster in the house there he
goes you guys scared of the monster the
heel here go monster
yeah go monster guys look let's see the
holds over second hey can we look at
your store you guys it's really good
it's better it's like almost healed like
his hair hasn't grown back right there
but it's totally healed what's up with
the paw on the counter you don't ever do
that
he literally drinks out of this fountain
maybe twice a day he never puts his paw
up on the gun
no way for him doing that so silly you
pause you paw me on that make it easier
to get a drink
I think he's hi pretty what to jump up
on and he's like I don't do that putting
his paws up there so like I'm just
thirsty
hey the thirsty plucky thirsty good boy
yuck water mmm yep that's good water
hi guys take share watching debido and
then me she wasshe bado
and then get leg I'm funky but that
caterwaul chops and i beyo say safe they
go to Rodeo arcade calm okay calm don't
go
say one two three four one and two and
three and four and
five six a click on those videos Nakano
speed Oh say love you guys
now you guys see you tomorrow she might
up
