hi login here look at you little man oh
my gosh you're the cutest thing in the
world got a Superman hat on just
scooting along we're here at the church
again trying to get a workout in because
last weigh-in is today guys for the diet
that and I am going to be honest there's
a lot harder than I thought it was going
to be for me and yeah I'm not very
confident but I'm going to try hard to I
can't do anything in this book don't
drink any water
don't even touch anything that has
anything to do with edible nests and I'm
gonna feed the heck out of that baby and
hopefully I lose five hey where you
going that's not a road your shoe's
untied
do you want to know something you are
the cutest little scooter boy I've ever
seen
it's like okay mom I've heard that
before you're upset with me I know don't
pick your nose that Jackie is really
broke all right let's go on and weigh in
here we go all right so today princess
heart and I are doing an interview a
Skype interview with CNN with Jay Jay
from CNN what's the website Ali it's HL
n HLN digital princess tired and I are
sitting down we're gonna do a Skype call
with CNN
it's where the world gets what CNN thing
was and what's his name huh she well she
said that HLN's thing is uh we're not
going right yeah I love that word that's
their new slogan we're not the news you
are so we're about to be some news are
you nervous explain to me your ceiling
of nervous a little bit
are you ready for the questions now I
was telling princess hard when she got
home in school I said princess tart
don't answer the questions with yes or
no questions and what did you say I say
okay um I want to do open-ended
questions and closer to the Sun and open
closer those questions are like one
answer and opened and your questions are
as I got a whole story right instead of
like if she asked you a question don't
be like yes
no it's like it's a conversation plane
it exactly you're so smart where did you
learn that your teacher taught you okay
all right we're about to go on right now
and then we'll leave a link probably
I'll probably be up by the time this
blog is up so look at the link below and
you can see our interview where we talk
all about print start they want to
interview her about her cover of to you
launch a business norm
ah and you can tell them to about your
new bearded video that's up that has
almost 400,000 views by the way you're a
viral sensation watch the salmon they
they like it like they sometimes say oh
I watched that video and differences
like I watch that video it was so funny
and stuff like that and she even has one
of her teachers watches our videos which
is cool
oh yeah oh in first grade wow that's
awesome
no but I wish she could see me I'm
smiling so much right now so you're um
we're vlogging you JJ
yeah you're not kidding man get serious
you guys she's beautiful
all right sorry to interrupt the
interview we're doing the interview oh
my god I eat catch me blush right now
princess car show yeah are you gonna
edit that part out I'm revealing your
McFlurry nuts you are okay I was
thinking uh how hot you look first of
all and that we're kind of being harsh
on you about having a little milkshake
you look amazing little milkshake come
on you five kids and the ending stretch
of a diet bet I should not be eating a
milkshake weigh-in weigh-ins tomorrow
morning you gonna be ready yes okay okay
okay you guys I'm sorry the vlog was
like yesterday we had an interview with
CNN website hi JJ anyways and so let's
go vacuum ass I got a new vacuum today
and it's because our old one has broken
too many times is bit the dust we've had
it for like how those six seven years
maybe it's been a while we've had it for
a while and it's a nice one but I just
had to go this run like this is driving
me crazy I have to vacuum our house and
our other ones not working so I finally
bought we have a shop back but it
doesn't do exactly the same thing like
to the carpet and stuff you know you
need a real vacuum so into the store and
I've literally just grabbed one there's
no rhyme or reason to why I picked this
one so but I said ow
and a bunch of have seized it
and I hope you didn't look as creepy as
that cute so this is the vacuum I picked
it's a shark vacuum I will let you know
how it works but so far it's all put
together and I consider that an
accomplishment no you can't move the
baby up there I can have the baby and
yeah baby
huh why did they take you hey we do me a
favor and shut our door for me oh my
gosh shut it hey hurry shut the door
please I need your help
can you shut our door for us hey why not
won't we shut it
just shut it real fast hey what are you
laughing at sunt are just trying to
prank everybody you put soap on our
doorknob fail prank fail she ruined it
your sister divulged your secret Oh what
is that so Oh smart it's your mom knows
how to destroy lives
you know what an alliance is No looks
like one was just created okay you
better watch out son tart I think some
plans are being made yeah you clean off
our doorknob B doorknob what's for
dinner I'm hungry
well I was gonna make that pesto pasta
but you want tacos I'll do tacos tacos
coming up with the vlog you can drop
some real quick okay no I'll keep all
the kids here it'll be a long time you
can spend a long time with yourself in
the van
yes myelinate daddy do you say mom go
get us a co we got it slaving away on
the youtubes to finish the video then go
get tacos
you wanted a finished UWM slate how long
are your tacos come with you music you
don't chew up that blanket all right
we're gonna fight over whose bun dude
here if I give you the keys to my truck
can yogas tacos would you trust him to
that no what are you smiling at why he
said you go boy I got
I can make them smile every time yeah
yeah and you're good at it wrap on the
toilet so she couldn't sit down you did
dude if I see any urine on the floor
you're mopping it up with your face
you're gonna I'm going to wrap that
towel around your head and you're gonna
mop up any key hey is that where that
goes
what busted we've talked about this you
don't throw stuff on the floor
Rock dark get in here get your underwear
almost arbeiten some people you shut
your mouth you want to wrestle with me
you want to rest with me go here go here
all right bye
upload this vlog and going to talk of
see you later Ezekiel is the key all
maliki all wait don't give away any
threats yet we have to tell him one year
ago today day go follow me on Twitter
why dude I had a cutie down Smith I was
promoting my Twitter a year ago all
right look look a little Zeki look how
small he was one year ago today look at
that cutie mom could hold him okay so
he's a fawn yurga is proj now are
probably as long as an entire arms a
fawn purebred Great Dane he's a Casey
register and remember what we were
getting in there mark
Harley huh is that your idea Buescher
was your idea yeah was it baby tards I
do yes it was I am are you a Harley
you're Harley or a Zeke well that's good
job kid Minotaur nation yelling the kid
look at Doug Adam just put him down just
a little more puppy he's already I think
he's already potty-trained as he's
already gone peepee out here the
definitely was nice this is Sookie oh
you're a good boy we love you we're glad
you're in our life now see a Harley or
an Ezekiel baby babies named Kizzy
company Harley Harley rock chart that
was the funnest is watching Sun tardily
rock tart and Zeke interact oh my
goodness you look like you're going to
eat him can you just calm down and stop
ravaging the baby it's like I'm going to
eat you
they're so cute oh I'm going to eat you
it's true isn't it
you're my little photography every day
you need to get your hair out of your
face I can see your beautiful shining
face okay never mind put your hair back
of a tag can you make him smile oh don't
shake him oh all right so an update on
Valentine's Day the kids are not going
to be allowed to take any type of candy
to school whether it be sugar or sugar
fries so sorry baby tard no candy Oh
yucky oh baby can baby good alright it's
dinner time and we're doing Rubio's tops
and waffle shop offensive card is
sending her very first email to the
director of the little patrique video
shoot we say oh do you I think you need
to get a little less attitude what what
do you want your email to be I can I
named my own email yeah well you want to
be they a stick
okay mine I'm about to tell you my email
but I will not put that in the video
anyways yeah she's sending the director
who directed that little patrique video
he sent a princess card an email and
he's anyways she's replying in I said
you won't reply to his email she's like
yeah so now she's writing something I'm
excited to see what she says can you
tell me what you said get out on her
business you guys are so nosy Rock Todd
he came right and he said can he get me
a via yeah it's hilarious I wish I had
the camera we came in cuz we came in
rock-hard was first he ran up to the
lady behind the register and goes can I
get a quesadilla is so funny which had
my camera
are you oh I fell asleep must be naptime
are you so tired you can't answer my
question while you're sleeping gang
early you're sleeping your dreamland I'm
gonna drink some of Rock charts drink
now some so thirsty
i'ma drink all of it yummy you're alive
I got fruit punch mixed you've never try
their peaceful dominated self good fruit
punch root beer and lemonade let me
taste
yeah hey guys I got my spiked teeth they
can go shake here
you vlog in very lot turn it and then
put it on your face turn around and put
it on your face let me show you yeah
yeah yeah good hold it like that
talk to him say hi hi hey I got like my
teeth and I go and go up you got a whole
day you are gonna watch like this punch
hold your arm out straight
get your vlog room just like that see
this lens right here point that straight
at your face okay there you go
hi guys I got wish Mikey and we can
maybe go Shafer come on let's go safer
ah God here run Oh take a lake Buddha
Campbell all right now give it back to
the back to get back to hey ruff
I love you all right young Jedi vlogger
now no we just watch your teeth put that
out spit it out spit out it habit it
good just brush your teeth you can eat
your cases df3 brush your teeth I get my
kid today yeah he's like 100 whatever
all right let's say prayers and go to
bed it's a school night I've got a big
monster on my back I saw a comment today
that said more bro tard footage oh
really cuz I have lots of it right
what's your name
dad but I'm card gotta remember ten
names around here one original name a
tard name that's a lot of names a room
number get on that Tiger sitting right
out starting to be a cowgirl good buck
you need on get your leg up there right
him he won't bite you well not like me
he just plan get out right great there
you go right him ride the pony
oh let's see baby tiger can you get on
baby card can you get on him one at a
time he's such a good boy good boy
look what oh boy yes now wrap your arm
Jenna you got him use your legs
yeah oh you're riding as a heel singing
it up now this turn
okay okay go get it Ikki bring here good
boy okay come here
okay okay sit sit sit
good boy I get it oh yeah go ahead
clean my chai rocked are you gonna run
you over he's such a good boy good puppy
how time flies we've had a zekiel dog
for one year to the day which means
we've probably been a year and a half
without Malachi we still on a regular
basis maybe two or three times a week I
will refer to Zeke as Malachi I'll be
like son chart go feed malachite I mean
Zeke I love you guys thanks for watching
don't I know there's gonna be some of
you like you shouldn't let those kids
sit on that dog if you guys knew how
strong this dog was he is monstrous and
I definitely would not you know
jeopardize my dog so if I thought the
kids were gonna hurt him I wouldn't let
him get on him but he he can hold his
own he was been raised in this house for
the last year with four kids five now so
it's a big crazy rambunctious house if
you don't like it get the hell I don't
say love you guys
sorry I just swear check out yesterday's
vlog click on the feeling lucky button
if you want to see with the shade dogs
are doing one two three or four years
ago today click on those bud see you
tomorrow
