guess what I did what mom didn't tell
you remember that sweet awesome water
polo game you had on Saturday yeah
accidentally deleted all the footage but
once again those of you who follow me on
Twitter those of you who don't you guys
already know part of this drama that's
happening already here's the story uh I
think I'll just put this in today's vlog
is that cool - yeah
okay thanks bro oh now the battery's
flash look me that battery over there we
put them in the wall hold on guys gotta
check the battery just sec okay so
here's the story this Saturday sundered
had his very very very very first water
polo match and we were so excited we
have never been to a water polo match
I've never even seen a water polo match
in my entire life other than like on TV
a few times during the Olympics zekiel
you keep your mouth shut on vlogging
here anyways so son tards excited we I
even had some really cute moments when
you're walking in and some tired go
Eagles dad to be honest with you I'm
really kind of nervous and I said son
it's alright you just go out there you
work hard you have fun and just play
your best and that'll be fine
so we go to the water polo match they
start playing and we soon learn that the
other team is dominating son tarps team
the final score was seven to two even
though it should've team oh right
97 I was gonna try to hooked you up but
ya know it was 17 to 2 it should have
been 17 to 1 but one of the points that
our team scored one of his teammates
threw it into the goal and the goalie
blocked it but the ref said that the
goalie was like too far back he was like
like he caught it but he caught it like
inside tickle so they gave him a point
honestly I think it was like a mercy
point cuz at that point it was 16 to 0
anyways so we get this footage I'm like
zooming in doing all these sweet camera
angles saying all these really really
funny things and sometimes out there
hustling and swimmin it's a huge pool
this is the Coliseum where they had it i
yeah i'm really mad too because I lost
the footage where it shows the outside
of the Coliseum luckily all the others
from water bill notches are out back
there at that same place so we'll show
you guys later anyways the 1982 and I
believe the 1932 Olympics were held at
this place in
anyways so we leave the water Oh during
the water polo match at the very last
minute there's like 1 minute left
I go up to some time I'm like dude go
score a goal at this point it was six it
was 17 to 1 Sun tar gets a fast break he
goes down and he has this sweet score
there's this other kid that was trying
to block him he throws it and I got it
on the Cameron I'm like yeah that was so
cool we're so excited because the other
team man it seemed like they were 14
years old they have like plays seem like
they've been playing water polo for
years I'm surprised they didn't go to
the Olympics for it they were just like
definitely superior to Sunday I've seen
this is their first time and most of the
kids on his team who is their first time
ever playing water polo ok so we get in
the van I'm so excited I have my laptop
with me because I edited on the way to
the water polo match so that I could
upload the vlog before we go to the
George Strait concert so I have to get
the daily vlog up I'm so excited about
this water polo footage of McMahan it
was such good footage I told Colet I
said I'm gonna import this right now cuz
I don't want to lose this footage I'm
like you know I never have before off of
the camera but I just thought I'm gonna
import it right now so I make sure I
don't lose it so I import the footage
onto the desktop into a folder like I
normally do labeled to 10:14 which is
supposed to be for Monday the 10th of
February so last night Sunday when I'm
recording the video of us me whacking my
head on the ceiling fan as I usually do
when I'm uploading the next video I like
delete stuff off the desktop no I don't
back up my files I should I don't
whatever
don't judge me I throw the folder away
that has all of his water polo files in
the trash and I delete the trash and
it's gone I don't realize it at the time
we upload the one take Sunday we have
dinner we put the kids to bed me and
clutter about getting ready to go to
sleep as I normally do the night before
I import all the day's footage into a
folder so that I can edit it the next
day as I'm sitting there to import other
footage I I say to myself oh talkie
mustard cleansin write your school's
what I said I just deleted all sometimes
waterpolo footage and she's like what
and like she was so frustrated I was so
frigid I'm like no so I get online I
figure out how to like get it back
there's
like this recovery software that you can
buy for a hundred bucks I spent $100 to
get your water polo footage back it took
me nine minutes to wait for it to run a
scan on the laptop I get it back but as
you're about to see the files are
corrupt it's like they they go fuzzy
it's like and some of them were white
and you can just hear audio but like the
only single clip that is fine
guess which clip your goal dude every
other clip by 24 Clips all of them will
play for like four seconds and they go
and it just freezes and you hear static
every single clip except for two one
rock card running you will see all the
way down this thing I thought it was so
cute and - your goal your very first
water polo bill you ever made those are
the only two Clips out of 24 clips that
were fine that's how you know God exists
because every single other clip is just
messed up except for the two clips of my
boys that I think I'll definitely want
to see that footage later so without
further ado here are a few clips and son
tards one goal in water polo all right
here's the vlog log in here alright it
is Saturday and we got a lot going on
today first on the agenda we're all
right buddy great work
look at this man this is intense this is
cool
our team is the Venice Beach dolphins
that's what we are
go dolphin that's our call we do that
when somebody scores a goal all right
pick your move all right let's see your
trick he's fine okay there's a minute
and again
there's rock hard about 8 miles down the
other side come on dude run sportiness
Shaytards shirt look at him hey buddy
what's going on did you win that was a
good race good job boy see the video
okay I'll show you good job right score
buddy bounce job waiting scan of the
agrestic alright let's give him a round
of applause sun card score the goal your
very very first water oh mylanta so fun
oh I love holiday I'm a sucker for all
these holiday treats it's like oh but it
only comes once a year we have to get it
uh no but you're adorable or creepy okay
wonder the other two racks you out
shopping princess art has a birthday
party to go to so we're going to get him
a birthday present yes it's him ho are
you excited for your birthday party yeah
yeah I'm glad because you get to go see
the lego movie
he's his point happy yeah he is happy
are you ready to put him back in the
cart
no no he's heavy but he's adorable I got
to keep on holding yeah now we're
looking for sugar-free treats because
the girls are not allowed to bring candy
to school for Valentine's Day so we're
trying to find something that's
sugar-free that they can put with their
Valentines I doubt we're gonna find it
but hoops fun to look around anyway
seriously we're not eating those you
better put them match one between and
have to change your title honey it will
be changed to cavity Queen if you're a
candy queen you eventually change the
title to cavity Queens it's not a good
title to have guys don't do it I'm
watching the final show the final
Tonight Show with Jay Leno astronauts I
love him it's just incredible I got to
work with lighting people who made me
look better than I really am he's crying
I got to work with audio people maybe
sound better than I really do how I got
to work with producers Oh miss and just
all kinds of talented people make me
look a lot smarter and I really AM Jay
Leno took over the Tonight Show in 1992
and I remember it very vividly because I
was 12 years old and I was always a
night out I always like to stay up late
and I always remember watching the
Johnny Carson show
with my dad I even feel emotional I feel
choked up it's an end of an era and I
remember when Jay Leno took over the
Tonight Show watching it with my dad you
know when I was supposed to be in bed
because it was a school night
my dad let me stay up and watch The Late
Show and I remember my dad being like
this is a big moment because Johnny
Carson's been doing the Tonight Show for
a long time and now this new guy Jay
Leno is taking over 22 years later Jay
Leno stepping down and now Jimmy
Fallon's coming in it's an end of an era
it just it makes me feel old it's like
one of those things it's like I've
watched a Jay Leno Show for years and
years and years you know he was number
one for 20 years he's in the number-one
late-night show over everybody Conan
Letterman Fallon Kimmel jaelyn all had
the best ratings better than anybody
else he's been number one for 20 years
man that's cool anyways I love you Jay
Leno even though you don't know me you
guys almost got a girl to flash us on
the interstate so close but something to
be proud so we're headed to the
it was you monitor we're heading to the
George Strait concert and we're all
excited there's this like carful of mini
cooper girls
this car full of girls in a mini cooper
and they they're all like rambunctious
and I was like honkin Adam and waving at
her Mini Cooper goals and then one act
like she was gonna flash me Colette's
like she's gonna flash you and I'm like
wait what then she started slapping me
just like don't look
and then we crashed and died guys ready
giddy up giddy up giddy up I'm ready to
open that was bad what's your favorite
George Strait song white has never
played it's got a starter the dying baby
blue the other play that one can you see
him three times already
Casey's guest every single time have you
really they a classroom I wonder if he
changed he changed it up obviously for
his new music gonna we've seen what
along spent four years such as online
Rios I think two new album since we saw
him on this is last time this is last
time vinyl rodeo ever play in knowing me
and Clint had a George Strait song
number when you know economist Dallas
baby wrong coat a path across the blue
sky straining in a straight line you
can't get there fast enough
keep Dallas in the dust all day in a
rush
Oh baby wrong me and KC moved out to
Dallas Texas to sell pest control and
Colette and I were dating and it was so
sad and we were just these like love
like lovestruck kids and I moved to
Dallas to sell pest control and that
song just came out every time I heard it
I'd be like that songs about being cold
black cuz I'm in Dallas and that brings
back very fond memories you look pretty
tonight
giddy up cowgirl here we are at the
Staples Center go see George Strait
giddy up
yippity-do come on give me a dance what
do you have a let's see your dad let's
see your good baby cowgirl dance I
always wear baseball caps where's your
cowboy hat I got a good G for George
that's what my hats for here I'll show
you guys how to dance
make me shut up hey George Strait called
me up and he said wear your hat okay
guys take a picture book and I don't
anyone it did take some Instagram pics
all right you guys have to leave you in
the truck look rules I'm not gonna be
able to bring any of this in sorry you
guys
addy my name's George Strait I'd like to
give a shout-out to the Shaytards for
coming to my concert dying that shows a
nice beard I am I know guys
my life what let's just why life is this
is your fault
I don't know I do you on Monday morning
have to answer to this I just mentioned
that I like with herdsmen you pulled in
here I didn't say I'm busy doing what
you asked you to do just got done with
the George Strait concert and now so
ashamed I am so ashamed right now I just
been working out hard all week and then
I weighed myself today and it all just
like and I just decided to keep going
yep listen where we're at this is what
our life has become
thank you ma'am I'm not I'm just making
a video that I'm gonna put on the
Internet
he's actually painting a portrait my
friend Zack is said no taking pictures
we're not this is like multiple pictures
look at that you're such a bad person
can I turn the camera off
okay sure it's dad's office oh it's
definitely our mommy dard you fatso eat
your McFlurry what do some happen yeah
how many calories are younger how much
do you weigh right now I'm always uas
much as an end table
you weigh my visit oak dining tail I
don't know Casey's making a mess all
right we had a good time George Strait
played Dallas and that is one of Clutton
eyes songs from they are dating more
dating 11 years 12 years ago I smell
bacon we're at McDonald's drive-through
do you expect I can cut a path across
the blue skies train in a straight line
you can get there fast enough I can fire
it up
eat a McFlurry and get fat leave Alice
in the dust and get a gut Oh baby wrong
that's her got to be doing next week is
wrong
baby tomorrow cuz you're gettin kinda
chubby baby your muffin bomb is growing
more than it should be
Casey such a good singer alright turn
the counter the price spit in our food
right now and buy food I mean carrot
sticks and a large water thanks for
watching the Shaytards vlog click only
yet oh wait where's the where's the
Valentine's endslate
I messed up I put the wrong side instead
turn to the Valentine's endslate on che
alright thank you guys so much for
watching our videos we had a good time
at the George Strait concert it was long
he played like every song he's ever
written Oh a lot of you guys wanted to
know where Colette's pink cowboy hat was
well apparently is too small for her it
cut the circulation off to her head so
she figured she didn't want to wear it
during a five-hour concert we love you
guys
thanks for thumbs about this video cuz
you probably already did huh like you
just click on a Shaytards vlog you like
I'll just thumbs this up right now cares
I've been guarantee it's gonna be good
right right right you thumbs up this
video ready rut what you happen we'll do
it now and follow me on Twitter see you
tomorrow
