hello how you doing welcome one and all
to one take weirdo baby tard hi
okay so let me tell you a story for
those of you that follow me on Twitter
thank you very much for those of you who
don't well I I yada
so last night about 3 a.m. in the
morning I tweeted uh it's probably
actually 3:30 in the morning who can who
can tell me what I tweeted I tweeted
remind me to tell you about the time
that a ceiling fan smashed me at the
back of the head going going full speed
at 3 a.m. in the morning let's start
this story from the perspective of these
young ladies you guys explain what you
experienced last night as you were
trying to slumber um I don't explain it
better
maybe card you want to say what happened
you guys suck at storytelling yeah okay
you're right now okay
so just don't say what I told you this
morning just say what you experienced
when you woke up
gender standard said yep not the best
storytellers oh okay so here's the story
we went to a George Strait concert last
night if you don't know who George
Strait is like where you been he has
more number-one hits than Elvis Presley
and now I'm thinking to myself there's
some of you saying
who's Elvis Presley really come on
anyways George Strait is a country
artist we call him the king Gorgeous
George
he's one of my brother's favorite
country music artists actually one of
Colette and i's favorite songs are like
our songs that we had while we were
dating is called dallas cut a path
across the blue sky anyway so we went to
the concert last night right we went
Casey and Caylee was like a double date
me and Colette and Casey my brother and
his wife it is the first date that we've
had
without this little man Cecily bless her
heart came over and agreed to watch all
seven of our children so Cecily had our
five kids plus KC and Kaylie's two kids
anyway as we go to the concert
what technically she didn't have her so
well princess started was at a birthday
party until like nine with her boyfriend
that's a different story
okay anyways so we go to this concert at
the Staples Center it was a lot of fun
it went to a probably like midnight we
got home at like 12:45 by the time we
put Sun tart in bed and we talked to
Cecily for like an hour just chatted and
she told us all the funny things the
kids said throughout the night blah blah
blah Cecily leaves me and Colette or
brushed our teeth getting ready for bed
it's like maybe 2:30 in the morning you
know it's late me and clutter having
some like you know we weren't making out
or anything we're just sitting there
talking and I think that I hear a noise
right I'm like and we're sitting there
talking I said to her let her let your
names crew let I said did you hear that
she's like yeah I heard that like what
is that so I go downstairs to check on
Sun tart and rocked hard they're snoring
away in their beds like log sawing logs
rock cards in his bed send cards in his
bed snoring away so then I come upstairs
and I'm like you know I'm checking on
all there's a naked rock background put
some pants on so I come upstairs and I
look in the room I opened the door and I
look at Princess starts bed and I don't
see Princess car and I'm like what the
heck we're sprin sustar so I look up
here and there is the sisterly duo of
princes tart and baby tardes sleeping on
baby tarts bed I don't know I think it
was birds we heard birds outside and I
thought at first it was Sun tart crying
I thought you'd like that like a bad
dream or something
so I come in here I look up on the top
bunk I look up on the top bunk and they
don't have any covers on them they're
like shivering and this fan let's turn
it on here hold on I figured this out
last night excuse me excuse me this is a
Formica
I'm scared getting up here
meter switch this order wait where is it
oh right there okay so this fan there I
got corn you let me get on wait this fan
is going no that's not right full speed
imagine a ceiling fan oh so I am I
really dragging the story out dragging
the story out so I get up on this ladder
here let me show you
Colette this fan is going bud alright
thanks really takes dive watch out well
I stand I'm like man I'm such a good egg
it's it's black oh great it's still
recording though it says it's weird
hold on and we're back with Ezekiel
looking himself okay let me you have it
have you got it got it
okay so here I am three in the morning I
come up here I don't even realize the
stands on the wall start I get up here
it's dark I'm like oh I'm such a good
father I get this blanket and I go like
this motion to like throw it as soon as
I do that walk right in the back of the
print head and it like stunned me for a
second I was like dizzy and like my
fingers went numb for a second and I
thought that one of these like shattered
cuz I heard something like break and
like hit the ground and I was like like
out of it I was like where am I and I
was like oh my I just got hit in the
back of the head with the fan and I
still have like a giant bump anyways the
fan like this is a weird thing that this
fan I don't want to touch it it like
untwisted from the main thing and was
hanging just by the wires the electrical
wires that connect like the fan unit up
into the electrical unit was just
hanging by those wires so it stops and
I'm like almost blacking out saying on
top of this ladder and I'm like cool at
and then I add a like I'm such when I
get out off the ladder I like kind of
come to I go in I'm like honey did you
hear that and she's like
sleep in the bed I'm like still felt
like I'm gonna pass out anyways she's
like what I'm like I just got whacked in
the back of the head by the ceiling fan
she's like why am I going to put covers
on the girls and it whacked me the back
of that and I felt like I was bleeding
like I thought there was like blood
trickling down my head anyways so we
came in here and we're trying to like
fix it it's dangling by the wires it's
like we can't just leave it because what
if it falls on the girls and electrocute
them and so 30 minutes later where's our
drill did you put it away
we got a drill out we have these screws
basically we had to like undo these
screws right here reconnect it and it
was like this giant fiasco
we're like holding it like grunting and
like oh you gotta burn the calories now
let's just say well we'll talk about
tomorrow's vlog princess hard wakes up
and says what the heck are you doing
you didn't say what the heck are you
doing you just go what the heck that's
exactly word for word what she says she
looks at us we're standing on this
ladder in the middle of her room at 3:30
in the morning and she's like just
waking up but she goes what the heck we
just hurt busted up laughing we were
like what are we doing you know and then
like because you know how like you're
trying to hold something over your head
but the stool isn't quite high enough so
you're standing on your tippy-toes and
you're holding it I'm like dripping
sweat we're trying to get the screw in
the side I have a drill and we so she's
holding it I get the drill exuse and of
course the screw up it falls out and it
falls on the carpet a silver screw on
this thick shag carpet in this gigantic
disastrous mess called a bedroom we
dropped the screws three times always
got some clothes on good
oh that's here let me see that this is
actually what fell when it hit my head
this like somehow came out of the fan
and like was like like whipping around
and like hit something over there and
that's why I thought like glass
shattered because like this chain like
like whack decided this or something and
I thought like that you know
things yeah it was like spinning it
could have like shot somebody anyways we
finally got it put back together finally
we ended up using a different screw that
we found on the floor I don't know where
that screw came from but it wasn't the
same screw that fell so we actually yeah
don't tell him that story I have a faith
building experience yeah we we prayed
about it me and Colette said a prayer
because we were really frustrated and we
couldn't get the fan back up and we're
kind of like it's 3:30 in the morning
delirious frustrated like we can't just
let the hang the fan hang it's all the
kids when they're frustrated stuff like
that happens to pray about it really
well why don't we do that
so we yeah and then the girls remember
us praying you did you said a prayer for
us so here's the crazy thing about the
prayer the screw that we were trying to
get in with that we drop three times on
the third time we dropped it we couldn't
find it we searched for about 15 minutes
Colette made the joke let's say the joke
that you've made then we were like
crawling on her hands and knees I don't
remember what I mean important because
uh-huh I was going Nick Amy did cuz we
were both like this on them we're both
on our hands and knees like searching
through Barbies and like carpet trying
to find a screw you ever drop a screw
and we're like looking for it and she's
like Nick Amy anybody know that movie
with Rick Moranis Honey I Shrunk the
Kids
so it's 3:30 in the morning we're
delirious and sweaty and I start
laughing because she's makes this funny
you know movie quote joke and finally
were like let's say a prayer we said a
prayer we couldn't find the screw we
found a different screw that was right
here some random screw and I'm like
that's not gonna work it's too pointy
well actually was just exactly what we
needed we screwed it in and now it's all
back together and I have a giant lump on
my head that's the story of how I
smashed myself in the back of the head
with a silly fat at 3:00 in the morning
thanks for listening and we're all we're
all better now right and the room is so
now we're home from church and what are
we gonna do ETV no we're gonna clean the
house no we are gonna watch hook no
cleaning out they just make their own
plan
the sudden they know what it's time for
Sun tarde what what the time for cleanup
kids you can tell how excited they are
alright everybody get to work we need a
major housecleaning session because it's
a mess
alright love you guys see you tomorrow
what such a mess it's such a magical boy
difficult book all right love you guys
see you tomorrow
watch for ceiling fans it hurts what
about I so wish I was filming it we
could have been a viral video I'm sure
like my long duck tail bullet hair was
like when it whacked me what they're
coming over for dinner at 6 K love you
guys see you tomorrow bye
