hi I'm logging here good morning round
right look exhaust or fart all right so
down here on the santa monica rings
working out again here with ryan and
Jesse so you are Kaylee's first cousin
right people yesterday because I was
like we're here with Casey's cousin
they're like well if it's Casey's cousin
then why isn't your cousin actually this
is my brother's wife's first cousin and
her husband Ryan they are these are a
Power Company is very good-looking
couple
what's with all these Mormon couples
from Utah being so handsome and gorgeous
you guys know so in the water the air up
there the air
yeah alright so we're gonna do some
running and exercising me and Ron are
doing a Tough Mudder when is it end of
March March 29th March 29th we're doing
a Tough Mudder and so we got to get
ready man we were watching some videos
and it's intense you got to run 13 miles
and like climb over obstacles and they
poked you with hot sticks and cattle
prods so we got to get ready for that
 ouch all right here we go check out
shayloss channel you guys we're working
out everyday we're going hard doing the
hard things in the month of February the
birth you guys check it out we're about
to roll over to 80,000 this is a big
moment for my truck I'm so excited for
him he's growing up to be such a big boy
not fun when you like look down you see
your odometer you're like oh it's right
there and you're like I have done that
before where you know I park you know
for the night and I think oh and I look
at my odometer it's like one mile and I
think I got to remember to look at that
the next day then you forget and you
look down you're like ten over and you
missed the rollover here like no that's
do the business all right you guys we're
almost there
we're gonna drive down some back roads
so I can feel myself rolling over to
80,000 80,000 there's no one here party
you're here to party with us everybody
right now yell yeah one two three eighty
thousand we did it
it's the little things you got to be
excited about the little things in life
they do this videos ladies lady Leslie
cellar installers an eighty thousand we
just did eighty thousand miles
whoo yo eighty thousand yeah thank you
she goes oh great she's a good lady
she's like eighty thousand one that
we're gonna give her eighty thousand
dollars
dang it why should you and eighty
thousand dollars alright we're done with
our workout we're gonna go get a juice
eighty thousand let's go back and tell
her okay
well that tell I run okay she's we just
got any thousand on our truck eighty
thousand it just rolled over come on
y'all up with me eighty thousand love
you guys do just drive around in yellow
eighty thousand of $80 okay we're gonna
get pulled over action mm-hmm are you so
excited yeah I tell my excited
Stephanie video and up today yeah yeah I
was watching it wait you seen it I've I
watched it and I could not stop laughing
it was a hill Lehrer yeah you're some
cute yeah I'm excited to see you watch
it some people were like I hope that she
doesn't mean all this stuff that she
said of course she doesn't mean it she's
playing a character guys she's put drink
and that's patrique yeah so she so she
all right well careful where there's the
baby face all right the girls the kids
my children that I made my body and my
wife's body this is where they're all
from school and the first thing for the
start said is but really good puppy
you're ready to see ya baby tardy you
did pretty good in this too you had some
funny facial expressions and then your
one line your
mine was really good okay you ready to
see it I'm telling you what print start
it's getting rave reviews people are
saying you're gonna be a little star
you'll be on the red carpet and you're
gonna be famous
all right here we go ready watch yours
haven't seen it yet go to youtube.com
slash the platform I'll leave a link
below that you can go watch it
pencil piece is everything is it
back-to-school shopping done already she
said it was actually just a hand-me-down
from her sister top of gotchas are not
accessory I don't do hand-me-down I
don't hand me UPS
I just wish to head to a more me she is
Kimmy Gibbler Wow
she'll see the new American Girl doll
she's kind of chubby that was my line oh
it looks like her baby brother vomited
all over her you
she is such a Mallory Pike she looks
sponsored by Gap Kids or something she
is such a Jasmine I think I'm gonna
crimp my hair I just never look good on
it
oh yeah ba when I run I want to be a
designer a photographer a debutante um
aa when I grow up I just want his skinny
and rich so I'm over chuck-e-cheeses for
her gymnastics party was be none of us I
had so much Martinelli's sparkling apple
cider
it gave me such a stomachache she's my
inspiration oh you're awesome so good
have you been doing the monkey bars
I really into Maggie's the stirrups
oversized tiger statement kid slap
bracelets gosh gosh macaques she would
marry that you she was wearing
Delia's she was wearing Z cavariccis
ah she was wearing Gymboree Ruby and
invited dysentery in Oregon Trail and
might not win but at least I'll have I
go away
contestant 11 your word my part is
totally Quixote es totally like rawa I'm
doing like Amish but from Planet fashion
with a veil the Topsy tail should never
ever ever ever ever make a comeback with
your rooster right now it's a maze her
mom took us trucking at Dillard's pay
yeah why do they keep giving jtt the
tiger be covered brighter strung is way
cuter hmm
do you want almond milk no no I'm
allergic to soy how about coconut fine
I'll drink the skin should I crap my
hair how do you feel about crimped hair
my babysitter said chick ripped my hair
I think I'm going to crimp my hair what
you think you like it yeah I can tell my
friend Eddie it's on youtube.com slash
the platform we need your sister bro
that was not funny she is funny oh my
gosh I can't believe she'd set all those
big words I don't even know right well
there's a lot of references where it's
like what a lot of like 80s 90s
references that you know a lot of
younger people probably won't understand
but yeah a lot of those things were back
from the 80s and 90s but yeah she nailed
them didn't she
that sparkle at Martinelli's sparkling
apple cider line it took us a while to
get that one because she hadn't she's
like Martin Martin but she get it she
got it market I can't even say it
Martinelli's sparkling apple cider gave
me such a tummy ache yeah we work on our
line I hate my crib yeah anyways check
it out
with that going to shed whistle my dad
killing him funny anyway it's funny how
some distance makes everything seems
wrong and once that's everything come
join me
tap back to me yeah gone and to see
would consist of the remember through
your rectum to me I'm crazy and we can't
let it go can go back any more let go
but thank you share is your mega cool
nail biting me anyway your spider yeah
he was just looking eat like whoa that's
a cookie oh man okay this is what we do
at the Shaytards we have baby puppetry
hang in there Joe all these empty rooms
just watching the hours tick by
okay that's why I had a baby so the kids
can play puppetry
irie-kun
I'd love to hey baby thought she knows
she got her yeah these are my helpers Oh
ho-ho we have to take the cart with us
we can't leave our baby yet love you I
don't know what this is thought of you
serious oh this might be cute okay we're
coming for the lug this thing around
oh I see where she's going
okay he's had their sugar she's like a
magnet she's a sugar that's so pretty
well your birthday is coming first
princess charge so you can decide look
at this idiot over here is calm I would
take you what are you doing what are you
a Costco worker
oh that looks hot dude old soldier
horses that was way hot I don't want
that I'm pretty called the youth a
sausage all right Revelator
it's Friday night we're gonna watch the
Olympics tacos and be silly
Sontaran we're starting to go to say our
prayer today brother bless the food and
sundar we were fighting me and senator
wrestling and then he's like calling me
on and he's like giving me this face
he's like come here making me laugh
we got the goofy part out we have five
kids what were we thinking why do we
have five kids oh we think if you were
to get rid of some of the kids which
ones would you get rid of him and the
skin this can say he's gonna know yes
you want to be an only child
what if we only had one kid princess
start never came
would you miss her hey we're back Oh
easy cheesy migizi
the thing your brother strong ovens
opening all right let's eat tacos and
watch people wearing tights running
around on the ice happy Saturday to
y'all hope you're having a great weekend
we just got back from Sun tarts water
polo matches very first one and a very
very exciting thing happened you have to
wait till Monday to see it but I got it
on Cameron I'm so excited click on
yesterday's vlog man we had a good week
of logs huh Monday through Friday 20
minute vlogs you're welcome very much I
love you wink wink thumbs it up nudge
nudge and if you want to go see the
little patrique princess hard bearded
sassiness click on that feeling lucky
button yeah we were going to that shoot
I said to her I said princess card this
is just a character
you don't ever act like this in real
life or I'll smack you you understand me
she's like yes Daddy I love you too I
see the shaders no 1 2 3 or 4 years ago
I don't love you guys to tomorrow
