good morning again Ronald this beautiful
environment we found ourselves in I
slept here last night and I would
believe you you say that ok we urge here
at the Clippers the Los Angeles Clippers
basketball team training facility with
awesome knowledge easier to drain that
one oh yeah somebody ham or play some
basketball this morning boys yeah we're
excited we got some floor on floor got a
bunch of dudes rounded up you know me
I'm gonna get a bunch of dudes rounded
up we're gonna play some four-on-four
basketball for shayloss yeah I hope I
don't sprain my ankle
no I shouldn't even a said that I've
jinx myself I gotta tie my shoes really
tight come on Jordans we're gonna dunk
from the free throw line all right
that's a wrap
Shawn you're gonna be in the video you
want me in the video looks I had
yourself all right and tell him about
how funny we were Shawn tell all the
jokes we told ya we were just got done
playing and it was an intense six games
in which we lost every game Casey we're
usually our Butler names man I thought
we were gonna dominate look at these
muscles on Ryan Ryan fleshly muscle
come on can you show me those tries bro
gonna flex me pull fresco there guy is
ripped in shape Ron's a beast monster on
the boards
you got like every got 90% of the
rebounds in this game we lost against
these guys literally we played six games
and we lost every time but at least it
was always like 10 to 11 we always lost
by one or two points anyways we play
hard and had a lot of fun all right
mommy cards getting ready for her mom's
view shoot I'm in trouble you guys
I mean I've done it too that's why I'm
not like serious I was embarrassed
because I was in the truck and okay so
here's the situation I told Colet I was
going to play basketball with the guys
this morning she's like okay but you
have to be back by 10:30 because you
have to pick up we have to watch rocked
our well I go shoot my show at maker
studios I'm like fine babe no prob we're
gonna play at 9:00 I'll be done by 10:30
I'll be at home well around 11:15
collect calls me where are you I'm like
oh I forgot and she was I was playing I
was losing six games in a row and of
course our house has like horrible
service so I couldn't call you on my
cell phone inside the wait till I was
done with the baby actually call you ron
was it was interesting ron was let me
get Ron here to talk about this well I
can't find it but Ron was talking about
he's like man it must be so weird having
a wife because you know like when you
disappoint your girlfriend or your
significant other he's like you're
nervous in case he's like well if you're
dating a girl she can leave you but your
wife she just kind of stuff with you she
just has to get over it okay guys let's
see I got these ones actually from
somebody at VidCon a few years ago or
those then super pretty the viewer gave
them to me but I've worn them recently
that's why I'm like so you guys remember
when I wore organized what do you
remember that who only chicks remember
that who remembers when collette just
recently wore those earrings anybody
there's this even I never know these
were those earrings no is there any of
you who noticed what cheering she wears
I like this room I like this room a lot
can we just hang out in here more often
hey yeah I'm in the doghouse already I'm
in the doghouse already I'm gonna get
more in the doghouse what are you
watching monsters
maybe Japan coming on and see what's in
here is this the other green room rock
is in here Kaylee's in here the other
pregnant chick is in here the funny
black ok rock is the sound man
and he has to Mike Colette she's taking
a peek
let us and Colette Rob's out here with
the mic can he come in alright Curt is
running how many cameras do you have
wait for is it six six camera shoot I'll
get a rough jog in a stair all these hot
chicks all day don't ya again four years
all right here's the moms you set if you
guys haven't seen it go watch it what I
made that matter you did oh it is like
pull off a heart every day until
Valentine's Day it's so cute go watch
Kaylee's channel rock card what do you
see what does that say what's your love
to me so love to a neighbor all that's
good I do you think I'm a tree all right
about to shoot angel Shahrzad you guys
are carrying the show right no that's
just a description of funny hilarious
you can sing I told you to do more music
you got it
do it girl alright let's the set have a
good shoot guys come on let's go go he
wants to read all of them before he
leaves what's the next make a
Valentine's Day box
so the crew here at maker studios is
just kind of helping me while we're
filming because I cannot leave me homie
I'm just not ready to part with my baby
yet so we've been filming this episode
was really fun because it was for
Valentine's Day and I just told the
story about che in his birthday suit so
you guys will have to tune in to tell me
on Valentine's Day to see what we're
talking about yeah it's gonna be fun
anyways you want to see what we have for
lunch oh yeah I mean this is our lunch
today it's always fun but I feed you but
then it's like you go back to shoot the
second episode which is just like a show
like this I got an April Fool's side
like here we go
round two of the mom's view this is our
set isn't it pretty
I really love our set I like the chairs
too cuz it's not as likes lumpy as the
couches were because I always felt
really relaxed on the couches but the
chairs just keep you upright enough to
be like still in the conversation not
taking a nap but the table was a little
bit too formal so I'm loving the chairs
you guys this is some good old classical
American music hey who's the other half
of this necklace huh maybe ten baby tard
where's your necklace you're the other
half of it why where is it you what you
lost the other half of your best
friendship necklace that's it you guys
aren't best friends anymore
sorry that's rule if you lose the other
half that breaks the friendship up baby
tard you said I'll be your friend bro
it's I'm sorry hey mr. nerd what are you
doing you look it's cool to be a nerd
just ask the vlogbrothers they're the
coolest nerds I know trust me when you
grow up the Nerds are the people who
have lots of money
okay the more you read the more you know
knowledge is power my friend
knowledge is power its power
you're so powerful you get a lot of head
knowledge don't you what's that book
about what are you reading um it's part
of the Percy Jackson series oh I see Oh
getting into the series aren't you what
are you gonna read Harry Potter Harry
Potter I started - yes I tracked was the
Harry Potter ones - hard to understand
no you should you finish him dude you
like this is it exciting where'd you get
it when you start reading it
you like her - yeah third of the way
through it would you start reading it I
read it thanks bro
why can't you be more like your brother
come on I see house books tree house
like that all right all right mommy
tards at the moms you shoot I'm picking
up the kids just like we usually do what
I'm not weird okay guys so we just
wrapped on the mom sue and it's been a
long day and it's raining outside which
is super cool but it also showed in the
earth you can hear it in our episode
it's like pitter-patter of little feet
or little applauses little feet today
yeah yeah you know oh yeah
he doesn't gonna do but look at mine
they're so cute like Dalmatian style
well the room is trash but they did make
their bed they got trees it's not a
sugar day go ahead eat it I guess a good
treat for making your bed you should be
able to eat it right hey so I guess if
you are know that you're gonna get a
reward for cleaning your bed then you do
it
but the other part of the room not so
much princess drug ran downstairs to ask
some hard if he got one I don't know if
he did he make it back yeah did he make
his bed that's great look uh uh
someone's not getting the candy hey what
do you know yeah get in there
before I start to beat you it's not hard
this room I know you live with a
three-year-old maybe you should start
punching him in his nose was all of this
him did he start all this wait who came
home from swimming him through that is
that yours what's this hmm
that yours is that that where it goes no
where does it go well then how come you
put it right there then I'm just curious
no you don't know you have no reason why
could it be that it's just easier to
just throw it on the ground instead of
put it in the drawer but is it truly
easier because think you have to bend
down and pick it up again and fold it up
and put it in the drawer if you don't
just put the drawer the first time you
wouldn't have to do that double bending
over picking up stuff makes sense clean
your room okay so we're helping son tart
with this homework I'm an idiot if you
guys didn't know that and I hate to have
to admit this in front of you son I'm
not a smart man but I know what love is
I know what love is that's all that
matters haha
so I'm trying hope sundar with his
homework his fourth grade homework and I
read this story problem and I'm like
uh-huh that's what I was like I was like
huh right what are you doing here
Twitter you're eating that well here let
me go to the
at our place so when in doubt when
you're doing your homework go to Twitter
sometime just remember that dude when
you're growing up and you have a
question go to Twitter and they can help
you alright so here's the question see
if you youtubers can do it listen up
suppose you have a large turkey that
weighs 5 pounds you want to cut the
turkey into smaller parts that way
two-thirds of a pound each how many
parts can you make don't copy off of me
I think that's the right answer
I had 7.1 but I don't know and I didn't
really know exactly how to explain it to
him I just like like thought it out in
my head but let me know if you guys can
do it people are saying 7.5 ok we're
going to the tweet it won't the tweet
stirs right now remainder 1 not decimal
1 right so there's a well it's like
there's only gonna be like a little
piece of the turkey left over 7 and
remainder 1 not 7.1 no do is 5 divided
by 2/3 and shade DME I'll explain thanks
Kelsey ah that's harder than my homework
he says Emmy I like your name Emmy I'm
an algebra 1 and that is something we'd
be learning this year
CSUN tired you're learning hard stuff
dang haven't done long division in
forever since Bob EE I've been an
accelerated math for years it's right
yeah
thanks Christina that's awesome
Dave Ramsey I love you Oh shake ha he
looks like Colette in this back that
doesn't help with the math 7.5 pieces
well that's the thing it's like there's
you're gonna be able to cut the turkey
into seven pieces and the point one is
just like the math of it there's just
gonna be like a chunk of Turkey you know
what let's just feed that piece to Zeke
ok we'll cut it into seven pieces and
then throw whatever is left over to Zeke
so you should put that on your homework
say seven pieces and then whatever was
left over we fed to our dog okay that's
the real answer right there if you're if
you're asking us to cut up at five pound
turkey in two pieces that are 2/3 pound
we can get seven pieces that are 2/3 of
a pound with the left ovary they're
gonna make a sandwich we're gonna give
it to Ezekiel so you get a hand turkeys
from the bar wait who said that that's
funny whoop whap H get a hand turkeys
for the birds I love you guys
seriously check it out look look there's
46 new tweets since we refreshed I've
got a lot of people here helping out
with our math homework you do / - 3
and like 7.6 out I got seven and a half
yes around two down to seven this is
interesting see we're all like in a math
class talking about what the right
answers are do you see yourself thanks
for helping us on our math homework we
appreciate it you guys
so me and Sun tart are cracking up at
your guys's tweets Natalie neon nachi
you got a funny one Natalie says who the
balls want specifically two-thirds pound
of Turkey girl I want the whole thing
that's no good tweet me well that's
another cool thing that's happening
right now you guys so you guys know
Steve cook he's on like every fitness
magazine cover across the world
I didn't gotten tweets from you guys
from Europe we did a fitness video
workout with video with him the other
day with me and Ron he's dating my
sister
so he's in Boise right now and my good
buddy Dave Ramsey is in Boise he's doing
a seminar in Boise and the show is sold
out dave sold out the building okay
David stop texting me so Steven texted
me and he's like hey dude do you think
you get me a seat to the Dave Ramsey
seminar tonight that's sold out I said
hold on let me DM Dave Ramsey and ask
him so I asked Dave if he could get an
extra ticket he goes sure tell him to go
to well calling will be under his name I
said dude when it comes to being the man
you're the man list thank you he'll be
excited and then he says always our
pleasure thanks Dave Ramsey so then
Steve just texted me he said yes I'm
like a giddy schoolboy you're the man
and so is Dave so pumped for this thank
you so much you're welcome Steve just
bringing people together plus I want
Steve to have good money ethics if he's
gonna marry my sister he knows how to be
debt-free he needs to know that so
listen up Steve when you go to the Dave
Ramsey seminar okay it's dinner time
here at the Shaytards residence and why
was that moms do all day so I did not
cook anything but we are ordering change
okay we got chicken that's always a
month and then we're having some I'm
gonna try to stick the sushi cuz I still
until lose a few pounds before the diet
bet on Monday but hey you know I've been
working out a ton so I'm feeling pretty
good
before you need a green fork like a
clean okay can I see your apron not so
cool do you have a pocket yeah it does
okay ribbon here let me see what it says
it says rocked hard master of the
kitchen Little Helper I love that I love
it we got that from somebody I think it
was at VidCon whoo I can't remember but
thank you guys so much whatever made
that I love it it's the cutest thing and
he just barely found it in his drawer he
hasn't worn it for a while a while so I
love it oh you're gonna put your cell
phone in your pocket that's good that's
a good place to put it don't lose it
like mommy all the time we making
chicken on the phone too is it dad
what time I love him okay bye you know
it's worth it knows I'm the daddy yes
say yes dad silca making chickens and
hot dogs integrating hot dog shake you
is hot that's oh yeah that's an old
cellphone by the way you guys I really
work I love pizza I'm a chicken and hot
dogs and pizza
oh well yeah you're right
the music could have been louder you
have any other notes didn't sell like
pasty pale compared to yours I've been
out of the Sun this is like an angel
space angel it's weird to me nobody else
but me will understand this and my
editor but when you're like filming this
right now I know what it's gonna look
like when I edit it like I know what the
image is gonna look like so I think
about that image and I look at it from
this angle and I think they're not
seeing this angle this 3d angle where I
can see like the roundness of his head
there you see this mmm this flat shot
and it's weird that I think about both
things at the same room I think about
that what it'll look like when I'm
editing this I say by the way and then
what it's like just here holding this
little baby in our arms
mm-hmm how's a dumb observation you can
just cut that out show you that's stupid
you're insane no I fired that loser I
just can't turn it off dude but I'm
going to good bye guys see you tomorrow
I'm so guilty of replay
my
near him
on my back to call my trembling breath
before I walked away and swore that I'd
forget but I could not forget
you
