hi I'm vlogging here hello guys say to
skew and now we've got skill today we're
going to learn things that occurred in
our brains
yeah it's great it's really growing
really great agility girls how you doing
sighing good are you excited to get
scared
yes yes young yes
you know okay let's go pop up and
coffees coming coughing coughing
coughing oh yeah how are you
move it what are you guys doing there it
is talking passionate Club yeah we have
to get up scolding 15/4 the bell ring
yeah
today is one nice day which is usually
going to turn they call hump day that is
just because it is like the middle of
the week and we don't want to do it hit
all on the dough but we're going to have
to do it right we gotta keep moving got
to keep grooving got to get to school
got to get to work and do all those
wonderful things why not today
we have the attitude of gratitude and
happiness instead of like let's just be
grateful that we have places to go and
things to do love you guys have a great
day great hump day put a smile on your
face and do a little dance you're like
there it is the Hollywood sign welcome
to Hollywood I want to go to Hollywood
where there's traffic everywhere we're
never gonna get through shame good
morning Ron oh that's another day of
fitness fun and fantastic feelings guten
morgen how are you
so Ron and I just went to the sauna at
the gym did a little swimming slash
sauna and now we're going to meet Hannah
and Olivia from season 11 of the biggest
losers they won the Biggest Loser last
year is the last year uh season 11 two
years two years ago we're gonna go meet
them at the Culver City stairs make a
YouTube video with them for shade loss
any of you guys watch that show already
going to this door don't pick your nose
it's yucky
you can teach him bad habits I never
knew snicker oh here we go
mom's gotta get some new makeup so it's
time to go to this door I need some new
makeup please fix my eye so happy I feel
like you little jumpy V I'm just
bouncing he's like he doesn't walk or
run he just bounces around
you want that cereal is that we had a
pic for your snack a cereal you only get
to pick one thing he went o Brien's does
not a brand oh I don't want to hold it
maybe maybe he wants to hold it do you
think he was told it Oh get it get it
he's so helpful you're such a helpful
baby thank you
he's like what he's like it he likes it
yeah he's playing he's playing the game
is our Omega a1 oh you get you're good
boys oh yeah I agree I'll help ya okay
I'll help you out
oh that looks really cool I like do you
think he likes those yeah Belgian my
class he's so helpful right he's just
trying to help you out with your fashion
okay brother
all right you I thought you were gonna
carry it is it heavy the
all right thank you I love shopping with
him I did a jumping bean okay round
number two of five sets
I'm here with Olivia Season eleven
Biggest Loser winner winner winner
chicken dinner
come on run in my throat you guys go
subscribe to Olivia's Channel
she's a channel called my Fitz patien
and they do fitness stuff
her and her sister Hannah won season 11
of The Biggest Loser if you guys watch
that show on TV back from the working
out took a shower now it's time to edit
and upload the video while I eat a bowl
of granola what's going on in this
little room sweat got a sweaty tart in
here my god it burned calories looking
good babe hey Chacko last night 11
o'clock thank you when contention I was
meeting a baby and I was like I'm so
hungry he's not again do that confession
thing again I had an orange I was like
okay that's good I tied it over to love
the clock at night nothing worked I was
like there's chocolate up in the
cupboard we shouldn't do it but it's
really good and you're gonna have an
internal debate with yourself I was like
what heck I did it and I'm like Oh Chuck
I know how much what you have like three
pieces oh you're fine like girl hey
myself I wasn't gonna like feel guilty
for things well but that also sort of
kicked myself in the face because I'm
like oh I'll just have it and I'm not
gonna you use it to justify having some
right and you're like come on can I just
enjoy life a little bit come on that's
where you have to be Gary you can have a
little bit but just a little bit yeah I
want a little bit of that you know I'm
saying whoa my mama mama what my wife is
hot I'm just calling you mom because all
the kids are always calling you mom
you're my wife woman all right let's get
this vlog up okay dude I'm ready put me
in summer and all be a happy snowman
okay thank you
well well well we have a little dress
designer on our hands what have you
created princess prism I created a new
Cinderella
here's her green like let's tell them
what it's made out of you guys this is
made out of play-doh imagine what it
smells like when you open a new can of
play-doh you know I'm talking about
smells good
a pink jacket to make long strips and a
long purple dress turn around let's see
the back and she does over but lumpy got
a lumpy bond and smooth out the butt
area sorry
that's very good turn around let's see
she created this all by herself with
play-doh I think you might be a dress
designer someday I like it all right now
go to gymnastics and do some backflips
seated
baby just let it go
but I'm
I love this album um I've gotten some
macguff is there been some guff given to
me yeah there's been some guff given to
me because uh well okay
hey in the past I have promoted my
sister-in-law Callie more music whose
Colette sister uh maybe I mean this is I
shouldn't even bring it up I just
remembered that I've seen comments where
people are like Shay why do you always
only promote family you should promote
there's other artists and stuff out
there yeah that's true but they're not
as good as Callias she's so talented
um this is her new album My Fair fiend
go download it um so
it's like listen listen I wanna tell the
guys just listen listen listen
feel the emotion just take a second
relax I'm done feel the emotion feel the
passion right here ready
we're not this far
my head say babies
but I'm anyways um so for the last
probably three or four days when I
upload the daily vlog I have to go and
find like the end slight links and I
just mute the background and listen to
this album so this is a dreamer stirs up
into them and honestly it's like the
favorite part of my day like once the
video is up and it's about to processing
and then I have to go put all the
annotations on the in slate and link all
the links the annotation so that they're
clickable that takes like 25 30 minutes
like find all those links attach them to
the end slate you know make sure they're
you know the boxes around and all that
and then tweet and Facebook so I have
about like 30 45 minutes where I'm
sitting here working at my computer and
I just listen to this album and today is
like day five and it's just like every
day I'm like I got to do all this I'm
like oh yeah I'm gonna go listen to
Kelly's album so go download it it's
really good this is what my favorite
songs she does all this by herself too
until they listen ya hear the sound
Remus that's the album it's called my
fur feet I
he's lost his legs no you know how we
can make it come back he's like no this
will help seriously hold still
well Silver's huh wait wait wait wait
leave it there leave it there leave it
there
wait wait wait just wait just wait now
this one so no no just trust it trust me
okay now usually they'll connect but
it's not working for some reason
facepalm body slam oh crap I forgot I
got a present
anyways fancy dresses and shoes for my
wife Club all right I got a package from
Grace and Hannah Hart don't step on the
package you package oh my Hannah Montana
whoa it's crazy I caught it
alright so they sent me just get off the
package you Butthead they sent me this
package I'm gonna open it so if you guys
watch YouTube you probably know Hannah
Hart from my drunk kitchen and daily
grace it's grace she has a new channel
oh I figured they have a new movie
coming out called tant camp Takota right
just sent me these because they wanted
some free promotion to tell you guys
about their movie well there's no way
that I'm gonna promote their new movie
camp Takota because they just send me
some shirts and wristbands that's
ridiculous you have to pay me I get paid
a lot to do that geez we enjoy you we
hope you enjoy our movie oh I'm sure
great grace Hannah and mamrie will be
sending you a link to watch Camp Takota
before anybody else
oh look for an email on or about
February 10th I get to see the movie
before you do hahaha
I'm not promoting their stupid movie I
mean it's some t-shirts and some
wristbands like they got to send me more
than that if I'm gonna promote camp
Takota that looks really funny and it's
gonna be out soon and we'll probably
hear about it on the Internet but I'm
definitely gonna promote it you know
that's just stupid
okay anyways hey guys so we're here at
some tardes a time with said gymnastics
he's not in gymnastics he's in swim and
I had to feed the baby so I came out to
the car I don't like feeding the baby in
there like by everybody and it smells
like chlorine and the benches are really
hard so I come out to the car to feed
the baby when I can and does not want to
eat because he wants to watch this fake
art video do see the Shaytards do you
say your daddy he hears his voice and he
like perks up like whoa what's that I
don't want to eat I want to do this mom
big cooler tard and I hate it because
I'm kind of getting back service so it
keeps cutting in and out and I can't
watch the vlog it's so frustrating one
of those things that shows like someday
there will be perfect internet
everywhere that's like his dream to have
perfect internet that's just free and
it's ever ever ever it's everywhere just
flowing like water
we'll see someday someday it'll be like
air do you want Wi-Fi air huh do you
want that
well you'll live to see it dude you'll
grow up and you'll be like what there
wasn't Wi-Fi everywhere and it wasn't
free what the kids always already do
that to me Princess hard to ask me the
other day she was mom were you how old
were you and you had your first cell
phone I said 20 and she was but no how
old were you when you had your first
cell phone Michael 20 because I didn't
have cell phones when I was a kid and
then she's like oh yeah you look back in
the olden days
hahaha I'm sold dude how old are you
gonna think I am gonna be ancient to you
oh you know what Japan is one of those
nights where the kids read their
allotted activities purchase card a baby
tartar at GM nigh a sticks and Sun
tardes that one up oh no so I'm going to
pick up the girls and then I'm gonna
meet Colette and son
hard at KCK Lee's house and then we're
gonna go out to eat yeah cuz we like
food it's like the best thing have you
tried it try this thing called food it's
so delicious
oh my goodness okay give that to me let
me know if you like it can't see in a
second rock-hard say dad shut your mouth
you say that sorry a snake you would
just never tell your dad to shut his
mouth home because you're such a
well-behaved young man is that right
yeah I knew we would never turn on me
love you bro I'll go eat some cooked you
hungry bro yeah Alan quesadilla you want
a quesadilla
what the root bear how it is yeah
how the applesauce and I want a glad and
I wanna pay that sounds like all the
things you get we go to eat are you a
pirate why you covered one of your eyes
Mitch we go and a true eat oh yeah
what's a Torito
get me a treat or a churro I'd sure love
to I don't
hey where's okay paper and who bears a
root beer hey and a straw
yes job I love you so much
hey you're adorable do you know that did
you know that you're adorable
huh sano Ned I know and a quesadilla and
a crown and a root beer and it's that
that three year old talking like I'm so
I'm gonna love having these videos later
on in life to be able to watch back and
see him like say all those things a
churrito
don't you think you're too old to be
sucking on your thumb busted but alright
there she is climbing to the top of the
rope will she make it to the very top
don't give up her to start you're
halfway there that's where she is
go go go and for the first time
at least I have a chance like cuz for
the first time in forever
and I'll be damned to you
goodnight
all right whirring oh don't show try not
show this is my it's a G day three days
that's where you are you learning I'm
giddy
all right here we are family styles
where we are what does it was called
baby blues baby blues and we have meat
on meat on meat on children on children
hey guys these are our friends from Utah
this is my wife that I made love to I'm
happy now that's the corn oh wow that
looks good
we're eating good tonight all right so
we are here at dinner I may have been
the fewer calories than ayano's don't
judge me we're judging me you got to get
on the bike tonight I know I'm gonna do
some push-ups
anyways we're sitting here talking to
Olivia and her sister Nora that's right
she introduced Olivia to our video how
long ago it's been a long time a couple
years ago yes Nora
I love you you're the best you're my
favorite sister absolutely and it was
funny because Amy I was just asking for
some corn and Olivia's like a princess
hard want some corn like you call her
how was the food guys it was Mondays
it's not Monday the Monday Lumi guy
Ferretti he came here for the Food
Network he came to this place they got
like voted like best barbecue place in
the entire hemisphere or world
like something like that really good
little extreme there's a lot of food in
this table but it's good will you be my
Valentine oh I love you I know it's not
Valentine's Day yeah but I thought this
end slate was so good I wanted to use it
for the rest of February look at those
colors they just popping off the screen
here is the end slate if it's your first
time to a Shaytards vlog where the heck
you been bro basically if you're on a
computer there's six clickable options
you can click to see yesterday's vlog
because we've been making a video every
day for five years if you're feeling
lucky
you can click on there and go see our
work out with Olivia the winner of
season 11 of The Biggest Loser during
the video I was saying that her and her
sister Hannah one actually Olivia one
and Hannah was in second place lost to
her older sister by 1% talk about the
drama and then those of you who are
watching season 15 of The Biggest Loser
know that the finale was just the other
night and you probably saw Olivia on
your television set so if you click on
that feeling lucky button you go see the
workout that me and rod did with them
like I said we've been making these
videos every single day for the last
five years if you want to see what we're
doing exactly on this day February 6th
one year ago click on that number one
Sun tar flux in his muscle you wanna see
we're doing exactly on this same day
February 6 two years ago you get the
picture there's a little princess chart
click on her face three and four one day
we'll have a number five because we make
a lot of videos alright we love you guys
as always thumbs up comment and kiss me
and zieks in the background whining cuz
he wants people wrestling alright I'm
coming to kick your butt see you guys
tomorrow
