hi login here okay for house still mess
oh no what it's so fun that we can have
snow in California though that's not
even cold it's just like beautiful
beautiful snow so I cannot clean the
house Shay's gonna head and get a vacuum
today like one of those big shop backs
because we don't have any of those and
looks like we're going to need one if
we're going to continue to do YouTube
videos we're going to need a shout back
so I'm headed to maker I'm going to do
my show finally it's been about three
months since the baby's been born and I
haven't done a show on my channel yet so
I'm headed there I'm excited because
Britain all is going to be on my second
show so not the next show that comes up
with this next show after that she will
be on with me with our babies it's gonna
be a fun show so here I go going off to
work while Shay gets to play clean up oh
sorry honey
my sleeping angel I hate to wake him up
to put him in the car seat but it has to
be done I cannot leave you my little
love I cannot leave you those cheeks
water so precious so precious spun in
Aaron's with that running errands with
dad you're so you're so yes so your
Cylon running errands with dad yeah did
you love running errands with dad huh
alright want to get a juice and then a
shop-vac because we need one in the
worst kind of way you can buy me some
money you can't buy me some joke you
okay yes sir
and I'll do yes okay let's go to it
right now
lay your jerky dance notice jerky dance
hey guys no it's cool
Colette's sister's husband is the CEO of
this company from Idaho Falls Idaho
Golden Valley jerk you guys know that
Casey was watching by that hey Sarah
right here in California that cool yeah
uncle Bryce makes that jerky alright
it's lunch time dad is eating a salad
and a juice
what do you eatin a bag of dead deer how
is it he loves this jerky every time we
come to this place is this our reindeer
you're eating a zekiel reindeer he
always wants to get a jerky when we come
here he loves it you're gonna give Zika
knee then Zeek stares at him like consum
handsome alright man go get a shot that
K let's go to Home Depot I'm gonna clean
up all that snow from yesterday and
again some dim sum if you want I had a
really good workout with Ron today and I
forgot it's so dumb I just think it's
society or it's the tilt towards the
Telestial I don't know why I go back to
eating crappy food because I eat this
like nutrient-rich delicious healthy
food and it tastes good and I feel good
I have so much energy it really does
taste good you just gotta like you know
find the right stuff and it's delicious
and your body feels good but it's like I
always get sidetracked I go back to like
eating stupid crappy food they had to
remember to just eat whole fresh fruits
and vegetables
I loved it I loved it and after you have
a really good hard workout me and Ron
let's weights this morning so great you
Jess you guys ready sweetie go crazy
I'm gonna take I got three here today
and kind to think that we were just here
with babies in her bellies yeah moment
where I just realized they were like
laughing it's so funny because it's oh
sorry I wasn't you it feels like so much
has happened since then right and it was
just like three well three months for
you in two months for me
yeah like our life as our lives have
changed a lot higher ha ha ha ha ha I
never paid a Brit was just on my show
with me I finally got a shoot done for
my channel so she's going to be on an
episode when I didn't up episode update
where I talked about like my experience
and how I felt with all the labor and
delivery and stuff so stay tuned on my
channel well it turned out really long I
was like I don't realize how much I had
to say about this I'm like sorry I'm
really long-winded on this so check that
out it'll be out soon well we thought we
were headed to Home Depot to go buy a
shop vac my truck battery died now we're
just stuck in this big old city of Los
Angeles without help or hope what are we
gonna do I'm looking in the desert with
my baby I'll provide for you I'll
protect you son don't worry
actually uh my little brother Casey
lives just like a mile and half up the
road so we're gonna walk up there get
some tools go buy a battery carry it
back down to my truck and install it I
think we can do that you know why we can
do that because we're men and men get
things done like install batteries and
buy shop vacs let's do this buddy you
ready only in LA I think that's a sign
of a sword they must sell swords here I
need a good saber you know a real good
he-man sword come to this shop uh so you
guys remember a couple weeks ago when I
had left my lights on at the airport and
I had to call and get somebody to come
jump my battery well I've been lucky
that my battery has worked after that
guy jumped it I drove it home and it
recharged my battery I'm surprised that
it's lasted this long but now it has
started its last truck so we have to go
buy a new
get in the zone autozone luckily there's
an autozone only a half a mile from
where my truck died that's one good
thing about in LA there's you know shops
and stores everywhere go in here and see
if they have a battery there's one let's
just grab that all right show me you got
Rockford what'd you get you Sean sorry
Sean yeah the truck and then we're
picking out batteries other shoes what
kind of battery why here well I don't I
do the job
look who's here uncle Casey it sure is
good having your brother live a mile you
actually go watch Casey's vlog up right
looks a lot cooler from his angle I got
a kid a battery camera hi J jars you
guys go watch Casey's vlog you'll see
what I look like with a kid a battery to
camera you guys came to save the day
they gave him a free car oh no way he's
so excited about it all right spit over
buddy boy Katie pick it up let's go
no dude come on pick it up guys we'll
put in the truck three pick it up
all right here we go
come on you got to come out mr. battery
you're no good give you got a whole
socket set you know it's one of those
Christmas presents you get and you're
like okay what am I gonna do this a
cassette thanks father-in-law what you
like you know a couple weeks later
you're like but broke yep
oh great yeah it works
perfectly
yeah because without that I knew I'd
have like a crescent wrench trying to
get in there whores inks but sit here
the whole time
Oh protecting the truck are you driving
Roger driving things down Casey changing
the battery I'm making the jokes behind
the camera yeah I like that
all right new batteries in it's crazy I
feel like we have probably on the
Shaytards vlogs during the course of the
last five years change maybe four or
five batteries together have only you
guys remember guys need to get drew
laughs on the phone yeah we need a brand
deal need adder last Brant Dale do last
sent us some free batteries yes it's too
late now
just bought this one yeah keep your hand
on the battery so you Kaleigh phone this
video
forgot you could case your hair got
caught by a fan
my um truck got there but the man
batteries got a ma and rural and tools
okay dance oh look at those dance moves
dude is that a young Michael Jackson
dancing right there in the aisles of
Home Depot I think it is there is the
King of Pop right now ladies and
gentlemen okay we're back on track that
was about an hour detour to get a new
battery but we are back in business now
we've got to find the shop back so we
can suck up about 10 pounds of fake snow
on our stairs you guys see one of these
this is what I earned whoops oh oh dang
it
drop the blade this is what I earned my
living on I had one of these in my hand
probably eight hours a day dude that's
funny I miss it
Makita saw I would grind and cut and
polish granite with one of these babies
he's a big-time tool
I really miss coming to like Home Depot
and Lowe's and stuff some of you who
have been following me for a long time
you know that I used to own my own
granite countertop business and I used
to always come and like buy tools and
was always exciting don't I come on
we're gonna play the shop back right
there baby
these things are the best tool ever
cleaning up giant messes once again I
hate to start off every story with when
I did granite but when I did granite we
use these babies all the time because we
would cut the sinks out at the job site
we'd have to cut the sinks out and dust
be flying everywhere so we get one of
these rigid shop backs and we'd hold the
hose right there on the end of the blade
on the grinder and as we're cutting the
sinks out I'd just shoot granite dust
everywhere we just suck it up with this
stuff so we're gonna get this and we're
gonna suck up all that snow character
can you come help me carry this oh
that's a big that's a big vacuum can you
get it get it
come on here stop no you can do it I
believe in you oh look at you two doing
it doing it so strong all right let's
load this bad boy up
here gonna be so satisfying to suck up
that snow alright ready let's go you
guys have no idea how excited I am teeth
this baby it's so satisfying I'll show
you what I mean
okay see all that snow
every just it's so powerful it sucks it
up so good you sure look at this corner
that looks like right here love this big
dude look all that snow is like that
it's almost like I'm doing a brand deal
for these vacuums now I'm not don't buy
these
I don't care these vacuums suck they're
stupid it's so fun you don't I mean
where it's like you're cleaning up a
mess
and it just like you have the right
tools like it sucks it up like oh that's
awesome like you see the difference it's
satisfying you can't use the vacuum you
don't have opposable thumbs
silly you want to use the vacuum oh all
right Sanjar just saw me using it he
goes whoa can I try it
doesn't it look fun isn't that
satisfying why is it satisfying just
like spike yeah I see the Hat clean he
wasn't here when I was showing you guys
he's like wait okay see that now watch
it's the before and after effect so
satisfying yeah dude clean those stairs
so we needed this anyway so these stairs
were getting so dirty hey guess what bud
you just inherited a chore do the rest
of okay it's just oh okay dad because it
is bad there's no all over to play at
least somebody in this family knows how
to get comfortable zekiel
are you still with us honey see keels
bit the dodo he's alive okay all right
so nard we got what you got there what
are something on the lens I'm seeing a
weird lens flare you get a ladder who'd
you get a letter from from Grandma mom
weirdos yeah weirdos English princess
art has one of her friends from school
over
get out of here you weirdos okay open it
let's see what you got
what did you say to me right before you
got this letter said he was just sit
there looking at it goes man I love
grandmas and grandpas
what is it read it out loud what does it
say be the front you got to read all the
parts of the car you can't just look
inside of it for money I've seen that
look before it's like open it right away
see if a five-dollar bill falls out hey
penguins okay say Oh a 10-spot man
grandma's heart still a generous man on
my eighth birthday grandma gave me $35
so I guess she loves you a lot more then
go buy yourself a chain you soar with
others merely waddle congratulations so
proud of you Gavin what a great thing no
sugar for one year you are so strong I
am lucky you are my grandson love you
grandma oh that's sweet of her
that's really sweet you should call her
and tell her thank you or wait she'll
probably do tell her thanks grandma tell
her you ever I love you so much
know so much for me yeah okay give me my
parent ill payment 20% sorry bro
that's just part of it amigo a month oh
I see how it is I see how it is mom tell
him mom I went for a whole year when I
was a kid mom telling mom please
yeah you have to have a really good
voice my god are you embarrassed hide
them hey you know what that's when your
best teams have their hold on turn that
off for seconds you know that's when
your best singing comes out when
nobody's watching nobody you think
nobody's listening and you just let it
go it's true you guys if you want to
become good singers you just have to let
it go you have to dance like nobody's
watching and sing like nobody's
listening right yeah I think you're
awesome
Thanks so I just uploaded the vlog and
the majority of the comments already are
share that looks like a lot of fun how
fun was it to clean up that mess um so I
have two buddies here this guy his
name's Abraham and then his other buddy
here his name's Lincoln these two dudes
have been offered to Sun card in
exchange for the vacuum job and not
exagerating he's been working on it for
about two hours now and it's starting to
look really good
don't mind the disgusting stains because
we have five children and giant dog but
it looks like the snow is mostly cleaned
up I think you've gotten almost every
single snowflake my friend so you
probably not gonna want to be singing
that let it snow song anymore what do
you think dude cuz it's been a crappy
job cuz it been worth 10 bucks yeah how
long do you think you've been vacuuming
for well I'd say you've been going for
about two hours now look they're still
like some really fine like dust you have
to just try to keep sucking it up okay
dude but it looks good I think you got
it for the most part stairs look clean
how's that old shopback treatin ya hey
swifty well good job dude ten bucks
well-earned hi guys um I want to show
you a trick so where am I gonna say you
dad you keep doing
did he ever get out I have to have the
attention that's just ok now I need to
show you the trick
what 100 dads can own it can you tell
them why Zeke is always barking like
that and why is he mad
could you won't play with it
rustling all right what's your trick
what are you gonna do
Luffy poo I said what are you gonna do
Loulou feipu I want to wrestle you to
the death watching everybody everybody
wants my attention
what okay let's see it go what is it
Luffy Buffa's that's it you're showing
us your trick
Hera
no papi oh yeah oh yeah just missing
your sweat you want somebody told you
you calling your mother babe
I've got a good job babysitting
Colette's at scouts why are you telling
mom what are you telling her
let me see you see babe wait we're
speaker vive huh dah nothing babe
everything's fine don't worry about it
okay we'll see you later I'm beating
Zeek up okay I don't know why she called
you she thinks I'm a bad father okay
calling it's because uh it was loud and
I won just stop tattletale all right I
gotta go beat these children I love you
bye
hey bye
you call your mom and tattle on me I'm
gonna throw you on the dog
alright I'm emptying all the trash in
the house swell Colette is that Scouts
with son tard my job is to get this
house all put back together I got to put
the table back in the kitchen I got to
put the couch back in the living room
and get a whole kitchen clean so the
mommy tard comes home she is pleasantly
surprised and then she loves me because
she's like oh oh relief it's all clean
and then we can just cuddle in bed you
get mopping quit mopping my fat belly
perfecto belly get your Swiffer off me
I'm gonna hit you in the head with my
trash bag okay almost finished with the
kitchen scrub the last of the pans got
the dishwasher loaded got pretty much
all the snow vacuumed up check it out
all right the house is back together
again it's like Mary Poppins flew
through here with her magical cleaning
song put it back together oh man
Colette's gonna be so excited when she
walks through those doors doesn't look
good there's nothing like a clean house
Hansie kiyul huh Zeki puppy now we got a
Shemp with those stairs next okay guys
let's actually see if she'll say
anything when she comes home so I'm
gonna have a hidden camera here on the
chair under the table and we'll see if
she says that any when she walks in okay
she's gonna be home from scouts any
minute
I was vlogging you even though you said
goons have come out of the training do
something with me Oh mommy time do you
like to have people like by us no my
house like what like yeah and now I
don't have school I clean and dude you
know what this vacuum is the best broom
there is we're not using a broom anymore
yeah you don't know it's like food
there's always like getting in these
corners and it's such a pain so you have
like five kids
you just freak and run this thing across
the floor clean guys the best husband
ever I'm sorry ladies that you don't
have as good of husbands as I do
yeah oh I'm sorry
so you keep marriage fresh you do the
hard things you do it's love as a verb
it's not just the thing that happens you
got to do stuff countertops open lay
alone all right
get to bed 9:44 at night you guys got
school tomorrow no more watching
Despicable Me it's time to go to bed do
it it's a school night baby turns me on
and over there
some tire can barely keep his eyes open
alright see you tomorrow
my click on a video click on a video
click click click click click on a video
thumbs up thumbs up favorite thumbs up
thumbs up subscribe thumbs up thumbs up
comment click on a video hey this is jay
turkey love you check out yesterday's
long give him lucky click on lucky
button we've been making videos every
day for 5 years if you want to see what
we were doing all those who think it
appears click on this button below one
two three or four yeah love you bye
cinema
