one two three okay it'll be what's gone
i rack right ready so stop it I knew
exactly what you're saying I'm vlogging
here hey guys uh I feel giddy and have
to take a pee pee in the potty that's
gross
too much information here we are with a
durian deckhand awesome no love the
knife Knowles do you know today is
Austin the day that I'm gonna run and
feel terrible huh today's the first day
of the rest your life bro oh that's true
that too today you guys is Austin's
first day as a full-time you too bur
give around the bus
wrong Rock clapping oh okay go ahead
boys and quit your job and just uh no
wait don't do that here's the secret man
you gotta jump in with both feet and
swim like hell matter that's the story
or unlike Helena Beach yeah I'm not
barefoot Austin I used to run social
media fullscreen it's a multi network
channel multi channel that case or
something
multi-level networking you doing multi
level networking dude he used to work
for Amway you had friends that always
wanted me to get on anyway I was like
dude my parents were in truth at -
that's crazy anyways we're the beach
crew we're down here to run in the sand
we're gonna try to do six miles so you
guys down for that wait complete like
three one three back right yeah yeah
we're gonna go to the pier the vent the
Santa Monica Pier and back it's quiet
about six miles listen it might take us
a couple hours but you guys we're doing
the hard things in February okay and
it's gonna be hard and you're gonna hate
your life did you bring headphones
I didn't yeah that's yeah you guys
really messed up I'll turn my car yeah
I'm gonna just think to myself you
should just think about your life I'm
leaving this yeah yeah you do you wrote
here in my truck okay let's do this you
ready Ronald whoa what's up here we go
uh we're doing the hard things in
February check out shayloss if you want
to join the team
come on little buddy how are you I
I'm preaching to button you have to push
the buttons in the car don't you stinker
that's when you get in the car and you
have like random stations and it's like
super load blown away it's not very nice
but he loves to place button anyway
we're just hanging out in the parking
lot some of the mornings during the week
I will meet with I don't know let's try
that again
anyways so sometimes I've been meeting
with sometimes I've been meeting with
Mondays anyway me and some of the girls
that go to the church that I go to get
together to exercise like two or three
days a week it's been a lot of fun
because we get together we don't do a
planned workout it looks like one of
them a video like insanity or p90x or
something like that we'll just get
together and do that and it's been
really fun and difficult but it's great
to have like a group that kind of works
out together even though we're all have
kids we just bring our kids and let the
kids play in the gym I mean either so it
was not good for us moms are you ready
to sweat today yeah I Drive the car and
turn a focus both wipers
your stinker all right let's go sweat it
out guys sweat out those meatballs and
what else did I have mr. day for Super
Bowl
I had soda I wasn't going to do it and
then I just came like you know what it's
Super Bowl I'm going crazy I'm gonna
drink soda but it's another day
got a workout eat helping and start over
right don't give up if you take one day
off guys it's okay even towards 700 days
off you got to start somewhere so get
moving and you write and drink lots of
water and drive your car mm-hmm with
your three-year-old may I help you
send your payroll oh you talk a lot
we're talking so much for shake sit sit
go up okay shake shake shake
hey call into a good boy whoa no get
like seven feet tall like a penny more
oh you're big doggy okay so I did my run
in the beach on the sand and it was oh I
am not used to I can feel it my legs are
gonna be sore you look really good you
know after you workout you get kind of a
glow do you guys know that do I have a
coil should work out because it makes
you beautiful to have a glow I have a
glow you have a savato
like it's not just a Sun well it's okay
the blood has been rushing through your
face for a while so it you have a glow I
like to glow you're so cool I like him
you have a glove too I do hi where's
your glow you obviously haven't been
working out cuz I have pale be bayern
man what's your problem
get off your mom's leg he's mad quest
today is um you know another day where
the kids needed to make their bed and I
told him he found some gummies and I
said you can't have them unless you made
your bed cuz that's what we do is the
gummies did you make your bed you act
like you didn't make your bed Iron Man
you don't get a gummy come on go make
your bed hurry up off to make his bed
and I have to hurry and get the vlog
edited cuz mr. Sam macaronis coming over
in an hour because we have a brand deal
shoot that we're shooting today hmm you
know it's one of the things where I
don't know if I can tell you about let
you know soon it's hard look say Bettany
check us out when it sounds like editing
it's like hit it edit it and it's like
the same thing over and over again cuz
he's like cutting making cuts it's a
testament that he loves me I know I said
that before but if he can edit me he
definitely loves me isn't that Reggie
keel
all right guys all right guys all right
you guys and how many times do I say all
right you guys hold it for no cake ruzek
look cake
Rudy Rudy Rudy Rudy huh okay Rudy see I
can't I can't even be in here I have to
go out I'm walking to my now hey you're
exposing me what I'm not editing where's
Shane
oh I mean get shade in here Dana
I'm doing your job where's Shane did you
find him yet oh he's over here Shane
Shane right oh there there he is
I'm on vacation Shane could you clean it
up a little
no leave me alone woman I'm on vacation
I sent in my two weeks notice I'm out of
here
snow day these vlogs are ending anyways
this is not good job security I got to
get out here I gotta find a new editing
job anybody out there need me to daily
vlog edit Shane the editor here do you
really think that we could live without
you Shane
hey mommy tired okay anyways watch you
ditch that uh I gotta go now she's gonna
get you I'm gonna get you mama tar
that's creepy oh oh oh oh oh my god did
you use so high they saw our faces but
they didn't see the job I got
you'll get that puppy oh my god I got it
Shane edit and wrestle dogs whoa careful
I have the baby elusive me get out
Ironman help me sick oh that was good
you behave you're laughs alright
that's work alright I think I my
vacation see oh no it's gonna be a sad
day after school look no buts
neither bed today good thing your home
so you got you got an excuse you got to
make your bed last minute they didn't
make their beds do you want to make
their beds for them no I bet they would
appreciate it if you did just not you
guys if you want to do something nice
for your brothers or sisters or your mom
or dad just go make their bed for them
trust me it's gonna be surprising
they'll be like whoa we made my bed did
you make my bed you say oh yeah I just
thought I'd help you out a little and
they'll be so grateful try it today go
do it now what are you doing what did
you just tell me that you are doing it
was wasting time on the internet and
what were you looking at I'm just
looking at them first I was looking at
the celebrities without their makeup on
and I was looking at celebrities that
were born into wealthy families who are
born into athlete wealthy families um
Taylor Swift she was Kid Rock yeah she
grew up on an 11 acre farm they said Oh
would you guys ever get stuck and those
like BuzzFeed lists it's like you know
12 things that you won't believe you
know like the dumbest list and every
time you click to see a new page it's
like it refreshes a new page and it's
like more ads 6 ocean beaches that
you've never seen before
17 caves it will make your eyes pop out
of your head you're like what that's
stupid let me just click on and say you
get caught in the vortex of the Internet
what are you doing princess pray outside
doing pockets like sorrow papa
oh is that what that noise was yeah and
guess what that leaves little white
papers all over the deck guess who's
gonna sweep those up yeah you're smarter
than you look
nubs go ahead now get out there and
sweep them off are they all right um
yeah we're still making a mess we'll
clean it up later Sam's here we're
shooting above your brand deal
I was Vicki let's make a movie you want
to make movie Sam macaroni let's go to
the movie I think Jake wants to be in
one of your movies we show them Oh
should we show up that's it that's it
sorry--but don't sit so secret more on a
secret don't we sent water I'm good it's
gonna be in a minute I already drank my
gallon I'm drinking a gallon of these a
day that's a man leaving one gallon oh
it's that man water but Zeke is smelling
your buddy I'm like macaroni back here
all right we're shooting this hey Dave
Atari what have you been doing you know
have you been popping the snaps
yes mapping the pops yep you having fun
okay yeah how much ranch you gonna put
on there here at the ranch we missed it
there's awesome we missed a moment Shh
don't say that
so me and Sam came up with a great idea
to end this video but it entails
throwing the couch down the stairs and
we haven't told Colette yet so Oh
so that we got em the Sam's like talking
to me about last shot and he doesn't
want to say it because we haven't told
Colet yet and I've told Sam like it's
Clutts not gonna like that idea and so
like all day we've been like yeah we're
almost done we got one more shot left
down the blankety-blank
because like what's the O and the R so
that couch will be going down the stairs
yes I have a bad day snow Oh quiet Sam
you'll give it too much away cut the
script in your mouth oh uh it'll be
coming out soon you guys let's see we
have a lot of fun we make these videos a
lot of fun I brought cookies in your
shakers I told you get that out of here
no chocolate I don't know what are you
doing you want a cookie no okay I don't
care wait no it's on a sugar date well
should I save this or put it up yeah
okay so uh that's the couch mr. um winds
is coming out the 17th I'm not gonna I'm
just gonna upload this tomorrow you guys
see things in real time we shot it
tonight you see it tomorrow I'll remind
you these stairs have really come in
handy haven't they do we tell them about
when we did that Goldie Blox video and
we built that huge Rube Goldberg machine
on the stairs kids what happened yeah
pizza no what happened we were trying to
set it up for that main shot you
remember if it fell down before we had
the cameras on didn't it
we spent about an hour building this
giant Rube Goldberg machine up those
stairs and I like an idiot made it fall
right as we were about to shoo and the
whole thing fell down the stairs we had
to start all over
remember I just like bump something I
was like trying to set one last thing on
it and the whole thing fell down and I
beg come and yell at mr. macaroni I
didn't really could get hurt - I don't
have a stunt double for this guys we do
anything for the video and I'm just
gonna go and you'll buy me a new game
yeah but Colette has learned that over
the years if it's for a YouTube video
we'll just fix it like this later
all right team on you ready for this
right make show that was that was a lot
of good sign you ready for this d1 yes
the problem was I was trying to watch
through the camera that's not a good
okay that's not a good omen all right
here I go I'm about to ride this charity
ball oh yeah right okay here we go
um you guys I'm not gonna show you
actually what happens you have to wait
till the video comes out on February 17
there we go that's probably what's gonna
happen or read my obituary okay that's
gonna be the shot okay did you go - here
you go - camera ready one three one
three and I hit the snow
and then I'm going to go okay that's
what we do make sure that everything's
rolling every ah yeah we're rolling
we're rolling and character walking by
it is it's seven mousetrap right up okay
Marco ready okay you guys don't need to
actually see it I know you're so pou
have to wait till February 17th on the
shaycarl channel I don't think so
you want to sneak peek I'll show ya I
don't care what he says
duh let's watch it let's see what
happens what's lures could happen I hope
he breaks his leg okay we're ready
no it's just your normal just make sure
enough forget you can weird and like the
table ready just trying to get along as
tight as I can here we go be careful
when you cast because it's set to go
kind of older in place with you bastard
yeah you know you roll to the remote
okay you're rolling let me know when
you're ready you rotate camera B camera
you're only a camera - camera tell me
more tell me when you're ready shake
okay
get off you camera here one two three
but still rolling
oh my goodness okay you be careful the
kids are getting ready to make it yeah
this month is gay awesome
hey hey yeah okay
did you focus for I said oh man I did I
don't harden I bubbly for ten so it
actually other hands Max is ready
yeah okay on the count of three you guys
go so now I just jump the whole thing on
the couch
ready one two three go Wow good job
somebody's wrapping up their snow does
it where is he go get it go get it
look who's playing in the snow it's no
one in our out love me that's how you
get 1.2 million views on YouTube I'm
going home
hey you guys thanks thanks for
destroying our house again sorry yeah
yeah you leaving no I'm gonna send the
snow to you in the mail alright get it
cleaned up you little brats do you have
a moustache man man oh he's good enough
let's see the moustache baby you make it
Lisa give us to him yeah
Lisa nobody likes your moustache pinky
Lisa Nova oh oh oh yeah precious he's so
fine a baby's alright yeah we're uh
cleaning up the house look at rock
garden
oh nice one dude yeah you're really
cleaning up good job dude you're gonna
get eyeful thermia your toes are gonna
freeze off hey you guys with something
the end of another beautiful day I dunno
man once a good night night guys we're
just watching the vlog and he was
intently watching and then I paused it
took what why'd you stop it
he's already addiction to the Shaytards
vlogs what are we going to do with you
so here's the aftermath of the shoot
that we had today umm yeah look at this
I don't know how much I can tell you
about it it's a mess that's all I can
tell you about it we finally decided ok
we're going to go buy a shop back first
thing in the morning and get this
cleaned up tomorrow because it's too big
of a job for us oh oh
so yeah it's always sad anyways we love
you guys thanks for thanks for watching
and giving us another great day say hi
a baby's so ungrateful
ok let's go to bed my night I love my
wife what other wife would allow her
husband to jump the couch down the
stairs and then destroy the house with
fake snow it's probably gonna take us a
couple weeks to get all that out of the
carpet hey thanks for watching today hey
a couple announcements there's a bunch
of videos that are live that we've
worked on and I just wanted to get you
guys a heads up if you're wondering
about the vlog you mentoree documentary
we just uploaded to update videos
on the vlog you memory YouTube channel
youtube.com slash Wagyu memory if you're
wondering about an update for those you
can go check those out our video with
Steve cook my sister's boyfriend the mr.
buff studmuffin who's on the cover of
every magazine on every fitness
newsstand across the nation me and
Rhonda to work out with him that's up on
youtube.com slash world your nation I'll
leave a link to both of those vlogs
below subscribe to my buddies Austin
Anna Dorian we had a good time running
there's a shayla's video of us running
on the beach six miles in the sand
barefoot very painful click on
yesterday's vlog click on the feelin
lucky button if you want to see what the
Shaytards are doing one two three and
four years ago you can click on all
those links I think I just give you like
eight different options to go check out
probably not gonna check all those out
but if you do you get a gold star and a
kiss right on the lips for me seriously
put your lips nugs to the computer would
that be weird let me worry oh crap your
mom's coming hurry yeah turn the
computer don't go to a different video
bye
