 like your name shake
chez toi hi I'm vlogging here okay so
we're on set
are we not laugh and I don't want to
love too much because I think it'll like
make princess tarde feel self-conscious
but she's wearing this beard and I can't
stop laughing
anyways we're on set we're shooting a
video that's gonna go on youtube.com
slash that platform it's the fashion hub
for maker studios and participant is
plain little patrique who is a beautiful
bearded woman but as the little girl of
that that character so check this out
you are late fabulous girl on my side
there's any tire get to be honest how
pretty do you think your sister is Thank
You Freddy no you don't answer that
question then we got gay Jim Braley in
the background all right let's go see
these divas scabies hard what you ready
for your scene don't be excited you're
looking cute you're looking cute a beard
tart looking fabulous still wrote to the
chairs now I like it right back okay
okay Rufus your earrings look pretty
tolerant lupus Cernik ma'am
you guys ready prints it started smile
at me really big give me a shake Karl
face I guess that's good oh calling in
the boots loop is you're so cute oh
you're so wise see every time you have
to think of a math problem you do that
and it'll come to you hmm
let's see what is 4 times 5 mm I think
it's 20 let me think about this there we
go so you take one mark you guys go
watch this video I'll put a link at the
end all right so go check out the video
you guys I'll put a link here at the end
here they are patrique and little
patrique on their way to Fashion Week
London we're coming for you she nailed
it how's that beard treating your
princess tart
is it itchy I like it you guys fabulous
beard is the new thing beard is the new
black
nailed a nice that's a wrap me up give
me bounce good job
explode it alright you guys today is
been a day of cleaning and um you know
that's always fun to vlog I still
haven't gotten the laundry folded but I
will get it folded before tomorrow which
is Super Bowl but what the fours
vacuumed - that whole hey rude Zeke
anyways are you excited to go huh just
make it go back to them oh yeah I gotta
fix that hey you look fabulous fabulous
ladies had a big shoot today they're
back from their big shoot what was that
let us swagger is that a baby tard
swagger oh snap oh that's funny okay so
I promised the kids that we would go to
the park today and the Sun is going down
really quickly so we gotta hurry and get
to the park before it goes down are you
guys down oh yeah oh yeah go down the
poodle later dude hey Rob chard where
did he go Rock Todd come and tell them
where the Sun is going I said we have to
hurry go to the park before the sun goes
down here oh did you get a coat it's not
quite that cold but that's okay now keep
you warm where's the Sun going do you
know where the sun's going oh thank you
I needed to keep my hands clean where
does the Sun going and in the wagon this
guns going in the water that's where it
goes in California where does it go and
we're in Idaho it goes in the mountains
huh cuz like I don't know weirdo alright
let's go to heart
a time to play assure me to play
we're gonna talk hi
like I know you're trying to say
something I just know it Wow it's a
castle
oh yeah well and of course for this
chart of scaling the walls already and
you're hanging upside down you guys
really are monkeys don't call it monkey
waters for nothing
oh okay no let's not okay I don't think
that's a good idea
oh you are your father's daughters
that's for sure
hey little man are you having fun you're
going to go what's going on in here are
you trying to protect him from the wind
my eyes are trying for heavens from
Mokpo Troy I remember the other kid
having blue grayish eyes these are like
super blue huh did telling some little
story please nothing so much oh I just
want to get at me so cute
and of course how long have you been
hanging like this I feel like I've
looked over a few times and you're still
hanging upside down if you need help no
are you sure he's scaling the rock walls
of the castle are you going to go rescue
a damsel in distress yeah yeah
do you know what if counsel is yeah are
you going to kiss her
yeah yeah no he knew what that meant
I'm kissing anyone gross mom okay guys
so we're out of park and if you look
closely after a little bit of pink and
black and that's princess hard and maybe
tired right what'd you guys do real
crack times to crack I am gonna flip so
I'll go back down okay bye bye
we'll see how big it is from whoa that's
a nice view
it's the park yeah okay so okay bye bye
okay what are you doing that I made a
cake even how you pick the ladder okay
okay up for us for dessert
yeah oh you're like handles baby this is
baby tarts creation for us we do it in a
candles wait okay wait Jeanette first
there's peanut butter and jelly and
sprinkles and a little bit of frosting
it's marshmallow it's adorable
alright I'll hope you like I'm okay
everybody's down to all of us happy
birthday yay blown out make a wish
happy unbirthday to all of us you don't
wanna blow you did blow them you were
helping thank you baby tard that was
very good it's gone okay thank you
wait girl like Oh what do we do hey guys
so we're getting ready for the Super
Bowl ball is Tim oh sorry I've made the
doghouse thing it's for putting this
chair in the corner losing the baby
that's so oh my gosh yes what two three
four like when you're not pregnant you
can look everything
I chose to be share I'd get the ground
chair when we heard about this table of
the deaf Amina so we're going to fix it
for the Super Bowl Heisey yeah right if
it's super the Super Bowl so everybody
and Brandi gage will come over and
Austin and Brittany and Ryan and his
girl so see there where's the girls son
tard go tell him to come here real quick
hurry
goldieblox
yeah they got a suit they wanted a prize
that's the brand deal we did girls
where'd they go Tim Tebow's and more
commercials uh describe what a Super
Bowl Sunday and by what a Super Bowl
Sunday I mean how boring was that game
you guys let us all collectively pray
for my little sister Carly styles she
had a rough Super Bowl Sunday she it's
not very happy with the Seahawks victory
any of you guys know my sister Carly
Stiles she's a huge Denver Broncos fan
so all of you in the mile-high area I
apologize go Seahawks it was quite the
game I didn't care who won I just really
wanted it to be a good game which it
wasn't we had a pretty crazy house we
had let's see our five kids
Casey's two kids Awesome's two kids we
had nine kids running around the house
it was a crazy day I love you guys it's
Monday oh oh so the video with Princess
hard and the beard and baby tart it will
be up on the 6th of February of course I
will tweet it and Facebook it and let
you guys know when it's live but if you
guys want to go subscribe to YouTube
calm
on there on the 6th and it should be
hilarious I cannot wait to see the final
edit of it it should be really good so
head on over there I'll believe a link
below youtube.com slash the platform
subscribe and that video will be out and
it'll be hilarious click on yesterday's
vlog the feeling lucky button to see
what the traders are doing one two three
or four years ago today why is it
beeping let me guys see you tomorrow
