did you see that but the site is pretty
beautiful too
hey everybody one take Sunday who
remembers these anybody remember these
wanna hike and we wanted to talk to you
guys here on October 2nd the very first
day of the rest of our lives
this is the day the day we start on
March 5th this is the beginning of the
end
um I don't know if we'll do one take
Sunday's every Sunday let's keep going
guys
but we figured since we're up here
camping don't have very good Wi-Fi I'm
just gonna make a short video to get
this next five months kicked off if you
guys are still like wait what's going on
go watch our podcast we try to explain a
lot of it and then of course we're going
to be talking obviously every day
because we're vlogging every day for the
next five months until March 5th when it
becomes my 37th birthday and now we're
going to take a year off
look hey camera number five thank you oh
man eat my heart it makes my heart swell
up inside my body so don't be scared
guys it's it's gonna be good we need it
our family needs to have less eyeballs
and less pressure we just want to be
together and it's gonna be great it's
gonna be fun Amy are you nervous what
are you guys nervous about you're so
brave we did say that we might do a 2017
Christmas special and Gavin was even
saying that maybe we should do birthday
vlogs I'm not guaranteeing anything
what last name we do there's bears over
there you get it get a bear watch out
with the Bears
um so I'm a little nervous about this
actually this is new for me too and I
all of a sudden throw all this pressure
to like even and I said it in the Tesla
the other night I'm like I'm going to
compete with Roman Atwood
no sex after I said that I'm like oh I
don't want to do that that seems like
hard never compare yourself is the life
goal only if you have to compare only
compare yourself with your best previous
self it is nothing but sadness and
disappointment when you compare yourself
to somebody else and think like I'm not
where they are and I should destined oh
man when two-year-olds walk through mud
puddles up to their knees no biggie
anyways um help me out here this is a
one taker way this puddle dachshund just
walked through this entire puddle I
missed it
look at him they're not waiting for us
there we go
are you nervous about taking a year off
talking about this like oh I mean you
get attached to something we've been
doing it for so long it's like you don't
even know what life would be without
doing it mm-hmm but that's what that's
why we need to do it
I mean that's why we started the reason
I started doing this is I was like what
would it be like you know to live out
loud on purpose on camera and then it's
like well you know we did that and we
want to kind of take it up take it easy
now anyway so we appreciate you guys the
support and don't think it's like oh
yeah I mean I've seen the comments like
oh you just got all this money now
you're gonna leave us Shay we're not you
know Colette still gonna have her
channel I'm not going anywhere
I just need to take some time to myself
in my family anyways I'm not going to
like justify the decision to you guys
this is the decision it's going to
happen so if you don't like the decision
there's a lot of other stuff on the
internet I'm not like get out here to
watch our videos anymore if you're mad
at us I'm just saying be fair think
about how we feel just put yourself in
our shoes and - turns muddy shoes
I mean it's fun yes we love it and we
feel so privileged to have you know so
many people watch us and be able to do
so many cool things and travel places
and whip our brothers but it's a lot of
pressure sometimes guys and I make it
makes me nervous you know what my kids
and anyways we love you guys it's gonna
be okay I'm gonna zoom in real bad and
these next five months are gonna be
pretty epic I think I don't know we'll
see but I hope you guys are having a
great Sunday we're gonna be on this hike
if you need us we will not be available
but I'm gonna upload this right now when
we get back and then it begins we'll see
you guys tomorrow five months of
Shaytards daily vlogs also I'm gonna
commit to having them up at 2:30 p.m.
mountain time and you know I'm not gonna
say though I was gonna say they're all
gonna be 20 minutes long but that's
gonna force it sometimes if you have to
get 20 minutes so the vlogs only 14 it's
only 14 if it's 22 it's 22 and you're
gonna like every second of it no it
doesn't looks alright should we step in
a puddle to to channel our inner
two-year-old ready yeah do it right yeah
I got paid CEO look at the back of your
pants okay
love you guys we're out of here okay see
you tomorrow look at the clouds again
how do you turn these things off I never
could figure that out
