okay one take Sunday let's do this
we're watching the Super Bowl rootin for
football and we're watching commercials
this is the Cheerios commercial wait a
minute what the wife's white and the
husband's black that is it a proline I
know I messed up I don't grab in
terrestrial couplers should be the wife
should be black and the husband should
be white
that's how you do it so I've been
advocating for per year that's got show
me I messed it up look we got black and
white babies together
oh that is pretty cute guys watch some
Cheerios
forget him suppose what do you he's
watching the game he's like bro you can
watch the game it's over here
Casey all right it's a Super Bowl party
I'm wrong here yeah Bulls there's all
kinds of all these Mo's there's no it's
my favorite Bowl this is a homemade
fresh salsa
it's delicious they just made it it's
perfect
yeah rewind it pause it Kappa what's
what it are a dude which ones
no no oh it's right here after hair
rewind let's pause it you guys oh man we
can't even just you guys are messing up
these are messing up our Super Bowl
experience we have to this is like the
RadioShack 100 Colgan Chucky Shh okay so
that's like all those things okay what I
wait pause right after the Cheerios
commercial that's where we stop watching
right here wait what's that one say that
was your positive oh wait let me do one
take sunday first case case we just
watched you at row just leave applause
real quick hurry do something one take
Sunday Danno we're like watching okay
Casey actually has a $50 bet with Carly
I've spot five and Carly's probably
screaming it hardly gets so upset and
mean
about football games that's why I'm
sharing the Ginsburg's I'd like to see
her get upset me when we put 50 bucks on
this like in September she was like
Darren wins Super Bowl I'm like no
they're not I need to start tweeting
there dude I I did once I went to them
when they first play the game when they
got a say what'd she say did she reply
let's talk about boom in two hours but
I'll do anything to spice this water
propionate they're gonna spice it up I'm
gonna spice it up I'm gonna go very bad
what are you doing oh wow okay we need
some squid we go I just made your blog
term Zeke because like I had a horrible
New Year and it goes shakin haha I've
never seen caramel colored pants like
that tort dude you have our mustard
young man out of nothing because it's
all the rage these days
Oh Brittany we usually just put them in
the crease of the couch and he hangs out
there here hold this I got it I got
seriously every time it's like the couch
hold dude that's a good deal right there
use that crack of the couch it works
every single time who you were who you
vote who you want to win the Super Bowl
Bravo's Broncos get Johnny Five Brendan
Murphy now I was born in Denver were you
in for ha who ever liked her happy yet
the Lakers yeah Ron who do you like to
win the Superbowl
what's up what'd you like to win the
Superbowl that green one is telling guys
tell me what you did what heinous
eight-piece my dear you did lots of
vegetarian yeah did you like it it was
I'll be honest it was pretty good good
they're gonna burn year old I can turn
back which one's your dear you brought
your dear that's when I gave you earlier
oh yeah that was good what did you make
it
and then it's my dears mommy little
smokey deer meat and little slum ease I
actually did have it was really good
Casey killed this animal that we're
having right now on Super Bowl Sunday
the videos up it's up from last year
link that now yeah okay link it will
they get this prison start that's a deer
that your uncle Casey shot yeah that's
right from the croc Pablo huh I was by
like hot lava on your tougher Bailey who
do you want to win a Super Bowl
God what is the oxygen when could you
watch win the Superbowl
see you what are you eating Maddie
brownie we haven't even eaten food yet
you want to win a Super Bowl you want
chips to him alright the chips win
I think Doritos actually might have had
the funniest Super Bowl commercial yet I
like it like that deer in the mountains
he got in the mouth oh hey
are you rooting for in the Super Bowl
those Broncos go Broncos I just want to
be a good game that's all I care about
you want a good competitive game mommy
taro you're rooting for Bronco dude
we're really not making it easy to I'm
also rooting for happiness and not out
today that homemade salsa is delicious
I've been dipping into that a lot it's
really yeah all the kids we need aronia
she who made him Brittany you brought
the pizza bites and the brownies their
help is over get outta give me ten
push-ups do them okay that's one takes
Sunday we're party and we're eating
we're watching and laughing and having a
good day I hope you guys have good day
and and nobody else where I desert
you're the only one you're the best I
love you guys
one-take sunday we're having a great day
it's all about being together with
family and friends right zekiel zekiel
has been banished to the backyard
because he's jumping on the children and
the children don't like that there's a
puppy I love you
y'all recommend watch a Super Bowl
you're a good boy alright we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye-bye
