hi I'm login here hey guys so I'm out
shopping and looking for some step for
Prince's tart has a shoot tomorrow and
I'm looking for some outfits for her to
use for the shoot and I needed to feed
the baby and I couldn't find anywhere to
sit in this store so I'm sitting on the
floor right next to the swimsuits and
there's my cart and some some items I
picked for the shoot and feeding the
baby sitting on the floor and I was
thinking to myself I did not feel weird
at all doing this I know in the past I
would have been like what I'm sitting in
the middle of the store and I'm feeding
the baby this is really weird who's
gonna see me they're gonna all get it
judge me think I'm really weird I was
sitting here thinking huh how come I
don't feel embarrassed I think it's you
guys you've helped me overcome my fear
of being in public and doing random
things that aren't normal
so thank you anyways and now I'm talking
to a camera sitting on the floor nursing
my baby in the middle of the apparel
section in the store yep this is getting
weirder and you know what I have to say
to that yellow I hate that term I'm
sorry but I had to use it cuz this is
one of those moments yellow oh my
goodness check it out oh there's got a
lot of things and they don't have bags
anymore I forgot I just like left it all
on the hangers just hang it on the cart
I got a lot of things and I spent a lot
of money but whatever they don't decide
to use for the shoot I will take back I
was just like oh oh I didn't okay that
was a lot of money but yeah we're taking
it back no worries honey don't think I'm
a crazy spending spending 80 hey little
man hi did you enjoy our shopping trip
yes you did is you got some milk in the
middle of it ladies and gentlemen I
present to you the bicycle performed by
princess are deput Arden a rock come on
now is your moment to shine go someone's
bound to lose a finger or a leg in this
travesty yeah what is going on I came
here for a performance where's the axe
well go go you wouldn't need 29 minutes
you were just doing it go right the show
is lame all right
Tapani I was awesome good job
time for swim again and son Todd is
racing on the ball you guys are in
college I believe when they're dribbling
the ball across the school
I was talking to him the other day about
swim and it's a really tough sport but I
have never ever heard him complain about
he loves doing it and I love that he
loves it because sometimes you know kids
even though they love doing something
they get tired of it and they complain
about it like sometimes the girls
complain about gymnastics just as I've
been doing it for a long time they get
tired but he has never ever complained
about swim one time he's so excited to
go every single time and I love it
all right it's time for push-up time for
push-up this little baby loves to watch
the water Sparkle kill the water Sparkle
oh all right they're practicing
wherever he's older sibling up together
passing it up to
course
I'm actually getting really excited for
his game it's coming up in like a week
he's gonna have his first water polo
game and I'm excited it's gonna be
intense
I can just see it dude it's time to
party Friday night the mood is right and
we're gonna go out and party party party
party party party party for DePorter
 that was rude
that was rude dude attitude you ready go
eat yeah I'll go to the movie why do you
call it a movie listen my Goldie hey I
want to go to the movie I ain't going in
loopy no v Tet the end of it I don't
know why but for whatever reason he says
I wanna go to the movie and he calls the
sandwich a sandwich
the fand which at the movies because our
noxus who taught you that
yeah hey you guys know today is I mean
it is Friday but you guys know what else
today is nope well it is also Friday and
the first day of the rest of our lives
you know what else today is today is
your uncle Logan's birthday you guys
know that he turned 19 years old today
and he's in Buenos Aires Argentina
sweating what if I went out and taught
the gospel of Jesus Christ all their
last letter he said that a lady in their
work was going to make them okay okay
she's a great cook so so happy birthday
Logan from your buddy
I remember the day he was born I was 15
years old I was in ninth grade in junior
high and I remember my mom called me and
said I'm having the baby today and I was
like it's crazy a little brother was 15
years old and my little brother Logan
was born right yeah I was there I went
there I had just gotten my driver's
license and I thought it was so cool and
I actually drove to the hospital to see
my mom have my baby brother he's crazy
yeah I did I don't know if I was there I
think I was in the room I can't remember
yeah I'm pretty sure it was mom was I
there mom call me tell me if I was there
you sound crazy different I was seven or
eight or nine or ten I can't member
follow every go hey baby
you are not Lumbees name that movie you
were not love beef Oh anybody anybody
because this crazy bunch up here can see
that that's enough let's go eat some
food so we're getting some dinner at
Eastland Bank can you say that no rat is
land better gamer number
no listen listen carefully we're at a
slammed back again burger it's actually
called island matter here we are all
right we're getting burgers and I think
we're gonna go see frozen again
sip your lip a long time so movie twice
yeah well to celebrate 1 million views
on do you want to build a snow face
we're gonna go see frozen one more time
is that cool with you and during that
song we'll all sing along do you want to
get hit in the face with a snowball the
Olaf again I missed him he's the best
part of that whole movie mark my words
Olaf will have a spinoff and if he
doesn't Disney's missing out on a huge
cash cow because blob was hilarious he
made that movie and if he doesn't get
his own movie then I'm gonna boycott
Disney I say Olaf needs his own movie
there they are the real men of the
National Basketball Association Jerry
Sloan Karl Malone John Stockton
look bro tard ha man I wish I was there
tonight
I'm jealous if anybody was at the solid
game there he is the mailman Karl Malone
dude
that's his name that's his nickname
because he always delivers except for
when it comes to NBA championships oh
that's why I grew up watching that was
my big as my favorite player other than
John Stockton he always got a root for
the short white guy in the NBA
I think jerk you can't hold John
Stockton
his name's bro tard well we're all red
right now honey was really hot right he
was all right there Jerry Sloan Karl
Malone huggin Jerry Sloan has one more
games with one team than any other coach
in history that quote that's so cool
they got to be good ones you don't get
the I see ten of them ten push-ups that
was at ten ten push-ups for the movie
theater concession stand and they said
if they they wanted to get in I see
definitely push up for their eye sees
think there's eleven plus one butt crack
I saw I did ten okay
I'm get a nice eight how me do yeah I do
seven work I think our team work team
nice alright you can get an icy I told
what they do ten push-ups they can get
an icy we're weird yeah I see okay
you're gonna get down give me ten
push-ups no all right you're still cute
though
love you order a smile one of the watch
frozen again game girl you're watching
the movie girl yeah girl I like your
popcorn can you believe there's nobody
here I was actually gonna say there's
nobody here because it's an old movie
it's been out for a while I'm that way I
know we're here all by ourselves in the
movie theater your brain freeze do your
brain freeze did you get a brain frozen
do you want to have a brain freeze you
can suck the Slurpee in your mouth your
brain will get hypothermia and you'll
die because you cannot handle it this is
not a very good song but I'm singing it
trying to entertain you
yeah we're the only ones in the theater
it's cool dude if you fall down I'm not
taking you to the hospital faster than
man that's pathetic let me help you
girls don't fall honey
come get your kids I'm gonna help him
out all right weird a rock guard go
we're goin P typical party leader of
nine Tony Awards including Best Musical
oh the Book of Mormon extended through
May 11th to the Pantages Theatre in Los
Angeles tickets on sale now visit
Ticketmaster dot-com hmm let's go see
that okay you guys read the book of
mormon read it then go see the plan they
read The Book of Mormon
good boy you're a missionary do you
wanna build a snowman or ride our bike
around the halls need some company is
overdue I've started talking to the
pictures on the wall empty rooms the
clock tick tock tick book
you're almost justice funny
just about oh you're embarrassing Nobu
hallway who do you guys think
embarrasses who more do I embarrass the
kids more or do the kids embarrass me
more I think we're kind of a team of
obnoxiousness that is just out in public
you know we try not to annoy people but
maybe we do sometimes we're just like
having fun you know it is a family happy
Saturday - yeah click on yesterday's
vlog if you're feeling lucky I mean and
when are you not feeling lucky does that
a thing do people feel lucky I just a
lucky day again I'm too local boy
lottery ticket click on radars vlogs 1 2
3 4 years ago Wow today is February 1st
if you saw my shayloss video yesterday
you know that today is all about doing
the hard things and I've done a good job
so far I'll update you on Shayla stay
tuned click on the feeling lucky button
week week nudge nudge thumbs up the
video we love you'll see tomorrow
