hi login here baby and I are out
shopping today it's a little crazy here
at Costco actually never seen it this
backed up there's so many people waiting
to check out so glad that we finish
early because he started getting fussy
and we got to go pick up the kids from
school it's one of those crazy days
where I'm like okay we just have to
breathe instead of getting frustrated
everybody just has to breathe in your
mouth so that's what we're doing now
we're just breathing and relax and don't
talk to me mom you made me maybe sit in
that car I couldn't get out and play hey
guys so we're back from Casco it's not
an interesting like social thing that we
do like there were so many people there
and everybody was in a hurry to go
somewhere and everybody's just standing
in line just like just angry like genius
like me you know what I mean it's really
interesting I was like we're all there
together we all know what it's been like
we've all been to the same thing why
can't we all just learn to relax right
it's like a very stressful situation for
everybody but what I was grateful for
was I was in line and I was holding the
baby and I had him like this I was
trying not to like be stressed out
because he was crying and I was trying
to check out and this lady came up to me
and started helping me she's around
hugging me put the stuff on the the
thingy you know I thought how nice is
that we all need to do that for each
other what I need gilad trips no I hit
the chips because we're saving them for
Super Bowl Sunday boo-boo I bought some
chips and he really wants to eat them
but we're saving them for Super Bowl are
you guys having a Super Bowl party this
weekend
we're just having a few people over
course Casey and Caylee and little bro
tard huh I'm just gonna make a bunch of
like appetizers or anything
I'm not like huge like cooker oh and I
don't want to mess up you know what I
mean like I thought I should try making
wings then I was like never mind I'll
let somebody else do that
my Gibson dude can you quit scaling the
wall yeah the pantry wall I know we're
gonna make dinner okay and then you can
eat some foods are you a monkey scaling
the cabinet okay you're my food monkey
around so anyway I was really grateful
for that lady for helping me out so if
you watch the vlogs lady who helps me
thank you so much and maybe you guys
should do that for somebody today if you
get in that stressful situation where at
the grocery store you're standing in
line everybody stressed out maybe you
could find an opportunity to lighten the
mood or help somebody out or you know
something like that because it really
helped me out a little bro tard isn't so
cute it's an earthquake
okay where are we headed what are we
doing maker studios why are we going to
maker studios no I don't know if you're
supposed to say I'm gonna cut it I'm
have to cut that out it's a secret I
don't know if it's a secret I don't know
sometimes I just we'll ask Ali when we
get there okay
so we're headed to a meeting at maker
studios for Prince's tard because she
just got cast and upcoming role are you
excited yeah and she asked to act like a
little brat and I told her this is her
script she's been going over her lines
and I told her I said this basically the
way you need to act in the script is the
way that I never want you to act in real
life I think I should cut my hair that's
actually one of her lines from the
script um so a lot of you guys have been
commenting on my youtube channel they
like bread to start get her own channel
and her a snowball song what's your song
you want to build a snow face do you
want to build a snowman that has a
million views on it a 1 million can you
believe it you have a video you have a
music video cover that has a million
views on it
good and like a hundred and sixteen
thousand thumbs up that's incredible
because that shows the interaction of a
hundred and sixteen thousand people were
willing to push a button that said they
liked your singing that cool that's
pretty cool hot um with as far as like
letting princess heart get her own
channel not yet I really get nervous
like as a parent I want them to like
live as normal
normal quote unquote whatever normal is
of a life as possible and I don't want
her to turn into the next you know
Disney teen star that goes off the deep
end because they get more than they
should before they should get it does
that make any sense yeah well you're not
an adult and you're not a parent and you
don't know what I'm talking about
but trust me when I say I am guiding
your life for your best interest
okay do you want to be a superstar do
you want to have your own channel like
what do you want to do yes better yet
exactly Amen sister hallelujah just got
such a good shoulder on her head wait
switch it reverse it such a good head on
her shoulders uh why don't you not want
to be a big superstar yet 150 when
you're 15 that's when you want to be a
big superstar yeah might as well wait
till you're old because I want to like
learn how to upload a video okay
save up a little bit more money why you
gonna save up money cuz I like to buy
gummy bears Mabel anyways so we just
kind of take it one step at a time
little by little and you know make sure
that our kids you know grow up with some
sort of normalcy I guess as normal as
you can get living in a family of daily
vloggers my friends okay so tonight I'm
trying something different I'm gonna
make lemon chicken with capers
I love capers I'm obsessed with them
lately anyway so I'm gonna make lemon
chicken with capers and we have a lemon
tree so I'm gonna pick this woman do
that nice a nice big one right there
we need that lemon for our lemon caper
sauce hey can you help me pick a lemon
yeah will you get it for me
okay all right can you get that that
lemon for me right there and yeah can
you do that for me to clean one no the
yellow one the big yellow one that one
oh okay okay you're gonna have to get up
my shoulders okay you ready
you ready okay I'm doing this one-handed
let's see like another one okay okay but
this time did it work hurry up there get
there get your leg around can you get
the big yellow one oh trying to get lime
oh no we're not quite tall enough I
don't quite know enough okay I'm gonna
have to put the camera down so we can
get a lemon hold on I'm gonna put you
guys right here can you see okay let's
get the lemon get on ready grab your
hand
no look away bad guys what okay thank
you
all right like we need to bring in some
troops okay I got a stool that's gonna
help us move lemon hi you are so
beautiful oh come on in heaven this is a
giant lemon it's gonna be awesome we
could be best buddies no no
why energy huh
do you want her you're the Snowden like
dear boy hey you're you know is this
looking at you just now I thought were
just looking tan girl a girl is a dang
girl
yeah like you should be excuse it
oh snap I'm gonna get a piss watch this
fist it's gonna go right in your nose
sir what are you making for dinner
well I'm attempting to make lemon caper
chicken and baby dry says mom what's the
caper go I'll show you in a minute so
guys and then upstairs we wouldn't use
trying to scare me it's not gonna happen
this time
buddy he's always trying to scare me
he's almost tall as you are
what is that I don't know you really go
now
no so we went we went to maker studios
and with your princess turns lines for
her shoot this Saturday she nailed it
they were the director was like going
through the lines with her and he was
cracking up he's like you're so perfect
for this role of a money what is that
for many of them then I got my possum I
got Fairfax you want to touch it
those pushy by golly Miss Molly look at
them Tomatoes those are big who's
rooting for the Super Bowl
oh this is actually for some homemade go
Super Bowl we're making homemade salsa
on Sunday for the Super Bowl that's what
these Tomatoes before this you all of
you gives your future salsa yeah this is
gonna be in your mouth anybody who has
salsa on Sunday is gonna have my dirty
hands on them yeah
salsa Sunday for the Super Bowl I'm
super excited
hey oh actually so he asked me a
question they wanted to know if that
strawberry stem here let's see if we can
find out yeah but there it is
since I've cleaned them no because
remember when Princess ours in the
fridge the other day she took a bite of
this strawberry and she put that there
and somebody I saw on a comment found it
guys don't worry we found it whoo that
was a close one
we saved you strawberry stem and now you
have to go in the garbage
sorry that was a short-lived excited me
yeah the funny thing is is 400,000
people saw her do it
I saw it in editing I thought show Brad
just put that strawberry stem in the
thing of the fridge Oh Zeke you'll know
for you I love you you guys the store's
a lot better that's like doesn't look
better top it does look a lot better
though the skin is going back love you
love you puppy boy
Oh Oh just filming my cover of doing
bills no man like the best cover I've
ever heard these runs away oh no no be
gentle hey daddy be gentle hey a mirage
are just came up stairs I was on my
computer doing some work and he comes
upstairs dad come vlog this hey what did
you learn how to say come vlog this in
yesterday's vlog you wanted to vlog your
bed that you made smell it okay oh that
smells so good what are you cooking
we then chicken you're making chicken
yeah you're such a good chef you want to
go and be a cook
yeah do you like cooking you're a good
helper he really does doesn't he what
are you doing now okay do this slows
dangerous
well it's awesome it's um chicken
parmesan with capers and the lemon sauce
goodness me look at this you guys no
idea how get this smells right now Wow
ah like it was meat mallet that you
pound the meat with to make it visible
so it's really not as thin as all your
just come out to me dude my meat mallet
what I read that part out you're a good
helper I love you
you
go son tarde is actually working on his
own cover he has a song he's working on
that he wants to sing like princess
tardes so he's practicing at what are
you doing when I shooting me with what
is that what are you shooting daddy with
wait a minute what is this does this go
pop nothing what milk out of each eye
all this your baby boy try all this here
let's see if this will fit on you I'll
wear it no get out of here weirdos quit
shooting your mom's milk pump put it
away looks like a gun to me he says
so I just flipping through the channels
on television and I have literally never
once in my entire life watched dr. Drew
on TV I was flipping through the
channels I'm like wait a minute I think
some youtubers are gonna be I'm dr. Drew
because I just recently seen Olga Kay
and Kaleb nation tweeting that they're
gonna be on this I hit dr. Drew show
right as I sit down hey Caleb the
weirdest thing just happened to me I was
casually watching television and then
during the commercials suddenly I saw
this
Goga
yes hey hey guys hey guys I know them
hey I know these guys you're like my
best buddies
they haven't told me what the topic is
yet but no matter what it is I'm sure
they'll be probably a lot of hand
movements we all probably make this face
about the objects to be with you dr.
bros oh that's cool
social media stars back with Jenny and
she good for a serious hook social media
stars I do love that guy that's cool
that's awesome Caleb's on dr. drew his
own uterus channel with you the host
Caleb nation we're coming for you TV now
it's cool that's really cool okay back
at the dinner table again with the shade
turns man hey job boo it's like we've
done this before alright here's what we
had tonight Caesar salad with lemon
chicken and capers with noodles and
tomato wedges by golly it's yummy
well it's a first that we've made in
this house and is success you outdid
yourself that's always a good feeling
when something you make as a success
sometimes it's not well it's delicious
and rocked art helped out too good job
buddy thanks for helping big dinner good
good yeah now pour the Apple to the
drinkers on your head good job now get
some bud my friend a very happy Friday
to you ladies and gentlemen thanks for
watching the Shaytards vlogs click on
yesterday's vlog if you missed the
fun-filled action you want to see oh
actually a very important video on the
feeling lucky button today I just
uploaded a very important announcement
about how I'm gonna live my life over
the next 28 days click on that feeling
lucky button and get motivated you want
to see what the shades are doing exactly
one year ago today well guess what you
can do that there's a button to push two
three and four were all dared for the
last five years every day please
subscribe thumbs up the video love you
guys
