hi I'm log in here I let him get it
pull pull along with two hands don't let
him get it from you you gotta be strong
you got it oh you got it from ya go get
it
don't let him get it from you you're
strong you're he-man you're Batman
you're all of the man's spider-man tough
man take the rope from the dog man
that's you dude get it from him don't
hit him
just get that rope pull it from him come
here from him oh you distracted him
don't poke him in the eye be Isis Oh get
it get it they've been fighting for like
20 minutes
and I couldn't find the camera let him
get it let him bite it and then you let
him see if you can pull it from you do
give me that thing you can't get it from
me you can't get it from me I got it on
the Superman all right he's fun there's
such a strong Babri questions like this
nope sit sit whoa look at that hop huh
that was a good hop rocked hard get it
from him pull it pull it
who's gonna win well let's see you get
it from him can you get it from him
these two arms Oh
don't let him get it from you dude
two arms pull just six wins he's strong
huh six when you get it from him yeah
get it from
get it how come did you come bite me you
won't bite you think he's gonna bite you
oh oh you got it he's taunting you
oh now you're taunting him you go get
Izzie you're gonna take that from him
fine to watch
don't hit him be nice to him be nice
Nina comb his hair yeah komuz hair up
telephone who is it okay it's time to
open the gummies do you want to tell
them where you got this yeah one time
where you bought it where'd you get it
yeah you gotta eat it yeah you got it
because you helped make your bed right
yeah you couldn't make your bed you
don't get any so we have a new rule at
our house a couple new rules actually
had family home evening we talked about
having order in the home which made
three new rules I mean I'll tell you one
of them right now what do you want to
show up and my bed you're showing your
bed Oh love you made it in the best way
a three-year-old knows how to make his
bed that's awesome high five yeah I
block it you what a book you're yes you
are Brock you are rock hard no I pluck
huh a pluck oh you've long yeah yeah you
want a blog here turn off the camera oh
hi guys
so what we want to tell them is our new
rule is that we have to make our beds
every morning as soon as you roll out of
bed even before you get dressed or go
potty you make your bed right cool
that's what we're telling them don't
push any buttons okay and then you guys
see me okay yeah and then sometimes not
every time but if you make your bed you
just might get a treat my mom used to do
this for me and my brothers and sisters
and I remember sometimes Hey
wait over here okay all right thanks
thanks I remember sometimes I didn't
make my bed but my sister made her bed
so she got a treat and I didn't so
that's why you have to make it every day
it doesn't mean you'll always get a
treat but just in case the treat fairy
comes around there's not really a
favorite it's really me I'm like okay
anyways then you might get a treat so
that's what we're doing thank you
cameraman he's a great job and luckily
some tard made his bed it looks a little
worn because he's jumping in it but
that's okay
he made his bed so he gets a gummy and
then the girls also made their bed so
we're doing good but it's time to go get
them now
Hey goodness Ben Gunn okay slowly what
are these you have alien fingered on
your belly
I love you hi
I got a secret smile I love you
we're going to get the kiss and he loves
to go with me mommy oh you want to tell
them what is going on why um Centaurus
sad yes son turtle and why I'm jumping
for joy my wig is your bra cause it
would be good you know more fur no ideas
oh that's it Oh squishy oh my I need it
for my story okay tell us your story so
much Troy
so I just basically I was bored so I got
my whoopee cushion and I just slipped on
my shirt and I shrug by people my
furniture self the worst thing about it
is it's a wreath like it inflates itself
yeah so you can do it over and over and
over again which he does hmm all the
time anyways rather than get to 100
offers and I just walked up to him turn
around did it and then walked away then
he was like oh nasty
yeah is it a boy or girl that's gross
dude have some manners okay I sure don't
miss an end
well hey you guys so look what Mommy
tart did the other night during our
family home evening we had a lesson
about a house of order and we talked
about how we need to work as a team
because we're a family that we need to
all work together to keep the house
clean so one of the things that Colette
said the kids are all kids home is that
if they could make their bed that every
once in a while they'll get a treat on
it hey oh hey hey you made your bed baby
her make her bed did she get a treat
well she got a peach what it broke my
sad story your fart machine broke yes oh
well to where Barton so much you
wouldn't have ripped a hole in your
farts finger that's weird yeah what and
I can't really smells like one cuz you
walked in you got home from school
baby tart looks like you made your bed
this morning before you left huh what
does that mean
and she not everyday but if you're lucky
you might get a treat job yeah so mommy
Turner was telling the kids that when
she was a little girl better go check
your bed when Colette was little girl
they had to make their bed and every so
often if they made their bed their mom
would surprise them with a treat on
their bed so she put some gummy things
on their bed today because they made
they all made their beds for they went
to school today come on kid pick up
Dodie
I gonna pick up them girls from the
gymnasium they're doing a gymnastic so I
have a question for you I think the
girls are great at gymnastics princess
tart is daring they're strong they like
gymnastics but just you know I don't
like they're ever gonna go to the
Olympics we're just we're never gonna
like take it serious enough to put that
much time into it because I wanted to be
more well-rounded than just like you're
gonna go to gym five days a week in
order to become like an Olympic champion
you got and you got a like a full time
job for kids I know there's kids to go
to this gym for like twenty thirty hours
a week and I just rather my girls do
other things so I question is this do
you think that them going to gym helps
them in their life at all I mean if
they're never gonna become Olympic
champions or they may never even compete
do you still feel like it's beneficial
for them to go to gymnastics you know
even just for a couple years I would
like to think that it is you know it
teaches them hard work and I feel like
it will help them with flexibility and
if they want to play sports later on
that they will be strong because they
condition those little girls they have
to climb ropes do push-ups and all kinds
of stuff because sometimes it's just
like man I'm like we're always picking
up these kids from activities you know
centaur and he just finished swimming
now he's doing water polo so it's like I
like that though like I want them to
have a variety of opportunities I want
them to be able to try different things
and I think at the end of the day that's
probably what's most important is that
we give them opportunities just to do
different things because you know maybe
they'll find one that they're like this
is it I love this I just want to give
them a wider range of things that they
can try and be a part of an experience
sometimes I get sick of picking them up
everyday it's like that's our full-time
job sometimes okay I'm gonna drop some
dart off the water Pole you go pick up
the girls then we're gonna stop for
dinner and they have to take Rock charge
was archery lessons because he's gonna
do some basket weaving a towaway he's
sleeping he's not going to any of those
things Zeke I'm taking you to your
French class after this okay
because your what the French called and
it is it called picked home if there's
any parents out there who have a couple
kids and know what I'm talking about as
far as running to soccer practice and to
ballet into piano lessons you know it
can be a full-time job and it can be
very stressful sometimes and you kids
out there should be grateful for your
parents taxing you all over the town
because it can be annoying you think we
like it you think we like sitting in
traffic taking you to all your stupid
activities that's not very nice I'm just
kidding but I know that there's some
other moms out there who are retired
quote unquote
who don't have kids to take around
anymore who you know all their kids are
grown up and they're out of the house
and they look back on these times with
much fondness you know and I know that
will happen I have those moments from
like I like running them to places all
the time but sometimes you got to stop
be like you know what
time flies man and before you know it
you're gonna blink your eye and this
life is gonna be over
or the kids really moved out of the
house they're gonna be graduated and
it's just gonna be me and Colette I'm
gonna be like remember Willie is taken
to gymnastics I miss those times why
don't we enjoy those times more that's
the secret of life to enjoy the moment
right now right now not not a second ago
not in a second from now but right now
enjoy your life right now right now
right now now that is the ultimate
secret is just to be happy in the very
moment that you are living and breathing
this moment right here that's the time
to be happy and that's the secret to
life oh so special I love you little boy
oh look who woke up did you get it
you're so talented all on your head and
get a confession
yeah I think I might tickle you and ask
you a question real quick will you raise
your arms and let me stick my finger in
your armpit oh I wish I lies my arm I
like my arm gonna tickle a weenie did
you order the Olympics one day yeah of
course you will speaking actually of
Olympic champions mckayla maroney is
training here right now that's pretty
cool
hey dude ones that a girl who's been to
the greatest competition in the world is
down there the gold medalist mckayla
maroney is down there on the same gym
floor that you worked out on you believe
that what's that sir okay you won with a
front-flip I doubted you the judges are
expecting a lot more this year you have
to do at least a quadruple front flip
not gonna win with a single prompt let
give me a break that's pathetic
well that's good that's good I don't
think this is what we'll be doing on
these bars he'll rip your arms out of
socket dude careful I don't think your
arms are supposed to spin that way in
this cool Sports Illustrated
that's Makayla right there mckayla
maroney case I have a question for you
guys do you ever talk to mckayla maroney
did you see her you know she was there
today you don't talk to her she what
oh yeah she was there you ever talk to
her she is really so famous she has she
met President Obama she's been on the
Jay Leno Show does that mean anything to
you that's pretty cool like I don't want
to film her
I don't want to vlog mckayla maroney
doing her routine because like what if
I'm giving away secrets she's preparing
for the next Olympics if I blog her they
like her competition the Russian
gymnasts would have seen they wouldn't
know what outfit she had on and what
song she was gonna select and they would
copy and still I'm and that would be a
national travesty if I gave away Mikaela
maroney's next techniques for the new
Olympics think about it that's that's
that's international espionage if you're
not careful ladies no okay let's go just
call me a weirdo visit I'll buy you a
certain car rego hole doesn't know where
when to gain Hitler
no you just this day what Oh
no be okay
you're so cute in that hat I'm kid like
to work they did a lot of work on Kim's
big mess cuz her room was a mess
Kim seriously we just stopped you little
hammer hyung only cares about you thank
you found finger bum oh let's see what
we're making for dinner tonight
baby oh you mad at me gonna let you are
- shots we're guys could come under the
arm watch them watch the shark tank
we actually like he likes watching TV
because I saw the movement and my color
dollars it he likes the business deals
we got here we get 25% for $250,000 my
company I'll take that deal valuation so
we don't have proven sales oh I love you
wow you're smashing okay you're a doctor
hey your medicine
Oh down down baby tard go get a towel
but muncher blows sorry it's dinnertime
at the shade turns once again no more
medicine
I don't you guys get sick of me filming
when we're eating I feel like we just
vlog that we're eating dinner I have a
question what's your favorite thing for
us to vlog like if you were to pick one
type of footage is there a thing like a
type of footage what would you have us
vlog like us hang out as a family do you
like when we're cooking in the kitchen
do you like to see when we're eating
dinner you're like we're at events at
events you like to be in Sogeti yeah
shopping what's your favorite item of
vlog footage and also I want to leave
comments below which one is your
favorite kid cuz I know I got my
favorite but you guys think is my
favorite mommy
Daxton think you're right it is not the
makeup that make you guys feel bad that
I love your mom more than you yes
because she's not even your child right
you guys gotta go me and mom we start
this family together we're an original
soul members family together
yeah one day you guys gonna grow up and
leave us and we're gonna be stuck
together still so our hearts have to be
let me walk together okay
I'm excited to be sucked to you with
forever I love you forever Senna song
yeah so leave us a comment below I want
to know what's your favorite kind of
footage and who's your favorite Kid Rock
car leave her sister alone
family that ate spaghetti together stays
together I've gotten some crap from some
of you in the past for telling the kids
that I love their mom more than I love
them they know that I love them I
actually think that one of the most
important things I can do for my
children is to show that I love their
mother and I think that is so key in the
young development of a child's life that
they know that their mom and dad love
each other unconditionally that they'll
always be together and it breaks my
heart when I read comments from you guys
talking to me about how your parents
have split up or how they fight hang in
there we are here for you and we love
you and you can create the relationship
that you want when you grow older don't
give up on love this is a love song
don't ever give up bone all right click
on a vlog yesterday's vlog was pretty
good one if you missed it princess hard
saying a Taylor Swift cover at the end
of the vlog click on that feeling lucky
button if you want to see it the shade
hard to do it one two three or four
years ago on this very day click on
those corresponding numbers follow us on
Facebook Twitter and Instagram we love
it I will see you tomorrow
