so we are picking up right here where
yesterday's endslate left off right as I
was doing yesterday's and slid over I'm
talking me funny and Ziegfeld starts
barking cuz he wants me to play with
them okay with you I'll play with you
hopefully with you don't buy my
camouflage I'm in the army I'm an ARP
yeah be back
keep that beanbag get it oh good job
yeah yeah okay with you I'm gonna export
the bag
I found a little bug for you he's
starting to try to reach for things but
it's hard for him because he can't quite
figure out how did you do it oh you got
it you got it you did it or not
you get so excited when he gets a hold
of it
he starts oiling around like well I have
it for doing baby exercises you tuned it
you did it look it
babies are so entertaining
oh you lasted do I know what it Dickens
I'm going to kiss you okay big kiss then
okay guys watch his head when I do this
okay
it's tummy time tummy time X yeah you
like tummy time
oh I like tiny tiny let's just go to
sleep alright I just got the vlog up
tweeted it let's see oh my goodness it's
pretty outside let's go get a proper
look at this pink sunset shall we what I
like the sky rocker what is it what is
it is it pretty
oh my goodness
cotton candy skies all the way across
idiot maybe I should Instagram that
sometimes getting his uh bear tonight
he's a we blow good job he's a bear when
he wasn't there very bad no it's gonna
be a we blow with your mom I think
you've made him happy are you happy to
look very concerned are you worried
about something you've acts using son
tired of not earning his we blow batch
quit Berlin your brow bro unfurl it it's
so angry did you teach you how to be so
angry baby time I caught him gonna be so
angry or not
no there's another sleeping baby in
there put them on copper rock turn it's
a baby brother sandwich baby brother
bear I pledge allegiance to the flag of
the United States of America and to the
Republic for which it stands one nation
under God indivisible with liberty and
justice for all
hi Collette
it's fun to do my best to do my duty to
God in my country to the people and to
obey the law of the pack follows a Kayla
the Cub Scout helps the Pat go the pack
helps the Cub Scout grow the Cub Scout
gives goodwill
hey guys how's it going
can I show you guys something I want to
show you guys something and most
youtubers do not show this I'm about to
show you it's not that perverts picture
you this line this is YouTube Analects
Google owns YouTube most of you probably
know that and you know that the Google
Analytics are very good they basically
what analytics are are your numbers this
is who's watching the Shaytards videos
this graph represents the entire life
and career of the Shaytards channel this
is 64 months worth of YouTube videos on
Shaytards it's like five years and three
months we started in March coming this
March will be the five years of daily
vlogs but you know I started this
channel in October of 2008 the Shaytards
channel represents seven hundred and
seventy million views estimated minutes
watched it's a lot of minutes almost two
billion minutes watched but this is what
I wanted to show you guys look at this
graph ok let's let's kind of do a little
history here this is when the Shaytards
channel started in October of 2008 in
that month we had almost 60,000 views
fifty-nine thousand views we move over
to November and that will show us how
many views we had each month so November
was we moved up to 86,000 and it kept
moving up we started the daily vlogs
right here in March of 2009 that's when
I had you know I'd started my shaycarl
channel and I thought man I'm gonna
start doing the video every day for the
last year of my 20s and that's when that
crazy idea to do a video every single
they started is right here in March of
2009 and we almost got a million views
that month we got seven hundred and
seventy thousand views that month and
that was actually even more views than I
had ever had on my shaycarl channel that
month is actually when YouTube became
our full-time job when it was like we
almost got a million views and then as
they say the rest is history it just
continued to move up then we hit almost
20 million views in January of 2010 and
then it's like Bennet was like we're on
to something here and then you know for
whatever reason you know they dropped
and then they went up and it's just kind
of been this like long crazy ride here's
what I want to show you guys here it is
January of 2014 and this is the most
viewed month ever in the history of us
making YouTube videos I started my very
first youtube channel the shaycarl
youtube channel in 2007 that was six
years ago six years ago I started this
crazy journey called YouTube and here it
is six years later and we are already
and it is you know there's still a few
days left in the month it's the 29th
there's still two days left in this
month and we were already at the most
views we've ever had in six years of
doing this little thing called YouTube
I'm a 33 year old man this being a
full-time youtuber making YouTube videos
for a living this is the longest job
I've ever had in any of you who know my
story know that I've had a ton of
freaking jobs I've been a real estate
agent I've been a door-to-door salesman
I've been a bus driver I've been a radio
DJ I used to be a car salesman I mean
I've done everything you can imagine
Under the Sun I worked with handicapped
kids I did you know after school things
I've done a lot of things and as a 33
year old man being a full-time youtuber
is the longest job I've ever had so I
know that I say thank you a lot
and you know I
always appreciate you guys for you know
just watching our videos on being a part
of our life and being willing to tune
into the Shaytards every day but this is
so encouraging twenty-eight point three
million views in January and we got two
more days do you think we can hit thirty
million it's incredible it really is and
really I think it's a testament to those
of you who click on the videos at on the
end slate like the four year ago videos
and I'm like hey guys you can see what
the Shaytards doing exactly one year ago
today two years ago three years ago four
years ago those of you who click on
those videos really help us and then
like I told Colet I'm like how do we
stop how do we stop the daily vlogs if
we're at the most views we've ever had
you know it's like seems like a foolish
time to stop and like I said we're not
and then let me clear some information
up here we're not stopping making videos
it's just like I want to take a day off
I know I always get a lot of crap like
yeah you got such an easy job all you
have to do is throw a few clips and
movie maker it's so easy why would you
quit it's not easy it's not easy to be
ridiculed and you know should try to be
entertaining everyday and so anyways I
just wanted to say thank you very much
and this has been quite the journey
we'll talk about what's gonna happen on
March 5th that's my 34th birthday and
that is the anniversary of us starting
daily vlogs everyday for five years but
I just want to say thank you thank you
for being with us along this sixty-four
month ride look I mean each one of these
dots each one of these little book you
know dots represents a month you know 30
day period and it's just crazy and so
cool you know we've had through all the
ups and downs climbed back up you want
to know something interesting actually
at the bottom of this this is where I
started to edit the Shaytards vlogs
again you guys remember I had some
editors that would edit for me this is
where I took over and every single month
other than this month what happened that
month I'm not sure what is a stupid
September other than September views
since I've taken over editing the
Shaytards vlogs views have increased
every single month and I don't think
it's because like I'm a better editor or
whatever I just feel like I think it
just you know it's more intimate because
you guys know that I'm editing I mean
hold on
look guys look over there look look at
look at where hey guys Shane here I
don't know what che I'll talk in that
crap he never gives me the credit I
deserve oh I gotta go I gotta go bye
our just a Miskin just the other day
well having company y'all alone that
took me away back to the first with feel
and I'm a actor but when you pull my
bones like a perfect round to go faster
than a green let go
yeah skip the conversation when you
already know I left a note on the dog
with the joke we made and that was the
first day and darling it was down and
right there where we stood his holy
grand dance if I'm not dancing with you
tonight I'm gonna dance not you in this
room but I don't wanna dance if I'm not
dancing with you thanks for watching
please like it
