hi I'm logging here what there's a couch
in my kitchen
Boop what the couch and mortician did
you do that broaden this me I'm not Rob
said he wanted to eat a cereal while you
sitting on the couch and so he put in
the kitchen he's this big booty belt
bastard whip what okay slob me sorry
guys you picked it up trying to beat em
Brody ball Farms is like a plant couch
in the catch a threw in here
well okay baby I'll help get down huh
he's cute huh well you just take him off
maybe he wants to do yoga did you think
of that he's cute huh I just want to
show my baby to you cuz he's adorable
say hi guys he's starting to get to the
edge or he smiles giving his file for
them daddy can make him smile oh I'm
ashamed to say I like to make out with
my babies he does gag the little lips
are so nobody's here tears yeah the
thing about babies a lot of people may
not know is you have to scrub behind
their ears are really good yeah like
milk it's better cuz they spit up in
their milk it's behind their ears and
then when you bite their ears you're
like yeah like this nasty you guys grab
the ears Bombay and advise your city I
could probably throw this video funny 20
feet but I don't that's not funny
hey Ron cop baby tard in the early music
video for Shayla yeah I do remember that
shayloss and I came up walk up to you
like shucked baby turn off scream huh
that was the most commented comment on
that video what happened to baby thar
little Ron's over there were this big
meat hooks
catching her okay ever really even
touched a baby just for a baby
experience don't you like his shirt this
is it legal to carry guns this big oh oh
snap welcome to the gun show we're about
to do Pilates with Blogilates and we're
gonna just get our sweat on and then we
have a weigh-in this morning mondays are
weigh-in days I'm down are you I am down
I'll bring it bring down down dog
precious daughter learning how to do
some gymnastic stuff clean this little
bugger hanging out right now today's one
of those days where I did not want it to
be Monday because I was not ready to
rock and roll for the week but you know
sometimes you just gotta reach inside
yourself and pulled out some rock and
roll right we cannot wait to go to
school with it oh and he knows what I'm
talking about that Monday but but I did
get to work out with Blogilates today
she came over and did a video for
shayloss and she gave me this awesome
sweatshirt hope you guys can see it but
it says train like a beast look like a
beauty Blogilates la bete I love it
she's so sweet and we actually did a
workout with both normal guy which will
be up on her channel I believe so check
it out
camera turnovers really still so you can
see baby tard she gets to play on a rope
like a web a rope a web that reminds me
of Pirates of the Caribbean
she's like a pirate test you want to be
a pirate huh
be a pirate oh look mom my hands they're
so awesome
look mom look what I can do full of
babies with are starting to discover
their hands like he has Fitz's in front
of his face and he's just focusing on it
like it's the most amazing thing in the
world like I know I'm moving this but
I'm not sure how to do it what make it
out with your dog is cute this weekend
didn't anybody see those stairs that's
on my shoulder good you see it yeah my
camera oh my gosh he's been trained when
did you get it look at some of the
stairs ah nice things are throwing
shoulder
hurry
nothing dear this is scary for me there
oh that's all down you turn it off hey
baby get it my god sorry your dad's such
a dork
oh yeah that let me do my count for the
same one
um you may think that this is a show but
no that's normally how he asks I just
happened to the camera on and Charlie
got nap Oh
Oh oh yeah yeah yeah yep
he's done Shay you really want me to pan
down what's so funny back there I could
show a little bit me and a little thing
that's about it
turn the camera off this is a family
moment huh
wait this is a family mother over here
no oh I was a driving naked on a second
but you know the funniest thing no I had
a thing
sometimes in life it just like it's
boring and you want to eat something
tighten it up wanna do something to
change the rigmarole of the Mondeo Gees
of life
you gotta get naked here's the funny
thing about that that's not the first
time he's done that yeah I did a five
other time I'm going to get my daughters
from gymnastics they uh artist here a
gym I see maybe turn now hello young
lady
hi how is Jim oh he's a monkey
you're a crazy monkey you are a crazy
monkey yeah I always knew that about you
all along how is Jim good Oh Jim Brooke
okay his back foot need some food we're
go home any food you don't know oh come
on
what's for dinner well I don't know
anymore you guys taking you deep it in
there sitting better put your arms up in
the air and try to get really skinny
nice shirt by the way you ready
keep it real suck it in fatso hi good
seats like what are you guys doing here
Eddie see ya oh what's it hit your belly
or your face belly and the Larsen's yeah
what'd you think it was inside the
fridge all right get out you're wasting
energy get out of there
shut the fridge all right mommy tardis
mad because she made a stew and she put
it the crock-pot
like today I made it and it's not done
yet
oh come let's take us home well because
I should have been on high earlier and I
didn't it looks good though the
vegetables are all still hard what are
you doing oh hey up down low
what are you hey question why don't you
finish your bracelet tutorial yesterday
because of my hook was outside and it
was dark time so I had to stop so I will
do it two more in tomorrow got some
major pissed off peeps here they're like
hey I'm making a bracelet here how I
finish okay
keep my Calm keep it on your desk I will
finish it today and then you will go on
the internet and take it back home
school today good was you had a good day
yeah all right so it's Monday night and
as you know as we've told you before
every Monday evening we have a little
event called fhe that stands for family
home evening it's a night where we just
tonight where we just get together and
be a family and be loving and stuff and
it's it okay if you do the song I can do
the song got me to think of the song
sing the song or lead the song can't do
it with you can lead to song and you can
also pick everything like okay what song
what's the lesson on you know the
lessons on I know but you couldn't do it
at first song you hit who's doing a
lesson
nothing mother what's the lesson on
family home evening prayer box are can
you say the prayer you say the prayer
color set for us okay the way song lets
me scripture loofahs mommy lesson
activity mom what's the activity bed hey
what's the treat then okay well I'm
building something good well I'm working
on it ever make us feel spiritually
uplifted and together as a family
you try can I get a frog I like frogs
like frogs oh did you know that I was a
frog once no I was tell your mom trust
me yes she's a successful yeah kick it
you don't know yeah I used to be a frog
and then your mom kisses mean I turned
into a fat bearded guy no think I looked
better as a frog
okay keep reading next page okay we're
doing homework flip it over I get a fish
no I'm allergic
hang a your leg see I'm not allergic to
fish I'm allergic to ferrets and cats
character fats carrots and fats
I'm allergic to fat carrots that funny
alright keep braiding quick inside track
like okay that carrots are always
getting in your way of your homework can
I get a fish if you do this you do the
fish face that room I remember it's not
a fish face I'll take this some fishes
are elected that's what fishes look like
lovely fish some fishies garlic that's
what I think sound fishy what are they
called what are those fishes called fish
instead is dinner almost ready
I'm hungry I'm hungry too
what you on the throne hey guys we're
making dinner mom's making that bad good
okay so we're doing coming home evening
and we have a treat going on okay
I made this peanut butter joy cake I
made Jesus sounding up done in her house
because Jesus cuz we're doing I'm gonna
let me get you on their behalf so we
have a life a huge house for all the
money label mom and dad all the five
kids and seek case we got those this was
too hard to marshmallows around it
what's up this slow tiny Christmas
peanut butter jelly peanut butter jelly
with fun my sister whoa and then be yeah
but you you always you made this cake
did you yeah she's cutting all these
Christmas trees and no holes and stars
are you
Jenny snowman we have to zoom in okay so
what don't man get out of Europe not yet
extracting the family only thing it is
dinner time once again it che turds got
some soup for the Shaytards what's going
on here mi see hearts and my tongue who
hearted up all the toasts the mother you
are the mother of the kingdom queen the
queen bee the queen bee it's meatless -
because it's meatless Monday rock car do
you like it is it yummy is it delicious
is it your favorite soup of all time hey
do you realize who sits under the table
at every dinner let's go blow
subterranean this is where Zeke lays
every time we enter hip honkin
want some scraps to fall on the ground
giant animal sleeps under the table I've
noticed too that he usually puts his
head right by my feet and he licks my
toes the whole time must have stinky
cheese toes hi - boy we got a stinky
cheese toes yeah
then card I think she got those from you
because you have the stinkiest cheese
toes I've ever smelt all right we just
finished our family home name it was
about a house of order we read the
scriptures from Ephesians about obeying
your parents and now it's time for what
the treat the refreshments Oh cuss of
order and a house of God right
happiness and harmony
Madison children harmony cut me a piece
on a piece that's like I do that again
oh it's funny can we ever take their
play back on the count of three ready
ready one two three and then we eat a
delicious cake and it was Nami and I had
a marshmallow head and Mama don't put
too much meadow my body butter and you
have a belly button marshmallow
ahahaha she development of our fellow
and then we individually click on each
one of these links the one here to break
it off smacking face yes I will you ever
dance with the devil in the pale hey oh
hey oh hey you guys are here still Zeki
oh I'll put your nose in ok 11 guys
click on a video there's six of them to
click on click on at least three Oh
see you tomorrow
