hi I'm log in here
do a cover-up do you wanna go slow read
by Adam new movie frozen watch it oh my
gosh I'm Chris I starred already has
7000 thumbs up holy crap
people are loving it people are saying
it made him cry and that you're the next
Taylor Swift and then you're a little
actress you're gonna be so talented
you're gonna leave us all in the dust
one day I'm just teasing it did it going
to make another slash tag get its work
the room they'll come out to have five
more hits what like it hey bashful what
is your problem you can't sing frozen
Olaf doesn't want to hang out with you
you're not you're not a snowman you're a
doggie okay you'll be a reindeer um yeah
you could be a reindeer you can pull it
you're better than Rudolph okay I admit
you're better than Rudolph yeah what do
you think good thing she's good huh okay
go to the North Pole tell Santa we said
hi
are you trying to get his Booker's okay
be careful don't put it too far up his
nose you won't like that
just do it soft still put it in his nose
and then is not that teaches in bad
habits okay okay that's good
you're so helpful
okay good job good job
you must being a big brother it's
adorable
I love you you're such a good brother do
you know that yeah you do good lucky day
me mr. monkey a jumper hey guys this is
princess art and today I want to say
every day is to fur now on I want to
make videos except some days sometimes
Sundays but not all the time but for now
on I wanted to be extra videos just in
case like if we don't have any footage
for the day then then this would help
out and yeah so for now on I want to do
videos every day and if I have to do
like gymnastics or stuff I'll just like
go home after that I'll just say sorry I
hey guys I didn't did have time today so
we'll do a little activity or something
real quick and yeah so for now on I want
to make videos and on Sundays I maybe
will but not all the time
you see you know all the time yeah so
every day I'm going to do that and every
day how about them
bye hello guys this is princess hard
here today I'm going to show you how to
make a triple single and this is what it
looks like okay so then I will show you
how to make that at the end breed it up
or gonna have to meet a little dogs like
this going to start from the bottom
where the arrow is pointing up
so you have this whole thing I'm going
to do random colors on this okay so I'm
going to do so I'm gonna get our rubber
band and put it all right back to the
next rubber band hit then I get another
rubber band put it back and then keep
doing that until the end okay now I did
that all the way to here and start from
over here get some more rubber bands up
and then go to the next one and do the
same thing all the way up
mmm-hmm make sure it's facing the air
because you're going to have to start
over and if you do it from here
okay we did all of them now we're going
to move on to the middle
see there's this is a narrow part we're
going to skip that part okay so we're
going to go to the top to the back part
we're going to do all the three going up
and down remember to skip the first one
and then go to the next one do the same
thing go to the next one and keep going
on okay there we go now we have this
whole thing skipping down all the way to
the top and we're going to switch it
this way okay and then we're going to
move on what's up putting over things
and that's all she wrote yeah that's
probably pretty frustrating if you're
trying to build one of those yeah uh
that's the end of the footage I don't
know why she didn't end it maybe the
battery died she's at gymnastics so
we're gonna have to ask her about that
later also I have no footage for today
other than what you've already watched
yeah I was thinking like oh man I don't
very much footage and then I found that
rainbowloom footage Princess hard put on
the cameras like oh sweet and then it
ends right there so it doesn't really
actually finish off it's Monday I have a
case of the Mondays oh woe is me my hair
looks good though so that's exciting
hey Sun tarts down here cleaner in his
room let's go look let's go see how he's
doing
at his room cleaning busted turn the
lights on let's see what's going on what
do you mean let my hair yeah that's
right what's going on here are you doing
a cleanup process do you like my hair
yeah thanks bro hey use your pogo stick
yeah will you've logged me real quick
sure I have an idea do you guys think I
can pogo stick from here up to my office
I think I could do it I was try it we
don't get hurt okay follow me ready okay
haikus no back that far yep they gonna
keep turning circles whoa oh yeah
la tarde
here's what I got to do I just had to
jump
you're not stop just keep going yeah you
do it yeah the top of the stairs uh-huh
move it leak release it all right
well huh trying to create some footage
in when drew I'm gonna be clean you have
an ETA on the finish minh of that huh
well there just throw away bunch of
stuff you don't need admit it your crap
in here you don't need huh
you look cool in that hat I like it
alright you served on sofware you
getting rid of all this well this is the
bag why do you think your mom and dad
want you to have a clean room save the
locks to it that's one reason did you
know how to make these can you show us
how to finish princess her was just
doing a tutorial and she just quit mid
tutorial yeah
she's like making a video about how to
do this and all sudden it just stops why
not make it but when you take it off
that's when I mess up
is it hard like you just have to
literally just like oh yeah rip it off
yeah who's better at it print the
starter you ha ha ha very making those
real fishtail don't you're good at a
fishtail maker
alright well she's got to show us later
she's not a fish how I hurt my wrist all
right love you guys see you tomorrow bye
yeah that's today's vlog it suck I know
yes I Gabi where the guys are kept and I
play God and that's the leagues were
 yeah he'll be lucky ok I got it
yeah
