all right everybody you come be cute for
one take Sunday everybody become
humorous and charming and loving welcome
home from church well you can't go to
church they don't have church for dogs
you have to stay here and pray did you
pray good you found Jesus you're a good
boy did you read your scriptures you did
Oh hallelujah he says it'll see zieks or
it's getting a lot better you can only
see it cuz it's dark but it is it is
healing nicely has a nice thick scab
around it which shows me that the skin
is coming back that is will be cushion
technology right there my friends
because the worst part doing that to
work a whoopee cushion bro there you go
worst part about a whoopee cushion is
trying to blow it up every time but this
is a self inflatable whoopee cushion
so there's hours of farting pleasure for
all those right up seriously that's what
we cushion technology I hate that little
whoopee cushion trying to blow it up
because you're like dude that's what I
smell you're a French toast this morning
I think it any roast beef and french
toast that sounds like what fat people
eat oh right we're fat I'm just kidding
but I want some and I am a little chubby
look at you guys sports are evolving
quite nicely in the backyard look at
this tree this tree is the product of
children climbing through it every day
and then this is the farm the farts I
said this is the farts because of the
whoopee cushion
alright we're home from church it's one
take Sunday baby tart is here
congratulations many five - slow your
Luger okay
but besides here what the birds came to
my bread palace you have a bird palace I
want to see the birth palace honestly
the bird palace yo giddyup giddyup
all right we want to look at the burton
palace what are you doing fart place oh
cool this is a bird palace dude you
should get rid of the raccoon birds are
probably scared of it birds are scared
of raccoons do you they come are the
burden to the bird skunk
are those seats Oh they've opened the
seeds they have huh you do have a bird
palace and this is the bird Prince all
right this is princess turn sport they
each have their own forts this is where
she hangs out this is the latticework
show me what you do on the bar you just
hang out of it what is in the thing what
go ahead let me see I installed this bar
I was quite the fort installation er how
many pubs can you do you need me all
these six what's in there what's in here
oh this is my pretzels that are old now
so I think it's like your snack box okay
let's see your fork the airport leave
your phone nobody call wires on no this
is my suitcase and that's my phone quit
flatulating show me your fork that's
cool are these your contacts Taylor
Swift what does it says two hundred
eighty likes thirty seconds yeah let's
see it give us a grand tour of the
treatment speaking of likes I work long
and hard hours trying to get a lot of
likes on YouTube Prince's tard makes one
stupid little song and she gets eighty
thousand likes on it if you fart one
more time I will fart directly on your
face that's it all right want to see get
him Zeke get him Zeke get him get it
oh ho easy easy cheesy all right let's
see the fort of baby tars
she's a tree monger she's a tree
dwelling fort make
do you sleep pull behind
cornis easy Kotak Sun tarde hit him hit
him run let him chase you run get
everything Jim Zeke he's a good boy that
intimidating would join he's like a foot
taller than you are remember when he was
a puppy you guys got much he's grown up
alright retard I'm sorry give us the
explanation of your work and what is
exactly containing it well that is quite
the explanation what does the blanket
for is that for the birds to sleep in
the trees okay and then what do you do
up there is that your favorite pastime
are you a monkey can we call you monkey
tard okay and then what about your
hammock do you sleep in that hammock you
said in that show us show us your ex
your thingy and princess tard
she likes to sweep the dirt cuz she's a
good dirt sweeper alright great ports
you guys oh sorry oh this your for you
moved it you're using your hockey going
see keel quit beating up your brother
explain us to your fort okay this is the
big big yeah great that's a great tour
bro appreciate it yeah okay let's go see
you're getting advice so I actually want
to talk to you guys about something
serious I'm great Shay's about to wax
religious again there was actually a
very special sister missionary at our
church today you guys know that my
little brother Logan okay we called Moki
Bear elder Butler now
is in Buenos Aires Argentina he is in
South America he took that long flight
down to South America anyways there was
two sister missionaries in our Ward
today that spoke one that was from where
was that she was from Spain what was
that one sister missionary at his spoke
last where was she from Spain really
long her hair was so long and then the
other sister missionary was from what I
can't put her with sister missionaries
bro
I thought she was pretty though and then
the other sister missionary was from
Joplin Missouri and she started talking
about the tornado that happened in
Joplin Missouri and I was sitting there
and I was listening to the talk and I
was like I feel like I know somebody
from Joplin Missouri who do I know from
there and I'll send it dawned on me
there was a youtuber his name was
wildebeest maybe some of you know this
youtuber he was from Joplin Missouri and
he actually died the day of that
hurricane and I remember because I
remember looking at his Twitter that day
that he passed away what oh you're
yelling is he and this is the last thing
he tweet he tweeted that hurricane in
Joplin Missouri was an f5 class
hurricane come on focus he tweeted on
the day that he passed away I'm
graduating today and I was I went and I
looked up his Twitter during her talks
I'm like I swear I know a guy from there
and he passed away he was sucked out of
his sunroof on the day of that tornado
and two days before that he retweeted a
Bible verse that says but about that day
or hour no one knows not even the angels
in heaven nor the son but only the
father that's a scripture in the New
Testament that talks about the second
coming of Jesus Christ but I thought
that verse was very poignant in the fact
that he passed away just two days after
he retweeted that that scripture in the
New Testament is actually talking about
nobody knows when Christ will come again
but I think we can use it in our daily
lives where it's like we never know when
we're gonna die we're all gonna die this
has just got gruesome but that young man
who passed away that day he tweeted that
two days earlier that no man knows the
day when Christ will come I think it can
be interpreted no man knows when we're
gonna live we could get in a car wreck
right now
don't watch this video while you're
driving but I'm just saying the point is
we need to be prepared and if there's
anything in your life that is unsettled
or things that are left unsaid maybe -
loved ones we should do those things now
right now and it's harsh like oh
there'll be plenty of time and I'm gonna
live a long boring life but you never
know that young man that was the last
thing he tweeted I graduated today and
he passed away that day and it just made
me think like what a fortuitous thing
that I know that kid and I actually went
up to her after the meeting and I asked
her I said did you know will Norton
she's like yes he was one of my good
friends I graduated with him and I told
her I said because I never met this girl
before she's from Joplin Missouri now
she's on her mission here in Los Angeles
California giving this talk about the
day that that tornado came through and
it was on her graduation day and I told
her I said I remember the day that
happened because I remember on Twitter
everybody was talking about this
youtuber named wildebeest who passed
away and I just told her I'm sorry and
I'm you know try to told her that I
appreciated her talk anything anyways
just I wanted to say to you guys today
because will was a youtuber I kind of
like felt like he was there in spirit
today and I just thought if there's
anything up there any one of you out
there that you know haven't settled
anything in your lives you should do it
I don't know what that means but I just
felt like I should tell you that you
should be happy we are happy I think
some people would call that coincidence
as well but to me that just means that
maybe Heavenly Father or the spirit or
whatever you want to call it yourself
was sort of preparing him because well
yeah you can call it coincidence sure if
there's a coincidence that she knew him
but that doesn't change the lesson that
you should do the things today that you
would regret not doing if the time
passes that you can do them you know if
you didn't tell that loved one you love
them and you're grateful for them and
they pass away it doesn't matter what
the coincidence is or if God was there
to help guide that relationship like you
should do those things now I mean not as
a principle that still stands true
whether it was a coincidence that I knew
this guy from YouTube and she came here
on that mission you know I'm saying it's
like there you should still do the
things now that you're putting off till
tomorrow
that you'll regret if you don't do if
you lose that opportunity that makes
sense yeah I was
thinking I mean the fact that he
retweeted that two days right well yeah
yeah doing that means that maybe he was
just like internalizing thing like he
was like feeling spiritual I guess yeah
it's it's very interesting and that's
like that is the last tweet he ever
tweeted I'm graduating today and then he
passed away anyways I just went to his
Twitter while she was giving that talk
and I checked it out and I just I wanted
to share that with you guys today sorry
to bring that we're bring the whoopie
cushion back we need some fart comedy
where's the whoopee cushion anyways we
love you guys
won't take Sunday we're going to eat I'm
gonna have french toast and roast beef
is that against all dietary regulation
rules yes but we're gonna also gonna be
watching the Grammys so when you watch
the Grammys you can do whatever you want
to go farting get off all right let's go
here's your friend start doing anyway so
we love you guys
oh let me let's ask princess hard to
comment on the major success of her
music video yesterday hey do you realize
that video already has 450 thousand
views and it's been up barely 24 hours
and 450,000 people have watched you sing
do you want to build a snowman from the
hit movie frozen
it has over 70,000 thumbs up what do you
want to say to all these people are you
gonna do some more songs of course I
love to be seen I want it that's my
dream I want to be a singer well guess
what I think you already are a singer I
would say anybody who puts a song out in
the world it gets 450,000 views in 24
hours probably can consider themselves
an actual singer and you know what
everybody was saying you're such a good
actress too not only did you sound good
vocally but you had great actions five
years you do have a very keen camera
awareness don't you thanks to who yeah I
thought your father exactly us what's
going on here birdseed piles birdseed
piles all right excellent
I'm sure the birds will love you you're
like snow white if you sit on that wall
long enough maybe they'll come line on
your shoulder and kiss your cheek you're
the bird princess
ah watch out for curls I'll bite you in
the face
all right love you guys one take Sunday
Shh arts we love you we'll see you
tomorrow
