hi I'm logging here hello Oh what's that
in the back Oh girly tickle tickle
there was even your middle names Ryan
isn't it it's Ryan
Steven Ryan cook yeah I think I heard
that because Carly was yelling at us
Steven Ryan we're down here on the
beach with Ronald the shayloss crew is
good we are gonna do some soldier nation
stuff getting some buffs on we do some
pull-ups and push-ups on it and it's a
beautiful one it's 9:00 a.m. right here
on set wow those waves are big star that
was revving up in those those are bog
man there's no bog teasing me I was hard
enough um I was trying to say they're
big and huge and I was telling stealing
yeah the other day they're so bog and
they're like bog like I don't know what
that means
anyways here we are Santa Monica rings
Steve you done those rings before you
know I have fun do today dude you're
gonna we gotta do the rings buddy okay
here we go
all righty just finish the workout with
Steven Ron it was intense you have to go
check it out they'll be the whole
workout on Steve's channel I'll leave a
link below it might not be up right now
but I'll be up in a couple days and go
check it out all right dude no flex for
me no I'm first looking a baby sugar be
all through all that hard work to look
like that not show it off the word of
luck would look a lot of people just
look this one do your pose there it is
dang that's a thumbnail for today let's
go nose
water polo just watching sun card
control baby boys loving all these
lights to the light already pretty show
cute perfect killing me his eyes are
still blue you guys so every baby that I
have has blue eyes of course they're
born with like set up sort of a deep
gray blue eyes and then they eventually
turn brown but his are still blue and
they're really blue so I'm hoping he
kind of keeps that blue color your eyes
going to be blue
I'm sorry guys I just want to keep my
baby is that weird don't some mothers
and some species eat their young
that's me oh he smells so good you guys
just had smell-a-vision we could tell
it's awesome anyways okay there's my boy
he did that on purpose so he could get
the ball I know but you guys I see water
blue hole looks like a paradise for in
the world
because you have to stay afloat while
throwing a ball back and forth and we
all know I'm horrible at that and also
staying afloat not cool I think it'll be
fun to watch and play I don't mean ok
another actually in the water
practicing the skills they just learned
they're trying to throw the ball with
one hand catch it with your hands while
treading water they've been doing this
for at least 15 minutes already and I
cannot imagine who tired he is right
Oh
oh I started it
we're doing good this one was having too
much fun he's having too much fun
walking I'm watching Frankie J comet
live like an LED in Japan immediately
ariana grande's brother he has YouTube
channel I'm just checking out he's funny
no girl you got so much talent in that
family seriously it's good it just goes
yeah I've noticed whatever he's fuzzy if
you just sit in front of the computer
with him he loves it he's his daddy's
boy you liked our youtubes you like into
YouTube's of all the movies movie today
we're all working you wanna be back yet
no six months nope
six months maybe you got your child
about the head and neck support you can
throw this baby 9 to 12 feet um well
you're not going to rock yard come here
let me throw you hey are you gonna just
lay him on the desk like a worthless
he's just left right here I'm gonna be
more nice pickup filing a complaint he's
filing complaint right now we'll watch
don't you think this is grow better
 backup okay now there's a baby
let's watch this Frankie J okay that
working is not working
you're right feelings too much oh oh I
like that I remember that oh I started
the baby Moby Oh hug babies when I get
my sea I want you to put me in a crib
with a bunch of babies reply oh so cute
are you not getting the attention
goodness maybe some attention what uh
boom see what year to look forward to oh
he doesn't like that you like that
though
it's Friday night we're gonna do our
regular Friday night activities which is
gorge ourselves on food and then go to
the movies and gorge ourselves on
licorice Hey Center what did I say yeah
I made a required hand-holding policy
I'll just have to look cool with your
glasses the girls have to hold hands and
the boys have to hold hands
yes riding the stroller mommy
what's up buddy what's up what's up he's
set I to the Shaytards and then he said
put up a rap rap mommy starts getting us
a table at the Olive Garden wings
breadsticks Tansen let's see those dance
moves
that's a crazy dance Monroe he Batman's
dead on the mall look what is it do a
snow angel
there I'll help you
okay ow that hurt don't fit in the beer
it's so hot honey a whole new you
literally are you guys I just killed the
steak gorgonzola here at Olive Garden oh
stuff and then uh this young man a Olive
Garden employee came in and show us what
you have under your work shirt bro yeah
nothing weird going on here - nothing
weird I just wanna know cool what a
coincident when I saw you I was like oh
that's so sweet
anyways yeah yeah it's wearing shirt
work logon the bathroom I was gonna meet
you buddy
yeah thanks that was hilarious so there
I was washing my hands right after I got
done peeing the bathroom and that guy
comes in there and he's like hey hey
what can I show you something
and he starts to undo his shirt I'm like
whoa bro no that's what he did say but
he first said like I love the Shaytards
I love your videos and stuff like that
but then he said can I show you
something and then he started to take a
shirt off and I was like listen if you
like our videos that's cool and it's not
like there's anything wrong with that
kind of thing or whatever if you're like
into dudes or whatever but just easy
he's like no no I just kidding and then
he had a shirt on but shaycarl shirt
under his work shirt that's cool'
shoutout to israel to all guard what up
son and copy and prank where's preg now
hey now when I go to the movies one of
the movies
that how you say go to the movies movies
movies deliver them do that again tell
what you were just telling me about the
movies for the first time in a long time
that is exciting
sugar movies candy at the movies he
hasn't had movie candy for a long time I
guess if you think about it I'm just as
weird the students in the bathroom
taking his shirt off and that's what's
weird and I'm the guy it's like can i
film it then put it on the Internet
fine so honey me and a dude it was in
the bathroom together and he was taking
a shirt off so what I'll have to explain
it to the children later in therapy know
what happened was he had a shake culture
underneath his work shirts he wanted to
take it out and show that yeah get it
it's not weird bro oh I get it now
you're gonna know here you see it in the
parking garage
we're obnoxious in the parking garage
what's that apparently that's Captain
America yeah hey Captain America we're
going
nice jump
hey guys this is princess hard today I'm
going to sing be singing do you want it
does a stomach do you want to build a
snowman
come on let's go and play I never see
you anymore come out the door it's like
you've gone away we used to be this
buddies now if I'm not I wish you can
tell me what do you want build a snowman
it doesn't have to be a snowman go away
on him okay bye
I do you want it build a snowman or ride
our bikes around the halls this company
is getting overdue I started talking to
the pictures on the walls hang in there
Joan it gets a little lonely all these
empty rooms just watching the hours tick
by Elsa please I know you're in there
people are asking where you've been they
say it's courage but I'm trying to I'm
right out here for you just let me in we
only have each other just you and me
what are we gonna do do you want to
build a snowman thanks for watching
please subscribe and like it bye oh my
heart my fatherly melted heart isn't a
puddle all over my desk alright so
here's the story for the last couple
days princess tarts been singing this
song like over and over and over she's
been watching it on YouTube and she came
up to me yesterday she's like dad can I
sing the song and put it on YouTube I
told her joking I'm like well if it
doesn't suck then I'll put it up on the
Shaytards she's like ok I'm gonna
practice so she's actually been
practicing for the last couple days and
watching the video over and over I wake
up this morning and she has already
recorded herself she like stole my
camera off the desk recorded it and then
woke me up said hey Dad I filmed it will
you upload it to youtube right now and I
was like what you know like waking up
and I'm like well let me see it so I
watch I'm like oh that's really good I'm
like ok let's put it up so I uploaded it
it has already I uploaded it this
morning have like 30,000 thumbs up on
the stinking thing then as I imported
the footage for today's vlog I realized
that she done it like four or five times
there's like five different clips on the
camera so this one that I just included
at the end of this vlog is actually a
different performance than I uploaded
earlier which I think the one that I
just showed in this vlog is better I
think she hits the notes better there's
a little bit more emotion anyways uh
thanks for the support she's actually
been reading the comments all day and is
excited and now she wants to do a new
video every second again can I do this
could do this and like slow your horses
there Taylor Swift we're gonna take this
one step at a time
anyways thank you guys for all your
support we love you click on yesterday's
vlog you can see my interview with
ariana grande I think that is actually
why she's so excited about like
performing and stuff now because she's
like wow like I think she really sees
like she could do it and you know click
on if anybody went to everything ok love
you what'd you say it's like cheese huh
what you guys want to try my beloved
just hang tight cuz I'm gonna come up
with something fun to show you how to
make what do you mean you're gonna do on
a video
no what I'm gonna do a cut above don't
that's a secret you can't be showing out
that information yet oh sorry you guys
didn't hear that see you tomorrow I hear
something smack you okay
