hey guys it's princess hard I want to do
a cover of do you water girls will still
read by you the new movie frozen and my
dad said if it didn't suck that he would
put it about theater so here it goes
Elsa do you want to build a snowman
come on let's go and play I never see
you anymore come out the door it's like
you've gone away we used to be the
studies now we're not I wish you could
tell me why do you want to build a
snowman
it doesn't have to be a snowman go away
on her okay bye
do you want to build a snowman or ride
our bikes around the halls they say is
completed it's overdue I started talking
to the pictures on the walls hang in
there Joan it gets a little lonely all
these empty rooms just watching the
hours tick by Elsa please I know you're
in there people are asking where you
been
they say it's courage but I'm trying to
I'm right out here for you just let me
in we only have each other just you and
me what are we gonna do to you one fills
us to win thanks for watching guys
please like it and subscribe bye
