hey mami tarde is leaving us
mommy is leaving the Shaytards she got a
job somewhere else you're thinking about
this is something we didn't want to tell
you guys we're actually not related
we're all paid actors and actresses
we're just a group of people that have
been put together let's take our
producers our directors it's been a good
run are you ready cuz my glory
really
what are we doing we are going get what
we can
oh yes rat yes we did we are called that
I want to know will you add to me what
do we look at hey that's what we do
we've why how do I stay we have a good
metaphor it's like this my name starts
with an S Oh both the girls go dad can I
write on your shoulders
I'm blogging here but make it important
points to the camera and you're trying
to make bubbles out of a water bottle
what's more important here later dude
okay now it's rolling okay I turn the
camera on
we can't stop now here we are at Tarja
swag this guy's way ll back okay what oh
yeah we're in my hair differently Reid
is excited I'm excited
what what did I tell Patrick I thought I
could woody it's time to sleep sleep
sleep what's up this is the segment of
the show charts that I like to call
eating baby toes
I sit down and my computer to see you
guys Sunday afternoon or just cooking
dinner what's the surprise I'm not
telling you it's a secret no boy oh is
that Logan's oh cool do you like it yeah
I need buying special snowboard stuff
what do you think sometimes I could tire
I'll grab it it's called the jump slide
the jump slide jump okay let's see who
stole me whoa Jesse that that was the
jump slide jump carry it your tire you
got to work for it hey guys
yes in the middle sound in the very
middle of it just like that it's all
about a mind game fear you place that
little that little seed of fear in their
head like man this guy's so strong it's
hitting me so hard it hurt get those
football cleats off and get some skates
on you know you want to get out there
oh great okay sit down sit down sit down
take that wig off your fruit yes all up
that wig is you guys later today that's
great that's great
what you have done so far we line by you
to a Halloween party at Disneyland yes
Disney himself called us can you live up
there now
that's your new little place you're
gonna suffer looming me into pity what
is it a night light
last Halloween OMG you better sit down
hearing it kicked out of here
I like your shooter that's my sweater -
love you it's just nice see reality baby
tard
please stop sucking your thumb
how many times I gotta ask you fin tard
you see the jumps like jump do you
remember the most important thing we
bought it was yellow
the what yeah so what are you gonna be
this year
bail bail you got a bail dress huh your
fingers baby tired high five oh did you
miss your daddy you do baby I don't do
that cake down Oh Maddy
Terrace is going rock climbing he's
asleep at home they taught baby tard the
chicken dance better let it enter that
headhunter haveta
three times see brick laying on a log
here hello
well you have to look at it so a family
Brock basically for the last three
Halloween's you've pushed that an
average of 150 times per season
Brock cards first time sitting in one of
these carts are you pumped mr. Lightning
McQueen sippy cup man pushing good look
at that cute little eyeball take your
little eyeball mm-hmm Rock what do you
have over here a little special
collection yeah where are you getting
those worms at
what you learn about Rob esses gordo
zeal and - high five Mississippi Rock
love you we have well I guess if you
like it you're a handsome little guy
okay I'll enjoy it yeah sure be good to
each other we got some rollerskating for
this little man he's excited okay yeah
be good
sorry what's that called that your
sandwich a sandwich
the sandwich
you got a bug in your hair honey hit
your buck out of your hair sure I got it
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum
jo what I'm loving helpful for the dog's
side come on your scallywag yes
scoundrel argue matey yeah don't take
bites out of him either Jax Daniel go
Daddy
Oh daddy's truck we don't have a car
seat daddy's truck heat sinking missiles
locked wait on it he's like how's a good
delivery you you're such a good little
skater no the kiddies are out hunting
playing in the grass what's this guy
doing Oh leave the skunk's alone
somebody asked how many cats we had the
other day he Kiki Kiki DS Bronx and Zeke
are probably the best friends in the
world there is like one more mama cat
who's not here but right now I'm seeing
ten are just a sleepy oh don't get
lonely Dordogne Zeke he might light a
fire later get some hot cocoa and read a
good book as he stretches out did you
like it I'm filming a video quiet
jeez I'm looking for something to eat my
diet oh that's what I want all right
guys all right all right all right now
let's get serious
this channel is the Shaytards channel
this channel is gonna be just to do
whatever I want with it on my 37th
birthday I'm gonna say peace on the
streets now we're calling it the
Shaytards cuz I coming of any other name
and somebody or you took Shh our
rebellion ight I know who you are I want
that name anyway
you can have it okay so here's the thing
unless I could buy it for a year and and
I can't wait well we'll get more into
this trust me I'm gonna make a lot of
videos on this account
I'm never going to edit them they're
just can always be like this rant vlog
II kind of thing so welcome to the new
Shaytards annal is it Shaytards yeah
Shaytards I had to look at my computer
it's Shaytards so anyways if you guys
want to subscribe you can if you don't I
don't care cuz I got I got green jelly
and mustard what else could a guy won't
okay I'll make another one tomorrow see
you guys love you bye hey we're done
daddy are we on press record Oh
