okay I'm gonna ask you last questions a
tough one what did you think about
Justin Bieber's oho it's another day no
you're thinking right now like Shay
where's your head I can't see it cuz I
got a camel flage a Don do you like it
wonder if I can pull off the camel I
honestly just feel like I'm wearing one
of my old hunting hats like when I was a
little kid I feel like I had a hat just
like this that my dad bought us to go
deer hunting but this one has a Volcom
stone on it it's so funny to me that
like camo is cool now and I just
remember like wearing it with my dad and
my brother when I was a kid to go
hunting all the time but now it's a cool
cool camouflage well today is another
one of those days where it's like what
this is my life radical I'm going to do
interviews at the Staples Center for
Gibson guitar and going to interview
people like Ariana Grande dang it I
forgot oh shoot I just remembered son of
a monkey 'less monkey uncle darkman
sorry pardon my language
when I told Prince estar that I might be
interviewing ariana grande she got this
little like notebook with a red pin and
she wrote like Princess hard and she
wanted me to bring it to have her sign
it but now I can just see it sitting on
my nightstand at my home next to my bed
and I'm in the truck on the 110 North so
hopefully ariana grande will like sign
an autograph for purchase John Hartford
we'll see what happens this is like one
of those last-minute things where they
just call that's like sure I'll
disappear views right here we are
backstage and the Gibson Lounge those
are some Gibson pan guitars Taurus we're
the 56
Grammy's and it's pretty cool for Gibson
because it's their one hundred and
twentieth birthday this year
so the 56th Annual Grammy and Gibson
guitar is here because it's there
they're celebrating 120 20th birthday
Pentatonix just performed jackson harris
you by the way husband i vlog them since
we're here speaking of Grammys I just
released a single on Oh
oh I see I see how did dismiss me now
Charles and everyone got the little
thing mother yeah miss me
uh Jackson Harris I'd like to check it
out I see how it is that way and when I
win a Grammy I can do that would be
pretty oh there you want to grab me you
better habitat shaycarl tattooed on you
I'm gonna have your daughter on my
shoulders perfect the others jaded dang
and I missed him they were performing
pentatonics I'm gonna interview these
guys today last time I saw them they
were in Australia at vid ich she has her
cool and I think I some at the YouTube
space perform once
anyways school excitement a lot of us
going on while people are gonna come by
for interviews
I only know half of them so I hope I'd
only ask some stupid questions okay
there's this little merit point today
and this little man it just did a china
doll face and it all especially did a
good job she got him to sleep
it's not easy that's a feat toy trust me
he's waking up as you say that would be
like no I was sorry we got on the
background book um anyways how many ways
go today so now we're at a different
shoot I'm at a mom's few shoot at maker
with a ghost knows it's that monkey
ghost goes the other kids were a little
bit bummed they couldn't come to the
shoot again but you only get one shoot
and in a while right
one thing about yesterday's shoot that I
didn't mention the kids had a tutor so
because they miss school they were able
to go to school on set so they didn't
actually didn't count for a miss day of
school do you get what I'm saying which
was cool so when they weren't shooting
they had a tutor that would teach them
according to the grade level or whatever
and then that doesn't count for a misty
of school and I also thought it was cool
cuz I'm like they're getting a personal
tutor so it's probably even better than
being at school when you're with a whole
class anyways I thought it was really
cool and they were like oh so that that
learn yes you gotta go to school
Josh here from the fou chillin that's
Dan just hanging out tuning guitars
jamming out Shay's actually teaching me
how to play guitar I am yes no I only
play the piano and the harp and I can do
you try to play the harp not a guitar
well I use my toes to play the harp but
it's pretty cool and my beard it's a
weird combination but I'm okay with this
is well be look interviewing people
sitting here rocking out rocking out
rocking out
dad because my mission will never put
this on what if you mean the plumber
give its all you got
all right you guys I just interviewed cz
boards show the picture Shane in our
interview we talked about how we hated
with chicks do duck face so here we are
doing duck face clap and now we have a
real-life jam session happening this one
with Erin always it's a jack up
Neverland go Stevie when the dad told me
that you know a rocker the get
that'll be da
me and I don't know where you when
you're lost lost at sea so she right
yeah jump on this yeah yeah wherever you
want table hello mostly left-hander
really
thank
and the cardio have the volume
everybody shaycarl here 56th Annual
Grammy Awards we are here the one and
only Ariana Grande
you're a major celebrity in my house I
have five kids and you're not I have
five children
I'm so young and handsome right I know
you're thinking like how does that guy
have five kids when you're on my TV all
the time my daughter actually I'm in a
big trouble because before I left this
morning she had this looks like Daddy
you see Ariana cover sign right here and
say - Avia yeah I gotta find something
cuz like on the way here like oh I left
it on my light you're the most and what
about Miranda sings
rich out and her cat yeah who doesn't
like I do I win
so how'd you feel about the whole
YouTube and Twitter thing you feel like
it's easier for artists together as a
Harvard example I think
I love liners and the youtubers jenna
Marbles
my brother is so funny I love my
brothers videos but I feel like this
you know it never beat up us - have you
got it you got it got it
you must read more right rights right
no I just
so what are you excited about in the
year 2014 you have any resolutions
things you wanted
my coat
just like
non-stop
overwhelming you are doing so music
the music party
really
and it's happening for you are
transitioning into being I think almost
well more well known for music than your
TV stuff it's easy it is no I mean it's
eyesight you got a rapid they're giving
me this sign I thought this meant that's
party smaller okay I'm gonna ask you
last question it's a tough one what do
you think about Justin Bieber's news
this morning
I think everybody gives them a really
hard time like sweet
- point girls to imagine it's about
health
maybe charity's okay
let's text it seriously more text in our
first wedding this little rock card I'm
what - you crashed on your head guys are
having so much fun he's so funny
yes but he's not always funny yeah we're
back together shooting I love this crew
shooting I always hate that term like
we're shooting what they want a shirt
really on the camera back on yourself
I'm sorry it's wrong I'm a soft wave
today and this Cochran lip so new ladies
to get laddering me you guys were going
to attend if I would've stayed sitting
oh I know wait Austin oh what's
happening we're trying to get a
thumbnail we're gonna coming up for the
episode we just talked about we talked
kind of about like kids having meltdowns
and stuff in stores and oh no there's my
child Evan you're not running hero
oh yeah cheating Carmen you guys
Carmen's here we were just talking about
last time we saw each other it was at
VidCon in 2011 the very first VidCon
they are huge she was just on Rolling
Stone I was actually in 2012 but they
have blown up and have a new album
coming out be sure to check it out our
corner doing some selfies himself this
show amar selfie Carmen had my favorite
line of the day she said once a youtuber
always a youtuber amen hallelujah sister
I've been just crazy crazy busy
interviewing and I haven't been able to
vlog very much but Jackson Harris he
talked me into interviewing Bonnie McKee
so I said go ahead dude you get this one
because he has a crush on her anyways
let me show you who she is you know her
even if you don't think you know her we
all love getting her sweetheart rate out
but one of the writers
I really don't think she would have
success without themselves
so bonnie has written probably like five
of Katy Perry's top songs any Katy Perry
song you like that's really popular this
girl wrote it what you doing making
yamir how does it taste exploration with
your body
kids are gross and adorable alright we
filmed a few episodes of the moms for
you and this little guy was straining
his head off for the last episode I
could hear him and I was like oh no I'm
sorry especially was her babysitting him
so he was okay but I just felt bad
because sometimes he's a little picky
about what he wants to drink he doesn't
like that bottle no we're just like
weekend mom is fun to suck on my hand
and then Cecily Boyton picked up the
other kids how was school today okay
good anything exciting to happen did
everybody know that you thought the
commercial yesterday what they say yeah
so no screams God
they were like dude you're in a
commercial his California kids are so
jaded how about you how was school kids
okay very good
I am going to start a nope I'm not going
to tell you because I know do it anyways
yes kids are jaded they don't how was
school they can like have a bomb go off
at school and they would come home and
be like how is school
Oh fine what happened nothing
how would you did you learn anything no
am i right following these learning
stuff he's learning gotcha P this is
learning mom do not let her hold me I am
wrapped that was a lot of fun I got to
interview a ton of people just another
cool experience man right here at the
Staples Center in Los Angeles California
where Kobe Bryant plays on
anymore cuz he broke his life but Magic
Johnson played here and Kareem
abdul-jabbar is right here
what up Kareem doing that skyhook and
this looks nothing like Magic Johnson no
offense to whoever did this that does
not look like magic Jones
Baskar De La Hoya coming in 165 pounds
you think Oscar oil they did fight huh
as I say do you think Oscar De La Hoya
beat mayweather floyd money-makin
mayweather but they did find it they
think Floyd won
he's undefeated I'm gonna go home and
make out with my wife she has nice soft
lips alright a lot of fun see you later
Staples Center also if you live in
Detroit I was on a radio station they
interviewed me if you live in Detroit be
sure to listen to me tomorrow on W DVD
in Detroit I don't know if you guys know
that radio station but I'll be on the
radio in Detroit that's cool with
Detroit like this time of the year I
heard it's cold oh and also uh
youtube.com slash Gibson I was there for
Gibson guitars all those interviews will
be going up on that channel youtube.com
slash gibson ariana grande interview all
go check it out there subscribe links
below in my pantalones that's Spanish
for paint biggest success of today was
getting Ariana Grande's autograph I am
Seri don't tell me what to do I know
anyways scary we just have this
love-hate relationship I got her
autograph for princess tard
I came through I did it I felt so bad
this morning because I forgot princess
tards little notebook that she gave me
and I was like dang it but at least I
got it I'll show you when we get home
I'll show you when I gave it to princess
tart she's gonna be so excited
she actually Cecily was watching the
kids today cuz clothes shoot a mom's
view video and Princess hard called me
from Cecily cell phone she's like dad
did you interview ariana grande I'm like
yes she's like did you take my thing
like no I didn't but I got her autograph
she goes you did I'm like yeah she will
send me a picture on Sally's phones like
ok so I sent her a picture anyways I'm
heading home now excited so my baby's
okay you guys we just got back from
maker and we got this present that's God
actually provides it's for daddy and
look at this oh my gosh it looks awesome
I think it's from the people that you
did like the PGA Awards with it's really
good
well I'm not I love the whole goodness
that's your long as you love me huh
because I have an ariana grande
signature my backpack
okay that that looks not it for me it's
not for you what is it he's give it to
you my basket
mhm it's actually for you it's your
present your best friend in the world
triage entertainment thank you so much
for all of your help Shay you are
terrific thanks for all the clips and
help me make this happen
oh this prior plan for the PG yeah you
are terrific yoga Ward thanks triage you
told me I'm supposed to tell you that
you can't have any of those those are
strictly for people who are nursing in
the basket no it's so I know I was all
right who wants
Oriana broaden okay listen I feel really
bad I didn't want to like stress her out
and ask her for a signature for
everybody but since princess Hart asked
me first and brought me her little
notebook I got Prince's tart an
autograph
you ready it is madam we met no wait I
didn't get to see it show is the real
thing oh that and this is the password
at the Staples Center that's it for the
Wi-Fi password
oh that's the Wi-Fi password the staples
I didn't I didn't show it yeah so a big
secret okay like it says secret what do
you think you sign that that's cool she
had a really nice thank you go I said
that to her I said you have a great
handwriting unless you punch
right majang cooler yeah yeah like
ariana grande you have that effect I'm
to be fine until she punched me right
there you wanna touch it
alright what's for dinner
starvin well I'm uh hi oh okay I think
you're grande what okay Oh what this hat
I like that huh
what age cousin so you look handsome
than that I do you can't have it yes
like sideways though I saw some hair
over here yeah what's up you got a
cookie for me or a muffin or something
cuz I really want to eat from Jersey I
don't really know when I ever talking
accents I kind of like mix them all
together and then it's just this big old
mix just like the melting pot you know a
melting pot of Adam Nelson kind of a
seriously all one of those muffins what
what your your accent nice to meet you
at chop you just come back from the
where did you go the Grammys oh the
Grammys Wow very good
you like it yeah I like it very much say
I like a spot of tea
I'd like a spot on to use comforts
please let's hear yours
I love I that British accent baby Carla
tears in second Gravlin access free yeah
yeah where's my little boy what are you
doing over here play with your
technology I missed you I love you
yep just another cool experience I got
to have because of the youtubes thanks
for watching my video if this is your
first time watching the Shaytards well
haunt you go ahead and subscribe we'll
make a video everyday but doing from
nearly 5 years
coming right up on that there baby drunk
yesterday is low right there click on
that little baby with the wolf on him
you won't click on I feeling lucky boy
yes I'm a surprise Cory hi 1 see what
shade I was one two three and four years
ago day click oh no scores my numbers I
was on Facebook and Twitter and we'll
see you tomorrow buckaroo giddy up
