don't pull me over dude it's just Shea
today huh huh huh get out with the dog
kid go and pick up the other kid from
escuela I don't think I've ever told you
guys why we call baby teza lupus
I kind of like it and like with the one
secret that I have from you ever gonna
tell you ha ha ha ha it has something to
do with who I'm not gonna tell you
you'll never know and either neither me
nor on ok sorry me feel flapping your
ears off the back window huffy I love it
there's nothing that satisfies me more
than having my dog hate his head up ray
go get your sister uh don't pick up
lupus from school do you love your
little sister yes your big sister huh
which sister do you like more baby tart
or princess tart
baby you're like baby tard more UI why
do you like her more
as what like her alright that's a good
reason do you guys realize that the
daily vlogs are ending in like 42 days
wow that's weird it makes me nervous
when I think about it I get anxious I
kind of get like what ah what am I gonna
do I feel like I should it's it makes me
nervous
it makes me like you know this has been
my life every day for five years no man
what the we'll see what's gonna happen I
still haven't decided I want to like
make myself go to the Monday through
Friday schedule but it scares me if I
honestly get like anxious like what if
people stop watching and you know I all
those like insecurities and I don't know
it's just weird it's different change is
hard for us as a human species we don't
like change so what I really wanted to
do is when I hit my 34th birthday on
March 5th I wanted to go like on this
big vacation with the family but we
can't because the kids have school so
they don't have spring break till April
so I think we are going to plan a
vacation in April and just go somewhere
like maybe Hawaii or something and take
a real vacation where I don't get on the
internet so like maybe I'll just keep
the daily vlogs going until then until
we go on the vacation in April or do you
think I should stop should I not be a
liar should I stick to my word and stop
it
March 5th the five year anniversary of
the Shh are blocks I don't know it's
tripping me out man five years of my
life has been doing this every single
day sure it's weird man hi you guys so
I'm on set today and hold on there's a
smudge on the camera just a second yeah
you're clean you guys clean yourselves
up
okay today we are on set and we're doing
a special thing I don't know if I can
tell you yet so I'm not gonna tell you
yet but
um the kids are with me I've got some
tart and Princess hard and they got to
miss school today they're so pumped
about it they're like yeah we're like
real movie stars we get him in school
and we get to just like eat food and
they are in one shot so they are
literally probably going to eat food all
day and just play there are gonna do
their homework guys don't worry there's
Tudor on set so it's all gonna work out
no worries but I'm excited so I'm just
in wardrobe right now I just got my
outfit picked out for this is what I'm
wearing
see I'm so mom today I'm the perfect mom
today that's my role I can't do it
anyways so that's the plan and now I'm
gonna go get my makeup done this is so
fun stay stay
alright spider pig let's go come on okay
let's get out of the truck we'll get
your sister what do you want to do today
just the three of us me you and baby
chisel you wanna do something fun what
do you got what's in your hand
I think this is good why do you like to
carry an Allen wrench everywhere you go
I'm gonna be a mechanic are you gonna
grow up to be an IKEA specialist on
spider boot and I can't specialist rock
cards IKEA furniture assembly just
$19.99 for one piece of furniture all
right let's go get your sister we write
back Ezekiel stay there you guard the
truck okay bro don't let anybody come
and get it don't think anybody they saw
that dog in the back of a truck would
come trying to steal this truck right if
I walked up and I'd be like I don't
think I want to try to get in that truck
that's a big animal stomping on the
great can you fix it with your allen
wrench oh you all right for the big
boots huh I love you all right some part
is in the makeup seat so cool how do you
feel dude good are you gonna be okay
we're in a little bit of powder and
stuff yeah you're cool you're you're
masculine enough comfortable in your
masculinity right uh-huh
when your dad wears makeup
all the time right honey you look cute
honey
yeah your bangs are still too long huh
furniture well she's not gonna have time
here we could let us do that I just a
hair spray oh yeah you haven't done your
makeup in advert he's ready for you but
I'm sweet all right did you have PE
today and tell me about it
boy when I was doing the lat yeah drag
exciting oh right ooh pass you yeah I
helped him friend of him and there was
one time where he I was running and I
was like this he was catching up but I
was just I tell you that's right you
don't let a boy beat you had a girl
proud of you nearly Neal the new menu
round and round we go round and round
and round and round and round and round
we go we're doing errands we got to do
some errands get some shopping done
first we're on the merry-go-round at the
grocery store what's going on over here
hi honey she's so excited thanks for
being on set with me today welcome
cousin go ahead it's okay goodbye don't
get a pair all right you guys this is
tripping me out like check it out look
cookie heats up our own candy Johnson
Haylee we have our own room with a star
on it that's kind of fun I'm excited
that's the first time that I've ever had
a star on my door let's see who's in
here oh look I'm number one even
well you know
there's a baby in my room I will just
have to keep him and take him home with
me
okay guys you have to see this - this is
like my room I've got a sink it's like
you know couch bed thing chair and guess
what's under here I go peepee in the
potty that's a toilet I just picked that
up and go peepee in the potty and my own
toilet
guys ready to get on the bus oh you guys
are doing go around okay
okay see you later I love you my babies
are off to school okay so I promised the
kids we'd go look around and Toys R Us
but we're not buying anything you
spoiled little brat just look in alright
I said you can get one little toy I told
her she can find something that's $20 or
less check this out though these are
these new I never seen one of these four
can go in all these different motions it
like simulates a car ride a kangaroo you
know babies are always in a Papoose qey
a tree swing Rockabye and an ocean wave
and you can select which motion you want
it to go in and then it like rocks in
that motion what are you doing are you a
baby huh is that comfortable
that's like a baby chair swing it's like
a baby porch swing you can put that on
the porch and smoke your stogie as you
sit on the porch and watch the sunset
yeah what a girl 1 are you too fat
you break that you're gonna buy it
oh you want to sleep on that bed that
would be a cool bed huh it's not for
girls
I guess girls have a cool convertible
bed too just like that that's pretty
sweet
what's over there knows what what do you
see I don't see toys everywhere what
what are you in look will you fill me
what is that yes what is it what is that
rock art I know well why do you care
then look at that what is it I don't
know that's right an angry bird good job
you guys there's lunch time on sex for
having this stop and I have the hiccups
don't talk any Johnson
this guy over here and he's drinking a
soda I breathe angel and you know this
is a really fun shoot I love it because
I'm with all the moms and because we get
to eat awesome food - I got this little
guy - because he's cooking I have big
ups to kinda sleeping how you doing
there be good what do you think of all
this I'm sorry
long days yeah daddy takes like over and
over and over again but it's worth it
socially getting on the bus we're doing
I know sometimes it gets like wait we
really have to do that again but it's
got to gotta get the perfect shot it's
always worth it yeah we're having a
really good time today on set and it's
it's exciting but it's a little bit like
oh I hold on I had something in mind and
the baby is sucking it all out of my
brain sometimes it's a little bit like
can I really do this but I read the
script and I'm like I don't know if I
can do that right but it's exciting you
just have to have confidence you have to
fake it till you make it right dude yep
yep fake it til you make it
you did a good job though yep very good
job yep I'm pretty amazing game and they
have grape crush soda I told him he
could have it even though it's not a
sugar day because I mean come on he 20
year without sugar but we're gonna stick
to the no sugar days it's really hard
what did you got though you're gonna get
yeah how much was it thank you name is
that less than $25 okay yep
okay you can get it more than anything
I'm trying to teach maybe tart about
numbers because she just did her
homework today and she's learning 10 20
30 40 50 so I told her that she gets
something for less than $25 I want that
one yeah but I told her that she has to
look at the price or anything she sees
that she wants to get him like well is
that less than $25 and she has to tell
me if the price is less than $25 before
she can get it so she found this for
$19.99 and she said you want it though
you want yes
all right your sister will be so jealous
oh wow a little a mini police officer
with a sword do you want to get that one
dude is that cool don't pull me over
dude me oh I see how it is you're taking
your new teddy bear on a test-drive huh
did you put a seatbelt on you better put
a seatbelt on safety first right teddy
bear fasten that seat belt do you put a
seat belt on yeah you're a good mommy
you know that yes always know about
safety huh good bear oh it is I thought
it was a bear it's a puppy bear you
years old L was i thinkin silly madhu
facin we're still on set what your mom's
and it's actually nighttime but you
can't tell we're trying to make it look
like daylight but it's actually
nighttime I think it's super awesome
well it kind of throw you off a little
bit it does yeah like the sun's coming
up at Fargo just last feel the night
yeah I feel the night I really know
wasn't that fun look you have a smile on
your face right now yeah you're smiling
you are smiling I bet you want to watch
another go yeah come on you can watch
one more do your homework later ah
that's a bad example well if you do want
to watch another one there are six
clickable options on the screen you want
to see yesterday's vlog well there it is
right there see where it says
yesterday's vlog that cute little baby
with the wolf shirt click on it feeling
lucky button I feel lucky to have that
beautiful bride in my arms you want to
see what the Shaytards are doing 1 2 3
or 4 years ago today click on those
buttons isn't it hey who noticed I know
there's a little crew of you you guys
are my Posse I've said it before I love
my little posse I call you my endslate
posse those of you who click on the one
two three and four years ago videos who
noticed the similarities in yesterday's
vlog with the three year ago button it
was titled a pig baby found in the
airport and yesterday's vlog was titled
don't let pig boy in I swear scouts
honor
hand to the square I do not
go look at those videos before I title
and thumbnail it so sometimes they're
just totally randomly related and it's
creepy how often they're similar so
anyways click on a video if you're on a
mobile device you can't click on it but
all the links to all these videos are in
the description below just click on the
show more button and you can see them
subscribe thumbs up comment love it
smile and as always we will see you
tomorrow
