hey squidgy mate I just think you're
working out and get some exercise and I
hear some pounding on the door and it's
slow squishy-face
hey squidgy face and I view windows
dirty from Zeke trying to get in Oh
who's this hi are you watching the
exercise - this is the challenge with
exercising trying to keep him happy he
can just go play he likes playing but
this little guy needs some mental help
but I found that he actually who likes
to just sit here and watch the TV while
I work out he likes watching those
dancing right you were right here wait
is that your cereal bowl dude dude what
if I was exercising and I stepped on it
that would be if travesty can you pick
that up and take to the kitchen you pick
it up and take it to the kitchen please
thank you careful not just bill careful
not to spill good job good job
careful he says hurtful thank you that's
so nice high-five gotta remember to pick
up after yourself we're working on that
gotta have order order in our house
little chaotic all the time but that's
the beauty of it - it's part of being
being a big family
hi little man I love you I have you I
know why are you doing this look
organized so you're organizing your they
organized princess
wait Thank You princess I saw this
organized I saw this everything oh
they're really wrong grace and I'm not a
pharmacy now that help
do you want to grow them out or do you
wanna pet him you are oh thank you show
me what you're doing
putting the yogurts away yeah what's
your favorite kind that Blanche one
orange one yeah yeah I love you he loves
the orange flavored yogurt Oh daddy oh
that was that's been in there for long I
was from one of his marathons oh my
that's how long that's been in there
time to organize so tonight is meatloaf
night we were gonna have it last night
but decided to go out instead so tonight
we're having meatloaf and it's my mom's
meatloaf and what inspired this is we
went to Costco got like one of those
pre-made Meat Loaf's which was good no
sex Costco it was good meatloaf but it
was not as good as my mom's meatloaf so
tonight we're making mom's meatloaf you
are being such a good helper little man
thank you yes reason those yogurts in
any way you can find it place thank you
wait how are you doing your hair are you
doing in a muscled bunny yes because I
need I need to pull my hair back for
meatloaf we don't want any hair in the
meatloaf do hair loaf me boy oh thank
you guess what just put one of those in
the fridge and then put the rest in the
cupboard can you do that yeah okay yeah
okay do you guys want to see the
meatloaf it does a little look great yet
it's not a meatloaf yet it's just a meat
pile just cause she meat pile sporty
mood sorry all you vegetarians out there
mommy's motivated it's not a bit
come on you can do it my imaginary baby
is on fire inside of the workpiece
bottle he's on fire and he's crying
inside the juice bottle baby gotta get
it he's burning up the only has
first-degree burns now tell me again
never call in the reinforcements let's
see if you saved the baby
he saved the baby pushing my buttons
you're pushing my buttons quit pushing
my buttons well your ten-year-old son is
officially stronger than you it's true
all right mommy taught made us another
delicious meal Meat Loaf salad potatoes
speaking of ten-year-old son being
stronger than me did you ask him how
they did in the miles today oh the
mirror I think Thunder got a personal
best would you get them out of the day
942 942 he broke the ten-minute barrier
very impressed my friend but listen to
her what did you get young lady eight oh
nine seven dude eight minutes and nine
seconds yeah if you didn't break in the
seven-minute miles that is impressive
she got second place out of her entire
class without first place scissor who's
that
mr. well just call mr. hot cheeto mr.
hot Chester cheeto got first place oh is
that why you went so fast young lady
busted
I'm proud of you guys good job all right
let's eat this meatloaf looks delish
yeah that's good and delish at the same
time her big are you I'm tall are you
sorry the blob was late yesterday guys
I'm a but he's not working he's not he
hasn't started eating it and we're all
counting down to export so now let's say
how big are you good you're big good
dude I'm starving I went on a 40 mile
bike ride today 40 miles well you got a
lot to say to try to stay quiet I'll
take you to all the sections of the
police station for air show you as much
as I can
the person we're gonna come to the front
desk it's like I said we have officers
behind the desk that are working all
right so they're entering phones before
I come in to talk we'll try to stay
quiet in there I didn't take you for the
communications offices where I work at
it what we deal with a lot of people
I'll tell you all about it we're gonna
make one solid why are we going through
all this building all right wait for a
trickle see whenever we can do an area
will try to bunch up we'll talk about
the area we'll go to the next area just
do guys oh yeah any question before we
start I've never a question start with
who what where why Irwin is not one time
and then he's my dad
and by a brick and we're not recording
it later this guy wants to know what
it's like to be tased I'll tell you what
I'll actually show you guys a Taser
later later it's not on anybody the
Taser hurts a lot I know this and
everybody knows who knows every police
officer goes through the Academy now
actually gets tased I mean who nice
little probes to you and they think that
they're called a five-second ride was
five seconds of excruciating pain when
electricity is coursing through your
body anyone ever seen a cartoon like
Bugs Bunny we're bike when you get
struck by lightning whatever trouble on
you or in the cartoon character they
brought the bell and also a suspects do
indicated by a Taser it makes you lose
control your body basically it shakes
excruciating pain and you're on the
floor next thing you know they turn it
off and everything is okay the great
thing about the Taser though though is
it hurts tremendously while it's going
the minute they turn it off there's no
residual pain at all you may have a
little scorch marks on your belly but
pain free once you're done the reason of
the most apparent to all for you guys
the reason to every officer have to get
tased so we know exactly how it feels so
we don't use indiscriminately out down
the public if I want to use it on
someone I don't want to know how much
hurt the how much gonna hurt them so
I'll know if what they're doing is
reason enough for me to actually use
that taser on them if the official walks
of life for three years I've arrested
people are trained they don't have a
home on the street crime is
indiscriminate of money didn't commit
crying play you're rich or poor and we
have them all in here if you take your
attention to the map on the board up
there westerly is one of the biggest
division you got this guy's got a lot of
work to do here oh there's a police rat
to check this out these are
loved LAPD so full do you like this dude
do you think it's cool
are you just yawning put you in the
holding cell yeah shoot those darts with
someone there still look good for that
saying all things one more press the
trigger I'll do anything they're
actually the fighting officer hey
everybody Shane here
she hasn't been giving me a lot of
screen time that's all hey uh
anyways this next clip is an old clip
meaning that mommy thar didn't turn her
footage in and so here it is now this is
from the other night when she was fat
because she's not taking shayloss
seriously
Hey for the start explain what's going
on right now why is mommy crying on this
look come tell us mommies our cover in
the middle of the bouncing girls and
tell me why you're doing push-ups um
dummy just change my diet all this way
so tomorrow is the shayloss way and
we're doing our diet bet and what's
gonna happen what is gained 4 pounds as
we waited yes you can it's my eating
good - and tell this weekend dude I've
been able to see the muscle in your
glutes I've been staring at your glutes
all day long it's mostly because I'm
really shocked like like it's so much
crap on sheyla's I can't wait I hope
they just tear you apart
Rahmi turn you're gorgeous no matter how
much you weigh but it doesn't work in
the diet bed it doesn't count for
gorgeousness yeah haha so did mommy tard
lose weight or did she gain weight the
first week of the diabetic shayloss
you'll have to click on that feelin
lucky button and go find out I love to
see her squirm like that night she was
like what am I gonna do I think I've
gained 4 pounds she was doing push-ups
and everything it was hilarious check
out yesterday's vlog Sun Tarr did it he
went an entire year without sugar so
proud of him if you haven't seen that
vlog click on yesterday's vlogs you can
go see what he ate the first thing he
ate after a year it's funny that look of
satisfaction when he took that first
bite was a real look of satisfaction he
was like
oh it's so good yeah we're so proud of
him he's gonna stay away from sugar it's
not like he's gonna just like Benjy we
are gonna be very strict on the Monday
through Friday no sugar days and then
we'll party on the weekends see what the
shade cards are doing one two three and
four years ago that's what those four
corresponding numbers mean on the bottom
click on our Twitter our Facebook our
Google+ and our twin the odds see you
tomorrow
