you guys guess what that's what rocked
hard
get out that's going to head over to the
love gargoyle Gardens a very special
family by which I am adding to the love
Gardens I have a small idea who it is I
am adding the Shaytards who are another
YouTube channel the Shaytards dude
Cooper's gonna think we're so cool now
we're in the love garden don't spit on
me think about it just think about it
we're in the lobby bro
cool thanks Tammy we appreciate it we
like it your love garden it's nice I'm
gonna have some carrots I need some of
the carrots is that cool class when the
carrot some you love garden are there
carrots love garden or just love what's
in the love garden rawr do you know yep
we're eating all the carrots sorry Savi
all do your carrots belong to us Garrett
hey Cooper that's pretty cool huh you
guys tweet Carly tell her to go show
Cooper the new stampy cam video a lot
that's a whoop and a whoop yeah that's
definitely right I there's two loops
right there I see that now now I have my
other son in my lap what's up dude so I
just had this moment I just uploaded
today's vlog and I titled it I'm gonna
be on TV and then it's a picture of the
smiling shake are all smiling for the
thumbnail and I kind of like felt this
like it's kind of selfish what we do
sometimes you know I sometimes I feel
like thought about me me me look at me
and we always get like so many
compliments and you guys are always
leaving us comments about you guys are
so awesome you're so great it's like
this big ego boost and I don't know I'm
just starting to think I was like is
that unhealthy
just I want to like make note of that I
think where I feel like I want to do
hopefully I'm doing things for other
people I don't know this is it this is
just an introspective thought I decided
to turn the camera on
are we Salford bless you bless you no no
this is not gonna come around for cross
right buddy hey yogi am I headed down to
the bait Gies that sounds like I'm going
to a golf tournament be nice to meet
Tiger Woods but I might see Brad Pitt
tonight oh boy I just recently got asked
this was like a last second thing to
come do interviews on the red carpet at
the producers guild awards it's at the
Beverly Hills Hilton and this is what
I'm wearing
do you like it here tell me a full-body
view I'm really showing off these shoes
I really like these shoes I think yes
that's good you look very handsome he
threw the jacket on I had never had a
blue suit before blue suit my first
first experience with the Blues so I'm
kind of nervous I mean you got to be
nervous right but here's the thing I've
had the advantage of being on a red
carpet before and the thing that I never
realized as an interviewer before when
you're walking the red carpet you want
people to ask you to come over because
you don't want to be the person that
walks down that nobody asks unless
you're an a-list celebrity then they're
just used to everybody else come yeah
but I've walked the red carpet before
where they're asking people to come over
I talk to them and I always walking the
red carpet I'm like do I mean to come
don't mean to come and then I've also
been on the other side of the fence you
red carpet interviewing and I felt
nervous to ask people to come over to
talk to me so it's money that I've had
like both experiences and now as an
interview I'm just gonna yell like come
over your Gloria because they want to be
asked to come over because it's like
they want to like get some promotion and
stuff to promote whatever project
they're working on so that's one benefit
I think that I have is that I'm not
gonna be nervous for that I think those
shoes are a benefit it's all right your
face is a benefit I can't oh I'm gonna
keep price hang on so I can take it back
what I never forgot about tacky
yeah I'll just go I just keep this arm
down the wheel see it that way I can
return it when I'm done I'm so glad you
saw that I don't know what do you think
is this dress
see enough I feel like it's like tuxedos
you look so nice and easy okay perfect
and look these are my lucky red carpet
some puffy red carpet side that's what I
wore to the AMA s and then like a few
others so every time I have a red carpet
thing I wear my orders that's actually
where my own song huh yeah well these
are my lucky socks I've already
established them as my lucky socks okay
I gotta go and your shoes are already
tight yeah
all right here we go I gotta find
directions directions to the Beverly
Hills Hilton let's come I've nervous I'm
a little nervous
always a little nervous get directions
to everything else it's not like nervous
nervous but you know like every get
anxious feelings
yeah anxious feelings excitement it's
exciting when you get on there and
there's always like really bright lights
and there's people are milling about
there's just like buzz that you feel
when you get on the red carpet it's cool
okay here we go enough talk well we're
just chillin today Shay left to go to
the awards ceremony that he's I'm
hosting the red carpet on we just
watched the game and the Broncos are
going to the Super Bowl I know somewhere
in Idaho Carly is just doing a
cheerleading dance for joy I just know
it good see does the Denver Broncos huh
all wrong really kind of much mom you're
not gonna play football are you dude
just kidding he might I don't really
love the idea of my boys playing
football I think it's a dangerous sport
but if they want to play whatever what
else what is just a really careful play
okay I'm here in the bathroom that the
Beverly Hills Hilton I love pictures
like this look at that that's classic
Dean Martin Frank Sinatra and MIT Romney
not over that Caymans
there's Humphrey Bogart I'm not
necessarily a history buff because like
I haven't done enough history study I'm
very nostalgic
like you know like oh wow those people
Frank Sinatra the Frank Sinatra has been
in this building stayed in this hotel
it's exciting to me it's like wow I wish
I could have been here when they were
here you know but I'm walking those sea
balls all right here we go check it out
the Beverly Hills Hilton foyer right
down there is the red carpet so I've
been here for a few events before and
it's always crazy sitting here right in
the valet spot probably some of the most
interesting people watching you could
ever do is right here in the valet like
talk about extravagance some of the
nicest cars I've ever seen pull the
right through this place right here
right out here is where all the ballers
pull in I've seen Lamborghinis all kinds
of stuff go through here okay here we
are the red carpet the PGA's check it
out it's super red red I'm gonna put my
name hey Carl hi straigt Carl here at
the PGA's 2014 25th anniversary of The
Producers Guild Awards I'm vlogging with
my camera lady Highland wave I'm
vlogging you all right I've got an
opening
so my Adrenaline's going man I'm like
still a little bit shaky I pulled over
because I wanted to tweet a picture of
me interviewing Brad Pitt Brad Pitt I
just tweeted you don't care do I go look
at my Twitter I instagrammed tweeted and
Facebook and Tumblr that's why I like
Instagram Instagram because you can you
know pote you can post a picture and
link it to Facebook Twitter Instagram
and Tumblr it's like killing for social
media burns with one stone
I met and spoke with Brad Pitt tonight
it was crazy uh I we spent most of our
conversation kind of making fun of not
necessarily making fun of but the
interviewee interviewer before me asked
him about his haircut he kind of had the
Macklemore do going where he had the
side shaved go look at my Instagram
picture you'll see his haircut and the
guy said what's the inspiration for your
haircut and Brad Pitt seemed kind of
annoyed by that question he's like it's
for a role so when he came up to me I'm
like what kind of gel are you wearing
tonight and he started laughing about
that and it was I hope it didn't like
offend the guy because I don't know it
was just weird I'm just trying to read
into it too much he was taller than I
thought uh handsome Brad Pitt oh wow
it's so cool it's not like he's you know
a superhero or a god erine he's just a
dude but it's still like you know
somebody you grown up watching all those
movies you know Benjamin Button a river
runs through it might be one of one of
in my top five favorite movies of all
time because it like reminds me of me
and Casey like growing up like the you
know the relationship if you've seen a
movie river runs through it like the
relationship those two brothers had and
that movie always reminded me of me and
Casey growing up like we were the
brothers the butler brothers who are
always like daring and like the scene
where they go in the canoe down the
waterfall you know what I'm talking
about and my dad loved flat fly-fishing
anyways I'm just rambling had a great
night what a life what a life I would be
remiss if I didn't pause for a moment
and just say thank you
to you for all those people who have
watched us in our videos it's one of
those moments it's one of those you know
seminal moments in your life or you're
like I just interviewed Brad Pitt Forest
Whitaker some of the the biggest I
interviewed Bob Iger who is the
president and CEO of Disney probably the
most powerful guy in the entertainment
industry Bob Iger owns I don't he
doesn't own Disney but it's like
maybe I'm at a loss for words I'm
getting text messages thank you for
being a part of our lives it's because
you guys watch my videos that I have
influenced it's because people watch my
videos that people like the PGA's want
me to go on the red carpet because of
you I just wanted a thank you what a
night I'll look back on this night with
fondness for a long time it's just so
exciting and but yet like nervous at the
same time like stop it like I didn't
want to be there because I was so
anyways I love you guys and just being
cerebral that a stupid thing to say I
don't know I'm excited I'm gonna make
out okay all right I'm home with the
biggest stars in the world these guys
you want to keep it yeah we're gonna do
with it like a show entail you put in
your scrapbook your memory box scrapbook
memory box what's the difference what's
the diff what are you guys doing secret
box
let's see these tricks I'm watching I'm
watching is that a donkey kick key huh
I'm watching Jude that was radical how'd
you do that I did too I vlogged it I'll
see you tomorrow and I edit this I'm
watching everybody go yep watching with
both my eyes awesome
watch it I'm watching you guys it's rock
hard sir nobody watch out holy whoa that
was actually good give me five
yeah do it again bro let's see it one
more time let's see it lets see it go oh
come on you're getting worse the person
was way better
okay go guys all right my turn watch
let's watch watch what you ready
hiya Zeki
are you kissing him oh he's loving it
he's loving the kissing look I'm better
oh poor guy come on we gotta go put your
spray on you need to put your spray he
lets me spray okay jump okay jump oh
okay so I did a crappy job at getting
footage on the red carpet but don't
worry all the interviews I did will be
on YouTube it's gonna be on The
Producers Guild Awards YouTube channel
I'll put a link below I'm not sure when
they're gonna be up but all of the
interviews will be there I interviewed
every producer and director of every
major motion picture that is winning
awards we're talking about gravity
captain Phillips American hustle
what's the other one anyways so they'll
all be on there and I'll tweet and
Facebook and I'll tell you guys when you
guys can go watch those my I'm excited
I'm excited to watch my interview with
Brad Pitt again because really I don't
remember anything that was said other
than the hair thing it's like a total
blur Forest Whitaker the girl from 12
years of slave oh here's a great moment
I hope we got on camera after Brad Pitt
walks away I'm freaking out and I'm
biting my microphone the main actor in
12 years of slave is standing there
waiting for me to interview him as I'm
biting my microphone I turn around and
realize he's standing there I'm like oh
hi I just met Brad Pitt I'm buddy my
microphone do you want to bite and he
just looked at me and laughed anyways it
was an awesome night I love you guys
I'll let you know soon those guys those
videos were on like click on yesterday's
vlog a feelin lucky button if you want
to see the Shaytards are doing one two
three and four years ago those buttons
are correspondingly numbered as they
should be happy Martin Luther King Day I
love you goodbye
