and we're rolling no preparation
literally walked in I even think the
front door is shut from church just got
home watch out watch out there she as I
see her I see her I see her
hey everybody it's one take Sunday one
take Sunday one takes Sunday okay are
you a dinosaur I need to know the
consensus are we having barbecue chicken
or intellectual ah oh
okay if you want to enchiladas raise
your hand mmm three
I count for six votes - by the way if
you want barbecue chicken and potatoes
raise your hand Oh bro tar doesn't count
I won't bother you chicken MA and a
baked potato with the works I'm talking
chives and bacon itself even but I won't
bore that gonna be delicious
yes siree Bob I like some butter corn on
that you got some cornbread mama because
look at me I do not talk like that
father you are slandering my voice and
personality I will not stand up for it
we've gotta be skanking me the whole
time hey oh there he is there's the
puppy of the palace there's the puppy
alright let's do an update come here
Rosie Guardi is your gold boy is your
boy
okay okay okay you want to get up hung
up I see daddy you want to see daddy
look at us cause they're gonna pause
okay come here let's see your sort can
wear come here
okay you guys yeah it was bleeding I
have been spraying the stuff on it
it is scabbing up and the swelling has
gone down a lot you probably can't tell
from the camera but the inflammation has
gone down quite a bit so - dude we're
having enchiladas I'm the father I'm in
charge of this world
five good to think whatever you want
tomorrow
they don't listen to the children can I
have in July I'll make enchiladas
lunch is where enchiladas are so
delicious you don't like enchiladas
let's unheard hate your enchiladas you
make sure crappy club they're not spicy
they're not spicy
he doesn't make them spicy spicy
barbecue chips dude barbecue chickens
more spicy than enchiladas that barbecue
sauce is spicy it's tangy it's like a
Tang spice it'll burn your tongue
serious how is church you look handsome
baby tired what has gone into you today
yeah are you a dinosaur like a smile hey
buddy what your dad so hey-oh
announcement you guys I'm not sure if
you were aware of this or not but bro
tard he built the railroad thanks for
doing that yeah dad look at him you see
that face he was shaking his head me and
John Henry me and John Henry built that
railroad that boy could swing a hammer
look at a husband facial expressions oh
yeah we have another kid don't we there
he is
think of the devil here comes mr.
handsome himself is that the wolf of
Wall Street coming in here when it was
vest on his tie you just sell a bunch of
shares in your company bro huh got some
mutual funds you can talk to me about I
see alright we're back home from church
um I actually have another chore to
accomplish today um I might be
interviewing Brad Pitt later today crazy
what you know - sugar bit oh yeah that's
it do you believe it you in a whole year
do you want some ice cream tonight get
him some liquor do you want some candy
come on just have some starbursts don't
your skills you've got one day left just
do it dude it you want some pot girl
girl we had a birthday in the fridge
sure
that was um I actually a couple days ago
I got a head up to host the red not host
but like do interviews on the red carpet
at the PGA's which are the producer
Guild Awards and there's going to be
some big celebrities there it's at the
Beverly Hills Hilton in Los Angeles what
in Beverly Hills Center can wait until
twelve o'clock at night and 12:10 and
then you can Dennis tell me well he'll
be in bed before that it's a school day
tomorrow oh no it's Martin Luther King
the guys they don't have school tomorrow
mo okay speaking of which Martin Luther
King great man
we watched the butler last night with
roses name okay Laurence Fishburne but
uh Oprah Winfrey's in it I can see him I
guess his face anyways
really good movie makes you hate white
people watch that movie I'm like I hate
white people white people are sure do
you hate white people
I like your white anyway hey what what I
heard they do have trash cans for people
that have darker skin in half chest
right it was called an ice cube it was
called segregation it was horrible they
showed it in the movie last night it was
like white people got a drink it had a
white drinking fountain and a black
drinking fountain and it showed the
courage that it took for the people at
that time to stand up and say this isn't
right and then like we were what you got
to see the movie it's really good it's
on what's wrong a week or on demand yeah
man it's interesting to me because I
guess I feel like that was so long ago
but it really wasn't people that are
alive today experience that yeah and
then the coolest thing was so this story
is basically about a butler who was a
servant or a butler in the White House
for 32 years he served eight presidents
and he went from the story went from him
working on a cotton farm to him like I
think Reagan was the last person he was
Butler for and then he voted for
President Obama which I thought was such
a cool thing like
how things have changed from you know
being segregated to actually having a
black president yeah he was he was a
slave in the beginning of the movie yeah
um it's not cool not cool love everybody
that's the message love everyone black
gay white Jew Gentile we are all God's
children well not so much but I mean
that you got to draw a line somewhere
okay the cash cans for white people yeah
you said that already bro hey where'd
you learn uh who taught you that
it's Pippin do you guys have black you
have a trash cans for black kids at your
school you don't still practice
segregation do you you go okay good cuz
that would not be cool and I have to
call your principal did she teach you
that what do you think about that yeah
she was reading a book though and we saw
that perfect on the picture how do you
think about that you think that's fair
no why not cuz people people couldn't do
whatever trash cans you want even if
they're dark skin and my skin why do you
think people did that back then I can't
help was me JJ your your your your
father's daughter
what's going on over here bro tardes
being good being a good boy anyway it's
happy Sunday to everybody let's turn on
the TV turn the boo - I think the Denver
Broncos are playing today who's rooting
for the Patriots
we got a Seahawks Niners playoff game
and Patriots Denver Broncos I have to
leave I have to go to the PGA's at 4:00
so I'm nervous I'm not gonna be able to
see it I've really been excited about
this game so I think I'll um it follow
me on Instagram Twitter and Facebook and
I'll be posting pictures tonight from
the red carpet at the PGA's
I'm pretty excited about it can you go
put these in your drawer Kurt can you
say hi to these people no dad
Kate listen put your tie away don't put
him on the floor go put them in your
drawer okay you put him away
wait I forgot one seat he's usually
pretty good at dawn and you're Zeke's
feeling good he doesn't feel he doesn't
seem sick at all this is getting a lot
better we've been spraying that stuff on
it religiously did you put it away in
your drawer it go put it in your drawer
be sure to put it in your drawer where
it goes put it in your drawer you got to
put it away sontar get in here and clean
this room up I realize that it's your
three-year-old brother who does the
majority of it that's just part of uh
you know being an older brother I know
it sucks sometimes but you have to help
clean up after the little babies the
little bros hey pumpkin wanna smile at
daddy
hi I'm so glad you built the railroad
you've really helped with
transcontinental trade and we're really
appreciative of it and look zekiel got
all riled up the other day and was
running around and went to jump on this
bean bag oh crap I hope our landlord
doesn't see that we have to fix that we
have to call a repairman zekiel
you big monkey running your butt into
the wall okay one take sunday we love
you we'll see you tomorrow one last
words mommy tizzle was excited to see if
you actually had to talk to Fred Pitt
today I don't know if he'll be there but
he has nominated for 12 years of slave
yeah so there there is a possibility he
could be there and it looks like we're
having chicken enchiladas Hey go take
your pants off okay love you guys any
last parting words ah love love
everybody regardless doesn't matter what
happy Martin Luther King Day yes okay
see guys tomorrow bye
