once again we part ways my friend he's a
big bass Lee there he is and most
powerful beard in all the universe yeah
all right senator come off let's do this
thing
I'm just gonna trim it a little bit and
boom Shakalaka work done any like the
new beer the Duchesne tile beard it's
cool okay thanks well friends I still
have not worked out and yes I have baby
spit-up on my shoulder don't judge me
but I have to get it in before tonight
because tonight Shayna are going in it8
we haven't been on the date for a while
and we might meet the Noles tonight and
go on a double date so I'm really
excited about that and yes I will do
something with this area before the date
okay okay all right so I'm headed to the
YouTube space to film a theme for
television let's ask Ali if I cannot
tell you guys what it is I don't think I
can but let's ask Alessandra can I vlog
what I'm doing today like what TV show
and stuff that I'm going to shoot and
stuff and stuff and ping and stuff that
was a very official message I think
she'll get right back to me probably
let's wait and see all right let's see
what she says
any of the contestants you can't show
yet until the show actually airs so most
of the footage that you're gonna get
today and any pictures going to stop out
there PR team is gonna let me know what
you can release tomorrow and I've also
double tried to double check with that
and that maybe like a picture with one
of like the judges who's like a normal
Bobby Flay he's a curry character okay
alright so I just gave you a hand
well Ali did I think I can tell you I'm
going to shoot something for the Food
Network obviously I can't like reveal
what happens it's kind of like it I
don't know but you know gate but yeah
I'm shooting something for the Food
Network all day today alright are you
guys ready to work out we're on Friday
I've done really good this week
I missed Tuesday so that means I'm gonna
need to work out tomorrow as well
I'm feeling good there was yeah there
was some some emotion some emotion
because I'm like oh I can't do but you
know what you gotta push through that
and just do it
you guys ready let's turbo kick it up
baby's sleeping and Little Rock charts
in here in the bathtub are you having
fun oh these are getting clean
I stink it is your fart to fart yeah you
I'm sorry TMI let's go work out what's
this YouTube you speak of I have heard
of its many times here's my dressing
room look I got the lights the lights
are the lights and the lights
I shine and today I shine in today
that's done okay hey okay so I'm here
shooting with the Food Network I already
met Bobby Flay and I got a picture with
Alton Brown these guys are cool I
basically can't tell you guys much other
than I'll tell you when I can tell you
but this is what I'm doing all day so
I'm not gonna be able to film much
because they don't want me to show
anything because it'll just give away
the story when people try to watch it on
TV say tarts can't ruin it YouTube space
this place is crazy man anyways that's
what I'm doing it's a lot of fun okay
all right something special has happened
so your pious man has home
but could it be okay we had to have a
little lesson on packages there you go
okay what is it there it is
wait it's not the 20th yet we have to
ask dad why because normally he would
hand you the money like this here son
tard
this is your year of no sugar reward and
it's not that day yet that's money well
it's not I wonder but it's a part of it
so what if you what if you make sugar
tomorrow you can look at it we gotta set
it up anyways gotta get the account was
set up and everything so exciting what a
great reward for earning it by himself
going a year without sugar I couldn't do
it and I'm not even gonna try alright
you guys so basically I have been I
haven't got any footage because I can't
film anything outside of this room I've
been stuck in this room all day this is
like my little hangout I got here at ten
in the morning it is 6:30 at night so I
basically just been sitting here editing
and upload speed at YouTube is a steady
which makes sense it should right
YouTube should have a fast upload speed
before
remember when planning a Hollywood of my
fastest internet speed YouTube this vlog
normally 220 oh man and think about that
it's 21 minutes this uploaded in like
eight minutes it was like the old Planet
Hollywood speed you guys remember I used
to rant and rave about the Planet
Hollywood internet speed YouTube space
Amen hallelujah
I want to peak out here I'm gonna show
you guys how crazy busy
and get trouble there's a lot of people
with walkie-talkies and ear things
walking around a TV setup crew is
probably three or four times for an
internet video it's just like there are
people up on people up on people here
it's crazy I wouldn't doubt if there was
200 people here working on this TV show
right now it's been fun though I have
really had a good time I can't tell you
what it is I'm excited for it
yeah I really want to talk about it but
I can't it's been a lot of fun it'll be
on the Food Network don't worry I will
let you know when it comes out but it's
been a lot of fun
that's wrap that's a wrap on shake Carl
let's move them on now I had I'm
sincerely saying this I really had a lot
of fun today um so this I can't tell you
what it is because I really want to like
explain it to you here's one thing I
learned today I know a lot of people are
like reality TV isn't real this was real
they did have like I got to really be
careful on what I say I had to sign an
NDA saying that I couldn't say anything
but basically it's a reality TV show and
it was real like the thing that they did
they had rules and they stuck to those
rules and it was like really as it
happened it was fun and it was a blast
like I was there from 10:00 this morning
till 7:15 tonight so it was a long day
but I had a lot of fun everybody is so
professional because it's like it's TV
so it's like it's like two major leagues
or something and everybody is it's
almost too professional for my liking
it's like there's a lot of like oh you
can't do this because it's not your job
where you know within an Internet world
and YouTube land it's like everybody
just kind of like pitches in and does
their thing and just to make the project
but with that it's like if your job is
to do lights that's all you do
you better not dare touch the camera or
anything else you know I don't know it's
just a cool experience I have a lot of
fun I'll let you know when it's live it
sucks that I can't say anything you guys
know me you know how I love to tell you
every little aspect and detail and I
usually get in trouble for it but I
can't because
TV people come and sue me or something
you guys I'm headed home we're gonna go
on a date it's Friday night and I have
not been on a date with my hot wife for
ages have you seen her lately she's
pretty hot
oh my monkeys here we got a date I'm
using a flashlight with the knife nosy
one black Joe and mom girls weren't a
hat tonight
nice style choice ladies heads like the
movie baby she's a baby turn around and
a diaper bag it's like a backpack and
she has a baby on the front of her I
told her she's like a mom astronaut I
feel like she's gonna go baby rock
climbing look at the little guy he just
needs a carabiner and a rope and you're
ready to go like a jet pack that goes
where's your baby backpack you're
holding all my you know look at me yeah
this diaper bag
yeah no I didn't want here you guys
here's a little tip if your newborn dad
or a new baby owner do you have you've
recently purchased a new baby let me
teach you how to carry him in their car
seat there's a sweet little trick here
we just slide your arm in here I think
actually somebody on the internet told
me this sure taught me this last year
when we first moved out here to LA work
stuff good we had Audrey choose the baby
not always carry around I'm like so I
reloaded let me show you let me give you
a little Dada tip here's the way to
carry the baby you throw your arm
through the thing instead of holding it
right there throw it down there it works
wonders baby we saw that new movie
shadow recruit with Chris Pine and Kevin
Costner it was good I was on the edge of
my seat I really liked it was an
actually there's like one scene I was
like oh come on it's cheesy but the rest
of it was good
hey yeah they just watch today's video
Julia's loggers I'm definitely I like
the sense like it's like this sense late
it's good I think it's like big open
pictures easy clickable stuff I love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow hey gotta
apologize for yesterday's thumbnail I
really was cracking up over all that I'm
now so gross but hey good news I should
have loved that today I'll vlog it
Zeke's sore is looking way better I've
been spraying that stuff on it keeping
it clean I kind of like have been making
him stay out in the Sun more except like
the Sun will kind of help cure it is
that a weird hippie thing to think but
anyways it's looking way better so I'll
vlog it for tomorrow's blog well
tomorrow's won't take Sunday I'll show
you tomorrow okay I love you see
tomorrow bite
