should I show them this or uh you
probably should it's so gross because
it's just one of those things you got to
see to believe right yeah let's show
you're gonna be okay oh I don't think I
should show that I think I should cut
that out
Oh
babe
whoa
Oh
three
morning it's time for kitty hey sleepy
bones it's time for school it's time for
that a squirrel a place where you go and
you like learn and stuff you want to go
to that yes yes yes no no no yes yes yes
well you are a sleeper send a get up
morning was this that's a bundle of toys
and head things and what but where's
this where's this where just come from
that looks like fur is there an animal
in here
hey you furry animal yeah it got their
furry animals it has been very difficult
for us to get up because we like the
occasion where you get to stay up late
and sleep in that's more fun but it's
not vacation anymore she turned a good
up what do you guys do to get up in the
morning Shay's mom used to throw water
on them she would get them maybe two
warnings they didn't listen it was water
time it was flood in the bed and it was
not fun but if you don't get up I might
have to start throwing water on your
face hi you want to get up leave me
alone hi hi hi hurricane the hurricane
in the morning hurricane of warning
breath
is that gross you're so cute
you know what right now you're gonna be
like mom what are you doing why are you
flying me it's early in the morning two
years from now when you look back on it
you just gonna see how cute you lie if I
see how cute you are
and you better like it I'm annoying I
know that's what moms do in the morning
get up now yeah work you're kidding us
what could this really cute ingenuitive
thing that she did hold on let's turn on
the bigger lighter he's ready this
morning he's horny
oh that skied off okay look what she did
isn't this so cute she put her as you
put a string on it and it's like a
person now and she can take her little
bracelet things they love to do at
recess Hey look at that sunshiny face I
love you your face is sunshiny - sorta
let's see your smile let's see your best
morning smile what what Taylor Taylor
why she I heard her voice and I went out
that is awesome you got tail okay then
we go down your ear I was waiting to get
it that's a play phone guys just so you
know I do not give my children phones
yet I know that some of you have phones
when you're super young but I'm just not
ready for that yet I'm not ready
oh yes yeah yeah sorry but your face is
too cute I have to play with it I have
to brave a value are you up now sunshine
now I see your safe-side vital to
country boy I don't wanna get out it's
comfortable all right children it's time
to go get your brother out of it
good morning good morning my sunshine my
little sunshine my whore
ah mr. earthquake of love it's an
earthquake of love are you awake
yeah can we see your best sunshine face
I'm going to tickle you oh we get that
sunshine face where to go
where do doo doo face thank you I love
you I know you squishy yeah time to make
breakfast what's for breakfast guys
serious cereal did it that's right
cookies no guess what I bought mint
jelly Oh
so I got my kids cooked on Appleman
jelly I used to love it when I was a kid
in here because it's green and so you're
like yeah what is that but then you put
on your toast and it's so yummy I was a
kid said um sucessfully how do you pick
that stuff on your stuff and I was like
little gross and then I finally tried it
I was like mmm see what happens when you
try new things kids you might find that
you love it you might find that you
don't love it but it's worth the try
right yeah well wait stop stop red rice
I forgot what it's called and right yeah
you made it for Jared I didn't eat no
she was awesome
oh that rice I think so I didn't like it
so I didn't even try it so I put up rigs
is sink and I wanted to try one bite
then I ate the rest of it so so good
good see you might discover something
because you love hey bugger picker and
you know it's a key let's get cookies
for breakfast and where were you raised
in a barn me
today we're at Oh and we felt cookies
and he says Jack can we go
cookies mmm oh well we are not you
having cookies for breakfast I'm sorry
but we all have toast it's just as good
okay yeah there's the green or z jelly
well I think it's weird that it says
shake while on the top and it's a jelly
so it's like you shake it but when you
open it it's just it's jelly see so like
why do you need to shake it shake your
jelly I don't know they want jelly
jigglers I guess and we will fight I
will I'll win and it will be up and I
was like with my might what's it called
oh yeah
sidekick bye-bye'd we are the spider-man
the spider-man that's why the man who
dis spider-man fights and this
spider-man makes breakfast
I don't know did you know spider-man
make breakfast to make I just say make
breakfast
I'm turning into a child oh that's
better mangas hugs - what do you want me
to make you I will make a flag a planet
yeah do you know it's called sandwich
yeah can you say sandwich I would say I
was always saying sandwich you say
sandwich Sam Sam Oh Sam which oh it's
actually called a sand-witch which is
weird maybe we don't put sand in our
witches first and walk according to
rocker it's either a fan
or a sand wall there silly sounds wet
sandwich
good job I there's a weird Sun in the
sky it's 10 a.m. in the morning but it
kind of looks like sunset it's pretty
and all the lights I like it
what are you laughing what was he doing
it was like wanting to sign up
what would this what the sign say oh
yeah I forgot you can't read your loser
yes that's not any way to encourage a
young child be excited about reading I
am sorry I apologize you're not a loser
just you're just not very smart I love
you Lucas I love you alright uh is that
make you feel bad you know I'm joking
are you gonna punch me don't punch me
please don't punch me
you're so vicious you're such a mean
girl um we have to take Ezekiel to the
doctor that little cut that opened up on
his back it's just like it's looking
gross and he needs we got it we got it
gets me
it's a professional Elvis hey rock hard
I have a question you said you can wear
that cool of a hat to the store yeah
look at me look at me what are you
holding in your hand
Emma you'd have an allen wrench
you just carry Allen wrenches and boots
you're quite the utility man
what do you see Annette a slob a frog
and a lizard I love you you guys were in
a little bit of footage the battery's
about to die yeah yeah I hate that the
vloggers worst nightmare okay here we
are real quick
there's Davy tart there's rock hard rock
drivers holding the leash there's
Ezekiel he has a sore on his neck I
don't want to show you because it's
gross so we're out to find out he all
right Zeki
huh Oh was that the doctor coming dude
seriously tell me more about that hat
where'd you get that hat this is so cool
yeah it's cool you hold Ezekiel Brock
tractor says I like see dad he's a cute
puppy all right wait for the doctor will
see here with the diagnosis is like the
kitties yep Ellen get this one will you
name him what we named him and he's like
cat you'll name him cat yep okay so we
just got back from the Pet Detective
the doctor the veterinarian um so what
happened I didn't really talk about I
didn't vlog about this that much I
realize is that when we're in Idaho Zeke
had this like thing was almost like a
mole on the back of his neck and it
started to grow a little bit but then
Molly
Carly's dog bit it and it opened up and
it turned into the sore on the back of
Zeke's neck and then like it was getting
better and we were putting like
neosporin and stuff on it it was getting
better and then he would itch it and
like tear it open again and now it's a
disgusting looking gross wound trying to
find mommy tard I'm gonna yell at her
hi dad are you were quiet enough to be
quiet what did I show them the sore uh
you probably should that's so gross
because it's just one of those things
you gotta see to believe right yeah so
they gave us some topical ointment for
it and then they did a test they think
it might be a tumor there's these like
little tumors that dogs get that she
said would be easy surgery just to get
rid of and it's not like anything scary
but uh I'm gonna show you guys the sore
they just cleaned it up they shamed
around his hair and they like cleaned it
up but it's it's not pretty like
anything try like don't judge yeah and
we're watching Twilight was shown you're
gonna be okay um I don't think I should
show that I think I should cut that out
really it looks so bad it looks a lot
worse because they just like like
cleaned it all off and like it looks a
lot bigger than it was like had a scab
on it and it looked like it was capped
up so we thought it was getting better
but then he picked this tab and it was
like oh it's like every every two days
it like starts to get better he'll get
us Pau back there and just rip it open
he gets one of those nails inside of it
just like tears it open
so anyways should I cut that out it's
pretty gross looking
maybe I'll just make it a thumbnail I'm
sorry
like we did this to him yeah it's just
one of those things and we're trying to
fix it and it kind of scares me because
it really escalated quickly like it was
just this small little more and then all
sentences giant sore is gross why is the
phone phones beeping anyways so they
sent in the test so we have to wait 48
hours and they're gonna send us the test
results back to let us know if it's a
tumor
if not they gave me this topical spray
to spray on it supposed to spray on it
twice daily and hopefully it'll get rid
of it
just gross again it doesn't hurt him
though like he doesn't actually get
hurts him like he'll it shit cuz it's
like I think it like itches him and he
like itch it and then he like smells as
nail
that's kind of gross sorry I hope you
were eating okay guys so Shay Chuck's
the camera with him but he didn't have
batteries but I'm thinking that maybe he
just used that as an excuse because he
didn't want to show you his new outfit
did you get a new outfit fashion show
Kay please oh it's just show me oh
that's nice I can't I guess sure yeah so
after I actually don't know if I can
tell you I have to shoot a thing
tomorrow all day long
for a TV show it's gonna be on a network
didn't knew it I don't think it's
actually gonna be on TV till June that's
how TV works so I have to shoot all day
tomorrow and then it won't be on TV
until June so I had to get a new outfit
so uh I just want to see it yes go try
it on do fish shoes and everything don't
snitch don't fit what's the word I'm
looking to skip step that niche on you
gotta tell Dylan
okay okay I'm excited I love dashing
shows hmm
so I actually went to Twitter to ask
about help with the pants shoes and a
lot of you said the dark majority of the
people said the dark pants with this
coat hmm um so got this look I like it
Jude shake our legs start running again
real soon along with me I have been
doing good though he's so cute who are
you being cutest Lester hey bumpkin hey
nice mohawk you got what are you staring
at
smiley daddy it's my eye on it no okay
okay so what do you guys think the blue
shirt blue with the job
Jeremiah there's the shirt what do you
think tell me what
there's the shirt okay Thomas to
insurance and tell me what you guys
think blue or the other one I love you
so much they just hold
oh I'm gonna lose it
huh like we're the same way about myself
I think that one that looks so nice look
good yeah honestly the problem though
okay back up
I'll show you hold on I take this off
and I relax we got this I don't like it
I don't like mine either but that's why
we started Shay laws right we're running
at the gym right now I'm serious do you
mind if I went you're doing a bike ride
today they want a bike ride today but
I'm fat I'm not sure if you saw exhibit
a that's not gonna change overnight
don't make me feel better I don't like
it nothing works try to put clothes on
you have a big event it's like no I got
a name
Oh least your rooms clean are such
scumbags or not camera or just pity we
are scumbag Fatso's and I've gotten the
rest of house clean just not this part
yet oh that looks really nice too I mean
the collar definitely looks sharp like
really nice but that looks like shaycarl
style less I'm going formal shaycarl
style and I'm wearing a hat I think
they're gonna let me wear the hat
shaycarl shirt shaycarl hat jacket I'm
the guy who wears on merchandise Hey
look at me I said shirt Santa I think if
it were a different I mean right now
saying is that if it were for something
different maybe the collar would be
better but I think for what you're doing
is that's gonna be great what are the
shoes you forgot the shoes I love those
shoes I really do they like stick out
too much they're like trying to make me
do it
I'm wondering if because you're wearing
a hat yeah you might need to change the
shoes I'm not sure try me worry more my
Jordans and curly hair yeah Mormons
it'll try them on is let's see how they
look okay hold on I'll be right back
well I think that looks really snazzy
too like this that's the trick okay with
the
the pants over the tongue with the
tongue out that let more like I'm a rap
star I you know I don't even know
anymore
I think tongue in over yeah I feel more
I feel more comfortable with it yeah
that's what that's what I think hey you
look really you look really nice really
yeah yeah I shave my beard tonight too
should I or should I let those
television cameras get the full shave
beard in the Sun you mean shave it off
ah Morrow like chance trim it up yeah
trims always in order I was I won't get
a haircut - yep time okay that's okay
yeah I think it looks really great I
think that's the most important things
that I feel comfortable yeah you gotta
feel comfortable if you're going on a
show or something okay sweet cut that's
a wrap that a wrap little hiccup oh my
goodness look what somebody just posted
on Facebook I've never been prettier in
my life mamita you're so handsome
girls come look at this look at that
picture of you baby tart look at that
picture of you okay who is that Brooke
tired what do you have do you think I
look pretty mom looks good and I've
never seen it look so good it's almost
funny big kids his face like don't look
that much different to me they're almost
interchangeable that's crazy
that's baby tarts face on rock tarts
body but I just feel like they look so
much alike that that could just be him
right that's almost weird how you guys
like all look alike it's probably
because they have the same parents you
biological genius hey guys don't worry
about zekiel we're keeping a close eye
on him he doesn't act like he's sick he
has that cut which is obviously
disgusting looking but this morning when
I woke up it looked a lot better I
sprayed the antiseptic spray on it twice
last night and it looks a lot better so
I think he'll be fine soon I know it
just looks hideous I decided to leave it
in because part of our memories as part
of our
life as I was sitting here editing I
think every time I cut something out of
one of these vlogs it's a memory that
I'm deleting in ten years from now when
I want to watch look back and look at
this it won't be there so I'm just
leaving it in so I love you sorry I
really hope you weren't eating cuz that
was pretty gross but he'll get better
soon
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
brand-new in Slate look at it click
around on some stuff we'll see you
tomorrow
