hi in here all right chip man are you
ready to go play at the park yo we're
trying a new park out today and it's
beautiful it's like summer here I can't
believe it is it winter no not in
California ever it's awesome it's cool
you want to try it you're gonna try it
you got to turn around the clock climb
down on it it's a spider-man web he's
thinking about it likely only you don't
want to okay you don't have to we'll
work up to it spider-man do you want to
try the spider-man web hey Chubby's pwg
have you
are you going to blow bubbles somewhere
mm yeah bubbles hey baby boy oh look
there's another bubble your don't have
your mama you got ray these climb down
the spider-man webs
oh you look so tough on the spider-man
web yeah yep it is big
yeah oh and to happy I changed clothes
it is super hot out here guys I think
it's in the 80s for real I'm a little
bit like Oh what it's winter even if
even for being in California 80 is
really warm for wintertime rock charred
somewhere over there areas museum he's
chasing the bird he came up to he goes
um I'm hot I was just like let's just
enjoy this moment for a minute okay it's
okay to be hot because it's beautiful
out here
all right somebody dropped their Cheetos
bag but I realized he wasn't littering
he was just trying to be
they keep coming up and looking in the
bag but they can't quite decide if
they're gonna jump in and grab the chips
double bird me not today
his mom's picking it up oh he came for
the chips oh you little chip mr. crow
do you let a chip do you I'm teasing you
ah dude I think YouTube is trolling me
they're mixing up my comments making me
look like a pervert
check this out so this girl because
yesterday's vlog I was talking about
Barbados this girl says I live in
Barbados you should come back and I was
like yes I want to so bad I miss it but
YouTube posts it as like I replied to
this comment I was breastfed for three
years I want you so bad I miss it
listen I'm a dude dude's like boobs but
I don't want to be breastfed again okay
so quit mess up my comment YouTube now
I'm on a date
hey little date me you taking me out on
a date you look kind of sweaty you
really didn't get ready for just a good
you know what I've noticed they make the
sandwiches here 22 onto a subway in
Idaho and they're made their kids down
which is like super small and would like
one slice of cheese on
anyways they make good content which is
here and he loves it
are you happy yeah yeah well thanks for
coming on a date with me I love you got
to make healthy choices huh be a fan
which as he calls it he's really fun
good play hard and then you can eat all
right did you guys notice that the vlog
was up early yesterday I did it I did it
it always feels good to get that vlog
done before the kids go to school cuz
then I can go pick them up and then we
can do things hey let me tell you I
don't know if I should tell you this
I don't think center would care woody
I've been doing that I did that
yesterday with the kids anyways I uh
well and I cut my beard changes subject
to cut my hair what I want to do is cut
my hair and my beard and leave my hair
nobody cares so else we got the kids
from school there's my babies has my
babies how guys doing how was the
squalor did you learn some knowledge I
definitely made me do you anything right
now well tell me it right now I love you
oh oh thanks what about you princess er
do you feel the same way yes
did you see Cesare today I thought yes
we sing we sing can we show them the
song we have for says are here he knows
and you already saying it he does when
did he he really I don't know he knows
he's never heard it then when he came
over and you were whispering not you
always be whistling it nicing it now for
that for the vlog it's a good song hey
um hey I wanted to I'm a my exploiting
you guys than your feelings your
feelings hey yeah I love you I put up
the vlog today about you guys about us
talking about you guys being embarrassed
by me talking about your boyfriends and
girlfriends and there's people that are
saying that if their dad did that they
would kill him don't kill me Kay why not
cuz you're way more than girls Oh
our relationship is worth more than any
crush you could have right amen
hallelujah all right hey do you guys
want start doing the mile after-school
Club yeah sure why are they sore don't I
get you know exampie
oh you poor little baby you want to tell
them what you said to me centaur the
other day when you came up to me you
said cat
yummy Tom okay I'm glad you're here
because I was gonna tell him on the way
here but I'm like I should ask you first
so we were sitting there I was at my
desk and centaur comes up to me he's
like dad I've been thinking I was like
oh great what is what's coming down the
pipe here it always sounds like a
negotiation the beginning of a
negotiation I've been thinking I said
okay what even thinking he's like I
think I want to start losing some weight
I'm like alright what do you want to do
he's like I wanna start doing the mile
after-school Club again I'm like okay
let's do it which dude I'm very proud of
you you have you've done well on the
sugar bet you just dude sometimes that's
just the metabolism sometimes just like
you know you got a extra little chunk on
you it's nothing wrong in that you're
strong you're stronger than any
ten-year-old I've met guarantee you
could beat up any ten-year-old on that
playground let's go out there dude and
pick some fights you want to dude let's
go prove your strength right now I'll
film it and you just go beat the crap
out of some kids and upload it to the
Internet do you think how tough you'd be
you like the toughest ten-year-old in
town we call the video the toughest
ten-year-old in town we'll just go
around and I'll fill me beaten up little
kids you want to do that no why but
think how many views that we'll get okay
we're gonna go running oh my goodness
look at this picture dude you're sitting
on him he was here first
yeah kind of big you need to watch your
butt okay I have a feeling with this dog
because rock hard was laying on the
couch first and then he just decided to
come up and so rock hard of course had
to move his legs in his sleep so he
could lay there that only makes me
slightly nervous because he might lay on
the baby one of these days you know we
got to be really careful where we laid
the baby cuz Zeke doesn't even notice
he's there hey how was escuela good wait
oh wait oh you know can't talk Spanish
what children oh ho do we need to tell
them what the plan is
yeah okay you guys in a few days on the
20th will be the last day of Sun tarts
no sugar year that means he's gone
higher year with no cookies no cakes ice
cream pop sugar candy Ken Kenny type
stuff yucky we hate it anyways the 20th
will be the last day of his whole year
Shay seriously dropped a picture
anywhere Zoey so son tart is going to
get how much what are you gonna get a
hundred five hundred what we want I I
thought it was 50
mine was five hundred penny was $50
dude it was 51 wasn't I think we told
the vlog though that it was a hundred
cuz I don't want them to judge me
because I don't want people to be like
five hundred that's too much you guys
must be real I think that I think that I
wouldn't do it for even five hundred I
would have to get like five you wouldn't
do it for $500,000 I give you a
prediction seriously Mike issues kid
Mike yep yeah but my kisses should be
sweet enough for you so that's the
weight 500 bucks dude
whole I'm gonna try to get him to eat
sugar come here dude so dude you got a
muffin that one time that you lost oh
stop we did not okay but listen here's
the plan he really wants a Kindle Fire
HD so I'm gonna order one and then we'll
subtract that from the amount King it's
a like a good negotiation I do Kindle HD
fires or 7 or dollar so you owe me 200
oh they're expensive what dude they're
cr6 let's add you think that kind of
technology comes cheap that's for agents
I already looked at it Doge what did you
look at it she knows how to Google he's
smarter than her the greater what are
they ma che my god like a hundred and
sixteen why is it a secret you don't
think these people can get on Google and
find out much again okay don't Google it
you find out it's so scary
alright so we're back in the routine we
just dropped off the girls at your math
and now we're taking Sun tarde to go is
he going to swimming what's he going to
hire polo water polo dude uh water polo
stuff man it's like soccer in the water
but you uh like treading water yeah you
don't want to drown that's probably one
of the key tips to water polo
are you are you walk Bob and me you
ready to play water polo not get off you
weirdo funny I love what he thinks
that'd be like touch those toilet papers
I try snowboarding boss so we just
dropped the girls off at gymnastics and
Sun tarde is that water polo and then
we'll do a little grocery shout you got
to love a store where you can buy
surfboards eggs juice butter and
whatever else you can think of in
organic turkey meat and organic turkey
meat
alright well going into the cold zone
you ready you have a scarf you better
put your scarf on it's cold in here
Gold yes even what touch eggs wig
shopping I said should I get to these
are just one just get one well I don't
know
- these are tough decision how are we
gonna decide please get hyper for my
finger stuff for long
so yeah hypothermia and his fingers
you're gonna fall off to that mountain
of water that hey go find your mommy
okay here here wait come here come here
take this with you go filmer go filmer
okay ready
hey go go find hey I wasn't doing my
wish I just fine I love you - did you
say you love me yeah I love you too why
are you picking your nose
bang you know I don't know oh you're
crazy
uh-oh I'm in trouble Jon's gonna get me
out of me hello still here put out the
vibe you totally are bullsh Reba there's
a lot of moms in here definitely
definitely are putting off the vibe this
guy is loaded look at all the groceries
he's got he's even got a safe spring
loaded with offspring that in potatoes
alright you also I did not work out
yesterday and I was very frustrated with
myself but I'm like okay that means I've
got to get every day the rest of the day
this week except for Sunday it's already
8 o'clock and I haven't done it yet
today so what we're gonna do we're gonna
do something we're gonna play the Kinect
we're gonna play just dance 4 and play
on the Kinect because I love dancing and
every time we play this game I start
sweating so let's make it a little bit
fun and an off the trip
I don't have a babysitter because the
baby is the baby excited to do so yeah
like I'm just gonna watch
okay you know how there's a lot of
downtime sometimes in video games that
you're exercising in like while the kids
are picking the song I run stairs until
they pick the song and then I come in
and do the dance I'm guys Paula let's
work it okay I want you guys to think
about something did you know that if you
help somebody in the universe smile
you get three karma points it's true
it's true look it up and if you make
somebody smile that will bring good
karma back to you so by thumbs up in
favoriting tweeting and facebooking this
video if it made you smile there for
deductive reasoning might say that it
might make somebody else smile and if
somebody clicks on this video because
you shared it on Twitter or Facebook or
you thumbs it up and they click on that
link because of you you get those three
karma points people I'm talking about
some major happiness here think about it
or I just want you to promote my video
for free love you guys click on
yesterday's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button and gonna click on the
shape beard cartoon web series it's
right there to click on calendars are
still for sale listen listen I wasn't
supposed to announce INSEAD but I don't
care I'm do what I want I'm in charge of
my life that sounded too douchey a hood
I should edit all this out no if you
want a signed calendar then we will sign
your calendar as of right now today any
new calendar orders the entire family
will sign now listen there's some of you
I know they're gonna be irate because
you're like I thought I got a signed
calendar I'm sorry you guys we signed
the first thousand and if you didn't get
a signed calendar I apologize I know a
lot of you thought that you were within
the thousand but you weren't and you
were really disappointed and that
breaks my heart you gotta know that I
see the tweets like che I love the
calendar and I thought it was gonna be
signed but it wasn't I know that feeling
I just imagine like the calendar showing
up at your door and you're so excited
you're like I'm sure I was in the first
thousand cuz I ordered it right away and
you open it and you pull the calendar
out it's not signed and that hurts me
inside you gotta believe me I feel bad I
wish we coulda signed all of them but we
were pressed for time cuz we got had to
pack up the van and drive to Idaho for
Christmas and we couldn't haul all those
calendars with us because we have five
kids a giant Great Dane and a lot of
luggage to bring so I am an assign and
I'm gonna have the kids and mommy tarts
sign every single calendar that is
ordered from today until the end of
January the calendar sales end the end
of January so if you buy one from now
till January 31st you will have it
signed by the entire Shaytards crew
that's a promise Amen hallelujah I'll
see you tomorrow
