are you ready cuz this might get boring
hi I'm vlogging here so the Fox says yep
there whatever do we do he just started
singing that on his own and we have
north on forever tear out of him for his
memory and making potatoes I realized I
had some in the freezer so I made some
funeral potatoes a while ago and I put
them in the freezer cuz I made too much
and I just got it out that's the
blessing of having freezer meals I need
to do that more often so I was like oh
my inner when I found these potatoes oh
you better be careful let's see
okay stop picking those let's see it
oh nice Oh careful oh oh grandma got
that for you when you were just a wee
tyke you are that's the great thing
about having different floors - I know
you're stuck haha loopy
no what are you doing somebody she was
riding up with a skateboard he has
nothing to say he's just adorable and
that's all he needs to say right right
what are you doing little man but where
did you just come back from you aren't
running they're so cute
so the kids are playing outside and he
runs in he has a pile of shorts next to
the door and he just changed shirts and
I go what are you doing it was I just
went running oh so long run I exercise
and he had to change his shirt obviously
because he was sweaty so cute
speaking of exercise I have not gotten
to mine yet yesterday was the first day
of the diet bit and I was excited and I
got my workout in felt great today I had
plans to get it in but I had an
appointment that ran longer than I was
expecting
and then bla bla bla bla bla bla so many
excuses but anyways I still haven't been
able to exercise today and I'm like I'm
in that mode where I'm like I still have
enough strength still have an exercise
gotta do it gotta do it gotta do it and
it still isn't working out so anyways
I'm going to try to prepare dinner
hopefully get maybe thirty minutes in
before Scouts but I might not be able to
so if push comes to shove I'm going to
have to do it right before bedtime which
isn't always my favorite time to workout
because I get wired like ooh and orphans
yeah but I'm gonna do it if that's what
has to be done because I'm not going to
miss a day I
said five to six days a week I must
exercise so if I do have to skip today
that means I have to work out on
Saturday too
anyways bla bla bla Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
for dinner is gonna be quick dinner
because she's juicing and I hate cooking
like something that's like the aroma is
so awesome that he can't stand it Oh cuz
I just feel like that's mean so I'm just
couldn't accept the other so I'm just
going to cook something simple for the
kids just some chicken fingers and
potatoes and anyways that's what I'm
doing that's the plate here we go with
the plan darling
the baby's not happy nummy want some
breast milk he's really hungry what's
the long as you fed any of our babies
with your boobs ten ten months which one
is that
naming her baby tard heard you fed baby
tard for ten months yeah and I didn't
want to stop but we went to Hawaii
alright with Phil and Lindsey a-and do
that looks like a young dinner it's
quick and fast it's time for Scouts
it's Scout night you little booger
looking how long me and brusky in for I
don't know I'm about done are you about
done no it was the shortest she
breastfed uh dear I should get our Sun
tart Sun tart is five months Oh
interesting it was hard as immunity I
think I think because I was working cuz
when I was ringing a twinkers can we
astra extrapolate any information from
knowing the length of time that you
breastfed your children here's a crazy
story what's the longest that you know
of anybody being breastfed let me tell
you crazy story so when I was in
Barbados on my mission I'm a Mormon
mission one of the very first houses we
ever went to to teach we go there it was
a lot different than I was expecting I'm
talking like everything was built out of
like old wood they had a battery that
was hooked up to a light bulb as their
electricity and we're sitting at the
table we're teaching this discussion to
this lady and all sudden this kid has
been running around the house and
screaming and yelling stuff and we came
in I gave him a little high five and I
sup dude probably yeah I like four or
five year old kid just running around so
we're sitting there teaching this lady
about Jesus Christ and about you know
all this stuff
this little kid comes running up to his
mom grabs her shirt
puts it up in the air and I as like a
greenie missionary was like oh my gosh
this lady's giant black boobs are
hanging out in Barbados and I was like I
was like wait a minute I'm a missionary
why it's Tara these moves
pulled his mom's shirt up goes up his
eyes it just starts freaking a building
and I was like so Jesus Christ loves all
of his children like what do I do where
do I look
this little kid just stuck on his mom's
boob and I'm just like oh this is weird
and then he's done with his dinner and
runs away she puts her shirt down and
keeps talking to us I was like okay I
guess that's the sponsor that's cool I'm
sure at that point it wasn't dinner it
was just like you wanted a snack yeah
you just playing the button the snack
where you would give me a snack like
that why you're weird oh oh oh oh jesus
does love all of us you guys it's true
and I'm not gonna nurse you for that
long so don't get any ideas
he's mad hey rocky Elise I love you you
know that
what yeah you are having chips you you
always we're in that shape your shirt
aren't ya who's that on your shirt who
is that yeah that's me huh that's daddy
that's a pretty cool feeling being the
cartoon on the shirt of your toddler
that he loves to wear the most that's a
good cool feeling yeah you know like
being that me that's me that's daddy huh
that's Shay beard I'm shiny beard you
like J beers I like you little boy you
want to go on my pirate ship now shave
your talk something I forgot how a bird
talks do I love you kids get out your
data right
now beside of our Scout air comes baby
called she breastfed for ten months yeah
yeah yeah do you know that you breastfed
for ten months no huh okay well no
breast milk tonight just chicken and
potatoes yeah hey I have a question for
you yeah uh
and I should have asked you this
question earlier but I'm asking you now
so yesterday mommy tard you also call
her mom she asked you about a girl you
said there was this girl that you kind
of liked at school well I left that in
the video when when you said her name
and I know that you guys have been
saying that kids at your school have
been watching our videos a lot more
often so I might have thrown you into
the bus bro so this girl if she watches
our videos she now knows that you have a
crush on her oh she does watch our
videos that's the monies that are
invested right now say hey what's her
name
yeah yeah son tards dad here my son's a
handsome devil Alice you don't see me
same on the monkey bars I'm flirting
with Alan get out of here
what like you freak my friend what is a
creature do i freak your friends out
good pick in your nose um I'm at you
freak tails i freak your friend up she
thinks you're freaky what is that
supposed to me why am I freaking quit
picking your nose well I'm a frickin guy
hey Alice my son you seem on the monkey
bars you could be nice to him you want
to hold her hand you want to go steady
should I ask her out for you right now
Oh sucks being my kid that's for sure
I'll embarrass the crap out of ya that's
definite yeah I think they're learning
very quickly be key no good back there
hey hey I have a question though
seriously come here I was just asking
some tired of that embarrassed him he
said why doesn't it embarrass you okay
right it's like white who cares no I'm
saying like don't be embarrassed just be
who you are
say what you want to say say who you
like hey can I ask you did you give you
know what's his name that's his name did
you give Chester cheetah is hot cheetah
yesterday at gymnastics Prince's tard
bought a bag of hot cheetos for her
boyfriend it's not really her boyfriend
it's the guy she has a crush on so you
gave him to him today yes
What did he say Hot Cheetos these kids
have like hot cheeto fetish they love
hot cheetos they're like Cheetos that
are spicy anyways what did he say oh
good thanks for that Cheers door did you
do did you put him in this backpack I
thought we were gonna sneak him into his
backpack
Tommy's out the way you did didn't you
write on them with a mark right well on
it she says are from Avia wait who are
you saying his name she says are from
eight okay apparently you're so nice
okay just fun for us
I speak when he comes back haha and then
I staked on the back and then I put it
like on and super yes it did good yeah
that's like a different kind of backpack
huh so what did he say he just
roboteachers in there talking with some
other kids and and then my friend came
up to read the note I'm like so what did
he say did he say thing you just said
thanks for the hot cheese yeah hey I
think you're hot want a bag of hot
cheetos sure do you guys that reminds me
the first time I saw your mom I went up
and gave her a bag of Hot Cheetos
besides I felt I didn't uh anyway so uh
Sun tarde and Princess hard and bro
tartar going to scouts and me Rob heart
and baby tar gonna stay here Brooke
rocky what's your name rocked our
hahaha so many kids I can't remember
what are we gonna do what should we do
while we're here at home you have to
stay here with Daddy you're not old
enough what I don't want my own will
meet me and you and Rocco watch the
speckle with me okay you guys are gonna
miss oh yes yeah it's funny the second
one it's really funny Roger here to stay
here with Daddy okay no gasps go go
Scout but you have to stay here with
Daddy and baby tard
that cool yep pickable me oh now he's in
no he knows we're watching a movie he's
down you have to go to Scouts and Cub
master no no we blow we be loyal Scouts
that's what we blow stands for do a good
turn daily that's a scout slogan be
prepared that's a Scout motto hey did
you guys know a scout is trustworthy
loyal helpful friendly courteous kind
obedient cheerful thrifty brave clean
and reverent did you know that it's got
locked can you say it you need to learn
how to say that it's a scout lock a
scout is trustworthy loyal helpful
friendly courteous kind cheerful are
you're thrifty clean and reverent
thrifty means that you can make a dollar
stretch means you don't spend a lot of
money on crap you don't need means you
can make a pair of jeans last a whole
six years have you had to for something
like if you didn't grow ideally that
would call enter an adult oh look we're
at we're in the parking garage and not a
parking garage
I just yes sweetheart we're worried on
the tenor part bro always snoozing on
the trio
Oh dancing
Oh somebody woke up dance King is quite
a stanky leg my friends it is a very
Sankey stanky leg
you were stinking it up in here you do
Thank You leg pretty good move yeah hey
where's the start look dude I found your
boyfriend hey instead of a bag of hot
cheetos maybe give them a bag of one of
these kind of dog well maybe he likes
dog food
another kind we're getting what's the
best kind you guys what's the best kind
of dog food here in LA they have one of
these like hippie all natural no
preservatives fresh pet options here in
the target so we're gonna get them some
of these because they're supposed to be
really healthy for your dog all natural
no preservatives and they're of course
gently cooked there's no aggressive
cooking me you guys they just softly
softly cook them okay are your hands
stuck you have little boys knees dirty
those are nobodies you're out how those
ouchies how did you get those out cute
have you been playing outside yeah what
did you play and play what you're
playing swords did you fall down yeah a
lot yes well if you fall down in this
life that Morgan no I don't want that
when we get that other one that's fine
just get our uh oh so we're here at
Target while mommy tard son tard Umbro
tard
are at Scouts we have to pick up some
glamorous items I mean I'm talking dog
food talking about the toilet
paper just all cool things guys doing
here tonight later see you later bye hey
guys we're just buying our stuff right
now
did you know it's at a law it's like a
rule it just passed this is my checkout
girl twenty five five she has to sell me
these bags for ten cents because they
don't have bags anymore you have to
bring your own bags which i think is
good encouraging the benefit of our
so-called environment right gotta save
the earth for the children maybe not
that child another things I bought this
toilet paper just like you want to
handle for that I'm like what do you
mean a handle for that they have that
technology now yeah they have these like
little stickers they can give you it has
like a handle for your toilet paper and
that cool what do you guys think about
that law there's a new law I don't know
if it's in all of California or if it's
just in the Los Angeles area but you
have to bring your own bags when you
come shopping and if you don't they'll
sell you paper bags for ten cents apiece
so I had to buy these paper bags and it
encourages people to bring their own
like returnable back so you can fill it
up and you look smart get rid of all
those plastic bags they're all over the
world I like it way to take a step in
the future of Los Angeles yeah got it
buddy
you're strong all right here we go let's
go carry it hey won't you got it go put
a drop the tape very good helper
that's for helping
he wants you to help them
you got it looks like fire
come on let's go oh man I've got really
nostalgic and like emotional while I was
editing today's vlog just you know the
memories I know we're gonna go back in
years from now and just laugh about you
know T's and the kids about their
boyfriends and girlfriends and the rock
tart is in such a developmental age
right now seeing him explore the world
and talking and I love my family love
you guys
come here me I give me a freaking hard
roll no J kids you know that quote
alright love you thanks thumbs it up
tweet it share it kiss it kiss push our
computer our screen right now and click
on user de la glimmers ribbon I won't do
there for you look at the raw bar bye
