since no bottle what is up with bottle
flipping coming in for a landing
you never seen Beauty and the Beast yeah
your fingers what what you guys this is
gonna be sorry
have you ever come home and like your
significant other or your mom or your
brother or somebody is vacuuming and
when you're vacuuming you're in that Lex
spaced-out mind zone you know or just
the kids are there so maybe I won't
scare as much but I got ya got you good
hey you're chicken I'm ha ha hey this
room looks clean
yeah it does know and this is the way
you're gonna keep it right side to make
study very happy good job Rach love you
we have is this the best club it's like
the cool vest cool dude best club can I
be part of this F away the best quote
when I said can I throw these away
really no cuz I never wear them but now
they're writing them because they
weren't thanks for repping the very
first shake girls forever
I see you alright sorry I scared you
baby love you God sorry what'd you say
ah the gods side apples for the tard
site that's Oh as be calling these guys
the tard site that's your guys his name
I want to show him the apples we got you
guys apples I think he's talking about
you guys Jackson you're talking about
the people who watch us because I did
ask my said hey can i vlog you he's like
yep do you lose your Apple dude you guys
we have major apples falling from the
tree the trees we have multiple apple
trees these dudes are you guys getting
the apples out how many you got so far
where's Braco
broccolis poke your head out where yeah
I don't see him where are you oh wait
there he is
how many apples you got dude
one you guys start picking them bring
them inside will juice them let's make a
bunch of apple juice you guys wanna just
pick all the ripe ones and hey you guys
look on the ground and pick up any of
the ones that are good on the ground and
bring them in dogs and we'll put those
through the juicer and we'll have apple
juice for days yep fill it up don't get
the ones with worms in it kay yeah
oh the kitty he thought the kitty was
cute you know the kiddies are out
hunting playing in the grass what's this
guy doing what's he hunting I think I
see a lizard or coyote I couldn't tell
what she was but I know we went
thattaway
you guys seen him hey I need two tons of
that ok Daxton get to work yeah
all of those bring them inside don't
take bites out of them either Jackson
all germs on the arm fly
ha seal they've been singing this song
all day for the longest time they were
only singing the first part I believe I
can fly
ok ok see a trick I was almost disgust
or collision you Rania you don't have to
hello
I held the Cooper screaming oh don't
while your arm Oh
fudge is gonna go for it being a job you
don't have to this guy jumped out from
there though nice oh hey guys okay so I
have always loved this certain movie
that just came out not a brand oh I was
talking to any and she's like I've never
seen it I'm like you've never seen
Beauty and the Beast what I grew up on
it like a ate slept and breathed those
movie I'm excited to show her that I got
it we can watch it together I love you
guys you know I like movies I like kids
movies it's fun to watch movies with my
kids especially ones that I loved as a
kid it's funny when you go back and you
watch some of the movies you watched as
a kid and you're like why did I like
this again but some are just memorable
and awesome no matter what anyways so
let's go I got something you want to
watch it have you seen this movie no
never seen it have you no probably not
Jackson what do you think is it spooky
spooky I love Halloween it makes me
laugh I can't keep any of this spooky
stuff at our house though because the
boys get scared
at night because it's too scary look at
these those are fun she liked that
trixin shirt yeah
all right why do I carry when it's
Halloween
strange things happen ah your fingers
what and cut somebody asked how many
cats we had the other day he could get
geeky DS here's how we can find out
speed in time he get giddy DS I just
start saying here kitty kitty kitties
and here come the kitties they're hungry
we have about 10 let's get an official
count there is like one more mama cat
who's not here but right now I'm seeing
10 half of them are not old enough to
get pregnant yet and the other half have
been neutered but we have appointments
made for the rest of you to lose the
ability to pre-populate my garage but
I'll tell you what we have zero mice
zero bugs zero creepy crawly things
because this battalion of felines is a
nasty Bunch they'll bite it eat it Birds
man these guys catch birds out of the
air they're pretty aggressive we feed
them good though they got beds and cat
trees every time we go to the Petco the
kids talk me into buying another cat
tree so they're well taken care of
alright it's the end of another glorious
day huh I don't know and uh wasn't he
how those days we have a good day
oh no but really did you have a good day
viruses viruses viruses have no nucleus
mo what I heard the media cured all
viruses soon Oh over a minute
oh well everything on the internet is
true well we're hanging out your gauge
gauge gets hang out with us for a little
while would you learn em so we're more
pricking on multiplication and division
oh those are hard are you smart yeah
they're really what's 3 times 3 3 times
hey hey there you go what's 5 times 5 25
good what's 6 times 6 36 I mean what is
1 times a thousand no not until you
learn it
yeah I don't know 1 times a thousand
oh yeah thousand one time how much would
that be
it's kind of a trick question you had
1,000 1,000 just one but if I said what
is three times a thousand what would the
answer be here hey there you go that's
multiplication right there and that's my
pizza quit staring at me jeez Gager what
uh seven plus seven fourteen fourteen
thirty exact same what'd you learn about
Rob is casas what about s's it's a
pretty cool letter you know whose name
starts with an S Santa that's who I was
talking about Santa Claus that's cool
Wow who my name starts with an S
hey yeah I can even do that s thing you
know with the cubes and the talking
about it's like the s you do the lines
and then you connect them you guys you
know you doing them on your notebooks
yeah I'm drama Jackson will have
intervention with your attitude problem
don't have a spot for you there's a spot
right there
Wow mom's making your pizza that's a big
carpet dog a big carpet dog there and he
stinks like a skunk leave the skunk's
alone Daxton here you did marrow beat
the plane Pizza plane mission log baby
boo-boo
per seat thinking with heat-seeking
missiles locked please on it
how's a good delivery and it's never
take up where boom coming in for the
hangar for the first bite ah shucks
dummy do I need you there play I'm
taking comedy the airplane got me to the
airplane okay you ready hold on ask to
go for takeoff ready Jeep permission for
takeoff tour general Daxton permission
you have to say permission granted
say permission granted permission
granted for takeoff thrusters on
it's a rocket coming in for a landing
school Ghost Rider the patterns of fall
there is no authorization for a flyby
coming in for the landing ah
yum yum yum yum yum we have pizza now
eat that you little brat okay
authorization for takeoff
permission granted for takeoff Thor
thruster suite our orchid coming in for
the landing all right that takes a lot
of energy no more pizza rockets I'm
tired all right it's bedtime
hey parents how long does it take you to
get the kids to bed
hey kids when parents say it's time to
go to bed getting bad but first there's
some sort of internet phenomenon in
school ball what is up with bottle
flipping are you guys current on what
the kids are into these days this is the
new fad trend craze flipping did it
start with that one kid like flipped a
bottle on the stage during graduation
Freddie
nobody anybody oh well that's good hey
there it is can you do that get a
half-full bottle of water and try to do
a one rotation make it land on its
bottom and this is what these guys do
all day long at school you say that kids
at school do their such
they'll drink up and then we'll be like
back home and they just practice if you
see a bunch of kids just like flipping a
bottle on the ground it's a new Olympic
I don't know what why we have like you
know probably not picking stuff we have
been with this it's like king of doom oh
really
and then whoever lands it it's the other
person's turn interesting yeah I'm like
I like kids you know like in farmers do
on the side just flipping me crazy who's
the best bottle flipper out there let's
do you like even if you're not competing
I will take your word I don't like to
say you're not tempted it's hard it's
hard to actually make it land you like
what's so great about it's actually
pretty difficult to get the throat just
right it's like if you under through it
or overthrow it at all boom it does not
say say so like you'll see Internet
videos of kids land in like ten in a row
and they're just freaking out cuz it's
not easy hundred a skill is goodnight
go flip some water bottles drink some
hydrate hydrate hydrate then flip them
then rehydrate rig the rest water and
recycle recycle and hydrate and flip
bottles and thumbs up this video shoot
okay
to localize
