are you ready cuz this might get boring
hi I'm logging here dudes
dogs I'm excited Colette and I we just
weighed in for our dietbet I'm excited
to get started and then me and Ron are
just talking about doing a Tough Mudder
you guys have been like haggling me for
years
that's not true you guys ever since I
were doing marathons you guys like Shay
you should do a Tough Mudder so a mean
Ron just found a Tough Mudder that we're
gonna do and we're gonna build a team we
should get Steve and Carly to do it with
us more information on that later I'm
not going to tell you exactly when where
it is yet but it'll be towards the end
of March we're into a Tough Mudder I'm
excited about that it looks fun
Ronald what are you doing did some
dumbbells do you look so tough um so if
you guys want to join our diet bet
there's still time links below to go
check out the diet and the new video we
just weighed in this is my weight loss
plan Collette weighed in you want on
what you weight in did you tell
yesterday one take Sunday on what you
add yes you told everybody oh yeah okay
well if you want to officially see what
she weighed go check out the new trail
off video we just made it is live but
you can go watch it
hey you're handling
ah yeah by member comfort you
kirbo thing is that I watch you watch
your butt bounce around
you wear your ring given are too big for
you know that agree to Ingram gonna lose
it ok guys so I started the dietbet
today and I weigh 120 9.5 and my goal
weight is 110 ish so I'm going to start
working out I only have to lose like 5
pounds to get to the whatever the goal
thing for the month but I'm confident
that I can lose more than that because I
really haven't tried at all so I'm going
to start working out my plan basically
is to watch my portion sizes and to
replace the unhealthy things I've been
eating with healthy things I don't want
to like not eat because I'm still
nursing and the baby needs food but I
want to replace it with like good
healthy things because I let's be honest
pizzas and pop and all that stuff has is
what I have been doing so I got to
replace it with good things anyways and
working out at least five days a week
five to six days a week I can't drop
below that I have to stay consistent or
I'm not going to lose the weight alright
here we go I'm gonna start what I've
been doing is in order to get like some
more of the like deliciousness in my
juice
I will juice the apples the beets and
the carrots and then I will put parsley
and this leafy too is like bok choy this
is organic Lawson Otto kale it's like a
deep dark green leafy something you know
there's a lot of nutrients and enzymes
and nucleuses and whatever crap in that
leaf so then I'll get my beet apple and
carrot juice and I'll pour it in the
blender and then I'll just throw this
whole thing in there with a thing of
blueberries and some parsley I just
throw this whole thing inside the
blender and blend it up I think it's
really good for me because I can feel
the power let's go upstairs I look at
mommy tart bouncing around
extend hey hi today you see really nice
oh sorry guys he's really gotten weird
if I wasn't your husband would you have
a restraining order placed against me
I'm already sweating this cool me to
warm up
hey barrel get it you guys you guys you
guys okay so Logan is at the airport
right now in Atlanta Georgia about to
head to Argentina and we are allowed to
talk to him at the airport he's allowed
to call family until his flight takes
off so I'm gonna call him right now on
the phone so he's actually gonna throw
this phone away my mom just went and she
had this old flip phone she told him
like it's gonna be like the movies when
he's done he gets on his airplane he's
gonna take the battery out throw it in
one garbage can and the other phone in
another garbage can
come on though you bear pick up pick up
Loki bear
come on elder Butler yeah we still have
our Christmas tree up don't judge us
elder Butler what's going on brother
not much chillin in Atlanta when do you
leave about thirty thirty minutes are
you your gate yeah right now they're
like the sky so what do you do with that
phone are you just gonna throw in the
garbage so you're on YouTube right now
say something what do you want to say to
thousands of people across the world
elder Butler you're live on youtube.com
slash Shaytards
yeah at solution every day in the fight
keep working hard that's al Spaniel
how's your Spanish doing did you see
anybody down here in pocket yeah well
dude you'll pick it up because when you
get in Argentina like yo everybody will
be speaking it you'll be surrounded just
you know it'll come to you really fast I
promise
exactly we were already there are some
people on the plane we're talking to so
that was good I understand you stuff is
weird yeah your brain will start to make
a switch and like you'll be able to
understand them more than you'll be able
to speak back to them but it'll happen
you'll be shocked I guarantee in two
months from now you'll just be like all
Spanish all the time it's crazy to mgc
language program anything dude that's
awesome well we miss you we love you
were excited for you I hope you're doing
well we are we're doing awesome
hold on turn the camera off so we can
really talk like brothers just talking
to Logan on the phone you can already
tell he's matured so much he's only been
gone for six weeks he's been at the MTC
which is the Missionary Training Center
where they teach him the lessons and the
language of Spanish or Sontaran Center
it's talking to on the phone
cool I love you too and I miss you
Thanks okay okay bye
love you see here say bye Brock bye
all right you have to get on right now
all right here say hi to Colette real
quick hi elder Butler
oh good how are you I'm super pumped for
you this is gonna be well thank you you
are amazing just keep it up and keep
your head high bye here's J okay dude
get on the airplane to South America
we'll see you in two years what I said
he did that my same schools good please
don't drop out yeah you want to get make
it through at least sixth grade look at
my baby
look I'm oh hi saddle it's really hard
not to eat him because he's so yummy
anywho soles so today I worked out guys
I'm so proud of myself this is the first
well not technically the first the first
real workout in you know since I've had
the baby so I'm really happy that I got
through it and you know it was tough I
cannot do the things that I used to be
able to do but I'm not going to be
discouraged you did great right right a
sweaty ball of sexiness you did the
whole thing in a whole class I did it I
didn't don't discourage it but that's my
main goal what don't talking with this
dietbet my first goal is no smack talk
do not put myself down in any way shape
or form I'm gonna be proud of each day
so proud right so I'm so proud of you
this baby
how do I need to vlog up down here
what's logging me with the vlog camera
training the vlog of vlog that you're
gone my blog in a tie
this yeah I use iMovie oh six cuz I'm
freaking master editor quick good I now
let's go find the kids and see how their
first day back from school from school
their first potato gathered um the first
day back to school how did it go how did
school go my like what icons wordage
you're so boring
nobody was excited to see you were you
excited to see anybody was a girl you
were thinking about that you were like
oh I get to see her see how she's doing
maybe she got a new shirt they were
she's going to be like looking really
cute there was a girl see mom knows when
you say oh nothing oh nothing much
there's always something I'm sure your
dad will ask you later are you going to
tell me more about this girl or like
leave me hanging her name's Alice we
don't have time your name basic you know
we're trying to be really soup duped
healthy today why'd you get them well
because your little brother talked me
into it
what anyways I'm not even though I know
guys I still have the tree up but you
know what we just got home a few days
ago give me a break okay all right are
we going for a hike going for a hike
through the bowl risk let's making tacos
and quinoa so I have to go get corn and
something else Cameron Bure and sauce
corn and salsa what what who when where
why how is gymnastic what are you doing
to toothpaste let the chicken walk you
get the chicken walk hey your sisters
embarrassing me you're not helping much
either
here's the safe container here here
Watch Oh what did you have a gymnastic
we go fine dad we're know if it's that
way this way
yeah
those are not those are Bonzo beans
we've walked right past all right thank
you
there's no porn you can't find it there
it is it's on the top I was looking down
low
dad don't work if it don't know what
yeah why not cuz I'm magazine half-naked
about yeah why is it better what I don't
know what's just bad okay now don't look
at it guys the only but I look out of
your mom's okay don't forget this that
that one
holy get it I'm not I'm looking at the
corn looking just not enough all right
load up those groceries you got it wrong
are you gonna help sit there you help
with saloon okay let's go see you baby
tart bye are you the dog Grey the back
to the truck what are you doing hey come
on young war get in the truck we want
the dog right in truck this time I have
groceries you only lost your mommy no
yeah I did like I was told did as I was
told to do like a good boy do that King
Ross was delicious even better now that
we have fun to put in it I can smell the
lime and cilantro girl mmm
yeah so good okay family it's time for
family dinner time and family huh me
think so I just threw together a really
quick family home evening because Logan
left on his mission to day he left while
he's been gone he's been at the MTC but
he's leaving to Argentina to de flying
tank away and Ramiro and so I prepared a
little something for family home you
think it's gonna be that what it better
be
spiritual better to go to heaven well
we're not but it'll be fun anyways right
oh yeah all right who enjoyed their
dinner that was delicious
okay well so in honor of Logan leaving
to go to Argentina today I have a little
bit of a family night planned it's a
little bit and so first I want y'all to
reach underneath your chairs if you find
something is Argentina gonna be under
our chairs would you hide there's
something under my chair yeah where is
it oh cool I got a note I got a special
cry baby
you're special I read mine mine says you
are cute and I love you
oh and Buenos Aires Argentina is known
for bringing in the most wealth to
Argentina through trade interesting well
we know it's a very wealthy City oh okay
what is your say the population of
Burano stories wrote province is 55
million dead what no way it's that big
one-oh Sarris province is 15 million
people yeah the city allows like the
main city have like 11 years
eco-friendly for the province and like
with the outlying areas all right so
what did you learn about Argentina
Buenos Aires Argentina is called the
Paris of South America
well the Paris of South America of its
architecture has very unique
architecture and its European culture oh
yeah I did not know that
hey bra rocked our would you get let's
see what you got you got the way Doceri
slash that's a flag
that's a Buenos Aires flag yeah that's
cool you guys know it'd be really cool
after Logan's - your mission is up is if
we flew to Argentina to pick them up
when that'd be sweet
we flew there and we'd know all about it
there's be a long flight okay baby tired
what is your say well you better learn
you can't get knowledge and you gotta
get knowledge if you want to go to
college thanks guys for watching today's
vlog click on the yesterday button if
you want to see what we did yesterday we
got one two three and four year ago
vlogs if you want to click on those the
mystery blog will take you to the
weigh-in you can see how fat me and
Colette are and hey listen I want to
level with you guys for a second I've
been getting a lot of tweets and
comments on Facebook and Twitter and in
the comments of the YouTube videos of
you guys seen missionaries out in the
world and a lot of comments are like hey
Shay I just saw two missionaries on the
bus and I said hi to them or I just let
two missionaries in the house and talked
to them about your religion and stuff
not like I'm trying to get you guys all
to convert to our religion but to me
that you guys are being kind to those
missionaries it's kind of like you're
being kind to my brother because I'm
nervous for him he's going to a totally
different place a totally different
culture a totally different country that
takes an 18-hour plane ride to get there
and I'm sure he's nervous I'm sure he's
scared and you know worried about the
language cuz he has you know he doesn't
he just learned started learning Spanish
six weeks ago and now everybody where he
has speak Spanish so we have to learn
this whole new language and we worry
about him I know my mom worries about
him a ton so when you guys send me
tweets and you say that you're kind to
those two little Mormon missionary boys
you see out in the world that makes a
big deal to me so I appreciate it
alright and then plus I all want you to
be Mormon hahahahaha
Maris what that's weird okay see you
tomorrow
