are you ready cuz this might get boring
hi I'm logging here alright we're back
in Los Angeles and it seems like from
what I can hear we already have a game
of pirate going on out here
are you mateys you're gonna walk the
plank east scallywags yeah what he said
what's your pirate name son tard cool
you're Captain Hook oh that's pretty
original what about You captain
scallywags and Captain Hook have manned
the boards of the Black Pearl you guys
have a name of your ship
yep what's the name of your boat I paid
 it's a pirate ship yeah your names
are so original
this is Captain Hook on the pirate ship
maybe you could be Captain Bob Marley
yeah bubby you wanna be Captain Bob
Marley well you dropped your six-shooter
what are your pirate names by the way
thanks mines pirate Jessica Parra
Jessica hi Carmy love it all right I'm
pirate going to get a juice I'll see you
guys in a little bit juice you want
pirate juice what's pirate juice huh all
right I'll get you a bottle of rum okay
you want a bottle of rum just so you
have spiced rum or just original what
will Caribbean passion there you go I'm
not getting a Jamba Juice I'm getting a
real actual juice from fruits and
vegetables
shall I sit we're having lessons today
good job let's try it one more time all
together
good job oh my god hahahaha that makes
me so proud so many twinkles and Mary
had a little good job honey
high-five she said you know well that
makes me happy I only took one year of
piano lessons and then I damn anymore
really so you got to be like a
professional okay you know just do what
you are I find you - oh man I don't like
that line I'm gonna try again 20 shows
where's your doghouse when I move thumb
goes on see how you're following us try
nook yes
she's like oh no I'm back remember
here's your three two one right so let's
follow this one this is our first lesson
all the kids are getting a lesson
because we decided that they're all
going to start music lessons I told them
you guys have to take some type of music
lessons it doesn't matter what it can be
piano guitar whatever but you have to
take a music lesson but then I decided
we need to start with piano because
that's how they learn music theory so
we're all learning music I'm so excited
and for those of you who might be newer
to the vlogs the girl that is teaching
them is Danner Richards she's amazing
you should go check her out on YouTube
the ocean girl it gonna break with a hot
life
no one is going to put you back if you
want to see stars get up off your
astronaut and get fly
for you walk suck unlike the rest you
were Ruiz into your chest world he says
she say doesn't have to be already plain
are you really gonna let that cassette
spin around or mine
go
make some noise only tiny people only
time people who own two knives only time
people only tiny people only ten people
cut you down sighs can I get a what Hey
no you can't stay high all around it's
all around can I get away hey body
starts to change hats all around
Danah banana is what we call her she's
our of our really good friends and she's
excellent at music so she's going to
teach the kids piano I'm so excited
because that's something that I think
I'm gonna start learning again too
because I took a year of it but I didn't
go any further with it and I wish that I
had I think that everybody that doesn't
play an instrument always wishes that
they had would have learned am i right
hmm yeah oh yeah
I need to shave my mustache a food
strainer is she Taylor Swift yet all
right how many songs have you sold on
iTunes get working Danna Hejira
IndieGoGo go good I made about 8 grand
so something making an album making an
album maybe a mile are you to sing on my
own are you getting distributed backups
she gets career hard on herself she gets
discouraged bro she's like a
perfectionist yeah cuz I only expect the
best what's going on in here hey yeah
lucky baby who's turning to laugh at us
cuz baby I was giggling at him and he
started with me giggles Oh stranger
giggle what's that thing doing to me why
yeah when you were laughing that was fun
remember let's try to laugh again that
was very there's no working anymore it's
not the classic once you pull the camera
out and then nobody believes you it's
like y'all right whatever you're done
you go you're dumb Hey mcdeere's hmm
okay we went for a little walk when we
found this hill
oh goodness you're supposed to roll
dices Buster first okay okay I'm watchin
don't look that looks like a stream
he'll rolling right there I don't think
so no I don't think so oh I saw your
butt crack just dyin you guys are just
like throwing yourself sir I'm watching
it reminds me of Princess Bride when
they started trucked down the hill one
sorry dog will get out on average in
just a minute I'm watching I don't think
oh yeah oh yeah oh to be young again I
remember when I rolling down hills was
fun now I think I would just puke I
don't like getting dizzy anymore but
they're having it done oh my goodness
you guys see that this jet just drew a
heart in this guy with his with his uh
what Yuma call it that's so cool it's a
heart in the sky oh the things you see
when you're on your bike ride that is it
we're moving back to Idaho listen to
this story I just heard on the news
there's a lady riding her bike in Los
Angeles she gets hit by a bus she's
laying in the intersection dying
somebody calls 911 siz on their way to
get to help the lady she's suffering in
the intersection the ambulance gets in a
wreck dangers to merit paramedics and to
people while the lady's waiting because
the ambulance is taking forever because
the ambulance got in the wreck somebody
comes in the crosswalk and steals her
bicycle
are you kidding the lady ends up dying
because the ambulance didn't get there
because it got in a wreck and her
bicycle gets stolen only in Los Angeles
who has the nerve to steal somebody's
bicycle while they're laying in the
intersection oh she's already dead
I'm gonna go take yeah she's not gonna
need it more I guess can you believe
that yeah you believe how sweet my hair
is serious you turn on the news in LA
and it's like depressing you're gonna
cry she's gonna cry you guys I'm gonna
go up and stare at my hair in the mirror
some more I know I need to cut my hair
and shave my beard I think I might do it
next week I think I want to lose new
pounds before you know I love you guys
check out the action think it's going
desperate into the two years consider if
I chose tomorrow and illegal okay
hey thanks love yeah
