are you mad at me honestly mad I'm not
mad at you I was just frustrated because
I was like why am i driving remember
when she said to cowboy up
we need a cowboy yeah okay so we just
gone from church we still have the
u-haul trailer on the van and Mommy
tarde didn't work as a granite installer
drive a truck and trailer around for
years so she got stopped but he drove
every time so she got stuck explain what
happened okay so we're in the parking
lot and I double parked you know could
well I have the I pulled forward so I
was taking to purchase places and my
plan was to just keep pulling forward so
he wouldn't have somebody parked in
front of you I see no so I was like I
pulled forward and turn this way but
somebody like the loop that you go
around drive around somebody parked on
along the fence so you couldn't get
through here so you had to back up to
give yourself room take it out but
luckily there was a spaceman two spaces
where somebody hadn't parked so I backed
into that space can you believe this bro
tard were you there during this whole
stressful situation Oh make it worse
dad you do not even imagine how bad it
was yeah well I'm sorry collect called
me and my phone on silent because we're
in church so me and rock tart and Sun
tart and princes heart were all in my
truck cuz I had to go early to church
because I had a meeting this morning and
so I drove my truck so I drove all the
way home got the kids out finally I saw
clothes calling me this is by like 15
minutes at church she's like come help
I'm like what are you still doing in the
parking lot of the church we've been
home so then I'm like babe you can
figure it out come on cowgirl up and she
got it and I Emmy so baby turn called me
and she's like dad cuz clothes driving
she's like we're on our way home I said
his mom mad at me she's like not really
hey come here I wanna show you something
oh okay come here beautiful leave that
baby here he can fend for himself
come here go don't nope don't go push
play on that video and tell me what you
remember about this video Oh
remember this this is five years ago
this is like our very first skip video
you you remember that I broke the chair
doing this little joke right here to
listen
yeah you're at crack there's so many
funny like editing things in this what
was this okay because anymore
basically that video right there is our
very first brand deal ever in the
history of our YouTube career five years
ago I guess it was white you remember
yep Pepsi and I just uploaded a video
yesterday that was me and Casey and
Logan we honor one last bro ventures
trip of course Logan is on his mission
right now he's at the MTC and Provo Utah
he's been there for six weeks can you
believe it's been six weeks already he
leaves to Argentina tomorrow so if any
of you are in Argentina all Logie bears
headed down to South America tomorrow
Monday can you believe it I can't
believe it's so crazy but he's really
excited yeah we've been getting letters
he's super pumped he's super excited to
get down to Argentina but he leaves
tomorrow anyways we got one
last bro venture tripping before he left
I surprised KC and Loki Bear and I took
them whoa to a San Francisco 49ers
Carolina Panthers game I missed the game
shirts ruins everything
no I was really excited to watch the
Niners Panthers game today go Niners
Congrats all unites fans out there
hashtag was it they're going for six
something through six anyway so now the
Broncos and chargers are playing today
who are you rooting for
that's why cuz you know better because
your aunt will whoop you if you don't
root for the Broncos
Carly's like the biggest Broncos fan
there is anyways one take Sunday please
go check out that video honestly when we
got that very first brand deal from
Pepsi what you want to get spider-man
DUP is it time to suit up huh
fraud charges brings us to me hey will
you put this off for him I'm vlogging
right now
hey can son try to put it on for you yes
yes alright go get suited up and come
back in here it's very nostalgic memory
because five years ago when we got that
very first brand deal Pepsi paid us to
make that little skit video and it was
huge for our financial situation we were
just the poor couple I think did we have
baby Target yeah we just just had baby
tard she was like a newborn and it was
like you know I was like figuring out
how to try to make ends meet
you know just a young father with a
family and I remember when they offered
to pay us to do that video I was like oh
way in fact I remember talking to
Michael Buckley and being like calling
him up and be like is this real like
Pepsi is really gonna pay us to do this
and he's like yeah it's called a brand
deal that's like no way and I remember
to this day I probably still have the
text somewhere Michael Buckley saying to
me Michael Buckley is a yes
know if you know Michael Buckley is a
good friend of mine old youtuber well
he's not old he's young and handsome he
said to me he goes it's probably the
first of many I remember him saying that
to me and I'm like man I can only
imagine it just like how cool it was
he'd be getting paid to make a video
with my wife and it was fun like we had
such a good time shooting it back then
we didn't think about behind the scenes
man I would love to go find like the
deleted footage from that video of us
shooting that video I was a lot bigger
boy than two that was fun though you
remember that and just like how cool was
that we're gonna get paid to make a
youtube video or Pepsi that was it was
like a thing yeah so our current brand
do you guys know we do brand deals like
every day now how we don't do them every
day but we do brand deals most the time
on the shaycarl channel I saw a comment
yesterday that said I wonder if there's
ever gonna be a video on the shaycarl
channel that's not a brand deal yeah
eventually I'm sure there will be yeah I
have a series actually we got a got to
work on that that mean it's been one
serious I don't want to say somebody'll
steal it but anyways the newest brand
deal that we're part of is another Pepsi
deal it's come full circle with me Casey
and Logan we go on a road trip to San
Francisco to Candlestick Park which is
now never gonna be used ever again so me
and Casey and Logan got to be there like
one of the last times they're ever gonna
use it and that's a very historic part
Joe Montana Steve Young Jerry Rice all
had their careers in that Park Barossa
and now they're building the new Park in
San Francisco so that golden or the
Candlestick Park isn't even gonna be
there anymore so really cool opportunity
to see it it's like a vlog it's just me
and my brother's hanging out go check it
out I will put up picture at the very
end where you can click on it go check
it out one take Sunday just go from
church now it's time to eat some dinner
what you're gonna make tell me about
good things of delicious Kenny you don't
care what it is I want the baguette
french bread with some lime aid and some
salad see we get him to smile baby tard
you don't get him to smile you can have
any lunch okay
that's your goal do you accept that
mission serious if he doesn't smile my
dad's here
hey spider-man how are you doing good
good good that's cheating you can't do
that hey I'll get him to smile watch
daddy has the trick I got pumpkin got
him I get your abortion now I get your
spaghetti I get your French red yeah
yeah all right we love you guys thanks
for tuning in every day here at the
Shaytards you don't even know how much
we appreciate it
princess card is over here learning the
piano I got a video that I pulled up on
here and she's learning how to play the
piano Danny Richards has been coming
over once a week starting first week
yesterday and teaching princess turn oh
you know the let that dude that's what
you got to learn you have to learn the
keys you have to learn the notes okay
cuz then you'll be able to be a better
at songs what yeah she was here
yesterday she talked baby tar for 30
minutes princess chart for 30 minutes
and Sons hard for 30 minutes so piano
lessons once a week okay whoever gets to
be best the piano will have my love in
their hearts I already have that so
sorry alright let's eat I'm starving
speaking of starving we're starting our
diet tomorrow I'm gonna make a straight
loss video about that later tonight but
the diet bet begins tomorrow you guys
how much money of you get money how much
know you've gained more than that what
do you weigh right now 130
what's your lightest you've ever been -
I've ever been in my adult life is 104
your skin skinny so what do you want to
get down to how much don't alert and
Colette is 3 foot 11 so just to give you
idea of height I'm really short
are you are you 5 1 how do you know I
don't think you're ever 5 to know like
we have this one like this again arguing
about what how tall you are
he wanted a taller girl well he said
you're not 5 - I was like I am - and we
measured and I was like he's a tall 5 1
and a half so you want to be 115 at 5 1
not like like 110 is where I'm like
comfortable and you're 130 right now yes
what how old are you we're breaking all
the rules here we're breaking the way
age
then it's really good seriously how old
are you 31 31 30 so you're 31 years old
130 pounds what's your credit score 7
hope with more than 37 anyways I have no
room to talk
not even exaggerating I mean that you
can't exaggerate it's a number on a
scale I think I gained 15 pounds all
over the holidays so we're starting
tomorrow us together we're a team and
I'm sure hi I'm Ron will be here as well
but we are starting tomorrow morning I
know I'm kind of pumped - okay cuz I
know that I'm gonna start but the
problem is is my body is addicted now so
it makes it so much harder it's like oh
the first the first week is the hardest
man getting back together I'll make us a
loss of you about it tomorrow if you
want to join our diet bet there's
$26,000 in the pot you can join I'll put
a link below to that we're promoting too
much crap in this video you will you
always do you have never you have never
had a problem hey listen after five kids
dang girl
I'm saying dang I did see a comment
yesterday I said mommy towards looking
fat I'm trying to fatten her milk meter
okay thanks for joining the Shaytards
quit hit me in the bun with those
drumsticks what all right make some
dinner I'm excited all right love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow so please go
to inflate J we have an end slate today
I'm gonna take Sunday here's me and my
brothers just hanging out for some good
old bro time click on that video right
now and go check us out okay I'm gonna
leave three links click on the screen go
see me Logan to KC hanging out at the
49ers game I'll leave a link to our very
first Pepsi brand deal ever add a link
to our diet bench click on um all three
okay let me I see you tomorrow
