like two of this journey starts with
some shoes got to get them on it's
always a battle on our family yeah you
we are always getting your shoes on and
it's always like a wrestling match WWE
style leg tie hogs the our community
feed the baby
early morning baby breakfast baby tired
to have an early morning orange fest so
good can I have one did you eat them all
busted I always look for it every
morning - what my hair is gonna create
during the night usually it's
spectacular like always it's like every
night I go to sleep in the hopes I wake
up to something glorious and it never
disappoints
Zeke you ready you ready to sleep with a
van all right I'm gonna go find him some
breakfast the red rock of st. George
Utah what do you think Pete Ezell if he
gets pretty would you live here
thumbs up no not so much maybe I think
about it okay sounds good all right
good one I can't even do one good kid do
when you started you can only barely do
two he's getting better
good job home pogo stick pirate alright
back from the u-haul trailer so we
brought this thing all of the toys this
is the best part about driving back to
California giant rock formations with
the light bouncing off go
I wish I could fly through this canyon
like a rain suit I wish you could be on
my back yodeling as I flew through this
canyon that would be so sweet I'd be in
a squirrel suit and you'd be on my back
naked yodeling hey kid why not more
exhilarating a hang-glider cuz isn't
that more mellow slow well if you're
yodeling I definitely want a fast world
suit that's definitely naked squirrel
suit flying through this canyon that
would be an experience out of all of the
things that I've done bungee jumping in
a skydiving the hang gliding was the
funnest I really really want to do that
again it was the closest to flying like
you know when you know I've said this
before when you have flying dreams hang
gliding feels just like those dreams
well it was so cool I would love to hang
glide again I love the colors the blue
skies the Red Rocks it's gorgeous yes
love
zip lining yeah that was fun yes the
plane through that Canyon would be a
hard lay down Dola reticle gnarly it
also reminds me of that rope swing I did
with Devin Supertramp
that was kaha hahahaha
all right wanna go far
Viva Las Vegas can you guys see there's
like a smog that like layer of human
sludge hanging over Las Vegas you see
that it's like out here
clear skies so you can almost see this
like easy sludgy layer of human exhaust
just hovering over the city see the
stratosphere that's it right there
there's like this layer that's pollution
my son that is man-made pollution what
have we done to you Oh thou deserts not
like we're helping out much driving our
minivan through it I don't talk about
political things a lot like you know
global warming and all that stuff but I
do believe that we should be stewards of
this planet we should turn off the
lights if we're not using them we should
be very careful with how much water we
use you know when we're brushing our
teeth tonight just let the water run I
try to always tell my kids that we
should recycle that's like the easiest
thing that we can do just get a
recycling bin call your local sanitation
department and order a recycling thing
gotta admit like we are living on this
big rock called Earth we got to take
care of it like I believe in that a lot
of you guys noticed in one of our videos
a couple of weeks ago that we have solar
panels on the top of our house in Los
Angeles our power bill is zero dollars a
month because we have these solar panels
on there and well mind you I didn't have
them installed the owner of the house
that were renting had them installed but
that was one major like perk when we
rented that house and like it has sler
panels yeah that's awesome
I definitely believe in being careful
with our resources you know not just
like plundering this land that we call
earth that we live on it's just weird
you know I'm not saying it's like Vegas
is fall or whatever I'm not trying to
point any fingers but we should all just
be a little bit more conscious you know
turn off the lights turn off the water
recycle just small things like that and
don't litter all that's the biggest one
any time I see somebody throwing
something out of their car it drives me
crazy my blood boils don't be such a
scumbag that you just throw your trash
out the window
seriously don't be that kind of guy or
girl
throw it in the garbage can or recycle
it
scum back all right I'm editing in my
tent
didn't your dad in my editing tent and
we're about to cross the California
inspection border inspect us oh good
thing we have all those illegal aliens
and bag of oranges and editing tents I'm
importing it I'm smuggling editing tents
into California welcome to California
there is baby muffin on this editing
tent I just try to keep out of the way
guys we're almost there we cross the
inspection a triumphant rock tard
because I want to join in the screaming
back to the other back in Los Angeles
California we got blue skies sunshine
and palm trees ladies and gentlemen
welcome back to sunny Southern
California we play all the hits all the
time 78 is out today
and there's a slug bugs inert punch me
in the armor just like like Oh
what that was aggressive you guys have a
song song
I don't care if you don't
Oh clever this ice drawn candy
everywhere Los Angeles California where
everything is a billboard for a new
movie we'll see the new lego movie on
the Metro February 7 others sign your
Los Angeles graffiti another sign you're
in the Los Angeles domestic violence
sure I thought it was pledge isn't for
me that probably isn't funny because
there is really domestic abuse out there
and that is not funny and not cool
I'm sorry for making fun of it don't
make fun of my hair do you like it well
it is glorious don't worry guys she'll
domestic abused me what she needs to
yeah another reason you know you're in
LA there's a delivery truck that
delivers only gluten-free pasta yeah
only in LA we got your pasta gluten free
everybody we made it how's it feel to be
back in your room good alright good
night I love you guys your room is pink
as ever
what are you trying to do plug your
Christmas lights in and I'm plugging
them before we left cuz I don't want to
come home with the house fire house
fires aren't good are you picking your
nose did you just pick your nose and
wipe it onto your blanket yeah you know
in the middle of the night it's gonna
freezin it's gonna scratch you now think
about that that boogers gonna come back
- oh it's Christmas again
Oh oh yeah oh yeah you are yeah baby
party seriously if you wet that booger
on your blanket it'll freeze in the
middle of the night it'll scratch your
skin I'm causing an infection okay so
think about that before you wipe your
boogers on your office huh we have to
make decisions priorities you want
Christmas lights or a charge kindle fire
it's up to you it's up to you can I love
you another glorious and slate made by
one of you fine folks I like this one
because it says the one year ago two
years ago it's a little bit more
explanatory if you want to see what our
family was doing exactly three years ago
today click on that number three how
about four years ago and then of course
yesterday's vlog the mystery video
were bringing Logan back I'm bringing
him back he's been gone on his mission
for six weeks but we're bringing him
back how are we bringing him back click
on that mystery video and you'll find
out hahaha we're back in LA and happy to
be here the weather is gorgeous sunny
Southern California see you guys
tomorrow
