hi I'm log in here waiting on my friends
game I could take some always oh yeah
the velcro okay guys the kids are doing
some crazy things that normally I'd be
like no don't do that that's weird and
kind of gross but it's kind of exciting
at the same time it's snow today so baby
tarts making a snow slushy yep so tell
me how you make a snow slushy you pit
snow in a cup or a pool and then you put
your favorite kind of drinkin and then
you stir it a little and then you can
eat it yeah
/ drink it yeah it's so slushy come on
that's a really fun idea as long as you
don't pick the yellow snow you've got
white snow and flavoring it's gonna be
awesome
bacon 1 2 or my goodness it's snow
slushy time I would have done that as a
kid - how does it taste really good is
it yeah it tastes like a slushy yeah a
little ahh just don't eat the yellow
snow kids it's all I ask with just no
slushies make sure the recipe doesn't
involve yellow all right
because Santa Claus was so generous this
year I have to freaking rent a trailer
hopefully that wheel stays on the axle
who remembers last year we're almost a
Salt Lake City and the tire goes rolling
past us and sparks are shooting out
everywhere it was a tragic experience
guys let's talk about what I know is on
all of your minds right now I know
you're all thinking it I've seen a few
comments and I just wanna you know it's
the elephant in the room so let's talk
about it
I'm getting fat I've thrown on a few
holiday pounds but I have feelings too
it's Colette's fault I've been like
complaining about how much crap we've
been eating and how little I've been
working out she's like quit worrying
about it we're gonna hit it hard when we
start the diet bet that's probably like
the most reason why I'm so excited to go
back to LA is because I want to lose the
weight I have my stable on hold on I'm
not stressing out about it too much
I've also seen some comments of people
that are like Jason extremists which is
true it's like when I diet you know it's
like I'll go ten days on a juice fast
when I eat I eat 10 elephants there's no
elephant the room because I eat it but
I'm excited for Colette to be on board
with this diabetic cited to workout
together it's been over a year that's
actually one of you know the things that
we did a lot when we first started
dating I remember we used to go rock
climbing and all kinds of things but
just because of the pregnancy we haven't
really been able to work out much so I'm
really excited to get back in it
together we are doing another dietbet a
ton of you have requested that we do
another diet bet if you don't know what
a diet bet is it's kind of like a diet
bet ha ha self-explanatory where you
basically put money into a pot a bunch
of us put money into a pot the last diet
bet that me and Ron did the pot was over
$70,000 and all of those who lost 4
percent of their body weight got to
share in the Splenda in the spoils of
the gold and we all shared 70 grand
which is great you didn't win a ton of
money but I think I won like
40-something bucks or something like
that so it's a good motivation to you
know get your butt started in the new
year if you guys want to do it with us
there's a link below it's $30 to join
it's like you're basically throwing your
money in the pot and then whoever loses
4 percent of their body weight gets to
share and divvy up that pot and it's fun
it's a really good community-based
website they
do a great job of keeping people
motivated and they encourage you to like
continually weigh-in over the the four
weeks so it starts January 13th and
Colette and I are doing it together it's
like the mommy loss diet bet and it's
begun you can join right now it doesn't
start like we don't have to start doing
our weigh-ins till the 13th but you can
join right now so go sign up and I'm so
excited to get back to LA I'm gonna be
running on the beach I'm gonna be biking
on the beach get out of this cold
weather and I'm excited to like tighten
things up like it's getting a little
jiggly down here I'll go technique just
tighten it up a little bit about that in
a little bit
can you guys tell that my cheek is
swollen up
it's like fat can you can tell the beard
kind of covers it up a little bit but my
cheek is really swollen up today so it
turned out that I didn't have a root
canal I just somehow got in an infection
down there so they had to go and like
cut open my gums
peel the gums back huh that's graphic
and then like this is cut the infection
out or whatever such a scumbag stitch it
back up so I have stitches and a big
swollen jaw then I'm probably can also
cut my hair and beard once we get back
to LA this was like my Christmas beard I
was like to grow Christmas beard you
know in the cold she want to feel like
Santa you know I'm gonna feel like Santa
Claus all right so uh got the trailer
got the gas now just gotta go with the
family and another thing we've been here
in Idaho for three weeks and it has a
snow at all until today the day we leave
on your stupid stupid precipitation I
hate you where you been I didn't get to
go skiing once this winter I'm a
pathetic loser
alright we're packing up the room you
know what I'm just gonna make an
executive decision like I feel like crap
this like swelling is like oh we're just
gonna spend the night overnight we'll
leave tomorrow my case I call you guys
cool with you guys do you guys care
these guys still cleaning up their room
it's late it just snowed stop filling it
mom we please stay one more night
don't kick us out please okay but all
you're having is just for dinner just
some soup okay
yeah and some popcorn want to stay
overnight yes I don't want to leave do
you want to leave no especially not out
in that snow that trailer quit saying
his name and I supposed to know it's a
secret we don't tell the kids need there
should be right I'm all right I mean
baby's having dinner no food again oh oh
you got a plan okay plan okay you guys
you can say that it's just warming up
okay mom let's Orion gaxton gasps throat
our get out of jury toes right now oh my
he's a nacho cheese man why are you
letting your kids miss so much school
that is such an irresponsible decision
as a parent is responsible that the
school hasn't started back up yet guys
they got like a huge break a lot of you
have been commenting like why are the
kids missing school they're not they're
not going back here to you guys complain
the last year they have complaining okay
get off they go back on the 13th of
January is that a long break what how
long you guys break was over ours was um
two weeks yeah ours is three weeks so
California school systems hi guys
baby hey burping up on me you're gross
so the plan was that we were going to
leave to go back to California today we
woke up and it was snowing and Shay
didn't feel good and then I started
feeling really crappy so we're not
leaving yet today we're gonna go
tomorrow but luckily we have plenty of
time before the kids go to school they
don't go tell Monday so we have plenty
of time we're trying to beat the Vegas
traffic because there's always traffic
from Vegas to California on the weekend
so hopefully we can still beat that hive
no lien thank you Thunder I did wish you
good kisses - here I'll do it for you
we're home we're headed home we're
headed home and these roads are oh well
like everything they're scary it's scary
it is definitely white I feel like I'm
hydro pretty mainly bad snow trope
ladies
outro plate
it's like I the van is like a snake
because we got that trailer so I like
the Vandals swish no swivel that's a
technical term of social swivel and the
trailer so so my good best of conditions
but her happy hearts right
we checked yeah happy heart two three
honey
artful eyes full hearts can't lose can't
win yeah yeah Jeff fighting right how
are you guys how you fell in other
electronic devices they're happy girls
Heather had moved on I can't even hear
no job to me and watch Victoria sing
well this is what we did want for
Christmas is white Christmas but it
decided not to snow until we decided to
leave and it's like oh really and our
interview
we're just tough driving
so bad and everyone's trying to pass the
snowplow
so this guy's doing
a passive macho
yeah throwing that snow you stole that
snow he's no grower
this is very precarious
a white knuckle in the wheel I want
knuckle in his camera Oh lighten up on
the camera so we be back in delaford you
know just click your heels baby shard
what's this dude what is all this
craziness is it snowing yeah do you like
the snow you make a snowball see you
make a snowball I'm gonna get you hey
you just hit me in the bot with the
snowball but snow baller
I keep the face go kick your face kick
your thighs out go kick it hey there's a
nice butt hey what's up hi sorry I can't
get it okay so we're here in Bountiful
and it has been a slow road a hoe it's
been really crazy snowy just taking it
nice and easy
try not to kill my entire family and
we're gonna go meet my buddy my high
school buddy for lunch and we've
miscommunicated the exit like five times
so we're finally glad to be here and it
is cold baby burn so I'm tired
when is your sugar bet end is that right
a lot of you guys have been asking
because it's the new year if the sugar
backs over not until January 20th that's
when he started it so what do you got
like 18 more days two more weeks you can
handle it
I think if you've got a year
two more weeks a lot of you guys somehow
made yourselves like like the referees
of son tarts sugar challenge I know
there was a vlog a couple weeks ago or
he had a muffin and the comments freaked
out he had a muffin it wasn't me we're
not like super strict like he's had
juice and lemonade and stuff and that
kind of stuff has sugar in it we were
just like you know no candy no cake no
no pop he hasn't had any pop no ice
cream no doughnuts
no likes pie Ronny's no really
one of that kind of stuff I think he's
you know he's had some juice and some
lemonade and I know you he had a muffin
the other week and you guys like he had
a muffin like who made you guys captain
of the sugar bed anyways you've done a
very good job and he has not cheated I
vouch for him he's done a very good job
and I'm very proud of you and now I'm
have to pay up aren't I but saving up my
money you guys I'm gonna go broke so
January 20th is the end of the year of
no sugar which I'm impressed I worked
like I said no candy no pop no donuts
brownies that kind of stuff for an
entire year just yeah why did that start
when it start
well you've done a good job very proud
of you
and because of it he hasn't had any
cavities he had to get four of his teeth
pulled out because his teeth were
crowding but his brothers and sisters
have all have cavities and he has had
zero so that right there shows that it's
working right job buddy
proud of you you're a strong man and I
failed I even I saw the video the other
day where I was like I'm gonna do it
with you and then first time we look to
the movies after that I fail because I'm
a pathetic loser sorry you're stronger
than me I'm not even going to commit to
that there's no way I would were making
it's okay sugar is your downfall
ah not at all doc well we are in about
Provo we're just past Salt Lake City it
is a long dreary snowy drive it's gotten
a little bit better but it's still like
traffic and wet rain and it's not fun we
were going to try to make it all the way
to LA today but the flight will probably
only get to Nevada
maybe ski or Vegas see probably be able
to find an inn in Bethlehem because of
CES
there'll be no rooms in Vegas I'd be
forced to push through you're driving
like all sizzly have passed the snow you
don't need it okay leave it just went we
told you to go three-year-olds I said go
ping you said I don't have to did he go
pee in the bathroom at Applebee's get
scared why are you afraid of the toilet
dude
so that's scary why is it scary
hey rocked are you afraid of water
why why
you want to get over it how's the water
gonna hurt you
mr. iPad all right
this is what we've been reduced to three
miles an hour on the interstate
bumper-to-bumper with snow ice and
sleeping wife's I just want to be on the
beam
why hasn't teleportation been invented
yet
who's gonna invent teleportation and
what are you waiting for
teleport my family to sunny Southern
California blink how does it work think
about that you guys I wanna talk to you
about something real quick think about
this okay you guys why don't we just
talk I'm here stuck on the interstate in
the middle of a snowstorm let's have a
chat isn't have a chat okay let's
attract okay here's what I want you to
imagine in your mind a hundred years ago
which we've talked about previously
isn't that long ago what would have just
astounded people a hundred years ago
imagine the Pioneers coming across the
plains in their wagons and their hand
carts in this kind of weather imagine
that you could go pull up a sytem I mean
imagine the Pioneers right here with
their oxen and their wagon going you
know five miles an hour in this weather
all huddled up imagine you pulling up to
them in this van and saying hey hop in
they get in you turn up the heater you
turn up the music and they're just like
how is this working this is magic you
don't have any animals pulling you it's
warm like a fire in here but I don't see
a fire that would just blow their mind
right we're just like being able to send
a picture to somebody in France like
that you know you can text somebody a
picture like even taking a picture and
then show it to them that would blow
their mind it would be like magic so
what will blow our minds right now like
what could you imagine that you'd be
like whoa we're gonna be able to do that
in a hundred years from now wouldn't it
be like teleportation or time-travel
like that's the only thing that I can
think of that would be like no way
and we'll be able to do that so why not
what if we really can teleport in a
hundred years from now or even time
travel what if it actually happens weird
something where it's only been in sci-fi
movies up until now but in a hundred
years it'll be a reality trippy man
that's trippy to think about we won't
have to spend time here and then we'll
look back and be like remember we had to
sit on the interstate in the snow that
was horrible think about it browse think
about it it's never good when a semi is
upside down in the median yeah look at
that
upside down okay we've made it to st.
George Utah and we're giving up we are
quitters we can't do it I drove the
whole time I'll smack you I don't care
if you're a woman um we got the st.
George and I'm sick of driving and it's
ten o'clock at night so we're getting a
hotel we were gonna try to go all the
way through anyways oh we just went to
here um was it called peppers Cantina
and had a delicious dinner so if you're
in st. George you ever come through st.
George go to the peppers Cantina and ask
for Chico and if you're the owner of
peppers Cantina you need to give Chico a
raise because that dudes a dog muffin he
hooked us up with free dessert and they
knew who we were so that's why he gave
us free dessert he's like I know you
guys oh we're going to Walmart
anyway it's peppers Cantina delicious if
you're ever in st. George if you live in
st. George come here walk in and say
where's Jake oh I wanna have Chico's
service and then have him serve you
because he's stone muffin now we're
gonna go to Walmart and buy some other
crap and then go to hotel room and go to
sleep okay okay good great grand
wonderful shut your mouth or I'll smack
it
the food sit in my veins those
enchiladas are hitting my veins okay
we're going to the Days Inn Road again I
just can't wait to get on the road in
we're driving through Barstow right now
almost to LA and we're gonna be back as
soon as Southern California thank you
for this end slate you know who you are
I wouldn't thumbs up the video of the
sensei that you made I like it you click
on yesterday's video click on little bro
tarde for the feeling lucky button and
you can see with the shades hard to do
on four three two count a mound one
years ago and why not let's throw an
annotation for che beer some of you guys
who have recently joined us maybe you
didn't know but we have our own cartoon
can you believe it click on a Viking on
the see right there it'll take you to a
playlist where you can see a cartoon
it's pretty good I like it
alright we'll be back California
tomorrow or today actually we'll see you
tomorrow
