which we wait
I think that rolling
this is weird I've never filmed
okay I'm rolling icing
yep the numbers are go on one two three
four roll it all right guys we got a
pretty sketchy sitch I'm not sure if
you've ever been in a sketchy Cinch but
I'm like 10 into white-knuckle wheel and
sketchy sit here person you're dealing
with major snow major ice major
precipitation baby in the back crying
baby that's actually the scary thing is
you can't really pull over
because the the shoulders are deep in
snow and ice and if you pull over you're
gonna get run by a semi get stuck
there's somebody's gonna run off the
road and run into you
so we're going about 40 miles an hour
yeah in an 80 mile per hour zone
we got a sad baby we got kids and
earphones nose-pickers we even got those
she hides she hides I'm not picking my
nose are you doing that oh did you cry
try to give him a bottle
give him the bound bottle girls he's mad
see if the biggie he's really mad he
doesn't like the bottle or the binky
when it's like I've already had this
ones today I want the real thing
basically we're in a stressful situation
it's for 48 in the evening we don't know
and we're gonna be able to pull over
cool that doesn't want to drive cuz I'm
the man of the man history of sex
I really don't want to drive though it
scares the heck out of me to drive on
these roads and he really is not scared
and I'm ok with that
so I can't edit the vlog so we just
decided to do a one take er the baby
screaming bloody murder laddie we've all
been in the car we left this morning at
10:00 so it's been you know six hours in
the car and we're only like
only the equivalent of four hours away
from home we should be in Vegas by now
ish but the snow has been crazy look at
this look at these roads man she showed
you a house
Rodie
these roads are getting real roadie row
adds oh so you guys want take today I'm
sorry we are limited by internet and by
good weather so we're in a sketchy
stitch maybe that should be today's
video title sketch you see Jackie sit
I'm trying to get it good like Shana you
ever shot of me as a good shot of me so
we're headed back to Los Angeles we are
hoping to be back tonight but it's not
gonna happen because of these roads
we're gonna be lucky if we make it to
Vegas and then there's probably not
gonna be a hotel room because CES is
happening the Consumer Electronics Show
is in Vegas right now and I bet you
every room is also though so we're like
Mary and Joseph in the end we're going
to Bethlehem to have our baby Jesus and
nobody will let us stay with them and a
little bro tart has been crying as he
wants some warm boob milk but he's
crying
anyways say something entertaining
entertaining hot so tired tell him a
story
tell me something exciting do you have
any stories I'm not betting the same
thing and Rock charts real exciting rent
to start
wait are you exciting tell these guys an
exciting story
uh-uh you can't do that to people see
nobody's that entertaining about you you
know how to come up with an off-the-cuff
situation story I did just actually I
just thought of something exciting what
this little guy had to pee before he
fell asleep he's probably gonna pee I
don't know if he did but he probably
will check the corner that's the things
that moms think about I'm not gonna
check just cuz I darling doubt it'll be
a Jets approached our oil area see if
there's some warm moisture there's
nothing we can do about it no anyway
this is really crazy going 39 miles an
hour that we've seen probably five or
six cars off the road I was just
actually talking about something but
I've logged and I want to save it for
tomorrow so I'm not gonna give you my
little entertaining snippet which he'll
probably watch tomorrow be like that
wasn't it entertaining but I've been
passing the time by listening to ear
biscuits rhett and Link they have a new
podcast I guess I'll just give rhett and
Link you shout out they have a podcast
and I just got done listening to the
Chester C podcast I listened to the nice
Peter cop podcast and I'm currently it's
smack dab in the middle of the Brittani
Louise Taylor podcast it's called ear
biscuits you guys should check it out I
did I'm not sure did I ever give a shout
out to the podcast I did a podcast with
rhett and Link I did a two-parter well
you know the thing was it is pretty
revealing like that podcast I say a lot
of things in that podcast that I have
really never said in the videos before
so if you guys were like share you to
make a video today this one taker sucks
there's over two hours of content on the
rhett and Link podcast you know what it
was is because we sat there for two and
a half hours talking you forgot the
camera well there was no cameras that's
the right it was just me and
rhettandlink sitting at a table at their
studio and so then it started I forgot
that it was being recorded and so I was
like we were just sitting around a table
there's like three dudes just talking
and then after we were done I was like
oh yeah that's going on the inner
like what did I say they say things I
shouldn't have said so if you haven't
seen it I'm not gonna be able to leave a
link below because we're just gonna do
it one tank I'll put a link in the
description below later but it's on
iTunes you can just look up rent link
ear biscuit podcast on iTunes and go
listen to the podcast if you want but
I'm listening to Brittani Louise Taylor
episode right now it's interesting okay
so sorry guys this is the Shaytards vlog
for today we are stuck in the tundra of
central utah it is sketchy sale week it
is definitely a sketchy cinge remember
when I had that sketchy itch those
reminded me that time was like that this
itch was in a really sketchy sitch and
it's like can you itch my sketchy sitch
you lazy lazy trying to rhyme it doesn't
always work out right guys alright man
in the middle of the snowy Tundra oh hey
good news the tire and our u-haul hasn't
fallen off yeah so that's good alright
last words to be your last words to the
Internet you guys oh don't oh no no no
no no we'll be fine we're coming
you don't worry ever no we can crash him
down right now she's so just way to add
to this get you sick Shay thank you did
I just up the sketchy cinch we're at a
CodeRed sketchy cinch now
