musically that many people watch us on a
daily basis I love my every one of those
people why do they watch us what do you
the reason is cuz you're weird
are you ready I think that you're gonna
be just fine lines I love every second
to fix it that's what I that's right I
feel bad because I wanted to shave the
mustache cuz like the mustache is
hanging down a little bit and it's like
he's gonna have to battle the mustache
with a machete he's gonna be like in the
jungle
hey yeah he's gonna be in the jungle and
he's gonna be hacking away at this
mustache to try to get to these glorious
chompers yeah I'll just have to like
Toma back for me so maybe we'll get some
barrettes and just pin it back and we
had some regrets boughs okay here we go
good luck pass thanks
okay so I'm going to pick up Shane right
now and I guess he's done quit scaring
kids Shay kiddo my car Shay get in the
car
I slipped friend will get in the car run
does that give you laughing yeah
another thing scared the crap out of
kids a strange bearded man spring fair
demesnes drunk or otherwise impaired and
target appliance che heard this song and
blue tape there's no song I'm talking
about it's like the eighty song when he
goes science to science that came on and
I said I feel like I'm in a weird music
video alright had the lady turn up the
radio really loud
science science science okay so I am
coming down from the numbing gosh I'll
try a smile and let's turn on the gas
they give me gas head laughing gas you
feel like you're flying bro when you
have on that laughing gas I got blood on
my hand yeah is touching my stitches in
my mouth and I somehow got blood on now
we are at the DI
also known as Deseret Industries Victor
it's like a thrift store has like old
people's clothes so what my grandma does
wait what are you Lowe's my peoples old
clothes that's what I meant to say
you're my mom right your when the girls
absolutely love coming here and doing
their own shopping so because it's so
cheap like
for instance these pants are a dollar
how much is this
she got found a little poncho turn
around that is cute do you like that I
like that look at that little skirt
what's that three bucks that's a good
deal so mom brings these girls here and
just lets him have free rein
I'm shocked till they drop what do you
think you like that well can I get
something to do you can find the
weirdest stuff here a lot of cool books
what's this book my dad John McCain can
I get this book mom check this out
the hole what is this New Moon Stephenie
Meyer's Twilight the whole Twilight
series I'm talking about check this out
a hyper light that's cool oh that's for
soon yeah it's for boats you scan on
boat are you right but we're just trying
to fly you're gonna get kicked out of
the deal kicked out of the thrift store
Macklemore is gonna come in here start
yelling out us any second but she know
about rockin the wolf on your rag
dude you're the Duke of denim we'll do
that I like that that's really cool I
like that that's sweet we full
disclosure I just stole that joke from
Harley from Epic Meal Time he had Jay
Leno on one of his videos recently he
called Jay Leno the duke of denim which
is hilarious because Jay Leno is known
for always wearing denim button-up shirt
what well then how could you pass up
that sweater I don't see any way you
could you better get it they have
everything at the store if you want a
German Shorthaired coffee mug they have
German Shorthair coffee months hey guys
I'm vlogging here look it's a cannon I'm
using the Canon right now
ah scared you mm-hmm could I get you
good you did get that all right so we're
trying on outfits
all right Prentiss are do you have a
reveal for us all right princess hard
find a coat she likes yeah baby TARDIS
fighter her outfit ready action
let me see the inside of that coat
I like the checkers that's nice so sassy
so handsome
yeah yeah yeah we're at Jamba Juice look
at the missionaries all the missionaries
come here hey we just got a letter from
Logan in the mail he almost lost his
vision he was playing basketball got
poked in the eye
show the picture Shane don't those baby
blues Loki bear the Mickey nervous
what if you hit blind well you know what
the weird thing is is cuz my friend that
I work with his son was playing football
at ISU
you know just the intramural and
upholding the eye and it detached his
retina and he had to come he's got down
three cataracts I hate good times really
21 Logan went blind he won't be able to
look at all of the selfies that he take
somebody's
it looks so mom today I was at the
dentist and I was telling this girl
about what we do for a living and she
was like so how do you make money doing
that and I was telling her it's like the
advertisements that come on the side of
our videos and kind of we worked like a
big billboard and she said so that must
mean a lot of people watching her I was
like told her how many like on never
average day watch us and she's like oh
my gosh and in my mind I was like it is
pretty shocking how many people actually
watch cuz like if you break it down look
almost calling come on guys I gotta talk
to Grandma communally that many people
watch this on a daily basis I love my
every one of those people why do they
watch us what are you the reason us cuz
you're weird leave a comment below why
do you watch us hi grandma
I'm vlogging like I usually am maybe
French
yeah blunders maybe that one okay so we
just got home I just got off the phone
with my grandma guess what she called to
tell me I love love with capital l.o.v.e
stories like this so she said that she
just got back from the grocery store she
was in the produce aisle and she saw if
you guys recall a few days ago we were
rantin and Ravin about this ranch this
kind of ranch that is only sold in this
small town in northeastern Utah so she's
in this what's the name that grocery
store in Kansas Ken's grocery store she
sees the guy who is like the owner of
this ranch makes this ranch and she
tells him she's like hey I just got you
a new fan of your ranch and the guys
like she said his eyes got all big and
he's like who is it shaycarl and
grandma's like yes oh you haven't heard
the story at babe have it and he's like
I've been getting emails from all over
the world of people who want to try this
ranch
so apparently you guys have been
emailing at Woods ranch wanting to try
it and so now he's like I'm shipping
ranch all over the place and then he
tells grandma he says you tell him that
if he drives through here I want to take
him out to dinner get him a case of
Gramp so because of you guys the
Shaytards are gonna get some free ranch
in a dinner it's really good doing it
honestly is like I wouldn't just say
that like couples drinking it it's
really good rancher I love ranch ranch
ranch ranch uh so uh yeah go buck up a
guy go buy some of his ranch he's a cool
dude do you mind if I just get a little
less room just a little bit this is that
word maybe a little gold with gold ranch
okay
super me this is Rp hold on people have
been saying in the comments that you
shouldn't whisper cuz it's bad for your
voice so you just need to not talk try
to talk normal right now go hi
is it really that hard do you really
can't talk a little bit are we bad
parents cuz we haven't taken them to the
doctor are we bad parents
no he's healthy he'll get over it some
people know the doctor too much alright
alright we're ready for the fashion show
is coming first okay wait here she comes
and she picked out this skirt sassy and
flowers and denim it's baby tard an
outfit totally nine dollars we save spin
smile you can't be fight with your
brother while you're fashion log showing
this on Mexico let's see those sparkles
on your pinky Oh get out of the fashion
show you monkey you big fat orangutan
now if it was like 2 4 5 6 that outfit
was eight dollars eight bought to the
thrift store Macklemore you are onto
something
alright up next who do we got none other
than Oh
so darling get your sassy ass out that
was okay action
oh it's sparkly it's shiny it's the
princess tire yeah
and that was like $3 these are cute look
at these socks shaycarl socks yeah oh
sorry let's try to sell some software
can't see the next outfit outfit number
two coming up ladies gentlemen - one
second information on the fashion show
okay body reveal mm-hmm here they come
ladies and gentlemen the cutest girls on
my daughter's yeah I picked that shirt
out cuz I'm pretty cool here I think
it's so cute that you went shopping look
it was fun with just a little girls time
I can pick out some great sassy deals
every once in a while yeah how much were
those those were like five bucks right
I'm a model and you know what I mean I
do my little thing on the catwalk yeah
on the catwalk I'll shake my little too
shown catwalk yeah like it is that is
there any more outfits go put it on am I
gonna see your whining we scored good at
this - we didn't do this it's only 7
o'clock at night you guys are in your
pajamas already one of those days it's
just one of those days this girl goes
through somebody comes up backs up and
puts his butt on my leg
he's comfy you comfy who's your comfy
hey when I used to rock climb a lot I
used to do a pull-up just hanging on to
the doorframe
with my fingers oh I'm sure you still
can I can I'm sure I do fat you probably
are but try it it'll be funny if you
weren't but it'll be cool if your knee
is you have to hang we have to hang
straight-armed for a second before you
do why because you can't like jump off
it as a County day home and for your two
seconds and then put yourself up okay so
count ready okay
one two pull hurts how many of those
could you do what I just did it
just one ah maybe we should show the
replay okay the audience is ready for
the last outfit reveal are you guys
ready
they paid big money baby Todd here she
is oh it's sparkly it's red it's
fantastic you're so pretty cool cute
wonderful great grand wonderful face
ball body slam oh you don't I think if
this was done to more models do good in
the world Bart was telling me you fart
care for the stern we're ready
rope for those lazy days you just want
to relax or maybe walk down to the pool
let me sniff this robe
does that man a mink I think I want to
bite that can I just share something
with you guys speaking of how many
people do watch our videos every day
starting on January 1st 2014
we started averaging over a million
views a day the analytics on YouTube are
pretty sweet here it is the second 1.1
million views 1.17 on the third
there's my mom's birthday we got 1.2
million views and then on the 5th 1.3
but what really concerns me is yesterday
um nobody watched our videos and I just
I'm just sad that you guys stopped
watching everybody all one I just get it
because as jazz you do as a kind of yet
but a sincere thank you guys you have no
idea how encouraging this is sure I know
you're gonna say more views vehicles we
get more money but it is more than the
money it is just like the engagement
that excites me and to see these numbers
when you guys go and you click on those
roll the in slate the four year ago the
one the three year ago the two year ago
you guys go watch those old video
that means a ton to us and we really
appreciate it so thank you for watching
our videos how do I say it ooh gracias
me amigos click on is a blog click on
the Finn and lucky button and we are
actually headed back to California today
I know man I love it here in Idaho we're
thinking about moving back I don't know
what will happen in the next you know
year or whatever but we're definitely
got that Idaho itch under our skin the
kids need to finish the school year we
don't want to move them out of their
school you know but maybe at the end of
the school year we might move it I don't
know we'll see don't get your hopes up
all right we let guys see you tomorrow
