hi I'm logging here hello welcome to
another day in life of the shades our
public office so now let's go this
morning today is tooth maintenance day I
have to dentist appointments one
includes a reroute all right roads canal
not only did they route my canal once
apparently it has failed or some sort of
bull malarkey pardon my language but
they have to reroute my root canal and
nobody likes a reroute that root canal
because root canals in general are not a
good time if you were to put a scale of
like fun times root canal probably at
the bottom of those fun times probably
so yeah probably I mean you guy name 10
activities one including getting your
testicle sack stuck in the card or root
canals probably a little bit worse than
that really no really getting your nut
sack stuck in a car door this isn't
appropriate I don't know why this line
of conversation has began I apologize
I'm sure it's happened to Daddy
impossible leave a comment below if you
ever got your nut sack guys lose guard
or why did you do this to me woman
you've led me along a inappropriate line
of conversation I did not do nothing so
I have a dentist appointment at 10:00
a.m. and then another one at 2:00 p.m.
kids have one at 12:15 so in smashed
sandwiched in between shades
appointments we talk about smashing
things I've already have a bad image in
my brain oh yeah root canal here we go
okay so I have to go in tomorrow at 2:00
and finish my dental work they have to
do like a surgery no talking
all right you guys ready go to the
dentist
sometimes getting teeth old princess
starts getting her nose pulled off baby
tired has to get her hair braided baby
tards getting a pedicure they do that
you guys are both alright that's right
you're getting a knuckle sandwich
you're getting a solo knuckle sandwich
knuckle sandwich knuckle sandwich
knuckle knuckle sandwich all right dude
I'm not gonna lie to you not envious of
your situation even though I do have to
have surgery on my teeth tomorrow but
I'm gonna get laughing gasps are you
excited about that sweet crash up so
centaur has to get two of his teeth
pulling out two or one his canine teeth
because they're crowding his other teeth
so he has to get them pulled out because
they're caused in a situation of
crowding hey there's no Kindle Fire HD
is allowed in the dental office what do
you think you are just walk in here with
your technology how to kick you in your
ruby red slippers but ah dude the
torture chamber has been prepared are
you ready let me see what's gonna happen
just let me in low give you a little
preview the dentist is gonna come in
here he's gonna put his feet size 12
boots on your chest and have a pair of
pliers he's gonna go in there and rip
you ready
they'll aren't that bad these guys are
professionals they're experts at their
craft just relax
try not to scream too much and if you
bleed turn your head so you bleed on the
floor we can just mop it up okay okay
have fun I'm such a good author
I was kidding dude you'll be fine okay
most likely I love you all right let's
go see Princess Targa's on laughing gas
right now totally tough she's an LA girl
so you know
so you can help prepare to repel terror
she giggled and you're tough her oh you
are awesome girlfriend does it hurt open
big wide big wide bite open all right
the next patient we can't work on you
y'all have matching saw sparkly shoes so
that while she's getting her teeth on
she can click her heels together and get
back home you can close your mouth on
that one
close your mouth how you feeling buddy
good okay you got four teeth coming out
how's the happy guess just make you feel
a little busy kay drops kind of crazy
having three kids in the dentist chair
no no baby
yeah touch there's one there's the other
and there's the other you have three
kids in the dental chair all right good
luck to you you're Top Gun be my wingman
anytime all right bro you ready
how you feeling okay the doctor is here
I just pees on him tell him you're gonna
put your size 12 boots on his chest with
a pair of pliers rip them out it's maybe
not have been the best father advice you
know what say some jokes Dennis big
ready big me let's rip him out man he
isn't hurt by excessive his uncle his
uncle was giving him crap you're gonna
do great dude
just relax you got this it'll be easy
just shoot where's free coupon good job
yo Kari I told you I told you he's gonna
kind of wiggled out back and forth
you're doing awesome you are doing
awesome now and once it's cool it'll be
okay got it
yeah okay got it good job
one out you're doing so good
okay make mental deep breaths through
your nose buddy good job
you get braces soon you might have too
much there you go you got a second one
good job two down dude you're halfway
there I'm awesome
all right it's done with the dentist how
was it dude they're hurt I watched him
pull all four of your teeth out
literally was with some pliers he just
ripped him out yeah you can drink it
did it hurt did it hurt let me see you
got two teeth pulled out too didn't you
they have their teeth they have their
teeth you got four teeth pulled out you
see him there they are
how did that gas make you fill was it
weird so crazy little loopy a little
spinny that what that meant when you
spin around baby chart how that gas make
you feel are you still high bro yours
his mouth numb all right I was crazy
watching those kids
I watched him pull your teeth out it was
pretty crazy huh Northy footage yeah
I'll show you and now we ride a
motorcycle to the top of the mountain
Oh Idaho I love you I'll eat your soil
or chew on your rocks on a hog you're
sagebrush I'll bite your berries is that
weird
eat their soil no one must eat dirt not
funny Cook is so funny
nobody so funny he's like dirt why how
how did you know you eat dirt yeah crash
sometimes during it's in your mouth so
you know what it tastes like
dumb isn't it my dear I thought I'd take
a little ride up here on my little sea
far f-100 so what
motorcycle didn't I my dear didn't I my
dear well it's that time of night
everybody's started good food except for
the marriage had is running through the
living room here I will not show you but
you pretty much know who it is I'm
Jeremy I go take a bath then you've got
this guy he's a sweetie Boni he had two
dental appointments but he was involved
with the other three so he's at a big
tennis date today I was sitting there
saying please oh so good enemies and
everyone else is pooped and a big day
that's all I could say come to come here
look who commented come here coop good
guess who just left comment on my video
stampy cat did yeah I believe it he saw
your he saw you talking to him remember
I told you he had see stampy cat
Cooper's favorite youtuber look he left
a comment right here
he said that was awesome I watched that
with a massive grin on my face I will
make more videos just for you thanks for
that guys you made my night PS you're
going to have to get Cooper minecraft
now what you have right he knows you
stampy cat knows you now you're famous
Cooper you're famous boy balls you're
famous
what's your language watch your language
you're famous oh my goodness gracious
person starts not impressed
no stampy cat is mom you're fed it get
out of here you don't know stab me
chatted with me yes he believed her
Cooper yes yes he is a youtuber who
makes Minecraft videos mom get your
freaking life together
I got minecraft what should I say why
should I tell stampy cat I got mine cry
hey why do you just tell him right now
with your voice and so I have to type it
because my fingers are pretty tired
right now okay just sit okay okay ready
and show okay I have minecraft oh great
comment Thanks okay ready and set go I
watched videos ok Brit right I like your
accent
I can't ban mm-hmm you like no creepers
together all the monsters are creepers
huh
a mob I've never played minecraft ever I
should play some minecraft I'll take
your word for it I'll bet you a lot of
people had to turn this vlog off because
they're afraid of dental work we really
got in there we're not gonna hold
punches here on the Shaytards we're
getting shots we're showing you were
getting shots we're ripping our teeth
out we're showing you that we're ripping
hurt well I'll show you that my kids get
their teeth ripped out I don't know if
I'll film my little dental surgery which
I have to go to right now and it didn't
help editing this footage right before I
know I have to go get this root canal
dug into I'm nervous you guys pray for
me all right love you check out
yesterday's ball click on that pin and
lucky button if you want to see our kids
grow up over the years how many teeth
that would be a good Shaytards trivia
how many teeth have we witnessed fall or
be pulled out of the Shaytards
children's mouths over the last five
years I'm bettin in the 20s or so I
don't know all right let me guys we'll
see you tomorrow
