hello little bit tight oh look at him
yeah yeah your skin here hand oh sorry
that look like who's gonna punch me in
the face for a second are you gonna
punch me in the face
we are gonna get this little guy ready
for him let him tomorrow yes your
daddy's going to give you a blending
tomorrow so in our church where babies
are born if they get blessed and it's
been two months and usually we would
bless him before this but it's like it's
time to bless him so we're having all of
our family come over tomorrow churches
at 8:30 a.m. I know so early don't ask
me why but we're going at 8:30 a.m. to
bless this little boy so we're gonna
give him a nice bath and we're gonna
clip your talent cuz you got a long
fingernail you want showing your long
fingernails
no mama embarrassed don't show that are
you ready okay look this is missing one
do you oh what's just that one did we
get another one like run out away
whatever let's go Freddie
sorry okay
you took dearly propriety birthday to
you you brought us to the I from your
pretty dresses you plot moon and the Sun
sort of a mess but my outfit was a
pretty much just happy bird
all right today is a very special day
indeed in his bro tardes blessing day in
our church we bless the children we
don't baptized until they're eight but
basically he got a name and a blessing
today and we have a lot of family here
this is the line for the children no
adults loud okay you ready to eat yeah
so we just had delicious breakfast but
didn't have any - good guys day - juice
cleanse I don't even want a bagel I
don't even want some mayonnaise he's not
a spoonful of mayonnaise
what's up Jase carbs no taste this one
this one's good this one is pineapple
apple lemon mint it's really refreshing
I'm gonna do one when I get back to LA
juice cleanse no you know what I love
them you go to bed feeling just like
your belly's not bubbly you just feel
good dude I it's the best when I was on
my juice cleanse I go to bed and I
really wake up my stomach was felt tight
you know what you be in a lot of food
and just like sitting there just do you
feel good white bread peach that doesn't
count okay okay - that's not exactly its
juice that's full of sugar doll 100%
juice from chemicals
desi you like the concert it's like this
music like grandma's dance and I bet you
guys I wore this when I go Celeste and
actually one of our viewers made this
coat for him and an Hat and these shoes
hey where's my bed
you're not my baby where's my babe babe
my dad
you have a good blessing buddy yeah
don't skank me bro oh yeah yes yeah I
wore this
Logan wore this KC wore this Sun tarde
wore this we all wore that we're blessed
I bet you 500 people just yarn from
watch and a black dog on this steel
there's a black dog on the stairs what
should we do Oh duh that make sense
hey black dog what are you doing on this
sir she's just hanging out there where
come in come in Kobe he's a good boy hey
so is it true that I wore that thing
that wrote arts learned today it's very
true where did you get that um when you
were born I walked down to the gift shop
at the hospital yeah one name is fennel
and I bought it and you're blessed in it
Casey was posting it to your cousin's
Logan then tard
and Cooper was bused in it and then it
was lost for a time yeah so Brock worth
of blessed in it because the person lost
it from when we kick rocks right out of
the family brood and now rotor you made
that mom I did and then um and then um
no way you're lying that one take no
maybe it should be I was like crap cuz I
was gonna tell them about the other part
of the outfit I did I told one of our
viewers made it oh yeah his name Brendan
they're running clapping seems Brendan
he was in our running club me I was his
own mole and so he made the Hat sweater
so my mom was over here Brendan he has
his own wool company she was over here
telling our accessories thank you she's
telling like yeah he raised the sheep
that it's from she was trying to tell
people that he raised the sheep Brenda
traceless sheep that's good no but he
did go through a lot I mean he started
his company from the ground up innocent
very own business cozy Waldo hey I need
some wool yarn because I'm gonna make I
made each one of my boys in Africa and a
big one when they were on their missions
I love my Afghan my Murray app again I
it's the warmest Afghanistan I've ever
worn
the soul man never died pressure come
right no pressure
yeah so are you making excuses I just
wanna hear beautiful music we're gonna
come up with y'all me where the soul
I never die
keep your boobs near shirt on
we're all
with joy
and then the soul
across the soul
see
nice where
then so
then
tea
where
and the soul
got some fans here all right ladies
let's hear it
the Great Divide
oh yeah that's wrong worker let's start
from the top again get the lyrics right
you notices like I sing this all the
challenge need your mom to help you in
the dancers west of the Great Divide
your go black the wind in my city hours
go out a cowhand space I wanna
guitar
oh geez here's some of the other 1800
children that are in our house right now
hello we have a tramp jumper out there
and beyond the Tramp jumper we have a
son sitter those dogs just sucking up
the Rays and I love it
Sikh boy you got no idea we're staring
at him the Bronx you have it a good day
yeah I am
we're just enjoying this sweet sunshine
it can happen now what's going to do
they've been playing non-stop Molly's
been here it's been like four or five
dogs or stop their plan speak of the
devil
here comes Kobe son tard no wonder he
can't get his voice back he's been
jumping on the trampoline non-stop since
we got here
hey mom is it bad that he hasn't had his
voice for like two weeks I think you
should get it back right now they're
playing outside every day I might not be
such a bad thing I just can't be around
okay patient to make me emotional
friendly stop
you'll like this now this part no
telling from from my heart dude I love
about our vlogs that's not a good thing
everybody talking our kids just sit
there watching and look I saw a Gavin in
the other day watching himself and just
laughing his head off my god what are
you watching it was him and it's funny
how we get criticized sometimes in the
comments like when your kids grow up
they're gonna hate you so bad videos it
yeah look look they definitely hate us
for filming them started before they can
remember they should look up should be
like oh you guys watching what your can
we connected on there you want to watch
it on the TV
it's not that's not big enough for you
it's not a big M Street yeah oh that was
funny we're doing that karaoke singing
Farley I don't know I haven't worked
that Apple TV in a long time hey don't
try it what are you say Casey what's
smart aleck comment we're gonna make I
like your box you okay good what what
where you say mom I forgot it was very
important because you know what how cool
is that how would you like to go back
ten years and see yourself moving and
acting because you know I don't have any
pictures of when I was a little kid or
any video when I was a little
and how fun to go back even two years
again and see what they were like
parlous alright we're rooting for who we
run for the Packers or the Niners Casey
we have to root for the Niner know what
after that you go fluid lost know what I
want I want everyone to lose
Casey's P owed because the Eagles are
out Casey's a big Philadelphia Eagles
fan I think I'm rooting for the Niners
because I saw them play live good day
huh babe
yes I'm special awesome day and on video
or I am white balance white balance here
seat some cheese please this is a cheese
balance I don't know if it worked I'm
gonna get it now look at that Idaho sky
that is gorgeous
what's going on down here Bray Bray
where's your coat coat young lady
declare a thumb war is that house under
stepped on your face Braley mm-hmm and
then he landed on your face sounds
tragic it is a good game who's watching
the NFL today quite the offensive
showdown between the Packers and the
Niners all dem dogs are sleeping all dem
dogs are sleeping you sleep in Kobe oh
them dogs are tired from playing all day
but who knows how to get the most
comfortable zekiel your grandma's gonna
yell at you for being on that couch
you're gonna get in trouble look could
you sleepy you can barely keep your eyes
that will open lie down right down
there's a good boy that feel good oh yes
you are comfortable you're comfortable
that's nap time for the doggies what are
you doing huh huh what are you doing
what do you think you're doing Iron Man
won't you go give Ezekiel kisses No all
right you guys ready to have your
medicine
so zekiel we've been applying some
neosporin to his bite from Mali and
Bronx we think has kennel cough so he's
taken honey gonna have your honey confit
Bronx Bronx had to medicine Bronx
heights and medicine look at him dogs
not get comfortable it's crazy to me but
Carly's son Cooper is a minecraft
fanatic he watches it was a very
important game stampy cat how often you
watch his videos soon correct
ah forever all the time so I just came
in here and rocked hard
and Cooper are watching this guy named
stampy cat play Minecraft videos and now
Robert says dad I want minecraft so that
I showed Cooper how you could find this
guy on Twitter and this is the first
time that Cooper's actually seen this
guy is that cool to see him because I
usually just hear his voice huh
so this is stampy cat and Cooper watches
Minecraft videos all the time
hey honey guess what Rockford is said to
me what Dad I want minecraft oh yeah
don't play Minecraft I know he's
exhausted he's going back anyway I just
lost interesting there's so many
different things on YouTube this is a
guy named stampy cat do you watch these
two gate yeah we watch this well i
stampy cat everybody likes watching your
videos and I can't hear you hey I bet
you might see this you wanna say hi to
him don't say I didn't say something
stamping couch love it what do I say to
stampy cat what if he sees this what
would you say to him begin what would
you say Cooper the comment you want look
what if he's watching this video right
now what would you say to him
I like nice I like videos you should
make a new game he just made one ten
hours ago remember how I showed you you
wanna make a new one yeah well come on
you can't make him a slave to you ah now
out always is stampy cat let's go look
me look haired here's how you find his
newest videos you want to stampy cat you
go to videos you big and then these they
see look he made a video 10 hours ago 13
hours ago one day in the last 24 hours
he's made three videos is that not
enough for you no how many more videos
do you want
I think hundred million get on its
stampy cat you slacker you better make
some more videos alright everybody get
in bed it's bedtime
I like his accent yes cool British
accent huh - retardation Denis yeah you
had a dentist's appointment so do I have
to get a root canal tomorrow Oh get off
the couch what me 12:15 my dentist
appointments at 10 a.m.
can I cancel my dentist appointment oh
yeah I need one oh it is your light you
cannot wait for you okay you guys want a
mission this is project make the baby
smile at himself in the mirror by the
way I saw some comments saying that they
thought my hair and beard was ugly I
think I'm handsome and kind of ugly
okay watch let's see we can do it to
Kate it that's you smiley oh there it is
there it is oh don't look away
Arius here's smile okay look at that guy
who's that guy is that you try to smile
bro oh yeah he's my let him he's a cool
guy oh oh I can happen just kidding
cool guy yeah they wanna hang out with
him
yeah you guys shine yeah we did it we
did it was she Polly mission hold it
yeah he's a cool guy you should hang out
with him
he has bubbles
just like you do just like you do baby
we did and we got we got him to smiled
himself he thinks he's a cool guy now oh
boy
yeah you've touched his hand who's that
guy you have to find out that's what
this life is about a slice about finding
out who that guy is this life's about
creating who that guy is it is it's true
you have to decide who you want to be
and become that okay so who do you want
to be who do you want to be in this life
every day you wake up you have to strive
to become that guy okay give my five
yeah shame and giving yourself a high
five you wake up give yourself a high
five and say let's do this let's create
a cool life yeah I eat your brains like
in Indiana Jones when they eat that
monkey brain I'm on baby brains all
right a delicacy oh wow that's great I
don't even a beer it's okay good night
and that's what we did today I don't
know what you're thinking I know you're
thinking right now you're like oh my
goodness gracious that is such a cute
adorable family I want to help them out
my thumbs up in favoriting tweeting
facebooking tumblr een google+ een
instagramming pinterest een and shouting
out this video from the roof tops that's
exactly what you're thinking I know I
can read your mind brain that I'm gonna
eat with spoons like my monkey baby
Brite rah check out yesterday's vlog
click on the film lucky buddy who wants
really Arjun one two three four go Z
let's see tomorrow
