what one take Sunday welcome to our
world
i just opened the window she's eats it
Zeke is crazy what did what did he do
did he apply for a loan
yeah he's pretty tall is the out there
right now Oh crazy start having alright
well next Sunday today is bro tards
blessing so we have lots of family here
oh my gosh
princess guard you crazy lady is she
showing off for you guys just bow how
many kids are here you guys know how
many kids we have here there's four
there's two more down there there's four
more right here that's ten eleven no
exaggeration there are probably 16 kids
here kids me do that again do that again
that wasn't cool Zeke no go go go show
the trick yes no I'm sure the door you
can't come inside watch let's watch this
trick he was giving her a big hug hey
how do you think the blessing went today
explain to them what the blessing is how
would you explain it meant a lot who's
been asked and the father holds the baby
out and then he says a prayer to a the
baby
you're right really I was good princess
is doing some tricks huh good Trish that
know you're strong yeah the whole
doggone you know you have to stay
outside sorry there's too many kids we
have to replace kids with dogs tell that
every time I damnit up I got my gamma I
got my job I do so yeah we had a bro
towards blessing today it was quite the
experience lots of people here for me
it's hard to believe that it was my
fifth
child I've blessed all five of my
children what is with your hair wig wig
that arrests wig how many kids are here
what would you guess what's a
guesstimate how many kids your parents
have black for how many do adamantane
outdone it have eight we have five honey
is that what's eight plus five plus four
seventeen seventeen seventeen plus isla
that's eighteen eighteen kids chasin he
just left nineteen plus KC and Kaylie's
two kids 21 we have 21 kids here and
five dogs plus Cooper 22 there's 22 kids
in this house do you guys know that it's
a lot of mess and rocked our don't
forget about Rock tard
what are you doing huh you having a good
day
you hanging out your cousin's I love you
we should go see hey I love you don't
pick my boogers what you guys doing you
watching cartoons
huh all right here's one two three four
five six seven dem Mormons they have
lots of babies dem hormons
let's go see the man of the hour mr.
roat Arden hey take a guess how many
kids do you think are here too damn many
if you were to guess what would you
guess twenty-one uh 1925 8 for 22 snake
mom wins Judea MIDI let me apologize you
guys
we didn't count that one or the other
there's two babies and wounds huh good
one mom good one mom I found where's
that baby where's the matter they are
eating his hands is it how many kids
would you guess that are here right now
all four heavens to Murgatroid a lot 22
22 nobody likes you when you're 20 - oh
well I'm singing Taylor Swift you're
singing blink blink 182 how was your
blessing
she is just loving it's pretty
everyone's holding him and kissing you
what save you over here correcting you
how many things there's a tub Adams
doing my hair feathers 13 in the nurse
gauge and railing delivery there's three
national sixteen boom yay
not my gosh what's there for you mean no
I didn't know I mean that's four more
plus you count cooper i leathers 20
don't judge what about Jason they count
your own daughter
Jason 22 22 I was right say don't credit
second-guess my mathematicians Johanna
home to in the womb one in that womb do
you have it in your womb let me see in
your womb do you have any bait no better
not travel
no it is my room right here
hey JJ baby hmm hey don't learn from
your sister I know young man she
actually this was about the age when she
started sucking her thumb so we gotta
keep on him huh
didn't she catch him sucking this on the
other day and she told him not to
yeah it was quite the ironic moment
where baby tards teaching him not to
yeah don't do this
he's a thumb sucking fool um oh yeah
I've got lots of family here and just
spending time together that's what's
about it's worth old boat we're just
looking at the to the baby in you will I
do it's like hairy room with the two
babies in the womb there are 24 children
here 25 that was your guest so actually
you're probably closest sorry mom you've
got to count the one I'm heavy grandma
that's a food baby can you imagine if
you had another baby grandma oh boy I
would Joe do Joe we have some news for
you she's pregnant
oh that's been one of those Immaculate
Conception
grab by Joe's wearin an ed Bassmaster
hat
shoutout to ed Bassmaster bias meiosis
and how many dogs we have five mom watch
your language okay five dogs 24 kids
just quite to get together that's not
even counting all the people hey puppies
here's the puppies what 15 adults 24
kids and five dogs and one trampoline
get out Ezequiel british target I love
you I love you and you have emphysema
coffee to quit smoking weirdo
Bronx I think he swallowed a chicken
bone or something he's been like
hovering her lung for the last two days
one takes Sunday love you guys just
wanted to check in say hello it is a
very momentous day for us one because
it's bro tards blessing but it's always
good to get together with family and
that's what it's all about
family think about this there's a couple
interesting things I was thinking about
think about this no three no two if
there's like seven billion people on the
earth right now right if everybody
stopped having kids right now our
species would be completely extinct in a
hundred years and you're like 100 years
yeah that's a long time a hundred years
is not that long of it a time period but
think about that our entire species
could go extinct if everybody stopped
having kids not like that would happen
but that's interesting to think the
seven billion people that are on this
earth if everybody stopped having babies
the human species would cease to exist
in about a hundred years some might
might live longer and then then there
might be technology or you know we can
like build people that might be coming
right aren't they like printing off
livers and then second think about this
think of the people that worked and
sacrificed to get you here to where
you're at today I'm talking about your
parents your grandparents your
great-grandparents all the people
throughout the generations of time who
have fought and worked and strived to
survive to bring you into this world and
if it wasn't for them you would not be
here so think about that when you're
with your family that's interesting to
me to think about one other people like
I don't want to have kids it's like the
your forefathers there's Casey your
ancestors fought and struggled to get
you here and it's like people who are
like I don't want to have kids to me I'm
just like but you're stopping that line
of progression all the people who fought
and worked to bring on your family name
you're gonna stop it at you you're gonna
halt that progression that seems crazy
to me anyways I have five kids so I'm
going to talk right wrong how many kids
do you have
are you perpetuating your species what
about overpopulation I don't know my
belly's overpopulated i way too many oh
yeah
Casey what first guess how many kids are
here 17:24 whoa Casey Caylee was out of
birth control talk I just had one
everyone down and have a birth control
talk think about this there's 7 billion
people on the earth if everybody stopped
having babies right now our our species
would cease to exist in hunters they
said that that's true population is
going down and how many years 100 years
if everybody stopped having babies I
mean if you know you live to be 100
years old our entire species would be
gone in a hundred years
Kerry look crazy it's not scary
necessarily because I would never happen
but ok I love you
you don't want to cease to exist you
will you're just going to die one day
must be worm food that's a metaphor
continue to have children that was like
from your wombs you're like my wombs
will continue to produce not row I'm
talking about ruling sorry we can't talk
about those things that girl's case yeah
yeah very nice womb I love it alright
let's see you guys tomorrow
one take Sunday
see this is my darling child
