welcome to the live show hey guys
your Zeke yeah groaning over there hey
everybody uh hi we're live right now
live on youtube.com slash straight hards
but this is actually episode 172 Zeke
I'll kick you out of the studio move
when the kids own 170 to sleep something
about it I don't know anyways welcome
welcome one and all we have some stuff
to talk about
let's play our phones I don't think we
should check the tweets should show
cleats I have their name cow I have
actually I do yes do I have screen
capped a bunch of comments okay I have
been very touched impressed by some of
the things that you guys have said Jenna
cook look at that you guys some of you
guys have wrote in chapters long wordy
you guys are using adjectives and verbs
and pronouns
there's kanji there's you guys are
putting some words down on the internet
reaching out to us in a lot of different
ways and it's been overwhelming what are
you talking about Shea that was a weird
way to start the episode 172 of the
podcast yeah welcome to when oh talking
about is if you didn't watch the
Shaytards video that we posted late last
night late last night was that a weird
thing to wake up and be like did we
really put that out did you really make
that announcement ah but don't did you
have a moment though this morning where
you're like ah I've had a few but mostly
they've all been exciting like I I got
we both got very little sleep last night
but I still feel like we're both in good
spirits and have energy because I feel
like we're excited about it yeah I feel
like almost like it's weird because I
feel like there's like a weight has kind
of put on but then a weight has been
lifted mm-hmm like it really has been
lifted even though I so I'm I'm a person
that I like I thrive on certainty like I
like to know what the plan is the master
plan of everything and I have the
schedule and I'm do
and everything by the book and it's
almost so like according to my
personality in the way that I usually
perceive things this is very scary and
normally this would have terrified me
but I feel like with with the way that
my mind has been in the past year and
the things that I've learned like I'm
seeing the world a little bit
differently yeah and I feel like when
you first approached me I did have the
initial fear and then I started thinking
about it and this weight started to lift
when I thought about taking a risk and
taking the Shaytards channel like
finishing with a big bang you know like
doing our best and giving it our all our
wholeheartedness and then going on to
the next adventure seeing what's next
well if you haven't heard just so let's
reenact it because it's just a fresh
announcement we're not twelve hours into
this crazy new life decision um coming
up this Sunday what's today what is the
date ladies and gentleman is Thursday
September 29th live right now hi welcome
to September 29th according to the
Shaytards calendar there's two of them I
know it makes thanks for supporting us I
probably should have seen that because I
was checking like all the birthdays
yeah we must not miss that thank you
though anyways last night we made a
video announcing that after almost a
decade on YouTube if we went until
August of 2017 that would be officially
ten years but we are gonna make five
months of daily vlogs and then we are
going to take a year off the Shaytards
channel the channel that you're on right
now that's we're live on is going to be
I think shut down completely for one
year and there may be there may be a
surprise Shaytards Christmas special
maybe we're not making any commitments
but I will I'm gonna I'm gonna make a
personal self sacrifice or a goal to not
post anything to the internet for a year
and I think that's where I want really
to draw the line as I feel like I've
said a lot and we've posted a lot and
I've screamed and
just there's a lot of us and I set out
in the vlog last night but I want to
kind of internalize and recalibrate and
just process this crazy journey that all
of this YouTube adventure has been for
us it has been an incredible crazy
life-changing amazing family tree
changing adventure our kids kids kids
kids lives are different because of this
little YouTube machine that we found yep
amen um and so it's like I don't know
what that all means and I want us just
be for a while because there's a lot of
anxiousness built up in trying to keep
this progressing and trying to keep up
and and and I'm not saying like you know
I'm I'm quitting cuz it's too hard but I
think it's okay to say and I know that
my youtube friends are like dude his
channel is dying shake Carl's out of
here I'm moving one more notch up the
Vista oh yeah I'm gonna upload and I
know there's a lot of youtubers who are
jealous who are like I feel that
anxiousness I feel that like why do I
have to like that hassle well it it's
the point where the the dream thing all
of a sudden you're like this is a dream
this is a dream this is dream all said
you look back it's like wow this is a
giant weight around my ankles sometimes
and and I don't want to sound like I'm
ungrateful because I know that like week
one it's gonna be hard because I'm gonna
miss it but I need it I need to like I
said I need to know who you are without
it again exactly because then you
sometimes think and I'm speak thank you
for those things are a-changin to he's a
big old great name I agree because not I
love our kids but I hate that I feel
like they see me at my best when the
cameras on and it's not like I'm not fun
with them and I
so with them and you're like should I
vlog this I'm like no this is like our
moment but I you know I want to just not
have that because that's a daunting
thing and they know they know that you
guys are watching they have been to
six-hour meet-and-greets they've seen
the faces behind the lens and they have
kids at school I don't want my kids to
live in a world where they have had kids
at their school say to them oh you've
got a lot of subscribers I want to be
your friend point bleh hey man kids say
the darndest things like and our kids
come home and tell I'm like they said
that yeah I hate how it feels having
family members who have never had any
interest in me before all of a sudden
reach out yeah the the the clich√©s are
true it happens where it's like hey hey
we share this video I'm like did you
never wanted to be a part of my life
ever before and now you want me to share
your video your hit me up all the time
and giving me a guilt trip for not
texting you back it's like I don't want
that I want to I want to be a normal guy
who doesn't have you know a giant Great
Dane of this food all the time
zekiel come here come here is so funny
we have a lot of people live I don't
want to like I say this can I be super
raw for a second you can I told Colet
sometimes to me going out in public is
like I don't call it going out in public
like going to church going to baseball
games or soccer games
I call it Shark Tank because everybody I
meet is like I met a guy the other day
who said hey I heard you're gonna help
my buddy start his new his invention I'm
like what what invention he's like it's
this thing that does this you're not
going to help them start hired you or
I'm like I don't even know what you're
talking about man so everybody I want to
help as many people and you guys have
seen me like try to help other people do
this but it sucks to feel like every
time somebody sees me in town they want
me to sponsor their baseball team they
want me to promote their new idea and
help them you know be an angel investor
and their new startup idea
and it's these are what you know like
it's I'm not complaining but I just want
to not have to deal with that for a year
bail me out here a little bit well I
understand where you're coming from I
think you know it can be perceived as
like oh you don't want to help anybody
which like we do you know we want to
help people but it's it does become this
fear where you feel like who do I have
to turn to when I need help here's the
other thing somebody comes and says hey
will you help promote my business I'm
like I would love to but I also had
three people this morning asked if I
could help promote their kids GoFundMe
because they have cancer it's like
there's so much like it's almost like it
kind of pulls your soul apart because
you want to help everyone like we
honestly I want to help everyone that
asked me because I know what it's like
to want to like reach your dreams or
want to see something succeed it's like
we can't it's like how do you it's
crushing to us we feel the expect I mean
you know hopefully you know who we are
and you know that we honestly want to
try to help as many people as possible
but that expectation of the world on our
shoulders where everybody wants us to
help them with their idea or their
business or their thing it's like we
feel like we're failing everybody well
yeah they can't have that feeling it's
like there's like a whole hearted place
to it though where you have to realize
like you know when you're it's the ones
that say oh you won't help you as well
you know why wouldn't you want to help
like the people that feel like we owe it
to them that it starts to feel more
daunting but like I understand I don't
know where we why we got on that little
tangent matter this this is this is part
of and what I said in the vlog last
night where we announced this is we want
to get more transparent about what our
fears are this is why it's hard for us
to vlog there's times really hard you
know if you're like men it seems like
you guys are different you know like I
feel like the vlogs are not a true
interpretation of what's going on in our
lives the vlogs are just like these
moments when we're being crazy with the
kids at dinnertime and you know it's
like what you learn at school I
like they're fairly surface-level to
what we're Altima dealing with you know
which is a network of a ton of people
you know and we don't want to disappoint
anybody
we don't want my email inbox like I
guarantee you there's at least a hundred
professional people in our industry that
just hate me because they've sent me
multiple emails and I haven't you don't
email them back like people that I know
and love and want to work with but I'm
just so overwhelmed with you know I
think people are like oh you got five
kids that's so cute I think people
realize how much work goes into having
five kids and honestly how much of it
you do and I think actually people know
that pretty well but it's hard on our
relationship and we've said this in a
podcast recently this last year has been
the hardest on our marriage in the 14
almost 14 years we've been married
coming up in January it's been the
hardest year on our marriage and it's
it's been really tough and it's because
of you know I guess my need to feel
valued by growing more businesses I once
we sold maker felt like everybody was
mad at me because it's like oh you got
all this money lucky you so I'm like
well let me start a business and give
everybody equity so that I can give all
of them that opportunity so that they
you know so I can feel like they I'm
just one of them again you know this is
what are we doing are we live yet so
then I just I just said let's start all
these businesses and keep going and it's
right bring it down bring it down
um and that's what we want to be able to
talk about but we like we can't talk
about that but we just did and I like
being live because it's like yeah we
can't take it out cuz I would not put
that up
I would edit that out I would have
added that out too I'm saying whoo take
a breather okay I go into your question
so hey did you see Tim Tebow first up at
bat he hits a home run good for him
that guy is an athlete I see what Jesus
had in mind he doesn't need Tim to be a
football player he needs Timmy to be a
baseball player I stand corrected right
dude nothing out of the park
I gave me a heart like a warm feeling in
my heart when Tim Tebow hit a home run
for some bat see you guys Jesus good I
am hell yeah
stop he's wearing he did what people
thought he couldn't do okay um so having
said that what did we say we have some
of your water oh okay we're very excited
about this next five months and about um
seen what happens in the next five
months and then saying we're gonna take
a year off yeah yeah I mean we love you
guys I hope you know that you know we
have we have been in this this place
where like we can feel that there needs
to be a transition there needs to be
something that happens because we need
to like recalibrate and reconnect
because here's the other thing it's like
so we have all this you know these
channels and all this content we're
trying to make the moms view we're
trying to make eight youtube channels
work and a clothing business and some
other investments and then also try to
keep the house clean you guys know that
like you've watched the vol their house
is dirty how well that's going and they
have piles of laundry we have one girl
that comes and helps us like twice a
week yeah and I often I could help out
more and then it's like you know then we
don't get our time as you know man and
wife and we've always said that we need
to fight to protect that relationship
first that's the beginning of the family
if families are important if they are
the basis of society it begins
they are with the man and the wife you
know and that's what you got to protect
so you're gonna be getting a lot of love
letters in that year I wanna I wanna get
a lot of mole skins
you know those leather-bound books with
things I'm just gonna get so many
moleskin to just pins I'm gonna be like
long beard I'll be up in the field just
writing the garden I'm gonna make a
garden you're all gonna
blame me for you taking off I'm gonna go
write love letters for your advice
taking a year off so you can write
Cologne I'm gonna learn jujitsu I'm
gonna train you to dude dude dude dude
dude dude dude it's ooh I'm an idiot I'm
gonna get my butt kicked or just for
saying that oh it's fine
anyways um what else there was some
comments I was gonna I was going to read
some of these comments some of them were
kind of personal like it it's really
eye-opening to see the journey that you
guys have had as you've kind of followed
along on this journey that we've had and
going back I wanted to say something
that you said about certainty we have
been for all intents and purposes kind
of this certainty for a lot of people
who didn't have a family I've seen it
over and over and over again for the
last eight years in the comments is I
kind of count on you guys as my family
you know when everything goes to heck
and I've had a bad day I got fired the
day my mom died my grandma died at least
I could watch a Shaytards vlog at least
you know you guys were there and you
were happy and you're promoting
positivity and it's hard not to cry yes
I know and so that's scary because
you're like what am I going to do my
life is going to fall apart and listen
if there are people who are being
hysterical about this and crying and
getting mad you need to know that's
unhealthy okay we need to have a healthy
relationship just as me and my wife are
trying to have a healthy relationship we
need to talk about and realize what a
healthy relationship is with viewer you
know online you know influencers you
know relationships you guys need to see
us is I think a healthy way to see us is
almost like characters in a sitcom
you know we're real we're really a man
and a wife but you cannot connect your
lives to ours and you need to live your
own life you need to ask yourself some
hard questions do i watch too many
Shaytards maybe you do maybe you are too
connected with our journey and you need
to have a little separation so that you
can and
sounds such so like pompous I'm speaking
to a very small group of people and even
watching that video last night I'm like
oh like who are these people that are
sitting in this car just talking about
their life like oh you're gonna be so
scared and sad that we're leaving I'm
like it's just like if I was an outsider
coming in for the first time it'd be
like screw you guys nobody cares about
your stupid life so we're just you
wouldn't it some people are some people
like man why do you guys just like
that's all they do
what are these people yeah they just
talk about their lives and people care I
don't get it people that haven't been
there for the whole eight years we've
been doing this why are they crying I
don't get it
I don't got it um I want to have these
conversations I wanna I want to I don't
know say a lot of words and then take a
year off and build a garden we're gonna
talk more about it I know this is kind
of convoluted but I tweeted I have 72
hours to decide what I want to
accomplish in the next five months I
have some big ideas I got some big plans
and we're gonna talk more about it yeah
but um I think this was a good
conversation what do we at now without
good 20 minutes um okay so let let us
really take because we did tweet that
we're going live so we are really going
to take a few of your questions and
we're going to go one other thing in
popular culture that I wanted to talk
about you guys know that I am a huge
huge huge Elon Musk fan if you did not
go see his space X keynote address oh
that's what you're doing you're point
out what camera I get it now sorry hey
guys we're on this one we're gonna get
likes and Danny keeps point and I'm just
like ignoring him I'm just like I
thought he was doing the hokey-pokey I
thought I saw him turn himself around
over dancing over there um Elon Musk
looking into this camera we're gonna get
light uh wait which camera he's
colonizing Mars and he has an idea how
to do it he has a scalable thank you for
me I was doing his idea is to take Ally
a ticket to Mars down to the price of
$200,000 thank goodness it would it's
like a three-month journey but let's
like you could save
and fly to Mars and he he says we need
to heat up Mars he's like but we can do
that like with a wink like he knows how
that we can warm Mars up the dudes gonna
have air BMPs on Mars oh my goodness and
you're gonna be like easy and you know
what people like me in the future be
like I'm gonna tickle you're off the
internet and I'm just gonna go to Mars
I'm just gonna think about my life I'm
just gonna try to refocus and see what
you galaxy I want to be in you know I
just don't know maybe I'm not a milky
way kind of guy anymore
maybe I want to go to Orion's belt I
don't know is that in the Milky Way see
I don't even know what a milky way I
have a candy bar all right we're going
to the questions we're live are we live
are you guys tweeting us we're still
lying heavens to Murgatroid okay giorgia
says I don't care what you do the only
thing I care about as you do what makes
you happy thank you
that's ultimately what we all have to do
and this is scary for us but this is
what I want to do and I know that it's
going to get some negative reaction but
I hope in doing this it gives you
courage to then therefore go out and say
you know what this is what I want to do
with my life and why am i letting my mom
and my dad are these expectations of a
society or of a culture that I'm from
dictate let me do this thing I think
that I want to do and it doesn't make
any sense why I want to do it and I
can't explain to you mom why I want to
do this thing but I just feel like I
want to do it and you do it and you try
it and maybe you fail but guess what
that is the key to success you should
think in your mind I want to mess up as
many times as possible I want to just
try stuff you want to make some stuff
work right it's like yeah you want to
make some stuff work but but you have to
jump into those rigs yeah you have to
have to in order to to learn who you are
otherwise we'll just stay who you it's
always been so wise Randy Anderson says
can you really stay off YouTube for a
year though do you think you'll still
put up other content besides daily vlog
I think that the Shaytards channel is
definitely going to be
off I'm not going to ever hit the upload
button for a year you might see me in
the background of some of my family's
videos I'm sure I'm gonna be doing mom's
view stuff and I'd like to do stuff on
my channel it kind of made me excited to
think like oh maybe I'll have time to do
like a couple music things or something
out I might be just directing Katie Lapp
music videos for the next year well no
well and then I thought honestly okay
here's another should we talk about this
one hmm I've honestly been a little
scared cuz I'm like I do maybe want to
have another baby and I've kind of
thought I want to vlog that baby like I
want to have to do it yourself
I want to vlog the journey of at least
you know having the baby and all that
stuff um no I don't know it might be on
Collette's channel and maybe I won't
have another baby
I don't know yeah but it's like I've had
a lot of thoughts like huh what about
this and it attire you know right what
it does is it makes me realize how a
little bit dependent I have been on the
walks like Who am I without blocks right
you know like I've been afraid of like
not being the perfect mommy tard for so
long that I'm like I'm starting to
realize I'm not really mommy turnin me
I'm Colette hmm I always have thought
like our kids are gonna like write this
scathing tell-all book later on called I
didn't want to be baby talk or something
like that
Gavin that's why it's like you know I
need to like take a year off this
internet so the mic you know even like
think about that like the kids at some
point have to have this feeling of does
dad love me just because I'm cute on
camera because it's such a part of our
lives huge part of our life
and not all like I don't I feel
confident in the fact that my kids know
I love them and I've spent plenty of
time like I said I've said this many
panels for the last eight years we never
have more than 30 to 45 minutes of
footage a day so in all of this eight
years it is the only time we ever have
more than an hour of footage is on the
Christmas specials yeah and I you know
the interesting thing that was I think
they
like there they do not want what I mean
by that is a lot in a 24-hour period
the camera is only out for like 45
minutes max right you know so it's not
like it's like so much in their faces
but they watch the vlogs I wake up to
the kids watching Shaytards vlogs mm-hmm
and they love the Christmas specials
they love rewind and Roman Atwood vlogs
yet they do and Studio C and retinol
inks ear biscuits serves nut ear baskets
the good mythical morning anyways
they're youtubers they they know you
guys they're fans of youtubers yeah yeah
and I think I think I want kind of do
this for them to help them realize what
do I really want you know cuz they're
gonna have to decide without being right
I do I don't want them to you know to
feel like I think it's like India I
don't think it's um puts them on fair
footing to ask them you want to be a
youtuber when that's just all they see
us do all the time and I think they
really look up to us and I think you
know you see them want phones like us
you know Gavin wants the shoes that I
have if he wants the pants that you have
like they want to be like us and if they
see us you know doing these meet and
greets and I mean it's exciting how
could they not help but but when they
see us stressing out about it too it's
like you know it I use them to know
exactly what I also think thinking that
they might subconsciously think that we
want them to be youtubers right that
that when we're liking every child does
that don't they maybe like when when
your mom or dad's like you want to be a
professional baseball player right and
you're like yes dad you're like no I
don't I don't like baseball right so I'm
wondering sometimes like when I'm like
hey kids do want your own channels
they're like yeah maybe they are only
saying that because they think that
that's what I want them to do so I want
to show them how great life could be
without YouTube I want to take them
camping and build a garden and do these
things I want to do I want to you know
me I overdo everything I'm just like I'm
gonna do what I'm gonna do it I want to
be stereotypical dad for a year I mean
we'll be like what are you gonna do for
you how are you gonna stay off the
internet I will pour all of myself into
the kids I don't think you'll ever be a
stereotypical dad well no but it's like
here if it's like what do you do you
teach your kids to tie knots I'm gonna
do that you teach them to tie a fire hey
right that's how good of a dad I am I'm
a dang good dad you gotta whip up fire
tighter tighter lasso around Oh
buckle bill Brussels bill bring his big
ugly Rock City chop tree - I don't know
anything about CIO work on being a dad I
don't know all the stories and stuff I
got to get them all lined out I love you
um and you know I'd do a lot more of the
nudies answered Brad dude a little bit
Julie you do I'm gonna do that heck of a
lot of skiing that's for sure yes okay
let's go do we read any questions from
China no I definitely saw some okay one
question I did see um that I I'm sorry I
don't know who asked it I can't pull it
up on the screen right now but they
asked does that mean we're not going to
play this live or VidCon not necessarily
but we're not saying that we will be
there either I don't know but not make
it we can't make any coming don't be
surprised if you saw me at for instance
CVX live in Salt Lake City coming in
August 2017 yeah well we'll probably be
around but I'm not gonna hit like I'm
not gonna hit the upload button and I'm
I'm going to move I'm gonna have the
rules I like I said in that tweet I have
72 hours I already have a few pages of
things I've just been writing down like
like just some like success right yeah
like structure to it almost like here's
some ground rules for how I want it to
be because if I say what if you could
just did one video a week yeah then you
start you know you're way back I will
it's like drug abuse alcohol is like
would you just have one like no I have I
want to go that's the point that's why I
started this whole thing
what if I could make a video every day
for a year now I'm going to say what if
I could holy crap imagine this guys this
is a
idea Wow what if I went a whole year
without making any videos
oh oh that's blow away that's what I
want to do that like that's what I want
to do and I'm excited about that
Zeke's freaking out he's like why so
nervous he is a nervous you can tell any
stinks he's a skunk he's gonna chase her
okay I think we're done yes go to this
camera Blake so we got our crew Blake
Danny and seek Skype man all right
everybody thanks for joining us thank
you hey we appreciate your everything
you do for us and you might be mad at us
know you might be watching this right
now
and have already left some mean comments
and we forgive you we get it it's a
scary thing you might lash out a little
bit that's cool we got five months to be
together to talk about this and talk
about growth yeah that is the goal is to
be transparent in living out loud on
purpose and trying to help you guys do
that as well too
we're not trying to say like look at us
we got it all figured out our life is
awesome where here's us standing before
you honestly saying we don't have
anything figured out but we're in this
together
yeah and we think you can be optimistic
about the future of your life if you
adopt some of these mentalities of like
I'm gonna do that thing that I love that
I think I'm good at or whatever it is
that you nobody thinks I should or can
do it's scary and you will fail and you
might make people mad because they will
feel that uncertainty but you will feel
the thrill of trying something new dream
of and it's there's maybe no better
feeling it's a feeling of hope of good
things to come okay love you guys this
has been episode 172 of when the kids go
to sleep we did definitely click bait
you into watching this because we only
have 5 months on the internet we have to
try to make much money as possible so
this will be a live show the Shaytards
for about 24
hours and then we're going to upload it
on the podcast channel so come over
there and watch it again and thumbs it
up we appreciate it real transparent
let's get real transparent we need your
money
no we don't all right we're out of here
thank you guys bye
