hi login here have fun
happy birthday to my mommy it's like
it's my first thing I get a summer
birthday cuz I'm super lucky happy
birthday mommy thank you she do your
hair definitely I just pulled it up I
didn't go shaded his hair for you today
I wish I would have combed my hair
happy birthday we're getting our toasted
I think it was supposed to be a surprise
but I almost felt the veins this morning
Laura came over and like I don't know
what this place is and show what are we
doing I'm like mochi don't mind me I did
she didn't tell us but well look you
guys I got a Goldie I've never done that
before were you do one nail different
but I got shellac I love a diorama it's
golden sparkle okay next I'm gonna do my
toast and I picked this color let's go
see how the other ladies are doing how
are we doing are you having you don't
have color yet getting them in around me
before that's the best damn that's
alright that's great
Oh little girl and we had shall we yeah
I'm here he's gonna get out I know I'm
just making sure everybody's doing okay
here okay good okay because I'd ever see
my toes are the nasty singing oh look at
your toes so I do come look at that I'm
like the Grim everyone is out there what
is this a manicure pedicure you'll get a
petty my role what is installed a set of
oil highlight tell easily to baby down
to is you have to go shoot guns to
decrease his estrogen levels and stuff
semantics Casey like take me with you
that's why he's wearing a tiger your I
think he looks like in me oh I can't say
that you can say that it's okay right
it's like a baby yeah hey baby
drag kings island come on pal would you
get your going diving my toes that's
pretty cool read a classic read from
this Missy I guess Christmas is over but
for Steve way to have my nails done you
do a battement up it nice Steve nice
Steve oh my god everybody I get it but
I'm doing this mother because I'm gonna
hop into spring hello yes bro I'm right
love it that's what I tried to do him
and now I'm like we love that Bulls on I
kind of want him on all my fingers now
go it's Michaels oh we got Carly's in
charcoal is there any way mom them I'm
hoping that this will bring on spring a
little spring like a coral color I guess
so
it is a corn I've been wearing hot pink
I think for like a year and a half so I
figured it was time to change it up yeah
I did read for Christmas but before that
it was like hopping every time I hear
there's a difference
are you just fighting you let me hide my
being Rick he feels bad he's gained
weight nice
tell Steve guess what I'm leaving wait
don't give me that look furious F Happy
Feet we do thank you and I think it is
sighs it is educating it is I mean are
you call the same face you wear one
we're so level one I'm sorry okay so the
kids while we were gone now now see the
girls excuse me they did something very
special for Grandma for her birthday
check it out ah as the cutest birthday
cake ever right here and then
marshmallows around it you guys are so
cute and that's peanut butter and jelly
birthday cake yes I wanted I want to
have it check out cases a little your
see the video we need oh there you go
they made a video of making the cake on
Casey's levears channel and you had a
baby is that we're gonna get grandma for
her birthday nothing some of the games
the tail cream made a dance for Grandma
oh you did Tim sweet dancers will do you
love your birthday cake I love my per
ticket wait I release it up later
technically thank you fat I'm gonna
change the front house with me will I
curl my hair gonna get something right
happy Anniversary how are you guys are
you having a good anniversary because
drinking this way drinking party not the
kind of drinking party we're thinking
about
Oh take you wasted to grow it comes out
of the think hair my hair having a party
I love your hair right now look at it
yes a little crazy for your anniversary
tell them what we've been doing all day
oh this along with this little patience
evening I'm excited to get back to
California to start the diet bed sir me
too
holidays are awesome cloth bro awesome
and delicious
I don't find often young and light and
fit and healthy like a long diet man
we'll start a new diet but you can join
right now people who already begun to
join diet betta starts January 13th it's
gonna be the mommy loss diet bet hello
what has 15 pounds to lose she says so
if you want to join us Sivir say she
says everybody be like what you need to
lose anywhere from 12 I said I want to
lose 15 months cuz that will put me back
at what I was before I had the baby no
way all anymore
oh sure like fat chicks don't try to act
up shake come on you love me no matter
what's true and I was real so why would
you be with me cuz your hair is awesome
dude give yourself some credit
how much like to peel points no seven
points they can't really face woman no
no excuse me how are you doing today sir
shake my hand it's nice to meet you it
is very very nice hey honey can you do
me a favor can you tickle that armpit
thank you thank you just tickle that
tickle that armpit real quick for me
just take a little get in there and
tickle it till he screams oh mercy
you're not a very good tickler he's be
screaming louder than that ok here we
are at the grocery store
tickler the best tickler in the world I
eat my cactus another kid oh look who it
is
it's baby tard its princes face that's
black eye tart what happened why do your
parents beat you hey Bailey seriously
come here listen listen if your parents
beat you you can tell us we thought we
are a safe place okay you can tell us
what happened your mom keep it she
kicked me right in the face
likes roundhouse kicked you to the face
didn't she yeah you got that feeling
we're safe and tell us it's actually
your son what what did you do okay what
did you do
I don't care ask your mother what
happened here jumping on the trampoline
I mean all at the same time we jumped in
our backs and and I went up in the over
my face hit her your face hit her yeah
but these so you landed with your foot
on her face what she was on that seems
like that would leave him work oh yeah
dude those look like size six little boy
shoes on your face did you cry did you
freak out like what like that okay
are we letting them get this cool on
this colored popcorn whoa
going on chasing kids seemed uh dad I
don't kissing I'm really you're a really
good kisser but hey
Fonzie look at me how come you're so
handsome why don't you cover up my lens
nobody covers up my lens do you
understand me see I can pick you up by
your coat huh reading from all the dogs
okay ready 1 2 jump-starting my son step
on your daughter's face oh sure you can
do this really okay
Wow can I train you did I'm tired must
have been born from the strong arms
strong beefy man your eye oh yeah my son
step on it just beat you because eh if
she can do it let's see if I can you can
give me a piggyback
I don't give me your head watch out baby
tires pounds you're not on during 40
pounds your leg ready
knees are gonna explode ready let's go
your shame
who's heavier ah you remember I buy you
first here's the bird you give me a
piggyback ride though
- that's pretty good
okay run all the way down there ready
here we go okay set go go go
maybe if you jump higher up under a
mango oh right I'm trying to hey what
are you laughing at me Oh Oh usually get
some pizzas
oh yeah what some pizzas oh look it's
one of our daughters on his shell
in there
what's a lotus all right let's see the
children as they pick out the cereal
that they want that we're gonna have to
tell them no they can't get hit little
Gager I know what you want to get yeah
but pull your pants up butt crack tard
Oh children
sit once the kiss it's just one kiss yet
don't be shy just kissing one time
stares
look at him trying to hug his wins just
love always wins love always wins love
is all you need sit there was a
there was a boy singer the soul sisters
are we bill editions now that we're done
yeah hey I lowered the dishwasher last
night I did that look see those bowls I
love it those bowls thanks for no simple
loner a bowl loader that's a lot of bull
load and honky white help us do the
dishes you want to help us do the dishes
yes all right all right here we go
that clean the kitchen that's the dog's
water I don't
it was thirsty I don't think your mom
would like these in that pan I mean that
we have to edit that part out don't
watch this part mom sorry sorry mom
what's my favorite labor come on
everybody on the council one two three
child labor che that is right we're
putting these kids to work they're a
team a trash team gage is the holder
baby towards the poor I want every
bathroom in this house empty you got it
your little snotty noses your little
wrapper candy wrappers all the crap now
you guys are you guys need some help
don't pour it on the ground or you have
to pick it up and I've hopped a lot of
loogies into that trash can is that
funny or loogies funny gage who just
pooped in here it stinks Sikhi oh you
guys deke has a sore we think Molly bit
him has a soreness back we have already
have a netipot party yeah what the daddy
pop party don't stop who are we rooting
for case Ohio stayed up by one game for
Clemson what about our old buddy who's
the coach of Ohio snare old buddy used
to coach for Utah I think coach for a
state that we should live in doesn't
okay hey you need to get torque to where
do you work in US are you gonna grow up
and be a garbage man what are you gonna
grow up to be you'll be a singer one day
you all started here at the garbage you
got to start somewhere
Gabe routine roughen B yeah or what a
cop okay hey maybe you could run
security detail for baby tarts concert
you clean him what are you gonna grow up
and be what are you gonna be when you
grow up
you're gonna make a mess when you grow
up well good you're already practicing
now you're pretty good at it you vacuum
the floor bro it looks good you make
mess the toilet
yes what's a toilet weirdo you guys who
knows how long Donny the dart has been
up there
it's been years hasn't it if you weren't
around the Shaytards vlogs when Donny
the dart became a thing
we're having a nerf gun battle and I was
shooting it son tard missed him it hit
this window up there and then we named
it because the dart hung up there for so
long and to this day 2014 the dark lives
on how long it's probably been a solid
two and a half three years that's been
up there you know how one might go about
finding out that information about Donny
of the dart the answer is found in the
one two three four to the new year if
you guys start clicking on the one two
and three for every single day you can
watch every Shaytards video in existence
there's only 1800 of them I figure you
guys could all watch every single video
and like you know two weeks if you
really put your time and dedication and
determination to it yeah it's a great
idea that's what Donny the dart would
want you to do he would also watch kick
on yesterday's walk if you're lucky
buddy what do you boys got it watch what
will I see tomorrow
