there you see Wow warden in the blue
lagoon whoa boy you better do it soon no
time will be better
Wow Wow and don't take ooh I were in the
showers we are in the shark and has a
steam gonna be in the scene room hello
what's going on just hanging out with
those guys in the shower
what do you watch now just smarty The
Rocketeer Rocket Man when I was younger
I'm not old I'm not old you know woman
well me and an old woman made out last
night on this bed here only once weird
we're showing the room from our
anniversary hey who remembers here we
were in this exact same room 365 days
ago is that lame of us to do the same
thing have a baby with us we did not
have a baby with us we have a little
baby with us on this honey no I think
it's fun to do the exact if we had a
good time Marge we'll have a good time
again oh dude we're supposed to check
out is past check out there trying to
get in were squatters yeah the honeymoon
wasn't that romantic like these guys are
enjoyed right now because we had a baby
in a maybe that's the whole time uh did
he get to take a nice bubble bath check
out those baths it's huge gigantic and
then the showers in there so uh yeah we
basically did the exact same thing this
year for anniversary same restaurant the
same restaurant what store Fred Meyer do
we do that last year looking creepy
no I think you're right I think we did
we went to the same restaurant the same
store to buy treats and then we came to
this exact same room which was actually
kind of interesting because I was
sitting in the sauna last night after
you went to bed and I was just laying
sitting there in the sauna thinking
exactly 365 days ago I was sitting in
this exact same seat naked because it's
the shower it's really sweet you close
it and it seals all off we turn on the
wet it's like a song wet sauna I know I
love the song so I was just sitting
there thinking what have we done over
the last 365 days well we had a baby we
had to have a baby and a new dog did a
lot of crazy stuff over the last year
we're in the enchantment under the sea
dance Marty McFly has to convince his
parents to fall in love or else he'll
disappear from the picture
if he doesn't get Doc Brown to connect
the cord when the lightning bolt strikes
the clock tower at exactly 9:25 he won't
get the 1.21 jigowatts that he needs to
go into the flux capacitor so that he
can get back to 1985 that's why we're
here you guys that is why we're here in
the chat my under the sea dannis mr.
octopus mm-hmm so we are celebrating 11
years of holy matrimony
look you guys we're under the water
that's somebody up on the surface
swimming one underneath I am I'm sure my
hoppy thought mermaids are hanging out
the limit yeah there's two in here we're
scuttles we've got the clownfish there's
Nemo all kinds of stuff check out these
guys just shown in their environment the
cool there's there's four fish tanks
they're sharks it's scary you don't to
be in the toilet you know one alone is
there some vicious predators in here and
they're biting leave it on the door let
me shut the door you're sitting there
doing your business there's a gyro
swimming around but it does it really
actually makes you feel like you're
underwater like even look up here
there's like surface that's the surface
Little Mermaid when Eric statue sinks
into the ocean statue this statue right
next to the mirror right there look oh
right yeah is that Poseidon what daddy I
love you Ariel you must not love the
humans
he's been chained up yeah that looks
like a pretty strong guy that ball
should be a lot bigger because that's
not a very big ball to hold him under
the ocean I'm saying anyways we had a
lot of fun
we watched True Grit which is a very
romantic movie okay all right let's just
try it
we had our leftovers from our dinner
baked potato halibut and we took a bath
sparkling cider that's some sparkling
cider Rock which is named bro tard cried
basically until midnight he usually does
he has a schedule it's like from 9:00 to
midnight he's kind about her what we
learned over 11 years of marriage
darling learned that we love each other
more than anything what's the secret to
this way patience love happiness
laughter it's a secret to a long-lasting
relationship all those things you just
said love selfless it's about it's about
deciding that you sound silly and this
sounds like maybe too easy and maybe
like a cop-out but you have to just
decide that you love that person and
that when you get in fights you show
them love is a verb it's an action you
have to work at it every single day you
have to do things for the other person
you guys have heard me go on this rant
before but it is it's all about deciding
that you don't want to fight sometimes
it's just about making a decision that
you don't want to fight because fights
will happen you get in disagreements and
things will pop up where it's like when
you do that or say that it makes me
angry but then you have to just kind of
pause and say I love this person I don't
want to be in a fight with this person
so I just better decide to forgive them
and to overcome it right now because if
you sit there in your mind
they said this oh I'm gonna make them
pay for that cuz I'm gonna give them the
silent treatment or I'm gonna you know
whatever you know fight turns into I'll
see like less and less the longer we've
been married yeah I think everybody goes
for that because marriage is a verb we
have to you have to do I love you more
and more every day I really do because I
feel like we've grown together and we've
learned more about how to get along and
about how to be a relationship yeah and
I think we've kind of like conceded a
few things in the sense where it's like
you know I'm a certain way and I know
you're certainly and it's like you just
love that person because they're that
way I've noticed one thing about shade
that I think is really nice is that you
are really good at saying sorry and
sometimes you say sorry even when it's
not your fault and I notice that and I
appreciate that a lot
oh let's show me acoustics on the bed oh
yeah there's acoustics
see if you guys can hear this really
hello this is Darth Vader I am here to
show you your anniversary suite if you
look over here you will find some fine
chocolates ah there's naked angels are
on the top of the roof tub naked angels
I am Darth Vader I got new pants yes I
am sexy Darth Vader with Jordans I can
dumb from the free-throw line
mwah ha ha join the dark side ha that's
what he says
there's my turn laughter that's right
that's what it's all about
laughter and then let me show you the
balcony last night after I got out of
sauna this may be a little TMI after got
out of the sauna I was so hot I lay down
to go to sleep I was like freaking dying
I could not go to sleep so hot I came
out here on the balcony just hung out
here outside like that there's our band
hi ban anyways so we're doing a one-take
er today just because we're gonna spend
the day together and we're just going to
talk about our love some more
we love our love and I'm not going to
spend all day on a computer like I
usually do look maybe I got you the
anniversary these are bold these are
from Poseidon's layer babe you want it
to be a mermaid if I wear them and took
my heels three times what Senate want
hmm huh your watch watch you want to see
a sexy dance and I'm rethinking out sexy
time all right so don't break anything
Shay oh gosh um I think it's time to
check out looks cool that was cooler
than that last night bye see you guys
tomorrow I am turning into a mermaid yay
