hi I'm logging here it's the last day of
the year all the pigs must duck dad are
you here your Broncos poncho KZ go turn
around why have my phone calls poncho on
came a notice oh I do
Casey got dad a Bronco poncho in Mexico
we're having waffles now he's making me
wear it that time where mom takes the
kids to the dentist on their vacation
again how do you guys feel about that
I do thank you what you missed the
dentist
oh yes I did every time we drive to the
dentist I Drive past the road and I have
to go back and flip it I do it every
time I don't know why I'm crazy hey they
love it and see you get to watch movies
you get to get your teeth clean my pets
there's all sorts of fun stuff that
happens at the dinner
well this dance is fun because could
they have bought the fun snack huh
that's the key to a good dentist I
remember Dennis growing up it they had a
little area for kids too that was like
all the murals on the wall I loved it I
loved the dentist until you had to go
get your teeth cleaned but then
afterwards they give you a treat so I'm
not treat a prize cuz you know dentist
sugar teeth you know right so cool and
Robert says it's Captain America yeah
I'm just most of your child's we're good
yeah sure are and you're gonna have the
healthiest cheese on the block Captain
America okay oh yeah no right
like that go try to close your mouth
lips like a straw close your lips like
you're like a strong good job you bite
down and you bite it out yep
oh okay open up really big like an
alligator
okay now bite down bite down really hard
might a job good job stay like that good
you look so cool but you're saying guys
I let's see it the cheese cheese come on
you look cool dude be doing such a good
job dude you're gonna teeth that kids
are gonna be so clean we do
it's supposed to be loose can you feel
it okay that's not as permanent that's
all I need oh cool cool it's like over
blades
you're like a stylish little lady and
your feeds are gonna be so clean all
righty I'm just gonna give him a shower
now I love the way they decorated the
office - check this out yeah
and my favorites over here a gingerbread
house
I think that's the kids favorite part
about this officer it's just colored so
fun and there's just like things to look
at everywhere all right
you know I'm saying hey stop talking
eat skipping leg day Steve cook
he doesn't skip leg flex those quads for
me oh good wanna see the leg did he
come for the like show dude I'm dying
Steve's all jumping around like a leap
frog over here never halfway there
hopfully there tomorrow's gonna be a
pain - 2014 push-ups for the new year so
last year in the year 2013 on New Year's
Eve that night Steve did that day 2013
push-ups throughout the day so this year
being 2014 he's an up his game by one
pushup
which is why today's leg day you are not
international Chester it's the
International chess visually what's
today Monday Monday's international
Monday's usually isn't just chess Monday
brah I don't know that
but today we're supposed to got Lincoln
here late in your doing legs we've
already done like 4028 sets right about
right yeah how many cities blogging is
justified sucked up was like instead of
doing lunges I'm gonna go get my my job
private vlog today go to your squats or
something you jerk
my legs okay here we go we're doing
supersets doing leg extensions into like
jump squats
oh it's killin hey you what are you
doing you playing without singing and he
who she loves it we're definitely gonna
upset some rolls now so we're getting
ready for wienie roast right we're
making some baked beans everybody want
to have a
you roasted beasts in fur yes I'm
excited how are we going to get a fire
started oh we might have to buy some
wood yeah I go get some wood certifier
that was making her famous baked beans
yeah that grandpa and son tried have
been whining forever since Christmas so
she's finally making it for them
and we walked in and Rogers was you
making tacos I know he smelled the
hamburger and loves tacos a ground beef
we got vegetables because those are
always important for our diet and debris
flows with the best red stretching in
the world oh yeah this ranch is from a
little town in Utah and it is awesome
wish we could end yoga but you can have
it yes let's show it it out with ranch
it's so good I think you can only get it
in Utah go anyways so if you don't let
me try you get stuck sorry anyways we're
getting really excited because Casey and
Caylee are back from their cruise and
they're driving here as we speak so
hopefully I mean probably okay airtel
late but we're excited to see them and
hang out with them for New Year's yeah I
know that some of you have been wanting
to see the jib footage from Christmas
but we don't have any this year because
we're gonna do it on New Year's Eve it's
gonna be exciting
plus we're gonna go watch my dad play
music for that yeah it's gonna be cool
we're gonna do the Virginia reel and all
sorts of fun stuff a circle guy he's
awake now oh hi bubbles you guys have
bubbles bubbles that's your new name
bubbles tired
buh buh hard hi bubbles I love you too
hahahaha that's priceless you know what
else do tomorrow we're going to the
gymnastics gym oh geez for two hours I'm
gonna be pretty for behenna I want to
see at least ten backflips on tomorrow
do that's what I'm going to do I'm into
2014 backflip haha you sway really I'm
gonna do so many backflips tomorrow Oh
oh yeah do the handstand contest so like
I said we didn't go to the gym like we
usually do I think for the last three
years we went to the gymnastics gym on
Christmas Eve but because Casey and
Caylee and their family whereas in Cabo
we're gonna go tomorrow
so kind of have like a New Year's Eve
Shaytards special it'll be fun
Casey and Caylee and all the kids are
getting here to Idaho tonight then
tomorrow we're gonna go to the gym and
play it'll be fun
my legs probably any super sore that's
the fire and the tree this is like the
perfect Christmas setting let's go see
what our little children are doing hey
children what are you doing that's right
baby do you think you're close enough to
it
you're my parents always told me don't
stick close to the TV or you're going to
lose your eyesight and guess what mom
has to have glasses cuz i sat too close
to the TV
it's truth should I tell you I do at
death sauce I'm really bad eyes but I
have contacts right now so don't sit so
close to the TV
that's better good sausage guys like you
we don't wanna wear glasses like mom
that would be ugly
okay good eye good idea all right you
guys look what Steven bought me for
Christmas wireless headphones such a hey
thank you good night guy there's many
many times or as many miles of Shea's
gonna run next year he's gonna I'm gonna
need this there make him faster so
finishing off our leg day she treadmill
work I was just telling Steve that last
year I set a goal to run four marathons
a year and it really burned me out like
I almost got to the point where I hated
running because it was so painful so I'm
gonna set a goal this year to run one
marathon it's gonna be a life goal I'm
gonna run one marathon a year and I
think this year I want to do the New
York Marathon so I gotta look into that
and see if there's a pre pre qualified
either the New York Marathon or the
London Marathon that's one of one of my
2014 goals Hey I was so excited to see
you guys tweeting me your 2014 goals so
you haven't yet you got a day and a half
sit down and write your goals Steve what
are your 2014 goals well some of which I
can't say on camera they seek six secret
haha some kind of some secrets but eh I
got to read scriptures front to back
there you go that's been a goal of mine
for a while yeah I'm doing it purchase a
house there you go that's a good goal
and there's one a half marathon and then
a couple that you guys are just gonna
have to wait secret I've never read the
Old Testament cover to cover
that'd be interesting I started it every
time I start like I get a month into it
and so is Exodus he always gets stuck in
Exodus or Ezekiel Ezekiel hey I think I
talked also Colette into getting a new
great day and that's the secret I should
have told you guys that but I was just
thinking Old Testament because I would
name him Isaiah when we got another
great day and Colette would kill me I
think I talked for into today all right
dude I'm going peace out the workout
buddy I meant to say bro and buddy and I
called you Brett II see you buddy oh my
legs
well we whisked out we decided not to
roast him on the fire it's too cold
you wussies I thought we were from odd
now but look at how rocked RDX's okay
corn on the cob kind of dealio
thanks honey enough I'm fat I built that
it's young
Hatchin weeks I have wrapped a coat of
blubber around me just coming down the
stairs well it's coming down the stairs
I could feel it bouncy no facebook in
the office cat what'd you get for
Christmas big ol fat fat fat well I
think that you should just be happy and
enjoy yourself until it's time to work
out it's not hot more no yet it's too
hot guys it's too hot it's just blowing
on a roll you have to be patient honey
that's the hard thing about window
dressing about weight loss it takes you
forever to lose weight and teacher like
Pacific it takes you one holiday season
no you go for one hard run you're like
okay you take off your shirt you're like
it's still there
you know I need your all shades right
here they're all mine he's just glad the
girl face you better start running right
now babe
where'd you get that sword you know why
you itch
dry way well there's been in the
Caribbean oh it does she got a part
don't Stephanie baby with that would you
get me what is you give me treasures
treasures oh yeah one oh why not let
here get together and feel all right
what do you got do you what
Denver Broncos satchel what you wear in
your jammies bro
we're Superman Gemma don't record it I
was a secret there's some naughty things
in a record that full my
I know maybe well I did grow baby you
know baby I don't have any time so no
you don't what is it
this is fences killing me don't am I
gonna like it baby tard am I gonna wear
it where will I wear it well wear it out
in public you don't hear it you don't
wear it okay you know way too much hey
there's Bronte pants you I don't want
that president's on a diaper out of here
here oh dude memories you said to the
desert what did ours have though instead
Caracas those little shaker things what
they have they had a pistols oh that's
right stole us dude that brings back so
many memories
when me in case you were young within it
was a mom and dad go to Mexico wanna
okay I went to Tijuana and we got some
of these and mean Casey to love them
look at him for a long time
Ledger's hung up in your room yeah we're
hanging up in the core of the room you
can do better but these are messed up it
looks like he's doing good though have a
contest
I've been waiting 25 years to do that
finally beat him at pogo-sticking good
another what are your new year's
resolutions don't go into 2014 without
at least one goal set at least one thing
that you can achieve in 2014 that will
make your life better
alright thanks for watching today if you
want to see we're doing yesterday click
on the yesterday blog button if you want
to click on the feelin lucky button I
got something special there let's hit
the shake harder - 1 2 3 4 years ago -
click on those cars fighting a virus
happy new years everybody
we can't wait to hang out with you in
I'm not even gonna make another vlog
this year this is the last vlog for the
year up you know and I'll just I'll make
another one next year next year joke
