are you ready for the performance of a
lifetime from our very own baby she's
not quite ready yet I can't stall the
intro for very much longer
are you ready for a performance from our
very own baby
say that again oh are you okay I'm sorry
I'm not jumping up but I have a baby
attached to me right now okay a
performance from baby tard and your
backup dancer just died she's a really
good girl
I love it coming back to life
okay hey I loved it it was great
okay and now another song from our very
own baby turns off Pardo
Luke Fez Magoo Fez today I can see the
fish the other day okay listen
but yeah you think
you sound so good honey I am watching
trusty and watching I've been watching
for five minute how are you pretty
principal do word you would go to see
that you want to wear it
oh come you're not cool with that well I
think I'm gonna make your own head meet
you on the head meet you on the beach on
the beat you on the head lick you on the
head beat you in the head it's the
second best thing about Christmas
wrapping paper tubes they're still fun
to play swords with go get a sword let's
play Hey Dude are you getting a coffee
too
you sound like your brother you okay you
sick yes I've been losing your voice too
like your big brother will going to the
mall cuz that's where you go oh those
are so pretty
click your heels together three times
and say there's no place I come well
that's not necessarily the Judy Garland
method but I guess it'll work
look I have got a backpack baby he's
adorable
all right love you so much see there's
no place like home there's no place like
home watch your mother she'll teach you
there's no place like home there's no
place like home there's no place you're
never gettin home you don't know how to
do it get out of here okay we're
actually here to pick up some things for
Logan he sent us a letter from the MTC
saying that he wanted some new ties and
some books we're gonna go pick them up
some stuff no riding cars you're not old
enough yet oh I want to get one of those
for Christmas I feel like baby there
looks like an adult in that petticoat
you can just tell you can't go anywhere
with these games the children this child
he's having a blast put it in there and
it's skin
you guys wear this thing that gives
instant cash for phones
you just bring in your old phone and
puts it in this eco skinny booth scans
it to see how good of a phone it is and
then they give you cash for it crazy
it's super rare I've never seen one of
those before
you ever seen it it's in the mall you
can just bring it in any old phone you
put your phone in it it scans it and
then it pays you depending on like how
nice of a phone it isn't know if it
still works or if it's broken or
whatever it's weird I'm scanning your
device no it's going through all the
devices Zack Morris $2.00 don't worry I
learned the device did I get it right so
that's your phone
Samsung crazy okay so now we're
connecting a cable from the machine into
the device and it's gonna still have
your contacts and text all your
ex-boyfriends I missed you I think I was
freaking out some lady because she just
walked up to that machine and she put in
her old samsung phone and I'm like hey
can we watch you do this she's like yeah
I don't care and then after I started
filming I thought she was like what are
you doing what are you doing but that's
crazy the machine that scanned your
phone determines whether it's like a
good phone or like how good of a phone
it is and then it gives you money
there's a baby baby that's my baby was
mad at me for a minute and now I was
just like whatever fine alright we guys
who bought Logan some ties he wrote us a
letter said he wanted some really bright
ties we bought him a bunch of bright
ties he's gonna love him I know it's
exciting think about it that's the
missionary's only like way to really
show off yeah that's the only
personality option a checkered suit or
something yeah your tie is the only way
you can express yourself so it's the
weekend Saturday night we're out to
party looking for a good time Ruby
Tuesday's with a spinach dip is that a
good spinach dip
do that's like appetizers maybe turn
your face I like calamari we got the
four sampler grandpa's got baby that was
work today dad it's okay how was your
fab my dad pixels you think what
machines machines defects early barber
Baker lithography machines mom what's a
lithography machine it makes chips but
you're telling your computer pictures of
wafers on wafers
if you don't eat all your food you got
to put it in the to-go box you're gonna
eat that tomorrow young man there's no
wasting in this family you don't need
all your dinner you're gonna have it for
breakfast tomorrow morning
yeah don't bug me dad I spill any of
this that means I get less of a
breakfast tomorrow morning girls
 your burgers up all right scram
pong you need to eat your broccoli kind
of example are you setting for these
girls it's really good
anybody Decker's she's not down with
that get that all in there
good boy dang it
you guys doing down here it's our Guinea
need to take him out for you I can beat
up that big bull with you yes okay let's
get on the theater it's like I'm gonna
get it I'm gonna bring it on okay get on
I'm going to front EQ okay hold on tight
ready there we go we have to go get that
bully and beat him up watch this little
racer he's pretty fast on this thing
check him out going around these corners
here he goes fast and furious
you're gonna dude he goes faster on
those corners go go go go go go oh there
he comes
basement is the Raceway here he comes
around the corner ladies and gentlemen
it's spider-man bike face leaning he's
leaning into it
we've got Superman and Hulk Oh decided
he needed to come be a part do you want
to play too
lookit the dog came out as soon as I
pulled the camera they're like oh we're
gonna be famous on camera all I'm seeing
is a lot of legs a lot of legs so many
memories grown up playing in the
basement I don't know if you guys have
those where you live but here in Idaho
most of the houses have a basement
that's like underground and a lot of
times they're unfinished growing up me
and KC had a basement just like that the
walls were cement we took crowns and
chalk and we drew circles on the walls
and those were our basketball hoops I
cannot tell you how many countless
fights me in case he got in like that
was in knew it wasn't I saw it it
totally missed it was on the line just
like playing in those basements they're
like our little jungle gyms so it's fun
playing my kids down there and played
with all their toys do thanks for
watching our check i yesterday's vlog
click on the feeling lucky button if you
wanna see the shade dogs doing one two
three or four years ago today click on
those corresponding numbers daddy I'll
see you tomorrow
