you guys were tracing down some deer the
past moment
look at him we're gonna get you guys
we've got a run in that's good yeah
we're gonna catch you right there we say
you rode off
you can't get away from us deer babe
their bums their white bones honey those
are mule deer okay I don't know but you
lived in California too long mule deer
mule they're also have white bumps okay
antelope have like white stripes on dude
Sun Tanning but seriously guys my butt
is really want to see it you started it
that immediately locks the doors aren't
back in the car hey everybody my name is
white I'm trying to be funny over here
hey hey my name is mustache Mario and if
you like my moustache then go ahead and
give me a thumbs up hey here's luck
that's my mom and dad my mom and that's
my dad's mustache do you guys like my
dad's mustache look at my dad's green
eyes that's my dad's mustache so like
that Shay Carl Jung sure Carl yeah kind
of does we are here at my grandma's
house you guys I'm famous look this is
my grandma and this is the president
I think that's Gerald Ford is that
Gerald Ford I think it is not too smart
but that's my grandma on my grandpa and
there with the president so pretty much
like famous so just in case you want to
know do you wanted to see my mom when
she was a girl that's my mom what does
that look like it's not like it look
like any of my daughters kind of look
that's grandma Larry right there when
she was a little girl that crazy do you
guys want to see what I look like when I
was a little kid right here Here I am
that's me oh no that's me I was in
junior high right there that's right
after I wrote since my baby left me
since my baby left me find a new place
to dwell yeah excuse me I think you kind
of look like Grandma when you're young
what do you plan checkers yeah okay
we're going on one take Sunday we are
here we're here at my grandma's house in
Utah hanging out visiting talking
telling stories reminiscing just
enjoying one another's company and the
kids are downstairs playing games that
they found what are you playing set
checkers you guys know how to play well
do you know how to play checkers because
anyways let's go upstairs and see what
the adults are doing okay do it I make
it one take Sunday you guys be funny
baby doing he likes to blow bubbles
grandma is that Gerald Ford downstairs
with your mom and dad yes yes I knew it
that's Janey Harris he had a party and
they have invited my parents up there
and they met the president yeah how
famous we are you guys vice president
come on don't tell them that you ruined
it he was president did he become
president cuz Nixon Nixon got impeached
I am NOT a crook who's that handsome
devil see what little boys doing hey
buddy what are you doing in here you
playing with trains okay let's see it
keep that train going up the hill do you
like this train it's cool he's been in
here playing with this for 20 minutes no
exaggeration watching this thing you're
so beautiful I need to train right yes I
agree with that I'm gonna go out and
vlog when take Sunday Oh little town
seemless sing a song we didn't do any
Christmas songs this year
pisses me off you're a good singer and
every time I ask you to sing you don't
take it seriously challenge what did
Jesus say do not put your light under a
bushel he said that right guys who know
scriptures he said let your light so
shine I do know your Christmas videos
you should go check them out watch one
from last charity merchants well you
haven't let your light shine to this
year oh that reminds me that reminds me
okay I'm going out to vlog eat something
just reminded me white Christmas that
was the video I was talking about
yesterday in the insight about that
Doris
um so yesterday in the N say it was just
me ticky it was just me sorry she
thought somebody was coming in a shanty
Mart yesterday in the end slate when I
said that there was a video that was an
unlisted video and that would not be up
on YouTube anymore Colette and Kali did
a white Christmas song and I was gonna
leave it as the end slate mystery video
but I didn't because I thought oh it's
gonna go down so I just tweeted it so I
did tweet and Facebook it but today well
it's not gonna be and slate today
because someone takes Sunday but go
watch it Colette is so beautiful I was i
tweeted and somebody accused me of like
over-exaggerating saying love are you
saying that because she's your wife
seriously go watch this video and look
how beautiful and talented my wife is I
said she's more talented than any star
in Hollywood we're in the heavens above
Kobe's here with that hey okay so um New
Year's resolutions let's talk about News
News News News New Year's resolutions
last night I was up watching some videos
I'm starting to think okay 2013's over
that's gonna be my 2014 resolution and
you know what is a good thing to think
about when you're trying to think of New
Year's resolutions your own death think
about your funeral who's gonna be at
your funeral
think about your obituary what are they
gonna write about you in the paper this
is your life what do you want to have
accomplished in your life that's what I
was thinking last night when I'm like
what are my 2014 New Year's resolutions
gonna be what am I gonna do to make my
life better
you know I get all motivational and I
know that some of you probably roll your
eyes but I'm not trying to motivate you
to help me
I just feel motivated and so when I say
motivating things or I try to say
motivating things I'm talking to myself
mostly but then I feel like I want to
talk to you guys and encourage you guys
and I think about that when I'm like
okay today I'm gonna make a one-take
sundae like on the drive here we have
like an hour-and-a-half drive here to
Grandma's house and I'm like what am I
gonna do for one take Sunday cuz you
know that's part of my my deal that's
what I got to do and I was like I want
to talk about setting new year's
resolutions and about how I want to just
change my life like I don't want to just
give up and be satisfied with what I
have I want to try to do more and become
more and and do bigger and better things
just because like why not why not set
your sights for greatness mediocrity is
not a virtue and you should never be
satisfied with where you're at you
should be happy with your achievements
and be glad that you have fulfilled some
of your goals but you should never quit
trying to become better because what is
this life worth you know because it just
gets boring if you don't I mean if you
just sit around and just like our ho-hum
yeah anyways I know and I keep reading
all the comments like I know there's
people that are depressed and I know
that there's people that when they hear
somebody trying to be motivational
they're like oh I don't want to do that
and I realize that I feel that way
sometimes I feel unmotivated and like I
just don't want to I don't want to put
for the effort because it's hard I'd
rather just sit here but you will not
feel happy you know what I'm talking
about you don't feel happy you feel like
how do you feel you feel like unhappy
but you don't I mean it's like you can't
be complacent you have to strive and not
quit and I know those are cliches but
you have to find something within you
you have to realize that this is your
life you only get one and why not try to
make it the best you can I
no I'm talking to myself like I said but
why don't you get a piece of paper right
now soon as this video is over and start
writing down some goals for 2014
do it I promise you that is the first
step to feeling a lot better is making
some goals for the new year what do you
want achieve even if they're small just
at least at least write down one thing
that you want to achieve in this new
year it's a new beginning new start
what's it gonna be if you can do more
than one that would be great I'll tell
you what New Year's resolutions it's
like they always kind of turn into like
fitness related right
whether it be weight loss or you know
trying to exercise more and I know some
people like so simply try and do that I
failed so many times and I was thinking
about that too you have to you have to
incorporate healthy living in order to
feel better because how your body feels
has a lot to do with how you feel and if
you feel like you have energy and
strength because you're eating healthy
and exercising you'll be successful in
all other areas because you just can't
help it but to feel energy because your
body feels good does that make sense
Kobe do you feel motivated you want to
set some goals for this new year you do
okay I love you you're a good boy good
boy all right what take Sunday love you
guys that's my challenge to you right
now get out a piece of paper and a pen
and write 2014 goals and realize that
this is your life I'm not gonna check up
on you your parents aren't gonna check
up on you nobody can change your life
but you you have to take full
responsibility of it all right when one
side one side hey what are your 2014 New
Year's resolutions to go campaign with
all my family in trailers okay and we're
gonna go to um what's a park your Kemeny
grandma what's your new year's
resolution for 2014 to seek out people
very noble I would like to get she
showed me up again I want to go camping
in the trailer grandma's like I want to
be more like Mother Teresa and give and
love so so everyone says what's your new
year's resolutions to bring the peace to
the wall with the entire world
alright we'll get on it every even
countries I've never heard of before
all right well Peyton Manning is trying
to fulfill his 2013 New Year's
resolution we in the Superbowl
