hi I'm login here alright it's time to
test out them rollerblades them roller
Bay them rollerblade them rollerblade
it's time to test them rollerblade them
rollerblades them rollerblade them ro ro
ro ro gonna blade
yeah I got my eyes on you getting better
really good alright so the kids have
been asking all they did I can't win go
chest out already
that's it stop talking like that we'll
go so here we are testing out dem
rollerblades again better you think yeah
fun inline skating is radical ball camp
paper to start cat dang it to Murgatroid
I just was filming not Sun tarde eating
it and I didn't have the camera I'll see
if I can make a breath again I'm filming
here we go oh you're gonna wreck you're
gonna wreck
you're gonna wreck boom on the headshot
ball mine right there and then
Oh
blocked it Oh shot
Oh blocks it all right fall count how
many times did you fall just right
thousand times that's pretty good pretty
star no times you fall for baby target
how many times you fall a thousand you
tied with Sun tard
I didn't fall once cuz I'm professional
actually you did I did oh yeah we did me
and you both we incent our date it we
had a collision
we had a collision a roller blade
collision alright that was fun you guys
like your roller blades do you guys
would get so good at those
stay
we're gonna drop a juice now well this
was a weed of Kingsoft for a second like
this no no it's not maybe TARDIS dancing
let's see you dance so beautiful are you
dropping
Severine
person
we're back from skating to on drink my
Jim Bob juice looks really crazy please
smile you ask these but muncher how do
you ask what do you say that's right
that's but is this all greens yeah it's
the Apple greens one it's a healthy one
so it tastes like crap no one actually
days good not bad huh yeah ed about the
dog head but the dog head but the dog
head but the dog heads but up another
punches back punches but attack is okay
not as much sorry I was a nice baby oh
okay I'm getting the resigning tied up
the baby guys Oh chance for a jacket and
the baby still asleep okay we need to
move you this is too pushy go play some
more let me throw in the bed - sounds
hammock bag this head is called the
sleeper do you know that you want noise
it's a call to sleep because it put you
to sleep
drunk asleep can you pin that Jimmy
that's a fun game I want to go to sleep
okay not that kind of game everybody I'm
playing with all the kids boys
that's why they got the board Dishman
cuz I wanna play with their toys
give me that Skinner you don't talk to
my friends talk get shot buddy you make
a basket can you want to shoot a basket
okay ready
here we go okay grab a ball got it okay
here we go okay ready
okay shoot it shoot it money in the bike
Thanks
oh I think a pizza man must be here the
pizza man here is the pizza man here
look Stewie Huntley wise are you
bleeding Zeki oh oh oh you got bit
pizza's here we're gonna be yeah are we
gonna stop eating like giant Fatso's
January 3rd 14 first first Oh January
1st that's not funny
I think we're gonna do another diet bet
for all of you Shayla sirs sir well I
don't I don't
yeah it's a new year I thought you said
the 13th I had two weeks left in the die
the vet starts mama start working
okay I'm starting on the diet and I am
the new we all those kids who are you
ever mean the electronic record her hair
it's not like a herd of elephants you
get your rollerblades ones to pick this
here faces here because here right watch
pizza it comes Kobe everybody comes
running pizza's here nani mo li bit him
hey eyes you hello how may I help you
who's who's there
all right we're coming hold on let us
put our guns away
we got salads we don't have guns I just
making jokes uh we ordered pizza and the
salads and the salads just got your -
what is that that is Hugh is still
afraid okay I'll be serious good yeah
yeah that's good our fridge troll is
making sure nobody gets in and a half
some extra calories lots and itz√° peace
man yes come on jump jump
Juggalo I got you I got you
look you people okay here we go so I'm
making some dinner for Zeke and I have
an assistant cook with me
they're designed okay do you want to me
that we're making hamburger for the
doggies he's been standing here watching
me cook this for the last five minutes
he is she has you want to cook good okay
you cook a bro you take over
you know what sorry well don't get under
my foot dog we got a sizzling dinner
here Zeke has not left my side for the
last 15 minutes just standing there I
was like cooking his beef this elk or
deer dad elk you're having an elk burger
tonight buddy you are spoiled yes you
all are you're so spoiled
got his hamburger all cooked up mix it
with this favorite dry dog food there's
something very satisfying about making
your dog like a really good dinner look
at him go to town that's a good puppy oh
you're me so big and strong do any of
you do that like make your dog like a
really good dish you know I just spoil
him because he deserves it he gives you
love dog Camco this yummy is that good
Buffy do you like that no I gave it all
the Z cuz I don't like those other dogs
are stupid they are me hey Mia bridge
some of you may be saying shay you
shouldn't let the kid bob-- the dog
while he's eating cuz he could bite him
well he is better trained than that Zeke
knows better than to growl at the
children grew up with them and he knows
he'll get a spankin if he does that whoa
that's a big bed for little bubbles hi
oh I know you too he does get tired I
was just like look baby baby guys look
at my babies no mommy don't get tired of
me I'm so good
chill out there how are you guys tonight
hmm I've been a super good mood and I
don't know if it's just because this is
one of those days where we just get to
relax at home stop fighting and it's all
like chill and what and you know like
we're just doing really great get over
it
love at home this is how we do oh just
kidding what for real sorry what's going
on yeah would you guys where do you
think you're gonna have your voice back
oh do you guys remember that as kids or
maybe you are kids and maybe you're like
this but you're always fight with your
brother and sister and for some reason
there's always that tone
oh stop mom yeah it's like that that
whiny OH
I remember doing it mom she hit me dad
it's not fair I think I've been a good
mood today because today was one of
those days where we didn't really have
anything to do we just got to chill out
at home and that's what we did we stayed
at home all day I cleaned the room a
little bit it's not really that clean
but sort of clean and we just relaxed it
was very nice that's what I see vacation
is sometimes it's fun to like Disneyland
vacations you know where you're doing
stuff you're actively engaged in things
but sometimes vacation is just like do
nothing and it's so nice and that's what
I needed today and that's what I got
yeah yes super cool totes mcgoats don't
you guys believe that this turns into
this look at my boys new drew little and
then they're so big and there's a little
and then there's a boob
oh no no boom-boom ugh I love you it's
like okay mom leave me alone
we're done
buddy your arm stuck your arm stuck okay
hold on I'll help you I'll help you
don't cry
don't stick your okay pull it up
wait up pull it up there you go Oh Mary
Jo Frosty's in there I'll go down here
I'll get it I'll get it out for you oh
there it is
it's Olaf's head I got it that's every
guitar players worst nightmare when
their pick or their snowman head falls
inside there that's the worst you get it
you get him let me see him got your Olaf
head
that was scary huh was your arm
claustrophobic
you had claustrophobia arm for a second
that's the worst especially in a G minor
I love you buddy I love you too oh yeah
you had to get your Olaf Anya to save
him cuz he got stuck in the guitar you
were very brave I was very proud of you
to go in after him some soldiers would
have just left there compadre behind but
you pulled up your sleeve and you win
and after him didn't you you suffered
some minor forearm bruising because of
the guitar strings did you are a very
brave soldier and I love you what are
you doing don't what are you doing bro
don't hurt me don't worry bro do Brodeur
me don't taze me bro
don't tase your own ho days me don't
this let me see your Olaf
no no I guess you're a wall and then
rocked hard close the window to our
family isn't that what it is really that
camera is just like a window that opens
up for you know 15 20 minutes a day and
you get to see into our lives what would
we see if we open up window into your
life what would be there what are the
things are being said the things are
being done it's interesting
right if you break it down to this like
base level it's kind of like voyeurism /
entertainment interaction conversation
exciting I don't know what this is it's
a lot of fun though we enjoy it and we
are glad that you guys are along for the
ride brand new and slaked thanks to one
of you fine folk click on yesterday's
vlog there did you guys click on
yesterday's film lucky button that video
is an unlisted video and is not supposed
to be on YouTube so it's actually going
to probably be taken down in the new
year so if you didn't click on
yesterday's Phil and lucky button
yeah you should go check it out because
that's probably one of my favorite
videos of all time of somebody special
to me and if you wanna see what we were
doing 1 2 3 & 4 years ago those numbers
right there love yo way tomorrow
