all right it is Christmas Day and I've
been editing for hours I got four hours
of sleep last night I'm exhausted but
I'm at minute 42 of the final cast so
that's good anyways or having Christmas
dinner no shirt no service blogs where's
your shirt there she is all right
Christmas dinner time this looks really
good and it smells delicious
everybody got electronics Mike I make
your body those are always the best one
that he does expect bikes and we like
switch shoes and he always got the
better one at least we're doing a circle
in different places and doing yeah we're
all is he good he can write it right
good I like to watch - yes are you gonna
play it what gave me their play
minecraft let me see where is it you
don't want it okay don't worry about it
we're gonna eat dinner first
what was your favorite day your favorite
present deed was your favorite present
like so many I think the tripling we got
a trampoline was yours I can't don't
fire HD they've been on it hey did you
rollerblade in the basement did you get
your hockey goal down there dude I'm
gonna get a stick we're gonna have a
game Rock turns had too much to drink on
Christmas Day
Akhtar need you to slow down there you
have any more glasses all right pray it
eats all right babe I just said export
you are Manning and you look cute pink
no I can't go to the movie now still 100
minutes to export and then probably be
800 minutes to upload the job isn't
finished okay so we open presents this
morning then I started to edit the vlog
then we had a little Christmas dinner
you saw that clip I just finished hit
export 7-eleven at night breaks floor
peas and still gonna probably be three
hours before that monster vlog is online
and our 27 minutes that's pretty good as
long as Shaytards video or I think it is
actually I think that is the longest
Shaytards vlog ever I think it is do a
little research anybody trivia Shaytards
trivia what would be longer I feel like
the last Christmas the last Christmas
was an hour and 15 the baby episode was
like 45 minutes I think this might be
the longest she turned his episode of
history Carly I'm still in your hat I
have it here put it on you look cute in
it okay Carly got this one
this mistake anyways I hope you guys
like the Christmas vlog please go watch
it 58 times I would really appreciate it
alright so all the toys are being demo
demo down here here comes spider-man bye
you like your bike buddy
of course the Kindle Fire tardes are you
addicted to that or what do you guys
love them yes
let us all learn I don't even know I
haven't even had a chance to look at him
what are they what do they have on them
those are books or TV shows these are
all books but I also have TV shows make
us all come loaded on there no I can
download them
this piano thing can help cool yeah
maybe tard what are you watching on
yours okay all you guys realize that it
is Christmas so what kind of like just
look giving you guys free reign but we
get back home there's gonna be time
limits on the Kindle Fire like you're
not gonna be on there for Kindle ever
you got it I'll be like okay you can
have 30 minutes on your device and then
get off of it Go coop dog same with you
you can only ride that bike 10 hours a
day hey where's your hockey stick I'm
gonna slap shot some goals into this net
pass the ball lean knees grab them
money yeah go get the ball hockey balls
are known as light wanted you rifle yeah
maybe I'll let you shoot it yeah he's so
many these days real good yeah okay
sure
oh here he comes you like your bike
buddy fun what are you guys doing
alright so we are on our 13 of trying to
get the Shaytards Christmas special up
you know I love my job I would not trade
what I do for anything but the one day a
year where you're supposed to have work
off this is actually the day that I work
the hardest but I wouldn't trade it I
wouldn't trade it for all those other
days where people have to get up and go
to a job I don't mind being stuck behind
a computer for 13 hours on Christmas
because the rest of the year makes up
for it and your guys's support is always
so encouraging anyways we're at 26% the
Shaytards Christmas special is uploaded
at 26% and there's a hundred and ninety
nine minutes to go and we've been
uploading for about an hour so far it's
nine fifty seven at night almost ten
o'clock so the kids got up this morning
about 7:00 a.m. 6:30 7:00 to look at
their presence we did that for about two
hours
I started importing footage then I
started editing right around nine
o'clock and so it's been about 13 hours
to get this beast up this is I did some
checking and I tweeted a tweet a lot of
you tweeted me back this is the very
longest video I have ever made I think
it's one hour and 27 minutes that is a
beast vlog it is 3.3 gigabytes of
Christmas joy and it is slowly dripping
onto the line yeah but on the line
you're on the line right now the WWI the
Internet
that's this what we're doing right now
anyways I hope you guys like the
Christmas special I think it's good
there's some real funny moments those
games were hilarious those were all
Carly's idea I'm glad we played them I
wish KCK Lee could have been here for
those they were a lot of fun but it was
a great Christmas the kids all love
their presents and I was fun I really
enjoyed it
all right changer it's Christmas special
come on I'm so tired
because the night before I went to bed
at probably 3:00 in the morning and then
like I said we got up at 7:00
so I'm exhausted and I'm just hoping
this baby goes up and then at 2:22 in
the morning it did go up and it already
has five hundred and eleven thousand
views on it thank you and now the next
day what did we do let's tune in slide
fingers okay all right we're playing a
game of pool ball down to those
independent quarterback II look at you
have a cute baby
Oh baby I think he likes walk around
like this so he can see what's going on
I think he does too
I don't think he knows who he is when he
looks in the mirror yet I tried to show
him we'll figure it out eventually and
then he'll be so vain because he's so
cute how often do you play pool they do
honest TV do you shop it I so do okay or
team ball in the corner
good go go boom
oh dude eight ball right here eight Ball
side pocket for the win
well ladies and gentlemen I think I can
do it let's see I'm so confident in this
victory that Sun tired if I win then you
have to run out and roll in the snow
with your shirt off okay here we go
a ball sorry guys my focus was on you
guys and not the eight ball does that
mean I lose if you totally miss the
eight ball when you're shooting for the
eight ball is that considered a scratch
and that means I lose no I don't know
that rule that's a student that's not a
rule dude I'm positive
look ask all these musical instruments
alright son time you're about to go down
on this shot side pocket smooth but now
before I won that game I loved that you
started to smile now you kind of tell me
my oh my baby you talk to me
oh yeah that's good if I could a shirt
that says my dad's beard is tougher than
your test fierce yeah that's for one of
our universe it masks you so much they
keep you nice nope are you can have a
beard someday be bigger than dad's beard
so I am actually visiting some friends
right now when we're in the hospital
because one of my friends just had a
baby he was early so he's in the NICU
right now so we're just here to say hi
and I had to bring my baby if you're not
allowed to bring babies back in the NICU
so I have to keep my baby out here but I
love seeing friends it's awesome to be
able to come back and see friends that
I've had since um since junior high
really I mean we've been best friends
for a really long time so I'm so
grateful for that and it's exciting
because I'll have kids now and you know
lives things happenin and we all got
babies
oh yes I'm talking about you aren't you
grab that you were born a healthy chubby
little baby I am thanks for coming a
little late even though I was impatient
I'm glad you're healthy and big it's so
hard being back here and know that
there's a lot of babies that are born
with a lot of trouble and so I feel
really grateful and lucky they haven't
had any of those kinds of troubles you
have you we all came bearing gifts these
are the gifts that were exchanging for
each other today my friends got a nice
picture of Idaho right here it's not
gorgeous man sometimes that really does
make me miss Idaho but not right now
super cold and freezing bula okay I'm
here with my friend Bob Bobby and she is
just you know he's falling in love with
you already
Bobby and Hailey have been my friends
since when when junior high seventh
grade seventh grade so mute really yeah
yeah and you guys were ninth grade well
you and Stephanie were first huh yeah I
am is your friend in seventh grade
your uncle's class we're besties these
girls have been my friends forever and I
felt very blessed to have friends that
I've kept through you know all through
high school and we're I mean we still we
don't see each other like ever but we're
still great friends those are the kind
of friends you need when you have a
family right yes the kind of friends
that aren't really like high maintenance
like you have to come and see me do you
hate me now talk to me today friends I
can't have those kind of friends because
I don't really hang out because we have
lack of kids we make babies that's what
we do for we don't hang you know you
never babies - I know I've said it
before but I'm gonna say it again right
here right now muy mucho gracias
511 thousand views on the Shaytards
Christmas special in just a little over
24 hours as 55,000 thumbs up that's
encouraging and also I was just on my
favorite subscription tracking website
called vid stats X it's a website that
tells you how many people have
subscribed to your YouTube channel in
the last 24 hours
well according to vid stats X in the
last 24 hours
two thousand nine hundred and fifty
seven people have subscribed to the
Shaytards channel that's
three thousand new people in the last
day that have clicked on a button that
says they want to be part of this family
so welcome him into the fold everybody
if you are new here please subscribe
this is the end slate you can actually
click on it if you're on a computer what
do I mean by click on the screen you can
actually click on these numbers we have
been doing this every single day for the
last five years so if you want to see
what our family was doing exactly four
years ago before rockhard was even born
then click on that number four easy as
that you want to see what we're doing
exactly last year click on those
corresponding numbers 1 2 3 & 4 I want
to see what we're doing yesterday click
on that and then I usually have a little
something special for you on the feelin
lucky button follow me on Facebook
Twitter Instagram and you can get
calendars at Rodeo arcade on the
merchandise and if you're on a mobile
device you cannot click on the screen
but I will leave the links to those
videos in the video description below
ok and that clear I love ya I'll see you
tomorrow
