or strapped we're doing one taker today
we got bucketheads with us we are going
to the movies you ready to go to the
movies movie
gotcha movie hat Oh gotcha movie hat on
okay so here's the scenario how many
times have I said that in the vlogs it's
it's better than situation you could say
here's the situation but I like saying
scenario but scenario it's a weird word
isn't it so here's a situation we are on
a kid date because mommy tard is out
with the girls she has a bunch of her
high school friends now because we're
here in Idaho she's gonna go hang out
with them tonight going out to dinner
and to a movie and whoever knows
whatever the heck they're gonna do
leaving me come on do this kid I can't
vlog and undo the kids seat at the same
time do that
I'll be back ahead so she's with her
friends and we're gonna go to the secret
life of walter mitty is that what it's
called sundered yeah excited see this
movie how did you like your Christmas it
was awesome
dude are you the Dark Lord look at me
look you put your head up and say come
to the dark side you even have that
voice right now - I'm excited to see
this movie with what's-his-name princess
hard this shows your kids she's like
it's the old guy from night from the
museum and I'm like he's not old you're
just a kid he is excited pegged me got
you those hey mom I have a question for
you what whoa I've never seen a
flashlight on the weather that's pretty
cool hey so what because I wanted some
time to vlog before we got into the
theater it's a long ways guys look
that's how long we're gonna do our vlog
so I'm doing one take today because I
was editing for hours here let me carry
buddy
it took me it took me I I was counting I
started editing at 9:00 a.m. yesterday
the vlog didn't go live till 2:00 a.m.
that's like 17 hours so here it is
Christmas day and he is nowhere to be
found cuz he is working all day and so I
do actually talk about that in the vlog
footage I did have for today but then we
decided to go to the movies so mom I I
saw a lot of comments asking why aren't
the presents wrapped that Santa gives
and it's just been tradition all growing
up Santa Claus never wrapped our
presents why is it believed in
conserving trees you know my dad gave me
that that was rude of him she gave you
that double chairs I think everything
right here so Santa Claus never did ever
wrap your presents never never did
tradition it's tradition yeah it's just
like what you're growing up doing I
figure yes Santa doesn't have time to
make the toys and then wrap them you
know he just makes the toys and brings
them and drops him off throws him on the
couch and then he gets out of there is
in the warm climate of Cabo and here we
are Cabo San Lucas is it Cabo San Lucas
I don't know I've never been there
Casey's been sending us pictures of them
on the beach all day long who's trying
to convince us to all go on a cruise for
next Christmas we guys think about that
we have a Shaytards Christmas special
from a cruise ship you'd go yeah cool
that is the anchor in the whole
situation we're all like yeah let's do
it let's all go to a cruise next year
then Colette's not having it she says
she does not want to go on a cruise
because then that will ruin traditional
Christmas oh also some other questions I
was seen in the comments I've been
reading comments all day you guys the
shade hurts Christmas special
has already has 300,000 views 40,000
thumbs up and like 14,000 comments and I
read most of the house comments well I
mean a lot of you were asking where
Cooper went he went to his dad's house
they have to switch off every year and
so he had to go to his dad's house so
mommy's hard ground with her decide
about our tickets to go see the what's
it called
so what life is secret life of walter
mitty I'm excited for the kids it's only
pg-13 so thank you guys please go if you
guys have not seen the Shaytards
Christmas special please go check it out
thumbs it up put it on Facebook and
Twitter please please pretty please and
I'll see you guys tomorrow okay I love
you one-take what's today mom it's a
one-day Thursday right Thursday okay so
yes tomorrow I say I love you guys
