people with my fingers are fear we
talked about that it's fear this is a
coke alright can you drop this it'll
make it like this yaki quit what
rustling around what's going she just
make this thing that'll they'll see how
raw we are if we just make this thorn
yeah should we do it tell you my notes
note I do have no see it's not a note
but still the new car feet thingies
where my older notes go I draw I lost on
it they were soon Oh My heavens to
Murgatroid we can't use this tape hold
on
oh I found him what your shoes just take
them and I'll say how does he help real
we are I got notes um my balance where's
your my vision umpires hey everybody
here we are hello or go making a video
you start you give I wait we're making
video for a thousand four hundred Ford
47 yep I did some research on vid stats
X look at this number right here focus
between all of our channels this channel
the Shaytards my personal channel
shaycarl her channel the mom's view I
phoned hard which surprisingly had a
hundred and eighty videos I can't
believe I've made that many videos on
there but this video ladies and
gentlemen is our four thousand four
hundred and forty seventh video
which is crazy that's a lot of Internet
videos let's look okay
mmm Louie top eating not blue tweeting
we cut hammer flips up okay he wasn't
we're still going
what what what happens okay listen we
did that because we wanted to see we
were we were self-conscious tell him
we're self-conscious so we wanted to see
what we found
yeah we're like wait a minute is this
can we really use this but then we liked
what we saw I would say let's just keep
going let's be brave and then we ate
some candy and then we just turned the
camera no really brave because she goes
too brave I gave her candy and I and
then she goes doing here how I felt I
said yes and then she started talking to
me about the situation but we're about
to reveal to you guys has been really
cool and I said let's record this you
guys okay so you're back literally quit
you don't wear that it's cute this is my
favorite I'm trying to promote the brand
you're wearing one I was already wearing
it you can't find in the car and put it
on that looks like that looks like I was
like could put the product and - you
don't usually wear you look beautiful I
do I usually wear this one I know but
okay you don't care I don't care
we're not fighting hey listen dude I'm
not gonna edit this I don't want to hear
this yes okay I'll stop Scott okay wait
they're not gonna know more okay when
editing I don't want to hit it I'm gonna
come back from that clip and then this
is it oh I'll go into this Dana no you
can't give me that kind of prize oh okay
I don't care first okay one we're gonna
make Oh My heck I don't even talk to you
about the other thing where's my through
notes go there so where's the other note
I had it okay I wasn't a say hold on you
guys we could go till then instead of
March 5th
because that would be a ten-year
anniversary of the very first shaycarl
video okay listen here's what we want to
do October 2nd is coming up in a few
days
yes and you guys I want to take a year
off the internet
okay hold I need to take a year off the
internet
I and I'll explain why but this is the
announcement
starting October 2nd coming in like what
is that four or five days sunday sunday
we're gonna start daily vlogging until
and this is why this is so wrong I'm
like every single day and we're gonna
compete with the likes of them Roman
Atwood Casey nice now we coming at you
boys the vlog father's back you tell me
that dude but they're on top of the game
I feel like we got it we're gonna up the
vlogs the vlogs gonna be great I don't
know that competing is the right word
because I feel like they're they know
yeah I'm not competing but I'm just
saying they are on top of the daily
vlogging game right now right now
uncontested Casey nice tat Roman Atwood
killing it they took it to another level
so I want to take it to that level
mm-hmm I wanna jesse wellens like you
know there's guys like this that took
the daily vlogging thing that I I feel
like a pioneer of I don't like to claim
that I would say so
I'll I guess my avatar say you dude it
feels good to have that like pie in the
eye like being a pioneer I feel like
that's cool but there's some dudes that
took it to the next level and I want to
do that for the next five months mm-hmm
until my birthday my 37th birthday March
5th which is when we started these
Shaytards
okay here let's just fill them we're not
trying to be you know obnoxious here by
not letting we're just like we are
literally turning the camera on and
figuring this out and this isn't a brand
new idea this is something that we have
thought about for a few months yeah we
are game out in front was in the podcast
um I uploaded my very very very first
youtube video ever to the shaycarl
channel on August 16 2007 and if we went
daily vlogging why am i gonna cry you
are gonna cry that's ten years it's a
decade
it's a decade of our lives we were
together for that ten years the whole
point of it is I need I need a year off
I need to smell the roses
matter is leading up a living efficient
machine and Apple honesty
have no privacy you go listen to the
song roses by mr. George Watsky it
explains exactly how I feel about the
internet about you know these daily
vlogs and the question the daunting
question of how long are you gonna do
these daily vlogs with your family
that's I don't know and the kids want to
start channels the kids want to have
YouTube channels they want to be
youtubers they want to be like their mom
and dad days they they get a lot of
self-worth from this and they're asking
me and I told them I said when you're 13
terms of service YouTube rules 13 years
old you get your channel Gavin's gonna
be 13 in a few months and I feel that
it's it's they're not at a fair position
to you know make the decision to become
a youtuber where we're already youtubers
I want to take a year off and I said
this in a podcast recently I want to be
a quote-unquote normal family that
doesn't have this worldwide YouTube
audience and I'm not complaining you
guys we should have started this video
by saying I mean we're not done
obviously we're gonna kill in the next
five months I want to know what it's
like to not be a youtuber I want to know
what it's like to not make these videos
ever it's a weird thing the thing that
we do of making a video and being so
open with so many people is not ordinary
and it's it takes its toll there's
blessings to it but there's also a bunch
of downsides and scary things about it
are we gonna put all of this Oh bother
well why not well I gotta stop it's like
almost ten minutes we got a cut and then
come back because you know cannons they
can't go for longer hold on hold on okay
I literally was cut for ten seconds and
I said is this good and she said it's
really rushed it back too far enough I
like it back like that I'd only see how
chubby I you're not chubby anyways what
is it yeah
sustainable okay what these numbers were
is these are all of our channels we
talked about the 4,400 videos Shaytards
just hit 2.5 billion views
I also added up all of these views we're
almost at three billion total views
amongst all of our 8 YouTube channels if
you basically said I want to watch a
video that Shane Collette have produced
over these eight channels I want to
watch one video a day every single day
it would take you 12.1 years to watch
all of the content that we've made on
YouTube yes um crazy and so it's like
we've done it man we've we've made a lot
of stuff we've put a lot out there on a
baby we've got a lot out on the line and
we've tried to live out loud on purpose
not only for our benefit which i think
is is obvious we've benefited hugely
yeah it's been great blessing and I
think the reason that we have done it
for so long is obviously like the money
has been cool like it's been great to
feel like we're succeeding in something
by seeing these numbers but we feel like
a huge responsibility to you guys what
you guys have said that we have done for
your lives when we meet you at the meet
and greets when you send us letters that
feels great if it feels good to feel
like that we have benefited you really
had a genuine purpose yeah and that
feels and that's really what I've wanted
and now we've come to this it's like how
long how long Shay how long you gonna do
this and so I had this realization when
the kids are like dad we want a channel
and Gavin you know is months away from
it you know me I having already told him
yes you can have a channel in your 13
I'm like whoa do you know do they want
to be youtubers are they wise enough to
make this life decision have I thrust
them too much into the spotlight and so
I just say I need to take a year off the
internet and you know why because what
who said it Tony Robbins it's like if
you think of your biggest fear or
something that terrifies you and you
think oh that scares me you
immediately have to say to yourself now
I have to do that it terrifies me to be
off the internet for a year we don't
have as much money as you think we get
paid making these videos son and we I
mean one of the biggest conversations we
had is like how are we going to run all
these businesses that's the other side
of this I made a list of we have almost
20 people that count on us as business
partners as investment partners as
people that are on our payroll and if we
don't keep rolling these Shaytards logs
out
we don't have enough money to run how
many LLC's do we have enough dude every
time I call my lawyer he's like oh you
want to start another business my
business partner calls me a serial
entrepreneur I'm an entrepreneur slash
business person way before I am an
entertainer or a youtuber but I love to
entertain but I love business and part
of the thing that I'm going to tell you
guys is in the next five to six months
we want to get a lot more transparent
with you I'm gonna see these last
hundred and sixty videos or whatever
this five months is whether we go to
March let's say March mark okay and then
we'll make a video my ten year
anniversary because like even things
like that where it's like well you know
if we went to-- Haga sixteenth that
would be a decade on youtube and that
would be great to say I'm just like no
we've done it we've made four thousand
four hundred and forty seven videos like
why do I have to say it has to get to a
decade cuz it's like that's that's a
clean number a decade it's like no I'm
you know what I'm saying like do you
feel good about this I do feel good I
wanted to say one thing now cuz you were
like you're worried about the money but
I feel like also the identity part of it
oh well a lot of you dude that we'll
ever know we don't have a memory card
but I could go into how I am constantly
like how many views how many thumbs up
how many retweets
how many Instagram likes hey youtubers
don't lie to me it sucks
it's a prison it's an addiction
it's like Watsky says he swears in this
album but he has some great things to
say about you go to the dis this
dopamine well for a cheap hit every time
you get another email text message we've
become slaves refreshed to this internet
thing and if you can imagine making all
these videos and building the audience
that we've built it has taken a lot of
time on the internet and and even just
texting and calling I mean not only have
we talked about this I've consulted with
friends and trusted colleagues about
this idea and the first thing that
everybody says is oh well do you think
you can stay off the internet for longer
than a day shut up yes I hope so she's
like in the corner Internet I needed so
this is our proposal
starting October 2nd here in a couple
days make a video everyday we hit a
heart and we I'm talking 20 minute vlogs
up on time we've never done well at like
a schedule now I'm gonna figure that out
and on October 2nd we will make a video
announcing what the schedule will be but
I'm saying like we're gonna do 20 minute
vlog that will be uploaded at 2 p.m. on
the dot it's gonna be our main focus oh
stop it we're making a very important
video I'm gonna see it as we have a
hundred and 60 more days 160 more movies
to make 160 more opportunities just to
speak to the world and then I want to
take a year off and decide what the next
step is and then after that year uh
that's what I'll say ok kids we've been
a regular family without all of this
YouTube internet craziness what do you
guys want to do yeah do you want to make
a channel and if they say at that time
yeah let's do
then I'm all I'm all for it and I don't
know I mean I still will be doing the
moms view and like my own channel but
like we're talking Shaytards we're
taking a year off and I don't know if
you'll be doing anything I mean I my
personal goal is I'm not gonna be on
email I am NOT gonna be on Twitter you
might see me in a Katy let video I might
show up in a tricks and clothing vlog I
might do I might be out there but I'm
not gonna post anything mm-hmm I want to
do some things I have some I have some
ideas and we'll talk about that yeah
we'll have five months to talk about
what I'm gonna do when I'm not on the
internet for a year and think how scary
that is if you were to do that if you're
like ah it seems impossible doesn't it
to think I am NOT gonna be on the
internet it's like ha ha ha that's why
you like almost me to like you but even
just 10 years ago that would have been
no problem right to not be on the
internet for a year yeah and I think you
know I've been it definitely had my
worries and fears regarding this but I
you know when we talked about it and I
sat and I really thought about what this
means for us and our family I just got
excited I got butterflies and and and it
was like a butterfly feeling like my
life is about to end
it's kind of exciting what's gonna
happen you know what I mean it's like
it's like a sort of uplifting sinking
feeling I appreciate you being on board
and we've gone through the rounds on
this talking about this look at you
you're gonna cry again wanna say like
one thing I've learned from you and from
our relationship and our life together
is it taking risks means growth it's art
here's what art is I want to redefine
art having the courage to have an idea
to have a plan to have some sort of
strategy that just maybe only make sense
to you and you do it you go after it you
say
this doesn't make sense but this is what
I want to do with the time that I'm
allotted while my body is alive on this
earth and what I want to do is I want to
open up to our audience in a whole
nother way that's never been done in
daily vlogging ever before for the next
five months until March 5th
when I turned 37 years old and on my
37th birthday I'm gonna say peace on the
streets now unless I could buy for a
year and and I can't wait I can't wait
for the five months of these videos
they're gonna be crazy and I can't wait
to go for a year without having to
refresh we're not some basic without
havin to refresh a device and just
having that anxiousness of you know are
my numbers up why am i basing my
self-worth off of these YouTube views
you know you know that's one thing that
I thought um it just left
listen let's let's work twenty minutes
into this we've announced it right you
guys get it that's what the plan is I
mean we'll be talking more about this
all this doesn't matter if you don't
like it that made me excited to make
videos again to like one when I finally
like relaxed and thought okay we're into
here I got excited to make nice because
I know what people are saying yes that's
what I'm trying to tell you is you're
cuz you're saying like well you seem
burned out on the videos but now that I
know that we only have five months of
videos and we're gonna open up in a
whole new way that we've never been done
before it's like it wasn't gonna be
exciting and they're like yeah let's go
to so uh there will be a vlog tomorrow
and then we're gonna be off for a few
days I think it will just be a day we'll
see you yeah is it one day what's today
we'll see October 2nd yeah
daily Shaytards logs start October 2nd
and go until March 5th 2017 and then we
will say goodnight
you sweet sweet beautiful channel that
has 2.5 billion views dang dog eyes and
a diffuse okay we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
