you wanna watching the shade toss
Christmas
our Christmas be a shame
the best
that all right I'm finally alone without
the kick so we can actually do some real
shopping get those bubbles out of your
mouth it's not time for Bubba Chloe I
don't get a play with any of these
things yet anyway
I'm getting to that point in time where
I'm a little bit overwhelmed I need to
just leave I hate that when I come and I
forget my list and I think of the things
that I'm like wait did I get this
already oh I was gonna get what was I
gonna get I was thinking about it this
morning and I didn't write it down
make a list you guys if you're gonna go
shopping just make a list put it on a
piece of paper come on you know what
that's not what Christmas is all about
anyways so I'm just going to take what
I've got I'm gonna get out of here and
we're going to sing Christmas carols and
it's gonna be grand right they said okay
I think so
he says yeah mom I love Christmas
because all I'm gonna do is sleep and
eat and sleep and eat and then poop and
I think I need a poop now it's over I'm
not gonna stress about it anymore
we're done I love you so much Merry
Christmas oh he's happy that we're done
shopping now done it's Christmas we have
to celebrate pretty you're soaked out oh
you're going to talk to us now have a
booger can I get it can I get it Oh
mom's getting a bugger
oh but TMI for you guys sorry about that
all right the Shaytards Christmas
special starts out with this present my
presents are in there okay
it is the 2013 Shh arts Christmas
special or startup learn so much today
that watch the grid
you'll wear the stretchy pants are you
having a good Christmas I want to see
Christmas my christmas miles would usurp
safe keep calm and zombie on your where
a zombie shirt on christmas california
little vegetable monger and then casey
keeps sending us pictures from Cabo in
mexico what Haley and Cooper engage in
Logan
yeah that's Christmas sucks by we're not
doing the Christmas special anymore what
should we do let's do something wild and
crazy celebrity Ellis what should we do
mom let's meet as much peace as we can
on the small of our back to lady Sansa
trampy and turn around Steve let's see
that bud yeah all right let's star burn
he's yummy gnome that broccoli is either
teach her brother how to eat broccoli
he's enough man yeah
okay this is entertainment first okay
will you keep one I'm going to throw
this to you then you come here like no
my orange is multi women's and will help
me cover all the jaw
good catch bro if you get off because
okay we were just talking Steve asked me
he's like do you feel pressure to do
this Christmas the Shaytards Christmas
special and yes it's a lot of pressure a
lot of people are tweeting me saying the
only thing I'm excited for this
Christmas is the Shaytards Christmas
special that's a lot of pressure on my
shoulders so I told these guys we need
to keep the energy up we need to keep
the jokes funny
we need a charisma going new hair over
here Christmas kiss will go over here
oh grandma hard grandpa hard make it out
hey good alright we have this kind of
smile hey Mary this is your very first
Christmas of many 2013 was the very
first year what are you gonna do all
those other ears daddy I'm gonna bite
you I know right - yes I am
he'll be back I'm not exploiting your
tears
it's just documentation for the future
to show that you loved your son when he
comes home he'll want to know that we
cried on Christmas Eve dad I expect to
see some tears from you - the vegetable
tray like a big pig start crying for
your son sad
Logan is the first sign we ever had the
empty sea on Christmas that's sure and
it'll be a very I'm sure there's gonna
be a lot of kids or missing home today I
don't so your job is to make up laugh
and make him feel happy and in turn that
will help you how would you send that in
a letter that's good or low you bear has
to be learning about Jesus Christmas Eve
a cherry Training Center it means
amazing the real spirit of Christmas is
definitely being felt you know think
about this I bet you they're all
wrapping up little things that they find
like little stuff to give each other
like fun yeah tell your friends that
story that low and sent us about this
Samoan
Logan wrote us a letter that they were I
said they all live in this apartment
they're in a what's called a district
and so they all like go to school or go
to classes together and learn Spanish
together and they live together he said
at nights when they get back from like
class and stuff they play pranks on each
other so he has this really big Samoan
that's in their district and one of them
was hiding in the closet and went to
jump out and scare him and then
no no this is the story okay you guys
hold on
my mom's gonna tell you the story okay I
don't know after you know they're in
class all day they're still young men
and they still like to screw around
they're 19 years old and so they do
pranks on each other at night and so
they put one of the their companions up
in that what was about the closet I was
in the closet that has a little
offensive man oh when people would come
in or why they would squirt out the vent
the water okay what he said about this
elder he's a huge Simoni said he's huge
Jesus but what you don't know about him
is he's afraid of everything
yeah and so he came in and they squirted
him and he turned around and just put
his fist through the closet punched a
hole in the closet not the missionary
out hit the missionary through the
closet door by punching a hole in the
closet and knocked the missionary out
then he felt so bad he grabbed all the
missionary were shaking him trying to
wiki now as the missionary was knocked
out he was passed out and Logan said he
said I don't sorry to say I didn't
get it on film but it's the coolest
thing I've ever seen yeah I've been a
great vlog footage yeah yeah and then
the bad part is that missionary dies I
joke I'm gonna miss you and you're in
the MTC
oh but don't punch your way through okay
you got a naked baby mom or that naked
baby shower
he doesn't like be naked okay so I'm
starting to bring in some of the
presents to wrap on them so I had to be
careful like a ninja going through the
house you never know who's gonna be
around the corner they're gonna see the
present Carly and Steve are wrapping
presents in here let's go see if they
wrap it you have my Prezi you rabbit my
present right now if I didn't see it's
somebody getting a Christmas dinner
grandpa somebody's somebody's getting a
little special Christmas dinner this is
deer steak oh dear hamburger Zeke you
stay out of there
we're cooking your Christmas Eve dinner
all right you're gonna be rooting
through the trash
grandpa's being nice and cooking you
guys some deer burgers who shot that
deer burger well Vince is Logan Logan C
is providing for our dogs while we're
not yet he's not even here that's been
in the freezer for three years
don't feel like you know it's no good
Santa's look it's is my first Christmas
yes it is your first Christmas what Dad
I wouldn't you would eat this burger
all right so Steve just challenged me to
a hot pepper contest and I said that
sounds like the horrible way to ruin
Christmas but he being the man he has
decided to just go instead and now he's
dr. reeking outlook is that three
gallons of milk in the last 40 seconds
let me see
it's a good bite what's it called to go
it's not a ghost pepper it's supposed to
be four times hotter than a jalapeno
yeah it's like gargling almond milk
makes it better carbs and sugar look at
a vehicle Sarah come in I like your
outfit well my friend
her name's doll Street check her out on
Instagram she made it custom for what
are you making in
I'm gonna get a Denver Broncos
custom-made apron for the Super Bowl
when we win you're not gonna win wrong
is it really hot still Steve I'm so glad
I want him illicit hot peppers and
whenever I see people do that on YouTube
I'm like white you know it's gonna hurt
you know it's gonna be painful
white bring that behind yourself where
he's hitting the jug this glass was just
chuck bull Oh pretty star you wanna bite
at this pepper no no okay you know you
are not you know with 75 this is 475,000
this is 350 tons home on the Scoville
scale that's the hot pepper scale
Ezekiel just had his Christmas deer
steak now he's feeling cozy by the fire
watch are you excited for Christmas you
excited look at all those presents under
the tree getting excited I guess that
means you're excited so it's the time of
the year where the kids come down in
their jammies and we sit here and watch
them it's jammies time this is your
first Shaytards Christmas special
my mom does this tradition every year
where she gets matching pajamas and all
the kids getting matching pajamas parade
around the house I'm ready mom bring him
down let's see this JAMA party I can't
get a whose it wasn't a sneak peek okay
we're ready bring him down you really
hold me tight all the way
okay let's see remove what are those
those monkeys monkeys Panthers cute okay
princess Todd so fancy all right who's
never knew before but now I get it I get
it mom you're the one in a Superman
onesie it's pretty cool let's see your
dance let's see a rock guard do the
dance you're just doing hey what was
your brother dances like that's like
your brother Jacob what you're working
with
dad I wanted to you in a Superman onesie
I don't think so
those men won Vinny for dad grandpa okay
we have a tradition where you get to
open one present on Christmas Eve we
didn't go to the gym this year because
mom decided that we should rent the gym
for New Year's Eve on Casey and Caylee
O'Hara we don't want them to miss out
the gym extravaganza so I know a lot of
you like what about the gym you usually
go jump on trampolines during the change
christmas vegetable or did that on new
year's eve will have a new year's eve
Shaytards Christmas special we jump on
the traplines with Casey Gilley okay
who's opening their present first
okay these are from them to them okay so
these are from each other who's going
first Cooper's you do go ahead dude
who's this from from Prince's turn can
you open it up super me I hope you like
it yes it looks magical
no it's plot force
duh Carly don't you know nothing what's
that well what do you say to your cousin
all right Rock turn go ahead buddy your
turn you've been waiting very patiently
is it gonna be but in his present do you
like it
he threw all the clothes over here like
I don't want this junk you like those
we're spider-man pajamas you want to put
the watch on you know what time it is
well baby tried to help you oh you're a
good big sister there's some Steve the
double box score me what is it what is
it what is it the basement is killing me
pretty frozen do you like it Steve a big
hug and tell him thank you not okay okay
second present
it's an Amazon gift card all kinds of
beauty accoutrement do you like that
yeah put these stickers on your nail and
lip gloss and glitter for your eyes
there you go there's your wings okay
who's this from from Sun tard
- pretty stars little shake arts
calendar she cuz you got to be joking
you got to that's a long and brave we
sold it on eBay already while you're
hugging your brother we sold it Carly's
jealous all right Sun charts turn these
are from rock card he has a great
present choices rock car do you remember
ever you got this burger your brother
what do you think about no
he's at seize on yeah what do you think
did you like those yeah it's a pretty
cool way yeah yeah he's a big boy you
got your spider-man watch on yeah do you
like it
dude that's cool do you like it yeah
okay Simon sighs put your hands on your
side okay put your hands up in the air
okay Simon Says touch the ground
Simon Says do the booty pop all right we
went for a Christmas Eve walk gonna vest
man Geoff a good walk that's a good walk
huh you cold are you armed new arm baby
tart took a spill I know I see come here
let's survey the damage oh she fell on a
rock and then her hands fell in the snow
being tough she's a tough little girl
all right you guys I don't want to tell
youtell tomorrow but that's your
Christmas present I mean it this is our
babies change
I don't care me and Colette are moving
to Hawaii
screw you little brats Carly what did
you do to my son that's writing some
ideas down I told him yet something I'm
sorry l-let me get it off hey unibrow
tard come show your mom your aunt
Carly's been graffiti in on your face go
show your mom the camera thing about
that you can't control Carly she's crazy
and what happened well hi what are you
guys doing you guys are being adorable
did you know that you didn't know you're
being adorable the Grinch is crying
because he thinks you guys are so cute
guys ready go to bed yes sooner you go
to bed the sooner Santa Claus comes are
the ladies ready oh I think we're doing
the pajamas for the ladies now once
Steven we have to go watch this part
dad let's see you do that
oh is it our turn I would take the baby
I will take him let me see the camera
let me see the camera you don't the
whole time we gotta go okay
oh wait he's got to be the walk and a
job that's our dish are you guys ready
hey we're ready okay we're ready they're
making a plan I can have
we're trying to go to the ceiling
she dumps her in the tree yeah okay come
on go straight party stiff as a board
let me step would you lay back yeah okay
ooh together that might be good all
right there did you get one like that
okay let's do it
okay well you got ready it's going to do
it for us on the couch okay it's stupid
look at the camera look at me great
instagrams one more we got these pajamas
on I'm like okay 45 minute Instagram
break fun unibrow your pads are on
backwards dude your tags coming out you
got to go change your pants around
residue another one all right time to go
to bed Santa Claus is coming S on my hat
stands for Superman doesn't talk Santa
and Superman sister Santa 2% man all
right good night saddle will be here in
the morning a few more hours and he'll
be here and then I love you you guys
it's gonna be a magical morning sun card
was getting hot so he wanted to take his
pajamas off but he's like I can't though
cuz it's not as magical okay okay now
who's on the phone it's the Snowman on
the phone yes Brittany who it's Brittany
a travel always put me alright whatever
we're does tonight guys see in the
morning
hey listen up you guys cannot come out
of this room or Santa will hear you if
you guys try to come out of the room and
he's here he will shoot right up the
chimney all right yeah you can fly so
don't come out or you won't get any
presents okay okay you're gonna so much
fun tomorrow okay
I paid out all right good man I love you
guys
Merry Christmas love you all right so we
are gonna open this letter from Logie
Baird open until Christmas morning it
says it's not in the morning what'd she
do Feliz Navidad he's using Spanish a
lot already mm-hmm
Merry Christmas you sure one do this now
not morning mom's cheating she's been
having a hard time hope you guys are
enjoying the holidays without your most
favorite son me but I am having an
amazing time here every single day I am
learning new things such an amazing
spirit here in the MTC especially now
around the holidays time is pretty much
flying by before I know it I will be on
a flight to Argentina
it is cool getting to know all of the
missionaries and to know their stories
it's a bittersweet feeling and watching
them leave leave out but it's amazing as
well it's probably like you know you get
to know somebody and then they leave to
go on their mission dad
this is to you dad you've always been an
amazing role model to me I look up to
you more than you know every time we
talked I learned something new from you
I really have enjoyed the time that you
have taken to spend with me from the
endless hunting and camping trips to the
times you have taken me to priesthood
sessions you have always been there for
me teaching me right from wrong and
listening to what I say I could not have
asked for a better father and example
you are very passionate about the church
and its truthfulness and that has rubbed
off onto me and is a big reason why I
chose to serve a mission you are a great
father grandpa and friend love you with
all my heart
mom you are truly amazing literally I do
not know how you have put up with me for
so long
you do so much for me from the laundry
to the cleaning my room for me from your
endless wallet to endless love for me to
be honest I don't really deserve you you
do so much for me and I never think
thank you enough we were so amazing to
me all of your other kids and to your
grandkids your love and patience but
really your love and patience is endless
your boy loves you I love you both so
much I could not ask for better I'm so
grateful for everything that you to do
for me happy holidays from the MTC moved
to a more elder brother this is for you
guys yes for a pull-up bar for Christmas
they sent it to him why isn't I getting
there by Christmas there's a company a
pig sucks
hmm look at it okay the kids are in bed
the Superman pajamas have been applied
there's retired Superman over here and
Carly has some games for us we should do
that again okay so what is this game
we're playing Carly it's kind of like a
minute to win it but we made up our own
game we're out on games okay what do we
do the first one is the citrus sauce
you're tossing yeah she has to hold the
basket like this and spend slowly and
you have to see it as many fruits issue
oh no I want to throw them I want to
throw them I didn't know the game first
I'll throw my fruit basket wait wait
wait do we take turns throwing no I want
to throw them all right are you okay
what so you have to stand over there and
spin slowly and you have to see how many
first you can get until I'm in the fame
how did you in the face
here we go here we go okay okay ready
wait on your mom okay I got okay so we
got nine and Colette was spinning faster
because daddy's yelling at her to go
fast Steve you can make nine bro I know
I can make sure you can make 99 just
oranges Carly just throws this basket in
the air okay you ready
who has the time your one minute ready
here we go
and your Martin gets that one miss yeah
am I getting Steve's head that's two
misses oh dude you're on a cold streak
all right in the collage doesn't Matt it
doesn't count if you make it in her
shirt Oh Steve do you are you sure you
get nine oh that doesn't count if you
pet
let's go in the basket
I'm taking this one out this one doesn't
count he made that one what this time
babe 33 seconds oh shoot see baby have
you won you can move the bat to five six
seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
domination all right third round grandma
card and Grandpa tard you got to beat 12
to beat the Steve Carr car team yes I'm
just gonna stand back here no okay you
ready
you got the timer oh that's a triple
citrus Oh mom you can't do that
dad why are you throwing four at a time
all right how many did you get three
four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve you beat us well mom was
assisting with the basket we were
throwing eight fruits at a time I hope
they did under a minute parents always
cheatin okay what's the next round all
right so we're doing something with the
Oreos next okay so this is Oreo can you
pick it up though yeah okay we're on the
cheek and you have to somehow move it
into your mouth keep close together so I
can see both you guys on the shot okay
cool let you stay on your hey is ready
baby of the timer ready go oh I have a
beard is that gonna be Wow then seconds
I think as soon as I get said no go oh
oh that was easy
right yeah girl get it girl well that
tongue is lean
there's your EO you can still be mom and
dad disqualify cachet and interrupting
okay next game inappropriate so it's
like whoever does it the fastest okay
good good
you have the timer yes no we have to do
having is that five the fastest okay
wait wait wait all five and where do you
have to put it Carly where do you have
to put the role where you have to set it
on the seat yeah no it has to be on this
seat let's say it's up on the seat well
that welcome to the man's world Carly
sometimes but then you're gonna throw it
or something I'm just trying to think of
ways that mom and dad are gonna cheat
okay on your marks good see who's
protected other areas forty-five
I gotta get a better angle here oh my
gosh how long are you okay
no hands colitis look at them it's like
you guys in a book what's the time
what'd they get oh dang it be outside
shoot we must love each other more well
we got five kids all right grandma
grandpa let's see this all right here we
go ladies and gentlemen oh go what I
want to get a laugh yeah I'm undead
walking away from me Mom I could see
your little Superman dad it's like you
know I know she was gonna do that my
laughing muscle hurts
all right last one
if it's alright I still love you I saw
that looked a mom to like logo telev no
telling Dunst oh that's trying to say
she'd leave all the nice things you're
missionary just said about you okay so
here's what's going on this is the last
round
how much
okay so Steve and Carly and mommy tart
or grandma tart Gravatar are the two
winners and they're tied so this is the
tiebreaker game me and Colette are got
third place so here's what they do they
have one minute and they're throwing
marshmallows into their partner's mouth
and then if they catch em all oh they
have to keep it in their mouth and after
a minute they're gonna spit it into the
bowl and see how many marshmallows they
have you can't swallow the marshmallows
because we're the most whoever asked the
most at the end wins
babe you ready on the timer okay one
minute and dad was trying to get off
marshmallows mouth before yeah let's
check make sure he has no hidden Mallos
okay ladies ready you have one minute to
get the most marshmallows on your smarts
get set go
that's better than a tip the data that
the data that the data you got to keep
them in your mouth after you catch one
dad I saw that we gonna get some clothes
Oh whoo I add the collar sorry mom this
is for the vlog dude going down low
what's the time babe
nine eight seven six
okay stop stop the bolos okay come here
wait wait wait okay wait sit up in there
okay Oh Carly and Mario makes it speaker
it's your job to count them let's just
look having Steven I think there was
winners yeah okay just tell by looking
they got more steve has Oreos all over
all right so the Steve and Carly when
the appearance awards congratulations
good job good job and the kids are
probably upstairs singing what the heck
is going on it's midnight it's 12:30 at
night
you
like Santa game so I snuck down here
before the kids woke up I wanna show you
guys so excited
okay here's rock guitar spider-man Iron
Man and Batman with the knives in his
hands and then a scooter and is cuter I
had a spider-man I'm watching pads
what's this does he mean oyster million
burst facial scrub must be a hint all
right son card gets jewelry made easy
this is their bracelet back the future
trilogy no way I love that tactic Gramps
it's holy crap that's a sweeper ramp
skateboards that's a nice pogo stick a
hockey stick oh cool he's gonna be at me
at a gel in no time
another stocking that's awesome hockey
balls and Boomer blades and a dead dog
what a lucky little boy this baby toys
get the scooter and some socks and a
stocking and some new
Oh sparkling scooters all right good
morning what I keep doing Mitch because
I did one here said I thought it was
freaky rock hard
Santa Claus came he's tired isn't one
awake oh wow hey Santa Claus came we
want to come down and see your presents
he came Santa Claus came and brought you
press box art doesn't care buddy
Santa Claus came and brought you some
presents do you want to come see him huh
we'll come see Santa Claus presents rock
cards refusing to be jolly on Christmas
morning did you have a good Christmas
Eve slumber Carly you're getting closer
we're waiting for a rock hard to wake up
maybe maybe we should go back to bed oh
yeah let's do that until he wakes up
no oh come on guys no well we can't wait
looking far away there there the clothes
rock juice the present Danica come on
let's go hurry Superman Santa Claus he
just came you ready guys we'll just have
to wait super watch it a train yeah okay
I say we just go back to bed until he
wakes up I mean if he's not ready then
we can't go without him
defconn Carly it's not your turn yet all
right all right let's go I am dragging
you down the stairs you're gonna be part
of this Christmas whether you like it
okay we ready here we go
okay I'm gonna take these all right what
do you think what's that Rocco can you
tell what they're like what is going on
okay I think that you need to look look
at names oh my goodness look at us look
at who came his dad he died
that's just darling
dude he looks so sassy what does that
say it says something
where's the baby looks like this one was
for the baby
you know what you ask Santa for awesome
come on cool like that white need help
but you look so cool in this helmet here
we go oh well he's already crashing into
stuff okay go get on out of here
got all kinds of transportation devices
didn't you do you like it you tell him
Niels rollerblades I wouldn't go to
delete if you guys want a while we're
here Taylor Swift Taylor Merry Christmas
Olivia
Merry Christmas looking about your nerf
gun like how he moves his arms I don't
know what's happening it's an American
girl like book set wow what is this
thing what is it it's a red band
bracelet it's really famous at school
it's really famous it just walks around
whatever you want me to picture with
it's really popular what does it do oh
wow
alright you guys better be at the top of
your bracelet game okay we want you guys
to be little bracelet entrepreneurs at
your school you guys need to run that
school nobody should sell more bracelets
than you guys okay okay you're taking
the fun out of it dad
you need to be bracelet kingpins all
right now it's rubber band I'm gonna
break that down he's playing hockey
already going out on the street and
practice your slap shot maybe some of
these Canadian people watching this
video can help you
so he insisted unless it's a good check
into the glass then you get five points
Merry Christmas Barry curses I love you
I get necklace I'm gonna come over from
too much milk last night he's not in the
Christmas spirit bah humbug dad too
early look bro tard
you got your first Christmas - okay what
show me a break
oh did break my wish came u s-- closed
it too hard
well guys you're very blessed
there are so much because I love the bad
Kitty book there's there's so fun to
read they showed emails and pictures
where you're looking at how he did yeah
let's see Logan bear sent us some
pictures yeah I took you to it classic
classic the trilogy
you do he's more excited about the
Sox they all love you buddy
I love you it's a good hug you're
welcome Merry Christmas thank you Dad
see your watch Eve's next part of that
cuddle sandwich please write on their
face like a jealous cute produced
started that all by herself
it took her ten years mom and should the
tunnel out of the prison to make that
thank you
Christmas jerk jokes are dead family I
hope you have a good Christmas and you
have a good time in Idaho and I love you
and I can't wait to move back to Idaho
oh thank you honey come give me a hug
that's nice
stars are present by the way why don't
we move on fire All Right girls open
your present
this is for mom and dad what do you
think
there's no place like home there's no
place you're welcome
I've never seen those in my life I've
never your mama hog goes in from your
mom Christmas dress this is from me okay
she don't like that design and you get
another shiny nights out on the town
when you don't want to dress up too much
but you want to have a little glare and
sparkle I got lots of shiny nights on
the town love you so much I love these
shoes open up another one go ahead this
is for me too
they bought you lots of presents
I think I bought you 700 shows you one
of those right that's what I asked for
after I already bought you three pair of
shoes I saw those I'm like oh yeah this
is what she wanted yeah all the way put
them on and see if they're soft enough
yeah I did you like yeah
rocford all right Rock doors open in his
first present excited talk to us about
your emotions right now
oh what's that the book oh do you think
buddy
do you ABC's you got a sucker do you
like it yeah good that's all that
matters well you did just get it for
Christmas you got it for Christmas this
is Christmas we are experiencing
Christmas as we speak days be merry and
bright and may all white I like this
shirt yeah this is the ball here no
really really good I like that shirt
thank you babe this around they saw that
the mall here I thought I only have it
very yeah dude nobody actually got that
at the Sports Chalet really I always
always oh thanks love you Merry
Christmas all right this is from Shay
Carl and I don't know what colors you'd
want I know you're sassy style be match
or matches they have styles in your name
oh those are cute
oh I love sparkles silver go ahead with
every box you donate well those are cute
oh snap oh why those are cute and
different good job brother
yeah I love them if they fit put them on
we have three for curly speeds
oh that's cool that's nice Carl is no
way a before picture dad Wow Harley
that's what you win the Christmas
present oh my gosh look at that that's
awesome look at how handsome he is
you're so lucky more that is yeah that's
a good idea Carly
you got a book with all of our pictures
we don't see that one duties turn into a
werewolf mad props sister that's a lot
of thoughts money on family futures but
you framed them and put them on your
house and no one sees them so now you
can take this book page Merry Christmas
this is for me this just from the shade
it's so pretty I just open it there's
two I think I literally bought 12 pair
of shoes those are a little sassy dad I
don't know if you can handle that I have
like exercising these I was looking like
an exercise here lightweight too
okay let's check these out this ones are
not nasty oh they're sweet that's a good
work low and flat and a little beanie
hat - beanie hat oh that's very
thoughtful I am equipped perfectly there
you go
Michael Jordan get out of the way need
to register for your first marathon
hilarious and walk all right you guys
ready open these presents okay go ahead
them all
what did you what did you get did 3df
that wanted to be charged and it says
Emmys Kindle list has books here you
watch books and movies babe show for it
to start how to turn her vodka oh I have
a stomachache your knee seriously went
right in my male reproductive organ my
Superman jammies didn't protect me mom
what kind of games did you get vs Angry
Birds Batman two rings dude maybe we can
premiere this on fam cave huh nice I
think rock star will be playing with
this in no time you have the iPad the
iPad yours you just play with the iPad
okay and then this is videos has all
like different videos like people odium
Disney and stuff do you like it dude
okay which one should I open first
maybe we should open this from Steven
Carly and he says that part of this
present is in Boise but it's cool a bad
roller what are you trying to say I'm
gonna use that yeah I've never actually
seen one of these before with them with
the rivets like I bought you pain for
Christmas and the other part is wireless
headphones no way oh no way well 2014 I
need to set some major Fitness Bulls I'm
gonna try to do an Ironman what
something that sounds like a lot of time
and work and thanks guys I appreciate it
thanks Steven Carly all it cost you was
your baby
I know mom I am the best present rapper
in the world I wanted a shark I figured
since you're living in my house I want
to keep it clean this might be a good
present for you Yeah right there nice
I've got hardwoods and carpets and tiles
so good if you have breakfast you can
get right to work okay
that lame mom little lame president
well I've heard about Karen Kirkman
Gatlin alright this is from me I made
some style choices I hope little red
riding cuteness yes salmon I would not
buy her a salmon coat for the life of me
shut your I like it I like it already
oh yes your wife doesn't wear those
pants and then you good why yes'm
apparatus disease get used to I'm ready
for this perfect do you think I did mom
do you like this car tied up in a way
that I can't get it out not
I know you like those I was oz it down
east outfitters you I did pretty good I
was only married in there for 20 minutes
oh really I just pulled some faster I
like my man by man like him oh this is
my favorite is so happy you know summer
in our work she has a bag that has
straps and I love it every time I see it
and I always wanted one thank you so
much you have one more present alright
so here's your last present this is the
curveball present this is the secret
card up my sleeve
remember I was telling you needs a
cowgirl up it's done you need the
cowgirl up a little bit there look at
that
you didn't look what you haven't you're
my ears are duck wouldn't get oh what is
this
okay wait George Strait York straight
you need that house is the card up your
sleeve tickets like months ago well you
know the biggest fan in the world it's
your brother yeah I tried to buy her him
he sold him did you that rat yes
so wait yeah did you get some too yeah
are we going with that yeah you didn't
tell you guys this is awkward Casey he's
in Cabo Casey called me we're gonna go
to see the king we're gonna go see Garth
Brooks he said he's putting on the
biggest concert he keep everybody's
going on this next year 2014 this is
George Strait last tour yeah it's called
the cowboy rides away tour get online
and do it I don't know why Casey he just
KC texted me hey you see this no I am
coming for you I don't have excited and
I want you to get the tightest pair of
Wranglers you can find Baker's western
wear okay
we are about to get a present from
Grandma and Grandpa thar we don't know
what it is they say we're going on a
field trip okay where do we go mom
here we go everybody come on baby tard
baby darn
turn off your Kindle whatever technology
and come on come on come on put it down
push pause come on let's go we're going
we're Commun we're going to find a
present that grandma was giving us come
on bring the baby walk over to the
fishing pole go fishing in the dark you
babe you look cute in your hat lock it
give you up all right
these right there no more yeah you look
so noble in that pajamas
okay okay we're opening the cards Merry
Christmas
Karl and I bought our trampoline same
case you're only five and six that trip
brought us a lot of fun watching TV
nights watching movies and stars hope
your family will make as many memories
as ours we don't know where you guys
want your shift and KC ship we grew up
with a trampoline yeah what do you say
to Grandma the best gift ever you do
have and that ladies and gentlemen is
the longest Shaytards Christmas special
in history I hope you liked it I hope it
was everything that you were hoping for
this holiday season we had a blast this
will be a video that I will be able to
look back on for years to come and
remember such a happy holidays we really
did man we had a blast with the games
and just the kids opening their presents
I'll probably watch this at least ten
times over the next year so should you
that's a great idea so if you want to
see the shades hard Christmas special
one two three and four they're hanging
right there on the fire we now have five
Shaytards misol x' and they are all very
meaningful to me so please I appreciate
a thumbs up this video took about
nine hours to edit that doesn't include
exporting and importing and uploading
and all the ings of YouTube please tweet
it Facebook it share with your friends
if there's anybody you know that wants
to watch half of somebody else's family
that sounds ridiculous doesn't it uh I
just appreciate any love you guys give
to the video alright well Merry
Christmas we love you and we hope you
have the best holiday season from all of
us Butler's to your family we love you
and we'll see you tomorrow
