hi login here alright I'm editing
today's vlog and Captain Christmas is
here it's time to go shopping we're
gonna go buy well the kids drew names so
we have to buy the names for the kids to
the door wait what we have to buy things
for the names the kids the drew yeah
okay yeah well you go and you have a
shop test me my shopping is all done
you're so good just sayin alright you
take this camera with you and you go
shopping okay I want to come with you I
have to stay here and work and do my job
well you can come later or I'll let you
go later so you can rest up for me I do
actually still need to buy your present
I knew that that's why is that it about
anything for me just saying I only spent
a hundred bucks apiece so right what do
you mean we promised we pinky swore
little bit you spent more than a hundred
bucks
we made it a bet we met a bitch oh look
stop trying to change the subject we
made a pact that we'd only spend a
hundred dollars on each other pact it
was a binding pact accident okay if you
spent more than that means you get less
so I'm only spending $80 on you fine
uh-huh
I'm spending a hundred on zekiel cuz he
loves me
okay so bro chart baby turn and I are
out battling the shopping it's so
crowded here we're at Walmart I think
we'll get out of here soon enough
are we gonna be stuck in here for hours
let's hope not okay corn dog queen whose
name do you have and remember you do two
good things you have low tide proud hard
yes you have the baby's name so she gets
to pick out for the baby and we were
gonna bring son tar because he has
princess cards names
she hates shopping he loves it every
time we have to go shopping is like how
long how much longer
I can't do it oh I told him he didn't
have to come because I didn't want to
deal with that so I'm gonna help him
pick out something for a princess charge
who has your name maybe charge do you
know Cooper Cooper so Cooper's gonna buy
for you princess trans gonna buy for
Cooper and bro chart is buying for Rocco
and of course rock card is buying for
centaur which I will help him as well we
all know that mom helps a lot with these
things right
oh snap guys look what we found yes
who's gonna love us rocks hide oh I do
that I didn't wanted to spider-man want
yes so this is for rock tart from bro
tard because he has his name oh I cannot
get their name straight you guys I
cannot have any more kids because I
can't tell them all apart I'm so sorry
about that but I'm so excited we found
this rock tarts gonna love it what do
you think they were tried you seeing
anything
little bro charger crochet you're like
well that's something you would like
we're not having really like classic
move I do it too oh I like this oh no
I'm not shopping for me Zeke you
watching your favorite movie with
Grandpa oh yes you are he's watching the
doggy movie Dagon movie puppy no dad
are you making all my dog again now
we're just getting to know each other
better
that's good join a little coffee shop
he's just sitting here watching the dog
movie always a crazy boy and it's not
snowing we first got here there was snow
but now it's like melting cuz it started
to rain we need to have a white
Christmas Idaho Idaho you're better you
track together I'll be pug your face
it's kind of like grainy snow it's
trying to snow but most of the snow it's
melting
Kobe what are you gonna do about this
well it smells good mama grandma's
making sugar cookies
I mean ginger snaps my dad I just got
yelled out there ginger snaps okay baby
tarts decided what she wants to give him
is this what you want for sure yep it's
a bath for him a bathtub because you
want to give him bath huh sister mom
doesn't let them because I have to hold
him in the sink but you could help bath
him and he was in this huh yeah cool
patty so Casey got us all George Strait
country tickets he texted me a few weeks
ago he's like hey let's get the girls
concert tickets to go to George Strait
it's his last tour ever in Los Angeles
so I thought it'd be funny to get
Colette a pink cowboy hat with George
Strait concert tickets
funny right and happy Merry Christmas
all right I got mommy tart a pink cowboy
hat I think she's gonna open it be like
what thank you
one of those Christmas presents that's
like you were not expecting to get a
pink cowboy hat I think it'll be fun
when Casey texts me he was looking at
those tickets I'm like yeah get them
they will all dress up like major cowboy
I told him I said I'm gonna get the
tightest Wranglers I can find Wranglers
we're all gonna dress up like cowboys
and go to this concert so what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna print off the concert
tickets and then I'll put them inside
the Hat and then when she opens the Hat
she'd be like thanks it's a feet cowboy
hat babe were going to the George Strait
concert that's what you're gonna need
when we go to the concert all right I
gotta go find some more stuff Christmas
is in two days people I'm doing the
worst kind of Christmas shopping there
is right now the kind of Christmas
shopping where you have no idea what
you're going to look for you're just
gonna go walk around the mall and hope
something like pops out at you never
goes good well that way cuz you're like
I don't know I don't know nothing ever
does we're gonna hope that today it does
going into the vortex I'm going into the
mall two days before Christmas here we
go I bet you my dad would love one of
these okay that's good let's go let's
get out of here I had a mall Walker look
at me very concerned I grabbed that
caution sign and this lady's little old
lady who's walking around look at me
like you can't take that here is okay
next gift on the list is a Shawn steamed
floor cleaner ask my mama more a mom
just tell me what do you want cuz I want
a sharp like funny mom right I'll just
go get your big aquarium and a shark but
no she wanted one of these look this bad
to get your mom floor cleaning device
she said she really wants one like
cleans carpets and tiles and stuff so
there you go mom you got a cleaning
device for Christmas look whose car I'm
driving around town oh lo Guilbert
driving his little red wagon okay so I
did pretty good I pulled the trigger on
a lot of options at the zoomies here at
the mall you can't go wrong with shoes
right people like cool shoes so I got uh
Carly and Colette and Steven Carly's
boyfriend and Sun tarde awesome presents
all guys awesome shoes got bags full of
shoes back there I'm gonna be in trouble
for mommy tart because we made a
that we'd only spend a hundred bucks on
each other and I think I've like doubled
that maybe even tripled it am i get in
trouble cuz we promised each other like
we're only spending $100 on each other
but it's Christmas like yeah help but I
see something like oh I get that forward
to I may get that forward to and I'm
like oh I'm over the budget oh I'm in
trouble so I'm gonna get yelled at my
mommy tired but I'm stopping I'm done
now I am very pleased with some triggers
that I pulled today you know sometimes
you've got to pull that trigger it's
like what I'd to pull the trigger sling
that guns what's that movie that's a
line from tunes to tombstone draw that
smoke wagon and go to work why Johnny
Tyler mad cat where you going with that
shotgun and then I got like at least
eight hundred shrimp I don't consume in
the back there but I am happy I really
am happy and pleased with a lot of my
purchases I think it's gonna be a Merry
Christmas
here I am in the little red wagon it's
like my sleigh I'm Santa this is my
sleigh and I got a filled with crack
watch your skin that smoke wagon I go to
work okay look what I'm doing
oh crap coming all the presents in here
are in here I don't want anybody peek it
is I'm putting this sheet over the car
mom get out of here
when looking guys are trying to ruin
your Christmas and wrapping the presents
don't ruin Christmas why are you trying
to ruin Christmas ruin Christmas month
get a debt get out of here see a box top
looking finish ruining Christmas oh
another room cruises I'm closing my hey
princess tizzle you're getting spankin I
think I just found a lice egg in my
gorgeous locks and homey don't play that
I'm have to shave my head and I don't
look good with the shaved head I look
bald when I shaved my head
I still lose hair is anywhere we're
professionals with this hey you need to
go read the comments there's like a
thousand comments of people telling you
like the best ways get rid of lice and
then cut in the vlog guess what chicken
was an expert but I've got it figured
out mommy
tart has a routine down routine and I
kids some that smells like black
licorice the stuff she uses smells like
blood so there's all sorts of natural
remedies are like mayonnaise cover it
with olive oil like you can do a lot of
things but this is what we're doing
today so we'll wait for Carly and Steve
come over command somebody's here
we're gonna go go-karting or do
something fun okay okay exhibit a
Exhibit B let's see your sweater mom
that is that oh yeah I like here's the
best thing are you all alright so Carly
got us these sweaters for Christmas
wait I have some snowman and later his
fear looks when we walk out public but
okay snowman or dance and check it I got
my gingerbread house which is your bread
shoulder guy what a giant developer I
need an effort burden Arisa have a holly
jolly Christmas it's the best time of
the year I don't know if that will be
snow but have a cup of chai not vlog
today collect so I know what you're
thinking you're thinking Shay how do you
bring the presents that you bought for
your kids all the way from California in
a van with five children I'll tell you
how it's called online shopping good job
this is an Amazon commercial mommy tried
with a little crazy so these are all the
kids presents we're gonna go through
them tonight
so that we see if they have enough laid
out and then of course Santa will bring
his I think they have enough well we got
five kids you know it's a lot of prisons
I don't have to get rid of all these
freaking boxes dad's job is tough so
what do you think we spoil them enough
so the question is how do we get all
this crap back to California it looks
like we're going to have to rent another
trailer and then we get another flat
tire on the side of the road in Salt
Lake City and we're going to be stranded
bottom your face I'll bottom what are
you humming you're cute what do you get
me for Christmas
yeah I think I like that sweater you
guys want to know what I'm grateful for
this year I'm grateful for you guys
watching our videos it means a lot to me
I notice as a youtuber any youtuber says
they don't do this man and I am I get on
every day to youtube.com slash Shaytards
and I look at our views it like kind of
gives me a gauge of how well we're doing
and it's encouraging to see people
watching the content that you create and
so when I get on here and I'm like dude
the Christmas concert gone psycho vlog
got 320,000 views and just like the one
takes Sunday which was yesterday which I
thought was not that good of a video
like that only had already has two
hundred and thirty two thousand views
it's very encouraging every video has
been getting over 300,000 views on each
one they're averaging like three twenty
three fifty three forty anyone with old
rough decks what's his name bro tard
that's almost four hundred thousand
three hundred twenty three thousand four
then I won four hundred thirty five
thousand views that is so crazy grandma
but she's gonna get a lot of views cuz
of her boobs I do not want you to think
like oh she's bragging it gets a lot of
YouTube views I'm not I am so grateful
like it just there's some it's almost
unhealthy actually I feel like it could
be considered unhealthy that a lot of
times my mood
based on how many YouTube views I have
like if I get a video with a lot of
views I'm in a better mood it's funny
how like the views our debt directly
connected to my feelings this is that
bad day that an unhealthy relationship
to have well it's like this is my job
you know like you gauge how well you're
doing at your job and for us it's like
how many people watch our videos it
means a lot to me so thank you I
sincerely appreciate it you make me
happy
and then last Christmas we hit 1 million
subscribers on Shaytards last Christmas
we're at one point we're almost at 1.8
million subscribers if we could hit I
think I was like by the end of the year
last year if we could hit 2 million this
year I'll be awesome subscribe so
somebody was playing with Molly all day
and got really dirty now they have to go
back yeah you need to take a bath you
here and dirty but no knock it out stay
you want to get back that's a big garden
no put your foot back in there no stay
put your foot back in put it back in
right now get your foot your giant
oversized Great Dane claw and put it
back in the tub put it in there Zeke put
it back in there good boy
hop really left
you're getting a bath they can monster
face throughout the Jets are my bubbles
your bubbles okay I'll beat your bobbum
you're so feared to such a big puppy
ever Holly Jolly Christmas I love you
thanks for watching and click on the
stockings alma singing watch yesterday's
video click I'm not feeling lucky button
thumbs this up and leave a comment
tomorrow is the Shaytards christmas
special i hope you like it
alright I'll stop singing love you guys
Merry Christmas Eve right hope you guys
get everything you want
and have a happy holidays in a joyful
new year we'll see you guys tomorrow it
might be a blade it's gonna the
Christmas special takes me a long time
to edit how long should it be what you
guys think
20 minutes 10 minutes three hours we'll
see alright we love you guys see you
tomorrow Merry Christmas
