hi login here
alright it's breakfast a lady with
breakfast or better cook today
so for rocker no bliss plan we did not
believe it
Oh sort of oh yeah we really like hotels
the surprises in the morning cuz we're a
big family only lots of food so we're
heading to our continental breakfast I
told the kids to watch they're trying to
look oh yes it's Christmas this were my
first things I eat fruit first well I
don't know me or me we got this waffle
maker but it's taking a long time so
we're trying to be patient what are you
gonna eat a little bed I'm just gonna
have some more milk and that's more milk
up about this milk for dessert we've
been reading a super superduper a long
time for our life and so I'm just going
to check on it even though it hasn't
finished and it doesn't say I don't want
it puts a date but we've been waiting
for a really long time
let's check it
oh no my brothels not working yeah I
don't think it's working but this is
really exciting
smooshy laughing so the guy who's
working a breakfast saw that the waffles
didn't work so he fixed the machine and
lovely too just brought up oh my
goodness that's so sweet
now we get to have a couple things
excited yeah excited you know I have the
best helper in the world Batman you are
strong you ready you ready bro tard
wanna make our last journey to Idaho you
guys will see grandma yeah grandma
doesn't allow those picking in the house
just so you know she'll cut your finger
up she's not afraid so cut that finger
right there that nose-picking finger
she'll cut it right off okay let's go
pick it up brings eats food you're such
a good helper you're strong thanks to me
strong you are so strong I'm impressed
you're pressed bro toward dude your
little brother's impressed okay so
before we head out on our trip we have
instructions we're supposed to open this
present from baby tire this is for both
of us she didn't want us to open it
since yesterday but were like hold on we
got to get a Tanabata blah so now she
said this morning before we leave we
have to open the president came out me
tart I'm opening this for the both of us
I can't wait to see what it is oh my
freaking goodness gracious pardon my
language look at that is this a cookbook
look that's your class could but recipes
Oh giggles guaranteed Joey's pizza I
want to have some of Joey's pizza
where's yours on here loofas have a
recipe yep what where is it hold on I
want to find out all right here they are
Emmys chocolate-chip cookies first you
get a bowl pour in cookie mix crack the
eggs then put them in put in 40 chopped
for eat chocolate chips exactly mix for
40 minutes
get cookie pan pour in cookie dough you
have to mix it for 40 minutes that's a
long time to be mixing cookie dough pour
in cookie dough bake it for three
minutes at
78 degrees can be well mixed doughy
cookies take it out cut them into
circles cook them for 3 more minutes and
eat them all right we're gonna try these
we should try this recipe you see how it
turns out I love it maybe tard and that
is a cute little book thank you thank
you for the present
that's a first Christmas present of the
year I love it don't you
my arms will be tired from mixing those
cookies for 40 minutes Wow okay
like prizes a snowman
yeah did you see what it looks like
outside
we're in Utah and there's definitely
going to be a white Christmas Tom lake
but I was driving carefully happy don't
lay slow like a picnic and a button nose
what the cut button no it's the new
version Bobby knows oh yeah buddy you've
got a bunny in your hat like the
magician on frosty so for that he's
making hats out of dishes froggie dishes
nonetheless hey buddy my hat
look look there he is
check it out dude this is a whole train
village look at this it's not cool huh
can you guys get to go eat his
vegetables
here comes there he is there's Thomas
you could be there goes around the
entire restaurant
hey talk so cool
we're cool CJ various drops we're in
Lehi Utah and this restaurant has a
train that goes around the entire place
and it is probably the best I'm not
exaggerating best way pains that I've
ever seen
this flashy lights there's bridges it
goes everywhere I wanna set my camera on
that train so bad I think I might lose
it if I did those spare clothes
I try but my camera on the train I'm so
tempted to let's see if I can find a
good spot to put it I want to get yelled
at - so cool
they work there goes right over our
heads I can't get enough of this train
is right through the restaurant just
cruising through dude you guys we're
just at this restaurant side beer where
to go where is it 3 xxx xxx well there's
a deer it's a reindeer this is first
time seeing snow he's kind of freaking
out what he's attacking me he's gonna
attack me
there's a deer there's a deer right now
there's a been a snow fight that it's
broken out and baby towards getting the
front on a Hummer brother
cold like that was Oh hip behind me
without cold rock cards getting in on it
too you guys are so polite you're gonna
be so cold we get in the car turn around
issues today don't throw it on my camera
turn around on it to your hair don't
push you in there you're gonna be
soaking wet foot princess tard go back
to California you're crazy
oh right to the day Nicole yeah yeah
does snow let me see your face all right
get the bed let's go shall we night oh
yeah dude cuz I'm really getting sick of
driving
go down Jen you're up um Mary hey what
do you ask Santa for Christmas
that's an xbox you think you're getting
ripped off I think they're excited to
see Santa Claus you know talk to Santa
how many times have you talked to Santa
this year do you agree excited to see
Santa
yes Xbox there's Santa Claus all right
look it R up there you can ask Santa
Claus for something a pony or a pony
we look concerned look at that who's the
guy in the red crow to it oh look at all
the kids this that looks pretty cool
where'd you get that
yes'm okay
what she stole some socks grandma you
look skinny do a dance for us real quick
hello my honey hello my darling hello my
ragtime girls send me a kiss by wha
baby my grandma there's children here
with shaking your thoughts on Santa
grandmas shaker Tatas inappropriate up
first is Cooper Carly that's your son
hey I'm doing it with him oh you're
getting too big for Santa's lap look at
him he's such a big boy he wants peace
on earth would you ask for parents ever
sticky not getting any of that
next up Grace's dad
this is rote arts very first what do you
want for Christmas buddy hey everything
I already has that his mom gives it to
him oh that's cute
tell him what you want for christmas
soon we can come up with
don't thank you tell me what you want
what do you want
telling over Christmas Piderman watch
she did want a robot at one time do you
guys want to know how awesome my nephew
is my nephew Andre up top oh what's that
you rockin some SC beard tard supreme oh
yeah nice cool car bro cooler shoes
guys this is my shoes got my socks on my
shoes on I'm just outfitting this whole
family aren't I his mom took pictures of
our calendar huh yep high-five too slow
oh what'd you get
throw that here go on I'm hit in the
head I'm gonna hit some me in the head
not a good decision
nice care plan pity
oh we aren't one shot a person yeah this
is fun actually I know yeah I know that
County Mexico you're - that's my shot oh
you're setting me up
go make it in your own point that's a
two-stroke penalty she's trouble what's
this one do you want
here we go there we go yeah three one
this is too nice downtown
from the post here we go there we go
there we go there it is I got some rings
you know what's it for z1 boom Shakalaka
shaycarl wins are you on - all right
this is the kitchen vacuum machine how
many kids does it take to vacuum a floor
hey seven and okay that's a big vacuum
that's a big vacuum you're doing a good
job
what are you doing ma'am come over from
the Christmas party it'll tell me dreams
she has a problem we're gonna have an
intervention on Christmas Eve don't tell
anybody
wait scare me scared you scared you
beautiful things debit card swipes I
thought you missed ice no mall dad in
the head cuz well we're not gonna show
that cliff okay reported dead would mean
remember more at that one place not one
time you're like you can't put this on
the internet okay yeah you fill that out
don't cut it out you say thank you
why you laughing
is your sit your aunt Carly is a weirdo
face do you need anything I don't think
so I like that sugar well yeah we
thought Merry Christmas and we're back
in Idaho feels good can't wait to have
the holiday season dooby doo hey if you
guys want a calendar today is the last
day they're gonna be shipping them
before Christmas I have been seeing a
lot of your tweets on the tweet stir of
people who have gotten their calendars
are already if you get your calendar
send me a picture I want to see a
picture of where you put it in your room
with you don't just send me a picture of
the calendar I know what it looks like I
signed like 1300 of them I want to see a
picture of you with your calendar tweet
those to me they're exciting to see
let's see what the Shaytards doing one
two three four years ago Christmas
special coming up
I know Casey and the family will be here
but we're gonna make it fun you guys
don't worry it's gonna be a great
Christmas Shaytards special love you
guys obviously tomorrow
