what's that baby crying for the fields
we go in a one-horse open sleigh dashing
through the snow bells on bobtails ring
making spirits bright fun it is to ride
and sing a sleighing song tonight Oh
jingle bells jingle all the way what's
up one takes Sunday mom where you go
where you at my mom hey there she is fat
I don't like it when I feel fat hey
you're spoiled
only like supposed to be upheld by the
law remember when Trevor oh oh threw up
in there right now gorgeous just like
your mom look at me
all right I know okay so we're getting
ready for our annual Christmas party at
my grandma's she does a party every year
where we have Santa and dancing and lots
of food so I can feel fatter guys 2014
gonna hit it hard Center
oh yeah I think it's downstairs yeah
let's go let's get out of here
Hey so we got here late last night
probably like 11:00 11:30 and I was
exhausted from all the driving and then
it's church today and now we have to
drive an hour to my grandma's Christmas
party check it out actually be careful
when I can show you this is a letter
from elder Logan Butler that we cannot
open until Christmas morning
so it's hanging on the Christmas tree
that's gonna be our Christmas present
from Logan on Christmas morning
huh Zeke and Zeke was a good boy from
the whole the whole drive here mystery
nice I like white trees it's cool baby
tarick's say something to us
that little boy likes Christmas more
than anybody are you guys ready for
Christmas are you at home with your
families we're excited to be here he's
not stopping us singing his Christmas
singing so yesterday when we got here I
was late at night and my mom and dad
were still up and we're sitting there
talking and I saw a rock tart over there
looking around the Christmas tree it was
like looking underneath the Christmas
tree and he comes up to me and he goes
dad where's my present after you got
done looking underneath the Christmas
tree I said don't worry buddy
we'll put a lot of Christmas presents
under there I think he's more excited
for Christmas than anybody else's you
excited for Christmas buddy what do you
want for christmas you wanna what
oh boy now you want a spider-man watch
yeah that's a new one I thought you
wanted a robot hey do you want a robot
you don't want a robot you sure you
can't change your mind when you say you
want some for Christmas what do you want
for Christmas Fair rollerblades BOGO
second
yes logos what do you want for christmas
I haven't gotten you anything yes I want
I want a new car
yeah okay hey um what where's Carly uh
art is always late so we gotta go
you're not getting a cat or an iPod or
an I punch I punch your iPod I don't
care if I don't get it in watch hey
let's watch okay what do you think Roy
wants for Christmas
would you say that's what I want too
well we hope you guys have a very very
Merry Christmas I was listening to a
podcast I would just feel like I have to
have some sort of like message for you
guys I wouldn't take Sunday it's like a
spiritual message whoa I don't mean to
be greedy but can I take before you take
me down there yeah yeah we brought a
bunch of socks what do you do with them
did I tell you I gave them to my
co-workers and they absolutely love them
they're great saw everybody's fighting
over them you know I can't they're doing
won't take Sunday I can't rap don't drop
him
you're in trouble can't take grandma's
balls off the tree will be in trouble
here's the here's the message for today
be happy I was listening to a podcast
and a lot of times we're just not happy
that's such great advice what's the
scripture Christ says be a big cheer for
I have overcome the world
what is that scripture leave in the
comments who knows oh man awesome
looking out for I turn it on you have
good cheer yeah just be of good cheer
it's the holiday season all right this
one takes Sunday it sucks
no no grumbles that are giving a wreck
Strabo get to the wreck every time she's
almost no you know your grandma's been
in 197 wrecks goodbye see you guys
tomorrow
you want some chicken soup
