today is the day it is the day of the
day's today is that day
we're going home to Idaho today excited
a mix and we always try to get out of
here earlier than we ever do get out of
here because packing for five kids a
family of seven and a giant Great Dane
is not easy we always have these big
hopes for like okay we're gonna have
everything ready in the car ready to go
and the second we pick up the kids we're
gonna just you Joop Joop you right on
out of here and it never happens that
way it's like oh crap it's time to go
pick up the kids and we don't have
everything ready so I have 300 more
calendars that I just signed that I have
to run to our roadie arcade going to
pick up the kids mommy tarts packing
like a ravenous wolf ravenous Wolf's
pack bags probably not that's a bad
analogy but then I'm gonna go get the
kids
take the rodeo arcade calendars rodeo
arcade and then hopefully by the time we
get back to the house she's ready to go
because I'm gonna edit the vlog as we're
driving to Vegas we're staying in Vegas
tonight
Colette agreed to drive the van while I
edited the vlog and then we'll upload it
once we get in Vegas everything we do
always revolves around the vlog and I
was like if we could leave by to get in
Vegas by two three four six ish
I'll have the vlog edited and compressed
exported by then I could hit upload
right as we get to Vegas that's not too
bad right you guys vlog up by 6 sorry
I'll get them up sooner I promise but
anyways that's what we're doing okay
little kiddos shall we let's do it yeah
hey you know we and the kids the whole
family signed a thousand calendars and I
just wouldn't sign 300 more so some of
you that didn't get in the first
thousand potentially might get a
shaycarl signature even though it's the
lamest of all of the family signatures
at least you'll have some little piece
of me in my car you guys ready to go to
Idaho
I was ready to have a Merry Christmas I
want some what are you not sharing those
cookies with me Kelly it's starting
I didn't eat anything all day oh yes
we're just on a hottie from major and
yourself I mean yeah block yourself oh
um I just I just got them good plan
enjoy a story of the first two monkeys
really not play today yes I was in a
play and Iowa's the Queen and her parts
water and she was a cool this Mary only
right I had others how did you get it
I'm talking to the old beggar woman who
well sure I'll show you the first of it
well it's a story that I am like I like
we are like this cool people that were
twice seven times in three seconds
it's alright I do it to keep going okay
what
so like I'm like okay so like it was
like so like wasn't a king and queen
they were they really like rich very
very rich and all their I mean all to
their subjects except their friend
they're like loyal friends they're like
like their royal friends so tell us your
line let's hear your line how do you get
to the palace garden better one Oh what
do we eat with you your respective go
wait you old hag
no you said yeah you feel bad when you
said that thing so you're just acting
cool alright like guys we got to run
inside and help Mom get everything
packed okay let's do this alright you
guys this roof rack this I don't think
you could physically fit one more gram
of material inside that roof rack there
was me and for it to start standing on
the top of it to try to get it closed
Zeke goes back here and right here is
the most special spot in the entire van
that's my ski gear you know why cuz I'm
gonna go ski in I used to be a skier
big-time in a previous life and then you
guys came along and ruined my whole ski
career what's that I did a backflip cuz
I'm awesome
you guys gotta learn how to ski I'll
take you ok you want to go princess hard
we're going I guarantee you dude I'm
taking all you guys don't shoot me dude
we're going skiing I'm excited so Zeke
is gonna be sleeping on top of all of my
gear all right way to zekiel quit
shooting you ready come very good look I
got your suitcase that's how you bring
in this is all your stuff yeah let's go
let's go bye
I had to go to Idaho get in put your
seatbelt on get in
okay now don't break my goggles okay my
cockles are in there somewhere you ready
to go 12 hours you can handle all right
just take us take a nap all right don't
get in your food yet either seriously
he's crazy he's crazy down here please
where do you guys think clothes Millie
oh he's walking maybe whoo baby we made
it it's a bar sale we did sorry the vlog
was so late last night traffic was
terrific
no oh there's no good place not even a
hidden little boy you know well this
vacations just started off crappy first
of all way to battle three hours of
traffic just to get in Los Angeles now
princest hard think she might have head
lice that's just right listen boy you
gave me such a scumbag but can't you
keep your hair clean huh you white trash
scumbag let me see hold still do they
itch does it itch did she you really did
babe yes you found one but the good news
is it's like I couldn't find any eggs so
it's brand new when's the last time you
washed your hair a month ago was a 2012
that's how you get rid of lights you
ridicule them if you ridicule them that
makes a lice go it makes them feel bad
do you feel bad you feel like I'm being
mean to you you think I'm a jerk Oh
gonna punch me look at me when I'm
refueling you
Hey I'm sorry I feel bad now I'm just
teasing
listen even though you're a scumbag I
still love you I think preventive spray
I need something too what's the
difference between this and preventive
spray what why are you opening that why
are you buying deodorant you stink
our kids stink our kids have head lice
I'm not hanging out of you guys anymore
it always happens when we go to travel
bugs no they know have you ever had head
lice I don't think I've ever had her
Malakai the first year we moved to LA he
had the worst fleas in the world yeah
they like ate the hair off of his tail
he had scars on his tail for the rest of
his life
it was so bad he was like he was always
bitin in Venice Beach fleas get really
bad because of the beach and I felt so
bad for him because he would just be
itchy and we just kept giving him like
more and more treatment and you could
seem like you get to see him running
through school it makes my hair makes
might be your niche your head itches bad
it's really bad it is kind of bad you
saw how many do you see I might just
want I like feel all itchy now oh you
got Dorito fingers you bet eat Doritos
you got Dorito fingers all right you
guys it's not gonna do it justice but
let us take a look at this moon
it is gigantic
if yellow hair look guys see it that's
the moon see you guys can hear my
princess heart's reaction it is freaking
huge it doesn't do it justice in the
camera but it is a giant orange moon it
looks really cool
all right so we're all glum face because
here we are in Planet Daly's at Planet
Hollywood where normally the internet is
blazing fast I've uploaded a 20-minute 1
gigabyte file here once an 11 minutes
but now ok let me show you this scenario
we're trying to upload the vlog here it
is plugged into the wall
uploading let's see where we're at now
we're only at 25% it still has 99
minutes to go and it's been plugged in
for maybe like 30 minutes now isn't that
frustrating I'm so disappointed I've
always bragged about Planet Hollywood's
internet beat it's seriously I don't
exaggerate it is the fastest internet
I've ever experienced in my life ever I
remember when I uploaded that vlog I
thought I had like selected the wrong
file because it was going up so fast but
no it was just fast internet and now
it's not here anymore
so disappointed that's the only reason
we came here this isn't even our hotel
we're not even staying here we just came
here for the internet and now we're
waiting for our food and the Internet
yeah so my computer's over there trying
to upload the vlog and we're just
showing and it's what time o'clock it's
11 24 at night it's almost midnight
Brock's not tired
I need my side here bro how do you focus
yeah a little helper there salad is
really good it's hard to choose a pea
hood
this thing you're not that crazy maybe a
bite of this salad that's good okay I'm
down
which one is falling asleep she's gazing
into the music videos they have playing
here alright let's see
okay I just went live and it is 117 in
the morning sometimes daily vlogs aren't
easy because they gotta do them every
day even when you're trying to travel
home for Christmas and you get stuck in
traffic and it takes you seven hours to
get to Vegas when it usually only takes
like four and a half and then you try to
go upload your vlog at your favorite
vlog uploaded spot and that doesn't work
then you come back to the hotel and it's
super slow but we'll make it work
we'll get it online here at Shaytards
industries we will not fail you we are
committed to a good vlogging experience
okay I go sleep now you thumbs up this
video now oh actually there is one thing
that I want to promote before I go
please you guys I'm gonna actually go to
it right now I'm gonna pull it up right
now before you go away from us please go
watch hey Kaylee's new video it's called
alert human energy crisis it's a funny
video they just did with Quaker Oats
I've never seen KC look so pretty I
think he was wearing makeup and that's
the girl from Jay Leno from the photo
booth you guys recognize her she used to
be on that show naughty girls with
Chelsea Handler and now she does the
phony photo booth on the Jay Leno Show
she's in Kaylee's new video this it's
really good go check it out there's
Casey and Caylee and their kids look
adorable of it so go check this out you
guys go support my sister-in-law and
check out her video okay please links
below go check out it's funny now it's
3:20 in the morning
vlog I figure we have a whole day of
traveling ahead of us tomorrow I better
stay up late and get this vlog edited so
we can upload it tomorrow morning when
we have our continental breakfast I hope
they have waffles no continental
breakfast is worth its salt and
continental breakfast do it if they
don't have waffles all right love you
guys we're almost Idaho we have another
eight hours to go tomorrow on the
old I've been hearing the weather
reports are bad like there's gonna be a
lot of snow through Utah so we may have
to take it easy I'm whispering because
everybody's sleeping
thanks for watching please check out
yesterday's vlog even though I got it up
at 117 at night it's a good one and then
click on the one do they for click click
click click we get it cut all right
Merry Christmas love you guys see you
tomorrow
