hi I'm logging here it's the holiday
season
dupa dupa dickory dock okay I'm not
singing but you guys are today
are you excited well you're you're gonna
mouth it right you can pretend to sing
and we will all think that it's
beautiful
poor son tart still has no voice and
girls you are performing Frosty the
Snowman she is she is that's why she has
her snow stuff on that's what you get to
wear in California in December you don't
have to wear a coat or a jacket because
it's 80 degrees how's it going little
dude where are we going hey tell me what
we're going can you tell me what we're
going right now I need you to get one of
their Christmas thingy
performance dancing concert this little
Christmas package doing they put him in
this that's cute
I love him you're beautiful oh you're
sweet
these are my favorite trees in Los
Angeles they're almost 200 feet tall
these monsters I know I feel like they
could they're just like so tall and
leaning leaning tower of trees --is
they're really tall but the thing is
they look like they're tiny like they
wouldn't really do much damage but they
probably would they're big though I mean
that that's that's two feet Oh higher
they get skinnier no yeah but their
hands appear so softly no no way all
right let's go see the kids perform all
right we are here and the ambience
said crystal-clear snowflakes have been
hung with care
are you ready chair get your stick why
are you such an angry little boy like
turntables
baby turns next yeah okay David cards
coming hey you better do like your hat
Oh
ha ha I never giving it
la patrie
okay two kids down one to go
sundar coming up next to perform here
the 2013 Christmas culture yeah yeah
calm down bro all right buddy
make us proud okay that's our son I was
just thinking like maybe we should have
dressed in more festive
that's my boy
they taught him well to me on the third
day of Christmas my true love gave to me
seven damn business my true love gave to
me
the swimming six geese a-laying fun
okay hi I'm so excited I just reviewed
the calendars and they look amazing whoa
whoa-kay
wait just write your name okay just
write a little bit just write B key what
is it
just uh I'm nervous okay is that your
signature yeah that's it okay not too
big
oh that's getting big okay I'm not sure
who's getting this calendar that's so
whoever gets this one they don't know
what that is maybe I should just let
them finish it but dude you have to
leave room for everybody to sign on
there you can't have the biggest
signature on the page what do you think
put the start I think do you like it
look at this one hey V card
um I don't I don't know if I should show
you guys like last year's previous I
haven't really showed you because I
thought I want it to be like a Christmas
present like I don't want to show you
all the pictures because I want it to be
a surprise when you get it so I don't
want you to see it until it comes to man
Oh what are you doing okay you need to
have a super vision maybe we'll just let
rock card draw okay so whoever is
getting August 4th has a - should I
maybe not let him do this
okay that's enough whoever's getting
this calendar this is the rock TARDIS
special all right you guys ready to sign
where you gonna sign up no we need to do
we need to get a marker and color little
bro cards foot and put one on there you
want to sign the calendar with your foot
okay you're doing good okay let me see
you sign where you gonna sign I asked
the kids no that's my spot you know
center over your head okay you can sign
there I thought you're gonna sign your
real name
oh actually your personal one are you
gonna sign your real name or your target
names you can do whatever you want
inside however you want to sign you know
right Gavin you do look handsome look at
you you're having okay that's why I
wanted my area to be brought Todd said
dad I want to color are you coloring all
right okay here we go
start signing you guys we got a thousand
of these babies to sign we're gonna try
to sign as many as we can okay mate we
need to decide we're having to make this
unit I know I know we're having
disagreements we're wastin and if you
just punch our name guys there's no
rhyme or reason care inside gross you
guys we're sending these right now look
so Isabel McCormick this is your
calendar precinct okay Isabel do you
want her to sign it Katie letter Chloe I
already did it Caitlin Kayla that's what
you've done all the other years right
okay Isabel from Alta Dena California I
am gonna put I'm gonna give it kiss look
oh yeah kiss you're gonna be lucky
slobbery how do you just fold it over
fold it over it sorry sir yeah these are
nice too
that's like a nice humble oh okay dude
Isabel yours is shipping off okay go get
that in the mail run he has a pony the
Pony Express gets on his horse he's
coming Isabel you better have some
carrots for horse okay the next one is
Shia LAN from Kowloon Hong Kong this
one's going all the way to Hong Kong
that is freakin cool that's it that's
what I've always loved about these is
see where this go Saint Cloud Florida
Upper Marlboro Maryland a wall finger
nerd Connecticut we rendered
will you translate your mass slaughter
set say up
you guys the top left corner is mines
okay that's tiny happy you know pop up
tomorrow and is my section I called it
are they happy to the Shaytards let's
actually let's make a set I am what you
guys need to focus we have a thousand of
these sorry all right
get to work okay I've signed like 300
calendars and I'm tired I'm tired honey
Emmy a little quality control wrong
lingers okay you're in trouble that's
coming happening here hide this here
we'll keep that one I don't want to know
mad I'm a smudge want a smudge smudge
all right way to go out here we're gonna
get on the assembly line I think they're
actually shipping calendars right now so
we agreed to sign the first thousand
we're gonna try to sign as many as we
can as many as Rockstar will be patient
or look these guys are set in calendars
shipping them out right now he's really
actually I want you guys to kiss them
okay can you guys kiss each one you need
to kiss you need to kiss each one with
soft care and love right now these have
a addresses on them
no yeah nice and will be thrown in some
stickers to you guys so if you have an
order when we thrown in some of these
special surprises okay so I'm while I'm
here at maker signing calendar here Lane
bogie everyone he is now directing and
filming all nacho punch videos
previously the station so we've
rebranded it and they have put up some
hilarious stuff yeah check them out this
guy is quality stuff quality comedy
natural punch I always want nachos after
I see an episode or it's our branding
yeah dude every time I have nachos now
I'm gonna think of your comedy so I'm
shooting a little bit right now for
Steve and Peters LA River show is there
an actual name of the show and the nacho
show the nacho show it's nacho show
that's our show
I think they made that joke already
anyways Peter Gilroy Steve being comedy
they do a little show in the LA River
right there I'm gonna go do a little
sign
you see me in the newest nacho show so
guys go subscribe if you haven't already
it's funny do they put a hilarious stuff
and then my Instagram shows on there
that I was tweeting couple weeks ago
it's so funny I laughed so hard I
deposit when I was watching the first
time as I was laughing so hard it is
hilarious just like his deep voice he's
like so like hey my name sure cool yeah
that's so funny and then Timothy
DeLaGhetto is just went out that cracked
me up
he's like my girlfriend never gets
jealous as you know Timmy's always
posted booty pics so I'm gonna be
flipping a sign right here on this
really busy intersection trying to
promote knock upon what are you guys
doing you just want to have where's Rock
tartar go kid in jail people are trying
to work around here at makers yes ma'am
oh no way would you find that out
shopping oh hey you don't put this back
this is for display only she wear it up
a trick shirt kind of shake Carla
mr. shake princess tart is basically
ransacking the place you're just taking
stuff hey okay so listen I feel bad
because not all of you obviously are
gonna get a signed calendar we are
signing the first thousand we're gonna
take a couple boxes home when I try to
sign more than a thousand but what I'm
doing
huh no I got to pay for those you can't
just take him for free those costs
involved look these guys are gonna come
yell at you she's stealing merchandise
you put her in jail she's still in
merchandise
hey so here's what I'm gonna do on some
I'm picking five that it random I'm just
gonna slip a Shaytards sticker in the
hole get this which is that you - all
right that okay okay we're gonna slip a
shape head sticker there's Rock card
so five of these I'm just selecting at
random and putting a Shaytards sticker
in the month of January so five of you
are going to get Shaytards stickers so
if you haven't ordered one maybe order
one and you'll still get a secret put
those in there Familia throw that
sticker in there
Sheamus sticker isn't that sweet if
you're a little surprised it's like a
golden ticket honey that's what we
should do we should pick five and then
and then whoever gets the golden
Shaytards sticker ticket gets to come to
our house and have dinner - that would
be fun
you pick five and if they get the golden
Shaytards doing it you should have done
that that would have been so cool or
it's like and it's like we fly them out
they come have dinner with us and if you
get the Shaytards sticker in your
calendar how would be cool huh has been
taken we'll go to their house and cook
them dinner hey guys you want to order a
shaycarl @ ha links below don't sell his
shirts told some other bearded man's
merchandise it's a woman and I actually
would installed some of my own I got my
own Falcom shirt you just know that my
own Volcom sure I wouldn't took one of
those got a shaped Carl bolkcom stone
we're still selling those I'm getting
this one for my uncle I'm getting one
for Bark cuz every Christmas I go we go
back to that Christmas party he's like
you should give me you shirt and I
always forget so I got him one oh you
did yeah oh
laris you I got introduced
Sam K we shall gather them famke what
shade like this yeah excited shits more
yeah like I think you'd be beyond this
one I tweeted that I wanted you to know
what it felt like to lose to a girl but
I think I lost hey you guys so the brand
new episode of fan cave is up me and
Suns hard play let me play killer
instinct
if you guys want to check out all the
episodes there's four episodes up you
can just go to like the head I mean the
main page of Polaris and if you go to
shows right here just click on shows and
then you go down here to fam cave it's
me and Sun tars and then we have four
episodes up so if you guys haven't seen
all the episodes you can go check them
out we play 3d world that Super Mario 3d
World part one and two then we played
Mario Kart where I dominated your face
dominate your face off and then the
newest one that we just put up his
killer instinct so there's four episodes
of damn cave you guys I'll leave a link
below you guys go check it out right now
out what do you have to say about
yourself put it to camera Oh
booty kick gamer in your sexy voice no
less I'm a pretty good gamer watch out
ladies
oh look oh that was up anyways go check
out Famke bits on Polaris go calm how
many more left you have baby tard kiss
two more thousand calendars very
impressed you guys one more he's so
excited to be done
Congrats
your hand hurt why had I would press
with these kids
my hand is tired oh yeah here's Rock
cards this is the only light him sorry
we're not going to send that one out
anybody here oh innovate really
literally colored yeah he's trying to
ruin me trying to get you out of the
family what are you doing bro you having
some wine not good
don't hurt yourself
oh geez this vlog is so annoying
watch nacho punch check out our video
game show by our talent or check out my
hat get a shirt seriously I'm so sick of
the Shaytards trying to promote all this
crap man I just remember when they used
to be a good family just hang out and
love each other and now it's like
they're all Hollywood just trying to
sell all this stuff I hate to Shaytards
know I figure if I take the ammo away
those commoners can't leave those
comments I appreciate you I realize
sometimes you know even when I was
editing this vlog I'm like wow we're
sure promote a lot of crap in this video
hey we sincerely appreciate like to
promote crap hush your mouth up by the
way go check out hey Kaylee's new quaker
video is that's what we do
that's our job and for those of you guys
who support us that's what keeps us
going honestly yeah I think it's cool
things that we make and promote and I
hope you guys enjoy it and seriously and
sincerely we thank you sorry today's
vlogs up late we're pulling into Vegas
right now I see the bright lights of
Vegas we're gonna hit export mega log in
log in to our hotel room or check in one
of the to log in upload that room love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow
bye thank you seriously for all the
support love you
