all righty then the 2014 shaped our
calendars are here and you find that one
twice who do you think you are you get
your like double importance you twice as
good as everybody it's all a big touch
you can sign on her dress make it match
face look at those I have some beautiful
daughters what happened to my sons oh
snap
okay you guys so here we are sign into
calendars printer scientists are well I
see miss your cursive oh that's good
cursive yeah I told the kids they can
sign however they want sent our Gavin so
let's say we're going real names I guess
our secrets are out now huh do you care
catching up to do hey Rock Turner what
are you drawing over there
you drew a dinosaur cool all right you
guys we're sending these out right now
there's the envelopes we're literally
signing them putting them in the
envelopes lock it in there dude get that
in the mail ASAP they're coming you guys
right now they'd be shipping out today
and tomorrow you can still get one
there's still treat party calendars
available so links below you want to get
over seinem right now I'm okay I'm
Morgan you guys I'm getting in trouble I
gotta hurry InDesign here we go yes it's
for shape pearl all right this one's
going to one lucky individual in the
world hey retard
okay
