you guys be honest with me okay I'm
gonna ask you a serious honest question
am i the best-looking dude you've ever
seen come on you can tell me yeah parley
admit it what got a text message dude
the calendars are coming in today at 6
p.m. oh snap I'm so excited we're gonna
sign them and ship them out by Friday at
the latest what's today is it Wednesday
shining we're gonna spit shine them spit
shine gnome babies
what's it Wednesday there's yeah they
will be in the mail no later than this
Fridays oh just texted me calendars are
in oh I can't wait I'm so excited I'm
flying home tonight
I just got here huh would it be mean if
I called Colette and asked her if she
would just drive the kids here and I
didn't go on my flight probably would be
nice enough and would do it Hey
Hey Steve's in LA tell him to skip his
flight and drive home with Colette and
I'll stay here okay that would be so
nice Carly we could just cuddle by the
fire you need Steve's in LA right now
cuz he has a photo shoot with his shirt
off cuz he's so hot
not as hot as me though guys right huh
you know I'm saying you sure look at
this man I took care of it Harry
cuz I'm Harry do that be so mean huh but
I was like so tempted to be like babe do
you think it would be cool if you just
drove home and I didn't have to fly home
that drive back to Idaho she could do it
she could but hope you're a better
husband you take my flight and I'll stay
here and I'll watch Cooper and you the
beard on hey I'm shake halt subscribe to
my channel I'll get on the fly I'm a
touch of plague yeah that's what I do
you guys do not subscribe to my sister
funny oh you guys go buy a calendar
please
I'm so excited actually I don't care if
you buy a calendar I don't freaking care
at all but I'm so excited to see him I'm
nervous you know it's like you set them
out to the printers and there's like if
there's one little thing wrong then it's
like no this was supposed to be like
uh you know I hate it when it's like
that anyways you guys want to get a
calendar we're still shipping them out
you can get one right here week's blow
in the past my pants links in my past
ride my pants take my belt off and find
the link to the calendar in my pants
okay that's weird it's cold I'm going
inside I know you think I'm good looking
but I got to go bye yeah no oh everybody
how are you doing hey good morning let's
see what is going on over there what is
that are you trying to grow a beard
already dude come on you got plenty of
time for that don't you think your
friends are gonna realize that's not a
real beard yeah yo tell us why you
really have try to try to talk loud I
know his voice is still kind of I'm
doing a book report
well it's actually dad and he's doing a
book report today and you get extra
credit if you dress up like a character
in the book and his book was Little
House on the Prairie he's going to dress
up like the dad in the book who has like
he's gonna have a wig with curly hair
and a beard and a white shirt and he's
gonna go barefoot with a cane it's such
a cute idea well I'm excited for you
good luck with your book report dude
Thanks so of course he's showing up to
school with a beard he's not just trying
to grow up too fast guys come on he
wants to be just like his dad that we're
a beard to school every day does like my
dad come I get back yeah I'm Lady Gaga
babe I yo jump that out where Jimmy jabs
cuz you that's a commercial right what
you said this is not a brand endorsement
but I just watched it was because we
love your sandwiches so holla girl if
you want um so we're getting sandwich
doesn't go into my mom's work we're
taking lunch to my mommy
isn't that sweet I took her lunch
yesterday and this sub didn't show up
for the class so guess who had to cover
the class thank you
what do you mean the sub sandwich or the
substitute teacher in it show for the
class so they said Carly will you go up
and covered that class he just like
walked in can you pay for the
what is your DJ whoa why are they like
whoa oh you are always wearing
inappropriate stuff you guys unfollow my
sister on Twitter on Instagram
did I see posted in those boots and you
have like skin-tight pants on their eyes
your dressy pants they're called your
 pants are not my Carly
you're white listen no she does not she
does not wear those pants but not you're
wearing like a skin tight leather pants
what do you think dude helpful I think
when they see your skin tight leather
but all shaking around she doesn't skip
leg day bro where are these giant boots
and skin tight leather pair so if
you guys are boots you're huge you
probably lost your virginity as well
forget our salary
sorry hi how's it going sorry bloody
girls wear boots and leather pants say
yes no see she delays she delayed it is
right tight leather pants and boots what
does that say about you as a woman she's
like I don't know guys all right thank
you but really do you have an answer to
that question no okay
thanks really I did you put my mustard
in here oh yeah thank you okay love you
bye we'd appreciate a sponsor we got a
box of subs all right we'll have this
conversation later I have to edit all
this out I'm gonna go I'm opposed to
naked books far away I cannot put any of
this on the Internet goodbye
hey y'all is okay so it's time to get
some last-minute Christmas shopping done
for Shay because he's out of town Shay
don't tell Shay don't tell him
excuse me Oh anyways um I never know
what to buy for Shay because I feel like
anything that he wants is like
big-ticket item items like a computer he
needs a new computer but I'm not gonna
go pick him out on a computer that's
something he needs to pick out I'm just
gonna go with my heart not really I'm
just gonna get him a few things because
we've tried to be cheap cheaper on each
other this year but we say that every
year and then shake goes crazy
I think it's happened twice like one
year he bought more than I bought for
him and then the next year I bought more
for him than he bought for me and we
were like willing to spend this much and
then both of us cheated um
so I don't know what's gonna happen this
year but I'm gonna try to just be you
know mindful of what I get him and make
sure it's something that he's really
going to like that it's not just like oh
cool another tie or whatever
so anyways and rocked hard has been with
me this morning we went to the post
office and I tell you we were there
before they opened and there was a giant
line going out the door and I just
thought you know what we got to get this
done we're sending Logan some letters
that the kids made and
um so we're in this post office there's
like 30 people and it is silent you
could hear a pin drop you could tell
that everybody was feeling like the
holiday oh we have to get stuff done and
don't know if our packages are gonna
make it in time and bla bla like people
just in a bad mood
it was so silent in that post office and
I get the baby out and I start feeding
the baby and you could hear this might
be a little TMI for some of you but you
could hear the baby sucking it was so
loud of like everybody can hear the baby
right now
sucking then rocked hard at being the
cutest little three-year-old that he is
he started singing jingle bells and you
know his version of jingle jingle bells
Tinker Bell
Tinker Bell's cutest thing in the world
and it was so cute because he's looking
around at everybody thinking why is
everybody so quiet I'm gonna sing a song
and he had no like in her in like no
inhibitions he just sang and he was
happy and he didn't care what anybody
else thought of him he was in his own
little world and I thought we all need
to be more like three-year-olds we all
need to be more like you rocked hard
thank you for being such a good
Christmas example today and now is he's
one of the silent ones in the post
office well the holidays bah humbug okay
bye mom hi they don't let my mom I'm in
prison jail keep me out of you mom nope
get back in there shades window I'll be
back on Saturday okay I love you okay
fine I'm flying home driving back flying
la drive home back to you you better
have some sweet delicious Christmas
dinner ready for us okay what are we
gonna have for Christmas mom don't get
snow my camera um I don't know Steve
we're gonna do something exciting
nobody's gonna be here this year Casey's
gone Logan's gone Ballmer
the guys will do the gym every year
right we're gonna keep that tradition
alive while we go and do gymnastics I
want to do that okay okay bye love you
bye bye bye my love you what are you
doing
are you ambitious no I would go to beer
I don't see them here but you're super
cute I can tell you right now look let's
take a picture on my phone these are our
mirrors aren't they
okay are you ready I'm going to take a
picture and then you can look at
yourself do it guys I'm painting on my
screen as dirty you want to see yeah
what do you think look what do you think
it is it money
yeah here so you is that what you want
for christmas yeah you do
oh yeah than I thought all right it's
time to head back to California so I'm
driving to Salt Lake and then I get on
my plane and get home to LA about ten
o'clock tonight go to sleep go to the
kids Christmas concert tomorrow sign a
bunch of Shaytards calendars and then
drive right on back here to add a ho I
rented a VW Bug it was kind of a fun
little car to drive is peppy I like the
new body style it's like a lower scooped
it's not as round doesn't look as like
bubbly it's kind of cool-looking you
guys all know what slug bug is right I
don't got to teach everything do I who
doesn't know what a slug bug is you guys
call it punch buggy slug bug when you
see a VW Bug you can punch or fry to be
a club bug yellow slug bug green we
never did like the color rule I guess
that was a rule added later we had to
say a color like the color of the slug
bug you know every makes up most of
those games did you play those I
remember when I was a kid I have a very
vivid memory about slug bugs my parents
and my brother found this like slug bug
graveyard somebody would like collected
VW bugs and they had this big plan in
case he's like oh we have something
we're gonna do to you I'm like what what
is it what is it I was like freaking out
not knowing what it was because one day
my mom drove by and she's like Casey you
could drive by here with Shay just hit
him like a hundred times cuz me in case
it got pretty competitive with it so
every time we'd see a slug but we were
just it was like free rein to just punch
your brother as harder you
can can so one day we're driving by this
slug bug graveyard sure enough he just
starts pounding me hard as he can looks
like look I'm like what are you doing
there's not that many Sun bugs and I
looked over there's this whole like
junkyard of old VW bugs
I got slugged by my brother you slug
bugged me you know you guys do that
don't be violent with your siblings
unless you see a slug bug that hit him
as hard as you can
let me hear from one and two I'm excited
about Christmas I'd build a Christmas
spirit side my heart it's warmed many
times many ways merry christmas hey you
guys it's time to watch the vlog
released their brand new album and it
was number two on all of watching daddy
huh second a little more in just you
talking about we the kings new album
anyway I gotta go cuz I'm watching
makes you wanna cry it's not weird
you're on giggling thousand funny blogs
every time that Sun tart started to
laugh and started to cause to so he's a
cannibal yeah exactly so I'm at the Salt
Lake City Airport and I have two hours
to my flight I always like when I get to
my date early so I can relax now feeling
kind of sick again
and I ordered a bowl of clam chowder it
is warm and soothing and delicious let
me demonstrate
exactly what I need okay I had my dinner
it was delicious
okay I'm at the magazine rack in the
South Lake International Airport here
where all of the famous hot celebrities
hang out including to cook the guy that
I just did an arm workout which the
other day that cool I've touched that
bicep before you guys see that tricep
yeah I made that tricep burn that's dead
muffin he's in every single workout
magazine you can think of it that's
pretty cool good job Steve are these on
his regimens uh maybe not maybe I should
have something no okay maybe a little
bit
okay so Christmas shopping update I did
go shopping for Shay and I spent a
little bit more than I had planned a
little bit more than I was supposed to
don't tell Shane speaking of Christmas
presents though we have a visitor in her
house right now
isn't that right princess card no what's
that ring oh and I like you had like a
cigarette those that would like to you
guys to why are you eating new stuff oh
come on you're gonna choke on honey
what's just a visitor we have a visitor
in our house remember
behind me do you see it can you guys see
it you gonna see any visitors No
Sana's Niner do you see a man with them
well I guess we do Santa's visiting in
our house so I don't know if some of you
guys have heard but during the Christmas
season some families that I know of have
an elf on the shelf
mmm ever heard of that before I guess
well we only have an elf we have a cat
that's our cat he's like one of the
elves on the shelf Leonard the cat no
but I go get CJ to have CJ's it oh ok so
princess art has a friend who has an elf
on the shelf which means that elf will
sit on the shelf and the elf out Santa
watched the kids in the house to see if
they've been naughty or nice and
Princess hard came home he was like why
don't we inven elf and I thought I don't
know CJ as we to go find CJ well it's
the same thing that's his name
and so she decided that we needed an elf
but since we don't have a Nell she got a
hat where's your shirt yeah where's your
shirt my shirt hmm I don't know who
cares and I got a baby he is patiently
awaiting his father's arrival she'll be
home super late though so we got to get
this house clean oh I can see Jay
weirdos have you been naughty or nice
this year huh nutty nutty nutty that's a
sad looking palm tree come on California
oh you even have any palm leaves what if
I could jump off of this onto that tree
yeah so here's the scenario here's an
opportunity choose happiness that need
to be a jingle need to get a jingle in
the Shaytards anytime something that
happens or it's like it's not per to
natete choose happiness mhmm I'm not the
jingle writer okay we'll get hi I'm
runner somebody so I left the lights in
my truck on I know on start that's
alright it's not that big of a deal so I
am waiting for the guy who is gonna come
jump me and I was kind of nervous he
wasn't to be able to get in here unless
he had like really long jumper cables
and because I'm just being lucky in this
parking lot is crowded this person just
left so now they can just pull in right
next to me and my rock card car seat is
holding into place so nobody tries to
pull into the spot so I want to leave
the spot open for when the repair guy
comes you can just pull right in charge
my car I can start it up and go home and
make you a mommy tart see this could be
a moment where you're like oh so stupid
man that socks dang it instead it's just
like okay let's figure it out I saw a
guy driving by on a little yellow
scooter like hey do you know a guy
around here at the airport that like
jumps cars gives me a card I call the
guy the guys like it's 40 bucks
I said gladly I'll pay it he's on his
way right now I'll be home in my lover's
arms shortly that might not be like the
best example but it's those little
things those little things that happen
to you that's the moment that you choose
happiness that's what I'm talking about
when I say happiness is a choice I I
guess could have been smarter and not
left my lights on but that's just
something that happened like it's passed
there's nothing I can do about it now
but I can choose how to react in this
situation right now and it's like no big
deal cost me 40 bucks but thanks my
knight in shining armor I love you
that business baby let's get this truck
home hi guys this is Prince Siddharth
princess tart and I'm gonna do the
inside today please click on the 1 2 3
and of course 4 years ago because it's
my lucky number
you guys you know just a minute but I'm
the best one out of all shake tarts so
I'm sorry cueball and please thumbs it
up and just please subscribe it what
does that mean you say please subscribe
it what do you think that means you just
say it cuz you hear me say huh
when I say subscribe it means they push
a button on our channel and then when we
make new videos it will alert them and
I'll send them a message letting them
know that we've uploaded a new video
it's free when you subscribe
it's like you click a button saying I
want to subscribe to these guys because
I want to see more of their videos so
whenever we upload what you have to get
your own channel oh do you wanna get
your own channel yes when green 13:13
Terms of Service that's right alright
gonna v love you guys I'm back home
we're gonna drive home dido tomorrow
we'll see you then okay bye bye
