babe I'm sorry don't be mad I came to
winners on it Kim doing is with my
girlfriend good morning everybody
it is 5:50 2 a.m.
we are here at the Los Angeles
International Airport to begin our day
rocking out the brand new album by We
The Kings at number 2 on the iTunes
charts in a Beyonce sandwich that creamy
we the kings filling it's my buddy
yesterday Charles Trippy you guys know
my buddy Charles Trippy his band we the
kings just released their brand-new
album and it is number two on all of
iTunes charts second to only the
fabulous Beyonce this is what our Tunes
anyways
i'ma headed to Idaho today okay so it's
kind of a frustrating trip because at
the end of the year and I have like this
end-of-the-year meeting with my lawyer
and accountant and like business stuff
we're restructuring our business me and
Colette have our own personal business
that like we run all of our like taxes
through and stuff like that and they're
gonna be done for the holiday season by
the time we get back which was be this
Saturday and so I had to meet with them
today so it's like I'm flying to Idaho
for a day coming back the next day and
then we're driving back to Idaho for
Christmas on Friday so I get back
Wednesday night it's Tuesday morning I'm
gonna be there one day meet with my
accountant and my lawyer and then come
back to California to get with Collette
and the kids and drive back to Idaho for
Christmas is that clear as mud huh no
okay you guys go download this album I'm
listening to it right now I'm going
through the tracks amazing
Travis is so good
my body trials trippy and slapping
debase I think number one is my favorite
so far
good loan washing shadows on the ceiling
ceiling ceiling
I can't forget the feeling feeling
feeling feeling and I don't even know if
I can close my eyes don't wanna sleep
cuz I'm wide awake and dreaming hold me
close and catch your breath
I promise not to leave this bed
yeah cuz I feel
in here whisper and the sweetest muffin
I'll feel your heart beating faster than
your breathing and I don't even know if
I can close my eyes don't wanna stay cuz
I'm wide awake and dreaming
hold me close and catch your breath no I
promise not to leave this bed yeah cuz I
feel
we are too
Oh
oh hell me Lola now the cameras on now
he's gonna I'm gonna bring on the funny
are you cranky got laid up a little bit
yeah he's just like his dad well soon as
the cameras on it's like oh okay I do
look funny let's do something really
funny
we're hanging out with Audriana carrier
all names yeah something that would be
odd cuz I've been showing you around
King my diaper okay that's kinda gross
so yes when I thought of you
right here it's funny because most
places restaurants in California are
super expensive but I helps always the
same price no matter what part of the
country it's nice and cheap music it's
amazing the song and it's Tinkerbell
meanwhile back on the airplane shaycarl
continues to film plane footage I know I
know I know I showed you guys what it
looks like on the outside on the
airplane window I like hundred times but
I never get sick of it it's so cool
you're flying over the world if you live
in Salt Lake I'm flying over you right
now yep you see that yellow snow in your
yard that was me I peed out of my
airplane onto your snow weakened us
weirdo come on you know you want to
you're such a weirdo now we're landing
back to IAP well we destroyed our I hop
except for the fruit it's your problem
little fruit
driving an art and we just got through
the whole thing I'm so happy I got to
eat that's one thing that happens as a
mother sometimes you don't get to eat
because you just have to make sure
everybody else is happy before you get
to eat do you find the life is that way
I was it was good and sometimes as a mom
you don't get to eat oh gosh I have had
a few times I guess I call portion
control mom's worship escape no man man
all right I just landed here in Salt
Lake check it out it's a winter
wonderland I have Christmas trees set up
here in the terminals a good weird looks
but I don't like it
hey guys Shane the Shaytards editor here
speaking of getting weird looks do you
want to see a clip that I did not
include and that musical travel montage
because she looks like such a doofus you
want to see that clip I'll check it out
oh sorry so dumb oh-ho I just landed in
the wintertime Jack Frost my nose off
it's cold out here
all right I have to go get a rental car
and then I have to head to Idaho got a
two-hour drive to Idaho I'm in Salt Lake
right now it is freezing well where is
it Tim hides wintertime all right how is
school my little minions get a good day
oh let's leave me blows really low are
you ready for your holiday what's it
called performances yeah yes you can't
sing is that why you're not ready yeah
but you know what look at it this way
you seem super cute I got all the girls
are like cheeks say something to it hi
say Happy Holidays
I think you're adorable you know when
you lose your voice he feels pretty good
other than his voice right are you
feeling you today
but you sound adorable totes totes
mcgoats excited we pulling out a few
more days until we leave for another
look related and we were running errands
like crazy picking up some last-minute
things going to the post office and all
those things that you gotta do it's here
whether you're ready you're not guys
christmas is here and I bet you Shay
hasn't gone shopping it for anything he
never does alright not until Christmas
Eve that's his tradition right honey
don't mess with my traditions woman or
Santa get it you see that I everything
it is 18 degrees feels colder than that
oh I think I'm used to California
weather 18 degrees doesn't sound that
cold but it's cold see my breath man
this reminds me of mornings in Idaho
when I was a kid waking up I had a 1980
Toyota Tercel would take forever to warm
up and I remember what I could get in
the morning to go to school trying to
start anything here I'm like come on
please start please start please start
it would just sit there and like freeze
and shiver and wait till the heater to
warm up more okay I got to drive to
Idaho so I'm feeling a lot better
man I do not want to be part of the
living yesterday and not want to be part
of society it's funny when you're that
sick you just feel like nothing's gonna
ever be good again
I was like so sick it was like it's
weird to explain but it was like my
youtube career is over I just uploaded a
crappy video I don't want to talk to
anybody I just felt like I don't know
but now I'm like oh the future is bright
there's so much potential there's so
many things I can do and accomplish when
yesterday I was like so pessimistic and
downtrodden but I feel better today I
got a lot of sleep I just made myself
sleep and made my body better thank you
to all the well-wishers you guys
something you know when you're sick it's
like you just want a little bit of
sympathy
we'll be like it's okay you just need to
relax and take it easy like that feels
good to have that so thank you thank you
to all of those of you who left nice
comments I appreciate yeah yeah debt
free credit dumps doubts MCOs baby
nobody's baby number two you're number
two number three boy and my baby boy
number one is over here just chillin cuz
he's sick
chills my baby boy number one you're
number one bro how does it feel
you're my firstborn son you're like such
a shy all mark my book report my dreams
yeah holla that's why you can watch TV
after school if you get your room clean
and you do your homework and your book
report and clean your room wait I said
that one then you can watch TV after
school have you guys done that yet hmm
I didn't think so get to your room and
clean it now oh really you haven't
cleaned your room is that why you're
complaining with me oh you're
complaining cuz you haven't cleaned your
room
big-nose are you hungry shake nice to
meet you nice to meet look at that pot
okay you you're huge mcglue maybe boy
maybe dog number one there are two your
- your number - sorry Malachi's number
one he'll always be number two but I
love you totes mcgoats welcome to Idaho
where it's cold and snowy yeah go take a
pee but look at this look at this
gorgeous miss take a gander it is
beautiful I realize I have not thrown a
snowball yet this year you guys want to
throw the first snowball of the year
with me listen what I'm gonna do this is
I'm only do this because I love you guys
okay I'm gonna throw the first snowball
of the Year at you usually I save it for
somebody I only truly care about like my
brother or my dad but this year the
first snowball goes in your faces dudes
are you guys excited here we go
yeah I just ruined my camera great I
hope you enjoyed that snowball okay
so mom's doing something special mom's
trying on her old pants from before she
had the baby it's not working I'm trying
to pull him up and rock cards going oh I
help you I love you
he's trying to help me get my pants on
his mouth work Keith look guys my butt
is too big I can't even get it over my
thighs look at that that's as far as it
up is there getting there is no
buttoning them up look at that okay I
gotta get myself a break is not even two
months yet Christmas will be two months
right yeah that's right that was not
nice girls if you have a baby wait at
least six months before you try on your
old pants come on give yourself so great
help me I can't get my pants up
he goes I'll help you
is like it's not working you just got a
laugh about it oh here I am with my mom
and my sister not your sister two other
brothers you have a lot of eyebrow I'm
seeing I get from there's Carl there's
Carl where does hushing hat what mom her
name channel addition with you guys this
is Carson up top Carson he's a City
champion wrestler how old are you dude
oh you know I'm years old you forgot
oh she was born in a research so that
would mean career three ladies you guys
want to date Carson Carson you want to
like give him your phone number eating
Oh haha shits gone yet hey Marley watch
this want to show you a trick okay I'm
ready
Carly drew the camera oh sorry you guys
you want to harm my dad you bet it out
that's okay we're gonna be here for you
guys you wanna know you guys want to see
my dad get really excited he starts
jumping up and down he's excited
what is that picture you're drinking
beer I like my dark brew babe I'm sorry
don't be mad I came to winger's on
intent doing this with my girlfriend I
love babies so hot back mom I'll make
out with you too you guys listen up I
have three things to tell you first of
all it's not weird to make out with your
sister or your mom second of all this
was a good vlog you should go watch it
again
you should thumbs it up you should
favorite it you should tweet it and
Facebook it and tumblr it and Google+ it
and hug it and kiss it and bite it right
on its face number three you should
download the brand-new we the kinks
album links below it's awesome every
freaking track on it is radical okay
those are the three must knows for the
end of this video in this end slate you
are most washed up good because I got
some more stuff to tell you if you want
to see what the Shaytards are doing
yesterday you click on that calendar
right over my head
if you want to see what our family was
doing one two three and four years ago
there's some festive little stockings
over that Yuletide log you see him
they're colorful click on them okay
that's all I have to say today I'll see
you tomorrow okay buh-bye
