hi I'm log in here all right I'm headed
to the mall I'm going to get any
pedicure with Kaylee and I'm about 40
minutes late why you ask because I had
to be the baby and then I couldn't find
my keys and then I was running around
the house literally for 15 minutes
trying to find my keys and then guess
who found him for me within one try Shay
usually I pride myself in doing that but
he won he found my keys for me today so
I could go get a pedicure and he's so
sick I feel so bad for him he's got the
full-on
flu which is what awful I'm hoping that
the baby and I won't get it because I
got the flu shot and the baby has extra
immunities for my milk hopefully they
don't get too sick maybe for Christmas
cause that is not the cookies miss
praising modes now let's go get our
nails dude shall we okay I'm getting my
nails done
this is them ugly I want to show you
guys here you're so cute
finger but I don't think you look bad
I just want my belly to like me I felt
really bad
well it will and they'll be like look I
got a baby with me he's not getting his
nails done today even though you really
wanted to artists I've chosen a sparkly
red for my toes today because it's
almost Christmas and that's fun for
Christmas I'm also choosing that same
sparkly red so much fun and you're going
on experiment we go one wonderful
personal did you off her show show on my
little piggies I hope that it's nice for
the fruits - it is - it's world being
Cabo Christmas Eve and Christmas Day and
it's supposed to be like in the 80s yeah
yeah I was looking at the forecast today
and because I walked outside and it was
super hot it's going to be in the 80s
today in LA where we are and I looked at
Pocatello Idaho
and it's 19 degrees but at least it's
not in the negative which it was last
weekend but we better be ready with our
hats and scarfs
okay you got sparkly toes
they don't look as good on camera trust
me they're super sparkly and I love them
I did go shopping a little bit but
they're for Christmas present they're
not for myself I did a really good job
because I'll be honest you guys whenever
I go Christmas shopping I have a hard
time not buying at least one thing for
myself do you do that - or a mighty love
I just bought every everything that they
had at Ulta so I was like if I don't
give that to someone I'll keep it right
putting it I do that - don't tell anyone
because did it yep
didn't did it but I managed to somehow
not do it today so I'm very proud of
myself though Kaylie will vouch for me
there was something I really wanted that
I'm just gonna tell shy about yeah yeah
make sure to tell it okay it had your
name written all over them but I
guarantee that once I tell them who'd be
like why don't you just buy it then I
don't don't worry about it I'm like
because you have to wrap it and put it
under the tree for me man are you
helping me with dinner yeah he is we're
making this quinoa rice blend just from
a pack yeah yeah just from a box we're
nothing fancy today just a box food and
I'm gonna make some teriyaki chicken
that I make normally with like pineapple
peppers but Harley I should taught me
and what that colleague Aston we're like
Halloween costumes yeah we got Halloween
costumes I like those too but it's not
Halloween today
do you remember what holiday is coming
up yeah what is it hot you seasoned
hockey season yeah the holiday season
Christmas - yeah like whistling it's
just my heart it's melting come on
seriously it's killing me today you're
killing me bro do you know how about
you're killing me yeah
killing me with love and cuteness yeah
yeah hey you're a great stir thank you
so much yeah okay yes there's another
thing that I'm supposed to be making
that's for the scavenger hunt I told
purses turn that I would make it about
see and he's incurred because he loves
cooking and he won't leave so how do I
get him out of here so I can make the
surprise
what I got a burly sale oh are you
teasing me are you gonna burn yourself
no it's not fun to play with fire bro
cuz one of these days you will burn
yourself be careful let's fire
yeah that's blue fire isn't it loose
carry fire
don't touch it it will hurt really
really bad okay yes blue fire it sports
flying blue and orange I don't touch it
okay now my little helpers painting the
chicken good job painting the teriyaki
sauce on the chicken every good cook
needs a good painter as well I have a
knife
that's dangerous let's put a knife down
the knife is for the peppers the peppers
go on the chicken the chicken pepper yes
chicken it's not a very strong see it's
just a lot to get this knife to cut see
I'm not violent
yeah I like check out and yeah I like
chicken if there's one thing I've
realized without kids if they're
involved in the cooking process then
they're usually more likely to eat the
food so if any of you hockey eaters try
involving in the cookie and then I eat
it happens works works for us make food
lovely thing boot okay this is how I
make fun food to pee
look at me and mom give me air but
you're so funny yeah well
did I scare you did I scare you made you
think somebody else was here oh he's a
little bit jumping who's over here has
done so far strip Detroit he loves to
transport from any kind of jock xxi Burt
oh he was like this
he's such a good brother he's talking he
watched the baby so I can cook babies
love I'm so excited to try that summer I
know I watch it oh okay guys funniest
thing he was not even paying attention I
just started making it with him in the
kitchen thinking or whatever if he finds
out whatever he didn't even pay
attention the whole time he was just
playing over here with the chicken so I
don't know how the chickens gonna taste
but the trains gonna be a prison I
already put him in little bags I'm so
excited for Prince it's hard to go home
so we can set up the scavenger hunt she
this was her idea to set up the
scavenger hunt for family night so I'm
really excited to see how it go and
here's the chicken it looks beautiful
hopefully it tastes as good as it looks
how's it going everybody when I family
night I've been on the couch all day
long sleeping and coughing and headache
keen and there looks like a delicious
dinner is about to be served
Merry Christmas I'm excited to go home
it's a time to go home yet wow what is
this concoction you Terry a confidence
it changes every time I make it I added
cilantro this time cilantro a big fan of
cilantro yeah that's definitely right
that it's really good huh ready
I wasn't gonna eat anything but now I
want to eat that are we having a
scavenger hunt tonight that's what I
just heard that yes
okay tell all the kids to go upstairs
you have to hide things did do actually
we should start upstairs and do the ones
we need to do upstairs first so then
they can put their sticky notes
we don't need doing tape for something
you're not part of the scavenger hunt
Keith growling how many things are you
taking
we need your help we're gonna have to
organize our step upstairs and then
we're gonna have you take kids upstairs
and just like askin up today's words at
school Wally hi Stephanie okay okay
isn't it I thought I thought me and the
son are on our team
no we're not gonna do any teams we're
just gonna do a little family time
because we don't want to create
contention tonight the hell are you guys
decided why would that be decided
why would it create the contention
because I haven't been enclosed more
prepared to do teams okay so really it
was your lack of preparation that I'm
kind of all yeah it'll work because we
all know who would win would be better
because we won well I'm just most
competitive I get things done I win I'm
a winner
call me winner share the winner let's go
see what mommy's doing oh you're yawning
it's a good yawn let's go see em they're
hidin stop
go get in trouble what I want to see are
you hiding notes and they give this
unseats
clues to the next clue yeah I think I
saw it on a Christmas tree they're
supposed to be there can I see no I did
tell them nothing they're watching TV
guys really get me in trouble they told
me they said to go up here and see what
you guys are doing you're all gonna be a
part I don't work here there's the on my
computer okay we'll go back downstairs
only the chicken it looks good I know
it's it's cooling all the we finished
three people
hey guys only dinner but they're doing a
scavenger hunt Oh chicken looks
delicious all right check them on the
corn
yep the cordon still there and the rice
is still there yeah I did it such a good
chef shut the door shut it I know you
this come in here come here come here
shut the door explain what we're doing
why they want to go here things up the
hiding clues you guys work together as a
team okay dad we're not doing James it I
know I was mad I want to have a
competition how about we do Meese and
you guys oh okay and the loser has to
massage the other person's feet no I
might be on your team nice socks
bro thank you these are Prince's tards
latest reports she's done reports on
Great Danes and Taylor Swift how many
more days till Christmas one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
he took one down took one off one on
Saturday but I'm not supposed to I just
I forgot can you guys wait you excited
you excited for Christmas
yeah me too the only thing is excited
about is what cousins are going on I
know it's gonna kind of be a sad
Christmas you guys may be the Shaytards
Christmas special is not gonna be that
good this year Casey and Caylee and
Braley engaged are gonna cruise and then
Logan is in the MTC so there's me a lot
less people at our Christmas celebration
this year this will be Zeke's very first
Christmas yep you guys know that Zeke
turns one-year-old in two days he's
almost one years old one year old Holly
you're a good brother
Thanks it is time
or chicken what are you ticklish stuff
off of it no way you kidding me that's
the best part
she's scraped all the good stuff off you
know it's gonna be my piece like a
secret
what it's the holiday see it what they
make a mistake get mine heads up
everybody on my way year that's my hip
little brother so everyone's ink was
small and I was like what was it it was
like rock card was bigger than Zeke and
then Zeke was gonna get bigger than rock
card and then rock card will get bigger
than zinc again right now we're at the
stage where Zeke's bigger than rock
Jake's a good boy putting up with him
all the time he just looks at him like
what - what's the deal going a good
thing you were raised with all these
kids to put up with him huh Zeke that's
why we wanted to get a puppy because he
would be used to him you never know they
might hate kids
yeah especially when they have to do it
what are you doing under there
there's a giant dog Wiener under
crazy kid he's a good boy
okay everybody down with their dinner
clean up later okay we're going to the
living room for our scavenger hunt
princes tart has been planning this for
a week every Monday night as you guys
know we have family home evening explain
family home evening what is family home
evening good three spend time with your
family it's kind of like where you don't
get to spend time with your family at
school doing gymnastics and stuff and
then you can spend time with your family
cut by doing family night
oh good job princess are let me see that
this is our family home evening agenda
tonight the prayer is by Emma loofahs
the song is by geuvânio the scripture
let me
yes I'm given the scripture there's
always a lesson we have like a lesson
and then an activity is by Evie ah and
then there's a surprise okay so that's
our family home evening agenda star is
has seen better days
okay where do we start I'm ready I'm
ready I'm excited got your scriptures
got a scripture
okay good boy what scriptures let me see
I love you okay hold arms
hey Paul times
okay fold arms gotta pray Shh Briella
kids are you go thank you and please
book for safe homes on tonight around
episode right and that we can be
together as a family forever
family home amen
you are not being reverent did he get
some chicken
Oh Diggs get your chicken rock card Zig
some trouble yeah I took chicken off
your plate
all right we'll go back to when we start
the scavenger hunt oh the night Polly's
come
is bright young mother and child
this infant is not tender and mild
you're not being tender or mild here's a
secret about family help me mean you
can't get frustrated if it doesn't go
like it's planned because kids never
right um
okay sorry
Oh hands-on they have some trouble oh I
got a good bite okay so we are going to
do a scattered Nakatomi why do the
scavenger and we are going to follow the
stars to the star to Jesus while we do
it offline though just like the Wiseman
and the shepherds
so the first clue everything together
the first clue is where Santa puts
presents right here
I know on the tree I was singing the
chimney oh look look at that gonna rebel
baby tart come help us was it we're
toast toast I know it's in the toast
toaster oh I don't feel good okay let me
try get this one get it I think it's on
the side over there
hey what does it say says where you want
to watch a movie in my bed oh I see it
I'll get it okay what does that one say
where are the baby swings where the baby
swings well going up stairs going up
stairs where he swings know the things
in here isn't it
oh did you move the swing to complete
the cuddle I knew that I totally knew
that
oh yeah what does it say where fire is
born Oh
back downstairs oh yeah there might be
one in here you guys I'll check this one
there's three fireplaces is it here see
it do you see it
let's go look downstairs you see it son
tarde so that in there look in here you
have three fireplaces that's crazy Oh
found it okay take it
this one says where dad uploads a video
on the Internet back upstairs I'm gonna
get you how do I get you gonna get
one hugged her and said okay why are you
peepee in the body you peepee in the
potty in the backyard you sooner there
hey open sit in our bathroom this is
exciting
found it where laundry is done by our
lovely mom Oh
huh you can tell it's an princess or ten
ready hold on
see it open this open this in the dryer
look in the dryer you're not invited to
this party
you see it hi oh do we find it yep yeah
you found Jesus
we found Jesus by following the star are
those muddy buddies thanks Jesus for the
muddy buddies oh that's nice of him yes
man but we don't want frankincense and
myrrh we thank you trying to control the
dog all right we love you guys family
home evening is probably make me feel
any better I don't need some want some
of these yeah Mike oh you get your own
cuz yours come my back brother you don't
get any you were still in chicken off
the table that was an awesome scavenger
hunt
very fast good job that was fun though
thank you for setting that up hey guy
first one the next one will be much
harder won't it
good job I'm very impressed and we're
back another 20 met it Vlad for your
smiling faces over you join today's
venture you thumbs it up yeah come and
it wink in the tweeters of the
Facebook's hey I am feeling a lot better
thanks for all the well wishes yesterday
you guys I really appreciate it it's
good to be back have my health have my
vitality and what a scavenger hunt that
was I'm princess hard was so excited she
put that whole thing together click on
yesterday's vlog on say one to three
bars Adams Anna and there is a brand new
fam cave up me and Gavin played some
Mario Kart guess who won you can know it
got me Shay the winner click on it links
below right there the first link go
check it out on Polaris is a Polaris
polariscope ok like slow guys lassen
they see you tomorrow bye
