hello everybody welcome to one take
Sunday that's where the Shaytards spend
more time with each other it might not
happen to be on the computer editing and
uploading so Daddy Tarr just turns his
camera on does one take and then we just
upload it and spend time together okay
yeah welcome everybody hey that wasn't
Zeke you guys you guys thought it was
Zeke I know cuz you just turn on this
video and you're like oh they're dog and
talk that's amazing we just got on from
church wearing my hat and it's hi and
look what the kids are watching your
laugh is contagious dude
how come your laugh is so contagious
yeah it's damn cave me and centaur have
our own gaming show and it's live the
first two episodes are live right now if
you guys want to go watch it there are
two episodes that are up right now and
go check it out we played what do we
play dude Mario 3d World
Thank You Norah that's how good of a
video game show it is all three kids are
watching it first two episodes are up
link is below look right down here look
down here it says video description
right above that you see a link you
click on it go watch it right now so
excited about your tacos because by the
time we go from church I usually don't
eat anything in the morning and I'm
starving
what time is it it's 2:35 we usually get
up at like 9:00 by the time I get ready
for church like I never have breakfast
and so we come home from church and it's
2:30 in the afternoon and I haven't
eaten anything so I'm just hungry
I usually try to like find things bits
of food in the van on the way
Church family the church bag where we
have little you know things a rock hard
to do during sacrament meeting and he's
like is there any crackers goldfish
crackers on the way home I'm like
searching for anything I can find I'm so
hungry
oh babe I love you you're beautiful I
had a dream that we had a baby girl last
night I am not opposed to having another
girl I want to be done having kids you
guys but Colette feels like that we need
to have one more
she thinks we need to have one more girl
I don't know prefer but I just have that
feeling you know it was a weird dream
because you had the baby like in our
current time like like right now I'm
happy to wait nine months like there's
another one inside of you that pumpkin I
like your shirt let me see your shirt
that looks good prepare for something
like that and then in my mind I was kind
of excited because of how close they
were gonna be and then like in my dream
what happened as we woke up and she was
having the baby like in the bed and I
know I don't want you to have another
baby I just I can't help you what
happens in my dreams and then I like
delivered the baby myself I like pulled
the baby out and then like I handed it
to you and I feel like we're like at my
parents house and so then I went into my
mom's room I'm like hey mom you want to
see our new baby like try and act
nonchalant she's like what you had
another baby I'm like yeah we had
another baby last night and you were in
there feeding it and then the umbilical
cord hadn't been cut yet so then I was
looking for scissors to cut the
umbilical cord but then I was like I
need a zip tie in my dream I was looking
for scissors and a zip tie so I could
zip tie the umbilical cord and cut it
see I'm mr. MacGyver in my dreams I'm a
doctor MacGyver in my dreams you think
there's another little baby girl up
there and heaven waiting for us comes my
family maybe but I can call you it's
gonna be a while before that happens our
family would be eight strong in that
case that's a big family uh speaking of
families I have a question for you guys
and I want you to answer this honestly
what you think I asked this question to
mommy turn on the way home because today
at church our lesson was on families and
about how we strengthen our families so
my question to you is do you think
society today right now in 2013 and
popular culture music TV movies shows
that we watch that kind of popular
culture society today do you think it is
trying to strengthen families or trying
to destroy families what do you guys
think
get your friends your families do you
feel like families are getting stronger
or do you think they're getting pulled
apart should we tell them what we think
or just wait tell me what you think well
I would say it totally depends on which
piece of pop culture because I don't
think that they're actively trying to
destroy from me but I think they're not
really focused on strengthen it like I
can think of a few shows that maybe are
but most most pop culture focuses on
like self and self gratification I feel
like what do you mean by self
gratification like what songs give me a
name an artist
give me an artist and a song title are
you talking do what you want with my
body that one there's a lot of yeah like
self gratification in the world okay but
what are they laughing about it here
hold on let's do a video game of it what
do you guys laughing at jumping on my
head still watching this you want to
play video games with Daddy yeah climb
the top of the five pole we're cats we
forgot about that I feel like we maybe
get flack it's me
then I went to the next level don't fall
in don't fall in don't fall in
oh it's like this just think it's good
well you guys have watched six minutes
of it that's me and son tired
I used Sun tarts real name in the video
game because I figure like I don't know
some new webseries I don't have to be
calling him son tired all the time
anyways I get nervous about families
because I feel like I just tweeted this
I said no nation can reach higher than
the strength of its families yet turn
this so yeah people like the cleanest
back that is actually a quote by Thomas
s Monson who is the president and
prophet of our church I said no nation
can rise higher than the strength of its
families and I can nervous because the
kids every time they come home they're
talking about how like one of the kids
from school their parents are getting a
divorce or how you know like his mom and
like the other day I think it was
princess chard she was talking about how
like her friend had to go to her dad's
after school because you know they have
to like take turns like mom and like one
day that she goes to her mom's after
school the next day she goes her dad's
after school now if she didn't want to
go to her dad's because he was mean or
something like that and I just like it
makes me nervous not nervous but you
know I just feel this there's a lot of
families there's a lot of families that
have to suffer through that so how do we
strengthen families I really feel like
that is the foundation of our society
there is nothing more important to me in
this world than family and some of you
might not like to hear that because you
have experienced a similar thing where
your family has fallen apart for
whatever reason but I really believe
that you can rise above that like you
can create the family that you want even
if the family that you're a part of like
with your mom and dad didn't work out
you can create a family that's strong
and it's done by all those cliches
through love and sacrifice and being
willing to be open and honest with each
other just in communication that's a
majority of the reasons why families
fall apart is because of the lack of
communication or selfishness
I think even you know because there are
you know I've come from a blended family
and my stepmother was divorced and just
seeing that the things that they had to
go through that we're super difficult
and just like the emotional turmoil of
all of it it's just so hard on families
yeah especially for kids I feel like
it's such a very big part I mean the del
developmental years of children where
they are you know the early years ten
years old to the teenagers those are
your developmental years where you count
on your mom and dad to be there for you
and when they're fighting in there
constantly Cheeta Cheeta at each other's
throats it hurts you it hurts your
personality it hurts you emotionally um
oh and even I was I was very shocked by
how many of you guys have social anxiety
I talked about that in the vlog the
other day when I went to the YouTube
space and I asked do any of you
experience social anxiety I was really
blown away by the amount of comments of
people who said they have social anxiety
like nervous to talk to people nervous
to go out in public and just like feel
like this really anxious feeling like
they don't want to leave the house and
like they want to avoid talking to
people I feel like I've had bouts of
that but never a constant
how'd you overcome it just doing it you
just got to do it right he's gonna suck
it up and do it I think that most of
that is in like teenagers and then you
sort of like you grow into yourself and
you're more confident with yourself
which makes you more in confident in
front of people right love yourself
making sure the turkey actor cute oculus
you know as we love you guys it is
Sunday we just got home church black ass
said we're gonna be watching these video
games let's go see if they're still
watch him is it over
do you guys like our family do you guys
think we have a good family who's me
that's me and Gavin we're going to get
Bowser
we need five stars to get in the bath Oh
remember this one dude this was intense
Gavin had to go get five green stars on
this level and I ended up like taking
the controller from him then he took it
back from me it was intense remember
that okay you guys right here you can go
to Polaris go and you can watch me in
Sun tarts new video gaming show called
fam cave there's two episodes there's
two episodes up right now fam cave one
and fam cave part two so you can go
watch both episodes live right now on
the Internet
about blending families and all that
whole jazz is that it can be done I mean
it was difficult at first having you
know there's a horse and there's a death
in the family then we blend these two
families it was really difficult at
first but it it it has happened and we
all love each other like lotuses yeah
I'm not saying that you have to have
your biological mother and father a
family can be made up of a lot of
different things but strengthening those
bonds even when it gets tough to keep
working through it and not like turn
your backs on each other yeah
okay we love you guys we're gone we'll
see you tomorrow
please watch those videos we had a lot
of fun and if they do well we'll do a
lot more I think there's four more
episodes that we already filmed but we
have a blast me and Gavin really enjoyed
it so the links are right here go click
on those right now right now right now
right click right now right now please
right now right now right click right
watch them as a family good
right now right here right below read
below description video click it click
it click it click it
