alright alright alright now let's get
serious this channel is the Shaytards
channel this channel is gonna be just to
do whatever I want with videos make you
feel good is entertaining you to bring
some joy to your life and that's how
they're foreign
we recently do these videos continue to
do these videos is because we feel like
we are honestly making a change
I would say this is a dream come true of
a dream I never knew I even had
hi I'm walking here okie dokie haha
hey frosty how's it going hey Sun tart
how's it going hey Oh easy should I tell
them a story about how you bashed my
friends kids head into the side of the
door what come on that guy's I have not
always been great with children hey I
didn't babysit that mom you never heard
that story okay I'm gonna tell you the
story I don't care if you've heard it
you're gonna hear it again
where you going I'm ugly should I cut my
hair don't answer that I know I'm ugly
alright so when me and your mom were
first dating we weren't even married yet
I took her over to one of my high school
friends house and they had just had
their first baby mm-hmm come here babe
were you out you need to be here while I
tell this story know why we were head of
graduated at a baby high school that
means we might be late if I don't hurry
okay buckland Minh anyways your mom was
holding the baby yeah show him okay
she was holding the baby and she was
walking his head was sticking out come
over here and it was probably about that
age huh wasn't it she was walking out of
a doorway holding it like that looking
at it and she whacked its head on the
side of the thing and it was like the
baby started crying and I was like sorry
I'm just dating this girl I don't really
know her and then I was like maybe she's
not gonna be a very good mom cuz chick
she's wack and baby's head's on the side
of doors but turned out right think so
yeah he's taking me to know my being
right we are gone we're going on a date
time huh babe the legal denied all day
look she whacked this guy said now he's
passed out method of mine is taken out
that's how I get him down for a nap
let's hammer to the head that's not
funny
quit making more strokes sontar that's
not nice murder let me punch you in the
head
make sure you got the buckle tight to
see how you three point stretch don't
it's a five inch drop shape oh my god
hey Zeke you inherited Malakai voice sit
sit sit
that's not sitting sit sit Zeke sit no
stretch whatever I guess that's good
sure you should really try a shot on oh
let's go see with a little ladies love
the winch are you doing pull your pants
up I think I just saw your butt crack
butt crack tard hey what are you doing
you making some breast buyouts how cool
yeah awesome
what do you make him oh that was wrong
nice push bro Oh Sookie old suit my
Levin you go boy you guys want to see
what the girls have done let's turn the
lights off
it's a Merry Christmas in here what
that's nice very Merry Christmas
oh yeah he did his room too huh you did
it for him are you an interior designer
yes I saw your char you want to go show
us come give us a tour explain to us
what you've done I love what you've done
with the place
let's see it move it move it move it
let's see this toward rooms and whites
all right let's see explain to us what
you have done I love it the ambiance is
great that's good you did this for him
we made a star what does the star
represent Oh little town of Bethlehem
how still we see thee
ah okay singing the song of all the
magic we get paid for the chores okay
where's the chore chart over there and
and me in her room - or did you do a
chair yeah cheer up cheer at orator a
church or at work okay so what have you
guys done let's see all right so these
are the chore charts this is how the
kids can earn money they do the dishes
dish help vacuum vacuum these are all
bath bath yes so when you guys get paid
how much you gonna pay hurt the interior
design your room for you what did you
charge him did you you you know quote
him a cost five bucks
that's what for Chris room Chris yeah
that's what she did you agree to that
you have to come yep
come on that's some I know I forgot how
you said three dollars two dollars
negotiations all fifty cents you're a
shrewd businesswoman princess tired
honey you got some negotiation going on
in here 250 if you want princess start
to decorate your room we have some pro
negotiators did you see that I changed
some of the chores oh why were there
more than $2 for some that I'm like that
is not a $2.00 which I change it to $1
they got to work hard to make their
money what like with vacuuming that's
not our job it's a dollar job fish up
pay up dude where's your 250 the job's
done you got to pay no Brown doing it on
20 you passed it for what pay up
the job is done you got to pay Heys pay
up I am paying you crap so uh there are
probably some people that are wondering
like there are certain things they have
to do just because they live here you
don't get paid for doing it you know
everything picking up dog crap help and
clear the table cleaning your own room
well when we got the dog you guys said
we'll help we'll help let's go
you said that you don't clean your us we
have to clean him for yourself so why
can't he clean up himself
Zeke cuz he doesn't have opposable
thumbs dude well he should grow some
well that's what I told him but he just
barked barked at me but yeah that's the
deal if you live in this house you have
to help out just because you live here
but there are certain jobs that will pay
them for because we want to teach them
that if you work you earn money but also
at the same time if you live in this
house you just have to do certain things
like you know keep the homeostasis of
the house clean but there are certain
things they can do to earn money so
we're trying to teach them how to work
to gain some money because that's how
you get money Zeke you work two dollars
and for the bet we did if she saw her
seek me and I just like want to be in
every cliff today we're fine right now
she owes me four dollars yeah well we'll
pay you once a week okay you guys so you
do your chores mark them off and then
once a week we'll get some cash out
we'll go to the chore board and we'll
pay out all right um next Friday
sister days Friday what happened okay
we'll pay we can pay you tonight
actually
we'll start every Friday's payday okay
up top you guys just watching shakers
vlog is like like watching old creeper
ball yeah
openly watched the other one I was four
years ago that little shower dancing man
is not so shower Nancy right now he's in
dreamland
oh my goodness look at that
hardware dude impressive that's a big
trophy man give me five proud of you got
your nut huggers on and everything look
at that trophy son tard got from
swimming you work hard one day bro you
can grow up and you
have a trophy is big okay gotta work
hard though yeah you're chopping Mia
love you guys
thank you watch your bead Oh have a
Merry Christmas would you want to
Christmas do a low bar
I will robot going to go to lots of
candy I love candy it's a message ho ho
I'm Jana gasps we cook and the soft what
is a baby like honey but you're buckling
up may call me some cute be sure glad
you guys are awesome I love deep - ey oh
oh yes you will a little boy I love you
I love you daddy
