but I strive to meet them
you make thoughts of squeaky noises that
I just love it's like it's like a door
opening but cute like show me what I'm
talking about I love my babies can you
tell Hey is that how you ask me for
something what do you say say I want a
taco please mom please please mom long
as you say please notice how the first
time he said it I want to talk home mom
he skipped the please gotta learn how to
say please little man he's totally
listening right now is my alert you're
reading a book again you're writing a
book again yeah what book is that it's
called the miraculous journey of Edward
tonight where did you get that book
that's a book for our brand that's cool
once you start reading it yesterday I
didn't know you read it wait is that
where you are yeah you started reading
it yesterday she will look he's it's
about a China rabbit so good I was never
that kind of a reader
I think sundries read more books in his
entire life than I have in my entire
life
okay maybe not but maybe have you read
it good news okay well don't tell me
don't owe your spoiler alert spoiler
alert alert alert alert alert that's
rude you can't tell people if they
haven't read it you can't tell them what
happens you have to ask say dude are you
planning on reading it do you want me to
tell you then you can tell no besides
you did your face is dirty you need to
go wash it okay you know Dasher and
dancer and Prancer and vixen
you know Comet and Cupid and Donner and
Blitzen
but do you recall when we did Christmas
songs last year ding it realized
Christmas is like snuck up on us and we
haven't done any like Christmas songs
last year we did jingle bells and hark
the herald angels sing check out those
videos linked in some description
somewhere near you down below down below
all right I'm headed to the YouTube
space to go to two baths on Shira Lazar
and then what's trending crew do this
every year I think this might be the
third annual or maybe second annual
basically they get a bunch of youtubers
together and do some good I think Ford
is donating like 10 bucks per hashtag
retweet to Covenant House all know more
information soon I'm on my way there oh
just wondering though do you guys get
social anxiety like when you're going
out and there's gonna be a lot of people
that you know you know maybe it's like a
big party or an event you kind of feel
nervous and you're like how do I look
fat in this I look stupid are people
gonna judge me we all do it right isn't
it interesting how we all have those
insecurities no matter what there's some
people to have social anxiety worse than
others I'm pretty good just cuz I'm just
you know I feel fine but I feel it too I
feel nervous I feel like a lot of people
like think my beard is ugly or maybe I'm
a little bit chubby and people think I'm
gaining weight back or maybe there's
some people who don't agree with my
religion or you know you start to feel
all those like things in your mind that
you get like nervous about how do you
overcome that what are some of your
secrets that's why last night for
instance we went to that maker studios
party and nobody was on the dance floor
and like me and all the kids are dancing
and princess are he comes up to me shows
dad everybody else is lame why isn't
anybody dancing and jokingly I said not
to print a star but to mommy tart I said
because they're not drunk enough yet
because you know how it is when you get
to a party and nobody's dancing because
nobody's gotten any drinks in them
hey I got some water y'all and rest
you guys just caught me mid blog how
embarrassing
Lorna to bath on are we supposed to be
there at 4:15 we're late together
walking together luckily we got in a
wreck let's get the rest yeah I agree
when you have to give your car back
that's Lane you should wreck it tonight
you won one do I saw you in a magazine
on the airplane I was like that's Joe
alright
good day proud of you okay I'm following
you guys that's Joe nation and Jess
Lezama - my favorite friend youtubers
isn't that fun I'm excited now okay here
we go we're trying a little dog training
right now okay try to get him to stay I
remember stay I don't think he had much
trouble with that one yeah good job
honey
all right here we are at the event so
what straining to bath on it's a they're
gonna donate $1 for every tweet to
Covenant House we're about to step on
the blue carpet or still be turn around
the blue carpet yeah let's get a listen
on till ball screws oh look at that it's
gonna be on all the Google Images for
Toby Turner there he is hey watch my
name is Toby I'm a handsome devil like
your mom Toby see your monster I'm part
of the camera
ready get an enjoyable we're in the
block this we're the joint alright one
on the blue carpet right now and there's
a polar bear on the blue carpet I just
finished at my blue carpet pictures
Chester see you guys George Takei you
guys know him from Star Wars a Star Trek
is George Takei from Star Trek Star Trek
thank you okay Chester did you eat your
pictures Chester Chester cut your
picture dome anyone see I posed yep I
want to see this
take this there yes I'm doing a zoom in
on George Takei right now
Star Trek can you recognize him yeah
there's the star of the evening I'm
Shira Lazar showing up demon burger on
the end of the carpet I'm working on my
kill the reindeer to get that hat
all right so I'm about to do my bit I'm
gonna be aligned with Santa this is the
great thing about the YouTube space
check this out they got all kinds of
just sex spaces where people can come
shoot their YouTube videos and they have
a pacman game this is legit some of you
guys he has a real beer apparently this
is the house Santa for Rob Dyrdek's
Fantasy Factory this is the Santa Claus
that they have on MTV or rob dyrdek
that's him that's the I would like to
see these two beards Rob up next to each
other that looks by husband not salmon
what are you gonna ask Santa for for
Christmas you're also here enjoying
yourself and having a good time great
has next quick guess the movement what
are you gonna get first from kids
reading Pizza downstairs and I bring it
and ran upstairs cuz I heard that it
came back on and it was Shane I've been
watching for a while waiting to come on
I'm excited oh my goodness are you kids
watching sure hope not okay I watched
you take this over hey you guys tweet to
Bataan it's like you're spending for
it's money you want to spend a dollar
affords money right yeah we do with on
hashtag Fiesta move it Joey the kids
actually we're watching but they're not
in one crime in the meantime we're gonna
see a little holiday greeting from
pentatonix
so fun I love my honey he's always just
amazed I got him hi baby boy mom I had
to put a better outfit on I'm so cool
right now he was getting hot his little
feet were getting sweaty in this little
onesie so now we're gonna put a
different one on him I'm sure you guys
want to hear all my outfit selections
for the baby
calm down baby do one watch two pathan
with mommy yes just stick your tongue
out make a statement tell him how you
really feel I'm sorry but everything he
does is cute to me everything just
watched tobyturner in his cashew song
funny I was laughing out loud are you
laughing don't you laugh why don't you
laugh my little bug my little bug you
must laugh that was funny silly
that was scary mom voice huh it was
growling at you don't scare the baby
guys gosh would you just stop skipping
the baby
we got a little chocolate for our to the
thumb party over here this here
Jackson's
it's funny because they weren't watching
in Jackson alrighty then thanks to Shira
Lazar Damon Berger we had such a
fantastic night at 2:00 but thought
second-annual through pathan raised a
lot of money for Covenant House doing
some good things for those kids I'm
really appreciative of those guys just
you know yeah thanks for watching our
vlogs if you want to watch more of our
vlogs then click on the stockings on the
fireplace you want to see what we were
doing last year click on the one that's
the blue stocking two years ago that's
the yellow one hey you want to see what
the Shaytards are doing three years ago
click on that pink Stocki
and then the maroon one is four years
ago yesterday is that calendar over my
head and if you want to see what's I'm
feeling lucky but I got something
special for you click on that one
buy some socks and calendars and tweet
and subscribe thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
do you know say okay yeah sweet bro
alright peace out love you guys really
no seriously seriously I'm under your
bed
I'm in a bag I'm hiding in the closet on
your bed I'm two people who
