hi hey baby boy hi hello hi he's been
smiling at me this morning yes you are I
stick that tongue out you just stick it
out yo I love you you're killing me with
cuteness oh yes
what are you doing why don't you pay
attention to me Oh Zeke hey I love you
too
I love you too which is not as quite as
cute you were once but then you grew up
it happens to all of us I know it
happened to me too
we all got to grow up and then we run
cute but he's still cute
I do ditto baby you're still cute all
right let's see it he showed me how you
drive the car so me back card has just
informed me he's driving a car
whoa how fast are you going yeah yeah
sound gone Oh guys it's pretty fun
having a three-year-old I mean you got
to admit babies are cute you know the
older kids they're smart and witty but
babies they're fun
I mean three-year-olds they're fun
they're silly and just creative totes
create he creating graham cracker cars
in the back seat of the Honda in the
back seat of the Honda
it's another song II day today guys I
got songs all up in here okay friends is
hard has something exciting to show us
okay
mobile suit me oh you did a project on
great day
this is that looks like Zeke's another
Oh your baby boo that with a new puppy
how cool we doing about great things
about anything interesting and you have
my hat you had fun that's awesome okay
what do you want a shot okay I'm so
excited what's in the bag watch that nut
bag soap soap needs it so carving so
Colleen haha
that's awesome well I trying to make a
heart still attracted that's a so part
you tried to show heart way would you
stop you're just like your daddy
the first one I broke cuz I was being
too aggressive
yeah thanks so the second one I just
started to make a heart and
yep so all you're using is what are you
using to cut it with just a plastic oh
yeah and I make you anything at school
and that's fun yeah it's in my bag right
now you guys are so creative I'm super
excited to see when you finish your so
part baby's hard what awesome and
created thing are you doing today hmm
art that's it just art in general just a
conglomerate of art cool the Sun sighs
what I find that I you know like point
the camera or something and not having
to say so I try to turn it into a song
and about 80% of the time it'd be more
song it need to be more sing sometimes I
think some good songs and then we end up
uploading a YouTube video called the
song song by my socks wings well
rainbows I live do Dib dude Juba dude I
wear my wife sunglasses so we're headed
right now the Jackson nurse is in town
and he's rented a beach house cuz
Jackson likes the beach hey we just
pause once again to admire your beauty
well you're sweet cuz I was just talking
about these wrinkles you're starting to
get old you're 32 are you 32 no 31 I
knew that I definitely knew that I knew
all everything about you everything
there is what do I not know about you we
have been together for 11 years is there
something I do not know is there a
secret you've never told me do you know
about the secret tree that you and your
friend used to go to when you were kids
I know about that do you know about the
first time I swore really loud you
jumped off of a tree into a river and
you said the Shi T word
yeah I know all right I know every
single thing ask me more this is spun
heart sounds like this ask me another
one
ask me another one ask me another one
okay do you remember the first yeah it
was sweet our honeymoon today whoa
the first time we had creme brulee it's
delicious
we're gonna say sick when I have lied to
my parents where I was gonna go and
you're gonna go yeah you're gonna say
you're gonna sleep over but then you had
TP and yet your first kiss that's yeah
that's a good one I was thinking of a
different one Oh what sorry I jump to
conclusions what was it what were you
thinking you like your parents about
what it was before that when I lie to my
parents about going to a friend's house
and I went to a boy's birthday
Colette's parents did not believe in
birthdays and especially skating
birthdays they were way against it
didn't believe in boys that's the same
for our daughters but then if we
restrict them are they just gonna lie
and go behind our back I lied and I felt
bro guilty and I'm already sure they
know cuz parents know everything when's
the last time you guys lied to us son
card don't lie don't lie cuz zut might's
there's these little bugs that get in
your mattress are called gesundheit it's
like every time you sneeze you shoot
them out of your mouth and they get in
your pillow and they eat all your hair
goes loot might make it things up airy
for comedy purposes don't look at my
wrinkles look at the map we got to
figure out how to get to Jackson
Harris's beach house okay we're going to
Jackson heiresses beach house
you guys ready to see the sunset on the
jakir beach house sunset plan you look
handsome
and then what tell me one more thing I
put rock chart in the outfits at Jackson
wha him so he could see a bro card
Oh what did I say you said Rock guard we
have lots of kids okay and then we're
going to the maker studios Christmas
partay
because we like Christmas and we work at
maker studios or maker studios works for
us I don't know about tired yeah review
the footage I do that all the time I do
it with the real names and their target
games
stop looking at my wrinkles
nice race danboy strays morning at night
are you doing that noontime to morning
okay right face good eyes ain't it
okay here we go to Jackson IRS's beach
house bye look you guys it's Santa Claus
hey Santa Oh an LAPD happy Santa why
Santa Claus they're watching Santa
Santa's getting busted he has three
pounds of pot in the back of that seaway
oh oh Santa's out delivering to the
naughty kids before the season yeah it's
the holiday season holidays season dooby
doo dickory dock the sing-along linglong
dingen the Duggar house we're almost
there
Jack's Narus that's not each house
what's up
I wish it was my beach house I wish I
could say that it was might be no just
say this is your Beach my beach house
your bicoastal via air B&B my rancid
stinger you're supposed to act cool be
like yeah when I'm in Cali I stay here
my beach house yeah that's and that you
had said about me sir Rock yard don't
fall off of Jackson Harris's beach house
deck cambro then I'll own your YouTube
channel that I'll be selling shakers out
look at that that's not too shabby real
estate you know what they say in real
estate Jackson what is a location
location location and actually I visited
California probably over 100 times my
whole life is family I've never actually
like been on the beam I'm animating and
there's a fire we're gonna go make some
s'mores by the fire we're gonna watch
the sunset and then we're going
skinny-dipping who's ready to go
skinny-dipping
easy weirdo also when you're on the
beach
weird homeless people like that what
he's just really sir sir can we ask you
to go far property sir gears back away
there we go he just happens to be base
free and he also happens to be homeless
on the beach here and just you know
hanging out clothes are food he's in
Jackson span we're just teasing and
we're giving him guff we're just giving
you got bro we're golf givers a lot of
guff to give ladies what do you think
about this do you guys want to stay here
I'll just buy it okay let's buy us hey
you guys links below to buy some more
shake our lock let's start an IndieGoGo
campaign to be the first person to be
like can you buy us here's the thing
that I have thought about I've been
tempted to before to be like okay I will
promise to do another five years of
daily vlogs if you guys bias this beach
house and then we'll install cameras in
the shower in the closets under the bed
what are you down for that
no check out our IndieGoGo by Shaytards
a beach house calm and that means
there'll be a always standing guestroom
for me but I like one to shower
yesterday there's windows in the shower
and they're doing construction next door
and she had a nice neighbor for a little
bit we could say that the construction
we had dirt from the shower the window a
bit so whoever was on the ladder didn't
get a show but besides that but yeah mom
don't look like you fit right Indian so
you lived on the beach got your yeah
Rustom bar suite marathon Oh check out
shaycarl shirts below where'd you get
that shirt I'm take it on my closet yeah
alright I proof I approve of that
alright hey buddy boy is this cool
alright he's having a good time do you
look at this this is the hallway I could
deal with views like this look at this
sunset look at your shadow on the wall
walk like an Egyptian this is so pretty
man this Gordon there's like all kinds
of cool Sun flares going on JJ Abrams's
eat your heart out walk like an Egyptian
well there's a cool blue dog look at the
pale blue dot are you walking like an
Egyptian yes and I like the fireplace -
yeah
I like the rock the stone is great rock
to our loves this balcony what do you
think buddy you want get out and see the
fire not cool look at the ocean of sun
setting look at the Sun it's setting on
the water the sun's gonna go inside the
water isn't that cool
yeah you guys the Sun setting come out
here zoom this in there it goes why are
going and we're gonna make more do I'm
gonna go downstairs and I got hurry with
we're like losing precious time right
now I saw a shot in my mind's eye I'm
gonna get a sunset shot through the fire
this is me cool remove this chair there
it is there's the money shot right there
on the beach watching the sunset right
next to the fire oh there it is ah
that's magical that is magical everybody
who sees that magic get out of my shot
you're in my shot Rastafari we just saw
dolphins dolphins come on dude I swear
show your fin it's gonna be buzzing
where is it we just saw dolphins there
it is there it is there it is I see it I
see it I see it a dolphin this is such a
magical evening we have fires and
sunsets and dolphins and boats and
bikers and dolphins
oh and s'mores and babies I want to see
the dolphin again I was so close yes
there are oh they're moving so they are
or great white trucks with that guy
season that guy season
there they are doubled dolphins all the
way across the sky babe this is all for
you a dolphin or a beach house okay
coming so I could get a vote Jackson you
always are thinking about us all right
we need two dolphins right around 6:15
the mango we're losing the light
dolphins dude this is cool
the beach is such a magical place the
first time we moved down here to
California about four years ago I just
remember coming down here and just being
like we live here just so awesome I'm
running to the volleyball net right now
because the children are playing the
volleyball on the volleyball net you
guys having fun
who's winning balls out what are you
doing
would you get a soccer ball yeah net
ball here comes oh right there okay you
guys stand us okay look at the airplane
there it goes where are you going I'm
gonna get you when I get you I'm gonna
get you it will hit you in the head
let's slap your mama they're gonna fall
down you're gonna fall down look at
those lips beat precious little feet oh
he's down I love you there he goes off
into the sunset
tackle him got him - to start are you
winning score what's the score goal
it's what - what - to zero oh you lose
hey hey two points bro you come back
why should this is not too shabby am I
overreacting about it not too shabby
how many kids get to experience
something like this you know on a
Wednesday evening all righty then it's
art I think Lamar Jackson your mall is
on fire bro you need to have better malo
management no you got to get the it gets
crispy any burnout see you don't know
man they be tired don't listen to
Jackson these are New York methods dude
let's have a nice finally browned
marshmallow yeah I can USB I knew I
liked your dog all right
every time you get a Christian way and
get a new one
oh the truth comes out that's actually
probably true isn't it yeah not like
that crispy listen way good listen
listen mmm not bad you know what's the
best if you burn it you light it all on
fire then you pull off the burned layer
and eat the mono you eat the burn layer
it's like oh yeah
no it's good dude golden-brown your dude
high five optimal Oh bro no ma low fives
yeah all right I'm about ready to go
with the Hershey's and the graham
cracker oh yeah my fingers yours you get
it got longer than an 8-inch stick my
hands burn off here I got dolphins sauce
with your short sticks bro listen I got
a short stick complex that's weird
we'll talk about on par no don't say
that because I'm gonna have a hundred
comments where's the podcast we can do a
podcast we have a baby instead you guys
that is where this is where the podcast
is right here there's the podcast yeah
what's better than that face there's
your podcast so blame him all right
there's princess charge mellow it fell
on the fire an Oreo what happened here's
a start welcome say hey too bad you can
make another one okay I mean while mine
is ready for consumption
oh my look at that
that's nice that is real nice all right
now are at the maker studios party check
this out we were pulling up and son
cards like whoa
makers really step in their game up
there's like a walkway with Christmas
lights here comes all the maker studios
employees we got Christmas trees here at
the maker studios party oh look it's so
festive oh oh oh
Jackson Harris dudes con tard maybe put
your ball in there dude thank you for
your service probably gone I'm supposed
to bring some toys and we forgot because
we're selfish greedy people
I throw him in there I'll play him in
there you're gonna go to Toys for Tots
for families without kids okay can you
get in you get in the box no put your
ball in there dude you put that in there
just sacrifice this ball the Cretaceous
you had an emergency balls we can do I
already made that joke Jackson oh sure
you I mean chat taker sure take it
Afghanistan was a jolly merry soul and
they saw they say as he walked away it's
frosty guys go inside the party
wanna Christmas party oh no - ladies and
gentlemen - I want to hear my song baby
Mandar can't help himself
DJ son tour not too much don't scratch
it too much it's a little bit oh my god
okay you guys remember Emily please get
on the back from the sock song video
she's in charge of this whole party she
put all this together I don't have my
socks on but all right well good yeah
but you look great you look great thank
you
all right let's go look we're in the
winter wonder I'm gonna get out go down
glue the gingerbread house
look at this maker studios Candy Cane
Lane gumdrop forest but they got the
maker logo right in the gingerbread
house you see that attention to detail
nice job Emily the whole winter
wonderland maker wonderland it says here
you see it like going oh yeah that scary
snowman when you guys think of this
you've got cupcakes this is cool rock
tour she did an amazing job she did
really good yeah cool wonder on asleep
oh that's how good of a party it is so
never mind
hey I know you miss me when I'm back and
hey it's Brett do you remember me anyway
I'm back I'm sure I saw ed involved what
a five-year do you want a six-year cuz I
can about me what do you get
I don't think so Brett hey get out of
the candy canes and these two
troublemakers
oh it's Lisa no going on
caitli and this is the hugging at the
maker studios that's what you need
that's what you need snow angel because
no angels going on you know it's no
angel hey we thought you ought to do
snow angels did you learn that from gage
yeah that's hilarious
now get up let's see your back let me
see your back gage turn around around oh
yeah you're slippery got snow there's so
everywhere nice job secret investors
yeah there we go there we go
alright the party favors are we brought
lisanova is about to hold our baby
always got my hair oh he's passing on
the YouTube torch don't go on the hairs
basically you need to start having some
of those have a baby dude dudes you guys
I wanna level with you
I like today's vlog between the sunset
on the beach and just being at the maker
studios Christmas party is insane I know
I say that a lot I know I'm like dude
can you guys believe how much did you
change whoa so crazy ROI but it has you
guys have been on this journey with us
there's some of you that we're here from
day one and you followed this little
family from Idaho out to sunny Southern
California to start a little company
called maker studios which now has
almost 400 employees it is astounding at
how big it's grown and what it's turned
into and what our lives have turned into
and we have a video every day
documenting it it will be quite the
journey to look back in 20 years and all
of these memories and experiences and
I'm so glad we have them I hope you guys
like today's vlog please thumbs it up it
really helps us if you thaw it up if you
comment on it you share it on Facebook
if you tweet it it really helps our
family and we really appreciate when you
guys share these videos I think this is
a great video to share it was a fun one
just listen go to your neighbor's house
go outside walk over your neighbor's
house knock on their door be like could
I shared internet video with you and
share it with your neighbors and laugh
together with your smiles
all right click on yesterday's vlog it's
the calendar right above my head and if
you want to see what the Shaytards are
doing all those years ago
you can go back to that four year you
see that red stocking you can see when
we made the decision to move out to
California to start this little company
three two one you know the drill Phil
and lucky box down on the bottom right
open that little gift and it'll be some
Yuletide excitement for you if you want
to follow us on all the social media
it's on the mantel just check out the
top of the mantel okay we love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow
