hi I'm logging here what are you saying
honey and tell them what you just said I
don't know when he's talking about it
but he keeps hitting mom you don't have
to cry you don't have to grind it like
I'm crying I'm not crying hey baby
crying are you yes hi guys okay
hello oh yeah okay oh gosh tired
be quiet time communiclique editing
sevens and I got 9 minutes 4 seconds and
4 is my lucky number so 4 seconds look
at this little man it's just discovering
his world the little world it's right
around him ha hey Oh was that almost a
smile
I'm sensing us likes my fall yeah oh
look at him kind of care in the world he
needs to wear his little school jammies
like that little school thank you and he
doesn't have to worry about a thing
doesn't have to worry about bills no you
don't he doesn't have to worry about
where his next meal is coming from
because we all know where that's coming
from huh he's so precious he's getting
better you guys he's getting better
about sleeping a little bit through the
night and all those things I'm still
feel super exhausted but it's only a
short while so I'm trying to like be
calm and not let things get to me cuz
you know when you're tired and you're
sleep-deprived the little things kind of
like a they get to you so I'm really
sincerely trying not to do
and my house is trashed oh I'm so
embarrassed every time I turn the camera
on I'm like don't show him my dirty sink
don't show my laundry cuz I just cannot
get to it all I really cannot do it so
just the what happens when you have a
baby guys you got to give yourself a
little break for a few months
right little punkin no laundry for you
mom I need you I need you to be me yeah
oh my goodness I'm not sure if you meant
to do that but it wasn't cute that's not
a bad sky that is blue gorgeous clouds I
can appreciate that that could make me
happy right there speaking of happiness
ha ha ha ha shut up I'm going to talk
about happiness right now with a famous
dude a famous dude I like duck famous
dude um no I'm going to a podcast with a
guy named Brody Stephens you might have
heard of him he's a stand-up comedian he
was in both of the hangover movies he's
good friends with Zach Galifianakis
hilarious one of my favorite beards in
Hollywood Zach Cass Zach Galifianakis I
call him the g-man
you know me and Zach know I've never met
him uh but this guy Brody Stephens has a
podcast I'm gonna go beyond right now he
also has a brand new Joe on Comedy
Central called enjoy it I believe I
believe that's what it's called and I'm
excited to go talk to Brody Stephens
right now I to be honest in full
disclosure I'd never heard of him before
he was also in due date with Robert
Downey jr. like in the opening scene of
due date I did recognize him from that
and then also I saw him do like stand up
on Conan's show you heard of him O'Brien
C's I call him C's know I know making
stuff up anyways so this dude it has
like a lot of connections and he asked
me to be on his podcast go talk about
like positivity about choosing happiness
and crap so I'm headed there right now
and I'm excited and a little nervous you
don't see the Hollywood sign check it
out
hey there and then I went on the Brody
Stevens show I tried to be funny maybe I
humiliated myself maybe he hates me now
then I whacked myself in the head with a
gigantic rubber band it was a great time
go check out the show Brody's a great
guy he has a new show on Comedy Central
go check out the video links below love
you bye
on a gorgeous California sunset the sky
is the cotton candy I don't know I can't
think of any good songs I'm lame huh huh
you dancin bro
what are you doing out here why are you
cleaning up the poop made a bet when did
we make a bet you're playing video games
sand what happened well and if you want
and I lost them I had to clean up my
backyard hmm
anyone so yesterday when me and Sant are
doing our new video game shoot we've had
a little wager cuz he was getting a
little cocky cuz he'd beat me and I said
okay I'll make you a bet on this next
game I said if I win my camera board I
hit was gonna give him probably
something nothing cool but I said if you
lose you have to pick up all the poop in
the backyard all by yourself and he
agreed because he was feeling confident
but I came to victorious our first
episode of me and son tards gaming show
is gonna be uploaded this Sunday stay
tuned for the link of where it's gonna
be it's not gonna be on YouTube still
don't know exactly where to tell you
where to go yeah so just stay tuned hi
you guys so I'm hey telling shade
through the house because I know that
he's doing his video stuff and he'll
probably hear that hey tell us before
he'll help me cure me yelling at him
what do you think maybe tard am i right
what you want to say something to that
real quick ready looks ready oh okay
like to get over cake yeah sorry a lot
of blank messages coming through here
say something daddy I wanted what Steve
um I went away lay I forgot can we can
we go to the rift honesty
she's experiencing what happens when
your hey telling and you can't erase it
she's like oh no but vanilla it Steve's
birthday and we might go out to dinner
with him that's what she's talking about
creepy faces by baby tard walk right off
what not oh you're trying to listen to
there you go good doggy under them and
this is the doggy it looks like we just
killed a deer and threw them under the
bed you're creeping me out
Jiki Jiki oh oh whoa hanging out down
there with my blue socks yeah like the
boost off better than you
Shh I can't you're watching the
Shaytards by the way we lost them with
that I made those videos and now they're
watching them for their entertainment
see we might free entertainment for our
children so we can ensure that they are
watching good wholesome entertainment
yeah that's why we never say bad things
in our videos ever right big guys guess
where I am
I met the butler oh wait I'm a butler
you are not at fault but your Butler's
you're a butler here shit you're a
butler yeah you wanted
mutt nerve chase last name our name is
Butler yours this is Buckner hi bye she
was I borrow last names and Mike's
LaVere brothers eyes are dark in here
because there's no like Oh Christmas
tree lights went out oh I'm so sad way
couple drew tree all right look it's a
Merry Christmas
yeah you wish our town was like that why
what's what is this like how about you
never Rudolph the red-nose when there's
I beg your on certiorari hey look hey
guys check this out there's a little
Christmas town it's all festive prints a
star noticed up here in the mountains
hold on let's go zooming in on this
little dude the abominable snow monster
Gavin's wearing my Letterman's jacket
who do we have here the birthday boy all
tanned up 24 years old 24 yo perfect
give it uh steve is here because he has
a photo shoot feels like 24 was just
just 17 years ago and I got out to
dinner to celebrate his birthday cuz
he's birthday boy today I'm 19 and MSE
and almost halfway there
wait you're pregnant did you know that
Casey is that way this guy's here Steve
dinner
Hey hopefully this morning I wish you
happy birth a guy thing to everybody
hey rocky singing
we happy soldiers should have my shirt
oh you get a little chocolate cake for
this guy sir yeah my dad oh look at that
guy yes the moment King Steve she'll be
back I'm gonna give me the glitter tenth
of you just kind up shooting an orange
with daneboe mostly Georgia fruit juices
watch this these guys over he's just
laughing it up just a hilarious he's
just like chillin I'm not amused
everybody happy birthday to blow down
Rosie
Oh Carly just texted to make a wish what
you wish gonna be okay grilled eggs no
no don't steal the wish goes until the
wish what are my wishes for them to blow
it out no Roger no don't do it on three
one two three
good job hey Freddie
I can't tell you guys out loud what kind
of an Andrew J ROCs fire you want to buy
it rob hard oh how does that taste
all right I know you guys won't know
what Steve looks like with his shirt off
here we go boom buy him Booya all right
you guys thanks for joining us once
again on a Shaytards vlog we love you
I like this end slate I think I just
want to keep it for the rest of the
holiday season it's so festive right I
just want to like look like so cozy
makes me want to click on things
definitely want to click on things you
wanna see what the shade are doing one
two three and four years ago today click
on those stockings hanging on that
Yuletide fire
click on that feelin lucky present down
on the right hand corner and if you want
to see what we're doing yesterday click
up there on that calendar you can still
get calendars we're about to ship them
out in the next 4 or 5 days we're gonna
sign the first thousand and we might
leave a few treats in there for you guys
stay tuned all of you guys will see you
tomorrow kisses mm-hmm
