hi I'm login here my totalism then I
think I am I can't tell my focused focus
focus but if there was an audio focus
all-star let me turn down that's what I
call my baby silencer the classical
music that always calms him down raised
in the car in a spot see is that bother
you guys when I blog with my glass songs
and feel less like intimate like can you
even tell I'm not looking at you right
now I'm looking at the road I shouldn't
look at you anyways women probably right
I'm not looking at you I hate you I'm
not looking having a good day today
right it didn't start off that way I was
in a bad mood this morning and I will
admit it I did not want to do anything
and then I decided why am I in a bad
mood I should not be in a bad mood and
so I changed it and now you already feel
better maybe because I also ate some
grapes that were super crunchy and that
always makes you happy yeah random any
who's old I don't have anything to say I
just turned on the camera with nothing
to say and that usually doesn't go over
very well because then you end up saying
stupid things like grapes or crunchy
Christmas thumbs coming Christmas times
coming Christmas times comment and you
know I'm going home I'm super excited
because Christmas time is coming I just
said that che sorry
editing whoops oh glasses do you wanna
see my eyes there's my eyes guys there's
two of them I got two of them this year
has been really awesome because
I have not gone shopping once I know
right I love shopping but during the
Christmas season when I have to get
presents I get super stressed out when
I'm shopping but this year I've been
doing all my shopping online I love it
it's awesome I don't even get dressed I
just wear my pajamas while I'm in my
pajamas guys come on perverts
there will be Christmas presents were
going home soon we have two weeks and
that's it and we're headed to Idaho it
is really cold in Idaho though right now
Shay's friend told us it's 15 below
where he is at and I do not look forward
to that but anyways it will still be fun
because our hearts will be warm with the
holiday spirit
bye there must have been some magic in
that old tub I'm going fast you kamikaze
hold on because when they put it on his
head he began to spin around Oh rocked
hard the spin boy had a very dizzy soul
and they say he spun and town he threw
up because it was lots of fun rocked are
the spin boy is gonna have some brain
damage and he won't pass seventh grade
because he won't be able to do algebra
do they do algebra in seventh grade I
don't remember this song said you should
stop listening to it okay now walk get
off the chair and run you dizzy yeah did
I get oh your brain is gonna turn into
mush no you're gonna die yeah who
remembers this Christmas classic uh the
bad the abominable snowman and rude up
in the talking snowman like this one
it's good yeah hey I just want you to
know you got a pretty sweet life watch
cartoons eat macaroni and cheese just
lounge around on the couch with mom and
dad hang out all day you know you got it
pretty good right making too late
because they're Santa's elves up there
supposed to do
baseball buddies I'm what yep they're
making toys look at him they're making
little toys
oh he's in trouble he's not making the
toys right do you want to know facepalm
body slam cuz I'll give you one I'll
give you a facepalm
our son if you want one set up set up
come on it's time sit up right now come
on sit up sit up all right quit bugging
me daddy has to do his job you guys know
one major part of my job is to think of
something witty to tweet with the video
every day and sometimes it's hard so
here I sit with my link in the tweet box
trying to think of something witty to
tweet in the tweet box
what should I tweet I don't know the
goal is to tweet something that's
realistic but like kind of exciting you
know that makes people want to click on
it but I don't want to be like
outlandish in like Oh Shay's tweet and
crazy stuff again to try to get us to
click on this video but it's a major
thing I got to try to think of something
every day because make a video every day
and then it's like how many times should
I tweet it and sometimes I just like to
retweet some of your tweets and then
sometimes you guys will tweet me and
I'll go spy on your Twitter I'll just go
through your Twitter feed and read it
and then right before Logan left I
learned about this thing called
subtweeting which is basically
passive-aggressive tweeting to people
that you're angry at but you don't tag
them in the tweet I didn't know about
this whole sub tweet culture do you guys
know about subtweeting it's like you
tweet at somebody that you're angry at
but you don't say their name or tag
their Twitter handle you just said like
man I wish some people would share their
macaroni and cheese with me you know
some people but really you're talking
about a specific person don't do that
don't subtweet if you've got something
to say to somebody say it to them
say it to their face don't like tweet
like oh I was talking about you what do
you mean I wasn't talking about you that
doesn't ever share their macaroni and
cheese don't say it
anyways okay I got I think is something
funny here to tweet and then me and son
Tarr have a very exciting adventure
today we are going to start a brand new
series
we're headed to maker studios as soon as
son targets home from school and he is
very excited about this new series he
well you'll just see will let you know
so here's what I went with do you guys
want to challenge this tweet has a
clickable link in it see if you can find
it it's a race oh I just tweeted it
isn't that hilarious because it's so
obvious there's a link right right there
Telly's these are all the people I
follow all you guys are you guys are oh
hi
like that that option oh look at Carly
Stiles retweeting everybody in the world
Carly oh you guys like that you can like
see the twit pics in the timeline
sometimes that's fun I think that's cool
oh you guys are scamming on my Twitter
feed look at all these tweets that I'd
read about the Twitter's it sounds like
you're having your hold on fixing the
yellow room in the girls room wow you
got your shoes on you ready to go that
was so much better you guys train your
legs oh baby turns got it you've got it
okay let's see it see it moves okay
girls we got to pull your hair back when
we gotta get going you're not late I
swear they're professionals they've been
working on it for so long now anyway
time to go to jam and this baby's ready
to go to gym too
oh what the what room table mom this is
the most I'm doing today okay I'm
totally stretching out my hammies a
little leg lifts and my arm don't you
see my muscles right now is that a smile
or are you like working on something huh
yeah well I will take it as a smile I
love all the random weird movements
babies make you are just randomly weird
and awesome and cute and squishy squishy
excuse me son tard could you answer a
few questions for me real quick do you
want to let the fine folks at home know
what we're doing right now
yeah go ahead watch tell them where can
they go please video game what some
who's it wants it video games video
games or it'll plays a bet yeah that's
right me and Sun tarde are starting our
own video game show the only way we
could kill mommy tard to let us play
video games cuz she is not a fan of
video games but I'm like babe
they wicked to a video game show and we
can make some money making video game
videos and you know it would help pay
for the kids college and stuff and I
just want to play video games so we are
circumventing moms no video game rule by
making it our job that's pretty cold out
you think what video games we're going
to play I don't have to take a look
we'll just have to take a look see won't
we
alright so I'll keep you guys updated
when and where those are gonna be up but
we're gonna go shoot the first episodes
right now oh god it would man I can't
like just like read all from
what are you laughing at are you a mite
funny yeah am i funny to you am i funny
to you
why you flinching why are you flinching
why you flinch it huh okay do you feel
like we're like on a field trip or
something you know Sam
so like I'm gonna be in trouble like
what's gonna call me do you need to get
help right now like I feel like I'm at
the bar with my buddies you know I'm
saying
but we're playing video games here we
are in the studio the name of the show
is gonna be called fam cave and it's
actually not gonna be on YouTube you
guys but we're upload the first episode
win the 15th
15th of this month so in like a week and
we're gonna be playing all kinds of
video games dude are you like the
luckiest kid in the world huh are you I
think you are you should be grateful
tell me how grateful you are I mean
April oh please stop uh so tell us in
the comments what games you guys want us
to see play us play well games
we're not playing GTA 5 so don't ask
don't play GTA 5 why not
it's bad why is it bad
like what I don't make it chicks yeah is
there naked tricks in GTA 5 anybody
what's the naked trick monitor on GTA 5
you're like I don't know how would I
know I don't all right stay tuned we'll
let you guys know when the first episode
is live hey pretty girl
how is Jim good did you do anything new
yes would you do I did this thing on the
bars Cat Cat chin things and credits in
mob but it has the word cabinet and I
went all the way you have to like go
over go in the hole that was in your
arms oh you have to go through your arms
and then you have to try to like go down
and try that if you go on the blue then
you get bonus points if you go on the
green you get just point and I I went on
the blue but on the blue I went farther
down cool I got a lot of bones
sweet o Christmas tree o Christmas tree
how lovely are thy branches Oh messy
kitchen messy kitchen
luf luf lot what I put to sleep Oh wake
it up wake up
isn't that the worst tingle with tales
of tingles like a drama better sleep
working those welcome oh look there
jelly we've been doing really bad with
the sugar guys cuz it's just always
season the holiday season
dude t do I'm really Sully today I'm
super song ER you guys saw me well are
you still dancing do you have to pee no
sleep don't pick it up that's not that
dance is the same dance on the Nate K
one yeah baby - baby cries baby crying
hold that happen to start I love you I
love you I love you be a little real
baby oh oh okay okay mommy will help you
iron shoes there's going to be six clues
okay three clues we're planning a
scavenger hunt it's going to be for one
of our family nights coming up soon not
today the end we're going to plan it out
for the activity it's gonna be super fun
but Monday Monday next Monday but this
is for next Monday because we didn't
plan it in time but we have something
else planned for today like you get here
because it's a surprise I really don't
have anything fun but I'm gonna make it
happen
that's the thing about family nights
I've realized is even if you only throw
it together that minute it still ends up
being a fun time it's better if you plan
it out and have like everything ready to
go but sometimes that doesn't happen
let's be honest I mean look at my
kitchen I haven't even got to my kitchen
how am I supposed to plan a family home
evening but I really think that it still
works out even if you just throw it
together as long as we're doing
something fun together as a family
a little baby well we just wrapped on
the shoot and I think I get major dad
points to take you we went and started
shooting our video game show at 3
o'clock
guess what time it is that's right we
just played video games for four hours
straight I think I get major dad points
yeah you make so many chicken did you
have fun yeah even though I dominated
you on every game we play it I actually
didn't dominate him he'd be nice no I
beat you at Mario Cart even though you
won the last race I still won because I
had another I finished with 18 points
and he finished with 17 points and he
was trying to say that he won just
because he won the last race but it's a
points-based system so obviously I won I
gotta put my seat belt on gotta go bye
dude we're gonna be in trouble honey
we're home
sorry we were playing video games for
four hours are we in trouble oh look at
you
here doing dishes making dinner and
we've been playing video games I've been
on the internet for a while - so you
been doing on the internet Jean
Shaytards vlogs or shopping for
Christmas what you wait you bet on
Amazon haven't you
it's order the crazy boy
sorry bro there's a lot of kids are you
mad at me
we am your brother been playing video
games for four hours we didn't invite
you
that's better whatever blame that was
domestic well I didn't get to see it
because the boys both fell asleep in the
car and I ain't carrying a Bolton I was
like both boys I had the one of the boys
but I forgot I have three sons
I used to be an old seventies movie my
three sons right I might have carried
more than 70 sorry hey are your old dude
I can't believe I have three sons that's
crazy to think about but they're not as
good as my two daughters that I love way
more than my three sons do you think
that's cool
you can come and play some video games
sometime do you want to yeah you don't
want to we follow Lisa Marie look what
brings it's hard to pulled out of her
first battle folks the juice I'm a on
Friday stink I haven't opened it yet
we'll open it you need to drink that
drink it it's probably alcoholic by now
Oh
lick it up let's one oh it's fermented
definitely if you drink that you'll get
drunk you and you'll froth yeah vomit
yeah
it was smell it yeah drink it all right
yeah hey clean that up go grab a paper
towel no no no no no no no paper towel
paper towel good girl
oh the pet precious little angel is such
a precious angel angel loser Snookie
sleeping are you sleeping easily oh dear
it is light get out of his light bro all
right it's dinner time and it has come
to my attention that baby tart has a
crush on somebody at school what's his
name hmm you want to talk about it Te'o
why do you have a crush on him what do
you like about him how cute is he these
medium size medium - he's not extremely
cute you could only date extremely cute
guys why only medium cute yeah what do
you like about him
whoa extreme close-up hey what is going
on with you huh are you looking at
angels I feel like you're looking at
angels it's like sometimes I look you in
the eye but other times it's like he's
looking above you or past you you
looking at all those angels huh Hey hey
pumpkin what are you doing you big
monster
sticking your four-foot arm up in the
air huh
this is how Zeke gets comfortable don't
mind him
he just takes up the entire couch he
leaves a little room on the end for the
baby
he'll punkin hey what are you looking at
you're adorable is you are you gonna
smile for daddy
you look pretty pissed off he was just
smiling for me hypnotized those blue
eyes I'm so mad it looks real eyes does
blue eyes so handsome Shh you're still
handsome is your say goodnight say I'll
see you tomorrow everybody see you
tomorrow see you tomorrow
you were smoking me bunk to a document
do you can see the dry skin I squared I
pick you not like that okay
see them on everybody all both hands of
the earth way from around like you just
okay my oh my
is this not the most festive end slate
you ever did see look at it it's all
there the socks are the 1 2 3 & 4 year
videos if you see the calendar up there
that's the yesterday vlog and can you
find the feelin lucky button I'm gonna
tell you where it is if you want to
follow me on Facebook Twitter Instagram
Google+ and merchandise oh you guys
you've been waiting we have brand new
socks are in new colors new designs they
are in rody arcade right now we are
shipping the calendars on the 18th
exciting things happening in the
shaycarl merchandise world so if you
wanted a pair of those socks and they
sold out and you didn't get a pair go
get some now they make great stocking
stuffers thanks for joining us guys we
love you and we appreciate you being
part of our family and I love this end
slate it's good huh alrighty then click
on the link we'll see you guys tomorrow
