I think we're gonna do the video diary
are you ready
 like your name shake
Chico
fish a toy
all right it is Saturday and I promised
the children that we would go to a
roller skating rink but the closest one
I found was like 30 miles away so we're
going ice skating in California I rap
names just in case my photograph got
mittens that's good you guys believe
we're going ice skating in sunny
Southern California oh well you don't
need it
hey did you bring yours tights Luke
tights when you go ice-skating when you
do those triple Lutz's we need Michael
Buckley here he's the professional ice
skater on YouTube all right guys ready
you see this here they come daddy's got
his skates on this ought to be
interesting
like kids are gonna be all over the ice
this is a big rink look at that you put
a lot of people on that ice more fashion
a professional all right let's go out
skate that girl right now
all right ladies hold onto the wall
that's it
how you doing son tired okay come on
how's it going push off the sides just
push side-to-side
I have a feeling baby tarts gonna be
hanging onto this wall most of the time
all right we're here on the ice with Sun
times a future hockey player gonna be in
the NHL as soon as he learns how to ice
skate it's not that easy
my biggest problem is a hurts like feet
I have really fat feet so anytime I come
and rent like a pair of ice skates or
rollerblades or whatever they're never
wide enough so it really hurts my feet
but it's cold in here and it feels good
feels like Idaho baby tarick's pretty
much the worst let's go see how she's
doing
she's got like spindly legs like a brand
new board dear get her up against that
wall all right got a snow on your coat
little kids that are better than yeah
there's a lot of kids here that are good
he's having fun yeah let's see yeah
quickie start starts getting better
those little skinny legs there's a
hockey player go check them up against
the wall put this card
I'm good nice guy
fatiah good job
all right we had to clear the ice it's
time for the Zamboni machine to shine it
up I've always wanted to drive one of
the Zamboni machines I never have to
life goal unfulfilled before I die I
must check off my Zamboni check on my
bucket list Zamboni
get all in it older
yeah it's going to be more slippery er
now it's me so slippery or River River
that gets water and like I don't know
what it does well act like I know it as
Sam voting machine does it makes it
shiny I don't know
all right when I get up and close and
personal with the Zamboni machine here
he comes
I fly at the sambonis driver cool where
is it doing water making it all icy and
slippery
it's good before the Zamboni after the
Zamboni looks shiny baby cards getting
better
not such a spindly legged newborn beer
oh there she goes there she goes there
she goes ripped her arm out of socket
like three times young fun grab on to
the wall the walls her best friend isn't
it interesting how something that
probably started out of necessity you
know like people who lived in a cold
place like Alaska or places where there
are froze in the water you know probably
strapped blades onto their feet so they
could get across the ice then it turned
into something of recreation now it's
like all these people come and pay money
to strap blades on their feet and push
around on water and nobody's good at it
everybody looks miserable everything
moo-coo already sweating and like trying
to stand up it's like we pay money to
come here and struggle Society
our human species is very interesting
some people are good like this little
girl's awesome what are you gonna be as
good as her any of me as good as that
girl get to working go print card
perfect you're cute doing it though the
very very best part of ice-skating
taking the skates off kills your feet
that felt good massage them here I want
to massage your feet I guess that hurt
it too hard sizes clear talk all right
away tonight is a Christmas party for a
church and I just made a giant pan of
yummy potatoes I don't know what you
guys call them they're like um I've
always called them funeral potatoes
my mom has a recipe for him she calls
him yummy potatoes but they're careful
that's a hot gun Oh YUM these are them
and they're probably poor places so
awesome anyways I made a giant pan and
then I made a giant salad of broccoli
salad
I know broth I saw doesn't sound that
amazing that this is an amazing broccoli
salad it's chase grandma's recipe that
I've always loved so we made that and
stop get out potatoes my line both the
recipes I approve them good it's time to
get in the car now hot if it's very not
that that hurt you to know you're not to
tell you all right let's go to the
Christmas party ah and I hear that Santa
Claus might be coming
are you going to tell him what you want
for christmas what are you gonna tell
him wah wah you want a robot okay
tell Sam's okay when it's your turn to
sit on his lap tell Santa what do you
want okay okay and tell him you've been
a good boy okay say I've been a good boy
yeah you got to wait to have been a good
boy tell me now what you want
would you like look at me I look at him
and tell him what do you want for
christmas are you all right I like
robots this scooter before and a robot
Rach look at daddy I'll take a picture
smile
there we go
tell me what you wanted all right good
you're probably not gonna get it but
that's good you told him hey yeah would
you tell them that you wanted what iPad
iPad Tigers get an iPad Santa doesn't
make I pass - semuc iPad yay a baby for
Christmas no no oh the ten year old
maybe too big yeah you don't get
anything for Christmas if you don't sit
on his lap to rule gosh whoa dude super
soon I want new parents for Christmas
that don't embarrass me all the time
well at least that lady thinks I'm funny
you don't say babe lucky you have
somebody that'll laugh at you that new
ends late thanks for all the insulate
submissions have really been liking him
uh collect just asked why is rocked hard
the only one on the one two three and
four that's not animated and I said cuz
he's so cute he doesn't need to be as
man is having the other kids are ugly
yep they're ugly so if you make him
animate it then they're just barely cute
or creepy creepy children ah click on
yesterday's vlog click on I'm feeling
lucky but you should click who clicks on
all six options you know what babe we
got to do another year because then we
can throw bro tard on the five what are
we gonna do at March 5th no don't be
saying that don't be promising something
you can't probable yeah hey here's the
deal if you edit the next year I'll do
another year of daily vlogs nope I I'm
honestly nervous like it scares me to
think that we're not gonna do daily
vlogs like - like it relieves me kind of
but then I also I think like what do we
do I get this get this anxiousness to
think that we're not gonna do another
year daily vlogs well you think we'll
still vlog we're definitely I do we'll
do at least five days a week at least
five days a week I don't know take our
son
days off maybe Saturday so what I'm
thinking is we do five days of daily
vlogs and then every Saturday there will
be a skit video on shaycarl and then
Sundays well there will be nothing so
we'll still upload six videos a week
it'll be Monday through Friday daily
vlogs a shaycarl skip video on Saturdays
and then nothing on Sunday I think I
should be those like a really good
balance what do you guys think I want to
know what you guys think is like a
reasonable schedule and I know a lot of
you are gonna be like keep doing every
day every day but we're gonna change a
schedule so it's gonna happen so let us
know what you think the schedule should
be I think that's a good one I've been
thinking about that for a while five
daily vlogs a skip video on shaycarl and
then Sunday we get to take off and then
a kiss on say hey you make out right now
gotta go guys time to get some action
whoo-whee let's hit it home
