okay guys I'm about to turn I'm about to
open the window to our family find all
the things that we don't want anybody to
know about us
where's the Denver game Carly my sister
is at the Denver Broncos game right now
and they're losing sorry Carly
sorry sister and I can't find it on TV
anybody know what channel the Denver
Broncos games on want to search on the
Internet
hey it's one take Sunday if you're new
to the Shaytards blogs this is on a
Sunday we only do one take meaning we
turn the camera on we talk we show you a
little bit about what's going on in our
lives and then we turn it off there's no
edits so I always have to talk to the
kids about cussin while we do one take
Sunday because I can't bleep the swear
words out seriously have anybody never
swore they'd be tired of you ever swore
have you ever said a swear word we never
ever have that's so good you should try
to go your whole life without saying a
swear word yeah you know we'll be in
trouble you ever said a swear word
trying to think you can remember do you
ever want to say in swear word have you
ever been so mad you just wanted to cuss
like swear a bunch of cusses why are you
not supposed to swear when did you swear
yeah yeah
you swore today it's Sunday and you're
writing in what why is that why is when
you hurt yourself why does swearing make
it better because it does it make the
pain go away it does you know if you say
a real good swear word it makes it feel
better
- it's usually in the car if they know
oh and who swears more mom or dad really
it's even a debate who do you think
you'll be honest come here who's wears
more mom or dad mom you think I swear
work what do I say what did I sweat sir
or did I say that I've found you what's
yep word do you even know the F word you
guys don't listen to her she's drunk she
doesn't know what I'm talking about
people are gonna think like whatever
shape right said the F word you said the
F word Fallujah have you ever swore
we're talking about cussin the Everest
war when you did you did - I know I just
wanna know when you swore what did you
swear that's when we're rolling or
watching a video sometime they betrayed
said that this wasn't it it's didn't say
any bad words in it and Brady said are
you sure and then and then Gavin said no
it said the F word in there and I said
you and then Emmy said what's the effort
and I said you don't even know that and
then I accidentally said the one who
said the role of word
I accidentally have you ever heard me
say the F word yeah baby turned because
I say the F word you know will you
actually you don't say F word but you
say
I say F word I actually say F word I
don't say the f-word I just say F word
why is that why have we turned these
four letters and we've arranged these
for certain letters into a word that is
offensive and we use these words when
we're angry when were hurt when we're
frustrated it like shows like anger
Paine rightfully you never never really
swear when you're happy anyways one
takes Sunday talking about cuss words
you know it's like they're just words I
think yeah you know it's not you're not
a bad person if you swear yeah we should
try to raise your level of speech
anyways I have a good dad Church what
you guys learn about in church you learn
about football what are the main four
important is when a baby is born they're
games we're gonna name our baby or gonna
bless our baby when we go back to Idaho
for Christmas or sin Sunday January 1st
Sunday in January we're back in Idaho
Idaho
I think you need a ball on your head for
sure let's see your paper cut is it bad
how did you get a paper cut well it's
pretty loud where's the baby out where's
rocked our dad oh oh wait how'd you get
that I won't touch it yeah let's go find
rock chart I'm someone take Sunday we're
just hanging out you know I'm looking
for the Denver Broncos game
Karlie's there do you see the
Philadelphia game why are you naked you
guys you can't see wrong turn he's naked
turn around let me see your bum they
don't have it he has Batman underwear
all your cute willies to take your
church clothes off good boy I'm proud of
you did you have a good day at church
yeah have you ever said a swear word you
did what did you say you said thank you
Rock tars never said a swear word
once when go crazy
Shooks then he actually said he didn't
what does shi t is it poop same thing
that is right ship hi in transport
that's how the Shi T word came about it
used to be an acronym I heard that like
on boats when things were coming across
the seas they would put Shi T because it
said ship hi in transit like you would
like put this material up high so it
doesn't get wet or it'll stink that's
true
somebody some research on that I've
heard that okay so we had a great week
what's tree talking about honey no I
think it's like they they would put it
they would put that acronym on things
that needed to be shipped high in
transit Oh so today in my class and
church we talked about how the real
secret to happiness is not in things and
that's of course everybody knows that
but social science proves that
relationships are what really bring joy
to our lives
the more friends you have the more close
relationships you have with beautiful
women the happier you are so it talked
about stabbing each other you know it
talked it out then I was thinking to
myself I'm like maybe that's why I feel
so happy all the time because I have so
many people that I have a relationship
with which is you guys well then that's
why I'm so happy I wouldn't I mean
honestly I would say a majority of my
happiness stems from you being my wife
seriously one because you're quiet
you're quiet one because I'm trying to
tell you to be quiet one because you're
beautiful you're quiet because you shut
your mouth and you let me run this house
cuz imma charge like a man should be
hey who's really in charge around this
house mom's in charge MA Colette's as
that is that is crazy
I run this world so smoothly that it
looks like he's a jerk you said you
can't we're leaving in two weeks yeah I
told her I said let's go decorate let's
put like a tunnel ice on that tree
anyways so be friends make friends the
way if you're like oh I don't have any
friends shape the way you make friends
is you be a friend you do service for
other people you smile you say hi to
somebody you help somebody out when
they're in need you help somebody move
you know like it just a smile can go a
long way hold the door open for somebody
so the more friends that you make the
happier you'll be
it's true and the way that you beep what
there's are weird like I don't know what
you would call it but I feel like people
in general they do not want to do that
like everybody just keeps themself la
people do that but but more so in New
York if you've ever been in New York
it's true like everybody just like Erica
is glad you're home why is that people
are afraid it's so weird to me hold on
I'm gonna cut ok keep on I think it's
because people are afraid people are
afraid to step outside of their comfort
zone because they're like yeah people
like put on a tough face but it's like
people are afraid of rejection I think
and so people don't dare step out of
themselves to be like hey how's it going
my name's so it's so nice to meet you
let's become friends I don't talk to
other people because I have too many
friends I can't have any more friends
there's so many friends I don't have
time for other friends my friend circle
is full you fill it all up baby what are
you making for dinner I'm cutting onions
to bone this beginning you know you have
a charge around here shut up and we're
so used to that people watching our
vlogs are probably so annoyed by that
but we're like what's the ticket stop
the ticket I'm just like it's the oven
when where's are those of you been
watching us for a little while and in
this house like when you start one
burner this one just clicks and we're so
used to it that we ignore it I guarantee
if you haven't if you don't know that is
you're probably freaking out your brain
way why all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow
oh you got dressed good boy hey do you
love me yeah I love you buddy Zeke is my
friend too I got lots of friends all
right we'll see you guys tomorrow
we love you and we appreciate you being
our friends and being a part of our
lives that is a serious factor to a lot
of the joy that we experience is because
we have all of you in our lives
also I miss Logie Baird today I miss my
brother today yeah we're gonna write
them letters today hey what if we give
these guys Logan's address at the MTC
and they wrote him letters he might not
have time I hope I should do that dad's
permission that would because we're
gonna send him a package at the
Missionary Training Center so do me a
favor if you see any missionaries out
there in the world
two guys in white shirts and ties be
nice to them so it could be my little
brother all right love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow bye
