it's the holiday season and moving to
dickory who farted rock-hard G fart tell
me the truth before Rose you're a nasty
monkey face Oh hick nasty monkey face
farts in the morning hey good morning
and welcome to another Shaytards vlog
you're a regular guy but you try to be
I walk in here hey so I had a an idea
I'll go turn this lamp on should've
slapped me I don't know it's can make me
look ugly though get your butt off of me
yeah cut off me hard on the left
hey okay babe listen to this idea oh and
you feeding the baby over there uh I am
oh you are feeding a baby hold on little
bi head up big what are you doing ah I
want to eat side a part of my face stop
it okay so here's my idea
I was I was I just woke up this morning
and rock tart came in and he wanted to
sleep in our bed with us and it was so
cute and bro tard was nursing I was
thinking we have four bodies laying in
this bed right now I thought it would be
interesting to have a camera on our
ceiling that shot in 3d like so you can
see our skeletons well like on Superman
when he's in the closet and he looks to
the door and he can see all the kids
skeletons I think it's so interesting to
see us as skeletons watch out there's a
baby in there and I thought it'd be cool
to have a camera on the roof showing
these for skeletons laying in the bed we
could be interesting to see a whole vlog
or like a whole day of human interaction
only through skeletons like you know me
and mom were like rubbing our feet
together and rock Carter's just laying
here like kissing oil yeah and the dogs
under the bed I have Z coming like when
we could just see his skeleton I think
it'd be interesting to watch daily human
interaction as skeletons I'm gonna bite
your freaking leg off I'll bite your
femur bone give me your favorite bottle
fire on Wow Oh
why what do you guys think I think
that's a good idea we bring your
skeleton over here you've got a sweet
skeleton booty all right it's Friday
we're going to school you're gonna go on
a field trip today where are you going
what are you gonna do at the fire
station I'm gonna shoot some hoses you
light some fires drive some fire trucks
climb some ladders use a hatchet on some
things what are you gonna do Dana well
that sounds like a lame field trip then
if I were you as soon as I got to the
fire station I'd be like giving your
biggest fire hose I want to use it and
then you should squirt your friends and
family with the fire hose no no it's
Friday
TGIF yeah I'm gonna go out tonight kay
guys can't if you behave okay I've
placed a behave monitor on all of you
while you're sleeping I injected a
little computer into your bloodstream
and it can detect if you guys behave or
not today okay so uh watch yourselves
all right boys leading me to the
promised land we're gonna start this
morning with a run I'm kind of curious
to see how I'll feel because I have been
doing a juice fast for the last five
days so I don't have that many new true
I have lots of nutrients but you know
what I mean it's like I've only been
drinking juice for five days I'm about
to go for a run so I'm excited to see
not necessarily excited that's the wrong
word but I'm interested to see how my
energy levels keep up I'll probably only
do like two or three miles but I'll keep
I'll keep Ian su-kam going running by
then we have a special guest here
sweetie
and
have a playdate when they both wake up I
know and they won't even know each other
there but we'll have a nursing party so
we decided we're gonna have nursing
parties together oh yeah you guys
watching Peter Pan yeah that's fine
it'd be really nice okay not you I know
you'll be nice
you be nice so excited for this baby
what him don't you I really think it
looks like Austin Yeah right now anyways
you have the magic touch easy it's like
it's like a perfect poster picture it is
I needed your newborn pics I never can
get my act together now - do you ever
but I'm like okay like the little Anne
Geddes ones where they're locket and
their bum
yeah there we'll audio their little
buzzer out I never can get sorry we're
talking about your bubble writing you
have the magic touch I need to just come
in here and like leave my children with
you I am a baby with my own think it's
gas but still please like what's wrong I
mean this looks exciting
should we have you we have another baby
yeah your new baby was in our house did
you want me with two babies yeah he's
like maybe okay we've got the boys
together
hey guys what you just wanna hang out
with like chill on the couch watch some
football yeah sure bro I'm doing my
goodness bro times like I ain't trying
to play tired bro tard your head is big
dude I've got a big head you grow fast
and just look so much bigger it's crazy
and look at us like the mall look at his
head no no he looks so much bigger it's
amazing they're only a month up on you
because you're cute how much bigger is
he Farzin
late day his eyes are definitely darker
yes they are pylons are yes Oh cute oh I
can't dude quit barfing nude okay four
miles not bad not that great but not bad
I could definitely tell I had like
limited energy it wasn't you know I made
it the four miles and I had like kind of
push myself but I didn't feel that
strong like four miles normally for me
would be pretty easy I feel like but
that one I kind of had to like come on
come on
like really dig deep but it's cool
because I can like fill my stomach like
my obliques my abs I feel like tight as
I'm running so that felt good cuz I just
like flexing my stomach cuz I run cuz I
can like feel my six-pack you know it's
cause like I'm not like juggling around
a lot of food in my stomach so it's like
my abs feel tight anyways
feel good headed oh upload the day's
vlog and just do my normal business I
have to admit I did spend most of the
run thinking about what I was gonna eat
tonight cuz we're gonna go out to dinner
tonight I was like mmm I'll start off
with a Caesar salad yeah me will get
some like appetizer some calamari that
helped me through the run just thinking
about what I was gonna eat tonight I'm
excited to eat food again somebody's
having some belly time is it belly time
with the boat are ya pumpkin to belly
time oh you practice your army crawl
good job oh is that get annoying oh look
at her caddy so cute it's like yeah we
get it
you got a kid it's like this so
stereotypical like look at my baby he's
the cutest baby in the world
oh it's again it's baby on the Internet
oh who cares it's gonna stupid kid good
job Shay you made a baby like it's that
hard but look at he's cute yeah he Oh
dorable he's the cutest baby on the
Internet oh there's lots of cute babies
on the internet it's just another stupid
baby that wrestling match going on over
here
get on I'm like little pony Oh
let's print the stars over here counting
her loot like Scrooge McDuck we're gonna
go swimming through it pretty soon
swimming have you ever seen the intro to
ducktales when Scrooge McDuck swims
through his cash you haven't lived as a
child you have not lived get a rock face
seek such a good boy he is raised with
each baby oh he's got you
he's got you what you gonna do I laughed
so hard in the vlog either day when rock
hard put that hat on Zeke it made me
crack up I'm like oh like it says about
his face it was funny hey come here
you're gonna watch the duck tails intro
just come hear me learn your some
cartoon knowledge alright I'm about to
learn you guys real cartoons watch this
this guy's the richest duck in the world
looking at the mountain of money
oh ho yeah and you can swim in it swim
in a swimming pool of gold coins solving
mysteries
Oh rewrite history duck tell buck woo
swimming in his money huh in that cool
TAS whoo yeah those are some real
cartoons that's when kids could really
be kids he's like it yeah I want to do
that you wanna swim in some money Hey
okay massage my feet for the next 10
years
day five juice cleanse about to be over
got to go for Cheesecake Factory and the
careful no because I heard people say
that if you do a five-day juice cleanse
you be careful with how much you eat
when the juice cleanse is over i'ma do
as many pull-ups as I can so I can
really burn some muscles before the
juice
anything I can do
I'm giving six
look contest six and three-quarter it
was eight Oh is 818 okay here we go it's
my first bite of real food in five days
I'm gonna go with the hearty wheat bread
with some oats and crusted around the
outside I almost don't want to cuz I
feel like I've done so well on the juice
cleanse and it's like I'm breaking it
now I've told myself the last five days
it's like oh yeah that we can't have
that now I'm finally having it so warm
it smells so good amber butter no just
this
you can eat it sugar free it's sugar
free to go happy it does happy wait
happy birthday Gavin Oh Cheesecake
Factory and they having a splendid
cheesecake so it's sugar-free so he gets
to eat it all right now we're at the
movies we go to the movie we're going to
the movies movies what movies go to the
movies did you sneak those in excuse me
sir they were just a bag stole they said
him out loud out there said I have
sprees the candy police at the movie
didn't show up hey you going with the
movies what do you got ice cream balls
oh my goodness baby tard what are you
gonna have got a treat yeah Center what
are you gonna have nothing why not I
can't eat sugar why not because I made a
deal friend that you did your clothes
but you did have some sugar-free
cheesecake
mm-hmm looks like somebody has the
hiccups from it too yeah hey we're the
only persons in the buy eight or nine
week on the theater and you're the only
person in the eye ear he can be loud
farting burping like yeah that's miss
Conder isn't that the best has that ever
happened to you when you go to the
theater and nobody's in it but you and
your friends or whatever when me and
Colette first saw Finding Nemo we were
the only two when we lived in North
Carolina and we were Colette was
pregnant with son tard we went to
Finding Nemo in the theaters and we were
the only ones there it was so cool and
yeah last night we went and watched The
Book Thief good movie you should go
watch it it's crazy the
that actually happened it's about the
Holocaust and you guys I'd highly
recommend it Geoffrey Rush's in it great
movie I was a good educational
experience for the kids to explain to
them Hitler and Nazi Germany and all
that kind of history that goes along
with that devastating event in our lives
I love you guys thanks for watching
today's video I hope you're having a
great weekend click on that thingy that
I always want you to click on all the
things that I asked you to click when I
want you to click on the clickety click
ok I'll see you tomorrow
ah kisses from this skeleton what I have
a beard as a skin nope that's a stupid
question
ok bye
