do that again okay what are you doing
this is your lotus pose what is this
that looks difficult morning
it is 644 and we're getting ready for
school yes we're the high five there
another day another getting ready
Heather knowledge loofah Siri for school
you're gonna get one more knowledge
today Zeke's gonna get one more whiny
out there hit me over the shoulder dawg
I got it I'm Jerry Rice I'll just try to
use the viewfinder to catch it
what do you growling at you know about
that yeah morning to you too
just look he has to go pee but it's
raining outside and he doesn't wanna get
chance
so he's like breakfast time breakfast
time breakfast time was that mint jelly
toast and scrambled eggs that's a pretty
good breakfast yeah I do you have any
complaints about it would you rather
have a croissant or something we have an
order of croissants in here
she wanted a croissant I think so too
your mom must love you she must more or
she just doesn't want to get arrested
for having you malnourished yeah and
maybe I can bring like don't get Zeke's
eating breakfast good boy all right come
on everybody it's time for our priming
session everybody in the living room
here's a via RT I'm impressed
you wanna get here first we've been
trying to do a thing every morning we do
a priming session it's one of those
things we learned at the Tony Robbins
event where
you kind of prepare yourself for the day
by a little bit of meditation a little
bit of positive thinking some specific
breathing exercises and then we always
say a prayer as a family and beg Emmy
for her eggs always yeah a Zeke all
right so we're gonna do that
love you guys what is your morning
routine how do you get ready for the day
you got to do something to get in a good
mood or else you'll just mean a bad mood
it's just how it goes
tell them I was doing that night I
thought it really hurt on the swings
yeah well you're right yeah how do you
get your butt on the poor when you're
swinging oh you got going sideways well
that's why you can't go skiddy Wampus
you got to go straight you know hit the
crossbar all right ready
that's what we're doing for priming Hey
you'll be on ursin down there no if you
get up get some push-ups calves okay go
one two
hello
oh this is what we do guys
Zeke Vytas flees we do some weird
meditation push-up things do that again
Oh what are you doing
this is your lotus pose what is this
that looks difficult are we ready for a
great day now
all right let's pray good morning back
then okay it is wait it's what is it
today crazy I don't crazy hat and every
greatest word okay so your grade is
wearing green and that is yours rasie
I know social crazy method yeah you got
that hat at Disney World
I remember the rock and roller coaster
that was rocking flashback what a punch
engine hum a pumpkin yes we do have
pumpkins these are our family pumpkins
not sure where the other ones are we're
missing a couple family members yeah and
the girls are where your grade is
wearing pink today and you and my
fabulous I love it I love it let's see
your pink Ola tricks and treat yo'self
loving you guys do I wear pink
can I Drive in on this game today I'm
gonna wear pink today guys and rocks
over here learning how to make a gun
like a shooter thing cool yeah you just
don't ask for help okay those things mom
always ends up doing right right mom's
come on you always end up making the
paper airplanes making the origami
things at least helping them figure out
how to move so I'm sure I'll be making
that later hi I love you fly want to fly
yeah that's you okay so while the kids
are at school today I have got to start
jogging you guys every time I don't jog
I start to get the chub and I haven't
done a marathon if I done a marathon
this year the years almost over that's
my problem I wanted to do that's a life
goal I have said that I want to run a
marathon every single year and here it
is almost October and I have not run
maybe even 5 to 10 miles very little
running when did I do the New York
Marathon that's the last like race that
I did so we're gonna do some running
today and then hopefully the Sun comes
out because I told Brock we would go for
a hike but uh I gotta do at least a mile
come with me come on you guys want to
see some pretty countryside follow me
let's go for a run here we go
current situation got it focus is all
your muscles very careful watch where
you put your hands watch where you put
your feet go slow
concentrate breathe use that rope if you
need to you're almost there
sing with me
not too shabby almost there Doug got my
hand right here keep coming keep coming
here you go grab daddy's head oh yes you
have made me fine love you for a hike
having a great time how do we get back I
don't know what to look it up on the
internet see it's dinnertime at the
Shaytards
we got Captain America here with us like
usual hey can I talk to these guys about
what the hardest part of daily vlogging
is yes you I just feel like it's boring
I shoot it I edit it and then I'll said
I'm shooting us at dinner again around
the table and I'm like do people want to
keep singing this it's like I just keep
seeing the same like we don't do
anything difference like how do I say
once again hey mommy tired made a great
dinner here it is ha ha others brought
doing something crazy like usual here
let me throw somebody or say something
stupid but look that's delicious salmon
what is it encrusted do you like it did
you have a bite yeah it's really good
pistachio and crusted salmon drop what's
your name - tin
that is daddy's juice yeah look you know
you're guilty
busted Haywood Captain America still his
daddy's juice me me Captain America he
would alright you can have a drink I
don't care I'll share with Jeff I was
the cutest Atlas alright how was school
what'd you do what'd you learn nothing
exciting same old same oh that's nice
did she did she see it not yet when is
she gonna see it tomorrow morning
no way you should put a GoPro in her
locker so when she opens that you can
see her reaction
anyways Lucas dude what is this an Olga
Kay promotional channel get those socks
off in my house Emmy what you reading
there reading your book you're trying to
keep a straight face what is that dude
what is this a YouTube promotional
channel get the Annoying Orange
characters out of here what hey guys
check out Marvel Comics owned by a
Disney affiliate none of this is you
guys I'm just making jokes here okay
yeah hey promote our own brands trixin
anyway it's okay love you guys Gavin's
at football practice waiting dinner
Emmys reading books I have solid duty I
made this out guys I mixed it up of a
salad mixer up or what okay hey babe
will you vlog this Captain America wants
to go flying all right dude you ready
launching 503 to ignition 100 look what
you started all right cue the throw the
kids on the wood floor montage
are you just honey are we that work for
us we literally nice not bad I was
actually cutting it out like you
couldn't see it but now you can see it
here we go ready okay
time for me from pistachio-crusted sir
ha did I'm burping up that dinner how
was that dinner very house football
practice it's Barry you have a gleeful
fall yes yeah these guys played in the
rain was it gonna get hot are you guys
doing your homework do you have homework
tonight yes Oh
ABI you finished yours social studies is
complete what do I have any homework I
have me what do I got to do I'll do it
right now what do I got you need to help
me with the dishes dang it guys I gotta
go
and I was gonna vlog some more bye guy
go do my chores go do my homework I do
y'all my work at home look there's not a
ton of dishes I could do those
time-lapse go okay I'm done great dinner
babe another amazing night all right
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
Brock Jackson say see you dudes hey
they're painting they're naked painters
don't judge their art kay there naked
painters see you guys see you tomorrow
I'm just got eyes for you
I'm just got eyes for you
no mother could enchant me darling like
you do
I've just got eyes for you
I've just got eyes for you
