hi I'm login here alright you guys today
I am going on the moms feel for the
first time since I've had the baby and
it's a little bit interesting because
I'm still nursing so I'm bringing the
baby with me I'm going to have Cecily
there to help me watch him in the green
room and maybe I might even have him on
the show I'm not sure how this is all
going to work out depends on how he
cooperates if he's in a good mood I fed
him so hopefully we'll see what happens
beautiful day here in Los Angeles I'm
enjoying it I'm enjoying the sunshine
it's so funny because everybody here is
like shivering because we've sort of had
like a cold sweet but still it is not
cold here like comparatively speaking is
much warmer than it is in Idaho right
it's like in the 50s or something so
people here are freaking out because
it's so cold and they have to turn on
their heaters oh no not the heater we
have a bunch of wusses here in
California I'm used to the Idaho Idaho
cold
okay here's lowdown and dirty what we're
doing we are headed into maker studios
right now Colette is at the moms view
shoot and apparently somehow I got
hoodwinked into being Santa Claus today
okay I'm Santa Claus I have the beard
and in the back seat my little elf he's
gonna be an elf today
you ready me and you were gonna be Santa
and an elf can you be daddy's little
helper yeah okay you're gonna dress up
in a little elf suit apparently it's a
surprise
and so we're gonna go on set as Santa
and Santa's Little Helper and surprise
the mom's view I don't know how to do I
feel like I'm gonna like jump on the
table and dance though I think there
needs to be some table dancing going on
yeah dog okay we're in the green room
where's the Waldos here he's not loving
it little like we do and of course I am
gonna be mr. Claus ho ho Oh a Merry
Christmas you like your candy cane
jumper yes okay are you guys ready to
see the cutest thing ever
he's not too cool with it but it is so
adorable
ladies and gentlemen I bring you the
cutest elf in the world done Federer you
look so cute buddy
what do you think
you've got little booties you got a
little candy cane stripers turn around
turn around
yeah a cute little bum or pinch it or a
picture or pitch a little cute elf bum
you look so cute do you like it what do
you think here we are - Santa and his
little helper do you like it
you're pretty dang adorable you got to
admit I love those shoes okay we're
gonna go out we're gonna give them some
presents okay we're gonna give mommy and
the girls from the moms view presents
wanna do that can you help daddy I'm
gonna get listen here's what we're gonna
do look at me I'm gonna give you a
present and I'm gonna tell you to give
it to and then you go give it to them
okay can't give them presents you little
elf and so cute oh my gosh you're so
hilarious say ho ho ho Merry Christmas
do you like it whoa don't fall okay say
ho ho Merry Christmas dude okay we just
did our intro you guys have to go watch
the moms view it's really funny let
almost started crying because she
thought rock tart looks so cute and I
yelled at her what's up I'm just
blogging all your blog she's blogging in
middle area so here we are on set and
like here's the behind-the-scenes look
it's a fake wall rock
that save a real more it's funny to set
here huh okay we have a kiss alert
everybody kiss cam what happened today
young man
so was at school and I can't believe you
kissed a girl better not be on the lips
hold on there's something on the lens
hold on
maintenance issues okay tell me all
about it at school we were in the
luncheons and yeah I told her I was
gonna tell her secret and so right I let
like yeah I did it well instead of
telling her secret I did that you can't
throw the cheek what did she say oh I
don't really know I got super nervous I
ran away but behind her I heard her she
screaming like bloody murder like women
stabbed her or like she was happy kind
of like a happy kind of shitty dude what
if her dad finds out if I had a daughter
a ten year old kid came up to kiss my
daughter on the cheek I don't think I'd
be very happy about it do you think
about that
wasn't us help you just like run up and
kiss somebody what if she didn't want to
be kissed what if she didn't want it
like did she even have the option to be
kissed she think about that we you
should maybe think about some stuff like
that what if she didn't want to be
kissing you just went and stole the kiss
from her what if she wanted to wait till
she was married to have her first kiss
are you gonna marry her now well you
better think about that before you start
stealing kisses from girls those learnt
your kisses to steal she has to give you
those kisses huh little food for thought
little Romeo just running up kissing
chicks I'm proud of them guys what good
don't kiss anybody okay
good all right got to fill the truck up
with gas you stay in the truck Ian I'm
only gonna be out here stealing kisses
from people in he's second got a cute
little dimple right here
well oh look at that look at that I've
allowed to steal kisses I'm your fault
see what how do you think she fell
you're up there you like oh yeah B I
know you don't know me but I think
you're cute on wawa see that weird you
want some kisses like a kid I was loud
and obnoxious rock hard I do so I was
watching Carly's video do you see
Carly's video of Logan going to the
Missionary Training Center I wash it and
I teared up at the very end because if
you look at the very end when it's like
he's leaving and he's going into the
Missionary Training Center you can see
that look on his face where he was like
like almost like a little boy lost in a
big brand new world and I was saying I
called my mom and I said what I wouldn't
give to be like a little fly on the wall
just like a little you know like in his
pocket like on his shoulder just to see
him experiencing all that for the first
time and just I'd be so cool this would
be like a little fly on his shoulder and
see what he thinks about all that I was
in the Missionary Training Center that
exact same Missionary Training Center he
was in I was there for two weeks because
I didn't learn ass I did learn a
language but he has to be there for five
weeks cuz he has to learn to speak
Spanish but I loved it man it was fun it
was just like hanging out with a bunch
of you know like dude your same age they
have really good food Carly called it
the hogwarts for Mormons is a pretty
funny analogy a lot of you guys been
asking no we will not see Logan here's
the rule you can he can write one letter
a week in fact it is part of the rules
is that you have to write a letter to
your mom and dad once a week but we
can't go down and visit him like I guess
you could but it's like discouraged he's
supposed to have totally focused on
missionary work for two years and
nothing else so he will not be on the
internet no social media you know we
can't go see him we can talk to him
twice a year on the phone Mother's Day
and Christmas missionaries get to call
home and I remember those were like as a
missionary the two coolest times a year
because I got to call home and talk to
my mom and dad and family it would be on
the phone for like two hours just
talking to everybody passing the phone
around but that's it that's the only
communication that we'll have with him
for two years
alright milliner up nap trucks ready to
rumble again so I got the kids all
afternoon
cuz collects at maker studios shooting
the moms view I guess I'm shooting a
couple episodes so they can have some
stockpile for the holiday season
the holiday season dooby doo is excited
for Christmas yeah yeah you seem excited
ok um let's see this is like maybe one
of the biggest parking lots and most
busy parking lots in Los Angeles what's
that
ok I'll park in the very front and sing
my little song best spot in the laptop
will up top the curb yeah but start in
lot yeah yeah you see that song abyss
violence so exciting dude seriously you
never get a front parking spot here it's
always so crowded you to park in the
very back but we got the best spot in
the Lohr what's more excitement ok too
much excitement bring it down a notch
ok there's spiders you guys think I'm
gonna put that I put them up to this
they didn't they just made this up Rock
tarde cuz if I would have made him I too
made him do a lot better than this best
spot in the lot oh you scared me I
thought she was gonna kill us you guys
that was a close one
alright let's go alright so we have to
run a few errands I need to get a new
auxilary cable auxilary early you know
my shoulders kick I'm up there I'm up
there I didn't know octillery cable
because what I have in my truck doesn't
work here climb up the wall use the
macy's star to climb up how my shoulders
yeah oh oh a just keeping the face case
it up little help here little helper
spot in the lot we go take a lap okay
are you taking my order you please I'm
on three yeah you are Li I'm taking
hitter orange-red she wanted the falling
water daddy will shake three
cheeseburgers I wanna juice oh sorry I
can't have any of your delicious
restaurant oh I'm sorry it's really
difficult because I keep offering him
food and that's y'all rude Rito today I
wanted it at the moms view they brought
Chipotle burritos and they were they
were disgusting I think I have a lot of
good footage from the moms you today
humming I don't you guys have got to
fight we got a vlog fight with the
camera wasn't on cuz well like well what
I actually didn't get in a fight because
she's being super patient with me but if
I were him I would be yelling at me
right now I was at the moms too and I
totally vlogs like I'm gonna Bologna and
then I didn't fog anything at the mom's
view I don't know why I'm such an idiot
it's not like there wasn't any hot
chicks to film or anything
there's tons of those good job babe does
that help
I don't know absolutely I'm still hungry
I'm doing it anyway
I'm gonna be - babe what you give me
some Papes tapes yeah you gave me some
tape tape here I'll get it what are you
gonna do with it
yeah what'd you do with this tapes tape
I'm give me some tapes doing it so you
guys think he looks nice I bought those
shoes for him a while ago
do you like your shoes goes roller here
you go
what are you doing what are you gonna do
with it ain't good
so is what you're going to do you could
tape that Nilla wafer Otto's up silly
putty oh no don't get it in the carpet
will be it will be Leon we don't know
that okay yeah say that hey I'm four
feet baby alright they see it I'll have
to see you that is enough hey Tyler turn
your computer I wish I wish cameras are
on all the time I also had a lot more
moment I know there's so many better
moments you know cuz it's like we have
to think to turn the camera stop why I'm
tried of law everybody
Zeke dough to be quiet
what so tell me what you just said
reenact the situation they believe you
baby dad was yelling dad dad and he goes
what I go leave your father alone he's
busy wallowing in his misery
going on date for yeah I'm on day four
of Jews oh you looked his butthole the
other day I saw it like this but I'm not
kissing you on the lips anymore you're a
bottle liquor what the hell is going on
what are you doing anyways thanks for
watching her videos thanks for being a
part of our family every time I turn
this little device on it's like a window
opens up into our home and sometimes it
ain't pretty
it's a little crazy you know what is
pretty well the baby you guard
hey hey hey guys all right
I'm going to the gym I don't care that I
haven't eaten any solid foods in four
days I need to exercise I have some
steam to blow up you don't want to be
here 24/7
it's annoying my fly's undone I'm trying
to be comfortable I make computer videos
f-word I believe it I've go to gymnasium
say lasers lasers hey show us you guys
uh baby tard just ask she could have
this little calendar last year when we
did the 2013 trade hard calendars so did
a few that are like mini versions and we
have one and this is how baby tard has
decided to hang it from her ceiling I'm
gonna get in your bed and see the
viewing experience from the top bunk of
the baby tard bed Oh what day is it
oh let me see here I'll use my big toe
oh it's January 31st hey with my
birthday again I'm gonna turn to March
5th
there it is happy birthday to me lounge
is this the girls lounge
what a treat what a play Oh what I'm up
here you can't come up here remedy come
on watch out watch out you there jump up
come on D come on come on take her girl
out what are we doing the girls lounge
oh we do girls stuff in the girl oh this
is the girls oh that's the girls lounge
yeah yeah you guys get yourself a
calendar they're for sale right
oh yeah you ever buy one yeah I could
probably get you in for free but I'll
take your money if you want to buy one
dummy get one for free you're gonna buy
it you bite my towel give you one for
free
ah $26 for a calendar is that too much
it's not a good deal yeah the violin
right now $86 and the one she had
Prince's TARDIS saved up $86 and let
their savings account like a little
thing I gave her a debit card
she is like earned money like when
Princess tart wants to earn money I'll
have her do little jobs like massage my
feet or take out the trash or something
and show her she's such a little
capitalist she'll earn some money I
won't have cash on me and I said listen
I'm gonna bake you a debit card so I
made her a debit card and I add money on
to it whenever she earns it okay I see
how much you got
you gonna buy one right now yes of
course I want one right you want a
calendar
it'll ship in a week from now okay 20
you get Italy 20 21 22 kind of feel bad
making my own daughter I mean you're in
the calendars
I don't even pay you to be in the
calendar you could charge me actually
because yeah you're probably in a
majority of the pictures actually then
I'll be $5 dang it don't it just I
just lost five bucks I was about to make
some money day yet wait you're still
gonna buy this but you're gonna have
Series in five elf
okay I'll give you five bucks each
picture hey you guys think when you grow
up you guys will want to charge me for
all the vlogs you been in I'm putting
you guys through college I bought your
clothes and your your food is that cool
oh she's bought a mustache mustachioed
tall
ddddd okay we got a sad baby just bounce
a little on the father yes but she
that's nice oh like that yes you do yes
you do what honey
oh oh that's Perry
okay what were you going um to the fire
station so far our station sweet okay
the kids are trying to help me my throat
charred because we're trying to make
dinner and he doesn't like it when I
make dinner he gets really mad for some
reason I don't know what it is maybe
because he can't eat it but we're making
pesto pasta and centaur does helping me
put the dried sun-dried tomatoes in
we'll just chop them up and slice them
in cotton I pretty sure how we have done
this recipe on the Shaytards before I
don't want to bore you guys with the
recipe the kids love it
- bro tard he does not worry but I'm
making it for the older children and we
were shank he's still on a juice diet I
always feel bad when I'm cooking when
it's on the juice diet he's really tough
and doesn't complain about it but I know
it sucks look because I have tried to go
with no sugar this week because I've
been really bad about not having sugar
and it's been really hard and I can't
even complain because he's not having
food he's having juice so anyways we're
making pesto pasta and it's mostly for
me and the kids know she doesn't get a
happy meal but I will promise I will
make his favorite recipe next week
whatever you want I will make it
probably curry chicken how that's
awesome and I haven't made it in a long
time anyways you guys want some lefty
Wow
hi guys I'm getting sinned with you I
just turned the camera on you see the
eyes trolled around the house no I do a
little spin cuz our house looks good a
little it I'm about to fall the couch
itself yeah it's so good today
okay sweat how do you feel trip tomorrow
and I'm so excited and I'm so dizzy so
let's get up it's dead again and don't
stop tele holla spot snowman sandy was
very happy soul cop piped but ignorance
- I've made out of cool
fra Steve snowman was a very happy soul
in a very loving and a happy for this
day frosty snowman with a very happy so
here's why and a button nose two eyes
made out of coal
Oh see you later
hi here thickly Frosty the Snowman
oh man that made my heart melt that
footage is priceless if I lost that
footage and somebody was willing to sell
it back to me for $10,000 I'd probably
pay for it just little by little baby
tard she's like coming out of her shell
right guys she used to be so shy you can
tell that little girl she's gonna be a
performer she can sing there's so many
moments where like I don't have it on
camera where she's just belting out like
the latest Disney song in the bathroom
she has like this baritone this deepness
to her voice I can't wait to see her on
stage one day I guarantee it'll happen
she loves it all right
wow that's a long vlog is it too long is
it too much footage you guys cuz I'll
make him shorter but you know sometimes
I don't mind slapping you upside the
head with 22 minutes of happiness
what kind are you gonna smile you're
better days cute kids buddy I'm trying
to be funny am i funny maybe I'm not
funny oh happy weekend to you it's
Friday TGIF love you guys click on some
buns oh no endslate thanks Jordan
love it it rocks why am i picking my
daughter's nose I have a weirdo love you
guys see tomorrow
