yeah I like that song you guys should
download it on iTunes for $0.99 links
below okay I want a great idea do you
like him oh you're so sweet thank you he
loves you
oh you want to give me a kiss oh you are
so sweet
he gives very good shake hisses I column
oh no I'm getting a kiss that's like a
shake kiss very aggressive oh thank you
it's like juice I'm going to make her
studios bye baby
he's coming with me here's about the
baby everybody wrote Oh heads up retard
they're not fun yet they don't smile
when you smile at him watch how fast I
grew up the stairs though okay I'm super
excited
probably like keep track of me I
probably if you'll be so back that means
your wrist
Libre is like when you go to pan the
camera prior yourself alright what
another due date being this little guy
hey little guy what's going on a due
date because these inferior iPhone
products my phone just stopped working
my iPhone just like out of the blue like
it won't turn on and then it like if I
plug it in it'll turn on but it always
down for like five minutes and it turns
off so we're headed down to the Third
Street Promenade to go discuss their
Apple problems you guys tell me they're
just gonna give me a new one I don't
want to have a lot of hassle I just want
to be like oh sorry mr. Butler we
apologize for the inconvenience here's a
new iPhone because this one doesn't work
I bought it less than a month ago right
it's already not working frustration but
let's have a little perspective I have a
lot of blessings and it's just an iPhone
so what I have a healthy son
I have healthy kids a beautiful wife and
an awesome beard so I mean there's
nothing for me to be mad about
I mean seriously look at this thing it's
amazing right right okay
whoa
oh okay I told Sun tarnis so let's not
even go home let's just go to another
movie just go to movies every night this
week
let's celebrate your birthday every day
cool you skip to Malou all right what do
you guys think they're gonna say do you
think I'm have to buy a new one
seriously I didn't drop it I didn't get
it in water it just stopped working like
one day no I was on the airplane and I
turned it off and I tried to turn it
back on it wouldn't come on
and I plugged it in then it would come
on for like five minutes and it keeps
going on and off frustrating I got the
Christmas lights flashing down here oh
wait no there's an emergency crazytown
dude you live in a pretty crazy town you
know look and Los Angeles California all
right ghost of Steve Jobs don't let me
down give me my phone back all right you
guys want reality this is reality right
now okay check it out yes
this house is trashy mess okay yes well
guess what you're gonna have to so I
feel like our world has been in a
whirlwind we got back from Idaho and we
just like have been going going going
and haven't stopped and so I haven't had
a chance to get the house clean plus I
have a baby that has to be patched to be
55 95 percent of the day it's really
difficult and I've realized that he's a
little bit more needy than the other
babies were like he needs to be held all
the time and I can't decide if maybe
he's like a little bit colicky that
could be a stomach ache or what it's a
little bit difficult I love him but it's
difficult to get the house clean and
take care of him at the same time so
currently princess Chartists what
babysitting for me so that we can clean
up a little bit in this house all right
are you guys with me let's do this oh my
goodness seriously Barbie cards on the
computer desk we know who's that is my
back and there
adorable Oh we're jumping on the cash
that doesn't help us clean I don't have
my picture up there but where's your
picture I don't know oh my goodness
it's gorilla gorilla baby tard you look
so grown-up when you put that on but
guilty for something Wow even through
the sweater need to find those books
honey go find them if it's hard can't
find her school bus sounds such a mess
what can wear the hat I'm talking show
us how Zeke can wear the hat take the
board you want me to do what what do you
want me to do you like that hey what are
you doing Nikki oh oh he got it
that's funny that makes him a laugh
you got it all right daddy dinner is
done what are you doin buster
I just had my cheese for dinner dad well
if I could drink where you drink from
the juice I juice for the rest of my
life
gee he don't know what he's talking
about he likes bottles hey I heard Oh
like he's holding his head up better
than most of our babies at that age
that's wrong you look like you have to
stand for the world over and it'd be
really awesome in sports
you can't take time to not exercise so I
got exercise working those neck muscles
working the neck myself look at that
little face
hello I'm supposed to give you a kisses
from the Apple lady from this all right
I'm thirsty it's time to drink my juice
just looking at the tree so cute he
likes it you know I have a picture when
I was a baby
I mean laying under the Christmas tree
yeah so cute I love having a baby at
Christmastime because it's like the baby
of Jesus it's my baby all right
well this sucks I just got an email from
the girl at the Apple Store who helped
me if there are those of you who saw the
vlog that I put up previous there's a
really cool interaction there was a lady
at the Apple Store who was deaf who was
a big viewer of the Shaytards and I
asked if I fill him any time I am in
public and I filled with somebody I said
okay if i vlog with you and she said yes
it was well she sent me an email just
now saying that her manager at the Apple
store said that we had to take the video
down which socks me on because it was
such a cool moment like the happiness
and her hugging son tard and it's like
pisses me off
I hate corporate ah hate that that yeah
you know it's just one of those things
one of those things we have to deal with
in this world it's like we can't just
like be people and be with each other
and you know maybe I shouldn't even be
venting about this right now
so I edited all of that out so sorry if
you guys missed it it was really cool it
was definitely a you had to have been
there moments those of you who saw it
backed me up in the comments right sorry
I had to cut it out I love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow I'm really
disappointed
I can't even say her name hi she can't
even hear me though cuz okay depressed
these are supposed to be happy videos
