crap it's not focused to earth they
shout hooray we like to sing to you
today you're ten years old now oh that
means I'm ten years older wait something
like that it means I'm getting old I
have a ten-year-old you guys I do not
feel old enough to have a ten year old
are you really ten I don't know if I
believe that well it's true it's true I
love you love you girls what your
brother's ten what do you have to say
for him son being ten that's fun being
ten I woke up happy because our house is
decorated with Christmas lights and
stuff it's really fun but I'm also tired
so I'm a little bit loopy when you
combine happy and tired it means you're
loopy anyway let's go
thank you do they do anything in your
class for your birthday for schools
they say that
you know they used to let parents come
and like bring treats and stuff but now
they're all paranoid about like
allergies and stuff so you can't really
come and bring treats you know they
couldn't take all the fun out of things
I've realized that school likes to do
that to you because there's always like
roles and liabilities and things like
that but oh wow we are going to enjoy
your birthday later and we have Scouts
tonight so he's going to go to Scouts
and we're probably gonna bring it for
every kick that's exciting huh birthday
thanks douche Matty birthday your mom
must love you so much
get you boom Oh careful with the baby
birthday shit okay no you hold her yet
you know the rules go fans Schmidty
birthday so tell us about how in school
does anybody say happy birthday to me
didn't curl give you any kisses ah
classic senior birthday to me
did any girl say happy birthday one Oh
an important one or just one thing she's
pretty important bro can we know where
well a little third grade memory Oh
her name's Abby oh yeah Abby's back dr.
Oliver Abby well you like his balloons
they're not for you it's not your
birthday yet look I'm taking them I'm
taking them I don't care
somebody doesn't like the balloons you
can feel me filming him Jim yeah
where'd he go he's gone Wagner groans
seriously growling at the blintze he
came upstairs and just stared out that's
just rude
but it's funny hey she's got some
friends over they brought you a present
it's just like I know give it to me
thank you or something oh thank you so
much guys what do you say thank you so
much love okay we're making some
sugar-free cupcakes we found a cup cake
mixes sugar-free and we're going to
flavor yeah I mean decorate Hayes are
yellow so if we put blue in it it might
turn green let's see you just gotta put
a few drops in it okay don't go crazy
you okay I'll just you don't mind what's
in your mouth Oh careful don't choke
mmm-hmm okay start stirring it okay what
car is it gonna make rock-hard that's
part of baking with kids is there's
always gonna be a little bit of a back
or a lot who knows hey do we have to
make a video every single day that with
it that's the definition of daily vlogs
that's the thing about daily vlogs
what's that noise it is actually cupcake
sugar-free movie what is that
stop here's what I'm having for dinner
me in this guy if you don't turn that
freakin thing off you'll shut that hole
in your psycho side he needs a hug
little what's word bitchy right sorry uh
yeah here we are day two of my juice
cleanse
and I'm a buttery cow because that's why
I requested for his birthday son tard
come in here you birthday boy
Slavoj old slab sloppy joes a slab hey
Joe why is sloppy joes your favorite
there's something good
he likes stuff that sloppy huh okay here
we go
sloppy joes I'm making my juice I'm
having carrots cucumbers squash tomatoes
celery
dude you ought to have my juice with me
instead of a sloppy joe well that's so
much hey we're gonna go buy you some
presents after dinner okay
okay you ready yes okay okay I'm excited
because we didn't buy you any birthday
presents you know any farm at all
because we don't know what a ten year
old one
oh I went to a store we just haven't had
any time I went to this where to find
what he wanted and they didn't have
anything cold ice I saw the one that
we're gonna get him online for Christmas
but dude when I told him I said we don't
have any presents for you but we're
gonna go to the mall and you can say I
want that and I'll buy it
I want that and I'll buy it okay it's
just not gonna be wrapping paper are you
cool with that you feel like you were
like getting a Crabby birthday party
yeah okay and then I actually do have
one surprise for you tonight that I'm
not showing yet do you know what it is
does he know what it is yet are you
gonna be home a time by the way um you
might have to drop off okay yeah well
I'll see ya okay whisper don't tell it
promise promise secretly all right let's
have this delicious disgusting awesome
give it up
what did you say your best pair
yeah slavi door slams libido beautiful
soft Anita Hill the sloppy joe son no
dude go in the computer right now and
look up the sloppy joe song by Adam
Sandler get do your homework young man
somebody I don't um well look she needs
to read yes
Oh care about reading like you're not
juicy that's the lunch 81 without
insurance but that is sloppy joe the
lunch lady one isn't innocent one look
it up the guard come tell me when you
find it
hey dude classic I need to know this
song okay you can have a sloppy joe
unless you know this song can't believe
you never heard of it before
listen up okay fees happy Joe Joe aah
laughing Joel slapping go sloppy sloppy
joe you be seeing that every time every
bite you take all right I'm gonna go
make a juice no all right bro man here
we are at the mall we're here to do some
presents shopping you weren't an ed
Bassmaster sure camp really clean house
at ro D arcade yesterday didn't you
so gave them a bunch of stuff yesterday
oh this is gold-bug crucifix
hey dude where's the first stop where we
going yeah I thought Jesus on the cross
with his Dale oh yeah know it is the
season to be jolly I'm jolly here's how
you can tell I have some really annoying
kids
you guys were loud I'm sorry that's just
kind of how we are just loud and
obnoxious it's not my fault it's their
mom she is always like yapping about
something watch I just said dad watch
this it's it Cooper Cooper go go go turn
down for what nice just to them sleigh
bells ring a ling ting ting ting to
you know it's lovely weather for present
Louis 2:7
hey what'd you get so far you want to
show him what you got for your birthday
he got some zoomies merchandise she's
got a beanie because he's a Rastafari
Haile Selassie I what else did you get a
weird mech Mickey Mouse hat which I
guess later don't worry about that we'll
find him later
hey quit talking to Santa we got him put
in the center
say hi to Santa uh somebody got in there
I mean yelled out I get yelled at I'm
gonna get yelled at I'm gonna get you
all that hey what did Santa give you
what did he give you what did you tell
him you wanted for Christmas I told you
wanted a scooter cool Rock I just walked
right up to Santa Claus not even scared
most three-year-olds are scared I would
think maybe not all three-year-olds you
did Oh little peer pressure huh what'd
you say to him I'm going to open this
for you all right there you go
Santa gave him a candy cane didn't even
charge us for it how nice
looks like we're going in here net Bobby
I said skate three that's the cool new
skate game to get guess we'll check it
out all right we're at Jamba Juice and
I'm about to get a kale pineapple apple
smoothie
look at that thing I looks healthy and
these homies are going to get a
Caribbean passion
ma knots yours dude
Jamba stepping up their game that's
actually a real juice I used to go there
before it was like ice cream and like
frozen stuff he put real apples real
kale real pineapples and real chia seeds
in this that's delicious fruit juice for
you I'm excited to get me too
you guys like it yeah staying healthy I
got you guys the crappy ones I don't
want you guys to live as long as me so I
got you guys the crappy ones
there's mangoes pineapple in there what
are you playing here dude
we fit you we fit everyone you have to
stand on there whoa that shocks the
bottom of your feet you tell him that
there's an electric ha ha you know she's
joking
what'd he give him a refreshment during
the video game such a good sister that's
impressive little man that is very
impressive so rock card is jumping like
up and down these things and all sudden
he just decided to jump from one to the
next which furless little three-year-old
legs is a farm leap watch rocked art
let's see the job dude
and those are like hardwood things dude
good jump I'm totally impressed with him
oh not that one this one though he's got
it he's a little leapfrog oh he's asleep
oh she's asleep oh everybody's a so
they're all asleep taking a nap they've
been tired of shopping thinking to get
hand oh he just ripped
did you happen that maybe the biggest
part I've ever burned that was
disgusting dude rose oh he's asleep he
sleep do those groves man you better
disinfect that , you have some
antibacterial soap that , come on let's
go
fart knockers I think we have a hula
hoop up you failed go which are you guys
let's see this go princess baby what's
your freakin name card that's the new
baby's name what's your freaking name
tart we got a hula hoop master here to
aisle three of the target there she goes
one two three there we yeah funny
commentary that I don't have don't get
scared I get a scooter okay well maybe
if you can clean that dirt off your face
you can have one yeah you're a little
small
spider-man scooter okay
christmas is coming hey I saw yesterday
when you were hugging the monkey and
Costco was that a comfortable monkey
yeah okay I'm not gonna spell you're not
going to scouts oh wait a minute
oh no ha now go home will you go to
scouts one day okay we're in the church
we're dropping off the kids because of
me and son tarik going on somewhere
special
the mommy tarts gonna watch these kids I
mean son had gone a little special
treats date here go play some basketball
okay so we drop the kids off with mommy
tart at scouts and now I'm taking Sun
tart on a little due date we're doing a
little dude date we're gonna do date
dude hey dog gonna order due date yeah
definitely it's not that cool just like
a fun little thing the me mom thought it
would be fun with me and you and dad
like on a little dude date dog okay
hey boy thanks from with you oh that's
so sweet I love you you two know talking
about he's the best boy in the world
alright so I told son already has to
keep his eyes closed until we get there
because I want to get any hints keep a
close eye my friend is gonna tickle me
but jab my fingers right in your side
right now I'm gonna you don't peek don't
peek dummy just tell you sure let me
just tell you yeah okay we're gonna go
me and you we go see Catching Fire at
the movie theater Hey are you faking the
excitement no you sure yes you want to
go do that yes I do me and you go see
Katniss stabbed some people with her
arrow yeah sure that's what that girl's
name was Katniss and her skill is at the
bow and arrow it's cool nail for my eyes
now Oh your eyes still closed I've been
watching the road yeah you can open your
eyes
we were eyes closed the whole time I was
just holding the camera like this
because I was watching the road and he's
I didn't realize your eyes were closed
that's silly
yeah okay we'll go into the movies yeah
let's hope we don't get shot that's this
is where the shooting was last time we
came here Roger fingers this is actually
gonna be really hard for me because I'm
on this juice fast and coming to the
movies is probably one of my favorite
things to do I love it I really enjoy
going to the cinema getting a Coke or
some other beverage popcorn and licorice
and Milk Duds and skittles and I don't
care I freaking eat all when I come to
the movies so fun not today I'm gonna
get a big water you get some popcorn
ladies a popcorn yeah all right here we
go let's go to the cinema all right we
caught the fire and we were swept off
our feet what'd you think dude I was
awesome you liked it yeah you have a
good birthday I love you happy birthday
you
I love you do you like it yeah good
movie intense tent I'm gonna go shoot a
bow and arrow now I forgot to tell you
guys while we're at the game stop in the
mall check out what Sun tarde got show
them you got the recommendation you guys
are all giving us the new skate three
pretty good deals only twenty bucks
happy birthday thanks dude there's only
six minutes and your birthday is over
and you need to get in bed it's a school
night
I'm excited play that game with you no
that'll be fun one year older and wiser
too happy birthday to you happy birthday
my son I love you you are such a good
example not only to me and to your mom
and your brothers and sisters but
thousands and thousands of people in the
world an example of how you should act
with love and kindness and always
thinking of other people's feelings and
because you act that way I am so proud
of you
talk it right to you Gavin I love you
dude you're such a good kid we're very
very proud of you happy ten years on the
earth your mortality has been a success
so far I would love you guys click on a
video there are six clickable options
here yesterday's vlog I'm feeling lucky
or one two three and four and we will
see you tomorrow wish sent hard a happy
birthday in the comments guys
