many days mayonnaise mayonnaise be
Marian okay this is just ridiculous
yeah I am NOT cool that look it he is
scaling the wall he's a painter or
something of some sort he's scaling the
wall that's so dangerous sorry no I have
to check out the zoom again don't it was
wrong I'm sorry guys I was totally ready
to figure out this camera anyways he was
scaling the wall he was in a holding on
it wasn't attached to anything
Jerry could you are going to be safe
that's why your mom doesn't want you to
die that's why oh hi how are you rock
guard death others it's just making
funny faces all right
every song okay my turn
you guys can grab and be painters and
construction workers but you have to be
strapped in okay it's typical having
five kids guys you know three is hard
we're pretty hard but once he hit five
it's like that's what I'm like anyways
but we're working on it
hey got that you know you're wearing a
hi I'm Ron shirt hey you like that shirt
yeah
yesterday son Todd came up to me he's
like dad there's just cool shirt in your
closet that I want to wear I'm like what
sure it is it better not be my favorite
shirt and anyone got that one I was like
dude that's why I'm Ron shirt so he wore
it to school today did you like it did
your friends like it anybody make any
comments oh what'd he say so much I said
it's a beautiful summer I should hear it
more the accordion hey where we going
right now what are we doing can I tell
him yeah tell him what's up dude take
out what's calendar yourself yeah yeah
we're here at maker studios right now to
finalize the 2014 calendar we're going
to look at all the pictures or maybe
like yes I like that one no I don't like
that one I hear laughter let's go find
out what the master is all about it's a
good sound but sometimes it's very loud
on with exercise I love you
Shay got me that exercise ball like
forever ago and I finally popped or
problem I finally blew it up the girls
are having a blast at least that one's
getting some exercise out huh or
whiplash they're silly let's go see what
the baby's doing Hey oh look at you look
at you you have over a million potential
babysitter's one of our viewers gave
this to us at VidCon I believe she's
such a sweetheart
and she tweeted me today okay so we are
just slaving over these pictures it's so
hard there's so many cute children out
if you choose Brian how do you choose
don't know man it's tough so one thing
that we have done every year is we've
had a January of 2000 over the next year
so you're not getting 12 months of
calendar ladies and gentlemen you're
getting 13 so that's a high quality
calendar put those weekends away dude
I'm doing a 5 days fast right now dude
is a high quality calendar and you talk
about the January 2014 slide yet that's
what I'm talking about right now bro
dude yeah such a smile out so this is
probably gonna be at the giant Butler
you can't see too much of it I don't
want to give too much away but we're
gonna pick in one of these like big
family photos which we have never ever
with all of the family that's in the
family of the Butler family we have
never had a giant picture like this so
this is most likely going to be the
January 2015
for the 2014 shake arts calendar right
that's legit good-looking family yeah
you don't want that bowl like this size
right the whole wall we get a whole wall
the bow if it awesome be a poster dude
let's do a butler family poster if you
guys let me just let me just say
something right now let me relieve a lot
of pressure for me
if you're ever mad about not getting
some socks or you know you have a a beef
with rodeo arcade this guy right here is
really doing his Twitter is zou mano or
tweet rut do tweet the rodeo arcade
occasionally yes so you tweet so you
guys he's the one that's in charge of
those wins the song is gonna be back in
about a week and a half from you
watching this video which is a guard up
tomorrow so two weeks two weeks that we
got a lot of colors coming up purple
green rainbow I showed I showed her drew
that you texted me those three right the
green purple and the red are you gonna
bring the pink ones back we are you guys
heard it here right here from roadie our
kid okay get back to work um here we go
what do we do a little mad just kick it
around and your stripy socks and your
stripy socks and your stripy socks
you're not our guy but this occasion
it's a Michael fucking indeed it holds
him and say I got a sock song and I got
and jumping him up a little I got myself
say babies hearts already thinking of
the video ideas you're just like your
dad anything crazy we can do with the
babies huh yeah get my hair in a pony
pal yes I sure can get ready for
gymnastics a you guys it's 6:30 p.m. on
my first day of the five-day juice
cleanse not filling it proud but I knew
it was gonna be hard I told myself that
but now I'm here at the precipice of the
hardness I don't want to or but I'm
gonna do it there's never any glory and
giving up on it something gets hard I
think it's good to teach yourself that
to go through things that are hard just
because they're hard even if it's like
I'm suffering I'm not gonna die and it's
better for me
but I really want to eat something right
now though we're gonna buy some
vegetables cucumbers celery anything we
can do s-- oh do there's a leak in the
boat remember that part and was that
cloudy don't flick it at me - I have a
camera technology don't do it oh this
your shirt I got you
so you got you remember that dude
remember it's sunny with a chance of
meatballs like there's a leak in the
boat he's like oh no that's a leak now
you know my bite can you use squash do
you think you can juice squash mmm I
guess there's only one way to find out
isn't there yeah juice it I we need some
squash I'm just getting all kinds of
stuff one cuz I'm starving
and I just want to buy anything I can to
put my body but we want to find out some
new juice recipes haha let me just put
my fingers up your nose don't you love
me to love it oh yeah yeah so people are
trying to look at us weird we're get
some real weird box
okay did you wanna talk you want to tell
him why we're going to the store where's
wonder this work tell me yeah yeah we're
not getting paid - ya know what's coming
up soon who's gonna come to our house
Santa Claus we're getting Christmas
stuff present
he's excited is that all the sunset
there's the sunset yeah Lavanya sunset
well that's just lovely my little love
okay let's go get some decorations yeah
what do you see
he's so happy yeah there's lots of
lights and giant candy canes and all
sorts of stuff I'm thinking we might
have to go somewhere else so cuz this
place is like you know we're how long so
they just have really like the outdoor
stuff and we just want a few things for
inside the hell you can do this see so
happy right now
because we're gonna be in Idaho for
Christmas so we're really only gonna use
this stuff for three weeks and then
Christmas will be you know oh my
goodness best to my ever we walked by
the stuffed animals he goes mom I wanna
hug the monkey
so we're hugging the monkey that is just
oh well you'll have to ask Santa Claus
for it mom's not getting any monkeys
today I'm just gonna bring this monkey
home just this one just this one alright
you guys - I'm a little bit bummed I was
really excited to come okay - remember a
few blocks ago when I came here and
there was a nativity set with baby Jesus
and the whole nativity thing and I was
like oh it's kind of expensive not going
to get above a lot well I decided that I
really want it and I came back and they
don't have it anymore it's only December
what 2nd or 3rd and they don't have it
anymore it's already sold out so I
it just shows that people still believe
in Jesus because they all bought the
nativity set but I didn't that's what
happens when you snoop all things that
you love like I know you do
let's tell Santa about the monkey okay
around her since we can't get a nativity
set do we want to get stamped or no
soulless Norman or Santa Claus snow
globe le is spilled man I should get the
snow man yeah but listen it's not a toy
you can't play with it okay you got to
put it up on the on the mantel by the
fireplace she's not the one we should
get yeah okay
all right so update on my life during
this daily vlog that we do daily for the
last five years so when I juiced my
juice this morning we have that Jack
LaLanne juicer and the like the blade it
won't come out and Colette said that
there's a tool that like you put in it
like twist the blade out we couldn't
find the tool and I try to get a towel I
try to do everything I could to get the
blade out and it wouldn't come out so we
gotta go buy another juicer because you
can't do a 5 day juice fast if you don't
have a juicer so that juicer that I use
this more actually used it to juice two
juices today it's just sitting there
with all the pulp in it drying now
because I can't get the blade off cuz
it's stuck so now we're at B B&B bro BP
and B bro Bed Bath & Beyond bro and I
have a question for you why do you only
have one shaycarl sock on what's going
on here these are my church sects pull
them up let's see come up as high as I
can
did you not find the match this morning
yeah ma really in general I couldn't
find any socks so I used these yesterday
from church so you just push them all
down so nobody could notice basically I
like hanging out with you take my own
built-in little friend that's why you
have kids cuz I was a loser before but
then I had kids now I have lots of
friends all right this I heard my friend
Jillian tweeted me today and said that
this is one of the top on the market 15
year warranty what do you think can you
tell what you think the best juicer is I
can't even tell
worthless thing I'm up I stick the fruit
in there and get the juice out of there
just shoots right in your mouth it's
like you should put the juice like he'll
shoot your eye out
juice uriah which what's the better
juicer here out of these two alright
which one you think we should get
probably when this is the guy oh yeah
you saw that movie ninja you guys seen
this fat sick and nearly dead I tell you
what if you watch any documentary on the
internet you should watch this one get
on Hulu or Netflix or whatever this
highly recommend this documentary
another one I know I just recommended
that one but forks over knives change
the way you eat your food I promise you
just take my word for it watch that
movie he'll change your whole life
I swear so I was just I'm asking the guy
that Bath & Beyond what I should get and
he's trying to sell me on the Vitamix
which I have already and I know that
they're amazing you can do so much with
the Vitamix I already have a Vitamix I
kinda want a juicer and a Vitamix oh
that's silly to want both don't know
don't yell on the end like this one is
good I think this is more for like green
stuff because like the opening is really
small but these kind over here they're
more for like fruits cuz I got the big
shoot that's like you can fit the whole
Apple down that thing and look hi I'm
Joe and I'll have 70 pounds on juice I
recommend this Braddock what do you
think I hate showing you guys these
every is like you should have got that
one sure alright then people's aren't
ripping each other's arms off and
beating each other with it
don't be each other with each other's
arms you guys that is just not nice this
gonna make me healthy
am I gonna be skinny and handsome if you
put in yes so if I put cheesecake in
there Walker for me you're saying yeah
these are juice cheeseburgers I want my
money back I thought I'd juice
cheeseburger okay
APIs thank you Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas
Vivian still get help okay
come on get help spooky Odie ghazal
right Oh bill okay I'll help ya what are
the hell two Cowboys
keep walking like nerds all day that the
how the hell P Cowboys yeah walking that
nerd I think in a trip okay so we just
got back from picking up the girls from
gymnastics and shopping and are you in a
bathtub
he's always naked it's just the way he
is anyways so we just got back and
rocked her not rock dirt that's you bro
tard I cannot tell you how many times
I've gotten them mixed up not only third
hard names but their regular names all
day long I'm calling him him and him him
anyways so it's almost like me we just
need to piss his shoes on okay I'm
excited so bro Todd had a huge blowout
and the girls are we just gave him a
bath and the girls are dressing him up
I'm so excited to see how they're
dressing him are you ready yet I'm super
curious little fashionista he's gonna
look so handsome I'm sure all right
we're making tacos for dinner I'm trying
to get it all cooked before Shay gets
here because he's on a juice cleanse so
I hate cooking in front of him because I
know that that's super ten temping
temping it's one of those days
a tempting now I'm top of the stairs so
don't okay
oh okay are we ready I can I look can I
look yet Oh careful down here shoes on
again watch where you're walking
look Tom these shoes on withered and
they look so well they're tooth they're
still too big
hey don't you big for you little muffin
you look so handsome thank you girls
okay the girls found him some new shoes
oh look it doesn't have a while lemare
it's from Australia no you're not
touching a baby he's so cute oh I know
you're not happy but you're adorable
you're so happy
he's just hungry shiny princess tarts
cheek all right Monday is family holy
are you Frank Sinatra princes heart is
like gung-ho about the Christmas lights
and I don't want to get on my roof we
don't have a ladder the ladder your baby
I need opinions what version that we go
oh yeah I won't help with that I think
we should move this table babe move this
table and put it right here so that it
can like be seen out of the window right
there the table right here yeah and then
we could move that chair even baby tard
you're gonna help them it's so cute
but yes wait it's gonna be I'll be
outside
see what we can do out there these kids
are slave drivers
I'm coming by Oh the tree is being
unboxed right we opened it Roger goes oh
my gosh that the bottom huh pull it out
boys and Evaristo Harper look honey we
have a beggar what are you a Christmas
beggar
I need a Red Ryder for Christmas a Red
Ryder BB gun you shoot dry out it's
worth it to shoot your eye out
all right old man we'll see what we can
do
ruff heart who is that what's that guy
pistol that shoots is always shove body
and head and a little talking oh go for
a walk is the hope of Janice and Jen and
mom and dad can hardly wait for school
to start again and you guys are going to
look back on these videos with such fond
memories for your British singer now so
what in the park as well the sturdy kind
that doesn't buy the snow oh it's a
Christmas skirt mrs. Hart is going to
town it's so shiny I wish we could have
some Christmas treats right now
you guys jump it's happening I'm wearing
what do you think I love it you'll go
down in history then one foggy Christmas
Eve santa came to say Rudolph with your
nose so bright won't you guide my made
what is ornament we're gonna film it huh
are you wonderful easy yeah put that on
the top I'll hold you up and you can put
it on the top okay dude let's get a
Rudolph nose for zekiel he would be such
a good road off road off Rudolph
Zeek you want to be rude off you could
be rude off your route off find a red
nose let's go put it on him yeah I
remember
come on Rudolph hold still
there's Rudolph oh look at that couple
Hey
many days Mayo days Marian geez really
slow wait does it go
Syrus ready Oh bro where you been the
last five years
yo who died out of law in his defense it
is a new camera I'm still getting used
to it love definitely it's Christmas
let's discuss that it's a Christmas song
Merry Christmas
I love you where are you gonna put all
those balls to decorate the tree you're
doing a really good job you know that
you're doing an awesome job I bet your
Santa will be so proud of you you know
who's more proud of you me
so crap got a ball down frog proud of
you too
who's getting excited for the Shaytards
christmas special you should just go
right now and watch the past four years
we have four Shh our Christmas specials
maybe only three now this year only
number five load it yeah this year over
the fifth Christmas special you did a
drum roll in the popcorn tins let's see
hey do these have popcorn in them
oh they're just storage
open those up or there's fighter pot put
in there there's tinsel boom there's ten
saw yapping around the tree I'm gonna
put it around Rock tard there you go
there we go handsome scarf my friend
yeah bring those decorations you're
doing a great job to go run in a
one-horse sleigh I like the blue tinsel
I think Jesus does too he likes the blue
tinsel all right there it is the
beauteous tree and Miss Cindy Lou who is
going to now place the star know who
faces a star on the top of the tree
it's some animated dad ha ha ha you're
ruining the tree copying come on we'll
replace you there's a lot of other kids
who want to put that star up there but
can't do it we'll get somebody out
sometimes you've got to get aggressive
with it baby turn over bite your bucket
you get it you didn't get Johnny today's
up ah there you go
great for this ruined it's too heavy
yes you have to like
that's it I would like to do it just say
when all the Christmas presents
boom Shakalaka Oh beautiful and this was
decorated by baby turd was quite the
collaborative effort
rocked I did a good job I loved the
random ribbons thrown everywhere we got
these here that's a good one Lucia make
it make it sparkly homey that's magical
I was very cool love you Merry Christmas
what other decoration without a show
Santa Claus's reindeer up here that's
cool Oh Merry Christmas boom there's a
25-minute Shaytards log to get you
smiling today I hope you guys had a
smile on your face throughout this
entire 25 minutes and also boom there's
a brand new sparkly shiny and slate look
at that it's so crisp and fresh and love
it don't you want to click on something
right up there that top left you see
yesterday's vlog you can click on that
to see what we're doing yesterday if you
want to click on that feeling lucky
button I usually have something a little
special spicy and spectacular there for
you and if you want to see what the
shade cards are doing exactly 1 2 3 or 4
years ago those numbers are right there
in the middle to click on also if you
guys are a fan of the Shaytards
Christmas special I think I put those in
a playlist if you go to youtube.com
slash Shaytards you go to like the main
channel you will see that playlist it's
like a Shaytards Christmas special like
playlist thingy that you can click on
and watch if you want to calendar you
better get them they're going quick we
did the final alignment on all the
pictures yesterday and now we just have
to add in the dates and the quotes and
we are locked and loaded on that thing
so get a calendar links below at rodeo
arcade I'll put a link at the very
bottom right there on the description
box
you guys will see you tomorrow happy
merry christmas/hanukkah holidays
whatever you believe it's the season for
giving in love and that's all that
matters and reverence and Jesus
