hi I'm logging here behind me there good
morning so tell me folks who in their
right mind schedules a dental
appointment on a vacation Mia for you
you still rubbing the sleep out of his
eyes
good morning Dennis a massage really
HankMed is two yahoos because they think
it's really fun to watch the Dennis's
mom it's not a big appointment it's just
she's getting sealants on his teeth it's
nothing like huge he doesn't have any
cavities when I had that was not a big
deal but it was the time that we could
do it and I prefer it in a stereo
rather than the ones in California sorry
California I haven't found one I love
yet so we're still full died I ought to
go to the dentist single bag how are you
Hey hi mom why do with the X word that's
rude
darn it he was smiling at me and then I
turned the camera on and then it stopped
one of these days we'll get it guys that
was kept what's your plan dude well your
plan I thought old puzzled
I heard Tinker Bell in there somewhere
doesn't he look handsome guys look how
handsome these boys are Oh Gil here's
some he's been holding him for the past
half hour while I curl my hair cuz he
doesn't want me to call my hair he wants
me to have straight hair I don't know
why it's his own fashion opinion but
he's been mad about it look who's that
yeah are you ready
you can't wear that what okay well you
write them I have fun
if you want to see cute you need to look
at this little duo don't fall down the
stairs
Oh rose sorry bro the theme is black and
white today so we're gonna black and
white is my posterity
look at these brethren are you gonna
pass on my my name your a future Butler
make us proud boy you are a bother like
a smart Butler no you got to earn that
name can't just sit there
throw up on yourself and look you'd
expect to be a butler I would be
definitely love you cute throw any in
his face to me you're still my baby my
baby one of all my babies yeah yeah
alright we got to go it's time to catch
a flight we I should have left 20
minutes ago are you ready get your
backpack and get in the rental vehicle
you had to carry on are you ready have
you done the pre check-in online
rocked our let's go get in the car
seriously you guys we got to go hurry go
get your seat Daxton get up and get in
your car seat you've been lounging
around this whole week you haven't done
anything to help I'm getting sick of it
pull your weight young man get up and
get in the car honey he's not listening
I know it's so rude I jerk get up quit
sitting there we're leaving without you
fine you stay in here okay you guys get
a new baby it's yours
peace out bye boy
love you dad bye oh you can't see on the
lips you weirdo
why is it a weirdo dad you're such a
weirdo hey kids wait wait wait
reverse lighting okay add accent when I
kiss the baby
Grampa kiss the baby it's a good boy I
don't wanna leave rocker let's go we
gotta go come on grandma we'll come back
and get you at Christmas he should watch
him until Christmas mom okay you stay
here till Christmas I would miss him too
much oh I love him too much
I just elbowed him in the head okay
luggage enough cuz we're headed back to
California watch for cars
watch out you ready on the airplane yeah
you ready print start hey do you got a
neck pillow you are quite the
comfortable traveler aren't ya here we
are in Los Angeles no weight or insult
like hey that's a nice butt whoops did I
say yes oh you're a rock star you're an
all star get paid whoa
that's my little pocket journal I write
important stuff in here that's my little
black book
oh and look we're exporting today it's
vlog and as soon as we land in Los
Angeles will upload that baby hey Cece
fishy's brown road tired a set of type
of yoga yeah this is your right is is
low tart second time ever Cheers
look it's the rock-paper-scissors dance
download Rock charts new hit single Rock
Paper Scissors on iTunes links below
cake cowboy
pushing the stroller she's quite the
woman
look at the Sun Tarr he's quite the
helper look at mommy tired she's quite
the looker there's baby tizzle where's
princess tizzle get you to see luggage
bro get it you can get that too
nice job fun click this time I'm
impressed you're quite the work mule put
you to work here we go
you can be in charge of those thank you
you're so responsible I already did okay
here we go
okay here we go all the way through
airport security we put the baby in a
bin I did that to rob hard ones but yeah
I put rock guard in the airport security
boom rock guard you remember that let me
hold this guy so just put them in a bin
I'm gonna bend this little guy no dad
all right princess starts Taylor Swift
Christian is getting us in trouble they
have to rerun it hey Taylor Swift better
hear about this all right we made it
through but they're just rerun in her
Taylor Swift perfume her backpack
suspect all right
I'm gonna meet you guys I never chain
table consists walking devices I use my
legs I'm racing the kids to the end of
it I'm gonna win so uh where you guys
been
Oh totally poach you should have pushed
them out of the way here they come to
fly on the plane rock the hardest so you
I'm gonna trip over everybody Oh baby
look at Christmas if there's a point
daddy uh the point see a yarn or wreath
okay real quick our gate is downstairs
on we just ate and the first thing
Colette says if we go down there and
there's a chick-fil-a next door hey I'm
gonna be so mad so we went down the
escalator and we're waiting at the
bottom of the elevator and when the
elevator opens we're gonna say there's a
chick-fil-a and we'll see how pissed she
gets you ready it starts ready very calm
there's a chick play are you kidding me
no there's not
oh we got you so good we take you on I'd
buy you ten chicken sandwiches and we'd
take him home to California movie all
soggy but I'll still eat it she don't
care I don't think it's that good let's
check fillet that good is that good so
this is sauce the guy who owns
chick-fil-a his name's truett Cathy I
think he's a good friends with Dave
Ramsey who's a good friend of mine so I
in a sense and best friends with the
owner of chick-fil-a best best friends
yeah I can get your trick play sandwich
right now if you wanted one uh because I
don't want to stop likely story
I just get bumped up to first class seat
1a because I'm a silver medallion member
you guys mind if I sit up in first class
yes I mind
why me I just got upgraded you can take
care of the five kids by yourself
what join us in first class wait yes
what I'm gonna do is whoever has my seat
I'm gonna give them this I'm gonna be
like a Good Samaritan I'll be like
excuse me that's my seat the black no
it's my seat uh bike here's your new
seat
here's first class what if they don't
want it oh then we have a problem then
princess Arthur gets us in first class
I'll let you okay here you take it
no he gets it first class let's put him
here here's your ticket have fun in
first class don't drink too much
champagne okay kids don't even know what
I'm trying to give them hi I love my
family
look at this it's just fun it's fun
traveling with you
guys I've been through so many airports
by myself it's just cool when you guys
were all here all running into people
it's a little chaotic I'm not gonna lie
it's a little crazy but it's fun chaos
it's fun chaos Rock Todd do you know
about fun chaos here we go out to the
California oh it is a beautiful day on
this lovely jet let's touch it for luck
all right Rock to her touch it no your
touch the plane touch the plane all
right go ahead touch it nice safety
kisses there you go okay so here's the
crazy scenario that's happening right
now because I was upgraded to first
class but I'm gonna be back here with my
family
somebody else was given my seat 19b
so now because she didn't have time to
switch it the computer before we got on
the airplane I have to wait for the
person that has my C 219 B to come back
here and say excuse me that's my seat
but I'm gonna be like guess what good
news you're getting upgraded to first
class so I'm kind of excited hopefully
they're not gonna be like why the world
sitting first class or like they're with
their family or something so this might
be a weird situation sontar what are we
gonna do what if they're mad what can
kids in first class I gotta get some
more sign oh yes he is
you have to go to first class can i you
just want to go up there right now no
this way because I wanna sit next to you
if the person doesn't want to then you
can but I want to give you give you new
keys the whole flight first class
upgrade right high-five for first class
Hey yes
have a great flight have a champagne on
me she was happy to see her she was
looking she was looking at her seat like
uh somebody's in my seat and actually it
was mommy tarts seat she was looking at
the lady with the baby she's like oh I
don't want to kick the lady with the
baby out now she's going up to the front
she seems excited
our plug
that like robots
we're turning it
Freaky Friday they change body but we're
changing to robot
I could be a pretty black black is white
right
black-and-white and reservoir
see
remember to playing with you
with baby
but it is now a joke
aircrews but one right here
I am sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
back in Los Angeles it is warm and
beautiful it's not like a beach
I'm crazy laugh on it's not yet
so the one and only Cecily Jenkins is
coming to pick us up not only did she
watch our giant dog for a week but she's
coming to pick us up at the airport best
friend ever right best nanny ever - yeah
she watched Zeke and Bronx so big shout
out to Cecily go follow her on Twitter
tell her she's a rock star and then sing
the lyrics for this song you're an
all-star yeah oh hey tweet that to her
you guys right now Noma sunay whose nest
no Oh watch me that assess Lee right now
nice for read look who it is it's s Lee
Jenkins the all-star Cecily you're the
best in the world
Oh does that mean I'm sick of those damn
guys
and we are back in Los Angeles
California only for 19 days and we're
headed back to Idaho for Christmas who's
ready for the sleigh bells ring a ling
ding ding - yelling - babe we did a
Christmas song last year we're gonna do
all this year we're doing right now
jingle - jingle bass yeah that's not
we're not gonna do a Christmas song this
year we've ran out of time we're busy
having babies and creating new
life-forms on this earth uh but there is
a new juicing video up on my shayla's
channel uh if you didn't hear yesterday
on the one takes Sunday what are you
doing
did you tell him I'm in your new tooth
oh cool that's my new so you said yeah
oh yeah
ha ha still don't have sex what hi check
it out I bet you're interested click on
that feel lucky button if you want to
see the one take Sunday from yesterday
where I announced my five-day juice
cleanse I'm already struggling you guys
I already want to eat some of rock cards
Wheat Thins and Colette cereal bar that
you will prevail right check out 1 2 3 &
4 with the shitty hours are doing all
them years ago and we will see you
tomorrow
