I'm hi-c know everybody thank you just
fart I think you did your beaded that
was my arm haze part it out you know you
good love you
your precious and beautiful and special
hmm lucky guy I am a lucky guy one takes
Sunday here we go the aftermath Michael
it's for little red white balance camera
seven
come on I'm ugly anyways okay we are
home back here in Los Angeles California
and so precious
so blessed to have such a beautiful wife
and an amazing mother to my children to
our children they're more yours than
mine are you naked where's your pants
rocked tell your brother to get some
pants on get the bad ha ha why is he
naked all the time
don't know I think he's more comfortable
that way how was church today crazy hair
what's in your hair long for the
pleasure it's a new rule I think there's
a naked oh he's just really fast it
changed you are you're frozen dress get
or frozen boots on you can't be on one
take Sunday I'm not blowing your balloon
up go put some pants on oops we're back
we landed yesterday here in sunny
Southern California at about 4:00 in the
afternoon
to these giant dogs aren't you guys in
but don't get get get get get get get
get yeah yeah yeah get get there and it
rain will fit him I'm on my church
clothes and rained really really like
heavy downpour drain and so this
backyard is like a mud hoop we're making
steaks on the grill today nothing better
than steaks on the grill you feel like a
man
burning some meat out on your own
property read how to work this thing
though so yeah I'm not so much of a man
cuz I forgot how to work the grill well
it can't be that hard right let's turn
this turn this me to match oh and
there's a like there's a lighting device
um oh hey I was going to tell you guys
if any of you are on the shayloss thing
with me if you guys are down I am
overweight I'm coming chubby from the
holidays so I'm gonna do a five-day
juice cleanse starting tomorrow
do I do that with me anybody wanna do
without me anybody gonna do with me
sundered not feeling it
well me for dinner a Jew what about hey
listen I'll make you juice every morning
before you go to school okay you down
for that do nothing like a juice to get
your day started huh
your dad's Mia juicing fool I made
juice while I was in Idaho and I gave it
to my dad and he was drinking the juice
he's like oh oh he was like given the
chills cuz he wasn't used to the beats
and the carrots and the apples and the
kale and the spinach but I am I'm
serious I am
clogged up we really went crazy eating
them for the you know Thanksgiving
holidays and everything so I have never
done this before I've actually been
really excited to try one I'm gonna go
five days Monday to Friday nothing but
juice nothing but juice so if you guys
want to do it with me join me on the
shayloss channel and I'm gonna start
tomorrow morning when I start juicing
I'm gonna weigh myself see how much I
lose in a week and I think it'll just
like clear me out of all that holiday
stuffing turducken no yams pecan pie and
pumpkin pie and apple pie and cherry pie
and cookies and coke that's the biggest
thing I had so much pop I usually don't
ever drink soda pop while I'm here in
California but in Idaho it's like flows
like the wines of Capistrano and I need
to give this guy back
huzi coeur got zeker and bronx you face
here they hung out with Cecily for a
week
dang it Rock Resnick in the background
what footbag Circle I think they call
that hacky sack back in my day they used
to call it hacky sack
oh there's different things like a sown
one with yarn it's called crochet or a
hacky sack this is called foot bad dude
you know like all the ins and outs of
the hacky sack world don't you
all right I don't know man much to say
to you today we just got back from
church the suitcases this morning was
like get ready for charge unpack the
bags where's my church pants
honey where's my tie and there's like
scattered stuff everywhere because we
just threw all of our luggage on the
floor we got to clean up um what bad you
got anything to say to the Shaytards you
guys are the shade Carla okay
we close the door first she's gonna say
something you guys hold on please don't
go anywhere
work before just stay right there what
special birthday this week why
goodness yeah housing a birthday what do
you offer your birthday dude okay I
don't well a pogo stick some
rollerblades and mesquite Burnaby focus
pogo stick some rollerblades and what
videogame a skateboarding video game do
you you're like an extreme radical dude
I'd buy you Tony Hawk what's up what
game do you have do you have a we have
an Xbox Kinect what do we have Xbox 360
nothing new I don't have the new one we
have an xbox 360 what is a good
appropriate for a ten-year-old
skateboard game is Tony Hawk's good I
remember I liked playing Tony Hawk's
dude I'll play Tony Hawk with you I'll
play that with you
pogo stick okay if I stick in some
rollerblades sonar it's gonna be 10 you
guys believe he's in oh he's dressed
good boy
he's dressed he's a two digit dude give
it up for two digit dude ancient do it I
do Sol I cannot believe that I have five
kids it's insane I was in church today
writing in my journal as I'm prone to do
I have this little like pocket journal
that I keep in my coat and I like write
down thoughts that I have as I'm sitting
there in church and I was writing today
about my five kids and how much I love
them and feel so blessed to have them
and I was like what at four I have five
kids
when did the five kids show up well just
recently I still feel like a young lad
hi I am you only as old as you make
yourself
Trudel babe it's hard do you love me
yeah duh trick question I knew that
already Thanks where's princess tard
she needs to make an appearance of
people like where was Princess hard or
she breads art art she yeah not enjoyed
you say
i trapped they give away a big lug Hey
hi I just tripped coming up to see you I
fell down
that's how much I love you what are you
doing upstairs at deleting ads are
pictures in my phone
what pictures are down there Carvey's he
was on Carly's phone and her old phones
do what pictures are you deleting what
if those are memorable pictures are
there inappropriate ones naked no that's
not bad it's okay for moms to take
pictures of their little kids I thought
there might be inappropriate pictures of
aunt Carly on there see any naked
pictures of Carly Stiles post those on
the internet right away ah Xing just
joking all right uh we're back home kids
are going back to school tomorrow you
guys have school tomorrow and then we're
gonna be here for 20 days they get out
of school on the 20th and we're headed
back to Idaho for Christmas
happy holidays um note if you guys want
to get a Shaytards calendar we are gonna
finalize them tomorrow so if you want a
2014 Shaytards calendar get you one now
because they could be sold out soon so
you better pull the trigger on that
decision
thanks for everybody's pre-ordering them
we are gonna sign the first thousand and
if we have time we'll try to sign more
but it's gonna be crazy because I'm not
sure exactly when we're gonna get them
blabbity blabbity blabbity i love yo
i'll see you tomorrow
love you guys thanks oh wait one last
thing I've been getting a ton of
questions in the comments asking about
Logan and his mission and if girls can
go on mission yes my cousin Shannon
actually went to South Korea North Korea
I should know which one that is
dang it uh look it so yummy you thirsty
there you go drink up drink up most
likely it was South Korea um anyways yes
cousins girls cousins what I want a
mission I think okay you go on a mission
when you're 19 they just can't change
the age boys can go in there 18 and
girls can go in there 19 what do you
wanna go on a mission nice America
and that New York go to New York all
right
I'll miss you I miss you so much that
sounds hard to not see you for two years
you'd be a great missionary though all
right yes you're be great at anything
you do in this life want to be a
scientist you want to be a airline pilot
I think so
you got a lot of figured out to do
anyways um I did leave a link in
yesterday's video there's this series
it's almost like the real world from
Mormon missionaries it's a pretty good
production and it's very realistic to
what you do on a mission me having
served it to your mission I watched this
series and I was like wow this is almost
exactly what it's like so I'll leave a
link below for the first episode I think
there's like ten episodes that's pretty
good if you guys want to go see what
missionaries do that's what Logan will
be doing for the next two years
and yes all kinds of people girls go on
missions uh elderly couples like once me
and Colette honestly one of our goals is
once the kids are old enough and they're
raised and they're out of the house me
and clutter gonna go on a mission
couples go on missions I can't wait me
and clutter gonna be like this cool
missionary couple you know I mean me and
sister Butler probably making out all
the time he'll say okay see you guys
tomorrow bye
