hi I'm logging here hi good morning I'm
ugly nice to meet you
it is waffle day here at Butler house
grandpa tart has whipped up some of his
famous waffles Logan
love you bro you lay down the house this
is the very last day I'll see you love
them for two years go lay on that's kind
of sad right that's sad me Mom
I'll put a hat on so I'm not as ugly the
last day the last day you'll see your
little brother for two years I don't
care about him I care about Colby go
he's like please get me out of here Koko
he was reverse Oreo
nasty so yeah Logan is leaving on
Wednesday and we were flying home back
to Los Angeles tomorrow and so this is
the last day what should we do there's
something fun mom dads are crying
yesterday during Thanksgiving dinner mom
you give up some tears for the vlog that
was sad I couldn't eat my turkey it was
stuck right here yeah I thought you were
just caught on your turkey but you're
doing your cry cop I should have known
mom has a classic cough when she cries
seven little boys leaving oh she's
crying I got a crying you got his great
I just keep my waffles now okay but let
me tell you a sad story
okay um during Vietnam a lot of moms had
to let their 18-year old sides go to war
like how that was sad you know you're
experiencing a lot ever came home yeah I
meant in a small small town called
Riverside Yotam this kid the Boren
family was in our ward and she had an
eight-year-old son who just graduated
from high school and she had to let him
go to Vietnam and he never came back huh
at least we don't have to worry about
that you guys in Argentina are going to
be nice to him right oh you are dad let
me see that you are my mom you do you
have that like small town like I
remember in my best friend my hair for
this it's just that now you look like in
their styling scissors it was stuff that
Sarah and Joe's wedding or that's a
Charles knows with unions when do we
look cute let me see that
Bailey that picture came this year like
years had just gotten married oh yeah
really
oh there's really that's 2006 no I feel
like you look younger now than you do in
this picture with that because of that
hairstyle like this that's right now you
look like a hairstylist from Tremont oh
the last bite dad you make me another
one
okay you guys who wants this delicious
warm syrupy waffle have a bye save them
Logan are you gonna miss us I'm gonna
miss all of you guys write us letters
can't wait lenders and talk about how
much you love your mom let's get her
crying again
Railly say goodbye to Logan hungry yeah
yeah I remember how tall she is two
years she's gonna be up to your chin I
bet you think yeah should be a couple
inches taller you're gonna miss your
uncle Logan yes gage what do you think
you need you'll miss him yes take back
that stupid comment oh thanks bro
brother's hunting brothers
sad yeah okay you guys I want you to
come give your uncle oh go to hug is the
last time you're gonna see him in two
years give him a good hug give him a
piece of advice and tell them why you
love him
these little girls are gonna be rock
stars when you come back be a lot taller
and bigger
ya can see you for two years love you
I'm pure Logan cherish this moment so
that will be on Instagram that'll be on
Facebook in 30 seconds yeah
32 seconds you're making it what do you
say have to go oh come give Logan a hug
goodbye Logan's going on a mission you
won't see him I want to get okay playing
hard to get I see how it is
Rock car come say goodbye to your uncle
yeah he'll be the most different when
you go jog he'll be running around like
that yeah
you won't even know KCK Lee's kids yeah
Bubba 10 years old
say bye Dex I want you talking and
walking by the time I get back talking
and walking that's his home we'll have
him on skis when you by the time you get
back that's it so much oh he just said
even ministry
Katia's beer I mean that one he did no
way that's cool I like that right let's
do that
come on Kimber's uncle I'm gonna hug
okay my bro che be a good missionary I
will remember what I told you the second
you feel homesick just work harder work
hard lucky bunny love you too shake Oh
kiss again nice price on the chickens
you already kissed me on the lips please
a game for me daddy has a cold sore rude
that's just something to take rider keys
to South America when I get herpes and
spread it to the people of South America
no just your enchanting companions yeah
no Joe all right give him a hug co-op
forgive monkey baby
you're ruining the moment bro tard you
know like as soon as he gets out of my
arms yourselves right seriously look at
these Punk now
see you later roben you sounds like a
nice man who are vacant oh this guy's
excited but I want him to have a fat pig
fight this is a troublemaker 300 pounds
this was excited that he has companies
like hey guys my name's Wilbur Robert I
have a spider friend right
good joke so we are here on the farm
checking out dairy farm at tells words
and things look out of there excited we
got company
usually have to stand out here all by
ourselves he's excited they after
Thanksgiving sale they're like let us
out we need to rush last Friday do who
they did I think I got some of my shoe -
well that's part of being on a farm
hey an apple you need to lose some
weight you Pig have some fruit thanks
for laughing at my jokes McCadden
appreciate it
keep you around everybody laughs at my
jokes is a friend of mine so what do you
think we're just heard you touch it oh
no what does it feel like don't let him
bite you did they feel like warts ha ha
ha good one bro I'm not your bro you're
my bro Oh suction
your cousin if you're snook ssin I know
uh I don't either
ok what ask your spaceman my space mom I
can't choose a space station I'm gonna
touch one I took gold boy that's a good
boy hey you know that that's what we're
baking comes from did you know that or
when every time you have ham or bacon
that's that animal you know that is know
what I know you still want to eat bacon
in him ok
not much death animal right here these
are the animals that make your bacon in
hand when you eat okay just heads up
little educational experience here on
the farm and you guys cheeseburgers
you're a steak you're a pot roast just
kidding you're all loving God's
creatures hey guys don't back up on the
friendly guy milk cheese really crock
tars is cold my foot look like almost
like biting it really be careful pigs
will eat almost anything that one that I
pay it just flicked mourn at me that's a
defense mechanism okay we're actually
going into the place we milk the cows
thousand pounds they get milk that you
drink and eat for breakfast Lana will
see it right now and we have to be
really quiet very delicate process
this sounds like cow milking music if
there was a cow milking song it's this
one
squirt squirt you're not doc you're not
getting jet down like I am dude no all
right
these cows just got milk they're looking
at us like what are you guys doing here
not you being here I just got done being
milk
they say that they like to be milked
because it relieves their udders like
their udders get Cola milk and it like
hurts and so they like to come in here
so it's like oh you know like nips like
a big P such a relief right so these
guys all got milk looking
all right you guys viewer discretion be
advised we're about to see the underside
of a mill cutter
any of you are eating cereal right now
this is where the milk came from always
had some Froot Loops with me
goes down this hose well what do you
guys think is this cool or weird oh it's
cool yeah there they go oh look look at
him they're coming look at him back up
they just light up look at that
dude I totally pictured that they would
have to like you know like rope these
cows and push him into spot they like
run in and back with themselves up to
the machine watch here comes these cows
in right now they come in get in line
and back up to the milking machine here
they come look at her she walks in turns
she's like I'm ready I'm ready for the
full service but it's crazy they just
come in backup okay I'm ready
milk me they're just all standing there
ready to be milked
that's insane I never thought cows are
smarter than you think you guys are you
got am I just thinking that's weird
that's cool they just back themselves up
in they just know well train my nails
yeah all right you guys I'm gonna milk
one all right just these no technology
she's good old farm he's gonna wipe it
off the wet rough
I thought those in that averse yeah I
don't justify buying stuff in high tide
here's a towel I clean it off first
get after it shake it after oh she's
like that's weird
okay she got so high oh I thought you
see that spirit I saw look i milk my
first cow
sorry no offense gonna try it gonna try
it okay got a grab on my kick to you
just grab on him pull not like it yeah
yeah she doesn't like it
look these girls up here this this bus
my boy you won't see that's a better one
yeah Jimmy joy right yeah yeah put these
grab and pull okay you're this okay
yeah
hey little one got it I got a little bit
look no all right now
that's milk right from the cows letter
what it tastes like
you guys drink it you drink your leche
no still in milk you're brave good job
milk our first cow good job all right
okay you stay here there's guys going to
put you to work
okay she's it you guys put her to work
yeah guys this is cool man quite the
experience okay
actually you've done this before do you
remember yeah these are just little
babies look at him I can suck it I use
my other hand but he's scared he's
scared you get the unis I could look at
him oh they're so cute
hey well mom was a big day said goodbye
to Logan and I drank some milk from the
utter of a cow that goes out it's
utterly fantastic oh good one more good
one Logan went to Utah tonight because
he's going skiing tomorrow for
snowboarding sorry
he's going snowboarding tomorrow for the
last time before he goes on his mission
so he laughed and then of course we're
flying to Los Angeles tomorrow so we
won't see him so he said goodbye to
Logan today and then we went to very far
was that cool and if he hurts himself or
break something right when he breaks a
leg or something I seriously I would be
I would send him to the MTC anyway yeah
you gotta go I'll take care of you the
MTC is the Missionary Training Center so
he has to go to the MTC in Provo for six
weeks learn how to speak Spanish and
then they sent him to Argentina did you
like seeing those cows today Yeah right
cool it was crazy the cows were just
like back up to the milking know exactly
what they come walking in it was crazy
they have these little ankle bracelets
that scam them as they walk in and the
mission the computer knows what cow it
is how much milk it's given how far it's
walked
that day technology on 4th that's way
different than when I had to wash
milkers for my uncle yeah but those cows
know it start about 5 o'clock they start
mooing Moo cuz they're like a mother who
hasn't nursing they're there our bag is
full there's I want to be relieved and
that you can just go in get in the stall
know what they have to do about five
o'clock every day Colette starts mooing
for milkers get real big tight eyes like
hey you are a weirdo but I can I tell
you I'm so glad you're not a dairy
farmer why you don't like that smell
yeah it's pretty gross yeah by the way
you guys take your shoes off we were
walking all through there I'm taking my
shoes off okay hey guess what I love you
you're my funny bunny wristbands are
their wristbands did you make wristbands
for the cows no no what do you mean
they had one each cow had one thing
around its ankle princess hard milk the
cow - that's awesome
she was great one tell us one more cool
thing just one more cake that's all we
have time for Shay
Logan's speedometer doesn't work in his
car so he found an app on his phone that
could tell him how fast he was going
before GPS can do anything there's an
app for that
okay we're going to Los Angeles back
home tomorrow what do you guys think we
moved back to Idaho
there's a lot of yeses would you be
happy if we move back to Idaho mom yes
yes okay I'm on comments below what do
you think let's ask Rock party yeah if
we move back you're gonna be the taxi
for all these kids hey what are you
doing what are you doing you gotta have
that binky give me that hey you want to
go back to Idaho or stay in California
oh you want to stay in Idaho you like
Idaho gee dad what does that man on your
shirt that is disgusting he's my son
she'll go back to Idaho
guys are annoying
no one no you're being uploaded happy
birthday dear grunts and tired though
happy birthday to Lu
when's your birthday numbers third
what's not yeah yeah that's huh what did
you say
December 3rd I've been used to say in
December 4th because that's when Logan's
going on is mission but yeah your
birthday is December 3rd how old are you
how old are you 9 9 okay you know there
he's been saying I'm nine in 3/4 like
dude you're just 9 quit saying 9 and 3/4
but it turns 10 in four days so grandma
and grandpa have a present for him it
better be good or we'll take it back cuz
we don't like crappy presents founder
lots of books somebody's happy that's it
you're getting a big hug gently used
grab I bought it for grandpa and he used
it for like 30 minutes so happy I can't
figure out why your birthday yeah
iPod Touch Wow still the wrong
case for this here they open it but look
just look at this
oh the plugger is green use evergreen my
hair already got some a handful slips of
music with your green bloggers oh we see
that it should work buddy
get on your no I don't know how to work
any of this crap I don't know what any
of this does what does this clue my am i
doing it right is that right alright now
okay I don't know how you drink you're
on my tunes and get a couple game teen
Clint on the way home okay and look
there's some books I got at our Book
Fair well don't care about books anymore
you got him an iPod are you mad that
your dad grandpa owned it
no I'm serious or maybe thirty minute on
me
you're a regifter mom will want re
gifting gifts in this house champion
redo I bet you there's some dirty rock
and roll music online I know that Nutter
where you got last month we if society
like that yeah if your dad can downhill
cap Givens iTunes and download a couple
games what do you think it's a gram yeah
there you go you get Instagram account
that's the wrong case whose Instagram is
that can I try it on I tried what up you
want to get an Instagram dude yes we a
dozen extra margins
cuz we left our get an Instagram babe
this unless you get him a plan all he
can do on here we could use the wireless
at our house we get yeah do you want to
get an Instagram what would you take
pictures of cool stuff like you oh yeah
I take sweet picture oh it doesn't
I never mind Kevin Instagram you can
look at other peoples but you probably
we don't want them to do that cuz
there's half naked girls on that website
what a day hey how about a thumbs up for
a 20 minute vlog huh come on click on
the button click what getting a little
weird okay simmer down suck suck suck
simmer down now click on yesterday's
vlog click on that feeling lucky button
and if you want to see what the trade
herbs are over 1 2 3 4 hey you got a new
end slate yesterday but it wasn't the
right aspect ratio or whatever
so shear tarts gonna send me a new one
but we're on the highway
right now and I can't download it
because I don't have wireless or
internet or any of that stuff so we're
headed to the airport right now listen
Logan we love you buddy
good luck we'll see you in two years I
told him I'd have a ton of hot chicks
lined up for him when I got back we
gotta find him a wife any you ladies out
there wanna marry my brother
we better be a virtuous righteous young
lady when he comes back in two years
then I'll marry a wedge yeah a wedge and
make babies with you and I'll be your
brother-in-law you want me to be your
brother oh yeah I'm a good
brother-in-law
this skin weird all right we're getting
on a plane and headed back to California
California no hot party California knows
help Alex you tomorrow
