we're doing a turkey flip there's quite
a conjecture of who is doing it the
right way you got is this the right leg
you picked up stupid oops made a turkey
flip going on stupid
scoop it dad scuse me flick dip it Oh
bad that easy
dad you did it good job dad look at me
dad dad
okay so they do it right I'm not much of
a turk I've cooked two turkeys my life
and I smoke them both okay you ready go
now go to the grocery store grocery
store run okay so we're getting some
souvenirs for Thanksgiving ingredients
what it's pop it's a lot of pop that we
don't need and it's bad for us okay
thanks for asking
well here's the problem rock hard that's
why I turned the camera on okay how are
we gonna get it it's stuck in this giant
face of root beer Mountain and they
don't have any that you can just grab
except diet a and W how do we get the
root beer when it's stuck in that giant
faced mountain I didn't realize that
those are like pilgrims Oh creative oh
boy that's neat oh okay we have to go
look in a different aisle and see if
they have some kay I want to give you a
kiss because I love you I want to get
some apples Casey wants to put some
apples in the turkey to make it moist we
got to get some apples what do you find
and cut you can test these my mom used
to buy these
who said you could wear my coat you so
you got wear my coat asked oh well free
samples don't mind if I do
yeah that's delicious you have a giant
cold sore we're looking at it I have
herpes Chris best blending it for a
Christmas don't you leave your shirt on
Batman can't save the world if you have
a shirt off all right so we are breaking
the number-one rule there is two grocery
shopping the number one major rule that
consumers say never to do and go grocery
shopping and that's to go grocery
shopping a hungry and we are starving
we're so hungry had to open this bag of
Cheetos so we haven't even eaten
breakfast we're like I know we're buying
all the stuff for Thanksgiving dinner so
that doesn't help any and then collects
just like we need sausage let's get some
sausage I never eat sausage that's what
happens when you go to the grocery store
hungry it's like let's get some sausage
I'm like why won't you like what would I
do the sausage just like everything like
I'm on that and I started throwing it I
don't care get it get it get it exactly
that way that we have done that you have
been a naughty girl you know all right I
don't know why but for some reason not
this one uh-huh you mean the reverse
camera
you want what you have the mirror camera
that's the back up camera it only turns
on if I'm going in Reverse brought car
just said dad turn on the camera all
right you want a vlog we'll do a vlog
about and I turn this cameras like no
the Riv the mirror camera this rental
Yukon that we have has a reverse camera
when you go into reverse and he wants to
see it I can't turn it on less we're
going in Reverse alternate understand
I'm trying to explain to you that I
can't turn it on unless we're in Reverse
he doesn't care guys I gotta go we have
to go in Reverse now today is another
photo shoot Jeepers Creepers out of the
last six days we've done for photo
shoots this one is with the entire
Butler family which I think may be the
first time we've had a full family photo
shoot because Logan's leaving on his
mission we figured it'd be good to get
all of us in some pictures so we got the
whole clan down here today
here they are all the kids and cans and
cuttings and crazies and Logan's and
Carly's and baby tarts
oh they're here let's see little flash
in a little butter no put makeup on my
daughters that's true that's what I
always say every girl look at that Sun
flare last gorgeous a second hairstyle
Yucatec I've found is this
yours I was gonna wear it today ready
hit Brad head show up to the photo shoot
their regular work enough he was on my
ass on my clothes pilot she's still mine
oh my god like I'm like definitely
hummingbird look at that look at all
this posterity mom and dad handsome has
destroyed you look fabulous
oh we've been here for five minutes and
the kids already getting muddy get out
of the goalie you little brats
Roger no no no no come up here dude okay
you can't go down there we gotta get our
picture taken no get up here he's gonna
eat it let him do it let him do it
he wants to pick up that stick want to
get a stick you're a good sister
princess toy get it get it get it you
got it there you go he has to have his
wand Hurley I didn't get the memo about
the
tight pants well I tease that I had to
look extra special artists I don't hover
you don't have oh my parents don't you
all you just kicked me in the man's butt
okay that was a man smile yeah oh hey
handsome hold on open your mouth a
little say Santa Santa say concise
qunari oh look we're really serious and
look at it on Vacarro look at our Gary
not scary game scenario like you're
contemplating the cosmos think about
okay put your hands on your head
okay do the hokey-pokey everybody say
Yahtzee all right
now we're down in the gully looking for
some vomit stand in the gully
what are you guys doing what'd you find
in there a secret passageway into Narnia
I want to go into Narnia hey there's an
audience tur behind me oh boy
whoa don't stab me bro you guys we have
some Narnia monsters in the wild look
here comes one now
well it's a little baby Narnia and
monster what is she gonna do
Oh No get her get the monster don't stab
her in the eye with a stick huh
hi Merry Christmas from the Shaytards
and children listen to hear sleigh bells
in the snow the snow hey so I'm waiting
for mommy tart she went to grab some
pies at front no where we at Perkins
we have to get some pies I thought was
our job we had to bring the pies we have
to bring the pies for Thanksgiving
tomorrow so we're picking up some pies
here just rock it up some Christmas Day
old days right anyways hey I was just
reading on Twitter and there was some of
somebody who wanted me to give them a
shout-out in the vlogs uh hey can you
shut all right now hey how's it going
yeah hey can't get this part I'll you
dance to this song dance woman a little
sexier than I was thinking it was gonna
be me the right B Christmas music really
gets vomit are going let's go I wish it
was Christmas every year wait it is
every year they have Christmas every
single year we do have now in our
possession a pumpkin cream pie a cherry
pie a French silk pie and a banana cream
pie mmm
hold on going on oh yes dude Logan just
named magic oh wow that's full it's
exactly to the top because it's the same
exact shape that is awesome oh is that
exactly - see ya no way dude pour that
entire can into that glass uh-huh look
it's like a mirror on top Pepsi for not
having any airspace oh cool yeah this
all got a brand deal I saw that all
night funny we will be doing a brand el
Pepsi soo but this isn't one that's
pretty cool school yeah hey mom
way to buy the cool glasses but it's a
coke glass and a Pepsi oh is it oh yeah
coca-cola gloss it is hey we're going to
a movie who's excited to go to the movie
mister get out of the road you jerk get
out of the road open the door I'm gonna
punch you
just kidding it's Logan inform us what
are we about to do where are we what's
going down right now
Raptor movie theater we're going to look
at the people in the eyeballs wrap the
movie many little dimples are you
excited good thing you wore your coat
because you're gonna be frozen let a
pickle at the movie theater whoa
giant pickles Oh pickle on the ground I
don't know if the 10-second rule applies
to pickles on the ground dude
Carly your son just dropped his pickle
on the ground no big deal he's gonna get
her tingle bus really random I've never
seen a witness II was it
hundreds no sugar so you got a pickle I
like bunnies dude you're not even 4:00
yet you can't start asking for money how
much do you need any like 1,500 bucks
 what's going on over here
is this the pre movie party I have them
they're in my pocket don't worry I'm not
gonna give them to you till we're in the
movie where'd you get those you little
stinker face you're gonna lose them you
should just let me hold him until it's
time he's super excited to see the movie
this is first movie oh no he was at a
shooting once in LA I remember this is a
complete movie hopefully there won't be
a shooting this time somebody's excited
they got some cotton candy what do you
say hey come here
what did you okay you go with the kids
right over there with the kids
we're getting in line to go see the
movie frozen I bought him that cotton
candy and he goes oh thank you Dad these
people all looked at me I'm like he's
such a well-behaved lad Oh dad I'm a
good dad hon dad you're a very good dad
dad I'm a good dad heard that your kids
love you that's all that matters
I buy their love with candy is this the
line for frozen you guys ready to see
the movie gotcha pickle that's been on
the ground at least three times got your
cotton candy oh the little kids are not
born in the face this life or frozen
ma'am yes and you like my socks Casey
said I shouldn't community like this mom
do you have socks with slippers socks
and sandals that's a new song I'm sure
there's some socks with sandals songs
out there yeah there is I like it
Bassmaster may have made a video like
that are you on Twitter
I'm just looking at my Snoop Dogg's
posted things and it's always
drug-related maybe I should not he
tweeted me once remember that
you're so hot Snoop Dogg tweeted me once
and I sat for like 30 minutes trying to
think of what I should reply to him and
I think what I said as I said Thank You
mr. dog that was my reply I think I
can't remember I gotta go back and look
remember work Snoop Dogg tweeted me when
he did he's new dogs
Snoop Dogg tweeted me Homa said new
Snoop Dogg to me two bucks ooh got me
but you're asking me when he did I was
trying to remember what I replied to him
cuz i sat there for 30 minutes trying to
think of a funny reply I'm like Snoop
Dogg what do you reply to Snoop Dogg but
I'm sure it was really awesome I bet
you're right you're a genius
it's awfully awesome for the movie all
right we just saw frozen would you guys
think pizza starred you liked it I'm on
the world ice girl
ya know it's kinda like the bad Kalama
they've been doing chef Janette don't
ruin it thought she might if she was she
was the one that caused all the problems
I like her she's pretty
I think the snowman was hilarious rocked
art was your favorite part
Hey rocked art what was your favorite
part of the movie did you like the movie
rocked our joint a movie review did you
like it
get him whatever he wants oh did you
like the movie review I mean the movie
let me see your skin what they want and
they're happy well brat you're a spoiled
brat you're my snow princess I thank you
thank you so man that's all I want yes I
know it's good frozen is good it might
be one of my favorite movies like Disney
movies there was some times where I'm
like another song but then the snow man
comes in and he just makes you laugh and
you just
of it this breaks you don't break it
what as a turkey Oh that'll be a bird
are you brighten it brining it what does
that mean exactly
because write down the fiber so it's a
lot more moist Nasser driving with okay
go I like moist turkeys that's a big old
bird think about that thing turkey
lurking around the farm one day not so
much anymore
turkey learn okay you guys are going to
Brian M son are you ready this turkey
Lurkey tomorrow how the dark meat fan
myself all right I got to get the
giblets and stuff out we're gonna put it
right here
you want this yeah that's weird
something it's an esophagus isn't that
way that it is is not worried Brendan
yeah it's his neck that they dropped off
you hungry for Thanksgiving
not really boom new endslate thanks to
sheer tart for making this course we
love it hallo hope you guys all have a
happy happy happy Thanksgiving we did if
you haven't seen yesterday's vlog click
on that yesterday's vlog button with our
faces from last year's calendar speaking
of which the 2014 shade hard calendars
are almost done with the pre-orders so
if you guys want to get one of those you
better get on rody arcade and get
yourself one click on that feeling lucky
button for special surprises you wanna
see if the Shaytards will do it one two
three and four years ago together to
react to that yeah wait what do I say
again do you remember to 5 7 9 why no
99er we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
