real life yeah and then just like a real
life like a real life reality show
they're gonna have a reality show called
go ahead we're gonna look at each other
and all that's mom's whistle it's time
to eat
welcome to thanks giving it the
Shaytards
look at those golden buttery rolls
everybody then some gold or a mountain
butter it must've I don't know we got
stuffing we got your Duncan's we got
stuffed mushrooms we got a pile of
Turkey
we got vegetables we got hot chicks
we got towers of root beer what climbed
out bring down a little bit bring down
up Jersey
we got moms and grandmas we got hot
ladies we got Casey's with Mohawks and
bears we got Logan's carving turn our
Loomis turkey get conjure cue to that be
sort of a bird yeah bring it down down
one more notch okay we got cool ladies
and gentlemen delicious or burn the lens
I burn the land we got turkey what is
this this is gravy
yep I learned how to say that where's
the wishbone locals right there dude oh
you guys we're going to wish for
Logan make a wish it's too it's too
steamy and I'll just been won't bring
are you sure I bet you we could break it
let's try let's try ruining your root
Thanksgiving it because I promise it's
fit for the one take a ready make a wish
yeah honey 1 1 2 3 oh it's too slippery
you're pulling out of my head I told you
it's not gonna work already 1/2 thick
yeah okay wait wait for it enjoy we'll
do a look through the wishbone later
okay let's go get all this Nino's out
here come on time for Thanksgiving
children who's ready to eat
who's ready to eat get it here it's done
Ethan talk to you guys I've been jumping
on the trampoline for the last three
hours come on you guys the turkeys gonna
run away it's gonna get its legs just
run on out of here
get up here hi mommy look at those eyes
my goodness those are gorgeous eyes look
he's tasting that Turkey yeah that's
good huh
that's wishbone grease you like wishbone
grease all right happy Thanksgiving to
you guys I decided just to do it one
take today because I'm gonna spend time
with my family and I wanna just hang out
and eat and sleep and nap and fart wait
my cells princess talk get up here right
now okay you're not hiking up being in
our Thanksgiving then I'm gonna lock the
door you don't get any turkey run see
how fashion get up here and be thinking
of one thing that you're grateful for on
the way up the stairs tell me right now
what are you grateful for I'll see you
at the table most se okay we're doing
the traditional everybody has to go
around the table and say one thing
they're grateful for okay
let's pray where you going buddy you
ready to have some Thanksgiving yeah
hungry okay gage is right here gage
what's your favorite part of turkey
dinner chicky well we don't have any
chicken Oh beer Mountain comes tumbling
down I'm a dark meat fan myself Logan
who gets the big want to sunrise
that looks delicious okay we're gonna
pray we're gonna eat we're gonna be
thankful for all that we have butter in
those rolls or those marshmallows like
us we can go
can you want to give me a sneak preview
of what you're thankful for to be
hearing that per family call there
oh sweet there's turkey grease on my
hand right here oh no sucking thumb on
this turkey day yeah laughter you guys
ready
oh this is great okay dad who's saying
the prayer curly go co-op just chill
Carly's a pony I would like to have our
missionary who's leaving
dad I'm not leaving for another two
years say the busting on the food today
last third last turkey day I'll say it
are we gonna vlog it yeah of course
we're gonna vlog like the pray for all
the Shh our nation its topic say a lot
prayer are you really filming it yeah I
got to do that course oh don't nothing
God please in the Internet Thank You
Kylie subscribe to the Shh are just yeah
where she does Caleb Craig all right
generally father we are thankful for
everything that we have we are thankful
for this day we think over living in
this free country having endless
opportunity to do whatever we want
whatever extent we want we're thankful
for our troops or everything they do for
us to give us this country to serve in I
think for this food who's about to
charge anything good please bless our
food lost our loved ones right now but
even though they're not with us they can
be having a good day too and that no
harm accent kind of anything I think for
everything that we have seriously
dangerous pricing there Ben did you say
men did you fold your arms and close
your eyes you better have okay it was
dishing up yeah yeah oh let's go see the
room really I love you hey beautiful
Oh kids table listen few more years move
up to the adults save okay you decided
ahead of the table okay Rock turn you
can't bring your iPad to the turkey
table that's number one rule no
technology allowed they didn't have text
iPods in the frickin when the
Thanksgiving started yeah they didn't
they didn't have iPads the first
Thanksgiving you can't have them here in
2013 that's my rule alright baby card I
just want you to know how much I love
you I think you're a precious little
girl and I'm very thankful for you in my
life okay
she's like whatever Halloween oh you're
hungry
okay don't spill your juice okay can you
be very careful be very careful here's
the grown-ups table everybody has some
Hawaiian Punch some delicious plates
it's very nice this is gonna be torn
apart here in moments huh booth is there
a Thanksgiving song I was gonna try a
thing that seen a Thanksgiving song oh
there's the cranberry
there's a cranberry oh let's get some of
that some cranberry
I thought liked cranberry more over the
years I never liked cranberry sauce but
now I like to mix it with my turkey
gives me a little sweetness with the
salty turkey I said I haven't liked
cranberry sauce over the years what I've
changed I'll be happy it's a happy day
happy Thanksgiving Day it is it sir back
in the food fiesta
we don't have ham this year usually we
have ham yeah we just it turns only just
a turkey I got I turn this camera off
and get some of this dark meat regarding
me man
what are you dark meat or whatever white
meat who turned out the football game
that's an American turn the Cowboys back
on you can't eat turkey unless you're
watching the Cowboys play the Raiders
are you rooting for
got a room from the Cowboys I have very
fond memories of watching football and I
always love that every third every like
Thanksgiving the football players get
like the giant wings to bite I remember
as a kid watching Emmitt Smith you know
bite a big turkey leg I'm turning the
football game back on oh wait I'm
contradicting myself right they didn't
have football games the first
Thanksgiving maybe they did you never
know Pocahontas and the guys they might
have played a little football sticky all
right before my life I'm in a
frightening oh dude it's like candy yams
with the mashed potatoes and it's a
marshmallow all dandy soup yeah I want
some candy with my name ready like it 50
yeah daddy that's your favorite thing
Kaylie yeah yeah yeah
yeah I don't know I was always like
weirded out and I never liked stuffing
and one time when I was in high school
that lectured me it will be I never
succeed in life I see my stuffing you
got so mad because I want to eat it
stable eat it further you know how she
taught you're stopping your possible we
get any students out what is that 4-wire
liar as Jim Carrey letter letter
lunching and that is bad
Casey Kayla wants to redo of the turkey
WI did Oh
dancin stuff your stuff now and I would
like to guess your best turkey what
gobble mommy tractors woke up from her
nap I'm 1/8 just like get the camera out
of my face
whoa under cam stuffing cam that is mad
you guys are underneath the mashed
potatoes you're underneath the stuffed
mushrooms
that's a cool angle you're underneath
the ranch wait where's the ranch there's
the ranch I love you babe all right I
need to know what everybody is thankful
for you guys everybody tell me one thing
you're grateful for
go I'm grateful for this family and for
this delicious food and the people were
made for us live for you guys that's
sweet what are you grateful for ku I'm
thankful for my life that's a good thing
to be thankful for Gager
I think you're gonna tell me Oh which
family member do you love the most
mom I don't blame you mom's usually when
Trotter what do you think before oh I
want a robot ain't you yeah maybe you
should swallow some of those mashed
potatoes first you want to get a scooter
in a robot he's already making what do
you thankful for acting fool for my dad
making me daring and for cherish lifts
some horse shout-out to Taylor Swift
ours what are you grateful for mmm
okay we're out the world that's a good
thing to be grateful for huh natural
resources what are you grateful for all
you said one thing I'm thankful for
everyone who couldn't make it and
everyone from share I'm Logan Logan II
up and there's our pie everyone we're
ready to eat our pie we got pumpkin
pecan apple cherry all kinds all right
what do you thankful for mom I'm
thankful for all of you guys really not
in here's nothing case you know you're
gonna kick me out were thankful for
brother and I am thankful for everything
in life
I'm thankful for life in general and
salt and pepper pepper that my spot was
a cover you said there can you sit there
what no Carly Brock tard has had
Hawaiian Punch mashed potatoes and now
there's a change substance in move up
ROS dad what do you think before I'm
thankful to be with all my family today
my good this is a good day Kaylee last
but not least I'm thinking family I'm
also thankful for prayer and you're
thankful for a new baby than you gonna
be that's a good thing to be thankful
for prayer I want to do it under the
plate food camera on YouTube well it's
kind of cool so much going on right here
alright happy Thanksgiving everybody we
hope you have a great day we wish you a
Happy Thanksgiving last night I was
thinking because you know how you kind
of do like today is like a mass text day
where you text a bunch of people Happy
Thanksgiving
one thing that I'm gonna do and I
haven't done yet because I wanted to
talk to you guys about it first I want
everybody to send at least one text of
somebody that you're not with and
wishing them not just a happy
Thanksgiving because it's like yeah
you're going to say hey Happy
Thanksgiving but I want you to say one
specific thing that you are grateful for
somebody that they did something for you
try to think outside the box I mean like
think of something that is specific that
if you text a person that specific thing
that you're grateful for that they may
have done for you or that you know an
experience you had with that person one
specific thing that that person when
they get that text I'll be like wow they
really put some thought into that that's
my challenge to you today happy
Thanksgiving from the Shaytards we love
you guys we are so grateful and
gratitude is one of the best attributes
there is so we thank you and we love you
guys happy Thanksgiving us you guys
tomorrow bye
