two down you got it all you got a ma
this is the local skating arena arena
skating rink they've had this sign for
the last 20 years classic sign do you
have like a skating rink or like a
bowling alley in your town that's just
like been this landmark in your town for
the entire time you've ever lived there
coming here as a kid after school of so
many memories first time I ever held
talia Yost's hand you know I was like
they put boys on one side and girls on
the other side and they had like the
slow skate and like boys had to go pick
a girl you know what's funny it sound
hard was just telling me is like I
remember coming here after school that I
okay oh and Carly comes to the rescue
oh he fell down
hiya Carly hey I left a special dance
for you when you were talking to the
camera oh you dance behind you do you
have memories of coming here after
school I told a leash and I'm afraid
it's gonna stick I said oh it smells
like feet and grape juice just to be
specific and not so cheesy
it smells like money to me in here play
basketball instead we're at Franklin I
don't care I don't care what you do well
the kids all freaked out we want to go
skating you promised me I promised them
yesterday that would come skating
apparently there's like three giant bus
full of kids here might be too crowded
alright time to strap up you ready
Logan I've never used these kind of
Logan made a major mistake the most
skating rink I wore this short URL socks
dude gotta wear those knee-highs no no
man I didn't know shaycarl argyle socks
oh wait what's that pull my pants up
Carly she would trap for you oh well
sing a bro you know this song son are
you ready to rock this KC we're
definitely racing did I we'll look you I
got the precision skates alright but are
you ready for this
oh yeah I don't know they work with
these things aren't do I need to change
a tire Lucy just tie them yeah buddy you
ready to ride all right the areas guy
having the best time
hey there's Sun tar tearing it up on the
rink I already ate it once big time come
on let's go help you here we go ready
here we go
this is rock tarts first time learning
how to skate look at a routine variation
Oh collision all right let's go see
Carly and Cooper hey guys
excuse me sir I have a question for you
excuse me sir I have a question can you
help me what does the Fox say
exactly that's what I'm talking about
right I'm out of there
hey it's baby chart you're going the
wrong way you having fun yeah hey what
does the Fox say
it's a Cooper cam it's Cooper cam Oh
this is a good workout I learned in my
app the Maypole good skating I'm just oh
yeah gage where'd you get that thing oh
he's one of those though okay then now
for some style skating with Casey
Lemaire
all right now baby cards in business
she's got a skate assist nice doing it
what speaker Craig that you can't come
out here in sky equilibrium I charge a
Milwaukee I think you should breastfeed
and skate I think that would be highly
dangerous but that's a lot more
entertaining who wants to see
breastfeeding on ice me
alright now we got the butt slap cam
everybody else around slaps butt here's
the first but we're gonna slap it uh-oh
it looks right now I'm just trying to
fall Carly come on that you're more
coordinated to that boy why do you
wouldn't want to like no dude I just sex
it Jamie that I was here that's a mercy
he said sweaty palms Oh
the time for some dodgeball Marty
McFly's gonna play some dodgeball let's
do this ain't got me dust up diamond dip
here we go in the eye of a tiger ma'am
no pregnant women are allowed on the
skating floor key to my dodgeball when
you're smuggling balls hey get a ball go
up and tag your brother got the tag
Logan in the head
Sarge thank you yeah as hard as you can
Charlie ha ha grandma's hair party was
using net hang time for basketball real
bad members we had that on camera so
funny
can you get them to gate I think mom
needs a ball time the grandmas heart
gets the game with dodgeball Oh
block it drive a quarter yes did you
know the screen is cracked well all the
kids were ganging up on Logan's since he
had kids a Red Hat hit him you let all
the fifth graders dump your dominating
really outer craters and now for the
cutest thing I've ever seen you got a
buddy you got it keep going Bush side to
side you do it that bond kinda here let
me help you okay ready
i'ma pull hold on tight hold on tight
got it good job you're doing awesome
watch out with my dodgeball you're doing
good dude I'm protecting Logan to the
base basically just for today here goes
I missed him
just along for the ride
I'm not
yeah
fast Casey you're good shiny hit and
grandma Oh digging
oh right the boys have fun like glittery
hard drop oh look at that maneuver there
here we go bat hold on tight
what do you do and you hold the baby
hold the baby he's been happy about
every get you answer tickets
nice what are you by dude you gave the
system the job yeah yeah yeah
that's that's a sexist chauvinistic kid
and that's skating with the Shaytards
all right we're trying to get rocked
hard to leave but he doesn't want to
leave his best friends come on dude we
got to go how come let's go dude you
hang out with your buddies
in economy I remember something I love
it I didn't say candy or anything come
on we gotta go see grandpa Vince and
grandma Peggy look it don't choke him
dude come on let's go come on oh my god
yeah I know I know I know what you're
thinking you're like shade have been a
professional roller skater I know I got
sponsored I went to a few of like
national events but you know I just
wasn't for me I didn't have the passion
I just really wanted to be a vlogger
when I grew up thanks for watching our
crazy skate video I hope you liked it
please clubs it up check out yesterday's
vlog and click all that fit little lucky
button this is Shay Carl I had a dream
that I was a DJ again last night coming
up next we got Justin Bieber we're
having a blast here in Idaho we
appreciate you guys watching our vlogs
if you want to see what the Shaytards
are doing one two three and four years
ago today click on those corresponding
blue numbers right there in the middle
just go ahead click on them click click
click on them and if you don't have a
computer you're on a mobile device find
those linked in the description box we
love you guys we are having a blast
happy Thanksgiving to all y'all and we
will see you tomorrow
