all right we're preparing to film the
podcast and we have a special guest on
today yeah Jen America is here today
you're in the matter
Ricola he loves you ready for this you
want to get the podcast with us we have
phones and talk in the microphone and
will you like do it without combing your
hair good okay cat vice and world and
topics on turn events do you want him
alive
you haven't left for betting okay say hi
everybody
hey it's me Captain America it's again
hey we're live
hello hey who's wearing boots and
pajamas oh you are told there sir I
could just dress like a two-year-old
you're doing answers what are you
complaining about your cowboy games no
there's a tiny little cowboy toy that
both Brock and Excel will fight over
every time we find it you know
yeah so you didn't get it this time
dang it but you got the boots that's
cool that's not good enough man how are
we gonna deal with this disappointment
Daxton why don't you go play with one of
your other toys you got like a million
other toys huh want a cowboy oh man well
can you still be happy even though
you're frustrated about not having the
cowboy to play with no why not just
decide to be happy man you're hanging
out with your mom ah and I'm cool dude I
have like almost a million Instagram
followers
we don't care you want a cowboy huh dang
it hey maybe you're the cowboy I'm a
cowboy riding through the town I'm a
cowboy kicking up some dirt I'm a cowboy
Spurs jangling around town I'm a cowboy
giddy up buckaroo ski buckaroo Ski I'm a
cowboy
Jackson that's a fun song see we can
choose to be happy King and those are
cowboy boots
I'm a cowboy okay I gotta take a shower
are we sometimes like this young lad
here refusing to be happy because we
didn't get that one silly thing that we
thought that we should get or that we
think that we deserve it or something
bad happens so that just must mean that
I just I gotta be in a bad mood
we all do it what are you trying to do
tell mom you know trade him that you
want to ask him does he like that what
is that a spaceship star war
let me see flip it around is that the
star command central station
vx 12 I don't know I'm not about that's
yeah right that's what I weigh it
doesn't turn on does it fly yeah Dax not
not that well
oh dang it watch gravity every time
Brock Jackson has a trade proposal for
you
will you hear our terms and conditions
Jackson has a question for you he would
say Campbell hey you want to trade would
you consider a trade I mean you would go
oh dang it
let's see the cowboy what is this
infamous cowboy who is this oh he can
keep that if he wants to well that's
nice don't the cowboy - this is what you
guys are fighting over is it a cowgirl
yep like we need to come see you guys
like cowboys there's a cowgirl this a
boy or a girl
good girl but we would divide - boy he
is a boy yeah all right you
paper-rock-scissors happy watts you guys
this paper rock scissors hey do you how
to do paper rock scissors Jackson good
what no that's make a fist
baby watch this that's right we have to
decide so
so people paper rock scissors scissors
you can go to paper rock sicker scissors
not cigarettes no cigarettes
Ready Set 2 1 scissors first paper best
of it
dancing is in his moosh walks ox
thanks for the older case dude sometimes
you lose the paper rock scissors we got
a two year old red alarm alert in here
mom you're not a Whore you're never off
the clock what do you mean yes just
talking to the mom to you haha which
means we need a bonus round help hey
don't don't flaunt it you can't flaunt
your victory
nobody likes a prideful winner just go
let them play with it be a good big
brother don't say okay but you gotta be
your cowboy riding through the tail with
the Spurs jangling their ochem I really
gonna I'm gonna shower top serrations
there's no footage on this camera from
the moms you shoot guys go watch the mom
- I just got done shooting we nail oh
that's chipping I'm chewing him off
because it's like they're not very
pretty buddy know what we're going to
the grocery store and guess who's coming
that's right Lia and Colleen they got to
come with us cuz we have some things
you too we have to show off their new
nails that's exactly it
I know chanting yo hey I like your
hairdo did a bit of your hair today a
foot looks very cool hey do you want to
tell me what you did at school today
yeah what did you do you know tell him
did you do something special yeah I
paint Troy yes but what else did you do
I I pay you painted you did one other
really special thing where was it
remember you got a skittle I guess skim
why did you get a skittle just say one
cuz you want to you remember what you
did to get the skittle I peepee in the
pod yes you keep it in the potty here
that's very good yeah bye just Hickey
well we were getting to be a big boy I'm
so proud
high-five yeah yeah yeah yeah all right
what we traded in the American Girl
dolls for a little other doll with a
cute hey come back
this is the kind you have to chase
through the store but you know what all
right look she gave us flowers show them
your flowers you guys I love how yours
matches your shirt you guys came along
nice smell it matches my shirt mm-hmm I
love it you got one get me Mom
hey guys all right now we're hanging out
we're out another cross-country meet
okay if I sit back down after touch back
oh I missed it yes I do
um maybe I hasn't run yet but she's
preparing to run
I think seventh graders with white right
now Miss monkey girl over here very good
nice ah don't make me nervous
look Dyson's like me I want to do it
are you going to climb too man
just coming in good job ABI you're
killing it you're almost there let's go
you didn't how do you feel the take you
totally killed it you're amazing
high five
this is what you get at the finish line
a nice big brother to pester yeah okay
so me is over a B it did a good job
hitting her backpack right now um
two-year-old drama gotta go what are
they eating lunch 1:00 all right so we
all know Halloween is coming up and it
looks like the costumes are going fast
already so if we want a certain one we
got to pick it now which one do you want
you both want to be Captain America yeah
for sure
yes child is so dirty you promised yes
easily not so dirty I'm not catching all
right Captain America you sure this is
the one you want
that's the one you want broke so happy
all right let's see if there's another
one oh my goodness there is like a
little good you want to be Captain
America
you let that's what it's not even
October yet we're buying a costume
whatever it's good to be prepared
hopefully it doesn't get ruined listen
don't give Daxton a hard time in the
comments just because he's being a
little whiny we all do that we're just
trying to figure life out right so when
you see him you like man he's being such
a little baby think about when do you
act like that and how can we choose to
be happy no matter when we don't get
that cowboy we choose to thumbs up this
video and leave a nice comment okay see
you tomorrow love you guys bye
