hey guys Shane here the Shaytards editor
yeah that's right they made me come with
a stupid turkey vacation I hate working
on vacation about my family
anyways today's vlog stupid don't watch
it go watch some other YouTube videos
but if you insist on sticking around I
got to give you a little heads up today
has some vlog footage from Sunday they
can never get me the footage on time is
it that hard is to put it in the Inbox
anyways some footages from Sunday from
Logan's farewell check it out all right
lucky bear comes that up here I'm ready
for church's what don't make fun of my
style choices Logan I can't figure out
how to do my hair here's Logan's talk
look how cute he has in the paper
organizer as a podium stand at it I was
I've no joke I was practicing even the
walk
I was accessing the walk from here to
the pulpit and I was that having the
placement of the paper I was how about
the stack how about the paper stack I
was seriously no joke I was thinking do
I hold it two hands or one hand ha ha
are you serious yes seriously nice it
was like my cookie like that isn't gonna
be loud and awkward do the weather man
paper stack yeah no news anchor paper
step and then I was thinking should I
like pretend like I'm reading through
real quick and then be like alright I
don't like now much you're overthinking
Iowa if you're thinking about how many
hands to use when you carry the papers
up to the podium alright so today is
Logan's farewell talk so come to my hair
special I better go reclaim this
starting to harden he has to give a 17
minute talk 15 to 20 in church today
hopefully since there's going to be more
people there the sacrament go slower and
hopefully I get an older person to talk
that'll talk before me and they'll talk
forever so then you know I don't even
have already about 10 minutes where's
your talk on um think about it
what time of year is it Thanksgiving so
my talk is on Greg gratitude give us a
little snippet of it go watch the video
science of happiness you guys are on
YouTube right now and I can promise you
wait you are this is you know that looks
like YouTube around here a lot of white
bars and stuff I can promise you that if
you watch this video and you apply what
they say that gratitude is one of the
key supports to being a happier person
that if you are grateful
turns what you have into enough it turns
what food you have into a feast because
you can always have less so be grateful
for what you do have tell me that video
title again science of happiness the
science of happiness go check it out
it's actually really cool I want to
watch it right now I'm gonna go watch it
you guys go watch it the science of
happiness gratitude true words Logan my
brother being grateful and thankful for
the things you have do not make fun of
my hair I want to throw the camera into
that batter this is homemade from Costco
because we're grateful for that
it's gonna be awesome I'm grateful for a
beautiful wife this morning no I I can't
take you seriously right now but why
can't I make style choices
Jason proud of you Logan thanks Brock's
big day in your life it's monumental
big day leave in ten days ten days be
honest how nervous are you right now
yeah to be honest I'm not nervous about
the mission at all I've never like
really been nervous about my admission
I've been excited this is the part that
I'm nervous at the top is the talking
when all your friends and family will be
there no pressure and the working part
for me seriously I could do this easy if
I could just wear like earplugs when I
start hearing my voice through the
speakers it's like I try to slow down to
catch up with my voice so what do you
like it's my music why is like no joke I
thought about it that was like should I
listen to some pumpup music alright so
this gratitude talk is brought to you by
Macklemore don't-don't-don't dude what's
going on over here do we have a cinema
viewing experience you like my hair why
not my hair's handsome you'll like my
hair nice color you like my hair what I
love you guys
it's crazy me too actually my time to do
this good morning how are you pumpkin I
love you you're so precious he's my baby
boy
little baby baby baby boy he's my baby
baby boy I love him come on smile for
daddy Oh thinking about it
think you might got a smile on there
come on you can get it I believe in you
you're my baby baby boy SIA smile
pumpkin stick I want some food from my
mommy I want some delicious milkshakes
cuz whoo milkshake brings all the boys
to the old high I am on a mission this
morning because I'm sick and it sucks
being sick so one of my favorite sayings
I don't know where it's from Plato
Aristotle Socrates Beethoven George Bush
I can't remember who it was said let
your food be your medicine and your
medicine be your food and I definitely
believe that so I am on a juice mission
this morning in California you can go to
863 play up places on any corner of Los
Angeles and get a freshly juiced juice
here in Idaho not so much they have more
like cheeseburgers and chicken fingers
so I'm gonna go find a juicer and get it
as many juices and mean fruits and
vegetables as I can get some vitamins
and nutrients and get them in my body
because I feel like crap I want a juice
bad once you start eating fruits and
vegetables on a regular basis and
juicing you majorly kill a difference
your body can really
relies on those good cells those good
nutrients your body you don't have them
it's like Oh
I'm excited I just got $77 worth of
Medicine got a whole satchel of it I'll
show you when I get home lots of good
stuff
behold my bounty we got strawberries
cranberries apples red apples green
apples nope those are strawberries we
got spinach carrots lime blueberries
blackberries kale this is kale and these
are beets and I'm gonna mix them all up
and do a big alters a bullet in my body
oh yeah baby
apples carrots beet kale spinach cut a
whole blueberry in there that's good
fella laughs hey so I'm super excited
my friend brittle is having contractions
right now she's been hay telling and
she's like oh honey time your
contractions and in my mind I'm like I
actually don't really even know but she
keeps having them I'm holding a diaper
like but this is what's happening right
now
she's having contractions I'm super
excited cuz we're gonna have another
baby boy in our life soon
che hey how's that baby boy yeah this
baby
oh just babies hanging out with me you
already being brainwashed in what I mean
you want you to know what you to
youtube.com is the future how cute he is
he's alright you've got dinosaurs on
your feet too cool we're just chillin
I'm just teaching her how to browse
through YouTube Hey thumbs retard videos
he needs to learn cuz he's gonna be
taking care of us later huh yeah we're
gonna retire off of your money that you
make are you gonna make any money this
is no dad I just wanna I just want to
tell you that forever I'm cute oh my
goodness how would you make such a cute
baby
oh my wife that's how you do it get a
hot wife I try gosh saw the diaper so
good news you guys Britney had her baby
yeah I'm so excited they named him
Thailand anyways Thailand Thailand
Thailand yeah he was born exactly I'm
after bro tart so November 25th and he
was born October - no not cool right
cool
okay what are you guys talking about hey
guys
nothing we're talking about
we're a happy family you don't want to
know we're talking about really high
script burgers and fries no we're not
yes we are
Odia broccoli broccoli you're allergic
to bread you liar
yeah the doctor said that I have to have
cheeseburgers and milk shades I mean
that's the only thing that's gonna make
me better
right oh ho ho
okay No
raagh guards hug him and then picked his
legs up with an gauge tipped over and
fell on top of them yeah we're on
vacation we're going to Five Guys
Burgers go that's cousin cousin love
give up a crazy knuckle bump bounce oh
that's a lot of knuckle bugs devil
shooters
that's three shooters you got a six
shooters you pulled out of six shooters
at the five guys oh wow I haven't heard
of that in a long time watch the barrel
oh the 8 the Ocho barrel I think rock
cards part of the Illuminati yeah
Illuminati yeah that was good living out
of fun we've had this fight before I'm a
five guys fan over in and out any day
I'll fight any you California in and out
no lame kurta Five Guys five guys real
American forever
five guys that are in and out and well
pipe it seems like a more like
substantial burger like a real burger in
doubt still seems like roses but I don't
think their phrasing in an out or five
guys okay
I'm not a big fan of in and out money
either isn't it funny how you feel like
you're like you feel bad me say that I
know like I know how everybody comes in
and out it's like oh sorry
hey five guys are in and out hey hey hey
hey our only kid there was a true
California native his his bro Tarte true
that is true little bro tarts born in
Los Angeles California
princes tard princes Tardos born in
Logan Utah and then the other three were
born in Pocatello Idaho
so me and Princess chard were born in
the same spot same hospital I think and
now I feel that's where I was born and
to bounce it at the kid table down there
hey kid table behave yourselves down
there what are those five gay who's
gonna grow us to me we got two more we
have seven kids between us not a boy
were they gonna grow up to be already
like fast for fifteen years and see the
same group of kids let's see what they
are all are doing me sit at five guys
and your kids are my kids are gonna like
cure cancer playing the NBA they're
gonna win American Music Awards son Todd
will just be the president of Harvard
president of skateboarding
I thought Tony Hawk was the president of
skateboarding Judy really is frail
probably be working at the mall during
Christmas as an elf
yep hey is it my turn to sit on Santa we
take a Polaroid or she'll be in a movie
with Will Ferrell the elf 36 yeah The
Revenge of the elves
bye guys yeah yeah five guys
boom delicious hot dog bite Casey levere
guys I just work it that was highly
inappropriate
hey did you see it yeah there's screen
oh yeah yeah I don't see that every day
is this my monkey monkey Oh already a
monkey I love my monkey hahahahahaha
Tommy what are you doing oh I'm a good
monkey in a dress what a pretty monkey I
love you guys oh is it time for bed Oh
chicken legs grab a sleeping I remember
monkey be quiet chicken uh keys now
she's chicken
this is what happens when you're on
vacation you give a kid sugar at 10:00
9:00 at night hey crazy monkey so he's a
dinosaur money Jerry Jerry Jerry that's
not a baby with his daughter it was
what's them play with them he he would
rather be held and played with then put
down what little one oh it's gonna shake
in here I think a baby boys won't say oh
my mom's really awesome and she's like
totes amazed fresh adorbs I was talking
with my sister today who is a physical
therapist and she's super amazing and
she knows like everything about
everything in my opinion that's how I
see her anyway she said that there are
like over a hundred baby reflexes
because you notice how babies are super
lightweight like they're flailing around
all the time we just kick in and your
arms are flailing around they have over
a hundred different reflexes my favorite
one is when they spread their arms and
they go like with her startled it's so
cute
turn your head out you almost got it hey
why hi hi are you riding a bicycle you
riding a bicycle I still think he looks
like a frog I think newborn babies their
bodies look like frogs are you a frog
body okay I'll stop talking about how
you look like a frog congratulations
Logan we're all proud of you here's the
ending of your talk on Sunday you did a
great job everybody
you guys are awesome I'm grateful for
every single one of you all my friends
my parents grandparents my siblings my
leaders list goes on
be thankful girl you guys go which I'll
make you guys are all coming on you guys
shake hands and then I am dead and that
you guys made enemies I've shown so much
support I just want to tell you guys
right now that especially it's 98 just
take that little extra time to show some
gratitude for your loved ones words
everyone you know most importantly show
gratitude towards Christ once that you
will be happy I promise you guys that
I'd like to thank everybody once again
for coming you guys an awesome can't
wait
amen
