look at this crew of Yahoo's what do you
guys think you're going Idaho drop
starts got a spider-man like your beret
very beautiful thank you we're getting
on an aeroplane
we're flying to Utah and then getting a
rental car and then drive an Idaho oh we
didn't forget one did we ok good we've
got them all ok ok I'm gonna need your
help a lot bro I need an MVP performance
in you today ok yeah I need you to be
the most valuable player I need to be
like a linebacker teaches ratbags kids
luggage and you just go ok that's how
you guys are getting there you guys are
playing on that dude you're not even a
month the living you're gonna take your
very first airplane ride you're such a
jet setter
it's just an international man of
leisure he's ready fun going to airports
with you guys look at all rock cards got
his carry-on yeah this is your first
time going through without a stroller
you're your little man now look at that
little backpack I got an iPhone flat
bottom some spider-man headphones and he
keeps saying I got an iPhone are there
Superman headphones all right headed to
our gate okay we ready let's go we had a
little bit of an emergency we were
really pushing it on time it's 11
o'clock and our flight leaves at 11:38
and they didn't print off baby tarts
boarding pass it's old mom son tart
Prince's tart bro tart and rock-hard all
went through airport security and mean
baby heard had to go back out into the
terminal get navy tarts boarding pass
come through security now we're rushing
to gate 56 we get on an airplane to go
to Salt Lake City Utah are you ready
okay let's do this hopefully we don't
miss the flight
seriously they went through security and
now we're like rush gonna go meet the
they're now looking at twice we'll have
to get to gates it's a good thing I know
this airport like the back of my hand
I've flown through this Airport at least
300 times maybe more maybe not even that
money I don't know but it's been a lot
I've lived at this Airport like the last
four and a half years likely story we're
rushing to our gate and they're getting
food look at us family
hey family we made it did you think we
weren't gonna make it
I was worried I was prepared to hold the
plane down and wrote art that held me
down
of course prints the chart has to hand
over the things because she's Little
Miss responsible hold on baby tarts yes
put these on there hey Prince art can
you come grab my coat for me right there
I just left it grab that
when we land it's gonna be cold young
lady where's your coats
hey one leaves I hear she's such a take
a charge kind of a little girl just like
I'm in charge I'm doing this here they
come here's the family here they are
touch the outside of the plane what are
you listening to rock art let's see oh
what's that
listen to your daddy's song I got my
socks on that you can download right now
on iTunes links below
oh that's a good taste of music my
friend what does my favorite part I'm so
excited that video the socks on video is
getting close to a million views so you
guys go refresh it
you hate and listen oh you guys wanna
see the new colors that are coming
because the other ones sold out all the
other socks are sold out and they are
gonna restock them but we have some new
colors coming in you guys want to see
the new colors okay and look at this you
guys I'm gonna have red and white purple
and pink and red and green and black so
those are the new colors coming at the
very first of December so get ready
because they might sell out again what
so are used to be making some bracelets
on this flight okay your goal is to make
10 bracelets before we land
if you can do it yeah you can do it okay
you guys got to be making those
bracelets fast baby's hard what are you
gonna do while they're making bracelets
Rock tire teams are you ready you ready
he always gets window how can we always
give him the window
The Selfish baby always takes the window
it's cool to think about what's going
through his little mind right now as he
sees all these airplanes and big ramps
and machinery and it's just interesting
to watch his eyes as he experiences some
of these things for the first time even
though he's been on a lot of flights
it's like you know you don't remember a
thing to hear a little little
and now that he's like Oh boss war and
start to remember thoughts
yeah he actually flew when he was this
age we went to VidCon but remember you
haven't he was the only one that came
with us and he was about is over
yeah we pull the rock around
look how high we are we're getting up
really
see the ocean
oh
there's the ocean
I love that meat
No
you love airplanes we've been wanting
the iPad we tell the week in May wasn't
ugly takeoffs and ii were up in the air
three about together
and then wedding a rental car right
touching it when you get off rocked are
you look cool that backpack oh it's cold
you know that cold so missionaries
coming home and Logan's leaving they in
like two weeks and we just saw the
missionary at the top of the stairs and
he's super nervous cuz his whole
family's down here so he standeth was
they actually watch guys want to watch
him come down let's watch here's all the
family all the family has their sign
saying welcome home may be tardy pens to
the missionary come home it was funny he
was standing at the top of the stairs
and it looked like he had been crying up
this you miss him look at him it's
overwhelming for him never seen their
family at all in two years
there's mom
there's his mom look that's a missionary
he's just coming home he hasn't been
home for two years that's the first time
he saw his mom in two whole years that
cool here comes the whole family Logan's
at home we're gonna go see him but
they're still hugging you see a doggy
there's dad dad hasn't seen this boy for
two years and that cool son tired I'll
be me and you did dude before you know
it we're gonna be here doing that same
thing don't blink your life will go by
that happens fast I want to die be mushy
you've got a mission too you wanna want
a mission what do you yelling at it
all right waiting for our baggage look
whose is that one little traveler
himself got it you got one too oh look
there's baby tards better grab it good
job the kids wanted to put theirs on so
it all the way around so they can grab
it can you get it put the turd
Chuck oh good job presses those yours
son tired that one's ours grab that one
get it
right that's the one I had to buy in
Australia because of you guys in
Australia giving us all those presents
see anymore
my baby charts try to get it it's not
any funny
hey baby tired oh nice job did it girl
hey everybody what's going on shaycarl
here and i'm singing this out
do-do-do-do-do-do-do us we're here in
Salt Lake City Utah and we're taking
more pictures for the calendar we wanted
a few more options one it's me you know
variety for the calendar so we took some
here and we're really sad because they
usually here at Salt Lake City at the
temple they have like the best Christmas
lights like in the world they go all out
and they totally decked out the temple
grounds but they don't come on till
after Thanksgiving so we didn't get any
Christmas light shots but we are next to
a gigantic Christmas tree that goes all
the way up to a chandelier that's pretty
cool huh wow that's a cool shot we
should all levitate like we could all
float up there like and Willy Wonka and
the Chocolate Factory you bumped into
the ceiling which now has to be washed
and sterilized you lose good day sir hey
Center you're looking handsome in that
coat Thanks can you tell these guys who
this is
who's that cousin your cousin great job
great job
hey do you guys mind if she's in the
video this is my cousin Mandy she's
she's sad and this is her handsome
husband Wesley given by the right
content given yeah I was just telling
her daughter I was like oh maybe I
should ask them ok we're going out to
dinner let's go out to dinner here we go
hey come look come look at this guy
who's this who's that guy but it's who
is that
no that's Joseph Smith can you say
Joseph Smith John Smith
there's old Joseph Smith we're in Salt
Lake City at the Joseph Smith building
it's a really cool building they're
pretty bleep dinner
you're gonna stay here in hail Joseph
Smith all right Joe you're in charge of
them you take care of them okay thanks
man I love you so much need a napkin
okay I'll get you up
show us your spoon can you show me your
spoon show me your spoon you're such a
good boy I love you okay I'll get you a
napkin we went to eat and with eight of
Olive Garden rocked her fell asleep the
entire time we're in the car
headed to Idaho now he just looks at me
with the cutest whistles dad we're going
to get something to eat like Oh buddy we
just ade and you were asleep the whole
time I said we got you some leftover
macaroni and cheese but we don't have
any silverware but I do have this advil
box because it was in mommy's purse
it's like ripped off part of the advil
blocks and he's using it as a spoon now
and he's being such a good boy I love
you look
he's scooping it up dude you're you're
quite the improviser thank you for being
such a good boy and not throwing a fit
you need a nap get alright that's
nothing to do okay guys I just he's so
precious
honestly I were to film that clip just
for me just so I could remember that you
guys get to enjoy it too all right
napkins and then he just said dad what
aren't the kids watching cuz the other
three are in the back watching the iPad
saying dad what are the kids watching I
said guys let me watch it they said
we're watching rise of the guardians and
he goes dad they watching Jack Frost
say that again yeah they're watching
Jack Frost on the iPad
it was just what else moments right I
think he's so cute I love him
I think you're so cute I love you it's
like a question yeah anyways mom's
driving I'm editing high five che yeah
high five
you're so cool think your nose eat it
the hundreds of Ag year of Overseers
duplet didn't even even know that me in
the future was gonna make me in the past
eat his own boogers
then wipe them in his beard give me five
yeah thanks for slamming on the brakes
oh I could get this shot just like
chairs outside so I grabbed the camera
that just slams on the brakes to slow
down sleep then I like my computer and I
will have died I mean right
yeah we're not at home now it's official
you guys can start eating potatoes get
the bag of potatoes out of the suitcase
and give me a fork I want a potato how
you been doing boys it's been a long
time since I've seen you
how's old Gussie pants doing looking
grumpy as usual
hey guesser you feel sad well I'm here
to make you happy
hey guys good to see you again love you
I missed you looks like they've been
taking good care of you Shh arts family
then add to that painting there's the
elk I killed a elk sorry about that
my bad we're home I'm talking to my elk
dad I heard that and it's kind of
strange feel bad are you swiffering the
halls yes we ate all of him huh
no is there some what's going on
downstairs
is there a surprise I heard sons aren't
safe Oh awesome
better go check it out what
we have oh my is that a pro court dude
Centauri where'd you get this look
Costco
dude this will be good tomorrow and
everybody's here dude
we got to have contests so you can get
the highest points baby charge almost
doesn't count
hope stirs get out of here I'm gonna
dunk one yeah they're crying huh cuz
that they are but look at that guy
what'd he do one
he's smiling huh is he happy yeah he's
happy yeah he's happy huh see out of all
those people all the people that are
crying - no they're not fishes they're
like people those represent all the
people around you all the time that are
in a bad mood
you're always saying mean and scary sad
things you can still decide to be happy
okay what Logan just had a time
discussion you know what time what you
talk about maybe they gets longer huh oh
the blog just went live what are you
teaching my kids down there I explain to
them what are you eating there are you
chicken out of a bag it's a good
discussion
your uncle Logan's a smart guy I'll
teach you is that who you are good what
is this painting mean baby tard are you
sad thank you thank you a new friend
that's a great way to be happy that's a
good tip you got a cape look you got a
cape all right
the vlog went live I have to go put
annotations on it now
che what's an annotation an annotation
is a clickable space on the screen that
you are on right now
there are actually six clickable
annotations if you're on a computer if
you're on a mobile device
I guess they haven't invented clickable
annotations on a mobile device yet
you'll have to find those links in the
video description this here ladies and
gentlemen is what we call the Shaytards
endslate
it's basically a launchpad for more
Shaytards content you like our family
you want to hang out with us some more
you want to see what we were doing
exactly one year ago today we'll see
that little blue number one click on it
two three and exactly four years ago
today what was our family doing click on
that number four and you will watch that
video ladies and gentlemen click onto
yesterday's vlog and I usually like to
keep something secret and mysterious
mysterious that's how Charles Barkley
says mysterious it's mysterious as
monster this horrible mysterious lady
you click on that right right now all
right we're in Idaho can't wait to be
here for the next week love you guys and
we'll see ya tomorrow
yeah see ya
