okay it has begun one take Sunday say
something cute nice to Logan pretend
this is the last time you can ever say
anything to Logan what would you say to
him have a good time on your mission
learn more about god I love you more
than the world I have a condition of
love it's a lotta love I love you oh hey
here we all one take Sunday today is a
very monumental day calm down I was
running all over looking for the camera
it's a very big day in the life of the
butler's our little brother Logan is
about to depart on a huge journey in his
life he's gonna go to the Buenos Aires
Argentina mission for two years that
means we will not see him at all for two
years that a creeper you got a creeper
celery okay take her or take her hey you
guys look who we have here look who we
have it's mr. Donny the dog my dad said
he tried to get that dart off like three
times and it wouldn't come off
Donny's stuck there forever all right as
we go down through the house let's see
who we can find there were like 60
people here tonight Logan McKay got his
friends here gonna white balance there's
coming there's a couple friends left
we got hatchet man bearded battle axe
boy ha ha ha
baby tired Damaris I want to ask you
something what huh what really what she
thinks he's cute
she has a crush on him well why wouldn't
she that's his handsome what's up
handsome boy
we got the cousins Braley do you have a
crush on that boy over there
I like to exploit any time something has
a crush on somebody well I have a crush
that's weird that you have a crush on my
mom hi mom tell us the story with your
husband up sued my company Samsung for a
billion dollars so they paid them in
nickels 30 let's fake I saw that on the
internet it's a fake story because you
don't believe everything you see on the
my dentist in coins nickels and pennies
and dimes did you guys see that post on
the internet it was like there was some
corporate lawsuit and so Google paid
Apple and like nickels and dimes I've
heard that it's I think it's false wait
you saw a picture on the internet oh
never mind you guys it happened she saw
a picture on the Internet
hey I was gonna say what is some last
things you want to say pretend this is
the last time you could ever talk to
Logan what would you say to him he could
die oh boy those are ace I shouldn't say
that I shouldn't say that you know write
him a letter you know what I told him I
give a piece of advice to write himself
a letter when he flies to Buenos Aires
and then you read it when you come home
wow Logan's on it his mission Oh some
informations about secret is a surprise
baby tart you can't reveal all that
information I hope you had fun there but
now that your family and God love you oh
that's a very good letter baby keep your
lips sealed big mouth she like and also
there's nobody in here except for the
smiley face what does the secret yeah
okay wait whisper it to me first so I
can audit this whisper what
she can't that's not gonna happen
she was Logan's girlfriend's gonna hide
in his suitcase so that when he gets to
when oh sorry she'll jump out yeah that
will happen thank God she won't survive
the luggage baggage claim get off my
shoulders
okay oh yeah weird interview um that
actually is one thing that I did when I
went on my mission that was really cool
I wrote myself a letter on the flight I
remember we took off from Florida flew
to the West Indies and I remember
sitting there like with them in the
window-seat and I wrote myself like this
four-page letter and I sealed it up and
put it in my suit pocket and I didn't
open it until I flew home two years
later it was really cool anyways let's
go see who else is around here
I didn't interview centaurs out here
this beautiful day here in Idaho look at
the sunset you see my breath that's
exciting to see my breath alright let's
go ask a few more people what they want
to say Logan this is the last time you
ever going to say anything to yourself
what would you say to yourself say as
myself yeah give yourself some advice in
two years from them oh yeah you do that
thing I told you about write yourself
together yeah I told all my mission
friends I dunno I'm not knowledgeable
right now so better learn some stuff
Bailey got she just read us your order
gage come here gage come outside hurry
seriously I have a top-secret question
for you come on here gage I want you to
talk to your uncle Logan in this camera
say something that you want to say to
Uncle Logan apps thank you
Hey it's breaking into a spray can he
use that at your ease into a sprite can
did he make a mess in my house
show me where did he get sprite on my
carpet Logan it's stupid let's go
downstairs what are you doing hey stand
right here
I want you to give this is the last
message you can say it's your uncle
Logan what would you say to him
pieces of advice word of advice don't
listen to these guys these are bad
examples you guys get out of here you
guys had your turn move you just read
your letter you guys all better chance
it sometime soon okay you're next you're
next I don't want any outside influences
what would you say your uncle Logan last
words buddy what would you say to your
uncle Logan words of advice try if you
can't find like anyone like if people
share shut the doors on you or some
right you can pray the Heavenly Father
and you can ask him and then he can show
you where to find a home to help people
right what is he going on the mission
for what is he doing for those two years
he's helping the corneas he's giving up
he's telling them about the gospel and
so think so they can try to be
remembered as a church and get baptized
cool I love you buddy
love you you're a good boy all right
baby tard lost baby tard anybody else
okay your turn come here come here sit
over here by the Christmas tree this is
a good backdrop okay what's your last
little bit of advice to Logan guys go
out it's baby tarts turn okay what would
you say last little thing you could say
to your uncle Owen always remember Jesus
that's a good tip that's really good
anything else
I think that first one was pretty dang
good
what what do you think you look like in
two years when he comes home I think
you'll be driving a car by then why you
will you have a cell phone in your own
car by the time he gets home how old are
you know how old are you gonna be when
he gets home six will be twenty long
okay
twenty I love you I love you what what's
your last thing you're stupid don't copy
your uncle your cousin gage cousin gage
okay that everybody I think we got
everybody locked was rock hard
hey come here walk towards anybody
listen hey can I ask you a question so
you take the guy from you hey can you
say something to a little bogan can he
play with it for a minute know what Dart
alright I guess we're not gonna get some
words of advice from rocked hard because
he's mad about the Ninja Turtle last one
what when you come home always remember
that you were a missionary that's a good
tip here good you full of good tips
alright that's a wrap on one take Sunday
either time or people around here but I
just wanted to say we love you guys and
we're gonna miss Logan he is leaving on
December 4th and he'll be gone for two
years I guess my piece of advice to
Logan would be to just really go to work
lose yourself in the work I remember
when I was a missionary when I just put
everything I had into it and forgot
about home forgot about the things of
the world and just focused on serving
the people of the country that you're
living in serve the Argentinean people
and just love them you'll have more joy
and more Happy's happiness than you
could ever experience I remember the
last like week or the last two or three
days of my mission walking around Guyana
just breathing in the
smells and just trying to it saturate
every sense I had the sound what it
tasted like to eat in the people's homes
and to forget about school and bills and
like careers and all those worldly
things that were all caught up in you
know trying to figure out what we're
gonna do when we grow up and how we're
gonna pay our next mortgage payment and
if we have the new shoes or the new
clothes to look cool to fit in at school
or if you're driving the new car you
want to get new rims or you have the
sound system all those things that all
of us as humans are always stressing out
and worrying about just to forget all
that stuff that's the biggest tip I have
and that was so nice for those two years
just to focus on service and to help
bring people to Christ and that's really
the mission that he is going to serve
it's not about baptizing people into the
Mormon Church it's about showing people
this person called Jesus Christ and
about how he is our Savior and how we
should all seek to be like he was to
have love and empathy and patience and
kindness and to love all of our Heavenly
Father's children even when they're
texting you during a very intimate won't
take Sunday I love you guys to me this
today is what heaven is like being
surrounded by all your friends and
family and all the people you really
care about to me that's what heaven is
and I hope all of you can have that
desire to have that hope to you know to
find happiness and that's the ultimate
goal I guess is to be happy and I hope
you're happy today we love you guys
won't take Sunday from the mountains of
Idaho where it is brisk and cold we'll
see you tomorrow
