hi how are you my name is Shay Carl
welcome to my youtube videos I'm so glad
you found me now let's be best friends
roll the intro we're starting today's
vlog at 1:17 p.m. in the afternoon
headed to baby tarts class I was just
thinking to myself as I was driving over
here jamming out to some tunes you never
do that
you ever listen to music have you ever
heard of this thing called music it's
good music it's downright delightful
it's a Friday and I'm happy because
we're going to Idaho tomorrow
it's one of those days where I feel like
all the like chores the things that I
had to do are like being wrapped up and
like the last couple things I have to do
I mean not like this is a chore but I'm
gonna go a volunteer in baby Tarts class
they're having like a party today I'm
gonna help set up and then I have to get
the vlog up and then we have to pack and
then I'm on vacation I'm never really
like on vacation because because I
upload a video every day that's my job
so I'm technically always working but
whenever I'm not in Los Angeles I feel
like I'm on vacation so when we fly to
Idaho like the second that we get on
that plane tomorrow it's like I'm on
vacation is that weird
no okay let's go see baby dard alright
so here we are baby tarde is doing a
little play are you a pilgrim Turner
Ellis your pilgrim hat that is so you
she's got a little apron on you look
adorable
and the Mayflower rocked back and forth
their tummies hurt Oh with a long
journey 66 days however filbert said we
are the pilgrims we want to be free to
pray to our God
so the matos favored the pilgrims and
taught them was very sick lamp and which
face to eat he tried to have a fish in
plant corn we have prepared a feast for
ourselves I are thankful for this
harvest
okay we're hiding right now and we're
gonna jump out and scare son time pick
him up
scare him you guys ready crap he's
coming the wrong way you see him right
there we're trying to we're turning our
heads like we don't listen to him all
right let's go house cool
all right so we are officially up make a
joke kids are out of school and they
wanted some new shoes because all their
shoes are getting destroyed so son tard
is getting some new vans girls gonna be
rocking some vans nice
I am from YouTube I was born there back
in the day YouTube is my mommy yeah we
make videos on YouTube we did you're
smart you win the prize you win ten
Internet points those fit dude yeah I
like those those are sweet girls let's
see if you like those ones babyt are
just getting the thatthey are those like
Argyle yeah you got your shoes on
awesome sweet radical we got new shoes
okay let's see this bicycle move I'm
ready you riding the bike you're awesome
are you good at that yeah you're really
good at that huh look at you you don't
need long legs to ride a bike you just
needs little ingenuity and some
coordination good job dude okay we're
getting ready to go to Idaho it is like
eight o'clock and night and we're
indoors
very carefully you look so masculine
right now did you know that the
high-heeled shoe is invented for a man
it was yeah I did no matter it king
louis xiv yeah it was really into the
way his calves looked so we wanted some
shoes to make his can slip your so babe
babe okay time for the baby to eat I
didn't want to time around the pizza
well don't break her shoes okay beat the
time tell everybody where we're having
beats are you guys anything that's why
mom doesn't have a
and there's pizza in the freezer that's
usually what we have but guess what
tomorrow we're headed to Idaho so that's
okay cuz we're gonna get grandma's good
cooking on Sunday
I'm super excited we have to pack
because we're going to Idaho okay baby
todd has a performance for us okay we
are ready for the performance I have not
seen any of this yet she's been working
on this for the past 30 seconds it looks
very modern dancey
I'm impressed where did you make up this
dance it looks like you have a co dancer
coming in here whoa that's cool move
it's totally modern dance right now
loving it the performance dude that over
are you done are you done with your
performance baby turned out okay is that
perfect performance on your pad okay you
guys are ruining the performance
seriously many just don't get it okay
baby try to continue we are ready I need
to learn how to zoom on this with one
hand hi I know she's not performing
perform
love it baby turn you are just gonna be
a little actress dancer and a singer
along with your sister wait what are you
backstage miss balls in this I'll show
your balls bro
this growth should we show this this
this is something that I'm filming for
our posterity I don't care if I'm nice
or not I want to see I want to be able
to look back on the day when we pull a
little bro tards umbilical cord off
think about that as a 30 year old man to
be able to watch your umbilical cord
come off
is that cool I've heard of thee I want
to see my umbilical cord come off I
don't know I'm gonna show the baby's
monkey with a monkey is too much you're
the one of judgment okay oh it just
barely barely hanging on true way okay
everybody that work we save that it's
just like a big scab okay you get
excited to watch this on your xxx just
chill excited to watch this in your 30
here that's yours
put in your keepsake drawer here we go
yeah there you go
that's yours well you just saw me rip my
kids a Billiken cord off you're
definitely family now if you weren't
before can you say oversharing
I think the Shaytards have finally over
shared their life Oh TMI do you want to
see me rip my
sons of billa Kolkata I don't know I
mean it's life sorry for gross you out
sir if we cut from Pizza to umbilical
cords well I'm gonna rip it off it was
like dangling off it's barely there I'm
gonna make a necklace out of it if you
guys want a bro tard umbilical cord
necklace links below you go to roadie RK
to get yourself one oh geez jerky that
wait wait teriyaki jerky or salt and
pepper jerky hey guys I'm sick I don't
know if you can hear this sexiness my
voice or not but we are in Idaho we are
driving to our house it is late at night
it's 8:18 p.m. by the time this gets
uploaded it'll be probably after
midnight I'll check out yesterday's vlog
got a feelin lucky but you know how to
do one two three four I make a shad I'm
excited to see my mom and dad and my
brothers and sisters and we will see you
tomorrow
