it's a rainy day in lost I lost a land
Gillis it's a rainy day today the rain
is here it's here to stay
hey hey it's raining today
am ia good singer am ia good maker upper
of songs what do you think you like me
do you think I'm a good father
Oh okey-dokey you're rocking a pony
today you rocking a postponed nice hey
bro you were in a peak at school today
get made fun up dude turn to the side
let me see it you're cool with it
you don't care if you get made fun of
wondering what are you gonna say - they
say do where you were at I think it's
the best time of the year all this is
ElkY snow have a cup and shoot I'm
excited for Christmas this year jolly
Christmas
I learned or just later to the song so
that our Christmas sun's what's today
say Thursday Thursday s love 5 Thursday
Friday fly home to Idaho so excited so
excited I think we should just stay home
all through November in December yeah
let's just stay in Idaho I had a dream
last later there was a missile beam shot
it was crazy
was it it was it was like oh you were
there too son heard you were shooting
guns there was like this fight because
these people were shooting guns and the
military were shooting missiles of these
people you're missiles they're like
giant bullets what kind of guns were I
should cool guns dude you're shooting
pink hat guns jolly Christmas
sing it ball haha hey pumpkin
you got the hiccups it's crazy sitting
here with my newborn son because our
lives are so busy and we just have
always have something going on
Colette's taking a nap rock cards
playing on the iPad and the kids are at
school so it's just little me and bro
tarde here hanging out and it's fun in
these moments these quiet moments like
let's get to know each other and then
you come in and ruin everything what do
you think about your new brother he's
pretty good to sniff he's got those blue
eyes it's like a very nostalgic moment
that's like rainy outside so I feel like
cuddly you know how you feel when it's
rainy for like cuddly like cuddle
daddy's got daddy's right here I love
him we'll keep you we'll keep you around
because when you get older you can
vacuum and do dishes and stuff yeah
you're gonna have to learn how to do
child labor have you ever heard a child
labor it's the best kind of labor yeah
your brothers and sisters will tell you
about it you believe he's almost been
here a month you guys he's almost a
month old look he can hold his head up
he can hold his head up that's good
you're strong baby you're a strong baby
I like strong babies they can lift more
groceries out of the back of minivans
good boy
rock cart has a bag of jerky
Zeke wants a piece of that jerky rock
cards not sharing any of that jerky with
said dog
but he still follows him all over the
house Brock tard loves jerky he's a big
fan of jerky pick just one piece bro
just one piece come on man why don't you
share you never share I thought we were
brothers no I'm not pooping I'm just
selling Rock card oh you got two bags of
drinky now you love that jerky don't you
that yummy yeah yeah here we go you let
him have that one yeah they're cozy
there go action oh ha ha
dude classic classic experience you put
an old winter coat on you reach in the
pocket
what do you find 8 delor rays that's
Spanish for dollars and pesos friends I
just got 8 bucks richer my day just got
8 percent better Oh what's this look in
the other pocket monster earbuds I have
all dude you know how like we lose your
buds constantly this time in your pocket
seriously I just told Colet dude these
are nice ones
I just told Colet oh I'm excited it's a
rainy day I get to wear a coat and I
love this coat because I look like a
cool skier dude in this coat Hey look
shoosh I'm shushing down mountains look
so smooth watch out I'm swoosh in the
mountains
you can't ski they don't let skis for
dogs sushi sushi and then I reach my
pocket I find these sweet monster
earbuds and $8 my day just comes I'm
gonna steal it ok here you know you'll
take it a nurse thanks alright so Ron's
coming to pick me up and we're gonna go
work out with blogilates it's hard to
say blog it's like Pilates and it's like
Pilates she blogs the Pilates Blogilates
yeah I'm excited genius named Blogilates
hey iPad tard bye-bye
bye I love you I love you I love you I
love you I love you I love you thank you
good bye bye okay bye one workout bye
I see that baby no that was just a ploy
to see your boobs fine okay here we are
I was having a hard time saying your
channel name Blogilates blah blah t's
Blogilates cuz I'm not smart anyways
here we are I was getting you're almost
to a million subscribers yeah we're so
close not that you're counting or
anything how many of you weigh like
20,000 oi I know I think I'm in the
early 900 there's something like that
about 9:30 126 not that I've checked
hahaha but we when me and Ron were doing
this tray loss everybody's like Shay you
got to do a video with block lattes and
I'm like whoo and then I went like she
almost has a million subscribers that's
how crazy YouTube is these days that egg
back in like when I first started is
like somebody had a million subscribers
you knew who they were now it's like
what who and you live like two miles
away from me yeah like neighbors
we're seriously neighbors that's the
cool thing about YouTube is she doesn't
even know us and she invited us over to
her house we could murder her but we
won't you're not going
is that a weird thing to say within five
minutes of showing up here awkward laugh
awkward laughing look at this chair you
guys this is cool I want to get this
chair I'm gonna steal this chair I won't
murder you but I'll steal your ostrich
skin charity ostrich you guys we're
gonna work out right here in her house
I'm excited we're gonna sweat I brought
my yoga mat this is not my yoga mat this
is my wife's yoga mat sack well if I use
my wife's yoga mat that's really okay
there's my first time using it all right
we're gonna get to work right now I am
going to kill him
No me and Ron I told her I told Ron to
tell you I said tell her to give us like
a really good workout cuz we need it
right now anywhere I don't know I think
I'm gonna regret that
here we go lucky name shake Carl
blogging liking names Carlos the
 I did it
did it identity I like that intro it's
good hey hey get that baby off your boob
no like non-stop slay that monster
animal that monster animal we created
this one no wait
watch well can't tell which one we
created which one did we just hold this
just haphazardly happened cuz those
limbs
he's got limbs for days you guys you
can't see but that is very even Morgan
his arm is 6 foot 3 inches long that's
an exaggeration hey update on the
calendars we're so close to a thousand
if you guys want to sign calendar you
better get one I think we're at like 980
really close there's like 20 left to get
a signed calendar they are available
links below for the 2004 DJ tour gun
pictures like this all Shaytards are in
the air a hole isn't that great what an
action shot mommy charred you actually
well I think I'm a little higher you
almost won for highest jump I'm very
proud of you you think your hair way
higher nice try
I smoked three bowls that day haha drug
references are not funny
stop it how is school my little minions
yeah hello minion I would school good
good
why do you guys tell me something
interesting that happened today instead
of just good anything exciting
interesting horrible well I'm all Mike
my friend Mia is moving the ear by
tomorrow oh my goodness
tomorrow that's far away there will be
no playdates after she moves whoa on
that plane it's got 20 hour drive but I
mean flight on the plane you drive on
the plane for 20 hours yeah that's how
it goes totally interesting but this kid
she likes to screw him so he made a
bracelet like these kind of bracelets
they're called craisins and this one's
called a fishtail uh-huh and at the end
of it he got like yeah like a heart
Charlie put
gave it to her oh I like sharing the
mines like I'm only good for like do
what do ya using him
no no was really teasing him but like
almost so cute or what are you chillin
on
oh it's this you are your father's do
you know how much your dad loves the
shoes on the ends of pens and she's all
nice seen every tastic lids okay I have
some excited children what are we
getting we're going to the dollar store
so that they can get those little
bracelet thingies the things to make
those rubber band bracelets battery
somebody that son cards friend said that
he could find it at the dollar store so
we're going to find out I didn't know
how to make one time getting something
out well you can learn if you want to
learn I don't want to learn what does
she have kids Brenda knows what I do is
that look Christmas Christmas this is
fun I love dollar store Christmases look
it's a nativity say scene
there's the Jesus there we use a baby
teachers okay we found them but
apparently they came up the same one
they're not the same like these are
different cooks
yeah we're selling a lot of yeah I think
that that's what you're gonna find
yeah there's this con there's the time
with a little loop well this one has to
leave to I think all of them do they
wanted a bigger one
oh well this was stellar store okay
honey are you excited she's buying these
with her own money everyone are you not
gonna get a bracelet maker creepy I you
don't want to okay let's see that were
you keep your money
two dollars just to even you so that
makes it easy for you okay t dollars
even you just dropped one oh it was
funny for learning thank you good job
penny thank you so much thank you yeah
thank you
well dang it I turned the camera off
right before baby tart said look I got a
receipt what's that exciting money look
at gotta receipt here reenactment
this is awesome that was so cute is that
exciting you paid with your own money
and you got your own receipt and I got
my own go she she yeah that's what
happens when you go to the dollar store
so you guys need to continue to earn
money and save it so that you can always
feel that good about yourself what you
bet
candy I I had to give her two um two
dollars yep
and you're going to only eat a tiny bit
and save it right yes yes mother
Yes Mother okay what do you got saved it
you got ash a beard is that what that is
that looks like ash a mustache to me
what that's a shame us - gosh - you have
a mustache that's a bead mustache rocked
hard calls all facial hair ash a beard
because of the cartoon I don't know why
but he calls every piece of facial hair
he sees ash a beard I got it you dad you
got your shape here that's one of those
cute things or remember when he grows up
remember when you used to call Daddy's
facial here get a shave you were down
again
I wanna see the baby look I have a
laundry folding partner honey folding
partner yeah he's been on this earth
almost a month yeah Oh what oh so wait
somebody's excited to show me something
what is it
I was making a mess of your room yes I
can see that what else are we doing with
your wife's oh we went to the store
Oh Costa Mesa Nikki said
I mean do you guys are just like into
this now aren't you do you make all
those that's pretty impressive dude
people were saying in the comments of
the vlogs that if you sold those they
would buy them
hey what yeah you want to buy it
yourself um sure
that's all that just seems like more
work for me though like you know I put
them on the website and then put them in
an envelope and shipping them out well
then I'll put them in an envelope you'll
do it okay take your bike down to the
post office and buy some envelopes and
postage stamps okay okay if you guys
want to buy son tards wristbands there
are a thousand dollars a piece
thousand dollars no way that's not a
good deal how much should we sell for
them depends on what they how good they
are say for instance these two what
would you sell this one right here for
don't worry too much maybe like a dollar
or seventy-five cents a dollar $75 $75
or seventy-five cents Oh so not even a
dollar seventy-five like seventy-five
cents or a dollar you got a pic which
one yeah a dollar so you're seal sell
these for a dollar what about shipping
and handling did you think about that
they'll cost probably three bucks just
to send that free what's not shipping
cost money you want to ship that to
somebody across the world you got to pay
for it hey my gonna be three bucks to
ship that somewhere okay
so how much you gonna charge then
because then that means you would lose
two dollars because if you sold that for
a dollar and somebody sent you a dollar
to send that to them and you had to
spend three bucks to ship it to them
that means you lost two bucks so are you
willing to make these to lose two
dollars per bracelet that doesn't sound
like very much fun doesn't so how much
you're gonna sell them for business 101
with shaycarl
I don't know shut up so the more less I
some before
well this is why are you gonna make them
just for fun or you gonna try to make a
little bit of money because you have to
spend a lot of time how long did that
take you to make that if I took you like
30 minutes how long it take you how
pretty long like ten minutes five
minutes okay so you have to ask yourself
how much is five minutes of your time
worth and then you have to think about
how much of those rubber bands costs and
what did you spend to buy these rubber
bands so you're taking consideration of
time
and the cost that it costed by those I
got Matt dollar tree so dollar tree so
not too much by the rubber bands so do
you think you gonna sell it for still
want to do a dollar how about some 575
dollars wow you really up the price I
don't think you're understanding the
concept here now you're going cheaper
you're losing more and more money dude
the lower you go on the price of the
bracelet okay okay so listen
in order if you want to set you want to
make money on those bracelets or you
just want to give them away cuz you're
just a good kind-hearted guy hey I just
wanna make him fun you tournament you
don't want to sell anymore yeah pretty
complicated I talked him out of that one
didn't I was at the store lady said all
the parents have been coming and looking
for those I think it's a thing that's a
fad if there's tears do you remember
when boondoggles yeah I did I made some
boondoggles my day dude you don't know
about boondoggle you I lived oh you made
a boondoggle son you and your kids these
days making rubber brand bracelets
boondoggles where it's at did only
something you'll never understand I just
got back from the gym do my muscles look
big that's interesting do you member
learning about business as a kid it's
like well isn't it free to send a
bracelet across the world no this cost
money it's not all about money but you
know it's something that they need to
learn about okay let's see we have a
frog and a kiss for you to put this arm
over more like this but the scooter you
practice at the kisser this is a frog
like that put your hoods on girls okay
so whoever sent us this package you know
who you are
we got it thank you very much we really
like the presents I think your heads
look cute
the perfect
that's our all right we're getting taco
what do you guys think about my
invention do you think this is gonna
work
look I got a seat belt on the drink oh
that's a genius invention let's see if
it works
I might have soda all over the back of a
truck all right taco ladies you guys
ready to eat yeah yeah yeah yeah taco
night at the Shaytards hey everybody
thanks for watching we appreciate your
support
yeah click on yesterday's vlog if you
wanna see what's behind the mystery
button if you're feeling lucky and you
think you can handle it then click on
that spinny smiley face I don't think
you can handle it because it's pretty
crazy I don't think you can handle it
you cannot okay just try it just click
on it if you want to get the Shaytards
one one two three and four years ago
today click on those corresponding
numbers and i'm telling you guys the
signed shade tarred calendars will be
gone tonight so if you wanted to get a
sign Shaytards calendar you better order
it now because you probably be able to
get one after tonight rock-hard say bye
to these guys hi say I love you guys
say I got my Shay beard on okay love you
guys see you tomorrow when he got an
airplane tomorrow morning head back to
auto for Thanksgiving yeah
