 it like your namesake
Shaytards
hey what's up good morning to you and
your faces and doin your eyes
freaking me out wine art - they're still
trying to wake up I want to tell you
guys something can I tell you something
I'm excited to go home for Thanksgiving
thank you we leave in four more days
what's today Tuesday or Wednesday
today's Wednesday Wednesday Thursday
Friday we leave in three and a half more
days we're gonna get out a big old jet
plane we're a fly on over to Idaho
it is excited give me a golf club have I
taught you nothing
but just our golf purpose oh well me
there's a golf club you don't want to be
too loud because you don't want to
interfere with the putt but you want to
show your enthusiasm and excitement
about something so you like this palms
have to touch congratulations okay let's
see baby try to get your golf club on
excellent I am such a good father I've
taught you to golf clap let's see your
golf clap princess start yeah yeah yeah
scoffs clap for going to Idaho yeah do
you know who made that up no it was our
senio Hall close though whoo traffic
everywhere in the street
in the Sun tired back there you get me
okay we're going to school it's another
beautiful day I'm vlogging I'm not
coming there to play with you you're
being really needy today by said quiet
oh there he is
this little fingers with those little
fingers hey are you gonna pack it's time
to go oh wow this has wheels on it here
vlog me sure this is a great idea though
oh gosh
where's the button oh you got him in
there you get him out look he wants to
get in now sight okay California we're
in California Idaho for Thanksgiving
okay bud you just ate it let me see
you got dirty knees let me see your
hands you okay he probably just fell in
his pizzas you peed in the backyard
today that's gross I heard the door open
we had this little sensor that anytime a
door or a window in our house opens
there's a beep so like we're alerted so
we're like who's coming in who's leaving
came downstairs
I see Roger art out here here's the
funny thing as I hear the beep and klutz
like who's going out the door then I was
upstairs and all sudden I hear her going
rocked our don't pee out there funny
hearing the interaction such a
three-year-old I love you okay so we
have a lot to get done today we have to
pack and then we have to get ready for
another photo shoot for the calendars
all right day two of the shade tart 2014
calendar shoot and you guys don't buy
the calendar
mommy tired was saying last night how
she don't like any of the pictures
because she feels like she looks bad I
should just have it baby but I
especially feel like who wants to take
photo shoots of themselves after three
weeks ever they have a baby not me Haiti
you look amazing though you really look
like you had a baby so I think most
girls would be like shut your face whole
mommy tired you look amazing you want me
to give you a spoiler alert yeah I'm
wearing a corset right of space like
this velcro thing that you wrap around
your body this is like everything in and
it's not working Oh guys so that's what
I'm doing too because I didn't really
lose the weight I just wear corsets now
is where a Velcro corset so if you want
to get yourself a shaycarl corset links
below you can go buy some shaycarl
corsets what if we had our own a horse
our key that corsets oh okay when do I
get my own thing
do you really have a thing I want to see
it I want to see what it looks like
let's see that strappy thingy
I can't where did you get that from it's
not doing a very good job Sheena you're
not supposed to reveal that well you
know what not anywhere else in the world
would you know that about somebody there
for sure they'd be like Shh don't tell
anyone but I'm gonna tell you right now
we're in a course and you'll probably
still see a belly you're supposed to
keep things like that a secret right
because I think we like wow I'm super
impressed only three weeks and she
already looks that amazing recently I
think about the Kardashians if I don't
tell that they wear corsets they do
every day
well I think you look great in your
corset thanks babe all about being real
here on the Shaytards and that is really
what I'm wearing right now real fast
through world
I saw comment yesterday's vlog that was
yelling at me for calling you fat called
me a scumbag cuz you never called me fat
when I was fat but you did you called me
fat I did yeah when somebody go through
and find all the times mommy tired call
me back did not
there's so many times I see it no
probably stuff that wasn't clear sighs
yeah because I don't think that you
really think that I'm fat so when you
tell me I'm fat then I don't feel like
you're saying that I'm fat duh Ezekiel
get out
Zeke's part of the photo shoot to you
guys but he won't stay down he wants to
jump up and see the girls you guys ready
son try looking handsome Thank You
princess tard yeah baby tard her no
psycho face Oh Zeke what do you think is
this this is cool huh this awesome I
like you're doing you just have to get
your mom to let you baby it's against
the rules here comes the duckies Nikki
oh come see what you think of this water
fowl over here come on it you want to
come play with some ducks quack man a
black sir would you go easy on the
aluminum bromine rock guard that cool
she goes duck don't fall in so princess
tard got lipstick on her pants let's see
she got on her pants which was the front
of her pants so she turned her pants
around so now she's wearing them
backwards look at those duckies wanton
dick to come play with them look at the
duckies Zeke put some on there poop
weirdo there's miss beautiful and they
come
somebody's not afraid of water get in
there buddy get in there we help you
there you go there you go fun the dream
it's a boy like that
Malakai he's rolling over in his grave
right now you think why would you get in
the water
that's called dangerous we're taking
pictures
we lost the light really quick tonight
well we found this really cool park
would you get a leaf and beautiful and
feeding the baby I open it I think you
think he's your favorite baby no which
was my favorite the easiest was my farm
a retard really cuz she really suited
her she suits herself always she was
always happy
well his cry isn't very loud that's one
good night he's a very quiet cry I will
cry but it's not that loud he hasn't got
his lung as yet what oh he's ready for
breast okay gotta go guys Ziqi all are
you exploring the river you find some
trout in there George up in there rock
guard we watch a Superman I just got
done eating some NAT shows rock cards
playing with his my pad hey I love you
what do you play on the iPad why don't
you watch a movie with us you just like
the iPad better there's regular you make
these look cool
crazy keel I love you
we're taking it now what is he doing he
wants to watch Superman he is watching
the baby fly out tonight or Aris
basement without we're watching the
first part where they have to put
Superman in the little pod and shoot him
to earth and mommy tard almost started
crying because we just had a baby and
that mom I just had Superman baby I had
to put him in the pod and fly him to
earth and she was sad and mommy tired
was still here thinking about what it
would be like to send your brand-new
baby went to a father
Saturday Superman let's both do that
scene where his shirt off and he has
like a hairy chest
she cried during the tornado part know
why because her dad died this Kevin
Costner sore a favorite actor spoiler
alert Superman's dad dies that's a sad
day when the iPad dies
okay you guys quiet we're watching
Superman we're multitasking we're
getting homework done and getting a
makeover send it out know what's that
first letter what the th together they
make what you know what know it sound
they make good with okay so read the
whole sentence again Rita that bird well
right
yeah yeah what does it mean my keys or
you like simple little water okay so
what's the bird gonna sip the water with
remember what he had up here what do you
have right there remember what the Ducks
have what a bill so he's gonna sip the
water with Bill maybe you can still his
stickers he isn't trying to make dad
beautiful am i beautiful
am i beautiful is that - pretty please
tell me I'm beautiful Rock chart hey Dad
you're beautiful I'm beautiful I'm
beautiful
yeah thank you is it raining outside
sorry what
snails outside it's raining outside
it's bring him in here let's eat him for
dinner
he does he's late just not see smack oh
yeah very silly do I look pretty or
silly am i prettier silly all right go
see the rain go see there a monkey boy
monkey Joey's on Tuesday the baby does
monkey
the reigning scary
that's greasy okay don't leave them in
here outside put it on your finger
they'll suck on your finger I bet I've
had your fingernail retard is that let
me see let's see the second on my finger
no weird all right love you and we love
you as well and you Superman
dog you look cool with your shirt off
you hope samurai there's no weird or
anything I just like bro you really put
the time into the gym you know I mean
you work on those delts and pecs and
yeah uh hey heads up you guys we've sold
over just over 500 calendars we
announced it was yesterday or two days
ago that we will be signing the first
1000 shattered calendars so if you
wanted to get a signed to Shaytards
calendar they are available now
early this morning some of you were
tweeting me saying that it said that
they were sold out that was just a
glitch sorry that was wrong they're not
sold out because that's impossible
because we're doing pre-orders right now
so uh if you still want to get a signed
Shaytards calendar links below you get
one of those we will be shipping them
out and did December hopefully you'll
get them before Christmas if you live
close to us in but we will send them
anywhere in the world you can hear the
sound of my voice we will ship a
calendar to you if you want to get one
I'll click on yesterday's vlog click on
asking a lucky button if you want say
with a few hours later bye bye bye bye
