in here true and all do some choline
koni koni koni i do it for the family
hey guys so I'm one of those people that
I am walking through the mall and I'm
pretty much still in my pajamas
because I only have so much time in a
day and we're already out and about that
we're just going to stay out and about
until as long as this baby will be good
he's asleep right now
the goal is to keep him asleep and get
all of our shopping done we need to -
and then he can wake up and then it'll
be cool
all right Todd hey yeah you look super
cool do you like your new hat yeah Oh
Christmas tree
that's huge hey it's jingle bells
now whatever bigger thing about Tinker
Bell right weirdo so what we're doing is
we're trying to get all of our
last-minute shopping done for the photo
shoot today we are doing our photo shoot
for the calendars today and tomorrow and
so I was like oh my goodness we need
some clothes the girls don't have any
shoes other than their tennis shoes that
aren't totally torn up and they have a
few pairs of shoes that are half chewed
up from Zeke oh so I got him some of
those shoes hopefully we can keep him
away from the stupid dog guys I love the
dog but he's definitely in that phase
where he just chews up everything and
he's annoying and blah blah blah but you
know they get over it they're just like
kids when they're two they're just
little hellions but then they get older
and you're like oh I'm so glad you're
not to anymore
hi you're three you're enough really fun
age cuz now you listen sort of oh what's
that oh my goodness who is that she
knows what that is
that's Santa Claus
I know Santa Claus was here today okay
sorry do you say hi Santa yeah wait -
Santa say hi Santa cool that's cool
we fought Santa Christmas yeah it's
almost Christmas but we're going home
for Thanksgiving first yeah
Ezequiel we have a big day ahead of us
young man are you gonna help me are you
gonna help me we have a big internet day
ahead of us we are uploading the
goldieblox video right now focus focus
Oh Maisie only the climbs up on me
today's one of those days where I'm like
at the computer for 12 hours
ah Zeki Oh Montgomery burns you can't
put your paws there jeepers hmmmm yeah
it hurts your paws are heavy and my
genitals are sensitive I'm not a wuss
they heard you're a big dog okay today's
one of those days where I'm at the
computer all day because we got three
uploads me and Ron just went to the gym
went ham on my hammies know what that
was yesterday what did arms today and
then I got upload and edit the Shaytards
video which is going to be a 20 minute
vlog today yeah I got a lot of footage
and then we're uploading the goalie
blocks video which I'm excited about
and then we have to go to a photo shoot
so I am in a huge rush because I have to
get up the gold uploading box video and
the vlog before glut goes and gets the
kids at 2:00 so that we can go to the
beach and do the photo shoot for the
calendars it's a crazy day yeah pretty
crazy thing like look pretty you don't
know what's wrong curling your hair and
yeah you know saying and oh what very
balls yes here let me give will vlog
pulled on a hot curling she's got a hot
issue got a hot iron there's a hair
there's a hair right there also you guys
I was going to say go get I tweeted the
other night these are the coolest shirts
on the Internet my picture with Charles
trippi's brain cancer CTFxC
sure those are available think they're
going live today or tonight later
tonight so go support those we'll get
those and support and look at i tought
see this is how he gets his mark oh
you're so cool look at you
thank you dude it's like it's not
interested anymore drink your water
remember teaching Malachi and this I
thought it was so cool
a Great Danes can drink out of the
faucet because he's a big puppy
you're like a pony you touching my butt
touch my butt when I'm drinking my water
alright I'm uploading the holy blocks
video it's so exciting
as a youtuber even though I've been
doing this hello for like six years and
have total probably over 2,000 videos
that I've uploaded I still get that
sense of like oh it's going live I can't
wait to see what the first comments are
and see what people think about this
creation you know because you create
these things and you come up with these
ideas and you work so hard to upload
them and then it's like you finally get
to see the feedback so it's so exciting
so we're uploading right now I gotta
pick a thumbnail and title and I hope
you guys like it
if you haven't seen it go check it out
goldieblox video is live very proud of
the girls they did an awesome job
Zeke okay look at you some food right
don't be mad dude it's the same stuff
you have to drink yep eat the same stuff
and you can't order Chinese food
no I hear too baby crying let's go say
hi and a bro tard you guys have been
saying there's not enough retard footage
you sleep in little pond kid we can't
wake him up that is number one rule
never wake a sleeping baby
he looks disgruntled he's disgruntled
about something hey quick photo bomb and
get out of the back of there these girls
they just like hit the pose there's so
look at you fancy you're doing pictures
for the calendar so yes we are doing a
2014 calendar third annual can you guys
believe we've done these three years in
a row this reflection is gorgeous
we had a Kappa I'm gonna go in on the
chop but we're going in on the choppa
let's get to that shot everybody gets on
that chopper we will be signing the
first thousand pre-orders so if you guys
get a calendar if you've ordered one and
you're one of the first thousand we will
sign them the whole family I'm gonna get
these kids to sign all of them prolly
bro charge well I'll get Rock chart and
all the other kids to sign and we're
just taking pictures down here I think
the girls are taking up all the camera
time they paired to they'd it just like
I'm Taylor Swift and they strike a
different pose with every click of a
camera it's hilarious and the boys are
over there looking for seashells and
rocks I don't care about the photo shoot
sure alright let's see those shoes dude
those are some cool spider-man choose
your mom buy those for you yeah aren't
you so lucky you have a good mom huh
tell your mom you love her give of
Ezekial he like wraps all the way around
that little kid giving him kisses he'll
kiss down close to his butt and stinky
down there oh my gosh she's out watch
where you're punching bump on Joe 9 she
bought us this um dress for the park
yuh-huh
do you like it feel it very pretty and
sunt are looking handsome in his shirt
that new also stand up dude let's see
muscles worth making that shirt bro how
come you got so handsome I know you just
can't help it huh remember that day when
you asked why am I so handsome
it's just bro charts level coming to
this thing bro card everybody he's got a
beard bro tarts got a beard
it's Movember it's goat goatee member
he's precious
alright let's pray you're praying go to
bed
I am tired 8:06 how did I get so tired
how'd I get sort old and boring when did
that happen oh look it's being adorable
Oh what me dad you think I'm adorable
we're hungry with you oh you little ball
agree I think we'll keep you around you
into a trick do a front flip off our
headboard sont our helper stand up here
get on your hands and knees and stand on
your brother he's a big strong bro climb
up on him there you go stand up stand up
can you do it
get up push your leg up side hard push
your leg up get up higher
come on you got to work together
teamwork how you gonna get up there hope
her outro go climb climb
come on imagine there's a pack of wild
dogs 300 per rubber foot baby tard
oh my Hannah Montana you guys are
pathetic
come on make it work no these guys have
got they've got to do it they've got to
succeed there you go there's a strong
boy okay can you do a front-flip now do
a front-flip one two three go go front
flip that was a pathetic front flip that
was more like a fall flip he'll back
flip off of there maybe I did you can
that be exciting at least yeah all right
thanks to my noble steed all right
bedtime
yeah they call me something doesn't need
to be afraid in the second grade oh my
kids already fellow brothers we're
getting paid what I made
