ready or not here we call key ready or
not here we come
ready or not here we come ready or not
here we come ready or not here we come
yeah I didn't I didn't all right okay
ready or not you know penny own under
you go ready I know he's kind of crazy
already owner here we go oh it's really
none you could see me you video magic
here we go ready or not here we don't
you might say you all know that hey I do
not so weird in a cool way I guess ah
reading your neck here we go oh look
don't touch it
mini here I saved your eggs for you rock
garden he almost ate them hi bike are
you watching the Nutcracker
he's getting in that Christmas spirit he
is Oh is a real song yeah nope
oh yeah it's Christmas music time I'm so
excited I'm so excited this is the first
radio station that has laid a Christmas
song yeah I'm so excited it's not even
Thanksgiving I'm so glad they're already
selecting this I know that many of you
would be like oh why are they are
playing for Brazil that but I'm super
pumped for Christmas are you guys yeah
you sound super pumped play come on it's
almost Christmas and we're excited cuz
we went back to I know for Thanksgiving
and pretty tons of food I am and son
Todd bless his heart he is pushing
through the holiday season with no sugar
he made it Halloween to plan tonight
keep adding after church they know I
can't eat sugar we had an ice cream
social after church yesterday at our
church and it was just like this
man sitting next to the garbage can like
yeah do you know what these are the
times that make your stronger because if
you can make it through these this last
stretch of holiday season Christmas
Thanksgiving all of that fun goodness
delicious sweetness sorry I'm only
making it worse then you are a true
champion if you can do that dude and I
believe in you I think you're going to
do it are you going to do it yeah is
this close this close
what is it January 20th century last day
are you going to David Mentos candies
what oh yeah yeah we met Lizzie are you
going to go another year after this do
you think
too much pressure mom talk to me later
about it oh really
bro tar just had a major it was on his
leg it's so happy hey Phil yeah I don't
mind he's like oh he was laying there
looking like super satisfied he's like
oh I'm good don't embarrass me
Bron compared it to sprain like a puma
cub what is that no cuz like I mean a
puma you know they sprayed a marketer
alright he's like did he spray like a
public our goodness territory right now
yeah when's that belly button they'll
fall off I'm gonna port off yeah let me
just pull it off no let me pull it no
why are you cuz it will hurt it'll come
off any well you'll remember it no okay
no see it's not completely silver hey
I've never seen something like that you
haven't the local court has to fall off
that's the cord that feta money is in
the womb Oh Lord would you eat that
wrong I mean the Lord gives you oh
you we're at look at the heck I wish I
could show it that is nasty
Ron come look at this look at how cute
this is
shall we don't wipe it off let rods to
keep its like exposed peanut butter
spray explosion Wow
I never want to tell again again how
it's cool did your teacher teach you how
to clean your room yeah get in there and
get working on it is a disaster mm-hmm
we are still trying to clean up the
house after the fiasco of our Rube
Goldberg machine whether we that oh it's
live right now you guys the goldieblox
video that we shot this weekend is live
the one that we destroyed our house to
make it's live and I woke up Saturday
morning with like the worst hay fever I
think because of that fire extinguisher
that I shot off I was like a snot faucet
all day Saturday is just like coming out
of oh yeah
not umbilical cords and poopy diapers
you ready to go workout bro seriously
traumatized
I know it's commitment to a lot to
perpetuating the human species
somebody's got to do it around here all
right we're going to go ham on our
hammies at the gymnasium its squat day a
rock tard I like your haircut the
cousins are over before we plan Kengo
seek no bring it
zombies easy Oh what shall we explain to
me how I do this so it happens is like
tag but you get tagged you have to go
over there by the tree and that's to
your jail but whoever isn't tagged in
they tag you then you can get out of
jail hey your haircut looks handsome
Thanks
I'm gonna go be a zombie right now I
want your brain
tummy tuck summing up it's not rock try
are you hiding oh you got your gun for
the zombies the boy good job okay bye
guys I love you games let's see it
you're so cool you look just like a 49er
sorry Zeke it's really good kisses
doesn't he look much better having my oh
right if it's a way better way better
he's like I'm taking this as mine
where to hold mine I love it boys got
those 49er jacquard jacquard jacket yeah
they're actually really comfortable and
I'm like I wish I didn't say 49ers on it
because then I could wear it but when
people if I wear it now and then people
are like only have four dinners will be
like yeah I really know about the 49ers
because I don't I don't follow sports
Hey ladies how you saying goodbye are
you going to miss her forever tomorrow
we won't see you verbal possibly I don't
know what's tomorrow maybe
no I don't know I don't know actually
we're doing a photo shoot tomorrow
because we're getting ready to put out
calendars again I'm excited but I keep
thinking you know how much the kids
change from newborn to like a year bro
Todd will look so different by this time
next year but all the pictures will be a
newborn in so I don't know if that one
matter but whatever it'll be cool
I don't think somebody's gonna let you
leave Gager hey Rock guard he's got to
go home you're gonna let him go home
looks like we're keeping one I'm sorry
you can't give that one again no that
one give it away
oh hey let go you're gonna strangle him
you're just like your father
that's a little bit what it was like
with Shane Casey just Casey like ok fine
shake goodbye
all right mom has to intervene it's time
to go Hey look what we got we got a
package we got a package who's that from
Charles who happy who's Charles Trippy
he's our friend yes yes all right open
it cool shirts open these up these are
you guys you should go get one of these
shirts I'm gonna put one on let's see
hold it up CTF Oh
cancer Charles Trippy f cancer that's
cool that cool those are really cool
shirts huh
what's that app stand for kids somethin
else stands for Fallujah CTFxC this one
fine yeah small as yours crime get a
small one because I'm small not that
small you're right this is all fiscally
okay are you pregnant again yeah I can't
believe you'd say that your wife is such
a jerk what is that supposed to make you
guys go get one of these shirts like to
create mystery mystery and mischief and
all the proceeds from these shirts go to
brain cancer research so really cool
yeah all the proceeds that's a breast
cancer ribbon because it's CTS Charles
Trippy friend Couric's
none of the excess cancer rip as a
cancer ribbon and that cool she's gonna
stand for S stands for a friend he's
friend cor Charles Trippy friend core
cuz he has a friend he's so cute
you know what friends are you have any
friend no loser word up to my mother in
the street son just chillin with addy
yeah
just chill out daddy I love you
I'll be pumpkin welcome to the family
I'm just still getting to know him we
already love him I love you buddy okay
we're about to play game chatter lesson
and out time for our DVD what's family
home evening an evening where we we
together as a family pray and read
scriptures and you learn about something
important and do action and have
activity and sometimes a drink and
sometimes always is really fun so every
Monday night we have what's called
family home evening look family home
evening who said the prayer tonight
oh she marked him off I had the song you
guys princess run out of Scripture mom
eat her has a lesson we talked about
money and saving our money and giving
chunk right now and the activity is mom
and she has a game they were about to
play and then Sun tart has the prayer
and then mom has the treat what's for
the Tramp a lot of activity I have a lot
of jobs yeah mom's me and plan that I
never have any more s'mores left we do
yeah it's not a sir okay so we're about
to play a game it's a spoon game I don't
know what are we doing okay I played
this with my family as a kid and it was
one of those were we oh we were all
teenagers so we were all like this is so
lame why do we have to do this mom and
then by the time we were all rolling and
LeFleur laughing so this is what we're
gonna do okay and it's boys against
girls too
so we're about to go it's boys against
girls and I don't really if we can like
develop the strategy or not but I think
that at case that's boys against girls
boys you're going to get in the line
here girls we need to get in the line
here okay what we're going to do is okay
I'm setting the camera down
Zeke's gonna ruin the fun like he always
does
okay okay give me money ttmik seller oh
okay no no you're on your side you go
with the boys already so thank you so on
the count what your market set go
what you have to do is we have to thread
this boon to our photos you're going to
go up here lay it out the shirt over
turn up turn the shirt wait this no no
it was dis ours it goes through the
shirt sleeve down the pant leg up the
pant leg obviously okay and then through
the shirt sleeve down the pant leg up
depending on the so we need to we need
to read it through all of us thread it
through all of us
this sounds like first one to get it
through wins and then we'll do it again
going back okay we're ready
okay you ready no you can't start yeah
let's say go make cheating
okay we're ready I think yeah we should
put Roger on the end I'll go first
but we're going to try really hard not
to flashing ahead working out through
the pants and the sleep first sweep down
okay ready here we go here we go here we
go
your marks we're obviously gonna lay
down both earnestly
okay let's just go you ready on your
mark get set go
yeah okay good
level up you're safe rock hard careful
up to this day
when you catch that frog you don't have
a choice here here's that I guess our
first loves really sure yeah great good
job
are you ready about their boys way all
tie together
okay my words head together
alright try to spit home and then we're
gonna try it we're gonna race I had it
keep we're gonna race him unfriend oh
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow at
untie ourselves spy I hear mommy darts
mmm smells like a swimming pool in here
well I was just cleaning but I hope I
would didn't get bleaching the show yeah
you better not didn't realize it to my
friend cleans away onward to shirk like
bleach like bleach editing yet oh yeah
yeah you naughty naughty after you edit
this video and I was that I was supposed
to do I was supposed to send it in today
slacking at my drop you guys that brand
deal video that me and Casey and Logan
with the San Francisco for I was
supposed to have it submitted by today
no today but I told him I couldn't have
it till tomorrow and it's 10 o'clock at
night haven't started yet life is are
there too much footage for today I think
we have too much footage we're gonna go
put my shoes away now yeah that's true
des travaux came to see Mike
girl get the water be down here
all right come on so if you've seen our
new Goldie Blox video yes that fall down
the stairs was on purpose but the part
you didn't see off cameras where the
Batman toy stabs me in the Achilles
tendon that part wasn't on purpose
ouch thanks for watching today's vlog
please click on that feelin lucky button
see that spinny smiley face spinning
around wishing you'd click on him go
check out the new Goldie Blox video I
just left that little outtake clip in
there for you guys to get a little taste
of what we did I had a lot of fun making
this video with the girls I know I make
a lot of these videos with Sun tarde so
I wanted to give the girls a chance to
make one too and they did an amazing job
they are some very talented little
actresses so Paula he's go check out
that video I'm very proud of the girls
click on yesterday's vlog and if you
want to see what the shade are doing 1 2
3 & 4 years ago today click on those
corresponding numero uno dos tres Inc or
at rose that's a 20 minute vlog for you
ladies and gentlemen I hope you enjoyed
it give her a thumbs up a Winky smiley
face and I love you Hannah Lee how did
he do that was silly all right I love
you guys we'll see tomorrow
