hello this is shaycarl speaking I told
baby thar that she's a charge needed
folks she's in charge is it unfocus
they've heard you me in charge tonight
all right so we're about to go to dinner
in the movie and baby tart said dad are
you bringing your cameras I don't want
to film tonight she's like you have to
so no one will have to should yes you do
did you get footage today I said no
because you have to get footage it's
funny cuz I usually don't film Saturday
nights because I know it's one take
Sunday the next day so I just kind of
like take it off so maybe towards says
Kay I'll do it so baby turns in charge
here I'm not touching the camera rest
your night I will your chart I don't
know to say
you're a teacher
ptoo you can see the birds
ptoo ptoo ptoo keep it breaks retard my
in regret giving you my right to film a
movie no no I
okay I'm going to see that chicken movie
we're going to see that chicken movie
and yeah hi Rylan burger baby turn
don't turn the camera on a pointed at me
and expect to get some content okay you
want to make the videos you define it
yourself and bring up some like funny
things
yeah it's not that easy is it
tell me what candy you're gonna eat up a
movie Thank You licorice I'll get it on
and start and servers yeah
popcorn and get my old tree sure
we're here waiting for our team
make sure it's pointing down
and as you know as usual
we are free dead chicken okay bye
hi guys today I just got something
really interesting really interesting Oh
I see it on there on the surfboard
you're right the boat from civilian to
the surfboard and he's got a broad cries
next snack oh and dad's wearing his hat
with it on it baby Charles dad look at
your diamonds it's not my diamond I am
honored to wear the Vulcan to Vulcan
stone hey am I am Vulcan stone blue at
the game hey Booker stone that
I can't about it oh right so uh it was a
shooting we get the hell out of here
yeah we are okay so what happened was I
was going to take ass and them
Oh what okay and they call it was going
all all the kids and people running in
the back and this guy was like get all
the kids in the back and everyone was
like hiding in the door I'm freaking out
and I asked them what was going on there
was like a guy in the front with the gun
the guy in the front you ask the guy in
the front with the gun I don't know I
asked right that's a good idea
can i sir with the gun what is happening
what is transpiring here all right get
in let's seriously go get him
um so we just got done with the movie
Sun tarde so I need to go pee he went to
pee and then he came running back in the
theater and he said everybody out
there's freaking out I'm like what's
going on because there's a shooting so I
was like oh geez
so I got all the kids and we all like
you know how there's like that exit down
the stairs in the front of the theater
we all kind of wait and just sat in
there for a little while I'm like let's
just hang out here and find out what's
going on it's weird cuz I'm like
everything everybody's a suspect now
it's like like I know but then is 3-1-1
who I follow on Twitter who basically
tweets what's happening on the police
scanner so there was a black male with a
USC hoodie on with a handgun and
somebody was grazed I guess somebody was
shot now there's cops and fire engines
everywhere so we're gonna see if we can
get out of here but I think they're like
checking all the cars as people are
trying to exit so it's kind of scary I
think it might be time to go back to
Idaho like it is the second shooting at
this location it is really huh and we've
been here both times the last one was a
hostage hostage situation yeah and yeah
and we were here both times that's true
all right here here you vlog your stairs
cops up here I think they're checking
all the cars put the camera down and I
think that we're like suspicious okay I
keep below dude there's a cop with a gun
up here look filming some over here
there's a cop with like a m16 yeah
King he has like a hit yeah oh gosh
so I put the camera down
I'll be gone okay go ahead here sir we
got a lot of kid luggage he has that too
five of them they're all ours though all
right all right thanks man appreciate
your service see Susan the other j16
that's for you they see that gun that's
a pretty girl Ricky there's a kid right
there the USC hoodie Nike gold dude
what's going on like seriously that's
what the report was a scandal USC keep
it up look at the cops come on he passed
it up give it up another yeah like I had
a gun
what the heck is going on I get out of
here that guy had a gun the cop had a
gun oh it's looking at me on the corner
right here his ambulance yes he had a
gun I think so he was shot right here
my gosh I'm never going to California
what do you live here what do you mean
okay I'm gonna go home I think I'm gone
just drive straight to Idaho okay I
don't need it Lizzie got that my good
name big city living in the big city
we're out there though I'm Lane and the
couch watching Jumanji baby third is
going to go filmer up 3rd getting a
haircut
Ezekiel is going to climb on top of me
your baby I will film rocker wait look
on the back of his head and he calls it
he calls it a haircut to look at me
we are just and we just got done with
the lesson and yeah with the lesson from
our home teacher what did he teach us
about creepy stuff about him what one he
did the sand and the rocks in the UM
empty bucket yeah what was the point of
the story
well they had to pit they pit the sand
and then the rocks in but it didn't work
cuz they're like 50 more rocks flat
today and I have a good fountains a
little bucket whatever but get in Philly
pizza rocks first understand did it work
put the sand in first no rocks in first
rock
looking handsome little boy when I told
him that you're gonna get my haircut he
goes a home he was excited and he came
running in bad una haircut
dude you look really handsome you look
so cool just like your third haircut
ever I think such a good huh hey I love
you
why are you making those I told myself I
was done eating for the night I bought
them a long time ago and I never had a
chance to make up and I'm making them
cuz I want them you don't get any of
them anyways cuz I'm gonna eat all
warmth I'll give one to Kayleigh I said
that's the only way I'll do haircuts
putting it back North little sugar
okay oh it smells so good melting
marshmallows you almost did learn the
fifth point with the fast you can hear
the super you are done what are you
wearing what's this fat man cake your
head is so cool oh look a of a of
Airedale new dude you look so handsome
you're going to be super handsome for
our calendar pictures we're gonna take
pictures and you're gonna be so handsome
yeah what fall what about it later
yeah we're doing a picture my tickle
your feet cuz they're so cute yeah yeah
but look in the mirror you like it took
what happy do you think it's cool yeah I
know you can too dad you look boy did he
already have fun good job dude say thank
you out Jamie thank you you're welcome
all right daddy card has agreed that
actually looks pretty primarily dirty
well he unwillingly forfeited his
desires you you told me today though
that you didn't like when it would stick
up back here wasn't today well in this
past two days what was yesterday yeah I
only want on the back part Oh cutted
because I got into that part it's time
to flip up anymore okay well we're just
cutting it because we're getting
calendar pictures and so he's being a
good sport about it and then we'll let
you go back again okay you're a car so
fast it does we were talking about how
your hair grows like a beanstalk
overnight my night cream I'm Jake duck
what roof inks I never get that you guys
do roof chinks
I don't like never like her jinx but
what's routine well watch jinx if you're
never off you can't say jinx you just
you have to say move James okay what's
the difference then just cancel
the genes yeah because if you're under a
row then it's like it's almost like if
you were in a war it's like you're in a
bomb shelter or something gonna break
yourself so if you're under a roof then
you have to say roof tanks and central
streets okay weirdo you're like ow not
under and then you can say jinx you guys
know what he's talking about because I
think it's a bunch of crap but you know
whatever whatever I'm game underneath it
get in with the cool kids the roof
jinxed and all that stuff kids are crazy
these days yeah there's a lot of
craziness in this world of ours what do
you think is it time for the Shaytards
to move back to Idaho the funny thing is
is that it is switch I was the one who
first wanted to move out to Los Angeles
and close like I don't wanna and now I'm
the one that wants to move back to Idaho
and Colette's though in the ones to stay
you're so la mami tarde you're so la
like I need the beach I like the sand
and like I can okay beach and sand and a
tan what do you guys think should we
move back to Idaho or stay here in good
old sunny Southern California rock tide
wanna go back to Idaho or stay in
California he said he wants to go to
Idaho well we are flying back on
Saturday for Thanksgiving so excited and
even more excited for Christmas we're
gonna be back and I hope for three week
yeah um check out yesterday's vlog click
on that feeling lucky button and if you
want to put the trade hard is doing one
two three and four years ago today I
wonder if we're in a shooting any of
those years ago we experienced a couple
shootings while we've been here and oh
you guys Sam macaroni sent me the cut
for the brand deal video where we
destroyed our house the other day that's
gonna be uploaded tomorrow it came out
really good for the quick amount of time
that we had to shoot that and turn it
around to upload I think it came out
really good so I think you might be
impressed with the little actresses we
got some little actresses on our hands
princess started baby card did awesome
alright see you guys tomorrow
