and we're home from you look handsome
today and you look pretty today I think
you're very you're already dressed you
gonna change your church clothes poptart
come here I see your tie you look so
handsome really like that you're the
most handsome woman I've ever made a
baby with well I better be the only one
when are we gonna bless that little baby
we're gonna bless well we bless him
every day with our love oh that's good
he's awake he must have been because the
rock heard his screaming dreaming whole
way home to church Rock charts sings
jingle bells Tinker Bell tinker he's
throwing up he just threw up so we're
gonna bless our baby probably the second
week of December I think what do you
think son tired
where's your tie pocket in your pocket
got your scriptures love you you hear
that it's still real quick
wait no your hair is so thick man I wish
my hair was that thick you have your
mom's hair Wow Superman that's quite the
change oh my god hey if we blessed him
and what if we invited these guys to
come do you think would you guys come to
our church if we invited you to come
well hello
in our church like we don't baptize the
children till they're 8 but we give them
a name and a blessing when they're just
baby babies when they're like a month
old and I was thinking that would be
cool if we invited people to come to the
baby blessing if you lived in the Los
Angeles what would it be creepy no
creepy people there's no creepy people
creepy people watch us listen if you're
a creepy person and you watch us leave a
comment below
hey it's just so we know who the creepy
people are hey Shay I'm watching your
vlogs every day for the last four years
I'm one of the creepy people I better
not come to your church because I'll be
creepy I think I've seen a lot no he's
not it's yes stop it what Kevin guy kind
of creepy guy a picture but no you
protecting your mommy did you miss us
while we were at church that church I
want to know how many of you if you're
in the Los Angeles area and we announced
our baby blessing when and where it was
if you guys would come to it you'd have
to dress up kind of nice you don't have
to I mean we love everybody regardless
what your clothes are but you know don't
wear your holes in your clothes or
whatever you know but it's like Sunday
best you know I wonder how many even
think we get to show up to our church I
don't know one more than anyone we don't
have that many seats fifty thousand
people showed up so we should put that
clip in last night I mean right now
cookie you guys almost got shot last
night on to the movies it was scary I'll
put the clip in tomorrow Sun turns save
today you did you kind of gave us a
heads up if you follow me on Twitter
then you saw my tweets last night
we went to the movie theater put your
shirt on half-naked we went to the movie
we went to the Freebirds that movie
about Turkey's I fell asleep
it was pretty funny but laughed it's
just one of those like really this story
is it's like whoever made this it was on
drugs this is like what is okay anyways
so the movie was over son tired said I
have to go what you might like oh we
feel safe in that area cuz we go there
and lapa maybe we should not let him go
to the bathroom by himself in a public
place anymore wow that's scary but if he
would have got shot and we're all in the
movie theater anyways Sontag comes back
in the movie theater as the credits are
rolling because he left like right as
the movie was ending and I'm like well
we have to like scoop up all the kids
and the you know stroller and the milk
bottles and all that kind of stuff so I
said why don't you run out and go to the
bathroom and we'll get everything ready
and then come back in here so he comes
running back in the theater and he's
like dad dad everybody in the lobby is
freaking out everybody's running towards
the theaters I'm like what I'm like
okay stay here and I'm like what's
happened he goes I don't know but
everybody's just like screaming and
running so yeah so he said he asked me
we should hey get in here and tell the
story bro we are the stories are better
when your pants are off I don't have you
guys comparison I have my pants off my
camera's out leave your pants on that's
a number one rule of vlogging if you're
vlogging wear some pants so yeah I made
that mistake I learned that the hard way
do you know I'm talking about so then I
was kind of like scared like what do I
do like are people gonna come running in
the theater with guns so where the
little exit is you know how in every
theater there's like a stairs that goes
like to an exit where you can walk out
we all just kind of like I took the
family down there and just like we all
stood there and the girl started crying
do you cry it made you cry what did you
cry baby time was scared
it's alright I was scared too
daddy's just don't you know cry I guess
we do sometimes
Jackson was just didn't care about
nothing anyway so we kind of hung out
for a minute I said you guys stay here
I'm gonna go check in the hallway and
see like what was going on
so like son tard I tweeted this last
night I was very proud of him he was
like helping with rock harder with the
girls and getting all the kids just to
stay by mom and the stroller down in the
little like starett exit area where like
it was I felt like it was like kind of
like this little Cove I like peeked out
there and there's like people running
through there it was like what do we do
what do we do so I went out and I was
looking around and it seemed like it
calmed down so I'm like let's just take
this back way down to the parking garage
and then we got searched by a cop with
an m16 it was crazy anyways there's a
little clip that we have definitely
exciting we'll put it in tomorrow's vlog
so it's one take Sunday we just got home
from church we're gonna upload this and
then we're gonna relax and I actually
have a lot of editing to do for a video
this work is never done guys make sure
the work is never done
blue eyes with bluish eyes and then they
get their color a couple months later
there's so many different facial this
one right now is I need a diaper change
mom can you work on that
Nona copies it no you can oh it's the
baby acne they always get it was locked
her doing he's naked what are you doing
what are you doing
don't hurry Jim robbed art oh my
goodness what are you doing
put your
all right well your kids are naked
alright I can control them they fake it
game after you pain to eyes children
Sontaran are you dressed nobody's
dressed here alright one takes Sunday we
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
it should I talk about anything else
we're on Saturday we're flying back to
Idaho for Thanksgiving I am so excited I
am extra excited for Christmas this year
any every time I start thinking about
the holidays and about Christmas I get
like really excited I like to start
feeling the Christmas spirit I'm pumped
up are you hold this are you excited for
Christmas
wha I'm Way excited for Christmas all
right we'll love you guys if we do
invite you guys to come to our baby
blessing stay tuned but you guys are
welcome to go to any Church of Jesus
Christ a lot of the saints you tell him
no I don't even know it but I know cool
that's a great thing to know alright we
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
