I love niggas there's fish everywhere
everybody needs a bow all right it's
time for school tipper put on your
backpack part okay this is how the kids
put their backpack on when they go for a
full day of Scholastic brain tickling
school all right action
I'm ready did you get it seems that if
you're upside down for you they're ready
so if you guys have a backpack and maybe
you find yourself ready to head off to
escuela here's how you can pull out
backpack coach on the count of three get
ready for school
one two three go breck still working on
it
well he's good right it's not your horse
man you got the reference light it's
kind of funny yeah yeah you need more
books in that bag well guys yeah I'm
going boys huh hi betim to work out the
sword but good short short hard helpful
good burning muscles weak so I'm trying
heylia podcast drink it lots water
that's our tip for today okay work out
Monica tell him to go watch you on
shayloss or else
all over again
I just can't wait to get on the road
again visiting places that I've never
read from here I just can't wait to get
on road
I think this could be the very last mo
the year it's like to mow your lawn one
of my favorite things to do is to cut
the grass you guys have heard me say it
before summertime right after the grass
is freshly cut maybe you turn the
sprinklers on or you slice yourself you
know a delicious piece of crisp water
bad you smell that freshly cut grass in
that watermelon ears I love nature part
of nature is reproduction where am I
going with this we have too many cats
and Colette is taking four of them I
think four of them today to a pet store
a local pet store where they will be
adopted or sold but mostly they just
won't be in my garage anymore making it
a giant mess we're going to keep like 9
or 12 there's a lot of cats we're being
responsible pet owners though we are
neutering the ones that we're keeping
and the ones that were taking to the pet
store are gonna be there now so
Colette's gonna go do that while I get
this lawn mowed and we got a bunch of
stuff to get done today ok it's a busy
time winter's coming we got to get all
our corn nuts in the cellar before
winter comes like the squirrels do all
right you guys today is a special yeah a
sad day because we're trying to really
like get our lives in order especially
with the pet situation have a lot of
pets and we have little kittens that are
very cute and so we're going to take
them to the pet store I've already
called them they said that they do have
room so that they can find a good home
for them so they're we're taking a few
of the kittens to the pet store I know
it's sad the kids kind of feel sad but
they also know we're gonna have to take
care of all those kittens if we don't
take them so we have still three of the
second litter we have three of them and
then we have all of the first litter
because they got too old we couldn't
take them to the pet store
anyways so we have a lot of cats still
but we're going to take some of them
away all right guys I'm going to say
goodbye to the kitties you bye kiddies
all right we're at the pet store what
are you oh you're looking at that one
yes the big rowdy here out I did I don't
want to burn your trash very pretty
right what do you guys see Hey okay
let's go say goodbye to the kitties
hilarious time lash a haha doc Oh guys
were getting another pet oh you want to
be her don't you no I was joking
hmm she's very buggy go straight chai
check out this room there's fish
everywhere what if this was your room
room it smells very aquatic and it
actually doesn't smell fishy it just
smells watery I like it like the ocean
where do you guys see a castle oh that's
beautiful
Oh princess species they're having so
much fun oh it's a snail I think there's
some sort of thing like that you like it
yeah yeah right it's time for making
dinner time for making dinner for guys
the things I say I'm like Colette speak
he was worked better we're gonna have
this soup it's just like me noodles and
just look excited but it tastes really
good i seasoned it rather well and
daxter Rach I told you words are working
today
Brock is helping me with the mini wolf
and a trans and well I'm words aren't
working for you either today the low
mower we're doing the mini muffins and
the lawn mowers I said we're gonna make
some copies and lemon poppy seed muffins
to go with dinner or dessert or whatever
you want to call it I didn't okay Brock
knew how to do it really careful
it's tricky you might need a little bit
more on that one
I need more fish that's a little that's
a good spoon you need a little bit more
in there though thank you
yeah here let me show you okay you get a
bigger spoonful Oh try not to get on
this side pop it in there
all right I'll get universe but there
you go it kind of looks like chicken
dumplings or something but it's not just
probably seed muffins yes whoops okay
it's time for Colleen to take bruiser to
the dog park and what's your what's your
dog's name
oh we haven't decided yet it's time to
go to the dog park and Colleen has
decided this is not an appropriate dress
to wear the dog park it will get ruined
dog hair and poop on it
I'm sure not that we normally get dogs
to spawn ourselves at the dog park but
you never know it could happen so we
have to change your outfit okay what
outfit huh that's the funnest part about
playing with dolls right habits which
one which one ok now we're picking from
the bow basket slot suppose those
accessories outfits and Colleen has
picked a lovely mint color bow it's a
little bit more of a pale blue than her
shirt but I think it looks fabulous and
they're ready to go except for we
realized that she is to go to the salon
today so that's their next stop after
the dog park but which one did you pick
you'll see oh that's a pretty one I love
any plate entire Junya bobby pin first
probably I'm gonna put a bow in your
hair
ok that's better I feel better about my
life now everybody needs a bow do you
need a bow
alright pick out a bow put my her price
ok I got a bone yes yet let me see it oh
yeah I can't
he's loose yeah yeah do you like it it's
pretty did i crap it I do she is ready
to go to the dog park let's go ok the
dogs are running around with
dog park and now we're going to eat
cookies chocolate chips a cupcake an up
shake a banana split and two pies and a
banana and because we need to have a
little healthiness in there a banana and
mushroom soup yes oh yeah the mushrooms
forgot about that and the big fans are
for the dogs yeah it's my kind of picnic
these are bad so cute okay they just sat
down to the movies oh did I show them
their nails hold on we have to show yes
look they both kind of got the same but
different oh they're so pretty
sparkles and now we're at this new movie
theater where you get to have a blanket
while you watch the movie I'll be right
back hey the money taker the ticket
Gavin's watching the vlog you saying
great dude does it make you nervous
oh I think you sounded great I love ya
alright did we find Aladdin did they get
their tickets no is this rolling
look at this guy's it's mail day and you
know we don't usually have mail days
more wristband smile more happy ah look
that is cool and it's even the kind you
can pull out you going out all the
crumbly things on the side oh yeah I was
fine remember this in school yeah I
guess you guys know I would always fold
it over very nice nice yeah dude that
might be a squad tear that huh it's my
little toys my warp
more hats we should give some of this to
you guys does anybody want a smile more
stuff is that is more you guys look got
buddies oh this is even a coat Thank You
Rome and Brittany and lo this don't know
who this is from and I love to sidewalk
Maya you're in the kitchen I bet you
there's one Pope yep hmm what is B here
huh what else is in there Dax
more pieces oh nice the rules
welcome to Warren pieces in this fun
family game and that darn battery died
we just got a board game that was Roman
Atwoods board game that he is making you
price on his vlogs thanks for watching
click on the thumbs up button you're at
the end slate where you're just thinking
about your lives right now you're like
where should I go next on the Internet
maybe I'll watch another trade arts vlog
yeah do that that's a good idea
